NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, PIRIE STREET \------------------------------------------- *' The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the ' new Wesley Chapel, Pirie-street was celebrated on Monday I5th instant. A marquee had been pitched: upon an elevated mound, and flags and ban ners at various points of the site of the future edifice gave a holiday appearance to the scene. Long before the appointed time (3 o'clock p.m.) every point of van tage ground was occupied by persons anxious to wit-, ness the proceedings, and shortly after 3 o'clock his Excellency and Lady Young arrived, and the Rev. D. J. Draper gave out a hymn,the majority of the male sex present taking off their hats, and otherwise indi-: eating their mental participation in the devotional exer cise, while a considerable number "lifted up their voices " in unison with the principal members of the Wesleyan body, who stood around his Excellency and Lady Young. The Rev.D. J. Draper then invoked the Divine blessing on the undertaking in a prayer characterized by its fervid piety and Christian libe rality. At its conclusion, the silver trowel, manufac tured for the occasion, was presented to his Excellency, who descended to the foundation, laid thestone secun dum artem, a bottle, in which was enclosed the ap pended inscription, having been previously deposited in a place prepared for its reception : " The Foundation Stone of this Chapel, for the use of the people called .Methodists, In connexion with the Society established by the Reverend John Wesley, A.M., was laid by His Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young. Knight, Lieutenant-Governor of the Province, on Monday, the fifteenth day of July, A.D. 1850, being the fourteenth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Tiie Rev. {Thomas Jackson, being President of the British Conference. The Rev. Win. B. Boyce, General Superintendent of Wes leyan Missions in Australia. The Rev. D. J. Draper and the Rev. Thomas T. N. Hull, Ministers of the Adelaide Circuit; the Rev. R. C. Flockarl, Assistant. Trustees. Messrs John Colton Messrs W. Hutchens " Robert Hawkes " J. B. Hack " Wm. Ma'Guire " T. J. Mitchell " Andrew Johnston " J. C. Cuke " Thomas Maslin " William Collins " Win Johns " Henry Goss. Architect. Henry Stuckey. Esquire. Builders. Messrs W. H. Perryman & Son. " Our venerated Founder has recorded it as his opinion * that the object of God in raising up the Methodists was to spread Scriptural Christianity.throughout the land.' "To assist in promoting* this object in South Australia, this Chapel is erected, to the Honour and Glory of the Triune God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." His Excellency, after officiating as " Master Mason," | returned to his position in front of the marquee, and i addressed the assemblage in the following appropriate J and impressive speech: " Reverend Gentlemen and Christian Friends-It has ] ever appeared to my mind to be a duty incumbent on us all to act as coadjutors and brethren of a far greater j society than that which is comprised in the congrega tions in which we commonly assemble. It is certain that we are citizens of a community which embraces all Christendom-redeemed by one ransom-pledged I to one service- owing allegiance to the Christian law of love, ^therefore give my sympathy and aid to the j work of this dayj not forgetting in what comparatively i minor particulars I difier from my Wesleyan fiieuds,! but recollecting much more vividly, and with much greater satisfaction, the grand cardinal points on which we hold together our common faith. In assisting to lay the foundation- stone of this house of prayer, we are discharging a duty which, we may fervently hope and believe, will carry with it a blessing to present and future times. In this edifice will be read and ex pounded the same sublime version of the Holy Scrip tures, from which hope and consolation are proclaimed to our friends, relatives, and countrymen at home, and made known to all nations for the obedience of the faith. Whilst individuals are thus led to the only way of salvation, the peace and order of civil society will be promoted by teaching also in this Chapel the scriptural doctrine of ' Love the Brotherhood; fear God; honour the King.' As an individual, and as a ruler, then, I rejoice that the zeal and liberality of the 1 Wesleyans and their friends are sufficient to engage in so praiseworthy an undertaking; and I pray God to speed the good work." The Rev. T. N. Hull then delivered a discourse! fitting to the occasion, and breathing the same spirit of piety, peace, and goodwill that characterised the whole proceedings. The prayer with which the rev. gentleman concluded elicited a fervent Amen from the people, and tears glistened in may an eye, " albeit unused to the melting mood." The Rev. Mr Draper exhibited plans of the elevation of the building to his Excellency and Lady Young, which were much admired. He then referred to the fact that the Wesleyan Chapel in Gawler-place was found insufficient to accommodate the number of persons who applied for sittings in it, and who were desirous of worshipping ander the pastoral care of the Wesleyan ministers. It was iihat fact which induced the trustees to determine on erecting a larger structure ; and that ground, com prising an area of half an acre, was purchased for £600. The new chapel of which his Excelleney had that day laid the foundation-stone was intended to be 88 feet long and 53 wide in the inside, with a capacious school-room and vestry attached. It was estimated that the whole wouts cost about £4000, of which sum £1000 were already re- ] ceived, although the collection had bSen by no means general throughoat the city. He (Mr Draper) hoped that on the completion of the building, withont gal leries, which could be afterwards added, that a debt of not more than £1000 would remain unliquidated, as the old Chapel in Gawler-place would be sold, and the proceeds appropriated towards the expense of the new building. The rev. gentleman remarked that the ground on which the Gawlerrplace Chapel stood, was a I gift to the Wesleyans, from Edward Stephens, Esq., and that the foundation-stone of that edifice was laid by Colonel Gawler, the then Governor of the province. The rev. gentleman then gave out the Doxology, which was sung by the people ; after which his Excel lency and Lady Young retired, amid the cheers of the workmen and spectators, who immediately after sepa- 1 rated. The silver trowel used at the ceremony yesterday was much admired for its exquisite workmanship. In the centre the arms of Sir Henry Young are beautifully emblazoned, and surrounded by the following inscrip tion :-" This trowel was used in laying the first stone I of the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie-street, Adelaide, by his Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young, the Lieut. Governor, and presented to him by the trustees, July 15th, 1850." On the reverse, the motto, "The best of all, God is with us," and an elevation of the proposed building, with the names of the ministers and trustees of the Society and of the architect and builders of the sacred edifice. 