ENGLISH NEWS. NEWS OF THE WEEK. (From the Spectator, September 9.) Holyrood Palace was fitted up, people ob- serve, to afford the Queen two nights' lodging for her stay was no longer, and she quitted Edinburgh without either drawing room or levee. In the course of her sojourn, the successor of Elizabeth visited the apartments of Mary Queen of Scots, preserving a strict in- cognito, for the better because more free con- templating. What thoughts might rush across the royal train the ill-fame of the thought- less woman, wandering among fanatics and rude soldiers, whose coarseness merged in fanaticism ; the late! husband, the imbecile progeny-link between the Victoria of the nineteenth and the glorious Elizabeth of the sixteenth century ! Many a material for a royal sermon even the apocryphal stain of blood, whose imputed in- delibility provoked the English bagman's indignation on behalf of his forbidden " detergent elixir." No detergent elixir can cleanse the blot from that page of bigotry and cruelty ; but a healthy faith can draw flowers of consolation even from the ground fertilized with blood. Before the royal lady had rapt herself from the eyes of the loyal Rdinburghers, Prince Albert was seen in his duty as cathedral Com missioner general, laying the first stone of the new Scottish National Gallery on the Mound and delivering one of his neat oral compost- tions which always contain some sterling thought-on the independent condition of the useful arts in Scotland at this day as compared with the time of the Union, and the growing influence of the fine arts. And so from art in Modern Athens to nature at Balmoral. Of the highly heterogeneous home news, this week, the most important fact is the formal announcement of the two commissions to inquire, respectively, into the condition, studies, and practice of the two great Universities of England The selection of inquisitors inclines to the mild and the appearance of a Bishop at the head of each ought to pacify alarmists as much as the button at the point of the sword-like foil. The worst of it is, that the fashion of the day is to manage all these matters : the public want faith in the investigation; regarding the commission as something to furnish a warrant for Lord John Russell's preconceived intention-some project which flashed upon his mind instantaneously, and in to realise a fractional existence after some ten years of debating and postponing " at this late period of the session." Cambridge is still in search of the man for her vacant seat. The erudite body ought to be represented by living erudition, but men distinguished for the humanities hang back; Macaulay for years the field where his gifted and graceful tongue has tasted the bitter salt of subservience ; Herschell will not descend from the stars to the Commons though he might bring such salutary influences from the wide and high world in which he has lived; Walpole, whose career exhibits a faculty of rising from the common ground of party politics to a higher region, will not involve himself in a new election and he the choice of Alma Mater seems at present to hover between certain able barristers. The death of Charles Wynn causes a personal regret ; one cannot see a name disappear from the records of the day, which has been familiar ever since there records were known, without a sigh of farewell, nor miss without regret even that voice which forbade the Speakership to the learning so diligently accumulated for the office, and so liberally dispensed for the public service. In Joseph Bailey, too, Hereford, regrets a respectable representative Several personal incidents revive attention to the unsettled state of the English Church. The Reverend Eyre Stewart Bathurst, Rector of Ivibworth, is among recent seceders to the Church of Rome; and the abandonment of £15 '0 a year is some earnest of his sincerity. Another seceder is Viscount Feilding, eldest son of the Earl of Denbigh. His house has some traditional associations with Rome, which might always have kept its sons in mind of the Eternal City ; but in a letter to the Times, Lord Peildi g avows his reason-that in the Church of England he mines that " living definite authority, conclu- sive and infallible," which is claimed, " and exercised, by the Church of Rome. Lord Lyttelton's absence from the Gorham meeting at St. Martin's Hall, in July, has been remarked, and conjecturally ascribed to a grow- ing distrust in the Church of England, In a published letter this week, Lord Lyttelton shows that it had no such motive. He objects to public discussion on doctrinal details when the disputants have not settled the terms in which they are to discuss. Dissatisfied with the state of the Church, he sees no fit expedient for amend- ing it, short of " restoring to the Church the power of uttering her own voice as an organized and independent body." Many must feel this who will not yet admit the conviction : events will drive them into some course more. definite than that which is now the fashion. The resting-place allotted to the remains of Louis Philippe carries out to the last the adventurous character of his career ; he is interred in a little chapel at Weybridge, in the grounds of Miss Taylor, a lady of wealth and Romanist tenets, who has immortalized her name by being, as it were, the landlady of Louis Philippe mortal lodging for the epitaph, singular in its suggestive turn, pro- ' claims that his remains He there until they shall be transferred to his country and to the midst of the ancestral ashes, the wanderings of the French Ulysses ceasing not even at the tomb ! ! It is said that Louis Napoleon would be willing enough to welcome home the Monarch under whose reign returned to France the ashes of the President's illustrious uncle ; only the said President apprehends, just now, the imputation of Royalist sympathies. No doubt, Louis Philippe can wait to cross the Anglo Gallican Lothe. Meanwhile, the indefatigable " nephew of my uncle has set out on another tour to conciliate his countrymen. i Speculative politicians are watching with interest the Assembling of the Councils-Ge- neral, as it is said that they are prepared to take a new ground in giving distinct expression to the national sentiments on the practical conduct of public affairs. This growth of the municipal faculty in France would be not more new than hopeful. One fears that the genius of the people, though "republican," is not democratic but tending too much to the military or hierarchical-that love of rank and power which is willing to purchase with obedience t those above, the luxury of commanding those below-for true working in co-equality. But you never know till you try;" and experience may have brought the French in matters of local polity to the point so long since attained by the Anglo Saxon family, and even by the Basque family. There is still some movement in the wide and various region over which England has extended her Colonial action. While our separated colonies, the United States, are struggling, not hopelessly, with the great questions that obstruct their final consolidation, un- settled boundaries like that of Texas, and unsettled social questions like that of slavery, in which the Senate has just conceded a nv a sure to facilitate the capture of fugitives our con- quered i Provinces of India send us reports of new border wars waged by the jealous A'ree dees, new plots for escape and retaliation among the captured Sikh chiefs, new squabbles of the Napier tribe in the administration. But concerning our veritable Colonies, the two striking facts are in direct contrast : while the Canterbury colonists are preparing their departure to unite England with a new and I close bond to her youngest colony of New Zealand, we learn that Dr. Lang is agitating the last colony projected on the map of Lord Grey's brain, "Victoria," on the Port Phillip district of New South Wales, to establish a league for the separation of the Australian Colones s from ' England. It is remarkable that both movements originate in strong dissatisfaction created by the rule of the Colonial Office in London. Every party in New South Wales has had occasion to be disgusted and offended and not only were important interests connected with emigration, with the moral improvement of New South Wales, and with its religious regimen, which Dr. Lang came over expressly to advocate, super- callously disregarded, but he was treated with personal slight. He, an able, strong, proud, and irascible man, left the letter which we published in November last year, proclaiming his wrongs ; and now we have the sequel in action. Attempts made to disparage him, and to fetter him by tampering with his personal difficulties, refute the declaration that he is not formidable. The object of his agitation is at least premature, but who can limit its influence or results ? ( The animus that reigns over such projects as the Canterbury settlement-the most finished specimen of the whole class the motive to supersede the bad influence of the Colonial O See by doing the work too well to undergo suppression. The colony take the pick of English society as it exists, including the hierarchical machinery of the established Church. The colonists are of one faith, because, meeting on that point of agreement, they avoid many sources of discord in a young and small community. The singular good order, and the provision for mental improvement among the voyagers, are an earnest of the spirit which must reign over the settlement. Its principles are, culture, order, freedom, and concord. It is for that reason, unquestionably, that the new colony is distinguished from others 1 by the large proportion of actual settlers among the purchasers of land : hence a higher order of its social body, loss of absentee proprietary, with many attendant advantages. The apprehension of some few, imperfectly acquainted with the strict practical objects of the plan, and moved perhaps by seems certain high minded religionists engaged in its promotion the fear that it may combine a retrograding High Church spirit with some undefinable "Church of the Future is a figment : the new colony is devised on strictly practical grounds of regimen, and is neither retrograde nor speculative. A very large body of the colonists about to start for Canterbury settlement, in New Zealand, attended the morning service at St. Paul's Cathedral on Sunday last on which occasion a sermon was especially addressed to them by the Primate of all England. Several noblemen and many ladies and gentlemen who take an interest in the new settlement were present and an unusually large congregation crowded the cathedral to witness the solemnity. Archbishop Sumner took for his text the parting salutation of St. Paul to the Christians of the church at Corinth The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all." I Some weeks since we had occasion to describe a breakfast given by the directors of the Canterbury Association to the capitalist and pro visional class of emigrants and their friends. on shipboard at the East India Docks- S Monday at Gravesend, the Aisoeiitlon'dS pensed its hospitality, in a leave-taking drama of substantial fare, to the families of that. hearers and craftsmen who will form the most numerous and important class of the new. colony. As before Lord Lyttelton, the paS The Bishop designate of Lyfelton, the C reodMr. T. Jackson was this time able, attend, and give the colonists counsel atone, wise and inspiriting : Mr. Sewell, the Vice? President, read extracts from the journal of Mr fc°?d,;y' the pioneer of the duties? which had opportunely been received there before, and which gave the leave takes a had taste in description of the good and ill law will shortly fir e. " Off the Terrace Pier at Gravesend lay w fine vessels-the Crecy, the Sir George aw! mour, the Charlotte Jane, and the Randdnh gaily decked with signal-colours, and crowded with picked labourers, with their wives, 55 families, about to start for the land of promise: By an arrangement only possible in vened great breadth, the berths of the ships were constructed acts war-ships instead of alor>".rhin a mode which gives increased room and first arrangements for ventilation. A Committee of the Association having minutely inspected the vessels, the emigrants proceeded on shore in a fleet of hosts and having been marshalled on the strand, first by ship, and then by fines. lies, they marched in procession, about six hundred in number, headed by a band of music, to a spacious pavilion in the meadow near Waite's Hotel, and there plentifully regaled themselves with roast beef and plum- pudding. Their robust and cleanly appearance showed the care with which they had been selected and their their cheerful and orderly conduct gave fait augury that they would prove the right matey trials with which to found a prosperous settlement. A mistake in to the hour of the dinner having delayed Lord Lyttelton's arms', the Bishop-designate opened the speech-making after dinner. a Mr. Jackson at once made himself the personal friend of the audience, by telling then, that he regarded every man of them as his own particular guest and in accordance with the fashion of good old English hospitality, he expressed his hope that they would meet again as his guests at home in New Zealand." They might depend upon it there would as will be something to eat, and, in moderation, to drink, for the true-hearted, honest, sober thoughtful labourers of the new settlement. It would be natural for him to give some account of the arrangements made to provide education for the children of the peasantry during the voyage. Glad was he then to say, that there was not a peasant school in this country better provided with the apparatus of education than were the peasant schools which would be in operation on board the Canterbury ships. He trusted, from that day forward, some of the schools of this country might follow the example thus set them with reference to the instruction of the peasantry, He believed that an educated peasantry was essential to the wellbeing of every new colony; and, with God's help and under God's blessing, they would provide duration, without diet or parsimony, for all the children of future generations in Canterbury. For advice, he would, in the first place, tell them that there was nothing so dangerous to the morals of a man as a long voyage, unless he kept himself, as it were, with a garded soul, and endeavoured to live from day to day in the fear of God. In spite of the bat economical arrangements, moral mischiefs might arise on board the vessel during the voyage. But he trusted that if ever a word of impurity should be uttered, if ever an oath should be taken, by any man going out to Canterbury, such language would be frowned down by the Christian spirit of the great mass of the people on board and that the man so offending would be treated as nolan enemy but as sinning friend, and that every effort would be made by kindness and example to secure his return to the path of propriety. He would advise them to ruin tain a certain self-respect during the voyage, and, while they exhibited an amiable disposi- tion towards all, to make a reserve for more intimate friendship when they arrived in the settlement Let them not immediately give up their whole heart to the first person who might ask for it. Above all, while on the one hand they " kept the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace, attending to their religious duties with great care, consecutiveness, and earnest ness, they should on the other hand, be careful to avoid that absence of neatness, of propriety and of gentlemanly conduct in little matters which was apt to grow upon a man during se protracted a voyage, sinking him in the scale of skirty, and making him a worse man instead of a better for his change of place. He trusted too, that while they felt a happy exultation that day, they would not forget to breathe an earnest prayer that He who " holdeth the waters in the hollow of His hand," and who said to the storm, " Peace, be still, would bring them in safety to the haven where he would be. Believing as he did in a special providence, to that providence he now most solemnly and earnestly commended them. He hoped to follow them in a few days; and if it pleased God that their lives should be spared, he might shake hands with all of them in their new home, as he now shook hands with them from the ground of an affectionate heart. Mr. Jackson, nearly at his first rising, alluded to the journal of Mr. Godley. which had been received from New Zealand the day before describing it as most valuable for its simple, truthful, and unvarnished tone; and now Mr. Sewell had begun to read some extracts from it, when Lord Lyttelton arrived, and was welcomed with delight. Taking the chair, and explaining that he was late by miss use of the hour, and much to his vexation. Lord Lyttelton recovered the broken thread of the proceedings. "There are many now present who were also present at the entertainment given on board the ships some time since to the upper class of colonists and they will recollect that it was then a generally expressed wish that a similar entertainment should be given to what I may call the bone and sinew of the colony. I believe that both classes of our colonists leave their native shores with the best wishes of all good men. Many do not know of our enterprise ; but, wherever known, I believe it but as many friends and as few enemies as any expedition that ever left the shores of Old England. I believe it deserves those good wishes, and that we might look back a long way in our history before we found an instance of a colonizing expedition of which the founders were animated by true religious principles, and pay no more unworthy motives. I fear I have interrupted the reading of Mr. Godley s journal, . a narrative in which all present must feet a deep interest and I think we cannot be better employed than in listening to its resumption. Mr. Sewell then read extracts from the diary. They were listened to by the emigrant with absorbed attention and the national spirit of some portions drew forth audible com- payments on its fairness. . Mr. Jackson proposed the health of the Chairman, with complimentary allusions to do honour paid him by the Aviation in changing the name of the chief town of settlement from that of Christchurch, as at first proposed, to the one adopted w "Amen who preside over the affair, of the colonies had the heart »«!*_th« as, a Lord Lyttelton, it would be a difficult things - cause a national separation of the children from their old mother-country. England I saw his Canterbury settlers should display ^»"¡S of the character of his noble friend, they would hand down from generation to g*n«*"°S E highest type of the English nobleman and an English gentleman; than which, he wore add, there was not a better in the world. The toast was. modernly acknowledgement L ThankVwerenot so much due to' unwise to those who were about to venture their lives in the settlement, and to like PJ rT " part in the actual foundation officers - Many of those who had been more entries Committee were themselves going well take part in the í?«u"1»ti0n<,°fhtU,,b, a ¿ tlement. It would no doubt W JJ a work of difficulty to wppV »? agencies which would be thus created , but he would promise for the Committee that they would do their best at home to promote the BBIjniment success and prosperity of this great eaxtiprtsf To himself it was indeed more than an ample reward for his exertions, that, 18 had been mentioned by his self denying and earnest friend, Mr Jackson, the capital of the new colony and the seat of the future bishopric was to receive his own name He certainly had not wished to see the name originally fixed upon altered , but since it had been changed, he could not but view its new designation with the warmest feelings of gratitude and interest He referred with pride to the chief characteristic feature of the audience before him the character of every one of the labourers, and of the 'families about to be conveyed out to this Settlement in New Zealand had been most minutely inquired into before they were accepted as emigrants Care had been taken that the emigration should, in all its parts, be of the right kind, and that nothing should be carried out of the country which did not partake of and represent the best description of what remained in it. He could not but take that oppor- unit) of expressing the sense which he entertained of the self-devotion of Mr Jackson, their future Bishop, not only in giving up, as he had long been prepared to do, his comforts and pr aspects at home, to undertake the foundation and spiritual superintendence of the new colony but also in being willing to undertake a second voyage across thousands of miles of ocean A legal difficulty-a lawyer's point upon which he would not allow himself to dwell-had intervened to prevent Mr Jackson s immediate consecration by the episcopal body in this country. With admirable self devotion he had declared his readiness to go out at that moment as their Bishop-in which light Lord Lyttelton felt confident they would SU record him- to bear his part in laying the foundations of the colony, and he would return to England, if that should become neces late, hereafter, to obtain that consecration which was at present postponed The health of Mr Forsyth, the legal counsel, and one of the " earliest and best friends of the AMOCiition," gave that gentleman opportunity of delivering some forcible remarks on the vast importance of individual character in a young community. Before separating, Lord Lyttelton made a pleasant engagement - Although the future was, he trusted, full of bright anticipations there was a certain solemnity in the reflection that many who were then «MCinbl d together would never meet again But he would say this for himself, that if there was one project more than another to which he looked forward with pleasure, it was, that when ten or UtLcn years hence the colony should be flourishing, and that great bond of connection with the mother country, he meant steam com munich tion, should have been established when the long and tedious voyage should have been shortened one half-he might realise a Vision which he could assure them he cherished With great affection, that of stepping on board earner and calling at New Zealand to see the town which had been named after himself ' (Loud cheers and laughter ) In e inclusion, Mr. Jackson threw out a caution suggested by an allusion to California in Mr Forsyth's address, that the true Cnlifor his of the colonists would be found in the our tivation of their own land When in a few days they should be ploughing the pathless ocean, he hoped they would think upon how they should plough the land when they arrived at their destination. He, for one, had determined to set a good example in tilling the land, and would raise with his own hands the food required for his subsistence. 