DISCOURSE OX-ITALY, BY W* J. FOX, ESQ.. M.P. From the ' Metropolitan Gossip' of the Liverpool Albion, we extract the following account of the members for Oldham, sermon, on behalf of the Italian refugees', delivered on Sundav week, at tinshury Chapel, London :—' The announcement that Fox would appeal from his pulpit, on behalf of the Italian refugees, drew a very large house. Do'nt be shocked at the theatrical phraseology— (Mr Fox wouldn't be in the least so— quite the contrary) Finsbury Chapel is a large commodious building, with nothing very particular about it, unWs that it seems ventilated upon extra scientific principles. There is stained glass in the windows, and a good organ in the pallerv, with an indifferent choir, except as regards a certain contralto as deep as Lablache would be if he wore petticoats, ouly she doesn't know how to use it — that is her voice. The first thing that strikes you is, that nobody seems in a hurry to pull his hut off, and you're all the more surprised at thot when you come to see what's under the felt : — Regular beaver hea:s, square, massive, broad, with the bump of the Encyclopaedia lirilannica very fully developed indeed, and the organ of no- nonsense equally prominent — humbug bein-? very small, and blarney almost imperceptible. Wide- awakism like wise is in strong relief, perhaps a little too strong ; and a very critical phrenologist would probably object to the organ of Don't-think- small-heer-of-myselt being unduly conspicuous in the majority of the regular at tendants. In brief, the Finsbury Foxiles are an emi nently intellectual- looking set of fellows, male and female :— no bull that: — how, indeed, couUi a female he a bull, even if she were Mrs Pasiphae herself? And do'ut gp to suppose that tlie ladies look as blue as they are. On the contrary, they are, for the most part, deep re:! : — outward, of course, for arn't all blues red inside ? But these blue-belles, whom So lomon himself would be delighted to. ring, are posi tive blush roses in the parterre of metropolitan loveli ness, inste id of being, as you might fancy from their locale, withered Cypress, planted in the infancy of the Pyramids, before the Sphnix was weaned, and when the late respected Ptolemy Pharoah, senior, Esq. was in long clothes. ' Half past eleven was the advertised time for commencing service ; but, long before that, the ex pectaucy of the coming eloquent flood had Attracted a well-filled reservoir of unmistakable liberalism, though the rain was pouring down as if it were re» hearsing the Falls of Tivoli and the Cascades of Terni from sympathy with weeping Italy. The old habitues coolly armed themselves with the instructive periodical l.teraiuie of the current time— some a Copperfield, some a Pendennh. others a Lancet, others a builder, a Chambers, a Jurist, and so on, till Fox mounted \\\\\s rostrum ; for it is'nt a pulpit, and called out, in that double-bass Buttesini-like voice of his 'One Hundred.' What, the Old Hundretb? You shall judge. Behold ! The kings of old have shrine and tomb In many a minster's haughty gloom; And green along the ocean's side, 1 he mounds arise where heroes died ; But show me on thy flowery breast, Eanh ! where thy nameless martyrs' rest ? Anil so on, through the two remaining stanzas of Mrs Hematis's glorious lines. By the ghost of Rienzi, as these inflammatory couplets were trolled out, if your correspondent did'nt mentally entertain himself in clutching, with all the affectionate tenacity of a patent rat-trap, the windpipe of his excellency, the Austrian ambassador, Baron What's- hiri-name, 7, Chando*. street, Cavendish-square. But how do you think your representative felt when the cho:r, at the co.n maml of Fox, gave utterance to the muse of Camp bell, in the verses of which this is the refrain :— Applauding in the conqueror's path Our voters ne'er shall be: But we hive hearts :o honour those Who bade the world go free ! And, again, from Coleridge, in this fashion :— Praise to the heroes who struck for the right, When freedom and truth we.e defended in fight : Of blood-shedding hirelings- the deeds are abhorred, But the patriot smites with the sword of the Lord! Sir, it would be perhaps dangerous to say more than this ; that if, at the moment we are speaking cf. or immediarely after ; Baron Brunow, of Ashhurnham House. Dover-street, Piccadilly, chief imp to Nick, had been within reach of a certain Alpaca umbrella, Mr Calcraft, principal suspender to her majesty, would have had a job that would put an end to your metropolitan gossip, at an expense to the country of about four-aud-a half yards of hemp— no doubt Russian hemp, and he hanged to it Seriously, how ever, the verses qHoted, chosen from the ordinary * Hymns nnd Anthems' of the chapel, were selected with wonderful propriety for the occasiou, and no less so was the poetical finale after the 'cetmon;' but further extract here is inexpedient. The dis course itself was a magnificent thing in its way— nut at all as declamatory as yon might infer from such a prelude: — quite the contrary. Indeed the close logic of Fox's rhetoric almost always prevents it de- generating into declamation ; and he never by any chance indulges in a clap trap, or h maudlin bourge oisie sentimentality — vices from which neither Brougham nor D'lraeli — the only speakers fit to be named with him— is by any means free, at bent of times. The ouly strain of vituperation he gave way to was in reference to the calumnies about the liberal continental leaders being plunderers; when, after putting the facts in the real light, and recapitulating the extraordinary self-sacrifices and self-control of Mazzini, Garrihaldi, Kossuth, Bern, and the rest, lie wound up a burning invective against their traducers by declaring that the English oligarchy had robbed us of more in one year by cla*s legislation than all that had been lost to the people of all Europe by the selfishness of their chief* since the flight of Lout* Philippe. This produced a sensation that found vent in a furious peal of applause among themajurify of the * strangers' — a solecism in a place of worship that seemed considerably to amaze others ; an i, re marking thereupon, Fox took occasion to make the only observation that fell from htm as to the peculiar religious tenets of which he is the exponent. He said that the usual members of that community were of those who regarded the universe as God's temple, the human heart it* most glorious altar and sympathy with the oppressed and succour of the distressed as the worthiest offerings that could be laid ou the shrine of a beneficent deity, &c.; &c.; ' Though so long announced, the discourse was evidently iu great pirt impromptu— an impression of your correspondent's confirmed on application to Fox's brother, the publisher, in Paternoster- row. who ie peated a fact, tolerably well known in literary circlet, that he never commits bis thoughts tb paper before hand for such purposes. Hence bis lectures and speeches suffer greatly, en heing reported even when revised by himself*. But Fox's oratory is of that class whose subtle spirit seems altogether to elude stenography, though assuredly its acknowledged at tractiveness to thinking hearers owes nothing to the aitistic graces of elocution, harmony of voice, nobi lity of presence, or ii»pres«iveness of aspect : — it Is in f pile of the want of all the«e that it exeici-es its potency ; and thus, it is .that the more frequently he is Heard the inure he is admired by those capable of j appreciating him, and the l«sss by'thofe';deJflcient in such perception. The latter seemed a' very small fractiou of Sunday's audience, juJgingby the collec. tion at the doors, amounting to nearly £60, exclu sive of a considerable sum contributed to the' re fugee fund in another form by a portion of those present. . , ' Fox argued that the obvious cause of all tht recent disturbances throughout Europe wan, that the popular mind had entirely outgrown institutions suited only to a comparatively feudal, primitive, and patriarchal state of society ; and that, to use bis own beautiful and expressive figure, the wings of the chrysalis having expanded within the cocoon, nature would ultimately assert its immutable supre- - macy, however brute ignorance and barb irian force might fur tbe moment repress its development.' 