PRESBYTERIAN MARRIAGES. (Continued.) qua et constitutiones appellantur. The Common Low of England I take to be the law of nature. The customary law of England I consider to be the aggregate of those positions of law, which from their character, we see mint have originated by enactment, hut of which the recorded memom't are lost. The threefold division of English law I have before mentioned is, therefore, equivalent to the more scientific two-fold division expressed by Dr. Taylor, in his Elements of Roman Law. " AH law is either natural or instituted. Natural law is the rule and dictate of right reason, showing the moral deformity or moral necessity there is io any act, according to its suitableness to a reasonable natore. •The power or authority which gives this law a sanction is the voice of God, through natural reason. Positive, voluntary, ins.itued law, is that which does not flow from the general condition of human nature, bnt has for its objects \- things merely indifferent, and is fouuded on the sole pleasure of the lawgiver, who is some person or persons authorised fcr that purpose : so that the division of law is into natural and instituted." Hence it appears to me, that the customary and statute law of England comprise a body of instituted law peculiar to that country, and that the common law of England is the law of nature, which is universal to all mankind. To show that the common law of England is identical with that of nature, and also that English law is either natural or instituted, •I will now endeavour shortly to explain the process, by which the legal result from a given state of facts is ascertained, i|i (he ordinary administration of justice. 'A 'dispute arises. The litigants submit the facts to the determination of a Court. In the natural course of procedure, the Judges enquire whether there is any positive enactment that can embrace, or known position of law which must govern, the facts submitted to them. If such ru e or statute can be discovered, the dispute is decided by it, and the decision becomes an exposition of positive law, and passes into a precedent. But if no such statute or rule of positive law can be found, the next investigation is, whether such a state of facts has before received a judicial decision. If such decision can be discovered, it is in .general immediately applied, unless it is -manifestly repugnant to reason. But if so combination of facts identical with th^t before the Court can be discovered, a similarity may nevertheless be observed between the relations of the facts disputed, and of others that have re reived the determination of a Court. In such •an event, the Judges resort to the argument by analogy, aud apply to the case before them the same decision as was awarded upon the former combination. If, however, no rule or statute can'be produced, and no decision upon identical or anaolgous circumstances can be discovered, the Judges are obliged to resort to the dictates of their natural reason, and to those eternal maxims of right and wrong which con- stitute the first truths of legal science ; and their conclusions are founded on a full consideration of what is reasonable and just for the disputants to perform* Upon occasions in which facts thus re- ' ceive a first determination, the law is said to be declared,; and is deemed not to be then created, but to have existed for ever in the abstract, until it was discovered in the disputed facts ; and a proposition of law thus concreted assumes its place in the body of rational jurisprudence, and stands as a precedent for future occasions. The validity of these decisions is asserted by the Judges, as being logical deductions from some acknowledged premises of natural justice ; and such decisions, and others grounded on them, are the principal evidence of what is the common law. With regard to Mr. Bentham's observation, that the law so declared is made by the Judges, and in all instances ex postjacto, it is certainly correct that it is only discovered and asserted by the the Judges, a'ter facts are submitted to their decision. But that is no valid reproach to it; fur the Judges defide, according to their conception of the reason of each case submitted to them, and their decisions obtain the vigour of iaw by genera] acquiescence in their rea-. . V sonableness. For when decisions are unreasonable, they are generally attacked with such severity of criticism, that the Judges ate induced to recede trom the positions they have laid down. Thus the well-known decisions by Lord Mansfield of certain cases, which arose before him in the King's Bench, upon principles which were peculiar to the equitable jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, were canvassed with such acrimony and justice by Junius, by Fearne, and others, that the courts subsequently declined to act upon them ; and thus those decisions were wrenched from the law, into whose body they were ^intruded. More recent decision* of the King's Bench, that the surrender of a term might in certain cases be presumed, were commented upon by Sir Edwa d Sugden and others with such severity and leason, that the same court receded from the law they had laid down, by their udgment in the case of Doe v. Plowman, 2 B. and Adol. 573. That the decisions of the Judges obtain the force of law, not by their intrinsic reasonableness alone, but also from geueral acquiescence, is manifest, from the circumstance that some decisions, «hich are demonstrably unsound, are yet adhered to by the courts, because they have been acted on so long, that the public have been accustomed to re- gulate their transactions on their authority. Thus it is observed in the note io Vn. Win. Saunders, vol 2, 64 f. " that though the decision of Whitcomb v. Whiting was considered by the King's Bench to be haid, and ought not to be extended, it is nevertheless now settled l*w, as it has been upheld in numerous instances." In Crease v. Saule, 2 Q. B. 882, the Court of Exchequer C hamber appears to have rather submitted to a series of four cases, extending over half a century, than to have acquiesced in the propriety of those decisions. Whether, therefore, in all'cases decisions are reasonable or not, it seems clear that they are pronounced by the Judges and received by the community, on conviction that they are reasonable, and the probability of course is, that they arc eminently correct. On the whole, therefore, it would seem, that the majority of the last mentioned decisions of the Judges have become law, because their conclusions have, by those on whose legal learning the public relies, been perceived to be equivalent to certain other propositions—immediately appreciable by the natural reason of mankind. By such last mentioned decisions all men may know the law which is propounded by them, for " we are said to know the law, when we apprehend the reason of the law ; that is, when we bring the reason of the law so to our own reason that we perfectly understand it as our own." Such being the mode of discover'ng and asserting the law, which must (in the absence of specific provisions or known usages) guide disputed facts, it is obvious that the law so discovered, must have existed even from eternity ; for the relations (to adopt the seeming paradox of Montesquieu) must have arisen b?fore the objects related. " Particular intelligent beings," says Moijtesquieu, " may have laws of their own making, but they have some likewise which they never made. Before there were intelligent beings they were possible; they had therefore possible relations, aud consequently possible laws. Before laws were made there were relations of possible justice." This portion of the Law of England is therefore the law of nature, and is consequently common to all mankind. " Singulorum autem hotninum multis modis res Jiunt ; quarundam en-m re r um dominium nancisimur jure naturali, quod, sicut dix.- mus, appellator jus gentium." This pottion of the Law of England must therefore now be, anda'.ways must have been, that of all mankind—the same in ancient Rome and Athens, in modern London aiH in Sydney. Nec erit alia lex Rotnce, alia Athcnis, alia nunc, alia posthac; sed et emnes gentes et omni tempore una lex et sempiterna et «*- mutabilis conlinebit ; unusque erit communis qnisi magUter et imperator omnium dius. It is the reason of mankind, and " i«s voice is the harmony of the world." From its universa'ity it is the'birtbright of every man, and therefore of every Englishman wherever he may be ; and more particularly so when he is in Britain or its dependencies. This law of nature, whether it is the whole or only a portion of the common law of England, must necessarily be applicable to this colony of New South . Wa'cs. \ I Before quitting this part of the sub- | jeet, I may remark,-that some positions of the candfl andAclvil law are reckoned as parcel of the c#nrnon law of England. Such positions are so *;iincorporated, not from any peculiar fore® of their own, but from their consistency With that Aatipral reason, which is, as I conceive, tle^ssence of the common law. Varils : =usages, moreover, according to Lord Ifa'e, are to be reckoned as a portion of tlie common law. though we know that they must have originated by statutes, because the memorials of their commencement have been lost. But if, when a statute is made in one century and lost in the next, so much of it as is remembered shall be classed with the common law, it by no means follows that when the memorial (as those of the ordinances ot Edmund and Lanfranc have been) is recovered, its provisions shall be esteemed as a portion of the common law. Though usages may be classed with the lex non scripta, for more conveniently distinguishing them from extant statutes, they clearly appear to my mind to partake more of the nature of the statute than the common law^/i being matters obviously not of the natural law, which is common to all nations, but of the instituted law, which is peculiar to England. From the method of discovering the common law, it is evident that its spirit is essentially the .consideration of the public advantage ; tor, in the resolution of cases of the first impression, the courts must proceed as in matters cf pure ethics, and decide according to their views of general consequences. On the other hand no community is ever likely to sanction a decision, that is perceived to be more advantageous to individuals than the majority. It is a leading maxim of the common law, that " a private mischief is preferable to a public inconvenience." Having, as 1 conceive, now established that the law of EngUud is either natural or instituted, and that the former is the common law of all manfc nd, and is therefore applicable :o all communities ; the first question for consideration is whether the English taw of marriage, which arose out of khe ecclesiastical constitutions mentiopefl by Lord Cottei.ham, is pascel of the natural or of the instituted tow. I amj£f opinion, that by the law of nature ft* contract p<r te ba d: preesssnii was in England, before any statutes were enacted, effectual as a marriage. F. r positive laws ara the creatures of societv, of which marriage is the foundation. « The Lord God said, it is not good tha< the nun should be "lone ; I will make a I meet for him.' " And the rib which the Lord God hath taken from the man made h» a woman, and brought her unto the man." Marriages, there/ore, existed before instituted law; a^d the manner of their celebration, and the duties arising cut of the relation, must in the brgin ning have been a matter of natural law. Before the existence of prescribed regulations for the celebration of marriages, the relation must have been constituted solely by the agreement of the parties ; a- d although, from the passage I have cited, and from many others in the Holy Scripture?, it may be inferred that a religious solemnity is decorous for a mar* ringe, yet in no part of the Bible, that I can remember, (or have after enquiry been able to ascertain), is such a testimony laid down as essential to the matrimonial state, I have read with g»eat attention the article " Mntrimonium," in Smith's Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities, from which it appears that though in Greece sacrifices were offered before, and a marriage feast was held after it, the marringe was nevertheless effected without either publicity or the intervention of a priest. From the same article it clearly appears, that though, with-aviewto the acquisition by their children of certain offices, persons were in Rome sometimes married by a religions ceremony, yet that there were two other kinds of valid matrimony, ia which such solemnity was not observed. It is, I believe, an acknowledged fact, that before the Council of Trent, marriages were always on the continent of Europe considered to be valid without any religious celebration. The usage, therefore, of the Jewish, Greek, and Roman nations in ancient times, and the custom of mt d?rn continental Europe, to contract marriages without the intervention of a pries', are evidence that no religious cetemony is necessary, by that portion of the law of England, which is the reasonable and inferential law of all mankind. After the decision in the Queen v. Millis, I will not veeture to say that the case of Dalryonple v. Dalrymple is conclusive, that the common iaw of England did not require the intervention of a priest to make a marriage valid fcr all purposes; tut I think I hnte clearly shown, at all events that the Qieen v. Millis is a decision not upon the law of nature, bnt merely npou the law anterior of the Marriage Act oJ George II, wl ich was obviously founded upon the positive ordinances which are the fouudation of Lord Cottenh&m;'s judgment. The law of marriage, in England, anterior to the Marriage Act of George If, being (whether regarded as part of the statute, or customary law) a portion of the instituted law of England, we must next consider whether it is applicable to the circumstances and condition of this colony. That question involves a discussion of the principles by which we must, in all cases, adjudicate upon the applicability to this colony of the positive law of England. I believe it has been considered by some, that a statute is inapplicable to a colony which has not the machinery to carry out its provisions ; and the inapplicability of the English Bankrupt Acts has been placed upou that ground. But though the want of means to carry out its provisions may, in some instances, be regarded as decisive against the application of a statute, no general rule, upon such a reason can be laid down ; inasmuch as this court has applied the Statute of Uses (27 Henry Vllf, c. 10) t) this colony, though the places for enrolment are, by the Statute 27 Henry VIII, c. 16, fixed to be in England. It appears to me that it would have been monstrous, when the feudal (as inex* tricably interwoven with the common) law became the la\v of real property in this colony, that so valuable a portion of the system of conveyancing as the Statute of Uses should have been held inapplicable, because there were not here the offices for enrolment, which are appointed by the last mentioned statute. It was a manifest advantage in the infancy of the colony, that its inhabitants should have their landed properly regulated by the settled law of real property as developed in England ; and this court may have anticipated, that such publicity as was afforded against secret conveyan- ces, by the statute 27 Henry VIII, c. 16, would be thereafter provided, as has been since done by the colonial authorities. Some other reason must be, therefore, sought, for the solution of the question we are considering, than the mere deficiency of machinery ; and it occurs to me that the applicability to this colony, of any pottion of the instituted iaw of England, must depend on the similarity of i s spirit to that of the natural law, which is the birthright of every British colonist, as being common to all mankind in all places. Now, as the spirit of naiural law is universal applicability, and as we have seen it is discovered and declared by the proper exercise of human reasoning upon general consequences, I think that no statute or other portion of the positive law of England should be adjudged applicable to this colony, unless this court should think its provisions of more extensive than merely local benefit, aud such a3 the colonial legislature would by its own ordinance declare applicable to this dependency. For, as by the statute 9 Geo. IV. c. 83, s. 24, this court, as often as a doubt arises before it as to the applicability of an English law or statute, whereon the local legislature has made no declaration, is invested with a kind of legislative power, the principle that should be pnrsurd by the court in so virtually making a local iaw (whereby something is added to or taken f:orn the natural law) is, that we should take care that, t' ough the innovation may not observe the law of nature in all things, still that the former should not altogether violate the latter; that it should be a law, which though not applicable to all places as the law of nature is, should be so far like it as to be expedient for most people in the colony. Jus uno modo dicitw, quod omnibus aut pluribm in quaque civitate utile est, ui est jus civile. Hence, statutes which appear to be as useful to the colonists of New South Wales, as to the inhabitants of England, such as the Statutes of Frauds, Uses, Limitations, and others, have always been regarded as applicable to this territory. On the other hand, statutes like the Apothecaries Act and others, which appear to have arisen from peculiar circumstances in England, and which evince no palpable advantage to this community, have in this court been adjudged to be inapplicable. Admitting, as every Christian is likely to allow, and every decent woman will certainly insist, that in nil communi ies it j isd:sirable that regulations should be j made for the prevention of clcndts'ine j marriage", and believing that the gene- j rality of mankind will alwavs desire to ' perform that contract with the solemnities of religion, the question is whether the natural law should be restrained, and j those most desirable objects be < ffecred in this colony according as they or'g'nally were in Enghnd by the ordinances of Edmund and Lanfranc. I am clearly of opinion, that the court ought not to adjudicate that the Marriage Law of Eng . land, which was fcmnded oo those ordinances, is applicable to the circumstances of this colony. Fcr, on consideration of the statute of 9 Geo. IV c. 83, sec. 24, 1 think this court ran only declare sach portions of English law applicable to this co'ony, f.s the Colonial Legislature woold declare to be applicable by ordinances to be by them for that purpose mad?. I am satisfied that the Legislature of this colony, (representing a community comprising Roman Catholics, Hebrews, and persons professing the opinion of the Church of England, and other Protestant religionists), would not and ought not at this advanced age of the British Empire, in a cokny where there is no Church established as in tfngland, to declare applicable to its circumstances and condition a marriage law, which originated ia the circumstance of England 900 years ago, when the whole population professed the Roman Catholic religion, a law which was found so inapplicable to the condition of England after the Reformation, that a marriage by a deacon of the Church ot England came to be considered a* effectual, as one celebrated by a priest of the Church of Home ; a law which was so offensive to Che feelings and consciences of Protestant Dissenters, and caussd such heart-burnings and excitement in England, that the British Legislature virtually declared it inapplicable to the condition of Great Britain and Ireland in these times, by enacting the recent statutes for the registration of births, deaths, and marmges; a law which the legislature of this colony, by enacting the local law 5 Wm. IV. No. 2 (the draftsman of which evidently inr.agioed that the English Mariiags L*ws were in force here), hAS shown to be inapplicable to New South Wales—a law which would compel every Methodist, Qu»ker, and Jew, to be married (un'ess his case could be brought within the 5 Win. IV. No. 2,) by a clergyman of either the Church of Rome or England. Such a law is, I think, toj inconsistent with the religious equality existing in this colony, to be by us adjudged app'ic.ible tc its condition. Being of opinion, then, that the decision in the Queen v. Millis rests upon positive law, which is not applicable to lhi3 colony ; and as it has by this Court been decided that the Marriage Acts of Geo. II. and Geo. IV. are also inapplicable to the colony, ar.d as no ordinance has been made by fke colonial legislature, for the purpose of declaring the applicability to this colony of the English Marriage Laws, the only question of statute law which remains, is one arising out of the colonial Act, 7 Wm. IV. No 6, intituled, " an Act to prevent clandestine marriage?, and to provide for the issuing of licenses." The question is this—has the 3rd section of that Act (not by declaration or adoption of any English law), but by its own new enactment, invalidated as marriages matrimonial contracts per verba de prmenti. For by lh*t section it is enacted, " that in no case whatsoever shall any suit or proceeding be had in any Ecclesiastical Court, in order to compel a celebration of any marriage in facte eccieMce, by reason of auy contract of matrimony whatsoever, whether per verba de prcstenti or per verba de juturo, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding." This section follows the 13th section of the English Marriage Act, and the 3rd section of the Statute 58 Geo. III. c. 81. The last mentioned enactments appear to me (having reference especially to the remarks thereon by the Lord Chancellor, and by Lord Cottenbam, at pages 871 and 890 of 10 CI. and Fin.) not to have mwly enacted (for in such event there could have been no difficulty whatever in the case of the Queen v. Millis) that matrimonial contracts, by words de frceseati or de futuro, should thereafter be invalid as marriages, but that the Spiritual Courts in England and Ireland should not interfere with them. For, in England and Ireland, the Spiritual Courts appear to have usurped the power of declaring matrimonial contracts to be very marriages, notwithstanding the positive Saxon laws to the contrary, of more ancient date than the canon law. under which the Spiritual Courts acted. The effect of the Imperial enactments mentioned was not to make new laws, but to revive and enforce the law of the land as established by the Saxon ordinances. The last mentioned statutes appear to me not to have newly enacted, that the matrimonial contracts therein mentioned should thereafter be invalid, but to have prevented the Courts Spiritual from giving them a validity by force of the canon law, in opposition to the more ancient law of the realm as established by the Saxon ordinances ; which had altered the law of nature by requiting marriages to be solemnised by the intervention of a mass priest. The history of this portion of the law seems to me to be as follows t—»• By the law of nature (as has been shown) contracts of matrimony per verba de prcesenti were originally in England actual marriages. That law was altered by certain Saxon ordinances requiring in marriage the intervention of a priest. Then- the Courts Spiritual notwithstanding this alteration, in effect revived the natural law, by avoiding a second legal marriage, aud enjo ning the public celebration of & former contract, when such existed; which interference the statutes 26 Geo. II. and 58 Geo. III. prohibited, and so re- established the alteration of the law j of nature. As, therefore, the wording of the Colonial is identical with that of the Imperial enactments, it follows that if there had been in this colony a Court Spiritual, acting in this matter as those in England and Ireland, the only operation of the colonial enactment would have been, to revive whatever was the law in this territory before the institution of that court. And the effect cannot be greater, because there is no Ecclesiastical court in which it can operate directly. Ilence, I am of opinion, that the marriage of the prisoner by Dr M'Garvie (though it has obtained neither validity nor invalidity by force of the colonial Act 5, W. IV. No. 2), is nevertheless as good as the marriage solemnised by tVlr. Brigstocke. For the efficacy of marriages in this colot.y depends, not upon any portion of the instituted, but on the natural law of England. According to that last mentioned law marriage is constituted by consent. Notwithstanding the several colonial enactments before mentioned, I conclude that ihe first marriage of the prisoner iu the presence of M r. Brigstocke, and also the second (but for the consideration of the former) ceremony before Dr. M'Garvie, were valid by the law of nature, as being " nuptias per verba de praesenti;" and (though stnetity and decency were imparted to them) that neither of those marriages required any greater legal efficacy, from the iriterven ion of those reverend gentlemen respectively. I am therefore clearly of opinion that the prisoner was properly convicted of bigamy, and that he should receive the sentence of the law for that offence. A ROMAN CLERGYMAN AND A FRENCH OFFICER'S BRANDY.—A great expose took place at Aibano three days ago, which not a little amused the French quartered in that town, as well as the Alhanese themselves; and I can warrant the correctness of the anecdote, having received it from one of the parties concerned, an officer of the 17th Regiment, in garrison at Aibano. Two officers, who lodge in the house of M. B—, the late pope's master of the ceremonies, having found their provision of lump sugar and brandy disappear far more rapidly than their own consumption warranted, suspected and subsequently accused their military servant of illegally getting his fingers into the cupboard. The orderly indignantly repelled the charge, and resolving to clear his reputation by the detection of the real culprit, hid himself under the bed after his master went out the following morning. It appears that Monseigneur B—had the run of the house in his quality of landlord, and went on the principle— If we're too scrupulously just, Wbai profit's iu a place of trust ? Accordingly, in he stalked, to the great surprise of lh« watchful orderly, and repaired at once to the cupboard, where he filled his pockets with sugar, $md one lump placed in his mouth, aiding its solution by a prolonged application to the brandy bottle, after which ceremony, gravely executed, the worthy prelate returned to his own apartments. The officer, to whom the circumstance was immediately reported, was unwilling to credit it without personal observation; ne therefore occupied the orderly's post under the bed the next day, and with a similar result the denouement being that he popped out from his hidingplace just in time to congratulate Monseigneur upon his sweet tooth. Thuscaught " flagrante delicto," the unfortunate devotee of the brandy bottle endeavoured to mutter some excuses, but was dismissed by the Frenchman with a contemptuous "Monseigneur, vous etes un voleur; sortez de machambre !" This mortifying humiliation was not the only chastisement which awaited the prelate—he was soon after seized with 'severe vomiting, the brandy having been purposely dosed that morning with tartar emetic, and the cause of his illness was not slow in spreading all over the town of Aibano.— Roman Correspondent of the DAILY NEWS. An American voyager to San Francisco, depicting the sufferings he experienced, states that, whilst at sea, the drunken commander of bis ship " fcr twelve hours boxed the compass round a speck of dirt on his chart supposing it to be an island." From the report of the Rev, J. Clay, we learn, that, at Preston, in one week, twenty-one druggists sold 681bs. loz. 5£drs. of Godfrey's cordial, infants' preservative, syrup of poppies, opium, laudanum, and paregoric. SERVANTS IN AMERICA.—Complaints were often made to us of the difficulty of finding, or of Keeping when found, good servants in the States; and amusi g anecdotes were told of the independence of American helps in this " land of liberty." Thus, "a green mountain boy" of Vermont ehgaged himself to a family in town ; there was an evening party at the house, and he came in with a tray : seeing some ladies sitting talking in a corner which he could not conveniently reach, he called out, " Hullo, gals I how are you off for cream and sweetenin ?*' Being directed to light a fire in the morning in the parlour, when the mistress came down she found him sitting in a chair with his feet up, and reading the newspaper ; without rising, he cried, pointing to the fire, " Isn't that a roarer 1— Travels in America. AN AMIABLE SPECULATOR.—In 1785 Mr. Atkinson, said to be an adventurer from the north, was a great speculator. That he acted with judgment may be gathered from the fact of his dying possessed of half-a-million. A carious, but not a parsimonious man, he occasionally performed eccentric actions. Daring one of the.pauses in a dinner conversation he suddenly turned to a lady by whom he sat and said, "If you, madam, will trust me with £1,000 for three years I will employ it advantageously." The character of the speaker was known ; the offer so frankly made was as frankly accepted, and in three years to the very day Mr. Atkinson waited on the lady with £10,000, to which amount the sagacity of the cit : zeo had increased the sum entrusted to him.— Chroniclee and Characters of the Stock. Exchange. IRKSOME NATTJRS •OF IDLENESS. Ennui is an idle ghost, harbouring under ottomans and sofas, fond of a drtssing gown, and delighting ia breakfasts at n.i J-day ; and a most irksome ghost—a sort of serial cuttle, shedding inky gloom into the atmosphere, and blackening the brightest skins; a moral Remora frustrating existence) and leaving clever and accomplished people, without an object, and without an effort, becalmed on a carpet, and spsll bound on a woollen sea. Mr. Robert Montgomery Martin has calculated that, of £50,000,000 of taxes, two millions and a half of rich people pay £11,530,000 ; eight millions of the middle classes pay £25,440,000; and fourteen millions of the working classes pay £13,030,000. Since the year 1842, 2,310 steamboat have been built ia the United States.* It is said that there are now about 60,000 members of the French Legiotnt of Honour. The cultivation and manufacture of mustard and coffee is being introduced into Canada. The English -savings* banks have now a capital three times exceeding that of the Bank of England. A Florence correspondent of the Morning Chronicle estimates the number of Roman Catholics in Europe, exclusive of Great Britain and Ireland, at 92,250,000. 