Miscellaneous. Titx.rIfT.,qr TjiE MAXNtNGs.--The bodies of the , two. convicts were placed in shells, sftex cssta of the heads and of tb? brain of each had been taken, and in the evening both were uepoiiieq.tu a grpyg , prepared for them in Uie, corridor leading from the,!. yard to. the chapel. The coffin "wa partially filled with lime in order to insure an early decay : of< the ' remains; this plan being invariably- adopted within the wells bf 'a -prison . The phrwiologicsl developement /Of-ibo! heads- is? ."said to agree in a very remarkable .fnpnner with thq, character of , the conv'icti'as at pre sent ; known ; and Mr. , Donovan, who has prepared the synopsis, will: shortly publish the resa't of his examination for the information pf the more curious in matters It. will have been re- msj-k«d tbat Manning stated , that his wife/was an Atheist, and her belief was, that, after -death the living individual became a lamp of clay. How far this may be true it is perhaps difficult to say : but one tbing'ls certain, viz., that the wretehed woman ' exhibited no Atheistical feelings during ber confine ment in Horeemonger-iaae Gaol. She was alwavs punctual in her. attendance at chapel, and, as far as outward form could indicate the fact; she was imbued with religious feeling. In ber letter addressed to her guardian, Mid written only a few days before her execution, hs expresses very confidently - her hops of obtaining in another world that mtrey which had been refused to bsr in this, It is worthy of remark that he thus commenced it t— " The Qaseq liks all her judges has a heart of rock, and it is determined that I shall die," She then goes on to state that ehe has been mat. dered by her hatband, and that be wdnld have to answer to. God for her blood. This statement is not very consistent with her apparently affectionate conduct to Mooning in tbe chapel and on the acaAsM; hot this again may be another phase in ifae eeheme of hypocrisy, -in duced by. a desire to create an impression at her innocence. The whole of the property found in the possession of Maria Manning, and that discovered st the, South-Eastern Railway station, still remains io the hands of Iuspectpr Yates, and. Barton, the police constable. The, latter holds only a few trifling articles ; but'the former-'hst property in the police | station said. to be worth nearly £210;' Mr Burns; Manning's soUcitqr, fra'laid an embargo on the whole of it, by a snit against Manning for money lent in ae:< fending him.; and.the Secretary of. State liai directed it to be detained uhtil the bil( nLcosts .be. sent in. .The property will be sold in'the couue aL a few days, aud, after paying Ahs-l«gai gentleman who defended the convicts, the.surplu will be banded over to Mr. Edmund 'Manning,- the brother.- Among the pro perty are. several valuable satin dresses, alnumber of lace veils, ruffles, two gold watches, some French Ronsesworth £70, and a large assortment of female wearing ajiparel. - The property which belonged to O'Connor is being administered toby his brother, and will shortly be given up. ! A Singular Duel.— The following, anecdote narrated by a Bromberg paper (Grand Duchy Posen) cannot fail to gladden the hearts of the Universal Peace Association. It is to be regretted that the names of- the parties are not given in order that the actors might re ceive the association medal; "Two young men, members of a political club at Bromberg, fell into dispute upon the German question. Una, an uncom promising German unionist, argued that, much as he loved his native land (Prussiajhe loved Germany infinitely more ; that , unless German unity could be accomplished, Prussia would be lost; and therefore "he declared himself against all specific Prussian-doms, and consequently against the Prussian cock-, tide, its symbol. The other, who is what is called, a stock-Preussier, (Prussian to the back bone) took fire at the last words which he regarded as ah instilt to the Prussian cockade and colours, and so, in -lieu of arguments, he retorted by "saying Sir, you are a pitiful fellow.' Whereupon the Unionist, though vexed at seeing his argument thus uncivilly cut short, bowed calmly and said, ' I - never renlv to an insult by insults ; - but you shall hear from' me.' .. After.. twenty- Four hours' consideration,- and in perfect .harmony. with the maxims of universal peace, ;he sat down and, addressed the fallowing letter .to h:s antagonist:— " Sir, your yesterday's instill demands satisfaction.: but as I am a married man I/do 'not choose to set my life on a chance. ..I. therefore propose that we (ball fire with pistols at— a mark— in toe presence oi our seconds, ana wno. eyer makes the best shot shall receive one hundred dollars share, bearing five per cent, interest, in the Voluntary Loan. By this means you can satisfy your patriotism and my honour. — Yours, Sec." . The Prussian laughed in his sleeve at this singular challenge — more singular than the beer duels of university students — and accepted it; little displeased, however, to change his 1 pitiful", opinion of .the challenger. Well, out they went, seconds and all. to the shooting ground, - and as it was declared that both were unpractised sjiots, the chances were equal. So, after measuring distance, aud loading pistols, with all the gravity of a mur- edrous conflict, pop went the chal lenge:, and hit the bull's-eye, and bang went the challenged . and missed the target; whereupon the seconds inter fered, and condemned the loser to book up, and there that affair ended, to the universal merriment of the otherwise pugnacious town of Bromberg. T ; Hints from the. Tavern Waiter's Ready Reckoner, — Waiter, Yes, Sir. \Vhat have I tQ_pay? — Pay. Sir; what have you had Sir?— Chops.— One hilling. Anything else Sir 1 — Potatoes, -r-Taters,.2d.; that's fourtin pence, Sir. Any bread jSir I — Y es. — Bread ,1 d . Sir ; and Is. 4d. is sixteen pence, and one .is 17, and 17 pence is one and seven j pience, Sir. How many goes off Brandy, i Sir 7— Two,— Two, Sir, that's 14 j pgnce. One and four, Sir, and one and j s?ven, and one and one is two, and four j apd seven is eleven.; that's two and ojie is three and a penny. Anything, else, Sir? — No. There are four shil lings, Sir, — Thank you, Sir. " Coming Sir, directly." I Febrilb Causes or Ukaccountable Alarm. — During the fatal epidemic of lpi 3,'an officer at Gibraltar remarkable for cool courage and talent for. mechani cal inventions, hut. utterly destitute of ideality, and who, from former expert- i ence, thought himself proof against the ' prevalent malady, went out ' as usual about ten otclock on a September night to lock a back door which formed a communication between his own back premises and those- of - his commanding officer, who- occupied , adjoining quar ters. He returned, however, in a few seconds, and told his wife he was afraid of the darkness, and could not summon courage to secure the wicket; being, however, utterly unable to account for a sensation which he had. never before experienced, and ,of which he thought nothing when it departed with the light of the ensuing morning. Next night it recurred, and once more the wicket waa left unlocked. The day following he mounted guard, and was. relieved at the end of twenty-four hours, apparently quite well; but soon after returning home, felt suddenly indisposed, and died in about thirty- four hours. Had he taken medical advice when he first became unaccountably alarmed, it is probable, humanly speaking, his life might have been preserved, It will, in general, I think, be found that persons of the sanguineous temperment see white visions. I have known, for in stance, ideal white., cats and kittens, an unsubstantial white cock, &c;„ indicate mental aberrations, in such subjects. Persons of the bilipus temperment are more liable to see imaginary dark ob jects— from Satan and his legions to cockroaches and black beetles ; whilst it is very possible, as in the case just stated, that unimaginative individuals of, the lymphatic temperment would ; merely experience sensations of terror, I for which they could assign no satisfac tory cause. . Fatal Epfects. of a Sudden Shock to! the Nerves.— A private of "the Royal Marines was found one dark and dismal night in strong convulsions on i .... his po«t at Ijaslnr Hospital., He. was instantly carried to one of the ivards,. and as soon as he had recovered his .senses, delared, that a woman without a hea I and wrapped in a cloak of flame had appeared to him.. Overcome by fear, he fell to the ground, on which the frigntftil spectre turned him over three or four tiroes, and then vanished. The fits frequently occarred, but during his lucid intervals be told the same story rwithout deviation. Notwithstanding eve<y effort to save his life he sank .rapidly, and iff a few days expired. Years passed away, and the poor marine was well nigh forgotten, when one of the nurses finding herself on her death bed, and wishing to make a clean breast, revealed the mystery. On the night in question she had beeo bribed by some of the patients to go to the ton in quest of spirits— far more more pernicious to mortalmsn than most ghosts and goblins. The wind was high and the sky was murky and, :moonle3 ; hut rigged out in an old black bonnet and firey red cloak, with her - lantern held under her mantleshe sallied forthon her evil errand As she approached the sentry, «he saw him stagger and fall, but supposing he was merely overcome by weakness, she hurried to his aid, and sought to raise him. At last she perceived his mistake — and so leaving him to ' come to him self,' she pursued ber way. When she returned to tbe hospital and learnt what had occurred, she felt most anxious to tell the truth ; but still not anticipating any serious result, and fearing of losing her place, she ' kept silence even from good words,' in the hope that all would be right in a few days. When death had closed the scene, there was no use in in forming against herself, and so, like a prudent woman, she kept her secret un til her own turn arrived to cross that ' bourne whence no traveller returns." 