ORIGINAL CORrlBSPQNDBKCK. DR. LANG AND THE BRITISH FLAG. To the Editori, of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN,-In using the language I mado use of about the British flag, at the late public meeting in the Barrack-square, 1 had a strong instinctive feeling that it was such language ns would immediately receive the cordial ap- proval of every genuine Englishman, of cvory man who had the slightest regard for manly freedom and genuine independence. It seems I was not mistaken, for in looking over a few recent numbers of the Brithh Banner, news- paper, I find precisely the same sentiments as those to whicfi I guve utterance at the meeting I refer to, avowed and applauded by two as genuine Englishmen, as enlightened and un- doubted patriots as there are in Great Britain, in their different walks of life, at the present day-I mean the Rev. Dr. Campbell, editor of the British Banner ; and Richard Cobden, Esq., M.P. for the West Riding of Yorkshire. Tho following is an extract of an editorial article, entitled "Earl Grey and the Colo- nies," published in the British Banner, of the 26th December lost : For our own parts, English as our spirits are to the very core, and Roman as Is our patriotism, we most earnestly hope-nay-we pray, that tho first day that witnesses tho Cape, or any of the Australian colonies converted by force into a convict settlement, may be the last day of British connexion ! The sentiment to Avhich I gnvo utterance at tho Barrack-square Meeting had been origi- nally put forth by my esteemed friend and brother, the Rev. Dr. Adamson, of tho Cape of Good Hope, and was simply re-echoed in these manly words by my esteemed friend and bro- ther, the Rev. Dr. Campbell, of London. But lest it should be insinuated, us was done by that innocent sucking politician of six feet high, tho honorable member for Murray, that all these three Ministers, myself included, aro mere demagogues, Jack Cades and republicans, listen to the sentiments expressed at n great public meeting held in Leeds, in the month of December last, by a genuine English patriot, (and no mistake,) Richard Cobden, Esq., M.P. : Mr. Cobden pursue* this quostion of financial economy into its bearing on our system of military Government in the colonies ; ospocially dwelling on the marked prominence given by Sir Hubert l'ecl to the vast expen- diture necessary under this head, lie had otten said that Sir Robert saw the mischief, was endeavouring to direct public opinion to the subject, mid as soon ii opinion would enablo lura to effect a change would be ready to effect it At the Cape ot Good Hope, what ia taking pliiceat this very moment ! " Why, tlieso very men, whom jou have treated as children, incapable of defending themselves ngninst a few untaught savogeo,-' they have proclaimed your own Governor in a state of siege,-Invested jour own troups,-refused to allow them even provisions,-and sent away the Queen's troops, and a ship under tho colours of the Queen, and u cn t receive thom ; and in thoir speeches and letters ti-i loaders ot tho auti-conriot mut eincut don't hesitate to declaro that they aro reariv i»,w , lf "?CCM,,;Ä «K»'»»t "i" whXIo^:1 "rifo»''!». empire. Choar».) Ooia vou i.Ä °'l,1° «'ffi lîiiKliiu pluck about t(lom tHsfc, "&* * 'offl*S a fow untutorod mmii»» » TI,. .. """»'«l»«« mina In Australia. Tl.ov quote t « VT ' »« '« lX« »lui somuorthsso p^le «rehoWÄof **3?l lint» on tho 4lh of July, tim A , s "'tír »"at mai h..l.pçn.lP"co. nionÄmpseVthÄ^AÄ Hiern Hie moro. I think the» would ¿. lr"i-1 '*pS ««roe of Ka» ILhrmm if tho, dhi "ot 1 ".**"* ««S their country MnK made the coïauoô £' "P »«3 population. C;,^,-..; l'«t"l.?î0v[0nr.îur«»'S till», that then, t, "ot. 7t.o .lln,W lr 1 ,hflw * requiring our armies to defendthem." îrC!nit» .» It would seem, however, that« ." -, ¡number of our members of CouncUZ^k stance Mr. Murray, Mr. jZe,\u H* Captain King, lho" AttornoÄ!^ ifiJ'MSrÄp^^riru must submit imt¡enüy-we rLPr°, M» P uko the Capo people, of re«S Ä '5 will of the Sovereign. Now such doctrine may be all well enough for those who live under tho Russian knout and the Turkish bas tinado. But that it can ever find a place under the reformed political system of intelligent Englishmen, I utterly deny. The doctrine of so many of our honorable Councillors is, to use the phraseology of the eloquent Carlyle, downright flunkeyism. I have alluded to Mr. Berry as a person who professes to hold opinions of his own, and who accordingly holds the opinion that it was the flag of Christianity that I spoke of pulling down ! Mr. Berry had left the House when I spoke the second time, in tho course of the transportation debate, on Monday w "a? wiso I might perhaps have told hua flat & sider him he Merry Andrew of taolat tivo Council, and should just as little Ä seriously combating the argumenta "nu Queen s jester, if thora was such anoflk.» tainod under the Crown, as set mwdftoî futo those of Mr. Berry. Mr. BÄ who seems to have been dropped out JZ proper century by some unaccountable mis take. He has somehow been " thrown off the rail.' " and is a whole age behind the "express train of the present day. Hence his out-of- tho-way opinions, which nobody either values or cares for, about convictism, corn-laws, Cob- den and Co., and Christianity. There is no person in this colony who has better reason to speak in favour of the convict system and the system of bygone days gene rally, than Mr. Berry To get ten or twenty thousand acres of the best land in thu colon for nothing, when people equally, if not better, deserving, could get none at all; and to get convict servants in any number and of any description to work it, when other people equally, if not better, deserving, had to stand by. These were the times (deeply and sin- cerely regretted by Mr. Berry, I can well be lieve,) that have bequeathed to us certain scarecrow legislators with whom we shall have to part company by-and-bye,'together with an amount of police and gaol and judicial expen diture, that serves materially to lessen the value of this legacy, as it will press like a nightmare upon the energies of tho colony for many years to come. I %i, Gentleman, Your obedient servant, JOHN DUNMORE LANG. Sydney, October!, 1850. RvMowiiii. SM.IT IN TUB. CAWKBf or Sr. JAMBS s.Mt cannot fail to »observed, that,ia tho debato of Monday (Juni 17,) Earl Ort» Avas sdont, although it peculiarly bchovcJhiá to come forward on such an occasion in tit defence of his colleague, unless he wubed ö to be understood that the Cabinet are not united upon the subject of its foreign policy -the very last thing which ought to be, tri» any Admuiistration, an open question. A Cabinet so divided against itself- if it be so divided, with treason in the Ministerial organ-surely cannot stand. Ministers have greatly to thank themselves for having pre voked this signal defeat: and tho noble ft» sidon* of Uio Council, At ho is the stay sai shield of the Cabinet, ought to insist uuqe an end being put to this unseemly and na satisfactory state of things. What cot» Lord John Russell means to adopt, ù stillt matter of conjecture, Mr. Roebuck gave notice yesterday, that he should this evening put a question to the noble lord at the head of the Government, respecting the course which the Government meant to pursue after tho event of last Monday in another place ; and he hoped that the house would not be unwilling to take into its consideration, on this occasion, the state of the country. Lord John Russell asked tho nature of the question, and afterwards had some conversstion with the hon. and learned member ; but nothing further transpired, "to- night, therefore, we may look for some Minis- terial explanation. We believe that, grossly as the opinions and feelings of this country are belied by that portion of the Metropolitan Daily Press under Foreign influence, that the Daily News correctly interprets, in this respect, the national sentiment; that "the nation at large, were the opportunity given it of expressing its opinion, would scoff at the very notion of its foreign policy being dictated, or in any degree modified, at the bidding of the coalesced jailors of Eastern Europe;"— that "they feel with pride, that, although England has not interfered in the domestic concerns of other states, her example, her countenance, and her sympathy, have been evinced towards every people who have of late years struggled to win their freedom. They know that for thus, and for no other cause, is Lord Palmerston now assailed by the leagued despotisms, who for tho present have crushed Italy, outwitted Germany, and laid Hungary in ashes. The people of England are not blind to tho petty errors of a courageous Minister. They see him beset by every machination of bigotry, violence, and corruption, and they will not be parties to his being made a scapegoat or a victim."-Patriot, June 20. AN AMEKICAN "Dimccx-tr."-The M» Orleans Picayune publishes tlio foUotrinj account of an extempore quarrel and dud «J Macon, Mississippi, which displays a degree« wanton ferocity in the persons concerned! tun characteristic of the inmates of a lawW asylum than the members of any civiH»» community ;-"Wo had im occurrence he» last Wednesday that throw us all in a can pleto flurry. Dr. A. Clemens was shot «« killed by James L. Stanback, a brother of Bet Stanback. The circumstances, I believe; *» these: -Clemens Avas standing at the com« Avhero Lvle keeps store (under the «J Lodge), when Stanback went to Lyle s toa» something for a. customer (he is clerk for H. W. Foote and C0.) when Clemens cursed luman* called him some insulting names, such as -" thief, &c.; Stanback replied he was no mort» thief than Clemens, and returned to hisstor»» remarking that if Clemens wmhed a difficairf to come on his side of the street. StanM« then went up stairs in Foote's store and g«» horseman's pistol, which he had loaded san» j time previous with squirrel shot, to shoot W and laid it on the counter and walked to a»¡ door. As soon as Dr. Clemens saw him COB» to the door, he (Clemens) started across m street and drow his pistol. Stanback u» stepped back and got his pistol, cockedjil, »? took his same station in tho door. Clean» Dreast (,witnm a loot oi n;, "?«. .-- rr "J Clemens fired, Stanback drew to one »««? the ball from the Doctor's pistol entered u» door near the facing. Stanback then tare* himself forward and shot Dr. pfcnf^J" Avholo contents of the pistol entering the u°r tor's right breast, just below the¡jung nnd lodging in a lump in his liver, aT"^ has been discharged by the magistrate,» James Murray. It was the most ^«»K culty I ever knew. Dr, Clemens had never spoken to each other \"ore. J»> Stanback and Clemens, who.wert T«£ law, hada slight difficulty beforo «f f°"T died, and from that circumstance J««MX back and Clemens had never spoken, I bel»"* Clemens lind been drinking. A Ri;poKTr.n IN PETOCOATS.-M». &»» helm, who had acquired some w*T*T^ editor, has turned congress ionaI «K"";,^, is now one of the lions of the Senate.Clumo» The Aii» Engländer says :-?« ^¿gftS eye her askance, and do not seem to rex» nn intrusion upon their gallery, «"«?» care for them," ^ J , number of the native born in a similar position (Cheers.) It was thus clearly shown that the effects of this system, even under all the management of former times, was not to contaminate the youth of the colony. The presence of the convicts had acted on the youth of the colony as the presence of the Helots had acted on the youth of Sparta; it had not excited them to, but deterred them from, crime (Cheers.) Such, then, was the effect of this moral argument on which the hon. and reverend member for Sydney and other honorable members relied. The statis- tics he had read in this, as in the case of other arguments, had proved the absurdity of the inference that the youth of this colony had been in any way contaminated by the prevalence of the convict system in the colony. As to the class distinctions which the hon. member for the Northumberlaud Boroughs so gravely ap- prehended would arise, he thought there was little to be feared on that score. How were these exiles to be known--how were they to be dis- tinguished from the free immigrants, and if not distinguished, how were the class feelings to be revived? The idea of the revival of these distinctions was only a chimera--a bugbear, which the nervous imagination of the hon. member had conjured up to frighten himself out of his propriety. There were many other arguments which had been brought forward during the debate of a similar character, to which he intended to have re- plied; but he found that if he did so, he should have to detain the House some hours longer, but he did not think it was necessary to do so. But, although not much given to quotations, he had found one so very appropriate to this sub- ject, that he should take the liberty of reading it to the House. The extract was from a poem entitled the Genius and the Ghost, and was written by a native youth; and it served at all events to show that, while convictism had not destroyed the morals of his class, neither had it served to dim the brilliancy of their imagina- tions. After some observations deprecatory of the convict state of the colony, the Ghost makes himself known, and says-- Know, then, I am the Ghost of Transportation In answer to the railing against the system which he had heard, he addresses the Genius as follows:-- Vain fool! as weak in head as base of heart, What hand but mine has made thee what thou art? Who first, the wonder of incredulous eyes, From swamps and sandhills bade your city rise? Who this bleak shore's inhospitable waste, With parks and fields and smiling gardens graced-- What magic influence rear'd these trim abodes, Who pierced your forests with these metal roads-- Who through this savage landscape's wild retreats Led your long avenues of busy streets-- Who broke with commerce the diluvian sleep Of this caIm harbour and its tranquil deep-- Who built a nation on this lonely coast, Of a new world the glory and the boast? A convict nation from whose tainted root, Sprang goodly stems and cultivated fruit-- Who those wild gangs to citizens transformed, Their barren souls with novel virtue warm'd, And sent them forth to people the far west, With peace, prosperity, and plenty blest. And then the poet goes on, addressing these self-adulators of their spotless virtue, who shudder at the idea of revived convictism-- But ye who freely sought this southern clime WIthout the badge, if not the taint of crime-- Self-righteous, spotless, calculating host, Who make morality your modest boast, Who point with cool and quiet self-applause, At cherish'd statutes and unbroken laws. Ye virtuous emigrants! who from the brink Of crime and woe so sensitively shrink, Among your saintly myriads are there none Who blush at former crimes in secret done-- Know ye no moment past, however long, When your frail virtue falter'd into wrong-- No time, ere Heavenly mercy bade you mend; When fortune more than virtue stood your friend? Oh think, may not some friend more dear than life-- Some, father, brother, lover, sister, wife, Some cherish'd name that fills the eye with tears-- Read on the pages of departed years; Oh! may not such by strong misfortune driven, Herd with those outcast sons of earth and Heaven-- Oh! may not such beneath some bitter blow Some sudden outrage of capricious woe, Beset by daily want, by daily care, In the hot impulse of his keen despair, Urged by the present wish, the prompting time, Tor once--once only--lift the hand to crime: Then by impatient justice snatch'd and sent To share with crowds their hopeless punishment-- Oh may not such when shivering at the last, That forlorn spirit shudders o'er the past, Upon your cruel heads with grasping breath, Launch the irrevocable curse of Death, From you who bid the wanderer turn away, Aud wrest from hopeless guilt its comfort and its stay. To these pharasaical hypocrites and canting orators, who would hunt to death the unfortu- nate people of this class, he would reply with these beautiful lines. They were written by a youth, born, bred, and educated in the colony, and he hoped the institution which they had so lately founded would lead to the development of similar talent in many instances. He had little more to add on this subject. If in dis- cussing this question he had had to differ with many Avhom he respected as friends, he could not but ie?,retit ; but feeling, as he conscien- tiously Cid, that this waa not now nu open question-feeling that whatever decision they might come to in the proposition before them, that they must have convicts in one shape or the other-that the policy of England was fixed ami determined to force them upon us, cither directly, or by sending them to neigh- bouring penal settlements, he could not avoid the conclusion, that it would be wiser for them to receive them directly with advantageous conditions, thnn indirectly Avith inferior condi- tions. He repeated, that if the English government offered to keep all convicts and criminals from these shores altogether, -that she Avould send them to none of the Australian colonies-his clear and unequivocal reply would be keep your convicts to yourself. But they had not the power to do this-they could not tell the Minister that he should send no convicts to any part of these shores. He would assert the right of the Queen to erect a penal settlement on any unsettled part of her dominions. He would moreover exercise that right, and there- fore he thought it would be better to have the exiles direct under the conditions proposed. He thought they ought to pass the amendment of his lion, friend the member for Camden, if it were only to inform the Minister that they would not receive these exiles on the tenus they offered before. That they would not be content to receive exiles with an equal number of emigrants, but that they must have three free emigrants to each exile. That not only did they stipulote for this, but also for the sur- render ol'the land fund for the purposes of public works, for the maintenance out of the Imperial treasury of all penal establishments which might be consequent upon the system, and particularly that ¡power should be given to the colonists to transport their criminals to Norfolk Island, also at the Imperial expense. If the Amendment had no other recommendation than this, he thought it would be advisable to pass it, as it was clear that the statistory provision to which he had alluded, that every exile to be sent out should be accompanied by a free emigrant, was founded on the resolution they had passed on this subject in 1S48. He thought, therefore, they were bound to tell the Colonial Minister, that they would not accept any exiles at all, except under the stipulations they have offered. If there were any persons in this House more interested than others in throwing out these resolutions, it was the hon. members for Port Phillip. The frightful ex- tent to which transportation was going on in Van Diemen's Laud, and rapid manumission of Srisoners in that colony, exposed the southern ¡Stricts to the influences of convictism of the Yfiry worst description, and they might ieet assured that the English Government Ifould perpetuate the system to that unfortu- nate cvlony until some other penal settlement were established. No man in England better ¿new the evils to which he was subjecting the colony of Van Diemen's Land than the Colo- nial Minister, but he had no help for it. If, however, a penal settlement Avere founded to the north, the Government would cease to Bend convicts to Van Diemen's Land, or at most would send a few, and the effect would be to avert that stream of felonry which was now being poured into the district of Port Phillip. If the honorable members for that district knew the interests of their consti- tuents-if they had their interests sincerely at heart, they would vote against the resolutions of the honorable member from Miller's Point (Mr. Lamb), and support the amendment of Mr. Macarthur. If they should think fit to continue this Btream of contagion from Van Diemen's Land, he could arrive at no other conclusion than that they were proud of it, or that it was too valuable to be given up-that they liked it, and felt it to be necessary for the advancement of the colony. If they were really sincere in their desire to keep their province free from Convict taint, they would vote for the résolu tions of the honorable member for Camden. Another reason why they ought to voto for the amendment was, that if free emigration should not come to this colony-if exiles were sent here-it would be naturally diverted to the free colony of Port Phillip. If. therefore, tlu y were sincere in their wish to promote the interests of the province they represented, he called upon them to give their volo in favour of the nmendment, as it was only by so doing that they could give l effect to the sentiments they had expressed that night. As had been said, "in the course of this debate, attempts had been made to intimidate him in the course he had determined to pursue in regard to this question. This attempt had been made not only by the mob, but by the honorable member who introduced these reRolutions (Mr. Lnmb), who had said that ho (Mr Wentworth) would not dare to vote in favour of the reception of con- victs in the face of the demonstrations of pub- lic feeling which lind been mudo out of doors on the subject. His volo that night would sufficiently answer that observation ; but he would tell the honorable member what he Avould not dare to do Ho would not dare to vote for an abstract proposition, the tendency of which would be towards the resumption of ( transportation-a resolution which could not [possibly have any fffect on the subject re- ferred to. To suppose that upon such a bare resolution the Ministry of England would change the policy necessary for the safety of thirty millions of people, would be to hope against hope, to reason against all experience and all common sense (Cheers ) He should, on this question, vote under strong com- pulsion ; the country was under Btrong compulsion, they were not free agents on this matter, but must submit to the ends which threatened them, whother they liked them or not ; and he therefore thought it better to take them with the conditions, and he should there! ire vote for the resolutions of the honorable member for Camden. If these reso- lutions were not carried, he foresaw plainly that the northern district would be dismem- bered from the colony, and that they would re- ceive the exiles from the penal settlement that' would be erected there. It was these reasons which guided his course on this occasion, and these reasons had not been answered during this debate. It this question had been brought forward in a large and comprehensive view before the Federal Assembly of the Austra- lian colonies, which was soon to be called into being, he admitted that the decision arrived at might have had some effect on tho Home Government ; he thought, even now, the wisest and safest course would be to postpone its further discussion, and remit the whole matter to that body. Then, if they were all as sincerely opposed as he was to transportation in any shape, they might come to a conclusion, that convicts should come to none of these colo- nies ; and to such a decision the Minister might succumb. It vt as to such an assembly as this that a question like this ought to be remitted, as it was a question on which all the colonies were a)ike concerned. If South Australia, Van Die men's Land, and Port Phillip, all agreed with New South Wales, in a common determination not to receive convicts in any shape, there would be some hope that they might accom- plish their end. But the vote of this House' could have no effect whatever with the Minister. He would not care though New South Wales said she would not have his exiles, since Moreton Bay as eagerly said she would. Therefore, he repeated, the question could not bo decided by that House, and if decided at all must be decided by the Federal Assembly. (Hear.) It was in'these views he should give his vote, and he could only say that if he could be moved at all by any outward force, any noisy clamour, or angry vituperation, it would only be to make him cling the more firmly to the opinions he had expressed. Never would he, even in the face of the coming election, pander to the passions and prejudices of a base and unthinking multitude. Ile had known them too well, and known thom too long, to put any trust in their smiles, or to be influenced by their frowns. In his more youth- ful days it had been perhapB his folly to be too fond of popular applause, and to bow too much before the brute multitude ; but if this was the folly of his youth, the honorable,' mover of these resolutions seemed to have beeft inoculated with the same weakness in his -ma turer years. He (Mr. Wentworth) had grown older than he was, and felt that he had been guilty of this folly ; but at all events no one could accuse him of indulging in it in his riper age. He folt that his dnyB were in their Bear and yellow leaf, and perhaps it WHS time that he should retire. It would be well for him to do so : for it might be that he had but time enough left him to make up his accounts before he departed into other scenes. But he would * warn his honorable friend, who seemed to be seeking after the place that he (Mr. Wentworth) now held, that if he wished to be carried into it on the shoulders of the unthinking rabble, who had vented their savage and senseless dis plee-Bure upon him, he would not find his seat the most pleasant or the' most comfortable. He thought that he who had devoted so much of his time to the service of his country, deserved 1 a little retirement. (Cheers.) He felt that at \ his advanced petiod of life, retirement would be more suitable and more congenial to his feeling?. He wanted not to prolong his stay upon the troubled stage of politics, far less would he bend to the multitude toso prolong it. But the hon. member would find if that result to which he was looking forward should take place, that the people who had deserted him (Mr. Wentworth) would also jilt him, and he predicted they would teach him the lesson of their hollowness and fickleness far sooner than they had himself. After thirty years of public life, he was prepared to retire, and he hoped thut, when the time came when the lion, mem- ber was called upon to make the same sacrifice, he would bear it with as much philosophy as he (Mr. Wentworth) should do. For his own part he felt that he had done his duty ; that however much he had erred in judgment, in heart he had never betrayed lier interests, find in the consciousness oí this he could look down with calm indifference on the abuse and j vituperation of the senseless multitude The brutish crowd, whose envious zeal Huzzas each turn of fortune's wheel; And loudest shouts, when lowest Ue, Exalted worth and station high. Mr. M'INTYRE : Much irrelevant matter had been introduced into the present discus- sion. Some members had addreBBed many arguments to the House for the purpose of establishing their own character for consis- tency, but neither the consistency or the incon- sistency of any person in that House or out of the House could affect the merits of the ques- tion at issue. (Hear, hear.) He was opposed to the resumption of transportation, becauBe in addition to the reasons against that resumption which they had already heard, he believed that the grounds upon which such a Btep was de- manded wero really portions of the land ques- tion, and that a return to convictism would im ?ede the equitable settlement of this question, f the waste lands of the colony were sold at a fair price, there would bo no difficulty in creat- ing such a land fund as would import free la- bour sufficient for all the wants of the colony. (Hear, hear.; He could not see the force of the objections which had been so strongly urged against the separation of Moreton Bay. Separation might be equally carried out even if no convicts were to be sent to that place. And so long as convicts were not sent there, he could not see that any evil could result to the middle district from such a separation. Local affairs could be best managed by local autho- rity, and he believed that the United States owed a great deal of their rapid advancement in prosperity to the fact that in each district of any extent there was a distinct executive go- vernment. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the morality of the question, he would not say much. If they were legislating for the whole world, it might perhnpe be very well for them to take what had been termed a " broad view" of the question ; but as they were legislating only for New' South Wales, it was their duty to look to the interests of New South Wales and of its people. (Hear, hear.) Mr. EBDEN would not take up the time of the House by entering into any argument upon the question at issue. He was anxious, however, to inform the hon. and learned mem- ber for Sydney, that the arguments of the latter, ingenious as they were, had failed to convince him that he ought to vote in favour of trans- portation. Tho evils which had been depicted as resulting to Port Phillip from the influx of ' : . \ \ i convicts, to which that splendid province had already been subjected, were such as he could not but feel. But feeling this, he WSB the moro con- vinced that it Avas the duty of himself and, his colleagues to vote against convictism in every shape. (Hear, hear ) Not only should they, by carrying the motion, call for the repeal of the Order in Council, but they ahou'd co- operad' zeal usly with the people of Van Die men's Land to procure n stoppage of transpor- tation to that island. They ought to bring before the Colonial Minister such a body of evidence as must show the necessity of relieving these colonies from the stigmt and tho evils of ennvictiem. (Hear, hear.) He had so much of faith in the Colonial Minister as to believe that justice might be obtained from him if lie could once be convinced that a large majority of the colonists were concurrent in this demand. Tho injuries sustained by Port Phillip, owing to the attraction which it presented to the Van Diemen's Land expirées, were so severe that no one who had the inte- rests of that country at heart could wish to see the importation of these people continued. (Hear.'hear.) There was already an influx of convicts from Van Diemen'« Land to the extent of six thousand per annum, and it had been rumoured that they were likely to have seven thousand of these persons poured in upon them during the next seven months. There was no sufficient polico protection to meet such an ac- cumulation of criminals. Although they had been told by the lion, and learned Attorney General that a check might be imposed upon them by means of tho Vagrant Act, this Act Avas found to operate in no such manner. It was impossible to get these people to go before the magistrates and to register their places of abode, as was required by this Act. (Hear, hear.) Unless there was some such restriction as in California, to prevent any person who had been a convict from land- ing, under a penalty of £100, he saw no pre- sent remedy for the evil, and the Attorney General would doubtlesB tell them that any Act of this kind would be at once vetoed by the Governor. As one of the Port Phillip members, he should feel constrained to voto against transportation, notwithstanding the disauasivo powers of the honorable nnd learned member for Sydney had been exer- cised to convince them that it was the interest oí all the Port Phillip members to vote the other way. But the lion, and learned gentleman had told them that he was opposed to transportation. It would be better then for him to vote with the anti-transportationists upon this question, reserving to himself the power of taking a different course if ho should afterwards lind the remonstrance was useless. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Dr. LANG, in the observations which he had made to the Houso on the original motion, had expressed a strong desire that irrelevant and personal matters should be avoided. He was sorry to observe, howover, that there had been a good deal of this during the present dis- cussion. (Hear, hear.) Certain hon, members, by way he presumed of striking out some bright idea, in order to illuminate the darkness visi- ble of thbir own speeches, had hit upon tho recent scene in the Barrack-square, and the remarks which ho had himself made upon that occasion. It seemed as if the waddy of some aborigine had been dropped in the House, and been picked up by certain hon. members, who after flourishing it successively for n time around their heads, brought it down with all their might upon his head. (Hear hear, and laughter.) According to the words of their great ' national poet, " The time has been that when the brains were out," as it was doubtless ' supposed that his must be under all these in- flictions- ' Tiio timo has boen ] That when the brains woro out, the man was doad, : And thcro an end. i But he trusted they would find the other part of the Poet's observations realized in his own ' case But this roan comes, With twenty mortal murders on his crown, ' To push us off our stools. ' (Cheers and laughter.) The resolution which ? had been placed in his hands in the never-to- ' be-forgotten scene in the Barrack square was one sympathizing with the course taken by the : colonists at the Cape of Good Hope, and ex- pressing approbation of this course. The duty, therefore, dovolved upon him, in his comments upon the text thus given him, to state plainly j what the Cape colonists had done. And what had they done ? Why, the honorable and learned member for Sydney had just told them that any efforts made by the colonists would, as far as the policy of the empire was concerned, be regarded as a mere drop in the bucket, and would prove en- tirely unavailing. But this was only the hon. gentleman's own theory, and was utterly at va- riance with recent and notorious facts-the facts which had actually occurred at Cape Town. (Hear, hear.) Although the Cape colony had been in existence for 200 years, h>v would not stand a moment's comparison with New South Wales, either as regards its com- mercial importance or as regards the vigour and energy of its people. But what was the result with which the efforts of that colony had been attended ? When tho very same question which was at present under discussion here had been propounded by the Colonial Minister to the Cape colonists ; and when, not waiting for an answer, he had sent them out a wholo ship-load of convicts at once,-what, he asked, was the result? An association was imme- diately formed to repel the attack upon their freedom and moral purity ; and when they i found that their Governor was play- ing them false, as other governors j were very apt to do, as they knew from their i own experience nearer home-they placed both . His Excellency aud the ship load of convicts ' under an interdict. The baker refused to | supply them with bread, the butcher refused i to supply them with meat, and the banker re- fused to furnish them with current coin. I (Hear, hear.) This was the course pursued at the Cape on the arrival of the convicts in that colony, and it waa upon this that he was called to comment in hiB address to the meeting in the Barrack-square. But this was not all ; for a great public meeting had been held at Cupe Town, and at that meeting a friend ot his own -a minister of religion like himself-no dema- gogue Uko himself-(laughter)-but an emi- nent mathematician and philosopher, the inti- mate friend of Sir John Herschel-had been aroused out of his ordinary quiet habits to protest in the strongest language againBt the injustice which had been attempted by the Home Government, observing that it was not part of the Sovereign's prerogative to force upon that colony the reception of British convicts, and that, if such an outrage was attempted, it was not part of their duty as subjects to submit to it for one moment. He told them also, that if all other means were found unavailing, they must stand upon their right, and maintain it as well as they could. With justice and moral purity upon their Bide, great as was the power of Britain, that power could never force them into submission, as they had a country which could be held by a handful of people against all the military power of the nation. Now, he (Dr. Lang) had, on the famous occasion, so often alluded to, in the Barrack-square, just repeated the statements made, and the language held at a similar meeting at the Capo, in order to draw attention to the results which this firmness had led to. He had learned, on the very eve of his own departure from England, from his friend Mr. Edward Gibbon Wake- field, that it was upon this very point the docision of Downing-street had turned. As soon as it became known in that quarter that the Cape colonists had dared to utter language of this kind, the feeling which this intelligence created among the ruling fowers was one of apprehension and alarm, astead of calling for force to put down the threatened resistance, they saw the necessity of immediate conciliation. Mighty and resist- less as was the military and naval force of England, it was happily under the controul of a force which was mightier still-the moral power of England and of the English people. (Cheers). It was to this mightier power that the Cape colonists had directed their appeal, and they did not make this appeal in vain. (Hear, hear). The Colonial Office knew that the attempt to coerce even that insignificant colony would be vain. In fact, it was its very weakness which formed its best protection. He anticipated precisely the l same result to accrue to this colony from the / same course of procedure. The vast powers of England will always be controlled by the I moral influence of the English people ; and if they appealed to the moral influence, as the Cape colonists had done, they could not fail to obtain success. (Hear, hear.) Ile should be utterly unworthy of the elevated position in which he had bren plncod by the suffrages of his fellow-colonists it he were unwilling to ac- knowledge in that House whatever he had uttered out of it at any public meeting. But the remarks which he hail made at tho meeting alluded to would bear no Buch interpretation as had been placed upon thora. Tho-hon. and gallant member opposite (Captain King) had, with great applauso from certain other lion, members who had occupied so muoh of the time taken up by the present discussion with this paltry affair, told tho House that he re- garded with disgust thelatigungehe (Dr.Lnng) had used about the British flsg at the late public meeting. It was of very little consé- quence to him what might bo the feelings with which the lion, and gallant member regarded nny proceeding or language of tiis ; but he would tell that gentleman how his own con- duct, and that of those who had joined him in the attack, could be best characterized. A s.nglo word Mould be sufficient, and the hon. und gallant member would find that word a little lower down, uponUie same pago of the dictionary with the term which he had hirn self used. The word was-"dishonesty." For it was dishonest to take any isolated expression iii any person's speech or writing, for the pur- pose of forcing upon it a menning which_ it AA'ould not bear, when taken in connection with the context. The case which ho had put to the meeting was a hypothetical one, but the lion, and gallant member had made it absolute, or changed into one of certainty. He (Dr. Lang) had simply stated to the meeting the expressions used by his friend Dr. Adamson nt tho Cape of Good Hope, and after showing, from a strong case in point, what would be the probable con- sequences Avhich would attend so terrible nn infliction as the scattering of England's convicts throughout the interior of this colony, ho had gone on to say - If the Importai Government wero determined, with the aid of a moro handful of squatters, to introduco a system that would expose to snell unliounl of atrocltlos na these, hundreds of reputable families of freo omlgrants that are now scattered over tho whole territory, trora AVlde Bay to Cope Howe, much as ho honoured and loved that glorious flag of Bug-land, willoh liad braved, for upnards of it thousand yours, the battle and tho brcezo, ho would not hesitate for a tnomont in assisting his fellow-colonists to pull it down, and to hoist the flag of freedom and lndcpeadonco in Its stead. He would defy any reasonable man to show him in these remarks anything inconsistent with true allegiance to England-any senti- ments to which the most loyal subject of tho Queen might not have given utterance. The fault found by so many honorable members with these harmless sentiraonts, could only proceed from the fact that the debasing in- fluence of convictism had created a spirit of abject servility among all classes in this colony, utterly inconsistent with that manly free- dom which everywhere else dis- tinguished the British character ; -a spirit which had been most expressively designated by one of the first write» of the age, " absolute flunkeyisra," (Cheers and laughter.) The utterance of such honest, straightforward, manly, and truly British sentiments-sentiments which he still held and avowed-could never but for such degenerating influences as those ho had alluded to have met with so much reprobation in that House. He repeated it, he avowed the expressions which ho had just quoted from his speech at the Barrack-square Meeting. He would not retract one word of what he then uttered. It was not to be borne that after depriving tho colonists of all controul in their waste lands, and doing them in this way every possible injury, that tho Secretary of State and his minions should inflict upon them the last out rage of spreading contamination throughout the land: of converting their noble colony into the great dUHglull of the empire (Cheers) The lion, and gallant member who had told them that he looked upon this mode of prot< ating against injustice with disgust had enlightened the Council by the information that he (Dr. lang) had been guilty of a profanation of Scrip turo in comparing certain recent addresses to the Go verner-conceived in the spirit of absolute flunkej ism-to the speech addressed by Balaam the prophet's ass to his master ; and in thereby representing ewh of those gentlemen who had signed these addresses, as virtually saying, " Am not I thine Excellency's ass s" (Laughter ) Now this discovery of the hon. and learned member was doubtless the greitest he had ever made upon the coasts of Australia, and he hoped it would not be forgotten in the next edition of his book, lho hon. member for Camden had also much of the same note the same miserable carmen - upon his shrill oaten pipe from the Cowpastures. (Laughter ) These honorable gentlemen had joined in attri- buting to him sedition, demagoi;uism, repub licamsm, and all other conceivable isms, except downright blackguardism. If the hon. member for Camden wai as well acquainted Vith the history of his country as he ought to be, he must know that scenes had been enacted in the Barruck squaro which wero far more out- rageous in their character than anything that had recently been said or done m that quarter, even according to the moBt servile interpreta tion of these recent occurrences. Ho would read them an extract to prove this from a work on the history of tho colony, which was within the reach of all, and it would be seen that the caBe to \\.hich the extract referred was one in which the family of the honorable member for Camden was somewhat concerned. Tho necessary arrangements having thus been made, orders were immediately given fir a regimeut to form, and tile drum was accordingly boat loud and hard be- tween six and seven o'clock the same ctoniug (tho ¿Gth of January, 1808) The regiment was instantly formed in tho Iiarrack.vpjare, and mirchcd Immediately nt a quick pace towards Government IIouso (which was then in O ConiuU street), with bayonets hxed, colours displayed, and military music Litutonaut Bell, now a number of the Legislative Council, commanded tho Governors guard nt tho timo whether ho had been regularly relieved of that important charge or not, I do not know , but he waa observed from Government House ordering his meu to prime and load before, the regiment had come up, and he immediately aftorwnrds jollied the rest of the corps Mrs I'ntland, the Cover, nor s daughter, (sinco better known in tho colony as I ady O Connell) whoso husband a Lieutenant in til» Navy, bad been interred only u few days before, (on winch occasion Msjor Johnston was chief mourner,) presented herself at tho gato of Gorornnunt llouie, and endemourod to prevent Mr Hells entrnneo , but tho liouse being immediately surrounded by tho soldiery, an entrnneo was soon effected The Governor, how- ever, was for somo time not to bo found, but every room and crovlcu in the house being eagerly searched for him by the soldiers, ho was at length discovered standing behind a cot which was hanging in a back apartment to which lia hud retired on the approach of the military, in the act of coUocting certain papers of importance Previous, however, to this overt act of usurpation and rebellion, Mr, Macarthur, Senr. the father of the honourable member for Cam en), who had previously been under prosecu- tion by the Government, and had just been liberated from prison under the usurped authority of the military, had, in conjunction with six or seven other persons, altogether ad- dressed a written requisition to the officer commanding the troops, to the following effect, on the pretext that the Governor intended to set aside the Law and Courts of Justice altogether : - January ¿0, 1808 Sin,-Tho present alarming stato of this colony, in which every man's property, liberty, and life aro en- dangered, induces us most earnestly to implore you instantly to place Governor liligh under arrest, and to assumo tho command of the colony We pledge our- selves, at a moment of IOBS agitation, to come forward to support the measure with our fortunes autl our lives, Wc are, with great respect, Sir, Your most obodient serrants. To Major Johnston, Lieutenant Governor, &c; , Commanding the New South M ales Corps Captain KIN G Who was the author of that history > Dr. LANG It waa written by himself, on his voyage hence to England, m 1836, wnen a fellow-passenger with the honorable member for Camden, but he had as authorities for all the assertions which he had made, Colonel Johnston's Trial, which took place in Chelsea Hospital, and the official documents and re- cords of the eolony. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would like the opinion of the Speaker as to whether this matter was relevant. The honorable and re- verend member was only endeavouring to justify one act of disloyalty by quoting another. The 8PEAKEK. thought this line of argu- ment was irrelevant. Dr. LANG would proceed no further m this direction. He was only desirous of showing that the honorable member for Camden must have been strangely forgetful of the past his- tory of his country, when heNyentured to bring such charges against himself (Dr. Lang) as had been alluded to. Cradled as the nono rabie member had boen, in the vory lap of re- bellion, he should have been the last to join in this paltry cry of demagoguism and disloyalty. His main object in making those ullusionB was not so much to justify himself a9 to justify the hon. and gallant mover of the resolution» beforo the House, who had in that Council and elsewhere been charged with not doing his duty, because ho had not pulled his (Dr. L.'s) nose, or hurled him off the platform. If the hon. member lrom whom theso expressions lind proceeded hnd been present at the meoting alluded to, he would not havo ventured to use such language us this, still less would hu havo ventured upon the course of action which he hnd prescribed for the lion, and gallant member from Miller's Point. (Hear, hear.) Theso expressions of his (Dr. L.'s) were made use of as putting a hypothetical case : and as their use at the Cape had led to such glorious results, it was to be hoped that their utterance here would lead to tho anne desirable consummation. The petitions and addresses of 1814 and 1815, when the squatting question was under agitation, contained language quite ns strong as that which he (Dr. Lang) had used, and perhaps stronger ; and if h in. mem- bers had not been so anxious to make out a Oase against himself,- they would not havo been so ready to display so absoluto a servility of feeling as had been evinced during the present discussion. (Hear, hear.) Ha would main- tain that, living as they did under ti limited monarchy, it behoved them to know whore the limits of that monarchy were placed. If it was not so limited as to leave thom at tho anti- podes tho guardians of the purity and honour of their families, there was no saying where the limits of the monarchy where to bo fixod. The financial part of this question was wholly secondary. " He who steals my purse," says tho poní, " steals trash ; but he who would filch from them their good name, would rob them of that which, without enriching themselves, would render them poor indeed." They were bound as advocates for the maintenance of puro morality and religion in their adopted land, to take a stand in declaring that tho limits of the monachy should be fixed here, and that tiley would not in the tenth year of their freedom be again degraded to the position of a convict settlement. (Hear, hear.) But the proposal for the resumption of transportation came to them under so questionable a shape and aspect that ho must speak to it. It was dressed up as if for a fancy ball. (Cheers and laughter.) The men wer« not to be called convicts. Such a pill would not be roadily swallowed, and therefore it must be gilded. They wero there- fore called exiles. Now ho protested against this as an intolerable abuse of the english language. It was an triplication of the term exile to a meaning which it had never been intended to express. He had always boen accustomed to look upon this term as exclusively apptioabio to persons who were expatriated on account of their hold- ing political opinions in advance of their ago. "Who had not listonod with thrilling interest to the lines of Campbell-a countryman of his own-who bad been educated at the samo college with himself Thora carno to tho beach a poor exllo of Grin, Tho dew on his thin robo was heavy and chill. And Avho that evor heard these lines could ever imagine that this " Exile" AVOS a convict ? That ho had been convicted of grand larceny before twelve good men und true of his fellow countrymen, and had "left his country for his country's good!" (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He disliked to see n term which he had been accustomed to couple with tho names of the most exalted patriots, applied to the very scum of the earth. They must not, therefore, receive this impression which the use of this tenu was intended to give. i he men so designated were telons, and nothing else. They might gild the pill as they would, but the people of New South Wales would never swallow it. (Cheers.) The term exile was used hero as a sort of vehicle in which to convey the poison which would not otherwise be admitted into their system. He recollected a story of the daughter of a Scotoh Highland laird, who was directed by her medi- cal attendant, in a written prescription which ho had sent her, to tako curtain medicine in any' convenient vehicle. The family, not being very conversant with the English language, applied to their tutor, a Mr, Macauley, who, it seemed, was not quite so learned a mun as his illus- trious namesake, the author of the History of England, who, upon reference to his dictionary found the term vehicle defined as meaning any wheeled carriage. The only vehicle ot this description which they had at hand being a wheelbarrow, Mr, Macauley was therefore on trusted with the duty of wheeling the young lady round the garden while she took the prescription, (Laughter.) They had before thora a fine wheelbarrow, provided by the learned Macauley of that House for taking the prescription of convictism in. (Laughter.) Thero was ono exile to threo free immi- grants-one dram of assafoatida to threo of loaf sugar. (Cheers and laughter.) But they would not have the dose on any terms. They had been treated to n calculation as to the cost of sending these threo immigrants and one exile ; but he could not agree in this calcula- tion. He was quite Bure that Earl Groy never contemplated casting so heavy an expense on the overtaxed people of England, and even if he did contemplate such a thing, there could be no hope of assent from the Imperial Par- liament, where Cobden and othere were looking i out for every possible chance of reducing the national expenditure. (Hear, hear.) They must consequently resist every at- tempt to cajole them by the aid of this kind of argument, however specious it might appear. The Home Government would never be disposed to accede to any such arrangement as the one proposed. Distinct penal settle- ments could be formed at far less expense than this. And if the northern coast of Australia was not taken, the Falkland Islands were open, where 10,000 exiles might be settled cheaply and advantageously. (Hear, hear.) Tho lion, member for Cook and Westmoreland had done him the honour to refresh his me- mory by quoting from a book which he (Dr. Lang) had written in 183G, at a lime when he waB a fellow-passenger with the hon. member for Camden. It must be remembered, however, | that this book wai written at a time when the I transportation system was in full operation, and when there waa no cause to expect its discontinuance. He had therefore endea- voured, in the work in question, to do the best that could be done with this si stem. It was with the view, therefore, ot suggesting améliorations under existing circumstances, that the book had been written. One of the principles to which he gave utterance in that book, and which he still maintained, was, that the assignment system was thoroughly, and inherently bad-that it was unequal as a punishment, and therefore unjust in its opera- tion-that in some cases it led to tyranny of the very worst kind, while in otherB it was not a punishment at all, but held out a premium to crime. To remedy thesa evils he offered certain suggestions. But surely the case waa very different now, when the British Govern- ment had discontinued transportation by its own voluntary act-when they had been for ten years in possession of their freedom-and when 100,000 free and virtuous people had been in- duced to make Australia the country of their adoption. (Hear, hear.) The letting in of these exiles at the projent time would be like the removal of a flood-gate - the tide of vice and immorality would, like the waters, overflow the land and spread contamination among the rising families of its immigrant population. (Hear, hear.) It WSB only the altered position of the times which produced any apparent chunge in his opinions at the present moment from those which he entertained at the time of writing his book. The only change of opinion of which he was conscious, was, that when ho wrote that book he was favourable to the formation of penal colonies for the purposes of coercion. Ho now thought that this system was bad, and that all such establishments ought to be merely refor- matory. "Whatever punishment was neces- sary ought, he conceived, to be inflicted al home, and the person who had. suffered it, sent forth as a free denizen to labour for his restoration to a respectable position in society. (Hear, hear.) But he would not have these exiles, as they were termed, sent among the free people of this colony, or of any such colony, to prevent a virtuous and industrious population trom seek- ing these polluted shores. He would have . them placed in a distinct settlement where, \ under the oontrol of some such police as that of Ireland or London, they might have their full liberty. Uti had so much confidence in the high capabilities of tho Anglo-Saxan race, that he was certain thero would be a noble state called into existonco from these materials. Ile would risk all that he had upon the asser- tion that with ten thousand such people, and tho presence of a duo proportion of females, a moro hopeful colony would bo formed in s few years than could bo formed from the samo number of free people from France, from Italy, or fro n Spain. (Hear, hear). The first requisito for a restoration to moral health was entire freedom. No olanking of chains should he heard in such a settlement, except of such chains as wero worn by those who had relapsed into crime. (Hear, hear.) Tho honorable and learned member for Sidney had told them, in the course of his eloquent speech, that thero was no petition before the House from the electors of tho city. Ho bo lieved, however, it would be found upon an in- spection of tho petition which ho (Dr. Lang) had had the honour to present, that tile large majority of the electors had signed that peti tion. (Hear, hear.) They had hoard, too, a good deal about childron having been suffered to sign this petition. Now, a reputable citizen had told bira, that ono of the persons who was collecting signatures to the address which had been presented to His Excellenoy the Governor applied to n reputablo citizen for the signatures of his family, and ho had attaohed to it the names of four or fivo of his children, one ol whom was not yet christened, (Laughter.) If thero wero faults of this nature, they wero doubtless as prevalent upon one side as the other. (Hear.) Tho lion, and learned member next told them, that there were no petitions from the squutters, be oause tho lattor had not been allowed two months to express their opinion. But if even this time had been allowed, still more would have been demanded. It was clear that it was not time that was wanting, for thora had been time enough to get petitions from the two ex- tremes of this country- from Moreton Bay, and from Port Phillip, against the resumption of transportation. (Hear, hear,) It was not truo, as had been asserted, that all the persons of wealth and influence at Moreton Bay wero favourably disposed towards conviclism. Ho had the authority of Mr. Richard Jones f r asserting that the petition whioh, he (Dr. Lang) had presented from Brisbane, Ipswich, and thoir respective vicinities, composed a large portion, if not a majority of employers, and included persons of equal wealth nnd standing to any of those who had advocated or supported contrary views. The peti- tion, therefore, was a better guide to the opinions of that district, than tho petition from the samo quarter to which the honorablo and loarned membsr for Sydney had so triumphantly leferred. Thiit gentleman had likewise referred them to tho proportions of the freo and bond population o f Van Diemen's Land, for the purpose of show- ing that there would bo no danger attendant upon the introduction of convicts into New South Wales, It was not, however, the num- bers of the oonviots which would constitute the dangor, but tho principles which they wero about to establish. The smaller the number of those exiles, the greater would be the injury which would be dono to the country by their introduction ¡-the greater the amount of wrong which the Council, by assenting to this intro dilution, would inflict. The honorablo mid loarned gentleman had told them tho number of those in the Squatting Districts did not exceed 19,000 altogether, and dwelt upon the small proportion which this number bore to the entire population of the country ; but he had forgotten to tell them that nearly all these j were adult males. When it was borne in mind | that tuero wero very few women and children among the number, it would be seen that it formed a proportion of tho population three or four times as great as the mere numbers would seem to show. (Hear, hear,) But when the squatters, who had paid nothing for thoir land, had cast impediments in the way of a sale ot land for the purposes of agriculture, it was not I surprising that thoy should be unable to disco- ver that (roo labour and convictism were in-1 compatible, (Hear.) Ho could slate from his own experience that many reputable me- chanics had left this city because thoy wero not content to work in juxta- pjsition with convicts. He happened at this moment to io collect particularly the case of ono reputa- ble and industrious Scotch mechanic, who for this reason alone M ent to Valparaiso, and almost broken his wife's heart by so doing. The lion, and learned member had next told them thut as immigration had taken place while convictB continued to be sent to this country, there was no probability of its resumption at the present time being attended with u different result. The case, however, was a very different one from that assigned by the hon. and learned member. At that time a prospect was held out to every emigrant of good ohnracter of obtain- ing on his arrival in the country a giant of land and convicts for its cultivation. At earlier dates cattle and rations were even given. It was these inducements which had brought immig¡ant8 to the colony nt tint period (hear, hear.) The bon. and learned member said, that with these importations of exiles which he de- sired, they would advance so rapidly that in ten or twenty years they might expect to , achieve their independence ; but when this i timo came, ho trusted that tho population ' would be made up of materials very dif - feront from those which that gen- tlemen seemed so much to admire. They had only to get their land fund I managed with some degtoe of common some, I and they would have the means of providing fox immigration labour beyond anything that the oolony would really want (Hear, hear.) He could say, from his own experience at home, that if means were taken in this way fur facili- tating immigration, there would be no diffi- culty whatever in proowng a continuous sup- ply of the most respectóle immigrants. Ho could not voto for the amendment of the ho i Chairman of Committees, because he was un able to concur in the resolution candotnuing the separation of Moreton Hay. He believed that this question hnd been so far settled as to place it beyond any influence from the inter- ference of the Council, and to render such in- terference beyond their province. He could not see that any inconvenience would arise from the formation of a separate government so near them as Moroton Bay. Labour, as they had boen told, would equalise its own price i and BO long as there was a sup- ply of labour in any of the neighbouring colonies, they could always obtain it from these quarters by a small advance upon the current .>wages. (Hear, hear.) He wns rejoiocd to hear the hon. and learned member bear testi- mony to the fact that few of the colonial youth had been led into crime ; and he trusted that no such corrupting influences as a resumption of transportation would bring to bear upon them would ever be called into existence. (Hear, hear.) The continuance of bad example was dangerous, and might ultimately lead to far different results. There AVOS much truth in the language of Pope : - A'ico is a monster of such A »-ful mein, That to bo hated needs but to be seen ; Hut seen too oft-familiar with its face; AVe first enduro-then pity-then embrace, -(Much cheering.) Mr. MARTIN: Lord Bacon had said, " Knowledge is poAver," and the honorable member fur the NortliumbcrlandBorough9 lind paraphrased the aphorism, and said that the Transportation Committee had the power. Ho (Mr. Martin) would not say that the honorable member had no knowledge; but he had care- fully listened to the speech of the honorablo member, and those of other honorable mem- bers holding similar opinions with lum, and he was confident Avhen uioso speeches Avcre read by the English public, that it Avould not be difficult for it to determine on Avhich. sido tho knoAvledgo lay. Tliroughout this protracted debate, he had not hoard any argument worthy of refutation. The honorable member from Toxteth Park had said that he did not think that honorable members should appear there to speak and vote on such an occasion as the present againBt their constituents ; but, as had been truly said by the honorable and learned member for Sydney, the electors of Sydney had not declared themselves at all on this question. The petition Avhich had been presented to that House, could not be regarded as the petition of the electors of Sydney. With regard to his own constituency at least, no such argument could apply. No i petition had been received from that consti \ tuency, and lie had been written t" u ot the most influential memberíof » " yS(iVQal their approval of tho course )T^ Z**"»*« and urging him mart^ singly t^W that course. But oven if }[;»t?C0l,l!»ucin wero opposed to the views m h?!'?tltU!:'"* question, he should nM hSÄ0""* moment to act according to his 0«" ,1 ?-l onB jmlgment in this matter. I¿ ~uhl « Äberato that any representativewai em in SbcBew torefroín from doing that duty^hiSr Up0a scmnco imposed unon hiT U lm ti011 h? mlghi disEe T' S^ his supporters by nctimr m, %J0I#' of Tho hon. member7 &S; 2 J* d,lctate8 Boroughs had argued itÍA^*»* and in support of a lecture wl,ic1lpnnc'Ple' disposed toread him (Mr Àïà a? Tmcd somo letters from a hookprî.S ll^ ^ entitled Letters to a YoSigÄl^Ä mont. Ho could assure the ho? mo,l Pai* when he sought for instrueÄüÄj,** of such responsible duties, ho went "»*?* the highest authorities, lie rofc °n,ce ,to statesmen of acknowledged prc-emÄ 'S in this particular respect hei hadS' Wd the authority pf one! admitted unWeïïiîï be the most philosophical of oil BrifoKí men. As ho had not quoted theiZ?..^ Mr. Burke, which ho1 had ÄuK^ft former speech, perhaps the House «-nul, i with him while ho read it noT Mr u T said, m his speech at the Bristol Section" I am sorry I cannot con.lude without ««ui "* ^ on a topic touched upon by mv wllr ihJ~i? ' n* * "»^ that topic had be«, passed by ¡tTtóhSVh '** little leisure to discuss it. 6« si.VcTÄ.1»"'^ proper to throw it out, I nwoyira a clear exïhV !"**. my poor sentiments oh that subject ««"»?».'i.enof Ho tells you that " tho toplo of instruction. i" sloi.od much altercation »id uno" ,",. |n .l,î ^. and ho express! »himielf (If I understand l.i»L .''?. tofjvour of the coercive ao«&W.;^2¿) Certainly, gontlomcn, it ought to bo the h.n,,._. gloiyofnreprescntatvoto live in Hi« sirt«i;, T"" .ho closest correspondence, and tiTie "i"^ "^ communication with hU oon.Utuont,. ThT^SS ought to have groat we gilt with lilni . »Vii. , ,n high respect ; tlVoir bosineVunreml te. iitentíon1'1".^ li'",'' Î? Trlfl0e}iU I'*»"' ÄÖ linns to their., and above all even in all CM. h prefer their interests to hi. own. Hut hi" unb.JS opinion hi« mature judgment, his «ill,nte"Ä science ho ought not to sacrifice to } ou, to am m» w?» «ny set of men living. Those ho doe, not i«m,\T your ploaiure; No. nor from the law and llVZlûZ lion. They aroa trust from Providence. lor üu° »bw of which ho Is deeply answerable. Your reprejenS owes you, not lil. mlu.try only but lil. juiKitaïï Äp"iuio.",tüB,10f,erTlOK I0U lf "° "»Kitto Argument such as this required not the nan» of its author to g/ivc it weight, it was tho lan- guage of authority carrying here conviction to every impartial mind that heard it. Mr Burke went on Mv worthy colleaguo says hit will ought to be "v. servlent to yours. If that bo all, the tilla* I. innocoit If government were a matter of will upon anv dd¡! yours without question ought to bo superior But»?, vcrnment and legislation are matters of rewoa sol Judgment, and not of inclination ; and what «ort of re«,inn is that, in willoh the determination lirecedMth. discussion; in which ono set of men deliberólo sal another decide; and where those who from Uio conclu, sion aro perhaps three hundred miles away from thoa who hear Hie arguments? To deliver HU opinion la tho right ol all men; thatot constituents 1. a weight; and respectable oriolon, which a reprosentaUro ought always to rejulco to hear: and which ho ougnt always most seriously to consider. Bat aiitAoritaties inatrutlons; mandala, buued whick tile member is hound blindly and implicitly to ober, to vote, and to arg* tor, though contrary to the clelnst conviction of iil(Midgmt>ntand conscience,-Ui«o art thing, utterly iinffTiown to tho I.ws of till. laud »ni which nrWo from a fund i mental mistake of the nook order and tcnour of our constitution. Parliament Is not n congrus uf ambassadors from dli feront nnd ho.tllo intcrosts ; which Interests cadi mort maintain as an agent and advocate agnluitotlioraj»nti ami advócales: llut I'arliaitn-nt is a ùiUbmum ««to. bly of one nation with on« lutcrest-thit of ihe «hole, where not local purposes, not local prejudices, uu{ht to guide, hut the gesgfcil good resulting from to. Rsnurnl reason of tho \vWo. You cbuosa a member, indeed: but. when yo« have chosen bim. he I. nut mea. bor of LlrUto!. but ho Is a mcuibcr of 7\irtta¡wni. If the tocal constituents should hare an Interest 01 t'iouM form an hasty opinion, evidently uppoiite loth« real good of the rest of Hie coimuuuiti, th« number for that place ought to be us far as auy other from any endeavour to «Ive it ofrecí. And it Avould bo Avell for the lion, member for tho Northumberland Boroughs to reflect that ho was not the member for Maitland now, bat a member of the Legislative Council, bound to consider all questions relating to the intereso of tile country in a fair and impartial manner. Ho lind no right, in a great question of this sort, to consider the wishes and interests of any constituency, but to view it in its bearings on the colony at large. Ho Avas not one who could stoop to obtain this Aiilgar popularity, and at nil events his determination to vote as his iudgnient and his conscience dictated hnd not boon changed by any of the arguments of those Avho had endeavoured to convince them that they held the functions of delegates and not of representatives in this question. Mr. Burke continued - I beg pardon for laying so much onthlituliject. linn been unwillingly drawn into it ; but I »hull «ter use a re. spcotful frankness of communication willi you. Your faithful friend-your devoted serrant-i shall tis ki tot end ot my lift) ; n flatterer you do not »lib fur. Ot this point of instructions, however, I think it soredy possible wo ever can have any «ort of difference. Per- haps 1 may giro you too much, rather than too Utile, trouble. From the Ant hour I wn« encourage 1 In couti yod favour to this happy day ot obtaining it. t lure nu« promised you anything but humble and perieviring endeavours to do my duty. The welittu of i hat duty, I confess, makes mo tremble ; and whoever well couiktoi what it is, of all things in the world, will fly from »lut has tho least likeness to a positivo und precipitate en- gagement. To be a good member of i'arllsrafnt it, let mo toll you, no easy task, espeolslly at this time, when thcro is so strong a disposition to run late perilous extromea of servile compliance or wild Îopulaxlty. ( n another passago from the same gifted states- man, delivered on « different occasion, he found the following passage Faithful watchmen wo ought to bo over the rights ao I privileges of the people. Hut our duty, if we aro quail lied for it as wo ought, is to givo them Information, ind not to ronclvo it from them ¡ we are not to KO to school to them to leam th« principles of law and gorernmiM. lu dolugso, wo should notdutlfullysorre.butweshoold basely and scandalously betray, the people, who «re no» capable of this service bj nature, nor in any hutton called to it by the UuostHutlou. I rovereoüslly loo« up to tho opinion of the people, and with m awe. tust a Almost superstitious. I should be ashamed to »honor face beforo them, if I ohanged my ground, si th« cried up or cried down men, or things or opinions ; It J wavered and shlftod about with every chanie. ««« joined in it, or opposed, as best answered any low tate. rest or passion; if 1 held thom up hopes, which 1 »ni» I never Intended, or promised what I well knew 1 i-oaw not nsrform. Of nil theso things tiley »re perfect MM rclgn judges, without nppe.il! but as to the detail « particular measures, or to anygeneral schemes of p»WJ they havo neither enough ot speculation in therhnvt nor of experlcnco In business, to decide upon it. }<>*!<**. well aee whether wo are tools of a Court, ur their ho»« servants. Of that thoy can well Judge ; and I «tt», that they always exercised their judgment; tot of u» particular merits of II measure I have othor »undara«. Theso Averc sentiments which none could gain- say, theso Avero opinions that none could con- trovert, and he Avas not preparad, having adopted theso sentiments and opinions to give them up, at the advice of any writer of yes- terday, oven though it came backed with the approval of the honorablo member for the Northumberlandboroughs. There was one other authority ho Avould quote on this subject-tao nuthoritv of that eminent French writer ana statesman, M.Lamartine. That distinguished man said He believed that he comprehended the partof a Ktw* oltixon in » freo country; he desired to *> «° ./? forgot too easily, in the atiuosphore of adulation nmc«i sur.oundcd him, that a man Is not agréai eil!« on» to please the people, but to defend, serve, and frcqutnuy to rosUt them, , With these authorities to support him, ne thought he might securely persevere m JJÇ coursohe had marked out, notwithstanding the strictures to Avhich ho had been subjected W the bon. member for the Northumberland boroughs, and other lion, members. lbs non. friend for the Northumberland boroughs, m his very clap-trap speech, had cited tho esset* Sugden and Thompson, in General Darling« time, to show the cruelty and arbitrary power which that Governor exercised over thei mili- tary in those days ; but what possible relation could that caso have to the question una« __ consideration. It AVOS not proposed bj was amendment to invest the Governor wthjuw extraordinary power over the exiles that AVOUW arrive here; on the contrary, they y.e» to bo subjected to no control, omi» be free agents under certain regulations. Again, the bon. member had been l''»»^ ? inform them that the Government now v.ouia not under this system have power to draw on the Imperial treasury for largo sums of money for the maintenance and employment ot tue*, exiles; and, again, he would ask, what u» that to do Avith the question? It "«fn^i true that the Government would have,"0 ^¡d power ; and it was quite true too, that nej want no such power. They would g« w they stipulated for from the homo;Goiennjanj and thoy Avantcd no more. Agtuii, Arouguo the whole of the discussions on.this SUDJ £ the very clap-trap argument, ¡fi^Jj I could be called, had been used, that to conscat S > \ . ," Uli« svstcin among thom Avould bo to t0 í'TówíKi.« luttions. But Avhcro were strike tbwilroç1 go? AU ^ nJm_ so strike down u^1 go? AU tho non_ lhClrAÏSc}lmd heard about it was justsc sens cn talKinej uudortho Bystein*pro muCV to lo ntùodûccd, it Avas not pro Posc4 /""keep the exiles in bondage at all, At Sl «rgument did not touch the 60 .? n AVhethcr they Avero kept nt home qUMTout here tlie oates must "bo in some or sent out çrc tm. d°^°d W a,Äy Zld at home; and was SÄttt to ¿cop thcsC men at home would destroy the liberty of England, or strike down the free institutions of the empire ? And íi, nnu not Uns cfTcct in England, why should ,f t had not w Besides, too, in tlds Ü^ÄT S tho guarantee of the Minister Ä ¿Août Sf England, who at the moment they were contemplating the introduction of this system into New South Wales were also passing a measure designed extend the liberties of New South Wales, and to extend the operation of that very measure to Van Diemen's Land. The bon. member for Murray, in another clap-trap vein, had appeared to be under very great alarm about the danger this system would le them to by losing thw charoo tí, and he -quoted nn artlcl° fr°m tl¿ Time» newspaper, which, if it Avent for UTthlng. clearly went to show that thoy had SScter to lose. But Avhile ho quoted tlus LticE he honorable member admitted that it 1 gross libel on the colony ; and because , a wspiper writer, cither from ignorance or to serve party purposes, chose to write a libelon & co W, Avtus'it to preve.it. them from doing heir duty, or considering fairly and candidly on its oin! merits a moro measure The lion. member for the Northumberland boroughs, win, in another portion of his clap-trap «Seech, had snid that "the labourer was worthy of his hire." W10 was there in .hat House that dissented from that principle ; and what was there in tho system proposed to be introduced that was to inter icrowith that principle? He was not one of those who wished tmfairly to cut down the nea of labour. Ho knew well that in tiny neat country the labouring classes must bo protected and encouraged. Tie agreed in the sentiment so well expressed bv Sir James Mackintosh, that " although nobility might bo the Corinthian capital of polished stntcs, the massy Doric that sustained tho framework of modern society was LAMOUII; and tho splendid vnricty of arts nnd sciences formed the decoration of its Corinthian and Ionic capitals." But the duo encouragement or protection of labour, was not to cut off the 'upply of labour, so ns to render it inadequate to the demand, mid thus to moko the wages of labour inconsistent with the profit on cnpital. The lion, member, in the samu absurd clap- trap tone, had talked about the lash of the chain-gang,-but none Avere better aware than he was, that any return to these bnrbnrous practices AVOS, in these times, an absolute im- possibility. In his former speech ho had pointed out that the muss of crime which he had detailed to the Council, as existing in tho colony in former years under tho old system, was attributable partly to the tyranny which iras exercised over the unhappy convict-ren- dering bim reckless and desperate ; * partly to the inhiimnn rigour of thoir Criminal Code, ns ilthcnexisted.-partly to the injustice of the magistracy throughout the territory,-but, mostly, the hopeless state into Avhich the con- vict was reduced-a state to Avhich, in too manv cases, ho could look for no amelioration, and 'from Avhich he could look forward to no es- cape. This clnp-trap cry, then, of tho triangle, sand the lash, and the' chain gang, and the cells, was only used to catch the multitude, and to lead thom on to a sensc 1K« and unmeaning clamour against this system. It was used now to hido the shallow ncss of tho.ie arguments to Avhich its opponents were compelled to resort, and to allure the minds of lion, members from the true merits of the ease, by appealing to their prejudices and feelings. The lion, member for Koxburgh (Mr. Suttor), in answer to his (Mr. Martin s) question, of how it AVOS that those reputable families who carno to the colony in fhc old convict times lind not been contaminated; had said, that they were not liable to contamination, because thoy did not mix Avith the convicts. He could assure the lion, member that thero | m not that difference between him and the classes beneath him that ho imagined. The mind of man in every station of life was actuated by the same passions and follies,-was open to the sanie impressions, the same weaknesses, -and if this contaminating influenco did really exist, it wns principle only, not station, | that could resist it. And yet trio better classes i in the colony lind not been*contaminated ; they formed as respectable a body as any in nny part of Europe, and brought up their families as care- fully und with as much regard for thcprinciplcsof religion and morality. Then with singular in- consistency tho honorable member, and also the honorable member for tho Northumberland boroughs, proceeded to argue, that the youth of tho neighbouring colonies would not come hero to be educated at their University, because they irould be bubjected to the degradation and contamination attached to any association with s convict population j but how was this re eoncileablo with their former argument that the higher classes would not be contaminated ? The youth that would arrive here for education wiuld be of the higher classes, and they might depend upon it they woidd como here to shore the blessings and advantages which, under good care and management, that great institu- ya, for which they would be indebted to the honorable and learned member for Svdnoy, wühl bestow, in spite of this bugbear o'f con net contamination which it wns now sought to create, m order to scare them away. The lion. member fur the Northumberland boroughs had talked of his unswerving consistency ¡nttus^ matter, and his carelessness of popu Tty m the part he had taken, be- cause his conscience told him it was m 11 .path' n°could trul>' saythat he (Mr. Martin) knew no person who possessed ess firmness and stability of character than "»lion, member, who could, as they had seen on occassons that had occurred very lately, speak one way and vote another ;- no man ought more laboriously for a small popularity to he did,-ho was u man who uniformly squared hu actions for the approval of the mul Uude,andby the will and passions of that] Bttiutude he was constantly swayed to and fro., honical cheers from Mr. Nichols.) The lion. ¡ HW!""111 membcr hnd explained to the1 wi' T,ni.cani"ß of the word exile ; but, lower felicitous might be his gift of explain-. S.-n ,W,th whatever tact and humour he W illustrate his observations by anecdotes Which come with so much gusto from his lips, Mima not been able to alter tho position of «L MS-. ono iota' Whatever tho riwSL» lmSht lnca'i under different Mcumstances, what it was'to mean under this KLi?^ l'olou>' was M1y Rnd candidly Stat, ^rlm Íha desP'llch of the Secretary of Z en«i, ? ho.n' '»em°er, too, had talked of »e contamuittting influence of the system, ' nd T. m?°,mPatibility of uniting free &»n10t labour' 1Ic had Predicted that a"rf. s?stem should bo adopted, that the ¿ nw,lg,!atl0u wllich w>uld otherwise XrJfinf*?7 *? th0fie Sh0rcs would 8el!k memW St n?n\Cd t0 forSet that ** one period at ontinn» Tulhave entertained very different ICitiJ?- ^S0'- IIc 8hould haT rcmem" Snna ,r.-the tlmcs *hen m* <=ol°ny was (A? ^onn,ost essentially convict, he nto tutind reYer?Ild member) had brought tbêl,^nya,body °f mechanics, perhaps & PUtable that had cver «¿Ted «ok Mtint ZlTT n°í.shocked at this contami Cfatôn "fu- lhey didnot nee from the I »tStdw^if couvict labour- No' th°y I itXfc?cr« i they pursued the path of honest I w£rf dT?y of tbcse mechanics were I S TW01« andof th0 *¥"»» rcsPcct R Ütude nn Vi°- lreatenln6 attitude of the mid 10TerandVh'8qU.CStl,onl.hadbec'1 aU^ded to ot ÜI^HZP ga^i.b0thvin th0 house and out Ä tot »v. AV¿en ** subJ°ct had been knitted .» A Ho-,u,80' hon' members were «hey Wk"H a?d l?ld' thnt the excitement «« Anï.rl °.llly I"1 their 0Wn< : ?wss.thevhoAi thoroal state of that feeling thertoseof ti ,d,nn opportunity of testing at ^d cvl ti, ° a?,m*e- on the last two nignts. »he Ä^'1",1^ very Council, during SyoW the bonorali1rand learTd member for the >Hbn3f ad,re'sing the House, wuso] .ua been surrounded; . and tho proceedings interrupted ¡by a mob ot ruraans, assembled _ to vent their angry but impotent vituperation. ?What Avould bo the result of such a disposition as this if it wore permitted to groAV-it would bo to reduco that Council under the poAver of an ignornnt and factious rubble. They Avould ceaso to deliberate and discuss questions on tho mature judgment they had formed of them, but Avould appeal to the feelings, the passions, the prejudices of the multitudes. Thoy Avould bo reduced to the level of tho French Chamber, where populnr applause and popular censure Avero freely vented. It might bo that the lion, mombor for tho Northumberland boroughs did regret that the lion, mid learned member for Sydney Bhould expose himself by the course he had pursued Avith regard to this measure to any loss of popularity. Ile (Mr. Martin) might also regret it ; but if ho did so, it AVOS for tho sake of his country and his countrymen, and not for the sake of his hon. and learned friend. Tho ficklo multitude might put him out of the Council, they might elect others to the seat Avhich he had so long and so Avorthily filled. But he, knowing ns he believed ho did the mind ot his lion, friend, knew full well that the loss of popularity under such circumstances would not affect him. Loving his country as ho had loved it, serving his countrj' as ho had served it, his heart would not be turned from it by the unworthy return which had been made to that love and those sondees. Tho unworthy motives from Avhich the opposition andabusoof thchon. member sprung, Avhile thoy Avere the Avcnpons of his adversaries, wero a shield of defence to himself. They might forco him to retire from that Council, but lot him retire Avhen ho would, long after this agitation had censed-long after those Avho had succeeded and those who supplanted him had been forgotton in their graves, his name Avould live in holy and A'encratcd remembrance. Whatever his lot now might bo hereafter, -in the pago of history and in the mouths of the future people of this country, he Avould be spoken of ns the poet hod spoken of Homo's latest tribuno and her best. that he in his life, in ltis actions, and in his heart, was Tho forum's champion and tho peoples chief. Major MERUER : The hon. and learned member for Sydney, in the remarks which he had especially addressed to the members for Port Phillip, had alluded to the present cir- cumstances of that province, and to its con- tinued reception of Van Diemen's Land expirées. The conclusion siught to be drawn from these facts was, that the species ot labour alluded to was not regarded there with dis- favour. Now ho should like to put them to the proof. If tho lion, and learned member could point out any way in which the people of Port Phillip could blay this importation, his advice would be readily acted upon. (Hear, hear). Tho members for Port Phillip would most gladly juin with the measure in any manner for the purpose of preventing the landing in any part of the colony of Van Diemen's Land ex- pirées. They would go to any length in order to keep this contamination from their shores. (Hear, hear.) It was scarcely likely, it had been said, that any representations Irom that oolony would have any effect upon the policy of tho Home Qovernment, but this as- sumption wa« at variance with the facts before them. They saw the effect which had boon produced by the mani- festation of popular opinion nt the Cape, and similar results might be expected to flow from the manifestation of popular opinion in this colony, (Hear, hear.) It was a most singular argument upon which the lion, a.id learned member for Sydney had relied in trying to con- vince the Port Phillip members that, in order to prevent contamination among the commu- nity they represented by the introduction of Van Diemen e Land exiles, they must consent to the importation of English convicts into New South Wales. The efLct of this latter measure would be to place them between two fires. Instead of hnving contamination from one source, they would have it from two. Convicts would be poured in upon them on the right hand and on the left (Hear, hear.) He would beg to assure the hon. and learned member for Sydney, that it would give him the deepest sorrow if by any veto of his he was to inflict a real injury upon the Middle I District; but ho believed that he would be oon | suiting the best interests of that district in voting against Uie resumption of transportation. (Hoir.) It had been said, that when Moreton Bay and Port Phillip were cut away, there would be but little of tho land lund left for the importation of labour into Sydney. Ho be- lieved, however, that a better eyBtem of coloni- zation waa about to bo tried, one feature of which would be, that u portion of tho expenses of immigration would be defrayed by the Home Government. They must remember, too, that according to the distinct and incontrovertible proposition of Adam Smith, labour, like any other commodity, would always find its way into the market where it could command the highest prices. He would trouble them with no disquisition upon the morality of the ques- tion ol which they had heard enough to creato nausea. Suffice it to say, that the state of things which had been shown to oxist in Van Diemen's Land proved sufficiently what they might expect here if oonvictism was renewed. The condition of that country ought to be a beacon to warn them from acceding upon any terms to a proposal which would re- duce their own country to n similar state. (Hear.) That unity of purpose and of action among the Australian colonies so necessary to their mutual advantage and prosperity, could never tako place if one was free and another a moto receptacle for convicts. It would be far better for them therefore to join heart and hand in removing from the whole group the principles of contamination which now existed. (Hear, hear,) This country from its position and from its noble harbour would continue the I head of the Australian colonies, and he hoped that nothing would be done which would render it uuwoithy of that position. (Sear, hear.) The question was then put upon Mr. James Macarthur's amendment, which waa negatived without division. It being now twenty minutes to two, Mr. WENTWORTH proposed to adjourn the debate until the following day ; but the Council having divided upon the proposition, it was negatived by a majority of seventeen to seven. Mr. PARKER proceeded to move tim j amendment of which he had given notice-. I that there bu interposed between Mr. Lamb's > second and third resolutions, the following : 1 3. That this Council solemnly protests against the adoption of any measure for the disruem . berment of any part of New South Wales Proper, lying between the 2Gth degree of south latitude, and the boundary of the Port Phillip district, (as defined in the present Constitu- tion Act, 5th and 6th Victoria, c. 76,) for the formation of a penal settlement, or for any other purpose. 4. That the appa- rently contemplated separation from this colony of the districts of Moreton Bay and the Clarence Uiver, for the purpose of their annexation to a new colony, i to be founded to the northward, would bu a grievous injustice to the inhabitants of New j South Wales, who have founded andestablishcd ' these districts, by large dralts from the po- pulation, capital, and stock of that colony, j thus giving value to the waste lands of those districts, upon the security of which, in com I mon with the lands of other parts of New South Wales, a considerable debt has been contracted for the purposes of immigration, in the bene- fits of which the northern districts have largely patticipated. 6. That the formation of these districts into a penal settlement, for tho recep- tion of British criminals, would be a violation of the pledge given by Earl Gtey, that none would be sent to any part of New South Wales contrary to the wishes of the colonists, as ex- pressed by tlte Legislature. 6. That if the exi- gencies of the parent state should require that a penal settlement be formed in the unoccupied portions of this territory beyond the boun- daries of New South Wales proper, it is only just that sufficient Civil and Military Esta- blishments should be maintained at the expense of the British Treasury, for the proper manage- ment, coercion, and control, of the convicta transported thither, so as to provent them from becoming in any way injurious to the neigh- bouring colonies. 7. That the result of all former experience shows it to be absolutely necessary, in order to render a penal establish- ment conducive to the reformation of the cri- minals seat thither, and to prevent démoralisa . tion of the general populition, that there should be conveyed,'.at th¿ same time with such criminals, double the number, at least, of free persons, in equal proportions of the sexes ; and that if this be necessary in a country a'ready occupied by free colonists, it will become doubly so in one where the free popu ' lation will form in the first instance so small a proportion to the bond. 8. That it is only just that all persons originally transporti'd from the United Kingdom, who may bo con- victed of any transportable offence in any colony other than that in which they have served thi>ir sentences, and which may thus have beneQtted by their labour, should bo trans- ported to eome penal settlement of the British Crown, and maintained there during their ser- vitude at the expense of the British Treasury." It was, he said, with great regret that at so late a period, and at a time when the patio ace of honorable members must bo nearly exhausted by the many and lengthened speeches which had been addressed to them, he was called upon to move these amendments. He should, there- fore, be as brief as possible in the observations which he should deem it his duty to address to them. It was impossible to overrate the im- portance of this question ; and if collate) al pro">f of its importance had been necessary, they had it before them in the fact that the indivi- dual members of tho House bud come there from the north and from the south to take a part in the discussion, and to record their votes upon the question at issue. (Hear, hear.) There was not, he believed, a single member of the House absent, with the exception of tho the Right lion. Earl Grey. (Laughter.) He was not one of those who would attempt to limit his view of the question before them to the narrow bounds of the c lony itself. The question of Sfcondary punishment, although one of much difficulty, was nevertheless one with which the Imperial Government must ne- cessarily deal ; and ho believed it would be found tïiat no term of secondary punishment was so efficient as a well devised and well orga- nized system .if transportation. The due ad- ministration of the law, and the maintenance of civil order, in the parent country, wore bound up in tho consideration of this question. It was the opinion of the most eminent states- men of the present day, that tho revolution of France had nrisen chiefly from the want of such a system of secondary punishment as this ; and' that if some means of disposing of the criminals were not adopted, the same scenes of anarchy and confusion, as had occur- red in France, might be expected to result from the accumulation of theso classes in Eng- land. (Hear, hear.) The question, therofore, was one which concerned the whole empire ; and if that House could render any aid to the Imperial Qovcrnment in the solution of this great question, it was their duty to do so. If it was to the interest of the empire to carry on transportation, then they must look to the probabilities of having a penal settlement founded on the northern coast of this continent. Tho Cupo of Good Hope had refused to receive convictB, and their le fusal had been acquiesced in. Western Aus- tralia contained a population equal only to the number of prisoners who would be imported in a single year, and nffirded therefore no field for the absorption of any large number of this class. Van Diemen's Lind was already over- crowded, and was petitioning to bo relieved. Port Phillip had declared against the reception of convicts, and New Zeuluud had made a simi- lar declaration. Besides this, in respect to the latter country, there was a general opinion that I the introduction of convicts among the abori- ¡ ginal races would lead to very serious evils. ! They carno now to their own country, audit was ¡' plain that the people of New South J Wales were equally averse to a resumption of ' transportation to these shores. The home go- vernment would therefore have to form penal , settlements somewhere, and the north-eastern ; shores of this colony would most probably bo '? chosen as the site for such a settlement. (Hear, í hear.) While, therefore, he gave his cordial I adherence to the resolutions proposed by his hon. and. gallant friend the member from Miller's Point, and was as desirous as any to see the question at issue definitively settled. He did not believe those resolutions went far enough. Bearing in mind the probabilities of a penal settlement being established in the i north, to meet the exigencies of Great Britain, j hon. members would see that one of his pro j positions protested against the formation of i any such settlement within the 2Gth degree of south latitude. This was the northern "boun- dary of New South Wales Proper ; and if dismemberment was to be approved, it was absolutely necessary to make this stipulation. It was in his opinion most important that in all the négociations which might take place between this colony and the mother country, thoy must protest against any part of New South Wales proper being cut off for the iormation of a penal colony. They must urge upon the home authorities that to Bend convicts to any placo within these limits would be a breach of the pledge which the colonists had received. It was the more neces- sary that they should protest against dismem- berment for any such purpose, because if their country was cut up into fragments, its influ- ence would bo weakened. (Hear, hear.) Al- though he admitted that Port Phillip had a fair olaim for separation, he doubted very much whether the step was a wise one for Port Phillip itself. Their true strength, he thought, would have been in unity. A mere financial separation might have answered all practical purposes, and by remaining politically united, they would havo possessed an amount of influence which in their divided Btate they would never have. (Hear, hear.) In the proceedings upon the convict question the Minister had made two great mistakes. His first mistake was in not having adhered strictly to «the terms upon which the colony had consented to receive exiles. His second mis I Uko was in the establishment ot Port Curtis. If the terras which had been made had been strictly kept, this country would probably have been benefitted, and the mother country would certainly have been relieved to a very great extent. (Hear, hear.) The honorable mem- ber for the Northumberland boroughs had, with great force and perspicuity, laid before the House the arguments which were necessary to show that transportation, as formerly carried on, was not only demoralising to the colonists, but was politically expensive and uneconomical. It was not necessary, therefore, to go over this ground. He believed that the principle of all the amendments which he had proposed was assented to with the exception of two of them, and he should therefore proceed briefly to state the reasons which had induced him to frame the two resolutions thus objected to. An understanding hairing been now arrived at among the majority of the members that it would bo better to adjeurn, an adjournment until noon on the following day was proposed by Mr. PAUKER. This motion was carried on division by a majority of nineteen to six, it being then half-past two. TUESDAY. j The preliminary business having been dis- posed of. Mr. PARKER resumed his remarks upon the amendment which he had moved. The mere adoption of the proposition which had been made by his honorable and gallant friend the member from Miller's Point might induce a belief that there would be no objection to J the formation of a penal settlement within the northern limits of New South Wales as at present constituted, provided that New South Wales, as it would be bounded after the de- tachment of Moreton Bay, was left free from any such importation of criminals. It appeared desirable to him that there should be upon the face of the resolutions adopted by that House a protest against the proposed dismemberment, as well as a protest against the formation of any penal settlement within the present limits of the colony. He also thought it desirable that there should be a strong expression of opinion against the forma- tion of any penal settlement in their vicinity, without the accompaniment of those safeguards which the colony was entitled to expect. It i was with these views that the sixth and seventh of his proposition?, which some hon. members i seemed to think out of place, had been framed. i The reason why Inn. members thought these propositions out cf place was, that they did I not regard it as within the scope of the duties and the power conferred upon that Council, to \- dictate to the Imperial Government any termB \- to be adhered to in the formation .of penal set ? tlementa. From this view he wholly differed. Î If these penal settlements were to be esta i bliahed in the immediate vicinity of New South Wales, the interests of New South V ales would be affected by them, and the Legislature of that country must have, thercf)re, first to protect these interests by every means in their power, and to protest against any measure» which would affect them injuriously. (Hear, hear ) Were no such opinion expressed, the Home Government migh» fairly conclude that penal settlements of any kind might be formed in the immediate viunitv of the colony, without eliciting any opposition, provided that the colony itself nas not declared a place to which c invicts might be sent I hey were bound to resist, in any legiti- mate way, the formation ot any penal settle menta in their neighbourhood, unless these set- tlements wero accompanied by the necessary safeguard Suppose any hon member of that House resided in Lyons-terrace, and a dis orderly house was to be established on each side of him, Burel) he would have aright to urge upon his landlord an abatement of the nuisance And tho case of the colony was a stronger one. The tenant could move away from the annoyance, but it was not so with the colony and its people If a penal es- tablishment was formed in the north, as doubt- less there would be, they would bear all the lniury without any of tho corresponding benefit Without adopting some resolution of this kind they would, therefore, be doing nothing to pro- tect themselves against the evil consequences which might ensue from the establishment of a con wet colony in their vicinity. It was to this that they ought to direct their attention The charges and counter charges of inconsis- tency which had been urged during the present discussion, and the personalities which had been made use of, were all beside the question (Hear, hear ) AU the arguments which had been addressed to them with reference to the forcing of convicts upon the colony were equally irrelevant There was no attempt to force convicts upon them They wero simply asked to como to a conclusion whether they would receive these people or not (Hear, hear ) He trusted they should determino against the resumption of transpor- tation by a sufficient majority, to create m the Minister's mind an unequivocal conclusion that their decision must be regarded as a posi- tive and final one As to the feelings out of doors, there could be no mistake whatever (Hear, hear ) He should be sorry that any- thing should occur which could create a doubt as to tho effect of their decision. Rather than be tho cause of creating such a doubt, he would make any sacrifice, and in order that Ins own amendments might cast no impediment in the way, he proposed to have them put to the House seriatim The great question was one upon which all minor differences of opinion should give way for the assertion of the prin- ciple at issue. (Hear, hear ) His last pro- position was one which he hoped the House would have no difficulty in pas«mg It re- lated to the stipulations which should be mad« with the House with reference to the re transportation of offenders originally sent from Englana and vinous other parts of the British dominions us convicts. The colony was at present subjected to a grievous expense for the coer- cion and punishment of persons who had arrived m this character (hear, hear). He need only refer hon. members to a return upon the table of the House, slowing the number and conditions of the persons at present suffer- ing punishment at the penal establishment on Cockatoo Island. It would appear from that return, that there wero no less than sixty of these old offenders to twelve natives of the colony, mid fifty-one persons who arrived free (Hoar, hear) And there was every proba- bility of their continuing to suffer in this way from the importation of expirce convicts The lion, and learned Attorney-General had relied greatly upon the operation of the Vagrancy Act to prevent these evils, but the Sydney Morning Herald of that day most opportunely for the purposes of that debate-gave them a report of a speech, made by the Secretary of State on the Australian Colonies Bill, in the House of Lords, wherein it was stated, that of all the Acts recently sent, the Vagrancy Act was the one selected for disallowance. iHear, hear). His Lordship said, The home government retained, and tlioy must re. tain, if they wero to retain the colonies at oil, the power to advise her Majesty to disallow the acts pasted by tlio Assembly, although, up to the period of their being disallowed, they canto into inmediato operation. It »as absolutely necessary that this power of dniillowing should bo retained, for it was absolutely impocslblo to give a definition beforehand of the cases in which the Crown might giro up, and the cases in which the Crown must retain the power of disallowing. Ile would give an iustance in point, Tlio nets passed by the Législa- tive Council of New South Wales during the last session had just como homo, and thero was only ono of thoso acts in which, so for as he had examined, ho was ftfraid lier Majesty's assent must bo withheld. Now, what did the llouso suppose was the character of that act? It was an act relating to vagrancy. Now. it would appear nt first sight that a Vagrancy Act was one of the safest mea- sures of internal regulation that could be entrusted to a local legislature ; but the fact was, that it contained a flagrant violation of one (if tlio acknowledged proroga- tives of the Crown ; and it did so happen that on look ing over the list of definitions which had been proposed in the other llouso, of what were to be regarded as Crown rights and what colonial rights, not one of the definitions of the prerogatives of the Crown thero con- tained would apply to this measure. Tho violation of the Royal prerogative consisted in this, that all pcrioni who had ever been convicts, though they miglithato received a conditioiiil pardon, would be subjected iu all time coming to very rigorous restrictions. Ile suid, therefore, it was imposslblo to define with strictness beforehand what were tho cases in which the powers of tho Crown should, and in what they should not, be ex- ercised. Further, ho would add, that ono of tho most useful functions which he thought tho homo Govern- ment could discharge to these Infant states, was to give tlum the advantage of their greater experience, and with all respect be It said, of their greater know- ledge This supposed safeguard, therefore, Avas in reality no safeguard at all. (Heir, hear.) Another evil which had grown out of the convict system was, the large accumulation of pauper», few of whom were of the immigrant or native bom classes. The colonista had great reason to complain of the injustice which the Home Governnent had been guilty of in » ith drawing the aid formerly granted to the Bene- volent Asjlum. (Hear, hear.) Bearing in mind all those evils which had been entailed I upon them by the convict system, they had, ho concaved, a right to make >uch stipulations as were contained in the seventh resolution, and he hoped, therefore, that the House would accede to it. Mr. DANGAR : He waB as unable to concur in the amendment proposed by his hon. friend the Chairman of Committees, as in the original motion of the hon. member from Miller's Point. The amendment assumed towards the Queen and the Imperial Government a tone of dictation which was highly objectionable. If tho Home Government thought it necessary to form a penal settlement, could any one suppose that any dictation as to the position of this settlement would be submitted to. (Hear, hear.) Tho country in the north, beyond the 26th degree of south latitude, had been spoken of as affording a field for the establishment of a penal settlement. They all knew, ho wo ver, I thut this country was as hot as fire-that it \ was a place where convicts could scarcely live. These northern regions, it was well known, were the most inhospitable part of their coast. It was tho impenetrable brush and swamps of thiB region which led to the loss of that enter prising traveller, Mr, Kennedy, and his party. (Hear, hear.) When the Imperial Govern- ment had the regions of the south and the west open to them, it was very unlik'iy that at the dictation of that House they would eend the convicts to perish miserably in the inhospitable and unhealthy regions of the north. He was not disposed to vote for any amendment short of that proposed by his hon. friend the member for Camden, which the Council had been BO unwise as to refuse. The terms ttipulated for in that amendment were perhaps somewhat higher than the colony had any reason to expect would be acceded to ; but still those terms might have been accepted by the Home Government in its present position, and if so accepted, they would have been the salvation of this colony, while the reception of these exiles would certainly have done the country no harm. (Hear, hear.) It had been said that these exiles would be but as a drop in the bucket, as respected their proportion to the demand for labour ; but those who made use of this argument, appeared to have lost sight of the emigrants by whom it waa proposed they should be accompanied. He must assert, however, that the importation of 3000 of these exiles, and their dispersion among the wilds and sheep-walks of the colony, would do more good than the importation of 16,000 emigrants of the class ordinarily sent. It was vain to expect any supply of labour from emigration alone. They must be well aware that the Home Govern ment in its present st-kte of financial difficulty, would notgo to the expense of sending em grants to Aust'alia, unless there was some counter balancing advantage to induce this outlay , and the present condition of the land fund precluded the hope of any large îuiport, tioii being paid for from th.a quarter. (Hear, hear) The hon. Chairmrn of CommittecH had laid it down, that if a 30 lony was established to the northward of the twenty-sixth degree, the convicts who mij,ht be sent there would bo accompanied by a clue proportion of free emigrants. By other speakers however, it was laid down with equal force thi emigrants would not come to a place where convicts had been sent. And if this was the case with regard to New Sjuth Wales, how was it possible to procure them for the arid and unhealthy regions of the north ? (Hear, hear.) His experience, how ever, had taught him that all these assertions as to the impossibility of inducing free men and convicts to work together was all mere clap-trap. The Home Government would erect a penal colony ju^t where they pleased, and the nearer the better, for by its proximity they would get a supply of go d labourers. It was wholly contrary to the philanthropic spirit of the age to plice thes1 unhappy men, as the House would have them placed, amidst the swamps and scrubs of the north, where their lives would not be worth ten years' purchase. The Home Government would doubtless see the necesuty of continuing the reformatory system, which had already been tried, and which had been found to work so successfully The gang system hehoped never to see aga n in operation, Norfolk Island and Van Diemen's Land, and afforded them suf- ficient proof of the evils which would result from herding men together in massei. Die only way to reform tho convict was to treat mm as a free man-to afford a chance of raisinq himself in the social scale, and to place before his eyes the example constantly afforded lum by mingling with a free population (Hear, hear ) He must take leave to say, that his feelings were not so blunted as certain lion, members had assumed them to be. lie had never intended to speak of rape as a minor offence He had only omitted to use the term " generally" in speaking of the character of tho off-mccs which ho had enumerated. He had as great a horror as any of them of the crime alluded to. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry that after so lengthened a discussion, the House wns likely to arrive at no better result. The hon. and learned member for Sydney had, w ith great ability, drawn their attention to the evils with whtch the course they were about to take would be attended ; and he much re- gretted to find that they were nevertheless still disposed to consummate these evils. Iho decision which they were about to arrive at wou'd show that the Council and the people had not viewed this question as men of busi- ness (Hear, hear, hear.) Had they been the man of business they were supposed to be, they would have pointed out some course m which the home government could hive met and co-operated with them to provide that labour which in the present position of the colony would prevent them from providing at its own cost. If the Crown had any such thing as prerogative, it would form ponai set- tlements where it pleased, without paying the slightest attention to the dictation of this or that legislative body,-such dictation, in fact, appeared to him completely farcical. Great reliance had been placed during the argument upon the depreciation of property in Van Die men's Land, and this depreciation had very ungenerously been placed to the account of the convict system He was not acquainted with Van Diemen's Land, but he believed that it was more of an agricultural than a pastoral country. Agricultural operations required a great deal of capital to work them out success- fully, and the depreciation of property in Van Diemen's Land might be more fairly attributed to the want of this capital, than any effects of the convict system. But there was no want of instances, even in New South Wales, of a similar depreciation of property In his own neighbourhood even, a large and valuable pro- perly, that ot the late Dr Bowman, had been sold at the rate of three shillings per acre, far less than the value of tho buildings which had been erected upon it And the depreciation in the value of property here must be placed to the account of ttie high price of labour. | I (Hear, hear ) The original motion dealt with I the proposition before the House briefly enough It at once told the Home Govern- ment that neither exiles nor any other class of prisoners must be sent to the colony any more. (Hear, hear, hear ) This, he con tended was wrong If labour of the kind alluded to was imported, their funds would be replenished. They were offered a large impor- tation of labour for nothing, when they had not the means of importing labour for themselves, and it was most foolish to cast the offer from them because some of the labourers might bear stains upon their character, and because they were deemed immoral as a body. (Ironical cheers If they were immoral, that was their misfortune, and by bringing among them a sufficient number of teaohere, they might bo reformed, lhia colony, in fact, uff jrded a sig- nal example of the facility with which, uuder proper management, a reformation of this de- scription might be effected. (Heir, hear ) Mr. DONALDSON would, with the per- mission of the House, make a few remarks in reference to the resolutions of which he had given notice, as an amendment on the résolu tiona before the House The amendment of which he had given notice was, that the fol- lowing resolutions be added to the resolutions of the honorable member from Miller's Point (Mr Lamb) '* 4 That moreover, while it is the deliberate opinion of this Council that the oest interests of the whole lustraban group of colonies would be promoted by the cessation of transportation to any portion of them, this Council sees reason to fear, from recent debates m Parliament, as well as from a provision in- troduced into the Bill for the Government of the Australian Oolonies, that in th» event of this Council adhering to its determination not to admit under any condi'ions the de ported criminals of the United Kingdom, it is contemplated by the Imperial authorities to dismember the districts situated north of the thirtieth degree of south latitude, and to con- tinue transportation to that portion of this co- lony, while it will also be continued simulta- neously to Van Diemen's Land 6 That any such dismembe ment of this colony would in- volve a violation of the promise contained in the Despatch, No 174, dated 16th November, 1849, from the Right Honorable Earl Grev to His Excellency bir Charles Augustus Fitz Roy, not to send convicts to New South Wales, bhuuld the opinion of the colonists, as ex- pressed by the Legislature, continue advérse- lo that measure, while the continuation of transportation to Van Diemen's Land is like- wise in violation of the solemn engagements entered into with that colony through His Ex cellency Sir William Denison, m the year 1847 6 I hat the necessary consequences of such measures, if persisted in by the Imperial Government, would be to subject the whole of the Australian Group, and more especially this colony, to an influx of criminals-many of I them prematurely manumitted- thereby reliev- ing the Imperial Treasury from the cost of their maintenance and coercion, and throwing that cost most unfairly, and without any counter- vailing advantages or mitigating influence what- ever, upon those colonies , while, as regards New South Wales in particular, the obvious result would be non nally to rescind the Order in Council which now authorises the deporta- tion of criminals from the United Kingdom to its shores , but in effect to make this colony, despite its protest, and against its will, the great receptacle for the crime of the empire. 7\. That this Council, therefore, solemnly pro tests against any dismemberment of the northern districts of this colony, and against the continuance of a course ot policy which it feels to be unjust, pernicious, and in every way indefensible , and declares, as its de- liberate opinion, that if the state of society in the mother country, and a due regard to her own safety, forbid that she should retain, with- in her bosom, the criminals whom her law now subjeots to transportation, it is her bounden duty, as a Christian nation, to found some place for the reception of these unhappy out- casts from her social system, if on this conti nent, so remote from the several colonies of the I Australian group, and under such stringent and salutary regulations, as to preclude their ingress into any of those colonies without the express concurrença and consent of the several colnninl legislatures. 8. That the last four resolutions bo embodied in addresses to the two Houses of Parliament, and that the ad tbeSs tfi the House of Lord" be transmitted for presentation by Lord Monteagle, and that to the tl-iuss of Commons by the Hon. Francis Scott," With regnrd to the amendment of the honor able member (Mr. Parker J now under the consideration of the House, lie should regret, if they were to bo passed at all, that they should not be passed as «i whole. But he thought that the boBt course they could adopt was to adopt the resolutions of which he had given notice as a rider to the resolutions of Sir. Lamb. He did not think the original resolutions were suf- ficient to meet tho exigency of the case. It would be of no avail that, they protet-tsd against the reception of exiles in this colony, while convictism in so unmitigated an extent prevailed in Van Diemen's Land, and when un- der the system of premature manumission which prevailed thousands of convicts were rapidly be- coming conditionally free, and who would cer'ainly at once leave a colony where the rate of wages ivas low, to coma to one Avhere the rate of wages was high. After the very protracted debate which had taken pl-tco he did not niall to detain the House with many observations. Ho had hoped, that with some slight altera- tions, that the first series of amended resolu- tions which had been placed on the table by the honorable member for Camden, would have been passed, but he certainly could not agree with the altered amendment he had placed upon the paper. The resolutions which he had proposed to be introduced were almoët the same as some of those in the first amendment of the honorable member for Camden, in the drawing up of which he had had some Bhare ; and ho .thought the public AVOUIJ be belter satisfied if they adopted the amendment he had proposed, than any other proposition that had been brought before the House. The question at present seemed to be thii-which would be the best for the colony : -Mr. Lamb's bare re- solution, asking f 't the revocation of the Order in Council making New South Wale* a penal settlement ;" Mr. Macarthur's amendment, pro- tested against the dismemberment of More- ton Bay, and consenting to receive exiles under conditions; theadoptioti of the 3rd, 4'th, fíth. and 6th of Mr. Parker's resolutions which it appeared were the only ones the House was likely to entertain, or his own. He should certainly very much dislike to see the resolutions of Mr. Parker pass in an emascu- lated shape, while, as he had before said, he could not vote for the proposition of the honor- able member for Camden ; while the original resolutions were so bare that they left the ques tion of the dismemberment of the colony, and the continuance of transportation to any of the neighbouring colonies entirely open to the Mi - nister. The question of order waB here raised, whe- ther, if Mr. Parker's resolutions went to a divi- sion, some of them being materially the same as those of Mr. Donildson, the litter honorable member could propose his amendment. The SPEAKER decided they would be out of order. Mr. DONALDSON resumed : He Avas very sorry to hear that the amendment he in- tended to propose was inadmissible, because he believed that it would have been more accep- table to the House and to the country than any other that was before them. But the rules of the House with regard to the construction to be put upon amendments, were so complicated, that he confessed his inability to understand them. In his opinion, if Mr. Parker's íesolu tions were to be garbled in the way the House seemed disposed to garble them, the question would be left in a worse stJte than it would under the original resolution*. It would have been far better to have introduced into any re- solution-in fact, to have made the foundation of any resolution-the broad principle that no convicts should hereafter be sent to any of the Australasian group of colonies. The English Government would then have been placed on the horns of a dilemma. It would have'either to have resolved whether it would send to all i r send to norn. But if they sent a mere bald resolution home, declaring that they would receive no convicts hero at all, they Avould stand in the worst possible position. The Government at home would receive such a proposition with perfect indiffer- ence, as it would only alter their plans so far as the locality was concerned. If"this Council meant to deal seriously with the question of transportation at all, let them protest against its continuance to any one of the Australasian colonies. Let them say they shall not be s°nt to New South Wales, to Port Phillip, to Van Diemen's Land, to South Australia, or to .Moreton Bay ; for 6end them to any one of these settlements, and all the others will equally ex- perience all the bad effects of it without deriv- ing any of the benefit. This was the point on which he all along wished to make himself un- derstood. If British criminals were sent to any ona of these colonies, they would find their way here, and the colonists would have to maintain und restrain them. He found that, out of 225 prisoners at Cockatoo Island, 160 were originally British criminals, and these criminals were maintained there at the cost of the colony, in addition to these, there were 95 convicts serving their original sentences, and these wero maintained at the expense of the Home Government. Thus it was, and thus it would continue to be ; every week, under the system of the manumission of criminals, now in operation in Van Diemen's Land, would briug an additi n to their present population, and fresh occupants for their goals, and the misery and expense that would thus be indefinitely fixed upon the colony would be incalculable. In the address which he had the honour of delivering to the House on the occasion of bringing for- ward his resolutions relative to the removal of the military, he had mentioned the case of a man named Lowe, an expirée from Van Die men's Land, who was convicted at the last Criminal Court of a succession of burglaries. During the last week another case had occurred, to show the enormity of this system. A man named Lloyd, committed an assault on Mr. Ormsby, governor of the island, by breaking hiB head with a ruler. Now this man had spent twenty-six years of a^short life in irons. He had been in Norfolk Island, and had there been convicted, why not hanged, he was sure he could not say, of unnatural crime, and during the whole term of his course of life had never turnçd a spade. He would not do it,-and yet this man, hardened, depraved, dangerous and irreclaimab'e, was now the convict of this colony for life. This was the tendency of the system at present in operation, and it was this that he objected to; and he must say, that the bald resolutions before the Hou3s would not do i away with these evils. They would be perpe- tuated as long as any penal settlement existed . amongst these colonies, whether it were esta- blished beyond the 26th degree of south latitude or not. No matter how distant it might be, so long as this colony was accessible, these criminals would come in here. Therefore he again declared that all resolutions would stop open of the main end to be achieved, which did not comprehend the whole of the Austra- lian Colonies, in the emancipation from con victism. The resolution of his hon, friend Mr. Parker only went to widen the distance be- tween Sydney and the place where the con- victs should be landed. But of what avail would this be? The convicts could as easily travel the one distance as the other. The British Government needed not build Parkhurst prisons here to confine these crimi- nals ; and until it did so, he could not see, look- ing at, the question either in a moral or a fiscal point of view, that it made much difference to which colony of the group convicts should be sent. The poorest would have the fewest of them, and the richest and most prosperous the most. Then the fourth resolution of the lion, member (Mr. Parker) referred to the dismem- berment from this colony of the district of Moreton Bay. Without reference to the trans-1 portation question at all, he had no doubt the time would come when, on other grounds, the severance of this colony would be sought by the residents of that district. He theiefore thought this resolution impolitic. It appeared to him sufficient to protest against any violation of the pledge made to this colony, that no con- victs should be sent to any part of it, and this was contemplated in the fifth resolution. He did not think that any of the amendments be- fore the House were satisfactory, and he should i therefore vote for the original resolutions, ? although he was sure they could have no good ' effect. On the contrary, he believed that those i who had placed those resolutions on the paper would be the very first to repent the course they had tnken. But in the bewilderment which had been caused by the introduction of one proposition after another, he had male up , his mind to oppo;e any addition to the original resolutions. Io voting for these, he should affirm a proposition which in the abstract wa* true in itself, but which was not true to that extent which he deemed desirable. Mr. BERRY again addressed the House in opposition to the motion under discussion, but spoke for the most part in so lo* a tone that of his remarks only a few detached sentences were audible in the gallery, His argument« however, was understood to be that the- deter- mination which had been formerly arrived at» of discontinuing transportation to this colony« had been based upon insufficient evidence, and had rather sprang from a belief that New South Wales had had already too much advan« tage from this system, thnn from any belief that its discontinuance would prove beneficial. As to the separation of Moreton Bay, the honorable member was understood to say, that as this part of tha territory had been formed and settled at their expense, they had, as a matter of justice, a right to complain against its being detached from the central district. Mr. JAMES MACARTHUR, : Since he had taken part in this discussion on a previous occasion, the dab J te had assumed so cumpli« cated a character, that it was somewhat difficult to see what the effect would ha of voting n;; únst the resolutions of the bun. member from Parra- matta, Mr. Parker, as he was on his legB, although he did not intend to detain the House at any length, ho might avail himself of the opportunity to make a few remarks. Con* siderable light as to the policy which the Go« vernment of Great Britain intended to pursue was thrown by the debate which took place on thu Prison Bill, of which a resume appt ared in the Times newspaper, of the 17th April last. In that article he found the following pas* eases : Wero tbo prisoners who are annually subjected tose condary punishments at tho various quarter sessions and ussizes ca6t loose upon tho English counties after undergoing their various terms of imprisonment, before many years wero out a " criminal minority would bo formed in this country, having a perpetual tendency to enlist into its ranks tha ndventurous, the needy, and the young- oil who by their sympathies, all who by their inexperience aud ignorance, ure more ready to look for a livelihood to thu precarious gams of crime than to the painful efforts of mere industry. But it is almost idle to say that, pr.ictlcnlly, there li no such collision between the ultimate interests of the criminal and the general security of society as is indi« cated in the argument as it has just been statoJ. Tha most nervous philanthropist and tho most cold-blooded statesman can shako hands upon tho policy of removing convicted criminal« from our shores. To send a convict nbruad to a distant colony, in willoh after the expira* tion of n certain number of years lie is set freo with the certainty of employment beforo him, and without any of the teinptutiuns at hand which prompted him in the first instance to the commission of crime, is to maka a mau of bim once more, to give bim, as it were, a fresh start in life, with all tho benefits of past suffering and past experience. What should a man wlthuuta cha- racter do at home, when thousands, nay millions, of our poor countrymen who have preserved an unblemished nurno in their littlo circles from their childhood up» wards, find it so difficult to procure means ol subsis- tence throughout the year tor themselves und their little ones 1 On the point at issue between Lord Wodehouse und'Lord .Monteagle, to which we briefly advorted above, wo aro rather inclined to think that Lord .Monteagle spoke more correctly for past time-Lord Wodehouse for tho present. There wus a very different idea of ex- patriation cntertiined ten years ago amongst the humbler classes of English society from that which ob- tains at present. Fifteen, or even ten years ago, we question If the peasants and lower artizans of this country thought much otherwise of transportation than did our ancestors generally in the days of Dofoe, when the American plantations furnished the popular idoii of forced expatriation. But this is now changed. A Dor- setshire labourer would tell you that if ha could get to Australia hil expectations would bo limited to good wilges nt first, with tho ultimate prospect of rising to be a petty farmer, t>ut that the fulfilment of snob un expecta- tion would constituto his Elysium. From thin reflec- tion to a consideration of tho drawbacks inseparable from a convict's lot is bat a simple stop. Ofwhat ¿real moment would be three or four years' durance whim set against the prospect of comfort for HfJ ? It WUB only the other day-and at Taunton, if wo remomuor right that Mr. Justice Erle had occasiou to remaráupou the f.ict, that two prisoners had actually committed the crimes of which they stood convicted with tlie intention of getting conveyed to a distant colony at the public expense. As a matter of cold-blooded calculation, who shall say that those persons were wrong ? Very shrewd opinions are getting abroad on this matter. A dutnnl colony, whether or no it be a penal one, is no longer looked upon as an El Dorado or u hell, but simplv tu a very d». Blrable neighbourhood. The question is how to set there. "* Before he proceeded with the question, ha - would say that these few petty remarks fur- nished a very good answer to the arguments they had heard throughout this debate, which had been frequently used out of the Hous.>, as to the morality of this question. He was dis* posed to think, that the attack» mad.: upon the system upon this score, arose for the most part from people whose morbid morality made them arrogate to ihetnselvo a fancied excellence over oth' rs which they did not possess. The pnsiage which he had quoted seemed to show, that the expatriation of prisoners from Great Britain, for the purpose of reformation, must now bo dealt with as a substantial fact, not as a speculative experiment. It must be considered with refe» renee to the necessity of such a system, and not with the morbid sensitiveness, tim Dime Quickly sort of sentiment, with which some people approached the consideration of this _ great question. The writer went on to say : - It is absolutely necessary for tha public safety, us WS before said, that the criminal population should here, moved, «nd yet a heavy discouragement must be civen to the propagation amongst the labouring population of such an opinion as tho one we have described. Will the Government system of solitary imprisonment, and ¡creed labour upon public works in the public view, actas a sufficient drawback, and diminish the pleasures of tha prospect of a gratuitous pissugo to Australia, with other advantages ? We know not, The experiment ii worth trying, lins anything moro politic buen pro. posed? If su- by whom, and what is it? It is merely Idle to suppose that iu such a question as this we catt ever proceed otherwise than by approximations ; and we will add, that the course which may bo thenisost for the year 1850 may not in ita details be the most ad. vtsable for the year 1870. The development of our colonies, the progrès:) of education at home, must be taken into account, and must modify our practice. Th» question of secondary punishment probably never will be solved neatly and succinctly like a problem from Euclid or a proposition of Newton. Wo must do the best we can from time to time, and be content. He was at all times unwilling to read too much from any papers, for fear he should weary the patience of hon. members ; but there was one other extract which it would be well for the House to consider Tho bill for remodelling the system under which the transportation of convicts from this country is con« ducted was road a third time in the Lords last week. If any one should desire to form a correct appreciation ot the difficulties with which the subject is surrounded, he would do well to study tho debato of Friday night, The question of Secondary Punishments is one which is almost entirely removed from tho arona of party an- tagonism and purty tactics. Without going so far as to say that ex-Colonial Secretaries have not something of a propensity to scan the ptopositious of an actual Colo» nial Secretary with a very keen and critical eye, W8 must do Lords Stanley and Lyttleton the justice to say that they handled tho Government bill in a spirit of per. feet moderation and fairness. Tiley fully admitted the difficulties with which Lord Groy hud to coulerfd~î~they pointed out to him with marvellous perspicuity ana sagacity the ovil consequences of any particular course he might soo tit to adopt ; they called tho attention of the IIouso to the history of past failures; they concluded their addresses witli vaguo admonitions and suggestions to tho effect that the time had come when Govern» incnt must bo prepared to grapple with the difficulty In alargo and comprehensive spirit. Dut wo do not find that us tho result of their oflic-ial experience either of the noble Lords was prepared to furnish us with a bint towards the solution of a difficulty which is as deeply lamented nt it is fully admitted. He could wish that this question of secondary punishment was " entirely removed from the arena of party antagonism and party tactics" in this colony, for he must say that these in» . fluences had most injuriously interfered with the discussion of this question. It would be seen, also, from this extract, that even in the Imperial Parliament, in the House of Lords, this question was surrounded by the same difficulties, and was impeded in its settlement by the same obstacles. Hiving thus alluded to the opinions on this subject which were being promulgated at home, he now felt called upon to a'lude to some observations which had been made on the previous evening by the lion, and reverend member for Sydney, and which had indirect personal icfercnce to himself. He should not have felt this course to be necessary but from a remark made by his hon. and learned friend the Attorney-General, to the effect that one act of rebellion occurring yean ago, was no excuse for another that might have been committed now. He was quite aware that the words of his hon. friend might bear a construction, that the act which waa alluded to by the hon. and rev. atembe,*, and which took place in 1808, was not neces- sarily an act of rebellion, but as the two acts . had been mixed up together, he thought it right to oller some explanation. The hon. and rev. member had introduced the remark in a peculiar way. He was replying totheobser« I vations which had fallen from Captain King, and Hocusing that hon. member with having dishonestly quoted his words, when he sod« deal* threw off to speak oí an act which taft; rentially reflected on himself (Mr. James Mac- arthur) through one who was now no more. He made no use of such language as the lion, and rev. member had accused him of. AU he had raid in reference to the subject was, to express his regret that the hon. and gallant member had not explained his conduct on listening to language insulting to the British flag Mr. LAMB rose to order. He had borne tho ' attacks of the bon. gentleman quite long enough, and he would now take the opinion of the Speaker whether these remarks on his conduct outside of th« Houq« were in order or not. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : As it was his remark that had induced the honorable member to allude to this subject, he would State that hp did not intend to characterise the act of 1808 ; but what he did say wai, that any act of rebellion committed yeais ago, offered no excuse for any act of sedition committed now. The SPEAKER thought it would be wise for honorable members to refrain from any personal allusions. (After some further attempts at explanation, ?which Mr. Lamb interrupted by calling him to orde'), _ Mr. MACARTHUR resumed : "With re- gard to any inconsistency in his opi- nions now and those he entertained in 1836, he would offer a few words in explanation. Although if it were only a matter of personal consequence, he nhould not think it worth his While as he thought that the extracts he had read from the Times showed thit on a subject like this, it was impossible for any man to retain the same opinions from ten years to ten year?, under the altered circumstances which the lapse of such a period might produce. It had been said, that ho (Mr. Macarthur) WBB one of the great causes of the discontinuance of transportation. Now, he begged in loto to deny this statement. If they looked at the book which had been BO much alluded to, and the evidence he gave before the Parliamentary Committee, it would be seen that he was in favour of the continuance of transportation, but not to the continuance of assignment, as he be- lieved that system was worn out, and not suited to the position in which the colony was then placed. Had the assignment system been pro- perly conducted, there was no doubt that it might, have been made the best of all systems Of reformatory punishment ; but a fundamental error was made at the very outset of the sys- tem. There was not a sufficient body of free settler-, to grow the grain which was required for ihi> support of the colonists, and conse- quently the Government of those days was compelled to adopt the only alternative of making small farmprs of the convicts of good character, and ultimately they also had ser Arante assigned to them-a system which pro- duced incalculable mischief, and led to all the fatal errors which afterwards marked the history of the assignment system in this colony. The necessary result of it wa9, that in many instances the master» were worse than the ?ervants, and aided the servants in carrying on their schemes of villany and depredation. But it was needless for him to point out in detail the results of a system so obviously injurious ; but from fatal error led to the discontinuance of the assignmnent system, and it was quite clear that it could never now he resumed to advantage in the Australian colonies. He trusted the English people would be furnished with such a resume of this debate, as would enable them to understand the argu- ments u«ed on either side ; and he felt confi- dent when the whole of these arguments came to be reviewed, the strength and force would be found to be on his side. (Irounical cheers.) Une attack had been made upon him to which he felt it necessary to allude. It had been .aid by the hon- member for the Northumber- land boroughs, that it waa his (Mr. Mac- arthur'») object to beat down the wages of labour. Mr. NICHOLS : The honorable mem- ber had misunderstood ; all that he had said was. that the natural consequence Of the introduction of the class of labour under a system of exUeiam would be to depress the rate of wages. Mr. MACARTHUR: The explanation of the lion, gentleman was perfectly aa>isfactory, but he could not agree with him as to what the effects of this si stem would be with regard to the price of labour. He did not think the «Sect would be to depress wa;es, but to pre ?erve that equilibrium between labour and capital which if destroyed would only cause suffering to the labouring classes, and which would destroy the capital of the country. It would interfere with the trade and commerce and industrial pursuits of the colony, by embarrassing those classes who, by the intelligence, education, enterprise, and knowledge they possessed, must be able to bring to bear a greater amount of prn tical wisdom in such pursuits than could be by a lower and inferior class. The popular delusion, that excessive wages indicated the prosperity of the working class had, he thought, worn away ; and it certainly was not his wish to revert to the onposite extreme, and depress wages unfairly. It was also one of his resolutions, that the land revenue should be placed at the disposal of the colony for the for- mation of public works. The establishment of railroads, the repair of the roads they had, and whioh were going rapidly to ruin, were means in which labour could be profitably and most advantageously employed. He envied not the purblind views of those who looked only to the present on this question, who con aidered only the immediate benefit it would have on this colony, casting OUt ot their view its bearing on the empire at large. He could not descend to so paltry, ?0 pitifut a comprehension of this great mea- sure. He would again entreat the calm, deli- berate, and dispassionate a'tent ion of the House, to the broader and more statesmanlike aspect of this question. Were they, a paltry depend .noy in this remote quarter of the globe, to ap- proach their Sovereign and say she should not .xereise her highest prerogative, the brightest jewel in her Crown-the attribute of mercy. (A. laugh from Mr. Lamb.) The hon. member Bight laugh at this subject ; he expected nothing better from him. But it was not to him he was addressing his observations. He was not capable of taking a broad statesmanlike imperial view of this question. But to that House he appealed. He asked them to join with the English Minister in carrying out this great, this noble, and philanthropic scheme ; and he trusted the result of their decision would be to bring into generous life and warmth that almost divine attribute, the virtues of which had been so beautifully described by the'gieat dramatic Poet. Mr. LAMB rose to reply : at the close of a debate the longest that had ever token place in the walla of that Council, exhausted as he was with the attention he had poid to every Seakcr, he should trespass on the time of the ouse as briefly as possible. It was with much satisfaction that at lost ho found himself in a position to reply to the observations which fc£d been made, not only on his motion, but also on himself, by various hon. members. When he had the honor of placing that motion OH the paper, he was well aware that he was exposing himself to the hostility of a powerful, party, both within and without those walls. But believing the measure to be a juát and necessary one.he had never despairedofcarryingitthrough. Although the battle might rage fiercely,, he was fully prepared for the heavy artillery of the hon. and learned member for Sydney, I the musketry fire of the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, the rifle crack of the hon. mad learned member for Bathurst, and the operations of the sapping and mining corps from Camden. Indeed the only weapon he did not expect to be assailed with, was the ahrapnell thrown by the hon. member for Dur- ham, but happily even that, though it fizzed and cracked and made a great noise after all did no great damage in his ranks. In a cer- tain speech made by the hon. member, on the subject of the removal of the mUitary from the Colony, he had introduced a tale of the present century, in which he likened the efforts of ¿imself and those who acted with him in this question, to those of the heroine of his narrative, a bustling old lady called Dame Partington. Perhaps it would be but courteous for him to repay the kindness ' of the honorable member, by treating him in return to a talc of the last century.-In the year 1715, the dykes of Stakricham were out ofi repair, and the Town Council proclaimed their | desire to have them mended. The Town Council being known ns good paymasters, there were many persons offered to do the .job, but Jan Struven having somo good friends in tho Conncil, he was employed. Jan Struven had not only bargained for the work then required to bo done, but also, for what moro might bo wanted for a year, on the dyke, at a certain rate per cube ; and Jan Struvcn's terms wero so moderate, that the Town Council thought they had made an excellent bargain. But never were so many leaks seen in that dyke, for no sooner hnd the cunning Jan stopped up one, than he contrived to make another, which gave him more work ; but one night he made a hole, through which tho returning tide rushed with such violence, that all the dyke man's efforts to stay it wero unavailing, and the sen in a short time swept past the walls of Pcrmerscnd, mid even up to the gates of Alkmaar; and the whole country was laid under water. A few people wero saved in boats, but many thousands, including Jan Struven, were drowned, mid nil the cattle wero lost ; and there was a great lament throughout the provinces of Holland. And the Town Council of Stakrichnm were much blamed, although the fault was Jan Struvcn's. At the end of his talc, the lion, member ex- claimed with that emphasis with which he could so powerfully and oracularly express lus words, " Ave Avant iio Darno Pnrtington's here" -and ho (Mr. Lamb) imitating the example of the lion, member, Avould say, " AVC Avant no Jan Stiuven's here." The hon. member had explained on a subsequent occasion, that in adverting to Dame Partington he did not allude to him (Mr. Lamb.) Ho Avould assure the lion, member, with at least an equal amount of sincerity, that in adverting to Jun | Straven, ho did not allude to the lion, member (Laughter and cheers.) Having disposed of this point, he Avould, before entering upon the main question, perform the part Avhich had been allotted to him in a little dramatic piece ; he must coll it a farce, entitled the " Privilege Question, or the wrongs of the lion member for Durham." (Laughter.) The hon. member Avas offended with him (Mr. Lamb) for having when addressing a public meeting, placed his name in conjunction with those of certain other bon. gentlemen Avho had openly opposed the motion now before the Council, nud failing in obtaining any satisfaction beyond the sub stitution of one Avord for another in his speech he attempted to bring his language and conduct under the notice of thtit honorable house, hoping that Uko a school boy who had used naughty Avords, ho (Mr. Lamb J might receive a lecture-, although, had lie consulted any work treating of Parliamentary privilege, or could ho have received the real opinion of his learned supporters on that occasion, he would have ascertained that the Council had no more poAver to require an ex- planation of his conduct, than they had to en- quire Avhat ho had said to his children at the breakfast table that morning. When the lion, member began to tell the Avrongs done him by the gentleman he denominated Pope Ross, and himself, ho (Mr. Lamb) expected that the lion. Speaker would have immediately informed the hon. member that the House had no power to redress the grievances of which ho complained, and he much regretted that the lion, gentleman Avas allowed to go on so long in his irregular course, as it Avas evidently impossible that he (Mr. Lamb) could answer bim Avithout ad- mitting a jurisdiction in the House Avhich Avould be fatal to the liberties of every man in the country, who dared toexpress opinions contrary to those entertained by the party possessing n ruling influence or even n temporary majority in the Council. He had also to complain of the manner in which this exhibition was got up. Ho know not Avhother a little rehearsal had been gone through before, at n certain largo house not fur distant, but he observed a verj' strong muster of no friendly faces from that house ; and if he had been disposed to submit a case in the decision of which ho Avas interested to the decision of a court Avithout authority, he should at least have claimed a right to challenge some of the jurors. As it Avas, he Avas taken by surprize, and considered it most prudent to refuse to plead, and he thereby disappointed the reporters, not only the ordinary ones in the gallery but the extra- ordinary one Ainder the gallery. The lion, member for Durham had said that at tho time ho (Mr. Lntnb) spoke of the lion, member in the way ho had done, that he (Mr. Lamb) kncAV that the lion, member intended to vote Avith him. He denied this. The lion, member had certainly told him on the 30th of August that he Avould do so, but he voted for the adjournment which he considered almost equal to voting against his motion, seeing by whom, and for Avhat object the adjournment was moved ; and the suspicion thus raised in his minti by the vote of the hon. member on the 30th October was confirmed by the speech of the lion, member on the 4th September, and by his subsequent conduct on every occasion since that period. Being -engaged in conversation Avhon the lion, member begun his memorable speech, and not at all expecting him to address the house on a subject not then before them, he did not hear what the hon. member was saying till his attention AVSS drawn to him by the cheers which his memora- ble Dame Partington story elicited from hon. members on the other side known to be strenuous adA-ocates for transportotion. On reading his speech next morning, he (Mr. Lamb) came to the conclusion that the opi- nions of the honorable member had undergone a change between the hour in Avhich ho said lie would support his resolutions, and that at Avhich he nddresscd the House on the after- noon of the 30th of August, and he conse- quently censed to place linn on the list of those on whose votes he could rely. As the editors of most of the papers of the colony, and many other persons Avith whom ho had never had any communication, carne tothesame conclusion as himself with regard to the tendency of the speech of the hon. member, he must blame his speech, not his interpretation of it, for any misunderstandmgof his intentions, and if ho should publish a small edition of that speech, ho would advise him to alter it so that tho future historian of the colony, or the future Hansard of that House AA'ould be able to recon- cile it with the vote he AVOS happy to hear the hon. gentleman AVOS going to give that House. The hon; member had suggested that he (Mr, Lamb) should have replied to bim nt the time when he spoke, but he did not think it was expedient to engage in skirmishes on a field where n great battle Avas soon to be fought.nor did he choose to bo " trotted out" by the lion, member for the amusement of the friends he had brought to the house. If the lion, member's sentiments Averc misunderstood by himself and other men of plain understanding, ho had himself to thank for it, and he hoped, in future, no vainglorious desire to display his eloquence, would induce him to assail men whoso honesty of purpose should have ensured them different treatment if the heart of the lion, member really was with their heart in this great ques- tion. He had, therefore, no apology for the hon. member for Durham, for having, as he said, misrepresented lum at the meeting in the Barrack-square, but he had an apology to offer to the hon and learned member for'Sydney, the hon. and learned member for Bathurst, and the hon. and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland, for having associ- ated his nome with theirs, for they at least were open enemies, whi e he was a covert foe. Failing in this attempt, the hon. member attacked him as an officer in her Majesty's service, for having heard the British flag insulted without relenting it ; and in the course of this debate, the hon. member for Camden had renewed that attack, and spoken of him as having done something flagrantly wrong, because he had dared the Admiralty to notice the conduct to which the lion, member for Durham had alluded. He (Mr. Lamb) had dared the Admiralty, but not in the way that was imputed to him. He knew the Ad- miralty dare not do an injustice-it would be beneath them to do it ; and so long as he had his own self-approval, he cared not what esti- mation he might beheld in by the hon. member. Tho explanation offered by the hon. member for Durham on this point left the matter just where it was. He dared to impugn the cha- racter of a British officer, by hinting, at least, that such and such a course would have been expected from him, and that if that course were not taken, he might expect to hear of it from the Admiralty. He and the bon. member for Camden must know very little about the Admiralty, or they would not talk such ab- surdity; and, in future, he would advise them to confine their attention to such matters as I they might be able to understand. Tie would I now advert to the language used at the meeting by the hon. and rev. member for Sydney i and he hoped that lion, gentlemen would take it in good part, when he said that such language as he had used was much to be condemned, and that bad ns it wns to mike use of it at all times, it was rendered still more by the occasion on which it was spoken. Any allusion to phy- sical force, or to the emblemB of physical force, could only do injury to a cause, whose best weapon was the sword of reason. Having now cleared the way ofsomoof the cobwebs that hung about it, ho would proceed to consider the question itself, and the observations of some of tho honorable members upon it. With respect to the evils of convictism in the nbstract, he believed they were all agreed with the ex- ception, indeed, of that distinguished philan- thropist the honorable member for Northum- berland (Mr. Danger.) That honorable mem- ber who, in his sympathy for these criminals, considered rape à small crime if committed by one of them, and who compassionate of their sufferings under the heat of a burning sun, at the 20th degree of south latitude, would fain have them at the 36th degree, where his own possessions lay. The hon. and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland, together with other hon, mem- bers, had said that he had offered no nrgumenta in support of his resolutions, and that tho re- solutions themselves wore bald, illogical, and unphilosophical. In fact, nil Bnrts of epithets had been heaped upon them ; and yet, after al), he believed they were pretty well understood in the House,-and what was of quite as much consequence, they were perfectly intelligible out of the House. After four nights' dfbnte the House came back to these resolutions. A number of propositions had been proposed, but he believed the House would fall back on the resolution's he had had the honour to submit to the House. Even after the tremendous display of eloquence and gesticulation to whioh they had been treated by the honorable member for Camden, he trusted his resolutions would be preferred to that honorable member's amendment. He hoped too that they would be passed by a large majority : for he found all the Australian colonies were engaged in a noble struggle to keep the moral pestilence from their shores. Hi found from a paper which ho had just re- ceived from Van Diemen's Land, that the following resolutions had been adopted at a public meeting, and he would ask the Coun- cil to contrast their strong and direct terms, compared with the milk and water resolutions which they had heard proposed during the debate on the same subject What had they to be afraid of in this struggle? He feared not the anta- gonism of the British Government, he well knew that it was idle to talk of physical force ; but it was their duty to declare their rights, and also to declare their intention to maintain those rights. The resolutions to which he had referred were as follows That tills meeting Is more than ever convinced of tho demoralising nnd injurious effects of transportation, and that it is incumbent on every one who values the well-being of the colony to spare no effort to effect ita final extinction. That this meeting has no longer any confidence in tho justice or promises of lier Mnjosty's Ministers, sinco, in direct violation of tho Imperial pro. mise that transportation to Van Diemen's Lind should not ho resumed, they havo recently intimated their in. tuntlon to mako this colony the principal receptado of tho convicts of tho British empire, and in justification hare most erroneously statod that the colonists are less averse to coavictism than they formerly wero. That oven our gracious Majesty's word has been abused to disappoint and docolve us, and truth mid dignity have been sacrificed to make a distinction brtneen Van Die. men's Land and New South Walos, in reference to tho penal origin of both colonies, in order, as New South Wales has rejected transportation, a pretext may exist for tailing advantage of our weakness, and for carrjlng out penal projects In tills colony. That It has become the solemn duty of every person who values tho solid prosperity and welfare of his country, basod on the foundation ol a virtuous and free populailon, to depend no longer ou the British Legislature, much lesss on tho present Ministry, for the stoppage of transportation; but to depend on the non-employment of convicts as tile only practicable means of preventing their intro- duction. He found' that associations were forming there, as they were in this colony, with the firmest determination to put down convictism ; and one of the rules of the membeis of the association was not to employ convict labour nt all. If the Austra- lian colonies would all join in such associa- tions, they would soon turn away from them this tide of transportation ; but there was little hope for them if they were to be led away by the arguments of the hon. member for Nor- thumberland, and the other large holders of the lands ol the colony,-who could not conceive how fondly they clung to this Mammon. Talk of the people's mobs, he could not Bee that they were more dangerous than the aristocratic mobs. No doubt the language used amongst them waa Hot very acceptable for ears polite, but perhaps if they were refined they wore the less sincere. He found that the so-called pa- triots of one day, might become the courtiers of another,-neither did he think the tone of society was much improved of late years. It appeared to be too much the fashion to ask, " What will be said of our actions here," rather than to ask our own consciences how we oui;ht to act. They were all agreed that convictism was a dreadful evil, bHt the honorable mem- ber for Camden sought to make them believe that this modification of it, called exileism, was so beautiful, that they ought to open their artm to welcome it, and he thought if this exileism was the same as was going on in Van Diemen's L^nd, where conditional pardons wero being daily granted to prisoners who were rushing here, they ought to protest against it. The same question which they were now discussing, 99 years ago was agitating tho American colonies. Ninety-nine years ago the colonists on the shores of the Atlantic raised their voices against the evil, as they did now, He found, in a book published in 1751, passages which would apply to their case in 1850. No words he could use would convey a more graphic picture of the convict system then prevailing in that country, which now forms a portion of the Great Republic, than some ex- tracts which he had read from the Pennsylvania Gazetteer, 1751. The Question for them to consider was, how was England to dispose of her criminals, not how were these colonies to be benefitted by them. The honorable member for Camden said he treated this question as an Imperial question ; he (Mr. Lamb) treated this ques- tion as a colonial question. England had money, and power, and influence, let her use them, let her erect new settle- ments if she would ; but let her not cast her convicts upon these shores. The advocates for the resumption r>f transporta- tion, finding their arguments refuted, appealed to their sympathies, and asked where was their Christian charity, when they refused to receive ( among them their erring fellow -mortals ? To this j he replied, their determination not to receive British criminals was perfectly consistent with the greatest benevolence. There was room and verge enough for the exercise of the warmest philanthropy in reclaiming from sin and shame numbers already on their shores. Therefore, let England discipline and reclaim her own. A young and small community ought not to permit, much less invite, the contamination sure to ariee from the introduction of felons. The evils arising from such a course were known to numbers of them, who had witnessed them, and they ought to be guided by the ex- perience of other ages and other countries, England possessed the means to discipline her criminals, which they did not ; and all ex- perience showed them that they had no right to tamper with crime. The honorable and learned member for Sydney said, at the be- ginning of the debate, that he (Mr. Lamb) had given him nothing to answer, He certainly did, m introducing the subject to the House, avoid as much as possible giving any offence to the opponents of the resolutions ; and he was most anxious not to say anything which could be offensive to any one. He must Bay, with regard to the famous Transportation Report, they had been twitted for not opposing that re- port before they did so. But why was this ? The Report was brought up on the last day of the session, when it was impossible it could be adopted. The next session came, and they waited, thinking, of coarse, that the hon. and learned member meant to do something with his Report, until at last they heard that the Report was being industriously circulated at home, by the friends of the transportation system, and that it was represented as the Re- port of the Council. Then, indeed, longer I delay became dangerous, and Mr. Cowper car ( ried his resolutions rejecting the principles and j recommendations of the Report, liiere was j one passage in the Report which did seem to him very strange. The Report of 1816 said, thBt thin wa« not an open question, when in 1850 it was an open question, for they had the Minister coming to ask them whether they would have convicts or not. He put tim ques- tion hrondly to them. Port Phillip had done her duty, by as broadly refusing to receive them ; arid they w mid stultify themselves if they did not follow her example. But, it wns_ ar- gued, if they refused to receive thean cotivicls, Moreton Bay would be dismembered from the colony. He did not believe that England Avould do so great an act of injustice ; but even ho would not, though the return of convicts should roako them tAvico as wealthy ns they ever wore, receive thom at such a price. There was ono element in all these bargains which seemed to have been totally overlooked, and that was the honour of the colony. The hon, rnomber for Camden had said, that he waa op- posed only to transportation with assignment. He (Mr. Lamb) had been, from the time of his arrival in the colony, opposed to the recep- tion of felons in any way, and had already used his humble influences to prevent them. He now carne to tho rrsolutions of 1848. and conveying the assent of the Council to receive exiles under conditions. The honorable and learned member for Sydney had said that ho did not oppose them, but Buch was not the fact. He did, oppose them as much as he possibly could, but seeing tho Council wns determined to have them, he withdrew the motion he had made, to refer the despatch to a select com- mittee, in order that he might not Bhow the weakness of the anti-transportation party. One member only would have supported him on that ocoasion if they had gone to a division. The honorable and learned gentleman com- plained of having all tho blBme arising out of this Report visited upon himself, when in reality the rest of the committee had as much to do with it as he had himself. True it was that Mr. Lowe and others, being ashamed of themselves for the p.Art they had taken in it, backed out, and probably the bon. member did in conse- quence get more abuse than hp deserved. The hon. and learned member then alluded to the breach of faith on the part of the Secretary of State, as the reason why tho colonists changod their minds about accepting thcBe convicts; and certninly it wna a most scandalous transaction, and when they saw that the same conduct had been pursued towards the colonists of Van Diemcn's Land, it waR impossible they could again trust the British Minister. How had ho treated the Cape too ? He had sent to ask the colonists thero whether they would receive convicts ; but before he could get an answer he sent a ship load of them. They ought not then to assent to any conditions with the Minister. Bargains like these generally depended much on the state of the British Exchequer-if it happened to be full, they might get the conditions, but if the government were being badgered by a Cobden and a Bright, they would probably get the exile and an oxcuse, He now came to tho subject of the petitions, and ho must say he did not think the hon. and learned member for Sydney had dealt fairly on this point. When he moved the adjournment of the debate for one month, it was understood that it was to give the teople time to express their feelings on this subject. Ho (Mr. Lamb) opposed the motion, as he did not wish to keep up the agitation on the subject. But the petitions having come in, the hon. and learned member turns round and says, it is a matter of indifference to him whether there were 600 or £000 signatures to the petitions, as it would not influence his vote. Now he wanted to know what waa the way to get an expression of the feelings of tho pcoplo except by petition? The lion, member for Sydney had told them of school boys and in- fants signing the petitions; but, with regard to the schoolboys, he had received a letter from the rev. gentleman alluded to, who positively denied the fact. But the objections made to the signatures were BO insignificant, that it was not worth their while to consider them in detail, when they had the broad fact staring them in the face that the petitions against transportation were signed by 36,589 persons ; the- petitions for, by only 625. Ile did not for a moment question that the petitions in favour of transportation were signed by people who were wealthy and influential; but although they might be able to buy up two or three townships Uko Parramatta, he did not think they wero on that account a jot the more worthy of consider- ation. It must be remembered, that these men were the employers of labour ; and to a certain extent had an interest in obtaining labour, but the result of the system would be to put tho free labourer on a footing which he ought not to be. They ought not to force the free labourer to mix with the bond, nnd although he seemed now of a different opinion, the opi- nion of the honorable member for Camden, as stated before the Committee of the House of Lords was to this effect. The honorable mem- ber had made a most eloquent eulogium on the virtues of the weathercock ; but he could not say he had at all induced him to admire that emblem. He thought men ought to deliberate before they arrived at any conclusions, and having arrived at them, to tdhero to them and not to he shifting about from one opinion to another. The honorable member, however, seemed to be like all other converts, more violent in his prejudices than ordinary men. In 1837, ho found the honorable member testifying before the Committee of the House of Commons that the mixing up of convict labour with free would be attended with prejudicial effects. Also that the reception of a better class of labourers, Buch as these exiles, would in a degree have the same effect as convicts. He (Mr. Lamb) must say that experience did not seem to have im- proved the wisdom of the hon. member, for he must say, he very much preferred his opinions of 1837 to thoso of 1850. He could find noth- ing more entirely acquiescent with his own impressions that those of the hon. member at that time. In 1837, ho would not havo this system in any shape ; he would away with it root and branch. Now, however, he would embrace it-root, branch, and leaves together. There was no doubt that it must on every account be most objectionable to mix up free labour with bond. It led to jealousy on the one side, and to ill feeling and degradation on the other. What decent young woman for instance, would like to live on any terms among a set of convict servants ? Though there might hi some difficulty in getting the free immigrants to go into the interior, it would not be fair to send them there to be mixed up with the convicts, for the sake of supplying labour for the 19.000 persons engaged in pastoral pur- suits. A class of men Avhom slight temptation might make disorderly and vicious, ' were not fit persons to send into the b'ish, where they would be free from all surveillance. The roads of the colony would again, as in former days, become the scene of riot ani disorder, nor did he think the system could ever be so modified ns to prevent the recurrence of those evils. He had never till that day heard of i Mr. Dangar's great exertions in the cause | of philanthropy ; but now it seemed I to be the opinion of the hon. member that | it was their duty as Christians and fellow-men j to open their arms to those who had met with the misfortune of immorality. He found in the arguments of the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, little more than a repetition of the arguments of the hon. and learned member for 8ydney, but he must say, that all the abuse hat had been lavished on the petitions did seem to come with a very bad grace from the representatives of the people. They talked of clamour out of doors, and called legally con- stituted assemblies mobs and rabbles ; while all the time, if it suited their own purposes, they would be the first to uphold the right of petition, as one of the most sacred which they could enjoy under the Constitution-a right which had been se- cured to them only at the expense of much blood and treasure of the people. The hon. member spoke of one of the petitions being got up at a meeting at which only one hundred and ten people were present. What did it matter so long as the names were appended to it afterwards ? If the people met in large numbers, they were a mob and a rabble, if in small numbers, they were an insignificant few. The hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland had drawn a frightful pioture of th6 evils and horrors of convictism in the olden time, inso- much that he (Mr. Lambí began to think that the was coming round in his opinions ; but he 'found, notwithstanding the experience of the past, the hon. member was ready to receive then again in a milder form, to tnko them under the winning name of exilei«m. A draught of beer was too strong for the hon. nieinher, so he was obliged to content him- self with a little toast and wiiter. The hon. member spoke with great unction of the want of Christian consideration of tho speakers on the platform in the Barrack-square ; and lectured the Bishops and clergy pretty soundly, for their unwillingness to receive their Christian brethren. Ho was not so much surprised at this style of attack, confined as it was for the most part to the lion, member for Cook, and the hon. member for Northumberland, who was certainly indignant at any attempt to deprive him of his chance of convict servants. He, however, thought differently with the hon gentlcmnn. He thought the manner in which the Bishops and clergy of the oolony had come forward on this occasion did thom honour ; and he was well awaro that many of those who had takon part in the proceeedings at the Barrack-square meeting, had done io from tho most deep and solemn conviction that it was their duty to do so. He was no advocate for the clergy of any denomination meddling with political affairs ; but thero wero certain occasions when they were bound to como forwnrd nnd lend their countenance to any measure whioh threatened the morality of the state ; the present was one of those occa- sions. The clergy ns a body were unani- mously opposed to this system, and ho was most happy they wero so, as there wa» no olais whoso approbation ho would sooner have in the course of duty he lind been compelled to adopt. The honorable member for Cook and Westmoreland then read an article, written by Mr. Lowe, in the Atlas newspaper, in which the writer proposed to found a mighty empiro from the most polluted of England's criminals poured upon the land in unprecedented nnm bors. He was afraid the gloomy visions of the honorable member must have been excited of late, or thatho had been reading some wild legends of tho foundation of Rome, and the establishment of her past population from the robbers of the Campagna and Etrurm. The hon. and learned member for Bathurst had dealt with all the petitioners as men without brainB ; and yet when the adjournment of this discussion had formerly been moved, that gen- tleman had supported the motion, because of the time whioh it would afford for eliciting the opinion of the country Probably if the balance of opinion had been the other way, the honorable and learned gentleman would have had a different estimation of the degree of wis- dom attachable to the petitioners. (Hear, hoar.) The same honorablo and learned member had dealt n little in the pathetic also. Ho had called upon them all as Christians not to cast thoso prisoners from them, but to re- ceive them into their bosoms, and use every effort for their reformation. But in the same breath that gentleman had admitted that the free people had a right to protest against this attempt nt the reformation of England's crimi- nals, at so large a sacrifico of colonial interests. He admitted, also, that there was such a pro- test on the part of the free people, and in terms too plain to be mistaken. One part of his sr gument, therefore, destroyed the other. (Hear, hear.) That gentleman next dwelt upon tho power of England, and upon the improbability that this mighty country, and its mighty Mi- nister, so largely interested as they both were in the settlement of the convict question, would pay much respect to the decision of a colonial legislature. To answer OIÍB argument, they had only to look at the effect with which tho legislation at the Capo had been attended. (Hear, hear.) It was doubt- less impossible, as the hon. and learned mem- ber for Bathurst contended, to meot the views of all ; but this was no reason why they should not meet the wishes of the majority, especially when theso views wero 60 clearly ascertained as in the present instance And yet this was tho course which the hon. and learned gentle- man appeared to think they ought to have adopted. His argument was, in effect, that, although there might be nn overwhelming ma- jority on one side of the question, the persons on that side were unable to form any accurate judgment upon the question at issue-all the wisdom and intellectual power of the people being concentrated in the minority. (Hear.) He found that the honorable member for Cook and Westmoreland, in the course of his second speech, stated that he had heard no argument that was worth replying to. He was not sur- prised to find the honorable momber like the deaf adder ; but he thought that if he had opened his ears he might have heard rather more of argument from the anti- transportation side of the Houso than he could from his own. The honorable member said, that they ought to take broad views on this question, and so said he (Mr. Lamb.) Lot them, in regard to this question, legislate not for the few but for the many, not for the many squatter*, not for the annual hand- ful of exiles that would arrive, but for the masses of this community. Ho said, that any return to the lash, and the triangle, and the chain gang, was impos- sible,-but he did not think so. Once admit these men, and they would soon get them in larger numbers, and of a worse class than it was now proposed to send. They would want coercion, and again they would have their watch-houses, their gaols, their police magis- trates and scourgers, spreading through the country. There also had been some complaint made by the hon. and learned member forSyd I ney of his having tried to intimidate him and other honorable members from the hustings at the meeting in the Barrack square. When he said that these honorable members dare not vote against the almost unanimous voice of the people on this question, all that he meant was that they dare not do wrong. He did not bolieve it was possible they could interpret his language on this occa- sion into anything like a personal threat. He decried the coarse attempts at in- timidation which had been tried on the hon. and learned member fur Sydney as earnestly as anybody possibly could ; and when, the other evening, the people round the House wanted to cheer him, he prevented them, tell- ing them any such manifestation of feeling could only do their causo harm. (Hear, hear.) He now cune to the hon member for North- umberland (Mr. Dangar.) He was charmed to find how that hon. member, the flower of the southern hemisphere, had fulfilled his expeo tarions. (Laughter.) The hon. member said he did not see'nnything which should make them reluctant to receive these exiles ! Ho (Mr, Lamb) did not doubt it. He thought it was their duty to receive these " erring sons of error ;" to be sure he did. He thought it most desirable to have free immigration as an auxiliary to convictisrn,-nothing more like the hon. gentleman's way of thin king. (Laughter.) He (Mr. Lamb) however, would rather prefer to have free immigration altogether, than as an auxiliary. The hon. member was ready to take as many convicts as he could get,-No doubt the exact thing to suit him. (Laughter,) Then as to the meetings that had been held, they were of course all clap-trap; besides the lion, member had found out that the meetings j were held on a Monday,-the day when the working men not having got over the dissipa- tion of Saturday night, did not go to work. All these no doubt were excellent reasons in the mind of the lion, member,-but they had no effect upon him. Ho could not see why a meeting in which the working classes were especially interested, should not be called on the day when it would bo most convenient for those classes to attend.' The hon. member, too, had given them his opinion of the principles of the lion, member for Dur- ham, on this question, and in order to show that he was not alone in his mis-apprehension of the hon. gentleman's sentiment?, he would quote the hon. member for Northumberland's words. He Baid, that the hon. member for Durham had also made a speech in favour of the motion, but was unable to vote for it. in consequence of some pledge he had given to his constituent*, and he hoped it would be a warn- ing to him, never to give any pledge again. (Greatlaughter). Then the bon. member greAV pathetic over the wrongs of the squatters, whom he described as an injured race. He told them that they were pointed at as they i passed along, as the large squatters ; but whether the allusion in his own case referred to his personal dimensions, or the extent of his possessions, he had not thought fit to inform the Council. He said they were a slandered race, and he (Mr. Lamb) was very sorry to i I h»ar it,-for he thought the country generally I had a very good opinion of them nt all events j they had a very good opinion of thimselvea (Hear, hear ) He lind b*«.n accused of undue haste in putting these resolutions on the paper thnt dnj, nnd moving thom the next The lion mtmbir for Camden who accused lum of this j rcoipttancy, had placed amend mentí on the paper, and made changes in them, of which they had not oven a day s notice - amendments of a much moro elabotate character than his roto lutions The resolutions he had placed on the table were plain and simple, and wero framed to form a direct and straight forward answer to Lord Groy B question Many of the résolu tions in the first amendment of the honorable member for Camden might have been added to them, but ho was ton lmprncticnblo ti bo treated with He could not treat with Mr Cowper but he (Mr Lamb) was to go cap in hand to lum to litar his pleasuro I he hono noribk member for Camdon had mnde allusions to his conduct nt the meeting in the Barrick square relativo to the observit on mnde by the honorable and reverend merni er for Sydney, respecting the Briti li flag It tertimly did not become tho honorable membf r for Camden to talk about rebelling , it would hetter be- come him to remember the old adage, that "those who dwell in glass houses should not I throw stones " But ho Avould tell the hon member, that when he wanted his nd\ too as to his (Mr Lambs) pnvnte conduct, ho would aik lum for it for high as his opinion of him self might be he (Mr Lamb) was not dispi sed to tako him for his rilinurus, eitlur on this or any other political voyng» The hon member, on some extraordinary ground which must exist in hw distempered brmn, had claimed his vote for his amendment He could assure the hon gentleman that ho would not get it Ile talked of broad statesmtnlike views, and the presumption of the colonists in daring to havo an opinion igntntt mighty England , but even that presumption might, he thought, havo been excused, if they had not also dared to have an opinion against the mighty statesman of Camden (Laughter ) I ho lion member said, in the ab«enco of a better resolution ho should voto for his , but a* the same timo he also saul it was not a great and comprehensive measure Ha was quite anare of this fnct nor did ho think they wero in a position to adopt a great and comprehensive resolution on this subject He agreed with the hon and learned member that this was a question peculiarly suited to tho dtscussi n of the Federal Assembly, and ho belic\cd that it was in that Assemnlv alone that it could be finally disposed of But they could not watt for the decision of that body It was necessary that they «hould decide it at once If the) delayed, tho Minister might agnin break faith with them and they would have exiles pouring into their harbour before they had expiesscd any opinion at all lrue they miL,ht say thBt the Minister would dismember the colony, might cut off Moreton Hay Lnt them be bold and determined, and the Minister would not venture on an) thing of the sort Let them look to the results of a bold yet peaceable re- sistance at the Cipe, and ask would Lnrl Groy dare to sover that territory for the avowed pur- pose of planting convicts on a portion of it. 'Wore ho to out off Algoa Ray, or even tho distant provinco of Natal, from the Capo of G >od Hope, would any one for a moment stippoio the colonists would submit No, the usually quiet and phlegmntto Dutchman would be again roused, I and lie would re organize his anti convict asno-1 ciation, and by a passive yet firm resistance ! repel the abomination, and return it with shame and confusion to the man who had tried ' to do him such great wrong Ho would not believe the Minister would dare to dism mber the colonv in the face of such an expression of opinion as had been made His only fear wa* thnt the deed might bo already accomplished , but even if it were, ho did not behove it could . be past redemption Even if ho should do so, I lot the honorable member for Northumberland go and luxuriate in his convicts, in the Northern I and Western District' Ihe free people who. accompanied those exiles would at once come on hero when labour would bo scarce lhe I Moreton Bay po pie would have the disgrace -tho Sydney peo[le the profit Tho Council would pass a law not to allow these exiles to I pass thf Clarence River lrue it might not bo allowed but they would continue still to pass ' law after Hw, not barbarou», indeed but strict | in their tendency lhe vagrant law which had been passed, pnncipa.ly with I tho viPW of r straining tho emigration of con-[ vieta from Van Diemcn's Land, had been dis- allowed, they were informed, but they would pass it over and over again, until it was as- sented to, or tho necessity for it removed 1 hey had the best right to know what was ne cessary for them, and ho must protest against this constant interference of the English Mi- nister with their domestic legislation (Hear, hear ) England passed her laws for the re- pression of crimes of a peculiar kind, and why should the) not do tue same * If in the course of his reply the hon member for Camden had occupied much of his time it wns becausi he had also occupied much of that of others lhe hon m-raber was quite indignant at tho idea that they shiulil r>-fme convicta, and spurned the talk about the mo rality or immorality of the «ystem lhe hon member arrogated to himself a peculiar wisdom ¡n the discussion of this ense He spoke of party tactics, but he thought if there had been any tactics made use of, they wero resorted to by the hon member himself, when he put an amendment on the paper meaning ono thing one day, and put another on it the next day meaning a totally different thing He Bald this question ought to be decided by the pre ponderance of reason , and although no doubt tho hon member thought that preponderance dwelt with him,- though the public might have a different opinion lhe hon member for bydney had cautioned him, at the close of h's address, against the instability of popular ap Elause, and seemed to imagine that ho (Mr iamb) was seeking his berth, to URO a nautical phrase, in the Legislative Council He could assure the hon member that he had no such intention He had foreseen, for some time past, that as regarded this question, a feeling of hostility was springing up between the gentry and the middle classes, while the passions oí tua lower orders were becoming inflamed He waa not looKing for constituencies, and perhaps when he did so they might not be difficult to find , though, perhaps, all the constituencies might not be very well pleased with their re presentattve8 Ho did not, as the hon and learned member had, say that he wished to retire from public life , but ho wou d only remain in public life while he could do so with honour However Strange the declaration may appear, ho avowed his opinion that the colony was in moro danger from the aristocratic element within it, than from the democratic. The ar- rogance of the first had become intolerable: their utter selfishness and disregard of tbo inte 1 rests of all others had disgusted the middle and lower orders. And others, like himself. j entertained the opinion that the march of the so-called gentlemen of the colony had not been onward ; but that, on the contrary, during tho lost five years, a spirit of subserviency had been gaining ground more and more amongst them. That when questions arose, such as this now before them, many asked whit was thought of it at one house ? What is paid about it at ano- ther ? Instead of asking their own conscience what waa right and proper for them to do. I The lion, member for the Northumberland boroughs had lectured him upon the propriety of his attending at public meetings, being a | member of the Legislature. But when he saw such men as Lord Ashley, Mr. D'Isracli. Cobden, and Bright, doing the same thing, he did not feel hurt at the rebuke. The duty he had to porform at that meeting was a very simple one. It was to propose a resolution containing a vote of thanks to the people at the Cape for their noble resistance to the trans- mission of convicts to their shores ; but they all knew that st a public meeting it was not easy to confine all speakers to the objects directly before the meeting. But that meeting was an orderly and a quiet one, and no allu- sion of any kind was made to brute force. If they carried their end at all, they must carry it by the force of reason alone. The idea of op- posing physical force to Great Britain would make a sailor smile, and a soldier deride ; but he was sure that for any such purpose as that of depriving them of their rights, as loyal and peaceable citizens, the Minister wonVi " , able to lind a ship or a reRirnPnt u n,°l >>«' he had addressed them too lorn? h"», feart'á days'debate, there were «Ä"» J«four to. With regard to his motive, Km . "P1? - motion forward, he should .«ve b eif"? Í'.' any other lion, member had und!?»\g,ad i{ whose habits and pursuits bett, «ft"1 £> it,- heshould have been very hlÄ? Kt ono carne forward, ho »a, forcedi Fnb th:??? An eminent French author, who had »rit,^* the .ubj-ot of the naval baillee of LiT observed, that tho langusa« 2u,e^n¡ Nelson to his fleet, from th^maffiÄ ,v.? Victory, as thej bore down tn »i, Iof th« the pro'ud day of5Trafaîg"WnAofRï,* quenco in it which marked th« .SV. tel°* other eminent leaders on evenfuct^of such as Cajsar'a harangue« to £ s Wm' Napoleon's bulletins and or lera of theT' °' his armies; and the writer expressed, "*,0 that the few well known slmpte "oïl S?",? have had the magic effoct aCCÄM But n Briti.li commentator on Ihe n«s\ï""ï the French author, most truly said S°0f! the words were, they struck*. chord ¿wí vibrated through every heart îh..^ beneath the meteor flag1 wffwÄ ¿T that the strength of Britain's h«ÄÄ so much in thoir numbers as in the sniri» 2J e ruled in the breast of those who m SaÄ ' which actuated the humbl»« bov ai M«T ?' as the greatest admiral, and that was hc £ ?J ' -the determination to do their dutv TU lcison« inculcated in that school (in which ÎÎ passed from boyhood to manhood) had aero been obliterated ; and in the many years S had passed over his head, in "hate« sphS ne had moved-m whatever situations hi had beenplaced- bisann and object had been toa, fulfil it. When the excitement now «MM had passed away-when tho passion, ,,0Í raging were lulled to rest-when he mt Z quit tin« transitory «ene it would he a sstU faction to lum to lie nhleto exclaim, that nn thil great occasion-an occasion fraught with WMI or woo to the colony-he did his dutv (Cheers,) '. The question was now put upon the first of the set of resolutions which had been propped by Mr. Parker as an amendment. Upon this tho House divided with the following remit Ayes 8. Noes 12. The Attorney-General Mr. Bj mes Mr. Murrny M'lntyte Nichols Suttor Allen Donaldson Icely Major Mercer * Captain King Mr. Moor Mr. Lamb Ebden Parker (teller). Dr. Dickson Mr. Bowman Oakes Dr. Lang Mr. Cooper (teller). Ihe remainder of Mr. Parker's resolution! were negatived without division. The original resolution was then put to the House, (the opposing member« having, as will be seen from the above division, retired) wes carried unanimously. The5 address embodying this resolution wss then "ordered, upon the motion of Mr. LAMB, to bo presented to His Kjcrellency the Gover- nor, by the Speaker end the Attorney General. DIÎATH ov "WA-ATT, Tim Sctii.rTdu.-Mr.il. J. Wyatt, the eminent English sculptor, died on tho 29th ultimo, at Rome, after a few dnvs illness, and AVOS buried on the 31st, in the Pro- testant burial ground. The hoarse AVOS followed by Mr. Frceborn (the Uritish Consul), the American Chargó d'Affaires (Mr. Cass), und about fifty friends and artists of all nations, The dentil of Mr. Wyatt is a loss to Europe!, No artist approached nearer to Canova in his female figures than he did ; he has left several finished and unfinished statues. A letter frnm Rome contains the following passage rcspectin» tho deceased artist :-" Mr. AVyntt carne to Rome in 1822, and worked for Mr. Gibson; after a fcAV yuars he commenced his career, in which he has boen so successful. I learn that ho has executed commissions to the extent of £20,000 sterling, and ho must havelcft a hand aomo sum to his heirs. He AVOS in the 57th year of his tige. I understand that as yet no will has been found. The property has" been secured by the British Consul, assisted by the Chancellor of the Consulate, and Mr, Mac- donald and Mr. Spence, English sculptors." Tun Uivi-oi'OTAMim.-Professor Owen has just published a report on this valuable acqui- sition to the Zoological Society, from which it appears that the hippopotamus, now safely housed in its comfortable quarters in the Re- gent's Park, AA'OS captured in August, 1819, about 1350 miles from Cairo, The hunters, having previously wounded its mother, had their attention attracted to the thick bushes on the river's bunk, in Avhich the young animal AVOS concealed. When discovered, the calf made a rush to the river, and nearly escaped, owing to the slippcrincss of its skin, and Avas only secured by one of the men striking the boat-hook into its flank. The hippopotamus is now only ten months old, and measures seven foot long nnd six-and-half in girth at the middle of the barrel-shaped trunk, which is supported clear of the ground on very »»hurt mid thick legs. The naked hide covering the broad back and sides is of a dark India-rubber colour, impressed by numerous fino Avrinklcs crossing ench other, but disposed almost trans- versely. AVhen Professor OAvcn first saw the beast it had just left its bath, and he observed a minute drop of a glistening secretion exuding from the pores, AA'hich aro dispersed over the whole integument, and Avhich the animal is provided with for the purpose of lubricating its thick hide, and thus preventing it from break- ing. After lying quietly about an hour, the hippopotamus rose and Avolked slowly about its room, and then uttered aloud and short harsh snort four or five times in quick succession, reminding one of the snort of a horse, and ending with nn explosive sound Uko a bark. The keeper stated that the sounds were indica- tive of its desire to return to tho bath. The Arab opened the door and walked to tho new wing containing the bath, the hippopotamus folloAving, like a dog, close to lúa heels. On arriving at the bath roora, the animal descended Avith some deliberation the flight of IOAV steps lending into the water, stooped and drank a little, dipped his head under, and then plunged fumants. It was no sooner in its favourite clement than itSAvhole aspect changed, and it seemed inspired Avith new life and ac- tivity, sinking down lo the bottom, and moving about submerged for a Avhilc, it Avould suddenly rise Avith n bound, almost bodily, out ofthcAvnter, and splashing back, commenced swimming and plunging about Avith aporpoisc like motion, rolling from side to side, taking in moutKfula of Avatcr and spurling them out again, raising every now and then its grotesque head, and biting the wood-AVork at the margin of the bath.. The broadloundcd back of tho animal being now chiciiy in vicAv, it looks a much larger smm than Avhen out of the water. After half an , hour spent in this amusement it quitted trie water at the call of its keeper, andfollov/ed lura back to the slccping-room, which is Ave" bedded with straw, and Avhere a stuffed sacs, is provided for its pilloAV, of which the animal, having a very short neck, thicker thanthc head, dulv avails itself when it sleeps, wnen awake it i*s verv impatient of any absence ont» favourite attendant, rises on its hind legs, ona threatens to break down the wooden fence oy butting mid pushing against it in a Avay s«00?.'* significative of its great muscular force. ^its food Lsnow a kind of porridge of milk «w maize meal. Its appetite has been m now spect diminished by the confinement Tam conveniences of the sea voyage, or by change climate. , JosEiMi ADY.-This notorious imp*«* MJ at length been stopped in his career, w «nu the last few months Joseph had been mu ted in the double postage of some 4000 lettcre, which he had sent to various P«*"' JL whichliavo been returned to ^e^W*"* Although time was alloAA^d lum * W» penalties, on a promise to discontinue lus mu practices, ho nevertheless continued to seno letters through the Pos^offiço in ?»«££, numbers a. ever, untU a few dave «J»*^ an officer of the City effected his cM*u«an« consignment to Giltspur-strccf. P«80"- heis warrant from the Treasury. It¡apn»«h*cc utterly1 incapable of paying the 1 « ° demands, and he has no chanco ot benuc rated except bv petitioning the Cro«n olMcn ne is in his 76th year. 