wo* tf# cottier. THE 'FREMAN'S JOURNAL ' READERS. One Reader cries, your strain s too grave : . To much morality you have— , ?' ? Too much about religion ; Give me some witch and. wizard tales, Of slipshod ghosts with fins and scales, . And feathers like a pigeon. . ' ... ; I love to read, another cries, Those monstrous, fashionable lies— , In other, words, those hovels, , ? s .'??? Composed of kings, and queens, and lords, .; Of border wars, and gothic hordes That used to live in hovels. No, no, cries one, we've had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff, .,...? To craze the fair creation : . . Give us some recent foreign news Of Russians, Turks, of Greeks, or Jews, . Or any other nation. The, man of dull scholastic lore, Would like to see a little more, In scraps of Greek or Latin : The merchant fain would learn the price Of English wares, qf wool, and ricej . Of India silks, or satin. Another cries, I want some fun, , A witty anecdote or pun, .....'. A rebus or a riddle : ..;... Some long for missionary news— And some of worldly, carnal viejys, , ' Would rather hear a fiddle, . The critic, too, of classic skill, Must dip in gall his gander quill, And scrawl against the paper ; Of all the literary fools, Bred in the Sydney halls and school, v He cuts the oddest caper. . Another cries, I want to see ..'.-. A jumbled-up variety, ? Variety in all things ; A miscellaneous, hodge-podge print,* '. Composed, I only give the hint, Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news says miss, It constitutes my highest bliss To' hear of weddings plenty ; For in a time of general rain None suffer from a drought, 'tis plain. At least, not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says onej ' Of people totally undone -f xty uuutius, ure, or iever ; . I Another answers, full as wise, ? ! \ I'd rather have the fall and rise i Of lambskins and of beaver. I Some signify a secret wish ? For now and then a favorite dish j Of politics ta suit them ; , | But here I rest at perfect ease, I For should they swear the moon was cheese, j : I never should confute them. Or grave or humourous, wild or tame, Xiofty or low — 'tis all the same, Too haughty or too humble : Then worthy Editors, pursue The path that seems the best to you, And let the grumblers grumble. Johnny Oldoove. -. 