LOLA MONTEZ IN MONKWEARMOUTH. In a letter to the Sunderland Herald, Mr. J. G. Grant gives his reminiscences of Miss Gilbert, now Mrs. Heald. In 1831 Mr. and Mrs. Rae came to Monk- wearmouth to establish a boarding- school, and were accompanied by Eliza Gilbert, then aged ten or eleven years. Mrs. Rae being the sister to her step- father, Major Craigie, who had confided her to their charge. Mr. Grant became Eliza's teacher in drawing; of the name of "Rosanna," afterwards used by her, he then heard nothing. She was "an elegant and beautiful child; of stature rather promising to be tall than actually such for her age, but symmetrically formed, and with a flowing, graceful carriage, the charm of which was only lessened by an air of confident self- complacency, in full accordance with the habitual expression of her else beau- tiful countenance, namely, that of in- domitable self-will. Her features were regular, but capable of great and rapid changes of expression. Her complexion was orientally dark, but transparently clear; her eyes were of a deep blue, of excessive beauty, although bright with less indication of the gentle and tender affections of her sex than of more stormy and passionate excitements. The mouth, too, had a singularly set cha- racter, far more allied to the determined than to the voluptuous, and altogether it was impossible to look at her for any length of time without feeling convinced that she was made up of very wayward and very troublesome elements. The extreme violence and obstinacy, indeed, of her temper gave too frequent cause of painful anxiety to her good, kind aunt. Her animal spirits were natu- rally very great. She romped as assi- duously as any girl of her age, danced gracefully, talked with great animation in her merry moods, and seemed alto- gether what is called 'a clever child.' But how little could any one have con- ceived that in a few years the little high- spirited child would become the dan- gerous heroine of a foreign nation, the prodigy of a Court! Oh, too famous Cleopatra of an inglorious Antony would shake a whole kingdom with revolutionary disturbance, and, in the scale of a monarch's passions, make that kingdom lighter than the fascina- tions of her perilous beauty." CALIFORNIAN TURTLE.—Vast numbers of the same race as those wretched victims which are helplessly turned upon their backs at the doors of the New York eating houses, and exposed to the gaze of thoughtless and unpitying way- farers, are found in the Gulf of Califor- nia. But what is the sickly tortured trash of those bolting-machines compared with the luscious calipash and calipee fresh from the briny sea ? And mind yon, green-turtle-soup is green- turtle- soup in the Gulf of California, and no- thing else. Whether there ever was such a thing as genuine turtle soup served up at a restaurant is a grave ques- tion to the conscience of the cook. I forbear to press it; but I must express the opinion, that a mixture composed of the gelatinous parts of young veal, mixed with a black, sticky paste, and so seasoned as to taste of nothing but cheap port and pepper, goes down many an unscientific throat for the real ' green-turtle,' the verdant quality being in fact outside of the bowl, and getting into it only by imputation. But at La Paz there is no deception, and the place is probable haunted by the ghosts of de- fanct aldermen.— Revere's California. TRAITS OF ARAB CHARACTER.—It has been observed with some severity that Arabs, to whatever degree civilized, have no idea of time, space, or truth ; and I cannot much, object to the observation. Even in Egypt, among persons in business, they seldom divide their days into hours, contenting themselves with vague approximations to sunrise, and sunset. They have no term in com- mon use expressive of any definite amount of distance ; and there is no general appreciation of a man's word. I do not mean that they are an utterly faithless people ; but they are not impressed with the moral obligation to truth. ' Liar' is a playful appellation scarcely reproachful ; and ' I have told a lie,' a confession that may be made without a blush !— St. John's adventures in the Arabian Desert. Mr. Martin Boshell, long and honourably connected with one of the leading mercantile firms in Liverpool, who was convicted, with eight or ten others, at the winter assizes of that town for an alleged treasonable conspiracy against the Queen and constitution, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, has just been liberated, by order of her Majesty, at the suggestion of the Secretary for the Home Department, after suffering nine months' incarceration. We believe this act of clemency, solicited by the representatives, gentry, and nearly all the mercantile, community of Liverpool, is the sole foundation for a local journal's "good reason in the belief of the Government's intention, deferring so her Majesty's wishes, to pardon all the Irish state prisoners at home and abroad."—Weekly Chronicle. Martin Hansell, the proprietor and editor of the Satirist newspaper, who has been convicted of endeavouring to extort money from Mr. Bevan, was brought up for judgment at the Central Criminal Court, in September, and sentenced to be imprisoned for six months. . THE NATIONAL STUDS IN FRANCE. —To prevent the breaking up of the valuable haras of Versailles, St. Cloud and Mendon, established by King Louis Philippe for the breeding of thoroughbred Arabian and English-' horses, the President of the Republic took upon himself the expense of maintaining them until it should be decided whether or not they should be purchased by the country. The Government having resolved, on account of the financial difficulties of the nation, not- to present a bill to the Assembly, authorising the purchase by the State, M. Vavin, liquidateur of the Civil List, has addressed a letter to the journals; suggesting that, from the vast importance of the haras, a number of amateurs should subscribe to purchase them. In so doing, he says, they would render a national service, without imposing on themselves the necessity of advancing a large sum, whilst the profits of the haras would cover the expense. If no body of gentlemen should do this, the- haras will be advertised for sale by auction in the beginning of October*— Galignani. A DIFFICULT QUESTION.—A lancer of the 5th Regiment, named Ferdinand, was on Saturday brought before a court martial on the charge of having plucked out and appropriated a large quantity of hair from the tails of two horses be- longing to the regiment. The prisoner's advocate contended that the hair could not be considered as a military effect, and that, therefore, the soldier had not incurred the punishment laid down in the military code; but he admitted that the horses must be considered public property, and that the prisoner was liable to the penalty fixed by the penal code for injury to such things. The Court held that the horse-hair was a military effect belonging to the State, and accordingly sentenced the lancer to a year's imprisonment.— Galignani's Messenger. WITTY LOGIC.—A comedian went to America and remained there two years, leaving his wife dependent on her relatives. Mrs F---tt, expatiating in the greenroom on the cruelty of such conduct, the comedian found a warm advocate in a well- known dramatist. " I have heard," said the latter, " that he is the kindest of men, and I known that he writes to his wife every packet." "Yes, he writes," replied Mrs F. a parcel of flummery, about the agony of absence, but he has never remitted her a shilling. Do you call that kindness ? " "Decidedly," replied the author, "unre- mitting kindness." — Rudiments of Public Speaking. Mr Pope was with Sir Godfrey Kneller one day, when his nephew, a Guinea trader, came in. "Nephew," said Sir Godfrey, " you have the honour of seeing the two greatest men in the world." " I don't know how great you may be," said the Guinea man " but I don't -like the looks of you. I have often bought a much better man than both of you put together, all muscle and bone, for ten guineas." A bookseller's apprentice was lately tried at Berlin for treason, the overt act being the writing and publishing a poem inciting to the assassination of princes, and though he was not the author, from vanity he persisted in acknowledging the authorship before the court. His counsel was, consequently, compelled to prove that he not only did not write it, but had not the capacity to do so, and as the proof was conclusive, the prisoner was acquitted against his will. Maria Monk, the authoress of the fabulous book on monasteries, who was said to be dying in a hospital for abandoned females, is, it appears, on her legs again. The New York Mirror, of the fourth ultimo, mentions her arrest, on a charge of robbing a sailor of fourteen dollars, in a house of ill fame. An antediluvian monster, in the form of the skeleton of a serpent, has just been dug up at Argenteuil, near Paris. It is about 115 feet in length, and about nine in breadth, and it must have been a marine reptile, as it was furnished with fins. It had been deposited in the Cabinet of Natural History, at the Jardin des Plantes. AN ERROR OF THE PRESS.—A country newspaper, recording the running down of a cow on the railway, said it was " cut into 'calves!" An astonished naturalist waited upon the editor for what the auctioneers/ call " further information," and received it in the following form :— 1 "Erratum—For calves read' HALVES !" 