ENGLISH EXTRACTS. THE AGAPEMONE. (From the Times, May 25 J As to the general tenor of Vice-Chancellor Knight Bruce's decree in the " Agapemone" case, there could be no doubt was clearly out of the question that such a person uses Brother Thomas could present himself before any English tribunal and claim the guardian- ship of an English child. The only hesitation possible was as to the grounds upon which the Vice-Chancellor would base his judgment we should perhaps rather say as to the tone which might pervade it. On examining the decree we perceive that the learned judge adopted the simplest and the most effective plan-he read out, in extenso, and in open court, the principal affidavits in the case, and very properly concluded that Brother Thomas had put himself out of the position in which he could claim from the Court the enforcement of his paternal rights. We think we can trace in the brief comments upon the affidavits interspersed throughout the decree just that feeling which must be common to all rational persons who read the report of this case, a sense of the ludicrous struggling for expression, and yet repressed before it is expressed and a still deeper indignation at the blasphemy and folly of the principal actors in this extraordinary story. Therein lies the difficulty even of commenting upon the decree-it is hard to suppress a smile at the religious gambles of this new coterie of fools or fanatics ; but yet the subject of their illusion is so awful that the levity of the moment is quickly succeeded by a more serious and a more appropriate feeling of disgust. The Reverend Henry J. Prince, the " Servant of the Lord," as he is styled, is the chief Hicrophant of these new Agapemone mysteries. In the case of this individual it would be a false analysis of the human mind to declare that sheer rascality and imposture are at the bottom of his proceedings. It must be confessed that the facts of the case He strongly persuasive to such a conclusion, when we hear of the creature comforts which Mr. Prince has procured himself on his poor £400 per annum coaches and four, expensive saddle-horses, a luxurious establishment in a beautiful country, unbounded power over the minds and purses of his idiot dupes, and other incidents of the like nature. Despite of all this, it would be erroneous to suppose that the paper is not himself, to a certain degree, his own dupe. We are confirmed in this belief by the perusal of a short pamphlet written by Arthur Augustus Rees," minister of the Free Chapel, Sunderland, with a copy of which the author has favoured us. This gentleman was, it appears, for seven years, 1939-45, the bosom friend of the Servant of the Lord," from the time he entered, as a student, St. David's College, Lampeter. During a portion of this period he describes his life to have been most exemplary. "The forenoon was given to study, and the rest of the day to prayer, the Bible, and meditation." The life and writings of " Gerhead Teretecgen" fell into his hands, and soon a change was perceived in him. He became more desirous to perform the Divine will, even in the minutest affairs of life. At length he determined not to say or do anything without some intimation from above "For example," writes Mr. Rees, " if Mr. P. were about to take a walk, and there were every appearance of rain, he would not carry out his umbrella without first seeking the Divine will." He soon abandoned his own judgment altogether, and from believing that he ought to renounce it, he came at last to believe that he might act contrary to it. We feel almost as though we should crave pardon of our readers for following out further the delusions of this wretched man ; we do so in the hope that others may be deterred in time from following in the steps of the miserable dupes in the Agapemone. impossible as it may appear, there have been found men and women of mature years who have been deluded by this fanatic, and why should not others be duped in the same manner, if the real character of this sect is to be slurred over by ex parte statements in affidavits? We will, therefore, copy verbatim the two sentences from Mr. Rees' pamphlet which show the progress made by the " servant of the Lord" between 1837-43, and the point he finally reached. " Having pursued the course abovenamed for several years, he was now induced to believe that he was under complete and conscious subjection to the Holy Ghost within him, and that he said or did nothing without his immediate direction. « . * The stage before was that the Holy Ghost had absolute dominion over his soul ; the stage now was, that the Blessed Spirit was now united to him or, to use his own words, that he was the Holy Ghost personified.'" Such, then, and so blasphemous, are the pretensions of the head of this new school of religious fanatics. It is clear that when he has been so successful in his proselytism the subject is not one which can be dismissed merely as an apt theme for an idle jest. Brother Thomas, the father of the child whose future welfare was concerned in the result of the Vice Chancellor's degree, was one of the consumers, or coldness, of this fanatic imposter. Mr. Prince had gained so great and so unhappy an influence over the mind of a Miss Agnes Nottidge, a young lady of considerable fortune, that she was deluded into a marriage with this Brother Thomas, a man without a sixpence in a, J. and make .Fut'oVííW but what He seems to have been 'Souls pretence " Brother Trevor " and: Mr. Î)U . may feel as to the of life delusion, there could he,. " of Mr. C M Young in appr°oSn0nSt ?**?¿ Thomas. Miss TVMT-1 ms for Tt,"Vr' penniless, cUrious I had a t settlement ofli0\0Tu«r to she wrote in answer from prison has ' V My beloved Agnes__im"'ghton. as follow " He is Spirit leads under. the rates '<> a? ? lence because I brilia 2.!?! with <>>" north ... silence The Lord army g", 6 fiV0U5Me»ne arrests you. You m'nffoÄuP 3J5rOB* 'A was favours; he shows me that rich but' God is "a contrary to God's «-",5 "after Principle I. '!ln" with that confidencewhW.»N«»'«. life are one spirit. This star is cast nine, miles abandons J; gùo It is down mrS trust 111, fafttiuiine"1' safe satisfy? 66 whence you repose li in '-ST secure Ymi.l,"lt111 Know Ood.nnfl'cnow handbag Pte your'puCT, Ivvomd'Sv'>'^,Z'!* -oUappyatate. "ashes next year, Mrs. Thomas To of I received the following letter from klCJ,mwl11. husband, thou at Bridgewater at " precious My best bcloTCd.-,Snató¿"MW. portion eat, drink, yea drink about 100 I shall soul delight in fattest ; let him and w"e"eKs home and resting place. Out of ten by J Sr no happiness but In nU win "her I, 27in ,hír,f«Se peace The servant of It, word it's? H SS would not be in your present STRAW ¡"'""«Joa rebelled month, agoamltlm,\T'.S** »«G notbelnpble toirllbSS wA*l,uî*'<'flU would; But when I see you I will M,"'"VÍ«"««« for the present abide quietly where train '^ *. as if it were with you. I Save cases is"' ending sent In my portmanteau I fn,m?l"¿l,le""cI«jw looking at ÍII the little things USA's love you, more than I can tell. a, .,. Wool ld wardly, but w^l,."^^^» s" WW0aU we are separated now; but we are ml .d^T^1^ Snell other not, but" yet wore. a ""?'. "ss from me as I can offer, after some little?. mash hn dearest, the same, your averaging, swells (i The manner in which people rebelled consisted in the fact that h Then five months gone in her press his for some reason or other, w^dlspfig to Mr. Prince. From the banning February, in until the present SA and Mrs. Thomas have remained en'Mv separated. One only child was the fatI their ill-starred marriage, and in the final JS offspring the father never interested hS until the present moment. His, object in Z appeal to the Court was to recover the ni dianship of the. child, now four years of 1 and to transfer it to the Ampcmonc.toboiJim brought up under the spiritual direction of the Rev. H. T. Prince, the a Servant of the Lord' To such a conclusion as this Vice-Chancellor Bruce has very properly opposed himself, and has determined that the custody of the child shall remain with the mother and the maternal grandmother. As far as these persons are concerned, the case may be taken as terminated we wish that we could announce in the same' sentence the entire downfall of the den officier ous imposture onwhichthennmcof Agapemone has been bestowed. We must console our. selves with the expectation that its duration will be brief. There is no muscle or energy about the system. It is just a comfortable west end club, in which all rational candidates are black-balled ; as soon as the purses of the zeal of the subscribers are exhausted the institution must become bankrupt. The Agapemonites are an expensive sect Theirs is not a belief that appeals to the sympathies of the poor, and no belief ever yet struck deep root that did not mainly recruit its ranks from the indigent and suffering millions. The heresy of the Agapemonites is a four-in-hand heresy. Every proselyte is expected to come down with a handsome subscription, and, like the pupils at fashionable boarding-schools, to bring six silver forks and an ample supply of fine linen. AMUSEMENTS or FRENCH Sommerset withstanding the efforts of philosophers, the great majority of the society to whom they ought to inculcate their doctrines remained essentially frivolous. During a whole season nothing was so fashionable for both men and women as to cut up costly engravings and stick the mutilated figures on fans and fire- screens to make up riband knots came next in vogue ; the childish game of cup-nnd-baD was also one of the favourite amusements of this indolent aristocracy. Some noblemen sought to distinguish themselves by the singularity of their conduct. The Duke of Gesvra kept open house during a fit of illness. Forty persons daily sat down at his table : only about twenty of his privileged courtiers, whom he had presented with splendid green suits, were ad mitted into his presence. They found him in a magnificent apartment, richly dressed in green, reclining on a couch, and making tip riband knots. Another nobleman, the Duke of Epernou, placed his delight in surgical operations and by mingled threats and promises compelled his unhappy vassals to let him cm ease his skill upon them. Women rendered themselves conspicuous for the eagerness with which they entered into all these frivolous amusements. The celebrated singers, Mademoiselle le Pallisier and Mademoiselle le Marie divided the court ladies into two rival parties. Leading a life of indolence and sensuality, Louis XV. could not always find in hunting, or in a puerile devotion, a sufficient source of pleasure ; he accordingly indulged in the most effeminate amusements. At one time the whole court was thrown into great commotion by a , sudden fancy which the king took for worsted work. A courier was instantly despatched to Paris for wool, needles, and canvas; he only took two hours and a half to go and come back; and the same day all the courtiers in Veruite were seen, with the Duke of Gesvrcs at their head, embroidering, like the sovereign. But even tapestries was ineffectual to allay those periodical attacks of despondency to which Louis was subject from his youth, and during which his only pleasure was to entertain those around him with long and dismal accounts of graveyards, sudden deaths, and all the melancholy pageantry of stately funeral procession, \- Woman in France during the last Century. BAD COOKING THE CAUSE or DOMESTIC DISCORD. Young ladies of the leisure class, are educated to become uncommonly acute critics of all that pertains to personal says. ment. They keep an uncompromisingly' tion hand over their milliners and Ladies mains. They can tell to a thread when a flounce is too narrow or a tuck too deep. They're taught to a shade what colours suit their respective complexions, and to a hair now their coiffure ought to be arranged. a I saw the seamstress or handmaiden who are these matters ! But her " good plain cook when a damsel is promoted to wedlock, and owns one-passes unapproached for the men heinous offences. Badly seasoned and in assimilated soup ; fish, without any raises the fishmonger, soft and flabby; Tatiana roasted before fierce fires burnt outside at raw within ; poultry rendered by the new process tempting to the eye, till dissects reveals red and uncooked joints! IM crimes, from their frequency and theiignoru« of the " lady of the house," remain unpaid lished ; whereupon husbands, tired 01 ino. Barmicedc feasts-which d»appomt_tnc is more because they have often a profit? T*. to the eye-prefer better to mattocks and escape the Scylla of bad digestion, tons wrecked on the Charybdis of domestic di JJ All this is owing to the wife W ignorance, and to your " good plain cook. Dicken's Household Words, so. I. .." COME AT LAST The important says a Yankee orator, a which were about have arrived, have arrived. off, A Scotchman having hired tomato to a mer, had a cheese set down below but as might help himself. The NZ Sandy, you take a long time to we ¿ In truth, master," answered he. "is of this size is no sale soon eaten as ye may 