'4@ccl£0ta$tiral finieiUgf itrr. 1 ? ADVENT. THE ARCHBISHOPS PASTORAL. t^ons Bede fey the Grace of God, and favor of the Holy Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney, to the Clergy and Faithful of the Arch-Diocese. Beloved in Jbsus Cnui&T;, ' . . The Church, inspired By the Holy Ghost, has appointed seasons of special preparation for the two great festivals .of Easter and of Christmas, in order that her children, by previous meditation on the mysteries coiTjmemorated, may 'be disposed to celebrate them with proper dispositions. For the latter festival, which you are aware, commemorates the Birth of our Saviour Jesus Christ, we commence our preparation the first Sunday of the holy time of Advent. ' For this end it becomes us to meditate upon that exceedingly great goodness of God in which he spared not his only Son, but gave him up to redeem us, wretched sinners. In the consideration of this great goodness, the Church, alluding to the dis obedience of our first parents, exclaims, ' Oh happy fault which obtained for us such and so great a Redeemer !' The patriarchs and holy men or old, lunged, most ardently, for the time when in virtue of the promise made, From the Heavens was to come the Just One, the flower from the root of Jesse, ? God and man, one who was to sit upon the' throne of David, to establish and strengthen it with judg ment and loith justice, of whose kingdom there was to be no end. Furthermore, Dearly Beloved, meditate on the exceedingly great goodness of that Blessed Sou of God who having' taken upon himself to redeem man vouchsafed to submit from the moment of his Wirth to poverty and humiliations for our sakes. These two subjects, the love of the Eternal Father and the love of his most Blessed Son for us as ma \- nifeste'd in the mystery of the Incarnation, ought to be frequently before our minds during the holy time of Advent. More highly favoured than the patriarchs- of old who were not permitted to see the day of the Lord'; so prepare your souls that your loving. Saviour may come with joy to take up his abode \vith you at the approaching festival. Behold, lie, of whose presence in the flesh this world was held to.be unworthy, during 4000 years ,- desires to visit you ! In order to welcome him, by devout meditation, endeavour to have a faith more lively than that of Abraham, hope- stronger than that of Job,, a penitential spirit more fervent than that of David. You cannot celebrate the festival of our Lord's nativity in a manner more agreeable to [Tim mnrt nrnfifalila tft vnurSf-lvflS. than bv a fiTOod confession andj with the permission of your imme diate Pastor, by a Worthy Communion. , In the, way of particular preparation, we advise you, Dearly Beloved, to prolong your usual daily devotions by stricter self-examination,- recollection | and prayer. .On-'' Wednesdays and Fridays, we ex- ' hort all, who have the opportunity, to hear Mass, and -in the evening, to assemble- with, their Pastors for prayer and instruction. ,? ? And' to encourage the -'Faithful: to approach the Holy Sacraments, in virtue of the authority granted.! to- us by the Holy- See, we hereby declare that a ; 'Plenary- Indulgence-: will be obtained by those who ? 'having, with contrite hearts, confessed their sins, shall, worthily' receive, the Holy Communion on any day between the fourth Sunday of Advent' and the Octave day of Epiphaiiy, inclusive-, and pray for our intentions. Five- Paters,, and live Aves, or the [ Psalm ?' Miserere,' may be recited to this end. j The peace of Our Lorfl and -Saviour. Joaus Christ be with you all. . ? .By. order of His Grace the Archbishop, . . ' J. M'ENCROE. ' 