TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNOESTON EXAMINER. W E L S EY A N I a K. " Who are the proper persons to be present at 'any conference? As many of the preachers as conve niently can, the most lively and most sensible of the band leaders where the conference is held, and any pious, judicious strangers who may be at that place." "It would have been happy for the church, had its dddinary ministers in every age taken the same care to act in concert with the people committed to their charge, which tlhe apostles themselves, extraordinary as their office was, did on this and other occasions."-( Acts vi. 3.) One of the circumstances which contributed chiefly to preserve sanctity in the Christian church, was the right of excluding from thence such as ?had been guilty of enormous transgressions. ? bhe right was vested in the church from the earliest perioudof its existence by the apostles themselves, and was exercised by each Christian assembly upon its repde:tive members."--John Wesley. St..a-I would be'very reluctant to quarrel with my friend George Muggerldge. I have ever had reason :to thinki that he was a lrue Wesleyan methodist : and L'am sorry I cannot remove the'hmpression from my mind;hat hehy hs aowed himself to be iiade a toot of by those who have taken advantage of the simple, but honest Inflrmities of his nature, and of his some what commiserable domestic circulnstances. I think, Sir if one could have been favored with a sight of their phislognomy, that George's operators would have exhibited a slight sufi'ueion of crimson when they made him join hands with my respected friend Mr. Madden; and 1 would wish him to get them to tead to him the story of Jetzer, that 'extremely simple fellow," who was the instrament of the Domi. nicans in their stratagem of rivalry with the Fran ciscans at Berne in the sixteenth century. If they will only read that story to him, I think that George will see the propriety of keeping more closely to his anvil and bellows; and then he ought also to recol lect that lie might blow an article rather too san IaOT, as one of his rev. " superiors" has don'e on this subject. George must not think It strange that people should suppose he has only been employed n the present Instance as a tool for others, I recollect a gentleman who was formerly connected with the Wesleyaiis in this circuit, remarking to me that a certain person who has lately been alluded to as one who " welds a little of the clerical with hisextensive dealings in iron," was a great conference man. I replied I knew he was; but that I was surprised he should have beenl the leader in the quarrel theoffice bearers had with the preachers at the quarter-day. The gentleman turned up his face rather gravely, and said, air, ire was only acting for the others its that affair: ihe knew, he said, how they were in the habit of doing in such things. Now, here Is rather a strange picture of " the unleavened bread of sin cerity and truth :" a great conference man putting on the clohe of a "radical." and opening an attack on tire preachers because of their extravagance, in gratitude, and lofty assumptions. I soon found, however, to my sorrow, that they only wanted to save their own pockets. George Muggeridge once told me how heavy they made the burden on the poorer members of society: he said he knew that often when a working man gave ten shillings, a gentleman would give a dollar. I told one of the office-bearers that a person had told ime this; and he, with a great deal of warmth declared, that whatever such a person might once have been, he was certain Ire had no religion ins him now. He would have it that my "friend" George was a "false pro fessor ;" but I defended him very strongly, and whets the office-bearer got quite cool, I gave him a quota tion from John Wesley, when he smiled, and said, why, I dare say, perhaps it is so. 1 suppose now that George had his eye upon " some private persond" when he told me how sparing the rich men were to give of their own abundance, wiile they would take the poor marn's very lamb from him: if not, he must have been guilty of a genesal slander, for it is im possible that such a thing can be generally true, unless it be true of certain individuals. I judge, Sir, that in such matters as these, it is the best way to hit the nail pretty close on the head, otherwise suspicion might happen to fall upon an innocent person: though it perhaps could not very easily do so: for a clergyman whose ministrations I am in the habit of attelnding, tells us that if one wanted to flqd a Christian like those we read of in the Acts of the Apostles, we could scarely know where to begin to look forhim. But, Sir, I met with my friend George odly a few weeks since, and I was talking very warmly about some of those private persons, and said I had told a certain clergyman what a shame it was that such persons should be harbored in the church, that the church at least ought to make them make resti tution. George replied they could not do that; but recollecting himself, he said they could expel them. Yes, they could do this, only they have taken the "right" out of the people's hands. And now let George read one of the mottos I have given from John Wesley, and I will pass on. " When were we asked the state of our souls since we were received into the connection?" says the pious and venerable William Bramwell, in a letter he addressed to the superintendents throughout the kingdom, dated Sheffield, Nov. 10, 1796. " We may be proud, passionate, envious, malicious, covetous, self- willed, brawlers and triflers, given to jesting, yea tippling. We may oppose the real work of God, may turn hundreds out of the way, and yet remain travelling preachers. Whatever we are when we enter upon the great work of the ministry, we may lose'our first love, zeal, faith, patience, hope, yea every grace, and yet go round the circuit, car rying about the ghost of a preacher, ' who being dead yet speakeltF." . Now, Sir, this is the testimony of a man who would not lie. The employers of my friend George dare not make him charge William Bramwell with slan der. And what can we think of a body of Christians where the discipline is so lax among the ministers ? ,"Know ye not that alittle leaveti leaveneth the whole "lump?" But 'they are very strict and severe with poor Everett, Dunn and Griffith. Yes, if you put your finger upion the pretended prerogatives of their "divinely instituted ministry,": they will persecute you like Rome, "Tho'Rev.'Jonathan Crowther, in the same year thatiMr. Bramwell' wrote the above, describes the conference as 'f the annual sight of six or seven men getting round the table and fighting with each other, talking by turns (except when several of them talk together), engrossing all the speechifying, while the rest sit round in sullen, stupid, or indignantsilence, the devil perching on the front of ie gallery; while love, meekness, and wisdom, together 'with our guardian angels, and even the Holy Ghost quit the assembly; and the confused group appears to the weeping heavens something like' the assembly in a cockpi." The conference had solemnly, before God, granted certain articles of pacification to the people the year before, the president, however, inserting a protest against those articles in the jour nals; antd in this year (1796), they enacted tlie law forbidding any person to call meetings, or circulate letters, or do anything whatever, without the ap t pointment of conference. The following year the people sent their delegates again, alho compelledihe I conference to rescind this law, and grant further concessions; and they fondly hoped they had re moved the devil from his place; but the law of '96 was not ciossed out, and the additional concesslons were not entered. What would .you think, Sir, of tire merchiints of Launceston, if they were to serve their bookRcustomers in this way7? You could notcall them honest men I apprehend. I have before me a :publication by, It. 1B. Gritndrod,:Esq,, L.Js.D., a true. Wesleyan methodist, and author of" Bacehus," I the temperance prize essay (he will be a verygood auth'ority with George and his Rechbhite brethr?n), in which he'says, after referring to a very important "regulation" conceded in '97g;and publfshed by the Sconferengfd bpokseller in 1800, "to their etern'aldli I grtce be it said, they changed the construction of this r rule in a few years afterwards, and at-a time, too, wh thro people were lulled into0 astate bf security,. in 1897 they openly violated the solemn compact; and in,1828 it appears the devil again occupied his poa sition in the confefenco, for Dr. A. Clarke said they spent so many days in doing the devil's work, and hod done it just as the devil wished: and a few years after this again, they brought out the rescinded law, and charged it heavily upon the people, it never having been crossed out of the books:-" Let no man nor number of men in our connection, on any account or occasion, circulateletters, call meetings, do, or attempt to'do anything new until it has been first appointed by the conference." [Has George Mluggeridge, Sir, received an appointment from conforence to circulate letters in the Examiner? I thlnk you had better caution him before you insert his next.] Now what can we think of such men as these? I was talking with the IRer. Mr. Stackhouse lately about them, anl I told him they could do any .that they were capable of committing any wick edness if it only suited their purpose. Rome herself, Sir. cannot beat them. But George says, "' Wesleyans profess to be the friends of all, and the enemies of none." It is of no use, however, to mind what they profess. Have they not declared their determination to wage un ceasing war with Rome? Have they not put free church:nen into their pulpits to lash our quiet Scotch church people with a big muckle stock bullock-whip ? And have they not stigmatised the dissenters as political, and slandered them as persons who act without any principle, simply because they complain against an establishment which the Wesleyans pre tend to favor, an establishment which they them selves, in tile minutes of conference, pronounce to be unscripturol, and a mere political institution? And has it not moreover been discovered, even by the Bishop of Exeter himself, that whilst they pro fess to be the peculiar friends of the church of Eng land, they are her very worst enemies, inamucll as they want to supplant her, and do her out of her political and worldly endowments? 0, George, George, thy employers are making thee tell nothing st all but lies. One of the greatest statesmen of England, Lord John Russell, has said, that if the methodists only had the power, there is reason to fear the conference would equal Rome itself in the spirit of persecution. 'Thus we see they are the most hateful enemies of mankind--not such men as Adam Clarke, but the conference methodists; and you must put your foot upon their neck, and crush them, or they will crush you. Our grandmother Rome has got old and infirm ; but they are in their prime, and only want political power. 'Ihey have violated the most solemn compact which they made before God in 1795 and '97, for God is nothing to them, they are " worse than infidels." Yet, to use the language of a Weslean reformer some years ago, " Wesleyan Methodism, as supported by that world at whose feet it is now seen crouching for the perishing riches and honors of this transitory life, may long continue not only to exist, but to flourish and prosper also, the stalking shadow of its primitive piety, arrayed in the gaudy trappings of its fallen and degraded cha racter. Yes, the day may comne wherein rr may rival its great prototype, Poreary, in the accumulation of wealth, in the magnificence of its embellishments, and in the extent of its popularity, even when that 'r.orstrE OF HARLOTS' was in the zenitil of her terrestrial glory." Workisng people ! keep your money in your pockets. My friend George Mluggeridge told me he had known working men give ten shillinge when a-rich man would only give a dollar; but be such fools:no longer; they can get their money without you. But I must bid George adieu till next week. . THosAs ALcocc. . September 9. 