HRiriSH INTELLIGENCE. In addition to the inter. sLa^ news published in our yesterday's number, we have gleaned the following miscellaneous items : — The 2nd Aiav was nositivelv fixed for thp. final departure of the .-\rctic expedition. The possible iss-.ue of the Govham case seemed beyond all reasonable comprehension. The law costs incurred hy the Bishop of Exeter are snid to have exceeded £ 14,000. Wordsworth, the Poet Laureate, died on the 23rd of April. The Parliamentary enquiry on the subject of official salaries, moved for by Lord John Russell, had created a great sensation. The committee will have enough to do to acknow ledge, in courteous terms, the letters of in formants. 'i here had been an awfully destructive storm at the Bahamas, and a serious lire at Trinidad. The enormous sums necessarily squandered in the formation and consi ruction of i ail way lines and appendages were producing the bit ter fruits of loss and disappointment, ft is some consolation that the vast utility of the system is undeniable. The metal mirket is likely to improve. Tough cake copper is at £88 per ton. The hopes of the woolgrowers will, it is thought, be sufficiently confirmed after the 4th May wool sale. '1 allow had reached 48s. per cwt., but the samples commanding that figure were de cidedly superior. Excision of the elbow-joint had been per formed with remarkable success by Win. Cowan, Esq., house-surgeon to the Greenock Infirmary. Secessions are rife. The English Review, in its last number, asserts that the Uev. William Palmer, M.A., Feilow of Magdalen College, Oxford, who some time since joined the Scotch Episcopalians, is about to be recon ciled to the Oriental Church. The reverend gentleman, who has never proceeded beyond deacon's orders in the .Anglican Church, in which he was some time ago one of the most advanced of the Tractarians, is said, on the same authority, to be at issue with it on an article of the Nicene Creed — the procession of the Holy Ghost— rejecting, with the Greek Church, the word filioque. Mr Palmer is now at Athens. The following was the form of petition about to be presented from the inhabitants of Greenock against Mr Stuart VVortley's Marriage Affinity Bill: — Unto the Honoumb'o tho Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland iu Parlia ment assembled : The humble Petition of the undersigned Magis trates, Ministers, Bankers, Merchants, aud other Inhabitants of the Town of Greeuock, Shewetli — That your Petitioners have learned with sincere regret that a Biil has been introduced into your Honourable House, having for its object the legal izing of tho marriage of a widower with his deceased wife's sister. That your Petitioners consider such a Bill as alto gether uncalled for, and regard such a union as it pro poses to sanction as contrary to the revealed will of God — injurious to the interests of morality — calculated to undermine the peace cf families, and likely to pro duce a collision betwixt tho Civil and Ecclesiastical Courts --f this portion of the United Kingdom. iviay it therefore please your Honourable House to refuse all further support or countenance to this highly obnoxious and injurious measure, and not to pass the eamo into a law. And your Peti tioners will ever pray. The petition to the Lords was in similar terms. 