TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. BIBLE CUONTRLOVERSY. Stn,-I should be sorry, Iknowingly, to revile land speak all thal is evil agillnst the Romani ealtholics, uIntruely, for Christ's sake, as Mr. Madden seems to insinuate. I have, indeed, threec very important reasons for specially main taiing, as far as I am able, a conciliating and candid spirit towards them: 1\. I feel it would be inglorious to triumph. over a fallen foe, when I look back upon past ages and contemplatelo what a wreck and scorn the papal religion has become In the earth, and when I con sider the present state of Roman catholic countries. 2\. I judge it to be very injudicions and im proper to say anything that would unnecessarily irritate their ontward feelings, when I reflect upon the general prevalence of that fiery religious se'al among the Roman catholics, whilst there is little or no real bible religioil in the heart. 3\. I know that there is very much selfishness ahout some of those persons who are-so forward in their determination to ivwLe war with Rome, and that their object'is chiefly to throw-dust in people's eyes, that they may conceal their own popery. Such persona do more Ihartsthan good, in more ways than one; and theyy would do well to reflect while they denounc te ih efther, that they themselves are se hearlots; And to remember that passage of scriptuire of which Mr. Hall reminded one of thi rev, speakers at the bible society meeting-" Let him that is without sin among yon cast the first stone at her." Biut yet, notwitlhstandineg these reasons, I must take Mr. Madden up; and first I will begin with tie word "authentic," as it will lead ius to the Sixtine edition of the vulgate. Wh Iy Mr. VM. sihould charge ine with trying my quibbles on this word, I ant rathier at a loss to say. I merely stated that Sixtus, liy all authorisedt bull, pronouncedl Ihis editilon to be tlie authentic vngniate,-without putting any constrictlon upon the wordt. Gre gory, however, 's tipplressed this edition; atid Olerisent VIII. published anotlher, very 'different front'it, whicli ihe declared to be nauthentic. Now, what imnportancel cani we attlchs to a papal utll, if even its huthenticity be ever so clear ? Mr.M. thinks the siuppression of thesSixtine edition is an Ihonorable proofof tlhezeal evisiced by the hiighest cathiolic authorities, to circuilate none bhlt tihe most correct editions of tihe serititures. 1 could wialsh it was so. Bit, notwithstanding Clesment's consti tithon, I do not thinsk they iave got lthe most authentic edition of the bible yet; for Clement 'may be wrong as well as Sixtus: and if there be as misch hIonorable 'cnidor among teI Romnuan ca tholics as Mr. M. ul'pposes, I woulid advise tshem to coat offl the unauithorised books of thisi apocrypha, ands tojoin tihe bible society, as tihe best means for obtaining a mnore authentlic edition; ,Lhope Mr. 'A. will not treat my advice altogether discourte ously, for Raltsotghs my pretensions are inot sbogreat as thoseof the popes; )et ie mightt!find me to conmeo as near to the trsth as either SixtUs or Olenment. 1 tshink that Mr. M.'s strictures in reference to the tryisg of quiibles on the word "ausentic," oughst; in nall fairness, to be applied chiefly to the fathers of the counncil ofTrent. Hartwell Horne says that the word is very sambiguous, asndought to Ihave been mnore precisely defined by the mesm bers of that cosncil. He says that thie svulgae, to wlhich this wordt wasappslied, Ihas been extolledt beyond all measure Iby some of the advocates of the Romish clhurch--soc as Morinass, Ssarer, and others, who have maintaineds that -it wss it, spired ansd infalllble. Bishop Lowtls says, that sipos the ground of this word "astlhentic," many have conltetnded that the vuigate version was dictated by the Holy Ghost-at least, that it was providentially giardesd againsst al error, andi was consequently of divine autlhority, and more to be regarded than even tihe original Hebrew and Greek texts. In effect, lie says, tlhedecree of tihe counsil of Tresnt, however limited anid moderated by the explanation of some of their more judiclous divines hIas given to the vilgate such a ihighi degree of aluthority, thliat in this instanice-at least, the translation hlas taken place of the original; for tliese translators, instead of tie Hebrew and Greek texts, pirofess to translate the vulgate. Dr. Moshehn isays that tthe latin vulgate, though it abounds will isnumerable gross errors, anid in a great mansy places exhibits the miost shocking Iarbarity of style, andi the lnost ilnpenetrable obscurity with respect to tile sense of inspired writers, was declared by a solemn decree of the council of Trentl, asn atlhentic-i. e., a flithfiu, aceurate, and perfect translation. Dr.Mlloshelm's English translator,-Dr. Maacainse,-modiifies this a little; and says that we learsn from Fra Paolou Sarpi that this version was to be corrected, and a nlew edlition of it pulsisledt Iby personas appointed for that ,purpose. Dr. Maclainse, however, says there was something highily ritdiculoesia in the ipro ceedings of tihe counncil on this point; for if tihe natisral order of things Ihadt been observed, tile revisal and correction of thie vulgate would have pirecetded tihe pomponsos approlbation with which the cousncil Ihonored, sanid as it were consecratedl that ancient version. For how, lie asks, could tihe assembled fathers, with any sihadlow of goodt sense, set tie seal of their approbation to a work which they acknowledgesdt to stanid in need of cut rection, and that, too, before they knew whether the cor rection would ansswet their views, and merit their aplprobation? 1 Mr. Madden's strictures, I tthink, wosid collme in Ihere very well when we consider Ihow uIisa tisfictory Sixtus' " authentic" version proved to lie. But Mr. MI. would insiniate that tile Sixtine edlition wits witthdrawn tfrom circulation oni account of itsa typographical errors. Ol, shame,sasse, thus to throw the bluisne spos thle prinlters. Just think what the conseqsielces miglht be fr tile poor ien being blamsed, andi thlat utlruely, for spuiling the authenltic vulgate, which had been the object of inquiry in tihe counncil of Trent. Burker anid Lseas were heavily finedt in thie English star chamlber, for simply leaving out the word "inot" in the seventh commandmensasd t. Dir. Mi. ought itherefore to charge it iupon hisc roncience whaeuher it he right, thulls unjustly to accusae the poor prinlters of Sixtus' balule, wihen lie knows what were thle s perior terrors oft the Roman inquisitiou- that great exnal; lura of Ihe high commsissions court of /~sglfsslad. lsut let us exaisiiie into tthe trthit of tilsa inaisisina tion of Mr. I. Moslicim says that the latin volgate labountded with innumerable gross errors, &e.;,nand even the councll of Trent, according to Fra Paolo, acknowledged that it needed correction. Several persons undertook to tmake the required corrections; and, among the rest, certain di vines of Lovniit, who pnullshed a corrected edition in 1673\. The labors of these divines were inot in every respect allpproved by Sixtts V., end lie commanded it new revision of the text to be made with the greatest care. Hlie devoted nmuclh of his own tine and attenition to this work, and corrected the piroof lheets himself. When the text was thus revised, Sixtusa pronounced it to be the "ant thentic" vulgate, and ordained thant it shouldl be adopted tIlhroiughout the Itomnish church. This editions was supiIpressed by Gregory XIV.; and Clement VIII. pnblished another "authentic" edition, wlhich differs nmoro than any other from that of Sixtus, andi mostly reselmbles that of the Loivain. Yet, notwitlhstanding all tnese aieces sive corrections, Cardinal Bellarmine avowed that it still necededl a further amendment in a number of places. With all this evidence before as, sir, is it honorable for Mr. Madden falsely to accuse She pope's innocent printers? Anil is it becoming thlat such persons should dogmnatically persastiln reviling our bible as a corrupt and mutilated veraion? I hope, sir, that Mr. Madden wilt begin to binsh. Andl I can assure hii tlhit if hie will only. allow his ignorance to be enliglhtened, and hli obstisnacy to be asbddedl, that the bible society will cheer fully take him by the lshanid, anld icai him in the right way. I shall only now siotice Mr. Madden's paragraph on religious persecutiun, andt reserve nmy other strictures. for another issue. I.am sincerely glad that Mr. A. condlemnse persecution for religiois opiniotns; and I cordially believe thlat there are a goodly number of Romatn catholics like hims ii this respect :"tit Iecan scarcely agree with him thalnt the Romaniasts have asuffered as nmchi from rell gioes jerseestion as they have inflicted upen others: and I must still maintain that the other sects of Christians.thave, generially speakting, rc ceived tSie spirit of religious pecrsecntion fronm their principles anil example. Een inii the fifth ten. tury, when the Arians.. among the Vandals, and the olther savage nations, treated the catholics withs the same violence which thie latter Iadent ployed against thlenm, thecy declaredl they were an thlorised by their own example. VWhat a pilty that those who pretendtled to be the only trite Clhristians elihold set suclh a badl example before buarbarians. It is pleasing, however, to. see some sigtns of amendt-. ment, bit-before the spirit of religious persecution can belie enitirely extirpatedl, there are two things tlhat,!n must be Ipurged away, viz.,-that outward fiery zeal with little or no bible religion in the heart.; and that idle notion about the infalliblltly of the church. I hiave a Roman catholic book now before me thant gives the nicest excuse for religI ons persecution brlsing from this last cause that I have yet seen. It says,-"The principal onswhichi the ecclesiastical court often refused to protect an obstinate teacher of evil doctrine from tihe civil piwer, was founded: on their- firn trunst in a divinlely apipolnted chlurlch, wihichli in doctrine could not err. Hence every spiritual rebel againslat that chulrch was considered not only in vital error hinm self, nwhich woildcomnparatively signify but little, but, by the dissemination of his doctrine, a piest to society, antd therefore to be as a dead hbnnels hiewn off and cast into the fire." Here now is a secret: they fanciedl thlemselves to be infallible; andt consequently thought they were perfectly safe in haiding over better mcen than theniselves to the flaiues: and bIy tuis act they proved them solves to be anil-Christ. There is nothing in fallible in this world but Goo, and Ihis authentic nooK; anti whoever will denounce their own wisdomo and conceits, and humbly trust to these for instruction aid guidance, will never go tar astray. As for thie church, Jesus Christ will take care of it. Hit will ibuild it upon His own rock. He does not want conceited fiery persecutors to meddle with it. THIoMAS ALCOCK. July 22. 