THE POLICE. DOUBTLESS most of our readers remember the character given by the Lieutenant Govenor, of many self-important personages in our community, namely—" that a low estimate is placed by them on every thing which can distinguish a man from his fellows with the sole exception of wealth—opening the road to 110 other ambition than that of excelling in habits of self-indulgence —anyattemt to rise above the general level, being frustrated by the jealousy of the remainder of the community."—Sir W. Denison'sDespatch to Lord Grey, I5th Aug. 184-8. We cannot but give our adhesion to this official brand, so justly fixed upon the lions of Colonial society. The brand developes itself every where—and we confess no where so characteristically as in the prevailing current of our public journalism. This evil possession of jealousy invariably selects the atmosphere of sly slandering and the vilest spirit of defamation, as its most delectablc and congenial element. An extraordinary moral phenomenon constantly presents itself in every outburst of these insidious aud depraving passions, in the curious and startling fact, that the poison ventures to skulk and victimize, under the imposing and attractive garb of pretending morality. Nor is it a less startling fact, that these most evil passions thus perniciously cloaked, are more especially the weapons resorted to by such portions of the public press, as stand more prominantly forward as the accredited advocates of some systems of sectarian Christianity of a very marvellouslyrefinedstainp—butwliat we in sober truth regard as nothing else than veritable hypocritical pharisaism. The Courier at length, we trust, stung by something of remorse at that shameful warfare, which its own columns have so elaborately waged for years, both against the population and the interests of the Colony, has from some motive of a dubious cast, lately implored the little reverend dealers amongst us in infamous crusades, for a while, to cease their venomous barking. " It would be well, indeed, if the ministers of various denominations would more constantly bear this in mind, instead of outbidding one another in efforts to darken the general aspect of the Colony."— such is the Couriers present admonitory language in its own advertising organ, the Omnibus, 4th June! We can perfectly understand how those, who, as this language of " various denominations" imports, are spiritual ringleaders of multifarious opposing schisms from the Church of God, continually persists in this scowling warfare of all the worst passions of deep spiritual wiclcednes. As the first great brsach of charity has by them beem impiously perpetrated, so the spirit, is so very naturally engendered amongst them, of raukliilg spite, pharisaic highmiiidedness, and jealous intolerance. In this we utter the sentiments of all the greatest writers, ancient and modem, of every sound branch of Christendom. " We read," says an author of great eminence—" that the Apostles, when the Holy Ghost descended, were all with one accord in one place; and so ought Christians to be, if they is would preserve the presence of the spirit amongst them, who is the spirit of unity. And as the spirit of unity in worship disposes men to a more peaccable and charitable temper, so the spirit of division and fanaticism is attended with violence and bitterness of language, and an intolerant persecuting humour toward all who are not fanatics." —Tones of Nayland. Now we have but lately pointed out the awful manifestation of this hatefully dissenting and sectarian spleen and temper displayed in the Colonial Times of this City—in the Argus, of Melbourne—and in the Launceston Exaniner— a journal, which, as we have recently seen, has been charged by a very competent judge, the Cornwall Chronicle, as one by far of the most corrupting and most demoralizing engines of the whole Colonial Press. How long will funds—public or private—be wickedly lavished to tolerate amongst us, whether journalists or ministers, any who may dare so foully to prostitute their important mission. These remarks have been forced upon us at our perusal of the letter of a correspondent, (signed Recluse), admitted into the Colonial Times, July 2nd, 1850. We think that the author has well assumed the name Recluse—for the writer has most lamentably strayed out of the high-ways of trutli and fact, into the skulking corners of misrepresentation and untruth. Like Mr. PITCAIRN, " he supposes to use the language of SirW. DENISON, " the end justifies the means, however discreditable." Now the Recluse desires to exalt what is moral far above every thing material. Under the appearance of zeal for our improved moral change amongst us, he specially pounces upon our police, as deserving of all reprobation. He evidently feels galled, that a body of men who, practically speaking, are the chief conservators of life and property, and subordinately even of public morals, should be composed of the humble elements it now is. His language is unquestionable:— " We have moral evils of great magnitude. The word "police"for instance, shrowds an abyss of iniquity which I liave not the heart to explore; nerves of iron are alone adequate to that service. Its structure is unparalleled in the history of the world, and its inefficiency is shown by the late public caution fcf the Chief Police Magistrate not to leave our houses unprotected, a caution which contains a severe reflection both upon the department and the Condition of our community." Now what a pernicious attempt is here but ill disguised, to represent once more to the world, the fearful insecurity of this Colony! and what is the malignant motive to Continue to spread such utterly groundless inuendoes? Is it any thing else than the indulgence of malignancy, which finds in the congenial columns of fie Colonial Times, a ready support of whatever favors sectarian moroseness. But for the truth of the Recluse's statements. The Chief Police Magistrate certainly has published a caution, that the inhabitants should not leave their houses utterly empty, and therefore quite unprotected. The reason is very obvious. Walk through our streets, and even all our outskirts. Not one house in twenty has a single shutter. Throughout our city nothing but a thin wafer of brittle glass guards property from the assaults of robbers. Many houses deem locks and bars a perfectly useless encumbrance. In the dead hours of the nightj most frequently open windows and halfclosed doors meet the eye. The solemn tread of hundreds of constables cannot, by night, be heard momentarily, as in London, in our streets. The sight of one, even every hour, would be thought here a most strict centinal- ship. Now why is all tliis? Why so different from any town in England ? It is only because thetfe is a universal security felt— very far beyond what is ever experienced in England. (To be resumed in our next.) 