The Th 'atre. . MARIAXKB. - TM» semi-tragi-dramatic. pieco hu not.much of tho .« cloth of gold*,'about it.,' The greatest " interest" - in it .goes no farther - - than what is commonly qualified in an ingenuity of »bowing up bare-facód roguery. ? miraculous.'. dangers, and wonderful oscapos -o óhar:ty-girl. victlmixed for a;wini?-a sort, of jockey of all: - work-ono lawyer (quito enough to feo a dc i ju. . ' murders)-two' lucompirablu' cut-throaU to tho llfo-a power of blaine/-a vulgar woman siib--; . limated. Into imitating ber betters-one or.two* of our old baasc-ville.alliances-a slap-up sort of boro, (asliecior pro tem.) who rushes on th» stage when, tho dead man (albeit not that mau " too good, ou earth to slay") re-appears, and. ? in tho twinkling of. an eye, without' either . trump, or dram, all of a sudden some sorontcou. : of tho happiest " looking company'-' in tho world . cast thoir, winning glances at tho audience for their approbation, as much as.to say .'.'How ar» you off tor soap IV. Yet afteVall, of its kind,- it ; - is a very fair thing as n chango of amusement. : There is no sort of trouble required-in watching tho action, or medium of tho plot, since therii seems neither top nor bottom to it : and, where - < there is Ho limit ; to genius, thora never can bo any rule to put it under : for which this, among«t many other--modern productions, escapes all chanoe of imitative criticism ; and, not to foretell the fact, it receives a great share of applause from tho excellent acting of thu best performer* 'in it. .. : : ;.- *? TnsiMax wnn Two MASTERS.-There lias .not . been,» furco, so well received Or bettor p'ated on tho boards for a long timo. The fitness and consistency.of- dialogue in the individuality of both characters, and yet so widely varied apart, in. each cacti is ono of those happy hits which in low comedy make Rotors and F. Howson un- equalled in that lino of acting. Ono is almost . killed to death with laughing at the " cleft stick" tho servant , gets into between .-tho two. The insidious,! meddling, impudent assurance* that ho keeps ,tip,-i:whiUt imposing on bia.two masters,; is only surpassed ; by tho; conning and dexterity with which he aUifw odt of every di lemma he gets into ; and they.arc. not few or . trifling. - Tho acting of F.. Howson, then, is to tho life, and Rogers too (ono OL; his .tnastcrsLin his waspish humour, .noversaUsflod:-nothing can go right 1 ? nobody Can please him ! Ho ia. in onoperpctual monomaniacal tortdro - naggling: \- fuming, and wrangling-nt. every turu and corner. The .' Big ? Man'' Of " Tho -House"--..' then what can equal Rogers 1 or rather, what can.Rogers not do i Answer-" play bad.".J . "A GirsEx's VBXORAXOK'*-Nsw DRAMA;-, This dramatic delivery, from tho records-of.' " Frightful Hue and Cry Lifo." is ono of those unlimited .theatrical representations .that, with-: out at all compromising tho genius of tho author, characterizes him bim rather as possessing an<: ingenuity unrivalled ia tho *'pistol and.dagger ? lino.**- Sôruo do not oxactly Understand or ima-' gino, that thoso molo productions draw atoho ment gallery, a well disposed pit. with a'good-- natured "circle;" andensuro tho host huase (onao a wook) noxt to tho " PsaiV-pntolio extra- vaganza; . Tho. tragi-struuture of this piece ia superbly murderous in its. way. Unt of ono murder confessed, succeed-nothing stopping sarural successive moat blood/jobs, most effec- tually pet formol by various cut-throats'; and these .convention illy continue for tho rom o ral ot superfluous life in otho», and aro most admi- rably finalized in tile Uko death of ovcry man of .each of this " cut and throat fraternity.'' Yot, ¿no scnrcoly likes tho death of tho No. 1 horo tho" Man Oipsey."' One had rather that, hav- ing slaked his- revenge. in tho blood of Mary Langley's father, «hon abo forgave him for pro- tecting her, mercy and pardon should have been shown him. Ho was ripo for repentance and by it entitlod to remission of sin by - over'y Beardie doctrine. However it. may be,- thia Gipsey was well acted by Botfield.- In fact th6 (Jipsoy is ,thi> wholo plot, motive, hit and split, of tho whole drama. Whatever of strut, swag- ger; and bounce, in any of tho characters there may be, ho is tho ono created for tho stain gu* foundation part of the wholo. story, 'fha piece' ia ; much ; relieved by a capital violent ghost icono between Rogers and F. Howson, where' they meet oach other under rathor equivocal circumstances at midnight, bnt aro laugliably put hon de combat by a roguish kind of a " Norfolk dumpling" country girl, admirably drawn by Mrs. Torning. Thero is also a " Guy Fawkos" scene, irresistible in patomhnio drollory. by tho samo inimi.ablos. Tho wholo strength of tho house being thrown into this pieco,'tho performers names iu it alone are quite'prelimi narily sufBoiont for the justice dono to it, and good playing is as nocosrsnry in parts of ovary casto as it is cortain that tho public expect it to bo so.. Yet, if auch bo a'necessary duty on the» part of tho players, it ia rathor moro for reflec- tion than evon objection that their talents were« . .'smocbored in auoh - extremities.*' -But sup- posing everything to have a fitting ond, it would seem tho : Gipsey's vengeanco coased because there was nothing, to carry it on with longer. Now aa the author, Mr. Sterling, knew thia (at tho first part of tho* drama), ho must hare known also, all tho while, that he- wroto about nothing: .and so' much for Sophocles or Shakespeare In exchange for sterling nonsense and t!.o other . brothorar.-" Binning and Punning.'1 