PRESBYTERIA.N SCHOOLS. "The Preachers.firiding'tbat they could not rival the, gentry, or even the middling rank, in opulence and plenty, were necessitated to betake themselves to other expedients for supporting their authority. They affected a furious zeal for religion, morose manners, a vulgar and familiar, yet mysterious cant ; and thou, the liberality of subsequent princes put. them afterwards on a better footing with regard to revenue, and thereby corrected in some degree those bad. habits; it must be confessed, that, while many other advantages attend presbyterian government, these inconveniences are not easily separated from the genius of that ecclesiastical polity."—Hume's England, " Elizabeth." Though the calculating farsightedness of Scotchmen, is so much at variance with the mercurial waywardness of the frollicking gallantries of Irishmen, yet we do . respect whatever noble qualities may at any time develope themselves in the Scottish race. Notwithstanding the above very qualified review of the Presbyterian Church of Scotland, given by one of her own greatest historians,'still if that spiritual body manifestj with palpable distinctness, in their operations, any of the blessed healing effects, among men, of that holy Gospel which belongs to them, as they think, so specially we. might add— so exclusively, we do indeed, however at variance with our own notions of the Christian faith, most uufeignedly venerate any such honourable and goodly fruit. •We know from the above distinguished Scotch historian, that the pretensions of Presbyrerianism are surpassingly lofty. The Scots," says that great writer, "had universally enieruined a notion, that though riches and worldly glory had b^en shared out to thein with a sparing hand, they could boast of spiritual treaxurcs more abundant, and more genuine than were enjoyed by any nation under heaven."—Hume's England, " Charles I." We dispute not such pretensions. We will venture merely to say, that for the mere sake. of religion, we feel unaffected pa.in, whenever any such precious privileges, whether true or false, seem to be clouded by course of action, at all contradictory to that spirit, which such a boon so naturally prompts to be alwaj's in active exercise for the benefit of men, and the glory of God. These few remarks are suggested hy the perusal of the following advertisement, which has lately appeared in the Colonial. Times—the accredited and., respectable organ, in this City, of the Presbyterian body:— Wanted a Married man, to take charge of a School in the country; he must have * come Free to the colony. Unexceptionable reference, as to character and ability, will be required. .Apply to Mr. Bell, St. John's Church, Macquarie-street; or Mr. Campbell, St. Andrew's Church."—Colonial Times, '23 July, 1850. Here, we have our colonial Presbyterian church putting out her authority to spread the worst yenom of party—the discord of classes, not only amongst the residents generally of this colony—but actually amongst the very members of her own privileged folds, which contain, some most truly conscientious, and sincerely religious persons, according to their own views—but who either are now in bonds, or who, haying once tasted their galling bitterness, can now not only plead the full possession of all the rights of any of Her Majesty's subjects, but still more, can most thankfully refer to that very bitterness, as the blessed source to their souls, of that far more prized eternal liberty, which the -adorable, Saviour of men, so freely purchased at" the vast price of His own most precious blood. We are assured that, many of our Presbyterian fellow-subjects, are living proofs, amongst. us, of the following truth uttered by an Author —highly valued by their own body, as he is by all their fellow-religionists throughout Europe, we mean the distinguished Krummacher of Germany:— " Numberless christians," says that author, " have been constrained to declare that it.was in their impri sonment, or place.of exile—in their lonely sick chamber, or in the days when they were forsaken by men and cast- out by the world, that they entered really into their own hearts, and ascertained their true spiritual slate."—Krum.macher's " Elijah''. We doubt not many such excellent Scotchmen have felt within them, the. truth of another sentiment of one of their countrymen—Archbishop Leighton. Leighton has truly siid—" The saints have, in cave's and dungeons, enjoyed more .light in those times, when other comforts have been abridged. Then . they have had a beam from Heaven into their souls in their -darhest dungeon, far more worth than the light of the sun, and all the advantages the world can afford. The Rabbin who lived twelve f years in a dungeon, in Francis's time, called a book he wrote—The Polar Splendour; implying that he had then seen most intellectual light, when he had seen least sensible light."—Archbp. Leighton's Serm Suitable Exercise in Affliction." Yes many of them—many of the world's greatest ones have veritably found the realization of a verse, beautifully conceived in a place of confinement, by that elegant poet— Lovelace : '• Stone walls do not a prisi Nur iron bars a tNi^e ; Hinds innocent and qu.e; uko Tli-l lO' an hrruiiiage." make, But is the Colonial Scotch Church to trample in the dust all such glorious and spiritual aspirations? • Is that Church to exclude from her, list of teachers—every one of its own members, who has ever been in bonds ?* . Can no trials—no penitence—no grace—no electing love seat the captive amongst.,.the free, the freeest; children of God ? Can no years of trial amongst men —nor an)' purifying faith .in the redeeming blood of the exalted Redeemer, wash out a spot of guilt! • Must Christian ' pastors add the unwarranted penalties of the church of love, in" addition to the-already incurred—the fully paid—the entirely obliterated penalties of the sternest.justice? ' . Can .the colonial Church of Scotland, after all her prayers—her numerous ordinances—her repeated preachings—her most laborious mission—her enlarged revenues—her fostering protection from the crown, not venture to intrust her little ones to any one member of her own folds, who is or ever was in bonds ? Is then God's arm shortened—is the unchangeable Gospel now stripped of its cleansing power—is ever- "asting omnipotent grace now-a-days but mere hay and stubble ? . If moral qualifications be radispensible in teachers, and we admit it, let those be the only tests, however strict, searching, and imperative. Let not, we say, the mere fact of bonds be cast in any man's face—nay, but let his uurepented sin, liis continued transportation, his unsorrowing heart be thrown full in his face— if this at least be deemed the way to convert and enlighten hint—but we do protest .that the mere fact of bonds, or of caste of any one kind, should not be put in the place of MORALS— nor be made an -ungenerous unchristian vehicle to dose-the door of. hope, and outrage all'the-'finest feelings of tlie noblest Christian love. Surely the Scotch communion will not venture to say, that they possess no member, a parent of a family, who being, or having been in bonds; can safely be intrusted with the education of his own children, in the nurture and admonition of the. Lord. If, however, the Scotch Church does say that they possess no such confidence in any one of her members, so circumstanced, well then we must at once lay our pens down in sorrow, shame, avid silence. But if they have such—many such members, then, surely such members are equally .trustworthy in holding a mercenary situation as teachers, of other people's children, in a charity commercial school! . . . How can any man—can anj r church laying any claim at all to apostolic discipline, ov, in the least degree, professing to be guided by the Holy Ghost, act in a manner so thoroughly destructive, and so entirely in contempt 'of the positive letter of the command of Almighty God and of the Holy Spirit, revealed for the express government and discipline of all chiirclicB? " There is neither 'Jew nor Greek, there is UEITHEU BOND NOB FREE, there is neither male nor emale : for ye are all one in Christ Jesus."—'Gal. iii. 2S. •We fear that, this public announcement from St. John's Church, may be suspiciously regarded as too palpable a corroboration of many sucli private whisperings. In the name of such of our colonial Presbyterian Church, as are, or who have been, in bonds—iu the name of, in short, our common Christianity, we call upou the Rev. Mr. Bell to withdraw, with EQUAL publicity, this most oppressively offensive and spiritually injurious sentiment, so publicly made known, in his recent advertisement for a schoolmaster. In all probability we will feel com- pelled on public grounds, to resume this subject. 