BRITISH INTELLIGENCE. ' Mining operations, we are informed, were net er looking better than at present. Trade had rapidly revived since the operation of Free Trade measures.' 'There is no need now.' savs our English con temporary, ' to have fighting soldiers to fare on the poor starving miners. Now we have order, peace, and plenty, aud this lias done good to the mine ad venturers, for they can get their work done cheaper ; and old abandoned mines have again been put to work, but before this it would not pay to engage in working old mines.' The following pithy letter has been addressed to the Editor of the Western Times, relative to the book of ' Common Prayer :' — '? Sir — Your paper of the 6th instant contained an article on the English Liturgy, which in Scotland is commonly cailed the ' English Mass Book.' The 43rd number of the Oxford ' Tracts for the Times* is before me ; the object of the tract is to deprecate any omission, addition, or reform whatever, in the present Liturgy, as it was bequeathed to us in the 1 4th year of Charles the Second. ' The concluding lines of this tract are as follows : — ' We cannot stand by and see our noble old Prayer Book pulled to pieces, just to humour a mob of tiptops, gapes, and yawns.' ' The Noble Old Prayer Book !' Why in the convocation of the clergy liolden in the 4th year of Elizabeth, this Prayer Book was saved by only one vote ! the numbers being 59 for it, and 58 against it ; one half of the minority were from the ranks of the dignified clergy. ' In the reign of Queen Mary, our present Book of Common Prayer was declared by the Lords Spiri tual and Temporal, and Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, to be heretical and damnable, and the work of the Devil ! By the same sapient powers, in the following reign of Elizabeth, the same Book of Common Prayer was declared to be ortho dox, ami the work of the Holy Ghost ! ' In these two declarations, by the Crown, Lords, and Commons of England, there seems to be some discrepancy ; it is of portentous importance to be assure which of the t*vo was the right one. C.' At the Dover Quarter Sessions, in April last, William -Case, an elderly man, and M.D., residing at Margate, was -charged with indecently assaulting Mary Imnett, aged between 14 and 15, at Margate, in December last. The prosecu rix had been placed under Case's medical care, and the prisoner had com mitted the offence tor whL-h he stood charged, telling her it was nucessary. The prisoner, she stated, repeated the offence on several occasions afterwards, when she went for medicine. On her mother learning what had passed, her parents v,-ent to the prisoner's house, and accused him of ruining their daughtpr, which he denied, but offered money to make up the matter. This offer, however, was in dignantly rejected by the parents, and the case was' brought before the magistrates on the 20th of Feb ruary, and the prisoner was committed to take his trial. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and the Recorder sentenced him to eighteen months' itn prison:nent in Dover gaol. The trial occupied the court upwards of six hours. The Marquis of Ormonde has made over to the National Board of Education in Ireland the spacious school-house ^n his estate in the parish of Kiicash, inti diocese of Cashel. The building was erected at i cost of nearly £600. A Donashadee paper says that, on the abolition of the Lord-Lieutenancy, Sir William Somerville is to be raised to the peerage as Baron Somerville, and that, consequently, there will be a vacancy for that borough. Information lias been received by Government of 3\. manufactory of spurious sovereigns at Birmingham. The false coins are composed of inferior metal, en closed within a shell of standard gold, and are so ?kilfully executed that they defy the test of weight, sound, or aquafortis ; a slight imperfection, however, ?xists in the milled edging, which should be closely observed to discover the imperfection. An amusing scene occurred in the Bristol Sessions Court, on the 16th April, during the trial of Andrew Peterkin, charged with uttering counterfeit coin. l\vo witnesses had beeu examined, when it was dis covered that a juryman, who kept up a series of totto vace commentaries upon the evidence, and which had been received by his colleagues as satis factory proofs of his legal acumen, was most indubi ?ably drunk. The fact was notified to the Recorder, ivho said another juryman must be sworn, and iesired the indiscreet bacchanalian to leave the bos. With an air of forensic gravity, which was uncorri uonly ladicrcus, he replied — ' My Lord, I am a sworn juryman, and by the 8lh of George II. you ;an't get rid of me — you can't turn me out.' The :ourt submitted the point to the bar, who decided Lhat, as it was allowed by law to withdraw a juror in cases of felony, so it was also permissible in cases Df misdemeanour. The Recorder repeated his re quest that Mr ? would give place to a sober juryman. ' What ' for ?*' defiantly exclaimed Mr ? . The Recorder explained. Mr — — per sisted in remaining, and the exertions of a police constable were called into requisition to remove him. The Recorder intimated that he would be fined £5 fur his misconduct; but we understand that he intends to try the effect of an humble apology, with i view of procuring a mitigation or remission of the penalty. The Primate of Ireland has lately endowed a chair sf ecclesiastical history in Trinity College, Dublin, md has named the Reverend Dr Butcher as the first professor. The appointment is made for five rears. The following, as illustrative of a species of piracy prevalent in the British metropolis, and not unknown to this eclony, will be read with interest : — ' A paragraph which originally appeared in our columns, tiavinj? been translated fiom an Araoic letter, giving' in account of the burning of Mr Sebag in Morocco, md headed ' A Jewish Martyr,' has gone the round af the London papers without acknowledgment of the source whence it was taken. This is not as it aught to be. We are humble enough ; but such bits of information as are our peculiar property, Dught not to be used without giving us the credit of them. We thought the ' Leading Journal' above such borrowin?, and hope it was only aninadvertency.' — Jewish Chronicle. The Weekly News adds: — ?' Our contemporary suffers in common with every journal that bes-tows any care on the selection and communication of its news. It is evident that Com munism in its worst form prevails to an alarming extent amongst the conductors of the newspaper press of England. These, gentlemen carry out fully the celebrated dogma of the terrible Proudhon— Property is Robbery.' Dr Achilli is just now (April 17th), says a London paper, the lion of Dublin. A public breakfast was given to him by the members of the Evangelical Alliance, at which upwards of 300 ladies and gentle men were present, and in the evening he attended the meeting ot the body in the Rotunda. The round room was crowded to the point of suffocation, while numbers were unable to obtain admission on any terms. The Rev. Doctor addressed both meetings in Italian, which was interpreted sentence by sentence, and hid remarks were enthusiastically cheered. 