To the Editor of the Bathurst Free Press. SIR,—I am sure from the talent, liberality, and im- partiality exhibited in your well conducted paper, you will not object to the insertion of a few remarks from a simpleton, when legitimately founded on the productions of your correspondents, who have figured somewhat largely in your columns. My attention has been called to the letter which ap- peared in your issue of the 10th instant, signed W. J. J., and to the answer of Mr. Legget, of the 17th instant. With the merits or demerits of Mr. L.'s former productions, or the prosy and ambiguous letter of W.J. J., I shall have little to do. My object is to combat one or two sentences found in Mr. L.'s letter on conscience, and to show that whatever may be that Gentleman's pretensions in other scientific matters, he is, to say the least, a miserable theolo- gian. If I understand him aright, he tells me that conscience is educational prejudice, and that con- science only exists where education is found; so that the uneducated and ignorant, whether Chris- tian, heathen, or Turk, are void of conscience. To vest such a power in education, alone, is, as W. J. J. has said, a bold attempt to sap the foundation of truth and morals, and an easy excuse found for the extravagant and atrocious deeds of violence which are so often committed. May not the truth be drawn out if we ask and attempt to answer—What is conscience? Whence its origin? and What are its functions. I shall not attempt to give a defini- tion of the word conscience, grounded on its etymo- logy. That I will leave to my learned opponents. Suffice it to say that on this word volumes have been written, and a large amount of intellectual strength expended, leaving the subject darkened by words. Accredited theologians have described conscience—"a power or faculty of the soul," or a ray of divine light which penetrates the soul—which shows the agreement or disagreement attached to our actions, from which results acquittance or condemnation. Milton calls it "God's umpire;" Dr. Young—"a god in man; others, "God's vice- regent;" and, if we regard man an accountable being, then conscience may be regarded as a witness for God, in the breast of man. As regards the heathens, the authority of their own Apostle is conclusive. Paul, who was sent to instruct them, and who gives their character, says "they have a law written on their hearts by the finger of God." Their consciences bearing witness whether they walk by this rule, and their thoughts, in the mean time, accusing or acquitting them. Therefore conscience may be regarded and styled the grand recorder and judge of human actions. Now I con- tend that this ray of light—umpire—god in man —God's viceregent—witness—recorder—judge— moral sense—or conscience, exists in man—in every man irrespective of any external cause or circum- stance, natural, moral or divine; and that it is one part or parcel of the intellectual nature of man, deposited in, or connected with, the soul of man, by the wisdom of the Great Creator of the Universe. So that the power or faculty of conscience is not acquired by or contingent on education, or any other pursuit; but is the product of divine power, and has assigned to it important functions, and is superior in nature and kind, to every other passion and affection. This view of the internal constitu- tion of man, and the supremacy of conscience, im- plies a presentiment and apprehension that the judgment which it passes on our actions, of good or evil desert, will, hereafter, be confirmed by the judgment of God. Hence the prayer of Pope— "What conscience dictates to be done, Or warns me not to do, This teach me more than Hell to shun, That more than Heaven pursue." The generality of mankind, however ignorant of the received distinctions of their internal powers, do frequently, by their conduct, declare that they feel their influence in many duties they perform and acts they exhibit under the force and direction of their consciences. Every instance of being governed by a principle of moral obligation, is a proof of this. Hence I ought to be grateful for favours received, because my conscience tells me so; I ought to do what by conscience enjoins, be- cause God is the author of my constitution, and I obey his will when I act according to the principles of the same. I think Mr. L. will see the fallacious ground he takes when he reminds W. J. J. when he avoids evil and does what is right, then he has acquired conscience, or that man cannot have this power, because there is no good in him. Such a notion is opposed to scripture and common sense, and be- trays ignorance. I shall not show (which I could readily do,) how conscience is darkened, depraved, polluted, hardened, seared, guilty, and sometimes dumb by the power of sin, nor how it may be enlightened, softened, renewed and made tender and good by the process of divine power and the appli- cation of the blood of atonement. But the proof of its alarming function, and the power it possesses, may be established by a few references to sacred history, which I am sure will be generally admit- ted:—When God called to Adam, the first sinner, Conscience replied, "I hid myself, because I was naked." Conscience told the first murderer, Cain, that "every one who finds me will slay me." The same voice cried to Lamech, "If Cain be avenged seven fold, Lamech seventy and seven fold." In the case of Joseph's brethren, whom they had sold into Egypt, and before whom they had stood in their trouble, how clearly does Con- science speak, "And they said, one to another, we are, verily, guilty concerning our brother." Bel- shazzar's heart failed, his countenance changed, and his thoughts troubled him, and his knees smote onee against the other, when he saw the fingers of a man's hand and heard the voice of conscience. It is said of the Jews, that they were convicted by their own conscience. And such was the power felt by the conscience of that bloody and wicked king, Nero, that he imagined himself haunted by his mother's ghost. And how often, in our day, are deeds of bloodshed brought to light by the pro- vidence of God and the instrumentality of con- science. In conclusion, there is one fact to which this monitor bears testimony, without any mistake; the Bible says "all have sinned." Conscience takes hold of every individual, and cries, "Thou art the man." I am, Mr. Editor, Yours, obediently, A CONSTANT READER. 