THE BAPTISMAL QUESTION. Gentlemen — Iu my last communication (in reply tc» an ill informed writer, who, it pained mo to see, pro fessed himself a ?' Churchman') I briefly alluded to tho Scriptural blessings which accompany the recoiition of tne sacrament of l.aptism. Will you do me the favour of lettiug me again trespass on your columns with a- few further observations. Tho effects are generally, it* the incomplete language of the 27th Article 'a visible signing and sealing of the promises of forgiveness of sin, and of our adoption to be tho sons of Gh.d, by the Holy Ghost.' In. tho precise and formal language of the catechism— membership of Christ, adoption to be a child of God, and inheritance of tho kingdom of heaven— (in other words and in another place) 'a death unto sin and a new birth unto righteousness ;' for being by nature boru in sin, and the children of wrath, we are by baptism mad* ibo children of grace. As described m the Ritual, ?« a washing and sanctifying with tho Holy Ghost, deliverance from the wrath of God, reception into the ark of Christ's Church, remis sion of sms by spiritual regeneration, an embracing with the arms of Gods mercy, a participation of bis ever lasting kingdom, sanctification with the Holv Ghost, the gift of the kingdom of heaven, and of everlasting life ; a burial of tho eld man, and a raising of the new ; the death of all carnal affections, the first beginning or the strong increase of the life and growth of things belonging to the spirit, a communication of power and strength to have Victory, and to triumph against the devil, the world, and the flesh, a partakiug of tho doath and resurrection of the Eternal Son, reception of tha fulness of Divine grace, entrance into the number of the faithful and elect of God, regeneration, aud grafting into the body of Christ's Holy Church ' In such terms does the Church of England describo tho blessing immediately consequent upon, or rather in operation accompanying the nception of baptism to all, who, iu mature age, receive baptism rightly ; and in respect of infants, simply and without reserve. With regard to adults, the most careless reader of the ritual must perceive that tho service of baptism framed by our church shews unequivocally that, in her sense, baptism is neither on one hand a kind of charm, nor un tho other a more inaffectual or external rite, but a certain medium of the grace of regeneration to the worthy receiver. It is not a charm to convert, by a*cercmonial power, human nature from a fallen to a restored state, and to infuso graco by a material miracle, or to call down from heaven a supernatural bleasiug upon pre varicatio, nor to adopt Into tho privileges of tho Gospel those in whom no sincerity of mind towards Christian faith and amendment is to be found. 1 bis part of my position is demonstrated by tho fact that certain special interrogatories to bo put to the person who is to be baptised make a part of the service. With regard to infant baptism, it is regarded by our Church as conferring .spiritual regeneration simply and without reserve. Ag .in, bore tho least attentive reader of the service of baptism, framed by our Church, will be struck with its remarkable words. It shews even an anxiety that we may receive the full doctrine on this head. ' Doubt ye not, therefore, but eirnextly belirve, that He will likewise favourably receive this present infant, that Ho will embrace him with tbe arms, of His mercy ; that Ho will give unto him tho blessing of eternal life, and make him partaker of His everlasting kingdom.' Again, ' Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, that this child ts regenerate, and grafted into the Body of Christ's Church, let us give thanks unto Almighty God for these benefits.' Again, ' We yield Thee hearty thanks, most merciful Father, that it hath pleased Thee to regenerate this infant with thy Holy Spirit, to receivo him for Thine own child by adoption.' &c.; I apprehend the sense of these passages is plain and positive. To depart from a direct admission of the obvious meaning of words which carryin them a kind of unfortunate perspicuity, is to introduce a principle of universal and incurable scepticism into the interpreta tion of doctrines ; insomuch that, if it were admitted, wo should despair of ever being abio to say that any words could ever express a certain and fixed doctrine, or that any doctrine could ever be expresecd in intelligible words. An Anglican Churchman. 14th March. 