TUP. niPTIJT QUESTION AGAIN. Gentlemen— Your being at all times willing to oflT-rd your numerous and varie ! correspondent? every facility, both Id ft -ting their own opinion?, aud ul- jeiting t- tbose which may ippear tn them erroneous, has induced me to encroach reluct intly again upon your ?paco The day after my last Iftt-r, Mr Baker's Pusey't.' an tagonist again appeared, with what he terms an antidote to th^t gentleman's theory, but which appears to me truly too mysterious to be of much scrvieo t) thnso whom it is intended to a;si?t. But, ero I proceed fur ther, I cannct but remark that it is a great pity, and brings a lasting distfrc.ee upon Chr'btianity, that tlutu important subject* are not argued in a Christian spirit. It is very pleasing, however, to see one of (hem so lately engaged in this warfare holding cut the right li.iml of fellowship They are known now t ) each - thrr ; hut ' Artium Magister' is still incognito ; and as tlie doc trine he has attempted to promul^at? is n t in very high favour here, he will perhaps transmit these antidotes in tbe mother- country — for those already tnere have only been the means of driving somo of most zealous and evaogelicil clergymen from the Church of England, to which church he appears to belong. The cliurehnu'n in this culony have heard wilh regret from time to t;me of the spread of Puseyism— ministers heie have deuounmi it from the pulpit as erroneous and dai gerous— and its forms are ill- adapted tj the simplicity of the church in the colony. But it may bo asked, what is all this difference in tho members of one body ? Why, it is one part pntting tho form for the substance, the outward washing for tho in ward cleansing, tho visible entrance into a vis blc chmch for the invisible repentance and faith necessary beforo a person can .become a member of the church of tho first-born, whose names aro written in heaven. It is evident from the general teaching of the Church of England that baptism is not euppobed to take tho place of conversion or regeneration by the Holy Ghost, but more as a command to baptise those who aro bo lievers, or the children of believers, or those to irhrun tho Gospel is preached. . It is argued by this church that baptism took the place of circumcision under tho new covenant. Circumcision was only a form with the He brews, by which the circumcised became entitled to all their privileges as a nation ; it did not ensure their sal vation. St. Paul says, ' Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping ot the com mandments of God' i3 of the greatest importance. Baptism was, in the days of tbe outpouring of the Spirit, the instrument for the conversion and regeneration of many who heard the 'Word and believed, but who ever read in the Scriptures an account of the Spiiit being given to those who from their ago could not havo heard or believed tho testimony of Jesus ? The only instanco, I think, of this kind is that of John the Bapiit, who was more highly favoured than any of the Prophets, being ' filled with the Holy Ghost even from his mother's womb.' As there is uo such authority wo must como to this conclusion, that by baptism children are admitted into tho visible church, and by faith and repentanco they become children of God and 'heirs of the kingdom of heaven. But as I have stated that tho letter of ' Aitium Ma gister' is mysterious, I think I must cudeavour to provo my assertion. It may be a want of understanding ou my part. It states, I think, that ' baptismal regenera tion assists that later development which, supposing baptism to be survived, is subsequently necessary to every person who receives it.' Now, tho only way I can render this is, that baptismal regeneration assists the later development; but as, according to this doctrine, the later development is an uncertainty, and the rege neratiou of the infant at baptism a certainty, it would be much better to die in a state of infant holiness 'baa be exposed to tbe snares and temptations of after Hfo. Trusting that all 'who call themselves Christians may bo led into the way of truth, and hold the faith in unity of spirit, aud in the bond of peace,' I remain, Geutlcmeu, You« respectfully, A Cjic«cjoja5, March 7, 1850. 