AN ADDRESS Delivered by Dr. Clutterbuck to the Emigrants on board Sir Robert Sale, May 28, 1850. GENESIS XII. 1 "Now the Lord said unto Abram, get thee out of the country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will show thee." I HAVE selected the above portion of scrip- ture, my dear friends, as the basis of a short lecture, and from which I hope to deduce a few practical remarks befitting the occasion for which we are now assembled. This, in all probability, is the last time that I shall be permitted to address you. Others will perform that solemn office which, during the preceeding eleven weeks, has devolved upon me. Permit me, then, to draw your attention to the consideration of those para- mount duties which each of you, indivi- dually and collectively, will be called upon to perform. I need not here advert to the suffering and distress which many of you have endured whilst sojourning in your father-land ; nor recall to your memory the privations which the friends you have left behind are now suffering. Past experience will have told you to what an extent desolation and woe have stalked abroad in England, and, we doubt not, will continue unabated. Reflect upon the change which it hath pleased Almighty God to effect in your condition. "Get thee out," he says, "of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will shew thee." Yes — to each of you, he sends the glad tidings of joy — of plenty — he willeth not that any should perish, and has promised and will he not perform ? That as he careth for the sparrow, so much more he careth for you. By His Omnipotence, and his alone, are we to ascribe the immu- nity from the manifold dangers that have beset us whilst crossing over a world of waters ; whilst traversng a space of nearly sixteen thousand miles. What gratitude, what love should reign in each breast for all the benefits and mercies that have been vouchsafed to us ! Let each then, this very day (remembering, the night cometh in which no man can work) pray that our hearts may be renewed in holiness and all godly conversation. Let us not turn to the right hand, nor to the left ; but obey the blessed precepts which our Lord himself has given for our guidance ; for He is the way, the truth, and the light. "Let your light" says he "so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven,"— that is, we are called upon by our example, lives, and conversation, to shew forth the excellency of his life and doctrine. Ages make no difference— cause and effect will follow as effectually now as in the days of the saints — Christ, the head corner-stone, is still the same ; the same yesterday, to-day and for ever. Let us not defer the work until it be too late — behold, now is the ac- cepted time — now is the day of salvation, no matter what our condition or circumstances may be. You, I think, have been called upon, in an especial manner, to shew to the Heathen with whom you will shortly come into contact (I mean the aboriginal popula- tion of Australia Felix), that your habits are not those of rioting — that your sin be not that or drunkenness — that you profane not your lips by naming irreverently the name of your God! Endeavour to display your real sense of religion by striving to promote good-will amongst all men, especially amongst those who are less favoured than yourselves. Fancy not that the poor crea- tures, to whom allusion has been made, are not equally under the unceasing vigilance of an Almighty protector, not withstanding he has been pleased, from some wise and hid- den purpose, to withold the blessed influence of the full rays of the Gospel from them; rather remember, he is sending you out amongst them as instruments for the promo- tion of His glory, and their amelioration. The end and aim of our living on earth are for the express purpose of being instru- mental in extending the Kingdom of Hea- ven ; and can we effectually obey the in- junction of our Lord " to go out unto all nations" and teach them the way of salva- tion, if we wilfully disobey his commands ? His yoke is easy— His burden light. If, then, any of you have been Sabbath breakers, or adulterers; or drunkards: — to the commission of any besetting sin in that country which has given you birth, let me earnestly entreat you to avoid it for the future. Do not sow seeds unfit for the righteousness of those people who are now living in such darkness, ignorance, and su- perstition. God's honour and glory will not be promoted by the adoption of such a course. Were I to assert, that vice of the blackest dye, and of the most grave were not perpetrated by thousands of men in the Port Phillip district, calling them- selves Christians, I should be saying in regard to truth - yes, my friends, every species of depravity is practised by a large number of men sent out from England as free immigrants. Such a wide gulf of per- dition yawning at your feet, enter ye not into. Show, each of you, by your holy con- rersation and exemplary behaviour, that you are not desirous of pursuing such a course. You may do much towards the con- version of a fellow-sinner, and will, it is to be hoped, exert your influence on the hearts or many who are not thoroughly burdened by sin, and who might, otherwise perhaps, remained unreclaimed "lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God," "Let no cor- rupt communication proceed out of your mouth." " If ye love me, keep my com- mandments" — the penalty of disobedience to this divine law is summed up in this dread- ful sentence - "Depart from me ye into everlasting fire, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth." If, however, by the blessing of the holy Spirit, ye be led to keep inviolate the law of God, happy are ye— then will He, of his infinite goodness, and on no other occasion, permit you to live happily in that land which will shortly come into view, and where our granaries will be filled with " corn and wine" a land from whence will spring, balmy as the precious dew from heaven, all manner of stores — a land which by a religious example set by fathers and mothers, will in after years teem with virtuous children. Have any of you been grievously afflicted during your passage? Has a dear brother been called hence? Has a mother wept at the untimely death of that child whose spirit she had so fondly hoped would not have so soon passed away? Yes, I know ye have been bereaved! Yet, gird your loins with the armour of righteousness, and believe that God chastiseth whom he loveth. Such dispensations of Providence alone make us wise to salvation; and teach us that if we live a godly life, we may hope to meet our relatives hereafter. And now my friends and brethren, in bidding you an adieu, most likely for ever, I commit you all to the care of He who can alone shield and protect you from the snares and allurements of this world. This is not our abiding place, remem- ber; and it is only by leading a religious life, and from which a moral one necessarily springs, that we can hope to reach that heaven of peace and rest, which in humble dependence upon the divine bles- sing, all may hope to attain. I hope that you will believe that I am deeply interested in your future welfare, and therefore I entreat you to be honest, industrious, true and persevering in your employ, of what- ever nature it may be, in your newly adopted country, by which prosperity here may be enjoyed ; and that you may finally inherit a crown of glory in the mansions of eternal bliss. And, that the king of kings, and lord of lords, may be pleased to engrave upon your hearts the true import of the few part- ing words I have addressed to you this day, let our joyful hearts ascend to heaven whilst our voices unite in singing— " Praise God from whom all blessings flow! Praise Him all creatures here below! Praise Him above ye heavenly host! Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost! 