ODDS AND ENDS. (From late European Papers.) In the village of Conniston (Westmoreland), there is a woman named Mary Tyson, who may be seen nursing her great-great-grand-child. Last week's (end of November) deliveries of tea in London were 407,381 lb., being less than in the preceding week.-It is a curious fact, that at the inauguration of the Coal Exchango, the coal factors had nothing to do with the ce- remony, and scarcely obtained the means of being present'.-The present Mayor of Wigan (Mr. John Lord) is so popular in his native town, that he has been elected chief magistrate for seven successive years.-The editor of the Albany Knickerbocker says that ho found the following advertisement stuck on a lamp-post in Canal- street-' Strayed or stolen, my wife Ann Maria. Whoever returns her will get his head broke. As for trusting her, any body can do so who sees fit-for as I never p «y my own debts, it is not at all likely that I will lay awake a-nights thinking of other people's. James Q. Dobson.'-The first line of an adver- tisement in the Time» reads thus :-' Herd not the idle tales sung by Madame AnnaThillon. Mr. Beckwith, late secretary to the Leeds Infirmary, has been sentenced to seven years' transportation for embezzling upwards of one thousand pounds from the funds of that insti- tution.-An Indian complained to a retailer that the price of liquor was too high. The latter in justification said that it cost as much to keep a hogshead of brandy as to keep a cow. The Indian replied, " May be, he drink as much water, but he no eat bo much hay." The chaplain of the Edinburgh gaol has re- signed his situation, having gone over to the Free Church. His congregation had a con- scientious desire to follow their pastor, but the intolerant gaoler would not allow them! A mass of the private correspondence of Calvin has recently been discovered in one of the public libraries in France, and the Minister of Public Instruction has supplied the necessary funds for preparing it for publication - You never see a Welsh beggar in London. The author of Tales about Wales says, that " when an investigation into the mendicity of London was made some years ago, not one Welshman was found ; although the number of beggars that infested the streets of that capital at that time was reported by the Committee of the House of Commons to be 15,249.-A wag using a saw that was not the sharpest in the world, after vainly trying to saw with it, broke out at . last as follows-Of all the saws that I ever saw saw, I never saw a saw saw as that saw saws. -A young man being cured of a martial pre- dilection, by being present in a skirmish, it was said of him that ho had an itch for military dis- tinction, but the ¡¡mell of sulphur cured it.-A French gentleman, who had heard rum called spirits, went into an hotel a few days since, and called for a glass of punch, request- ing at the same time that it should be made with " Ghosts from the Vest Indies." An iron warehouse for California is now in course of being constructed at Liverpool, of very considerable dimensions. It is CO feet I long, 40 wide, and 3G feet high at the most elevated part. There will be three ranges of rooms. It is lighted by 60 windows, and will weigh rather more than 30 tons.-There are in Spain 274,951 persons who live upon the yearly estimates, without counting the parties who have situations in local or provincial ad- ministrations. This gives one place-holder ] for every six tax-payers.-A gentleman of Stretham in Cambridgeshire has lost twenty . five Guinea and game fowls from a cause some- times fatal to human beings. The birds roosted in a low close roora, in which there was an oven ; after a baking, the embers of green wood were raked out of the grate on to the hearth and lett to expire, and the door was closed on the roosting fowls ; carbonic acid gas was generated from the smouldering wood, and I the fowls dropped dead from their perch.-In the Bankruptcy Court, at the last examination of Lot Pulbrook, a grocer, the bankrupt was asked if he had made no profits while in business. He replied, "Not a penny;" he sold his tea and sugar under prime coBt-not to undersell his neighbours, for they sold as cheap as he ; on the sale of ten hogsheads of sugar ho lost £00. The balance-sh'.et was correct, and the bankrupt was passed. A captain of a vessel loading coals, went into a merchant's counting- house, and requested the loan of a rake. The merchant, looking to- wards his clerks, replied-" I have a number of them, but none, I believe, wish to be hauled over the coals."-The House of Commons con- sists of Liberals. 333 : Peelites, 97 ; Protec- tionists, 228-Total, G58-The Newry Tele- graph announces " that the extensive coal field of Ballycastle hns at last been opened, and a cargo of coals therefrom has arrived at the quay of Belfast." Fifty five years since, the " Irish Parliament" discussed the national advantage of opening a harbour at Ballycastle; "an English company" has now done the thing,-Among the novelties in America in- troduced by steam, are "fine fresh pheasants, grouse, and hares, received from Liverpool by tho steam-ship American," advertised by a restaurateurs of Now York, greatly to the delight of epicures and gourmands, Among the members of the new House of As- sembly, at Jamaica, are two blacks and ten persons of colour ; and one of the black repre- sentatives has already begun to take an active part in the debates.-R. Montgomery Martin states, that of £60,000,000 of taxes, two mil- lions and a half of rich people pay £11,530,000 ; eight millions of the middle classes pay £25,440,000 ; and fourteen millions of the working classes pay £13,030,000.-It is pro- posed to lay down a glass culvert for the main se wer b of Rugby, it has been recommended on account of its smoothness and economy. Savelli, the Governor of Bologna, has, with a view of checking political discussion, forbidden barbers to have more than four customers at a time in their shops,-A Sunderland captain, who was lately in Russia, received there n copy of the Sunderland Herald, but all the articles relating to Hungary, Aus ria, or Russia, were cut out by the authorities, and the amount of postage was 3s. 6d.-All the almanacs hitherto published (by anticipation) lor next year, re- present the late Queen Dowager as living at the beginning of January, 1S50, which the Spectator observes is laying up a source of dis- pute or at least of puzzle for future times. A " Prophetess " who has been victimising the country people of Devonshire, has resorted to a novel plan to impose on customers. She sells whole copies of Homer's Iliad in Greek, as cabalistic volumes, containing the secrets of destiny.-"I shall be at home next Sunday night, a young lady remarked to her wavering beau, as she let him out of the street door. " So Bhall I," was the reply.-A young lady was asked to join a Union of Daughters of Temperance. She replied, " It is unnecessary, as it is my intention to join one of the Sous soon."-Portraits in oil of any size are now taken by a photographic process, in a sitting of half a minute. The process is called Photo Prosopon.-One hundred and eighty five arti- cled clerks have given notice of application to be admitted attornevs of the Court of Queen's Bench, in Hilnry Term, 1850, and three the last day of Michaelmas Term ; 10 will be re- admitted the last day of Term, and 47 on the 27th instant ; 199 were sworn in before the Master of the Rolls on the 22nd instant; making a total of 450.-A person advertising in one of the morning papers for a clerk holds out this inducement: "A small salary only will be given, but there will be suf- ficient overwork to make up the deficiency." A secret society of seventy thieves has been discovered in Catalonia, comprising many per- sona of respectable station. The greater port have been taken, and are to be judged by mili- tary commission.-It is said that the purchaser of the bed on which Sarah Thomas murdered her mistress, in Trenchard-street, Bristol, by a bidding of half-a-crown. has discovered £700 stowed away therein.-The Inverness Courier notes the capture of a roe of uncommon size and beauty, which, during thirteen years, had successfully baffled the most skilful sportsmen. It was shot with a rifle at a distance of 220 yards.-A horrible atrocity had been perpe- trated near Helena, Arkansas. A planter named Yerby was murdered a short time since by four of his slaves, and two of the negroes, who were the most guilty, were burned to death,-The Americans are still going a-head with their lightning news-conductors. Be- tween New York, Washington, and Baltimore, the charges are to be reduced for long mes- sages ; between 600 words and 1,000 to half rates, (4s. being the charge for the first 500,) above 1,000 words to one-third only. Why oan't we have these charges in England ? From the Roman Catholic Directory for this year, it appears that there are now in England 674 chapels, 880 priests, 13 monasteries, 41 convents, 11 colleges, and 259 schools.-An accident happened to Lord Seaham recently while shooting, by which it was first feared he would lose the sight of one eye. According to the latest accounts his Lordship was recover- ing.-The fine East Indiaman, Ganges, took fire on Saturday last, as she lay in the dry dock at Blackwall. Before the fire could be extinguished she had received great injury. She was insured at the Phoenix Office.-Mr. W. Morgan, of the Dairy Farm, Monmouth, slaughtered at Christmas an ewe, which had been shorn twenty times, and had brought 36 lambs; it weighed lSlbs. a quarter.-On Thursday Mr. H. Smith, a keeper to the Right Hon. Lord Sudeley, at Winchcombe, near Chel- tenham, was shot through the heart by his gun exploding as he was getting over a fence. Vernon, the Chartist, has been relensed from prison by her Majesty's command. It is under- stood that the punishment of other misguided parties will aloo bo mitigated.-The Emperor and the whole Court of Russia went into mourning for the Queen Dowager of En- gland. The mourning was to last twenty four days.-The United Service Gazette says that the Duke of Wellington com- mences the new year with fresh evidences of health and strength. The other day he went out hunting, and rode between ten and twelve miles.-At the Colonial Bank meeting, held in London, the profits of the half-year were stated at £13,000, the bad debts not being greater than anticipated. A dividend of one per cent, for the six months was declared.-The Council of the Royal College of Surgeons have decided that in future candidates for the fellowship of the institution shall undergo additional ex amination in mathematics, and in the Greek, Latin, and French languages.-Meetings in favour of protection have recently been held in various parts of the country ; they have been generally well attended, but the demonstra tions have been such as to give their promoters not much courage or enthusiasm.-There are 28,000,000 of spindles at work in the world. Out of these, England, including the United Kingdom, commands a force of 17,500,000; America, with ali her competition, 2,000,000 ; Russia, about the same number ; France. 3,000 000 ; and Belgium, considerably fewer than any of the three.-There are upwards of 3000 coal mines in Great Britain, which em- ploy nearly 250,000 men, women, and boys. The working capital invested is estimated at £30,000.000; the annual "get" of coals at 34,000,000 tons ; and the value thereof at the pit's mouth of £10,000,000.-The crime of poisoning is becoming very common in France. Several persons have been poisoned in Paris during the late festive season, by parties hav- ing sent them presents of sweetmeats contain- ing arsenic. In one case five women were poisoned, of whom two are dead, and the rest are despaired of. In another instance one died out of five who partook of the atrocious present. On Suurday, Mr. William Howells, of Monnow- street, Monmouth, whilst cutting up a portion of a hay rick, discovered a nest containing a number of young birds alive and juBt fledged. The Sun states that the National Debt Com- missioners had an interview with the Chan- cellor of the Exchequer on Monday, and the impression becomes stronger that a financial operation of importance is contemplated by Government.-An association han been formed, at the City of London Mechanics' Institution, to promote the practice of decomposing the dead by the agency of fire. The members propose to burn, with becoming solemnity, such of their dead as shall have left their remains at the disposal of the association. The entranco fee is one shil i ling.-There were printed in France, in 1849 8,276 works of all sorts-less by 170 than the number published in 1848, the year of the revolution. Of this number, 7,378 were books inr all languages, living and dead; 672 stamps, engravings, and lithographs, and 226 musical works. A respectably dressed female, apparently about nineteen or twenty years of age, jumped from Blackfriars-bridge, London, lately, and the tide being low, there is no doubt she was killed instantly, by her head striking against the bed of the river.-The London Dock Com- pany hove declared a dividend after the rate of five per cent, for the last half-year.-The Grand Duchess of Nikolayuona, daughter of the Emperor of Russia, has been safely de- livered of a prince, who has received the name of Sscrgei Maximilianowitsch.-Mr. Bromley, who sits for South Nottinghamshire, is said to be bo ill that his resignation may soon be expected ; in which event the candidates will be protectionists. - The Honorable Sarah Elizabeth Copley, Lord Lyndhurst's eldest daughter, is married to Mr. Selvyn, only son of Mr. G. Selvyn, of Down-hall, Essex. A woman at Antlers ton, while eating a black pudding, a short time ago, suddenly died, a piece of the food having got into the windpipe, and suffocated her. A German writer observes, in a late volume on the social condition of Great Britain : " There is such a scarcity of thieves in England that they are obliged to offer a reward for their dis- covery."-A National Currency Reform Asso- ciation is about to be formed in London under the auspices of several influential antagonists of the gold money system.-The following " com- municated" note appears in the Patrie: - "After the revolution of 1830 an ukase was issued prohibiting the granting of passports to Russians for Franco. The prohibition was re- newed after the revolution of 1848. It has just been removed by order of the Emperor."-A gentleman whoso bump of order was very largely developed, had a clerk in his service whose habits were anything but orderly. This carelessness brought out a reproof from his em- ployer, who quoted the old precept, and said, " Sir, you should have a place for everything." "I have, Sir," (replied the junior) " I have a great many places for everything." Dr. ACHILLI - General Baraguay d'Hil- liers has hitherto afforded no example of en- joying a greater liberty of action than Oudinot or Rostolan. A painful instance of his nullity in cases of competition with the ecclesiastical anthorities lately occurred with respect to Dr. Giacinti Achilli, in whose favour so many ex- ertions have been made, and who is now dis- tinctly proved to have been arrested by Frenoh soldiers. " How can I interfere," says the General, " in an affair which manifestly comes under the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical tri- bunal, whose action and authority were solemnly reinstated by my predecessor, Gene- ral Oudinot? If I forcibly take a prisoner out of their custody, am I not virtually overturning | the papal authority, which it was the chief ob- ject of the French expedition to restore ?" A nd in consequence of this mode of arguing, the General's exertions are limited to bons offices, which the inquisitors laugh at, whilst Mr. M--, who returned from Civita Vecchia to Rome when his companion in the charitabie work of mediation, Mr, T-, left for Paris, and has unceasingly employed himself in favour of the prisoner, has been politely invited by Baraguay to leave the affair ¡n his hands, and absent himself from Rome for the present. I regret have to announce an increase in the degree of severity with which Dr. Achilli is treated in the Castle of St, Angelo. He is now confined in one of the upper prisons of the fortress, dark, dirty, and unwholesome, with strict injunction for the gaoler to allow him to hold no communication with the other pri- soners, or to receive messages or visits from his friends. The cause of these rigorous orders appears to have been chiefly the discovery, that an enthusiastic, but certainly in the present instance indiscreet zeal had prompted Dr. Achilli to converse with his fellow prisoners upon religious subjects during the hours allotted to their meals or exercise. The per- son who was base enough to inform against him was no other than Diamilla, whom I men- tioned in a preceding letter as being in custody for the robbery of gold coinB and medals in the Vatican library. He accused Dr. Achilli of entertaining the inmates of the prison with heretical discourses, and of scandalizing them by eating meat on Fridays and Saturdays ; and his testimony, although that of a thief, was considered quite sufficient to condemn the unfortunate advocate of Protestantism to the carcere duro, whilst the informer was re- warded for his treachery by a greater degree of liberty than before. The captain commanding the prison department of the fort was taken by the Cardinal Vicar in his carriage to the Qui- rinal palace the other day, and there severely reprimanded by the Cardinal Triumvirate, for having treated Achilli with an undue share of indulgence. I hear that the Government ar- chitect, Servi, stated, upon examination, that many of the cells in the Castle St. Angelo were unfit for human habitation.-Correspondent of the Daily News, Temperance conduces to Respectability: Intempbkance to its Converse.-The intem- perate man, instead of spending his money in good nourishing food and warm clothing, spends it in drink. His body thus becomes in- adequately provided with proper nutriment, and is worked upon the more readily by the alcoholic poison that he imbibes-his dram drinking presently begins to tell upon him his face becomes pimpled and bloated-his eye bleared and bloodshot- his personal appear- ance is neglected-he becomes haggard and dirty in look. Perhaps, when he commenced his visits to the dram-shop, he was respectably attired in a decent every-day suit of clothes, with a best change for Sunday. Gradually, however, as he becomes more and more at- tracted to the public house, and na his visits become more and more frequent there, his work becomes more and more neglected, or, at all events, in the first instance, less and less thought about. Before he frequented the liquor vault, or bar-parlour, or the kitchen, or the back room of the pot-house, he was a well-to-do, industrious man, and a good work- man, upon whose regularity his employer could depend. Now, however, with pain, that em- ployer perceives that he is not so regular-that he is less diligent-that ho is often behind time, und that he at times absents himself alto- gether. This causes his master to observe him more narrowly, and with a misgiving that all ib not as it should be. Watching him thus closely, he perceives that he does not present the samo decent respectable appearance that he formerly presented-that his ottire is torn and dirty-his beard unshorn, and his appearance loose and unworkmanlike. Nor is his master mistaken. Things are in- deed changed with this infatuated victim of drink. Instead of spending his weekly earn [ ings upon his house- instead of giving his wife part of the money to market with, spend- ing a portion in respectable attire as he needs it, and putting by the other portion for a rainy day ; instead of doing this, it all goes to the coffers of the dram-shop. He no longer spends a quiet happy domestic evening in the bosom of his wife and family, with his cheerful fire before him, the partner of his joys beside him, and his healthy well-cared for children climbing upon his knee. No, that once peace- ful home is deserted by him. Hib affectionate wife is abandoned and left to pine alone-his once clean children are now ragged and filthy, and are to be seen crawling in the gutter. His cottage fire is a heap of smoking ashes, his wife sits cowering over them, and he himself is rioting in the dram-shop. His employer be- fore but suspected, but now the man s changed appearance tells but too plainly where be spends his evenings, i. e., in the dram-shop. And now less and less attends he to his work, and more and more deeply drinks ho in the accursed dram-shop. He does not make half the wages that he did, but he still spends the same, and has a lengthening score chalked up upon a slate against him behind the door of , the dram-shop. " Pay mo when you can 'worse luck now-better luck another time make less this week- make more next-pay when you can, here's another mutchkin," and another dram is chalked up behind the doors of the dram-shop. The poor victim, by this time, has become bronzed in his iniquity ; his conscience has become seared as with a hot ¡ron. Before, he had some sense of shame, now, he has none; he only slunk into the i dram-shop then, under cover of the night, and when he thought the coast was clear. Now, however, he'goes in at all hours," and'comes staggering out in the open face of day. At length, he comes out in one of these fits of drunkenness, and staggers against his employer ; he is remonstrated with and forgiven ; again remonstrated with, and again pardoned ; a third time does it, and ho is turned away. " Never mind, what cures he for his work ; ho is as good as his master, and can do without him any day in the week. Never mind, there's comfort for him in the back room of the dram- shop at all events"-and he rushes thither. Not so much comfort, though-rather a cool reception. The news of his dismissal has travelled there before him. The owner of an empty pouch, and one, too, not likely to be filled again in a hurry, is not very likely to find a warm welcome there. "Not another chalk to tho slate the old score must be raid off; short reckon- ings make long friends," &c;, &c.; Necessity is the mother of invention. Oh, there's the pawn-shop over the way ; he pawns hü Sunday suit for drink; on, a little longer, in the old way, and then pulled up again ; he pawns his furniture. But what is his wife doing ? Play- ing the same game; he has set her the ex- ample, and she is following it ; she is in the whiskey shop too, and pawning her own things, even as he is his. By-and-bye, however, there's nothing left to pawn. " More drink, though-more drink! for God's sake let us have another dram. For nothing, give it to us, we cannot pay, but we have spent enough here before; more drink for charity's sake." " No money ! O, dull people ; but there is money to be hod even yet by a little proper management ; all's not up, there's one more shift-go upon the town, get out-of-door relief, and come bring the money here, and here's more liquid fire." More liquid fire ! Yes, fire enough to fill them with the flames of hell, and burn them body and soul ! -From a Tem- perance Sermon, by the Beo. George Aspinall, Ph.D., M.A., of Girvan, Scotland. An English Piloeim.-The Southampton steamer South Western, which arrived at Havre on Sunday week, had on board a well dressed person, who attracted attention, owing to his boing without shoes or stockings. It was, he said, his intention to go in that way on a pilgrimage to the Pope at Rome, to fulfil a vow and obtain indulgence. 