' Slim .îJoei'vi). THE LADY ALICE. v. "What doth the Lady Alice so late on the turret stairs, Without a lamp to light ber but the diamond in her hair; When every arching passage etc flows with shallow gloom, And dreams float through the cattle, into every silent room ! ' She trembles at her footsteps, although their fall ' is light; For through the turret loopholes she sees the murky Dight, Black, broken vapours streaming across the stormy skies, Along the empty corridors the moaning tempest cries, She steals along a gallery, elia passes by a door; And fast her tears are dropping down upon the oaken floor; And thrice she seems returning, but thrice ibu turns again; Kow heavy lie the cloud of sleep on that old father's brain ! J Oh, well it were that never thou should'st waken from thy sleep For wherefore should they wake who wakes but to weep 1 No more,-', no more beside thy bed rosy Peace ber vigil keep ; Tby sorrow, like a lion, waits upon its prey to leap. it. An afternoon in April. No sun appears on high; A moist and yellow lustre fills the steepness of the sky; And through the castle gateway, with slow and Boleain tro and, Along the leafless avenue they bear the honored dead. They stop. The long line closes up, like some gigantic worm ; A shape is standing in the path ; a wan and ghost-like from Which gazed fixedly, our moves ; nor utters any sound; Then, like a statue built of snow, falls lifeless to the ground. I And though her clothes are ragged, and though her feet are bare ; And though all wild and tangled, falls her heavy silk brown hair ; Though from her eyes the brightness, from her cheeks the bloom, has fled ; They know their Lady Alice, the Darling of the j Dead. I "With silence, in her own old room the fainting form they lay ; 'VYbero all things stand unaltered since the night shelled away; But who shall give her back again ber bean of that old day I -And who shall bring to life again her father from the clay 1 4 The lion was said to prey on nothing that doth seem as dead «»-?-.«.-«.«--a--«U-.-__.?____-._ 