QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE. Session after session, it appears, the country is to be dis gusted and insulted by the assumption on the part of .their representatives,' of privileges to which they have no right and iwbich it was never contemplated, they should possess^ If a member's qualification be disputed, it is a question of privilege. , If a newspaper question, the wisdom or purity of intention of a member, it is a question of privilege. We have at present a Select Committee on Privileges, and we have, haunting us as me, . write} the restless ghost of a bill on privileges, the still-born offspring -of the mental bewilderment of Mr. James Martin. ? ~ '? v?.?r? ?? Buiof aiirthese notions with respect to ; privilege, * the most absurd, the most presurnptious, the imost ? offensive was that started by Mr. Donaldson on Thurs day last in the Legislative Council. The lion., member made a speech some week or two ago, in the aBsence of Mr. Lamb, on the subject of keeping the Military in . New South Wales'. The arguments for keeping a military force here, were wholly drawn from the fact that convicts from the neighbouring shores would flock in upon us, even ..if we did not receive them direct. There was not one argument in Mr. Donaldson's speech to shew that this military force was required for the - suppression of internal tumults or the A repulsion of foreign aggression. He favoured the keeping up of a . . military, force because the presence of convicts rendered it necessary.; and therefore we, and Mr. Lamb, had aright to consider that he was disposed to continue con-victism to this colony. If, therefore, as we are informed, the honorable member protests against transportation to any Australian colony — we ask for the cui bono of his motion for a military force. But the lion, member ' , went further — in a speech that we heard2 — very different and very inconsistent with the garbled version of it which we have before us, and which we believe to have been printed under Mr. Donaldson's authority,' we , find that the hon. member prattled through four or five columns of the Herald, expatiating eloquently on every evil that could possibly arise from our refusal to receive convicts — quoting every authority to- prove the inefficiency and impotency of our resistance against them, and discanting in terms of almost lugubrious sen timentality over poor New South Wales shorn of its fair dimensions, squeezed into a wedge of pure but narrow effort, between the gigantic masses of convict in fluence on the north and convict influence on the south. The efforts of hon. members to avert this evil were com- v . pared by Mr. Donaldson to an old wife's stfife with her besom against the Atlantic Ocean. Mr. Lamb led on that strife, in a motion to which Mr. Donaldson alluded,' but Nr. Donaldson, the high, honorable Mr. Donaldson, the pink of courtesy, and fairness, has the unconscionable impudence — (not to Mr. Lamb) — but to the constituen cies of the country to aver that he never drew any , similies between Mr. Lamb and Dame Partington. He accuses Mr. Lamb of mis-representing him and declares himself an anti-transportationist. In the whole of his speech on the 4th of September — full as it is of lacryinose predictions of evil for the want of the convict system, let him point out one sentence which will shew how that evil may be averted without injury to the colony. Let him pick but one glimmering of a high and holy exultation that in the face of material suffering New South Wales, has made the sacrifice of wealth and redeemed her name from shame. No ! Mr. Donaldson's views on this subject are limited to the depredations of , the Lowes and Masseys from Van Diemen's Land. He ' cannot or will not understand the difference between suspected individuals and suspected nations. England within the last few years has been polluted with crimes far more atrocious and abhorrent than have occurred in , ' New South Wales, but England is not a suspected nation, though New South Wales is. What wonder then — in spite of his circulated speech which has been quoted as the hand book— the vade mecum of the pro transportationists throughout the colony — that Mr. Lamb in common with almost every thinking person in the colony classed Mr. Donaldson with Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Martin, and Mr. Darvall, as a transportationist. And what wonder if having done so, he said that the beautifully blended quartetto, would not dare to vote against the expressed opinion of the country. And because Mr. Lamb gave Mr. Donaldson the credit for prudence and proper feeling he is forsooth to be called ' * to account for a breach of privilege. After 'recent events we certainly should not like to make the asser tion, but if in reference to any subject we were to say,. ' Oh no, that's too bad— Donaldson :would not dare .to make such a -fool of' himself,' we doubt whether vwe should be open to actions of libel, or censure for breach of privilege. ... . ; . . If the hon. member wishes to recant, let him do so in a fair and manly manner ; the anti- transportationists will receive him with open arms, and give him credit for all he may do in the approaching struggle, but the effort to shirk his past misdoings, and cast obloquy on the tried friends of the anti-transportation cause, will neither be forgotten nor forgiven by the people of New South Wales. 