IRELAND. REVIVAL OF RED REPUBLICANISM IN IRE LAND.-The Kilkenny Moderator contains a full report of a great democratic meeting held near that city lately. The principal speaker was Mr Bernard Fulham, of the Irishman, who informed his auditory that the landlords who exacted rents were wholesale plunderers and usurpers, as the land belonged exclusively to the people. He also told the meeting he was ready to seal his principles with his life's blood, if it were necessary. It had been an nounced that Mr Feargus O'Connor and M. Ledru-Rollin would be present, but they did not make their appearance. DARING OUTRAGE.-COUNTY DONEGAL. A large body of men, amounting to upwards of 200, visited the house of a process-server, named Long, near Church-hill, where there is a police-station ; and having obtained an entrance, they told Long not to be alarmed, for they had not come there to injure him or his family. Having lighted a candle, they pro ceeded to search the house, and found the processes and process-book for the quarter sessions, then holding in Letterkenny, which they destroyed and took with them, as also a gun and pistol. Before leaving, they made Long look at them, lest, as they said, he might blame any of his neighbours on the following morning. A party, consisting, it is supposed, of the same individuals, visited another process server, named Kelty, of Kilpbeak, and de manded the process and book, but Kelly had his papers secured, and told them that the several parties, for whom he served processes, had called and taken them away. However, they succeeded in carrying off his book. EXTRAORDINARY EVIDENCE.-That fact is stranger than fiction is verified in the following case of lrish ingenuity, in which the ferocious and the absurd are curiously blended. At the present sessions, now holding in Mallow, an unhappy wretch was indicted for stealing turnips from the ﬁeld of Mr Leader, of Mill‐ street, in this county; the principal witness being the watchman, known familiarly as "Mad Tom Eager." The attorney who de fended the prisoner endeavoured to shake the testimony of the witness, who swore that he was as near to the prisoner as " the length of himself;" but upon being further pressed, he cooly said- "Didn't I know what the attorney would be at, and what he'd try to make me swear? Faith, I did so ; and when I caught the prisoner, I knocked him down, and took out my knife and cut off a piece of his ear, that I might match it next day." This terriffic statement was mournfully corroborated by the prisoner in the dock, who turned his mutilated ear to the bench, crying out at the same time tn a piteous tone- 'Oh ! wisha, me Lard, shure enuf he did crap me!' The Assistant Barrister, who was justly horrified at the act, vented his indignation in the strongest terms, and expressed a wish that he had witness in the dock; but the witness seemed to look upon this startling mode of procuring conclusive testimony as entitling him to a civic crown, instead of meriting a iudicial reprimand. SHOCKING MURDER NEAR SHANNON BRIDGE.-A barbarous murder had been per- petrated on the person of Patrick Egan, a pensioner, residing on the townland of Clonasera, the property of a Mr Usher. The poor man was ailing and in bed at the time of the attack, so early as eight o'clock. One of the assassins struck him with a pistol, and then leaped so violently on his chest that he expired in ten minutes. Egan was known to have a considerable sum of money, and also a gun for his protection ; the latter was carried off by the villains : they made no search for the money. This is the third attempt on the un fortunate man. ATROCIOUS OUTRAGE IN THE COUNTY OF TIPPERARY.-On the night of the 10th of April, some evil disposed ruffian or ruffians maliciously set fire to an out-house, the pro perty of a farmer named William Ryan, re siding near Littleton. There were four cows in the house, two of which were in calf. They were burned to ashes, and the house was en tirely consumed before the fire was discovered or any assistance procured. The supposed cause of this outrage is for Ryan having taken possession of a farm from which tenants were some time ago evicted. PURGATORY VERSUS MATRIMONY.-Joe Kelly's ghost came to his wife. "Molly," says he, " I'm in purgatory at this present moment." "And what sort of place is it?" says she. "Faith," says he, "it's a sort of half-way house between you and heaven," says Joe, *' and I stand it mighty aisy after leaving you." 