The Gooso and Dumpling Hunt Dinner. ..áfr. i Trumper, of Jolly-rise, a good old Eng , Ush s<ju\re, asks his friends 'to a Goose and . ?Dumpling Hunt Dinner, after a dap's work ? with his'Harriers, and they accept hit invi- tation without much pressing, their apps lites being, rata and thé fare uncommonly . dfsirabti. . . . . , '.'. Come Tom Trumper, como.!'' oxolalmed Mrs'.' Trumper from the long s tal ron so window commanding tho anglo of tho staircase in which '.ho^now appeared full length, in a black-ilk gown and cherry-coloured ribbons to her cap, looking moit glooming and buxom, .* Come Torn, como !" repeated »ho, ns »he »nw her hus- band wandering from filly to foal, and (rom heifer to. .'cow.'., _¿They'.nll thon rhndo for tho bnok kitchen, whbr'p towels and basons, and boot-Jacks and ?Uppers wailed their pleniuro, superintended by -a'nico'frosb- looWng maid, in a bino cotton gown, with crisp cork-scrow ringlets dangling down the -?Idos of her merry healthy chcoks. .Tho ,pavty woro presently divested of their tops, rind now appeared in most oomfortablo woollens and slippers. After running the joint »took comb through tho lightish crops of strag- gling hair, they waddled into tito parlour, whero they worn gréotod by tho " missis," .This wash low wainscoted room, situato on tho right of tho front door on cntorlng, with ono -window looking'to tho south and tho other to tho «Mst, tho latter commanding a viow of tho twist- ing Auboni water, and tho woll-wooded Groy ridge Dills beyond. The walls were profusely decorated with h aro hunts in avery stngo and variation of tho sport, from the turn out from tho. J, kennels down to " Who whoop I" Thoro wore hares sitting, and hares running, and hounds finding thoir own hares, and pooplo Anding the 'há'ros for them, and hounds hunting, and hounds vfewlng.'and hounds at fault, and hounds hitting hèr'ofli again, and hounds running into her, and hounds catching her, and bounds baying her. Then thoro were stuffed hares In casos on tho mantol-pioeo and about tho broad skirting boards of tho walls, with inscriptions detailing tho ox plo!ts of each, and sometimos tho nnmos of the f-.Vóured fow who wero out. Long before Scott, had mado tho circuit of tho room, however, tho weill roastod geese carno hissing in hot'from the -pit, ¿ind each man paired off with a partnor for ono. ''The'Hov. Timothy Goodman having said grace, thoy all set to with tho most rapacious and rigorous determination. For. pooplo who rirje fond of gooso (and who is not ?) a greater trent could not bo doriséd.' Thoro was no taking the edgo of, tho nppctito of! with soup, or fish, or patties, or cutlets, or sido dishes of tiny sort ; but thoy sat dnwn to dino of!, tho jone, thing thoy oxpootod. This, too, was dono in tho fairest, most equitable way imagin- able i for instead of a favoured few getting tho breast and tit-bits, leaving "nothing but gr!sloy drumsticks for lato comers, each man bsd his ewn half goose, and could tako. whatovcr part ho liked first, without eating in hasto and fear that the next favoured cut would bo gono ero ho could get nt it again. Ali, too, dining off goóso, and eating most profusoly of stuffing, none could reproach tho other with " smelling of osions.'*' Silcnco nppoaroil to be tho order of tho day both: morning and evening, for with the excep- tion of a voioo occasionally hallooing out beer I »caree a word passed, until the dishes presented a most heggmly ncoonnt of bonos, fleer they might call it, mid beer it might look Uko, boing J both Ugh* and bright, but it was uncommonly! strong and hendy to take, ¡ . Lot the-h'r.encli talk of thoir vin ordinaire or pura St. Julien claret,, with considerable body, ai.28s. a dor.cn : what is it whon compared with tho fin ordinaira. tho malt and hopi of old England Î-a quart of Tromper'» beer would sew np tho best 1'ronchmnn that over wa» seen. Wo nro quito »uro wo h.-ivo bottled alo thnt would bo pr 1 ted befólo champagne if it was only a» dear. How few pooplo appreciate »till diam pjignol . It ii tho flt, tho pop. and tho cream that i m ak ca sparkling champngno such n fa- vourite and good bottled ulo has all thoso con- comitants. . Trumper, hnvinrr made a most exemplary on- slaught, on his. half coote, mid washed it down with many potations of malt liquor, nt last throw himself hack in lil« semi-circular chair, nod bel- lowed ont tho wonl " IlKA.vnr." Mrs. Trumper immediately dived Into lint'pocket, mid beckon- ing to tho. wald, g.ivo hoe tho.kuy oi a cupboard formod of ono cornor of tho room, from wheoco soo produced a caost-liberal taxed blue glass spirit stand" with this name«, " Hou.»»»»," '.' ROM." " Biuxu*,'' in gilt lotter»'round tho bottle neck«. ? " Take a thimbleful of brandy. Mr. Scott, after your goose," »aid Trumper, appealing to oar friend sand forthwith tlie little maid brought bim a large wino glan» on a papier mache »land wi til a bare painted on tho bottom, and pro cecded to help him, " Stop !" exclaimed Scott, wbou »ho bad got it half filled. " Nay," roared Trumper in disgust, " What's the top nf the glass mado for, d'yo thtnk,-r^f{ ff up, woman"-and tho woman did fill lt up, «. I drink to you." »aid Trumper, tossing ort a Uko quantity with tho most perfect ease. " Mild ns milk," obserrod ho, smacking his lips as ho put down the glass. Tho floodgates of conversation 'now began io bo loosened, and each man baring drunk to his gooso partner, bogan asking his neighbour to take a drop-»o the drop wont round. Tho dumplings now cnuo rolling in-ten dumplings on ten dishes aWd Aro boats full of sauce. Applo dumplings aro thé ordor of the day, but tho npplo crop haring failed they luid recourse to currant dumplings, approaching very near to plum. .>.-?? Chooso followed those, and then they cleared tho old oak tahln and drew it towards tho Aro Tho party ranged round > biscuits and filberts constituted the 'dessert, and-" glasses" formed the berorngo. Mrs. Trumper stood in lor a tumbler of something and water, and when abo retired, tho titilo maid again appeared, and diving Into the clipboard, produced sundry clay Îlipes, a largo tobacco box with a liaro on tho id, and sororal little round boxes with'sand in tho bottom, which sho dutributod among tho party. " You don't object to baccy, I suppose ?'. ob- served Mr. Trumper, filling hts pipo. " Not a bit," replied Scott, taking a pipo and doing tho like. . A solemn reverlo followed, each man smoking and apparently cither thinking or dreaming. " I did wrong in leaving ber," at Inst said Trumper, breaking silence at tho samó timo knocking tho ashos ont of his pipo. Thereupon thoy all began to throw out thoir tonguos, and thoy hunted that haro over again. Then Timothy Goodman reminded thom of a similar run they bad had twonly years before, when thoy killed at Little Gaddosdcn, after hav- ing " all but " given her np. Thon Harry Bean stack recalled another, and Ron Bragg a1 third. More hot water waa then called for, and drought. Moro cold also-moro sugar ; and then moro brandy-moro rum ; and tho hollands hoing ex- hausted, its patrons had recourse to gin. They then began to got noisy-ono talked of his horso, another of his hounds, a third of himsolf, a fourth of his farm, and Gosliug. who bad lstoly married for tho third timo, talked of Iiis " bran now wifo." Then they would drink her health, and snmo ono propeled " all tho honours," which being duly responded to, somo of thom found that rosumlng thoir seats was rather a difficult mnttcr. Toast- ing having begun, went on briskly, and then singing commenced. Tho. songs wero various, but all in honour of tho' haro. Tho ono that gavo most satisfaction had for a chorus ' ?" Thorn's nothing can compare To tito hunting of tho hare," which thoy kept hammering away at, laying tho emphasis on tho nothing can, " Thoro*» soTitisra caw compare," till they got it so high that no typo could convoy an idea of tho din, saro tho great capitals used by somo of tho " Ile-who-runs-may-rcad " ad- vertising wino or " Reform-your-tailor's-bills" fraternity. Suffice it to say, that our friond Scott felt tho fiimes of tho spirit for threo wholo days after, and tho ghost of *' There's xoinixo CAX compare To hunting of tho haro "-- j haunts him still. j 