THE DRAMA OF THE FRENCH RE VOLUTION. (From the Times.) ' We call the French Revolution a Drama, lvinit. to the term its simplest and most obvious de iuitiol. It is difilcult to contemplate all the features of that unexpected and extrtordliiary eventi, and not to regard it as a dramatic mas terpiece pertflrmed by the choicest artists to be tmd in Eli.urope. Our friends acress the Chan e! are without comnpetitls5 ill the histronie line. i'They are bln'i actors. Fremhli hulnm nature is st ro elevated and adorned by art. You see it ,,n.rvwheret?in the open streets, in the Hlouse of Parliament, in judicial halls, in the smallest boy, in the oldest graybeard. from the gamin to the Prime Minister. Life in Paris is anything but the jog-trot vegetating business of life in Lon don. Here we push our way from the cradle to the grave, troubling our heads with no man's business--not courting observation. not striving for effect. 'there life is a romantic representa tion of existence, gratuitously uttered for the edification or amusement of the world at large. Hence the unapproachable excellence of French vaudevilles, which are but so many daguerreo types of national manners; and hence also the insipidity of French tragedy, which, scorning to be natural, and striving to be classical, neither satisfies the judgment nor grapples with the heart. Midway, however, between vaudeville and tragedy modern ingenuity has contrived a speeies of ?ompositio much more suited to the feverish times in which we live than either of the other two. They who have read Dumas and seen Lemaitre know the style. Grand initer minable pieces, neither truthfully severe nor painfully familiar: each act a tableau, each cene a romance ; the dramatic persone: made up of the loftiest and the lowliest-King and Queens mingling with beggars and cut- throats, the vilest ostling against the most heroic, de fmnnity playing the foil to beauty, vice to inno cence. Now we are in palace, nowin a hotel; now the great tumble down, and now the humble are nplifteda; now you quiver at a hair-breadth escape, now the dance animates or the song stethes your much astonished spirit; front first to last great effects, picturesque situations, unlookol for recontres-endless excitement ! , Such a piece historique is the Revolution of 1848 ; a play with entirely new scenes and de corations, and performed, we may truly say, by the whole strength of the company. vNo work offiction coming fromnt the pen of the prolific lumas, opposen as the brilliant and seductive proluction may seem to probability and nature, reads half so like a tale of purest fiction as the lerformance of which we speak. Incongrnuons as are the scenes, characters, and incilents which that dashing writer brings into his frame work, the incongruity looks perfectly symmetri cal by the side of the desperately conflictingand I wondlerfdlly opposite events that crowd into the drama mider consideration. Dumas is the prince of inventors, but in the height of his at dacity he has stupped short of the daring creation which the pen of simple truth has alone an thoritv to write. In his wildest flights the novelist would never have conceived sue a pro gramme as that which history enables us lo place before him. If it be not so, let the reader jud e! Our first scene is a palace ! the period winter; the time morning; the wenther cold and misersi Ile. It is 10 o'elock, and the King of France with his wife and family are discovered at the breakfast table. A splendid beginning! Calm ness is the prevailing expreor of every eounte neco tSari. nnc-tenL $sw .dap, Mar :»-L." r iTeks anxious and disturbel ?Isheminight hbe if the audience knew all. Light domestic talk, such as becomes princes and the gilded roof that overhangs them, occupies the mometus. You have never seen Royalty so near before; sensible t o"its grandeur, you gaze in admiration and p- a plaud the unaccustomed sight. Hush! Whilst the laquev.s dressed in gold and scarlet, move noiselessly about the room, awed by the presence which subdues all lookers on, a noise is heardt without, It becomes mnore audible by degrees. Suddenly the door flies open, and two men enter, v valerthan ghosts. They are ministers of State. You learn the fact immediately, or from their haste and horror you would never have suspected a it. Discontent prevailsin the city ; the populace are out; the dragoons have surrendered their sabres, the soldiers their arms, within sightof the very apartment in which the King had just now enjoyed his meal and his daughter-in- lawh e looked so sad. The reader will note how rapidly 1 the action goes on, how little time is lost. What l is to be done! The King is thunderstruck, hesi tates for a moment, and then, ured bhy the i Queen, instantly leaves the room. The Queen fillows her husband withher eyes from thepalmee window. She sees him on horseback reviewing the National Guards. She has no fear, neither i has lie. What more! He returns, accompanied by the man whom, yesterday, to satisfy public clamour, he created Prime Minister. The 3inis ter has power to save his master. You observe nt aglance that he is far more anxious to save himself. He craves permission to resign. Per- t mission is granted, when a volley is heard close at i their ears. What does it mean! This man will tell you who now enters. The King has a pen in his hand, with whichhe is aboutto appoint his newt P ne 3inister. "Sign not," shouts the last yomer-a manl of the press, with the fTace of a rtudlent and the spirit of a soldier-- Sign rather d your own abdication." The situation is fine. The pen drops from the King's fingers, the speaker takes it up, and quietly replaces it in the 3lonarch's hlimd. Theaudience salreadytoucehed. 1 The poor King looks around him for advice; no line oil?-s it; even the Prime Minister of rester lay is dumb; and in another instant the deed is f done. The King has abdicated in favour of his i ramilson. Behind the scenes you hear sounds of tumult and disorder, and yourheart is already a letating for the issue. The King dofin his robes, L pilces his sword upon the table, and, dressed as a d private gentlettnan, is evidentlvanxious to depart. The Queen would fThin meet ihe coming dnger, blut his 3Mjesty has alredv orderedthe caranges. The horses are put to, bt'horses and groom are i vhot he the multitude. A broad path leads from the palace g~nlen, andi at the endof it a friendly a handl has brought two hired coaches. "Let ust gi',"' e:lainms the Moonarcc,and leaning henvily i upon the Queen, whose head is high and erect, le hurries on. The coaches are reached;t ile fugitives escape. They arrive at St. Cloud, b at Versailles, huit not to stay. On they go, andl at half-past 11 o'clock at night they destal ti at Dreux. At l in the morning they are joined i hv one of the King's sons, who informs tihe un Iippy pair that the claims of tise grndson have i bhvn dasrerdml, and that a Republic has been g declared by the people of Paris. It is enough. The King'shaves off hIis whikers, puts on green it pectaclen, buries his fiaoe in his handkerchief, a speaks Englisht, and calls himself Smith. The ni wind is high the coast dangerous, emlmrkation is out of the qestion at the moment, and before an ,pportniitv oilers the rank of the rnmaway's dis cveril. ',rtune, however, is with them; they escape capture and put to sea. Protected by liHeaven, they reach in nsfetv the hospitable shores of Enghlan. ? Meiltwhile what has happened in Parnis Thie I whole citr Iias given way to a handful of rioters -men who meditated an emeute, and effected, to their astonislhment, an acttal revolution. But two illitiahmls upon the silde of the King evincedt 6 p:rtile IIf icuItrag , nitd th!se were women--his wife andt his daugter-i-law already menctionetl. F Tle rest if thle it wtere f.lithlcss io tlhenmelves a 'tthleimselve., s a ?ll as ti the King. Princes, p,,r. etldlierta, tut t:ltesmen were aIll sneaking c in litii-pla,: s whitstl the capital wans made over I: ti, l the mrrv ,f a fiw' dozen incendiaries. The ,iauihtetr-in -law .eeing the Kiug depart, carriis I her lhilI to thie Chambe.r of Deputies, and therid ,;iith woimanly az oura and qe?ls'ly diinity y. I dicates his rights. HIer friends en:treat her to withdlita-. Firt in her purpose she does not move all inch. She attemlpts to speak. Ihut is in terrupttl; and he who interrupts is himself si lenced by an armed mob that pours into the hall. 'The l)ueltess is forced away, and in that terrible extremity is sep arated front her child. But the sparrows of the earth are not forgotten. The child is seized by a rough hand, which is strong enough to strike, but generous enough to save. The boy is brought to his mother, and mother and son pass fromi asylnm to asylum, chasedl by cithes, snbres, mntskets, and, worse than all, thei bloody passions of anil enfiriated canailleo, For four days they creep into biding-places; on tlt fifth day they are beyond the frontier. Every body is escaping at the same moment. There is the Kin 's eldest son paleand half naked, throw ing aside his tinsel and putting on fustian, looking less than a mau in his fear, trem bling with emotion, and ftinally run ning like a nadian for his life. There are you M[inisters, of European reputation and wisdom unapproachable, bounding like antelopes, northwards, southwards, "n ysLere, anywhere out of the" city; which they, and all the rest, give up to inaliscriminate riot. And now the crowning point of our first tableau is near. The mob,. masters of Paris, are sacking the Tuileries. The choicest novables are broken to atoms t a group take the places which Roynlty filled a moment au) at the breakiast table; that is a palpable hit, anti brings down launhter oi all. sides) others are in the wine celi r drinking themselves ten times drunk ; others, again, are in the Queens apartment, defiling that domestic sanctuary, Outside the palace and on the top of it a flag is waved by a dozen men, whose shouts and shrieks insito hundreds, whom you see crawling and clambering up with no earthly oh ject ut immeliatel to slidedown again. There is sentiment in all thii?,s The apartments of the poor danghter-in-law are reached, but, strange to say, are rpected in the midst of the work of general destruction. Her children's toys are not even touchehl; the hat anid whip of her dead husband are still scnred; the books she hadul been reading lie open) and they are not even closed. It is an incident that cannot fail to elicit rounds of applause. And whilst anarchy and destruction prevail here, there is equal con fusion and danger in the Chamber of Deputies. We have seen the mob forcing their Tway into that deliberative assembly. Everybody is now rushing to the tribune, Three speakers become marked from the rest; their names are Lamar tine, Cremieux, and Ledru Rollim i they gain the popular ear and undertake to establish or order superhuman responsibility! A Provisionil Go vernment is announced, named, and approved on the spot. "To the Hotel de Ville!' exclaims one. "To the Hotel do Ville !t respond a hundred; and amidst yells and hootings, cries of "ive laI Republique."' "Vive Lamartine!" "A bus tout le monde!" 31. Lamartine sets out for that celebrated building, followed by a train made up of the dregs of a seething metropolis. In the middle of the shouting, the curtain falls, and the first act terminates. Search the drama tie annals of the world for such another! It would not do to cram such action as this into it whole play. They manage more artisti cally in Paris. Act the second enables us to collect our' senttered senses and to breathe. Three days have elapsed since the piece com menced. We are now at the 27th tf February, and as the curtain rises for the second time ire behold the preparations of a fete. After the firing comes a divertissement. It is so in all great dramas. The Republic is to be proelaimed, and the reclamation is to be made to mnper s hi 'wtn- pro?=,slcsounsanuiv 'taitsrtpertseas'tP m sush cases-espe cidly at Astfe s. Nothing, to speak honestly, can be more imposing than the exhibition. France is blessed wittI a Re public and the people are satisfied-that is to say, as satisfied as they can be without money and work. The mob in more senses than one has become its own master. At the same mo ment that it threw otf its M3onarch it got rid of; its employers. What of that? "The Republic owes bread and the provision of labour to all her children. She takes the solemn obligation to provide it.' The question of work being "of supreme inportance" a permanent commission is. appointed to enable men to live without working at all. An original idea, not to be found, we believe, in any tragedy or farce: And now all goes merrily on. "The high born are down; the low born are up: Jack is as good as his master; Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity are established ; every man is to love his neighbour better than himself; selfishness has been put oyt by an universal extinguisher a piolitical millen nium has been reached by one tremendous effort in a single day. A Government indeed, is hardly required for a people so thoroughly dis posed to stifle selfishness and to find pleasure in the comfort and welldoing of one another; but in compliance with antiquated notions a Go vernment, as we saw, was formed, and now a National Assembly is summoned. Happy citizens, far removed from despotism, walk about the streets with their hands in their capacious pockets, to gaze upon trees of liberty planted in their honour, and when tired of that to turn into the theatre gratuitously opened for their amusement. Admirable scenes now take place between the Minister of the Interior and his "emissaries.' Perfect liberty being estab lished, the latter are enjoined 'by M. Ledru Rollin to proceed into the provinces, and to in duce the free people of France to elect sneh re presentatives as are pleasing in his sight, under pain of his high displeasure; bribery, corruption, and intimidation, old monarchical vices, haring become Republican virtues under the new rgnlme. Whilst the elections proceed we are entertained with more fetes in the capital. As a proof of fraternity, 800,000 sohliers, well armedL a?lemble in orderto he reviewed, and as the suit gleams upon their bayonets voices innumnerable till the air with praises of this fete, strangely called de la coneomne. The results of the elections are declared. Lamartine, the favorite child of the revolution, is returned for 11 places. The poet, seholar, legislator, is his country's idol No doubt he will remain so. The augast assembly is to meet upon the 4th of Mae. The Provisio nal Government have so little to do in a land of universal peace and brotherhood, that, on the 30th of Atril, their most important labor is to decree thit "every repre sentative of the people shall wear a blck coat, a whito wsnistcoat sith a thlrown back collar, bhlack trousers, andl a tri-coloured sash adorned with gold fringe:' Just before the representa tires cotgrente we hear that there has been bloodshedlin Lyons, on the part of a few ejected fraternals more devoted to the Repnublie tlhan to life; and under the head of "foreign intelli gence," in the daily papers, we ascertain that the nephew of Napoisleon onaiarte, on the prered lug loth of April, was seen walking, up and down Regent-street, dressed asa rs ecil con stable, nider the order of 3Major Waller, captain of tlhe division. No time can Ihe given to such trifles. The streets are line withi troops again, the provisional government have met, be hind them are the memhbers of the national as sembly; trumpets and drums roar forth a nmartial strain. The gilory ofrepublieanism is complete. On they march to the hall of ealm deliberation. thLs nisg.illeent the scene upon wnich the eur tain closes! Everlloly remembers the opening of Hamnlet. So opens the thirdaet ofour revolutionary drama, Intead of the plutfonr Iefore the castle of Elsinore, we have the iairie of the second arrondissement u and in place of" Francisco on his post," we behold, a small gentleman in spepta cles, muskeet on shonulder, walking up anil down iofore a door, to keel out dogs a sl to give free mentrance to fmrtenal citizens. All thginLs cts shlered, this ip pI.rhaps the beIt hit in the hi As the curtain slowly ri-s, yonenldud thettl aluriuntsO g (1 P gi 9[idPry utlilir, '9I1 199k to again. Bless ut.! it is the Prim, 3Minister of the of list act, who to,: so inshie ,are of himself aul so n- little of lis iaster. Hllow intesely dramatic is ;i. the situation! That man is a geiius: he has Ii. written the history of the Empire: he has had le the fate of nations oftener than Once between the !ie palms of his small hands, anl there he stands ie leering at poodles out of his large eyes, and g pointing his musket at theirposteriors as though L. it were the chiefof his necomplishments. Brick ar layers and plasterers had been returned to the my Assembly, hut 31. Thiers had tidled to find a to constituency. 1Ve should call all this violent and ar unnatural at the Adelphi, but, as we said before, to French nature is a very extraordinary nature; r- therefore look on and applaud. We find our is selves in the IIHouse of Parliamnent; Chamber of r- Deputies no longer, but National Assemubly. a, Universal stiragoprevails; the people of France are free. There they are, the emancipated i- millions, represented by a few hundreds of their re hearts' own choice. Europe is invited to take d cognizance of the fact. A day or two after the s, meeting of members the Prefect of Police rises in his place, declares Paris tranquil, and guarantees t, the continuance of tranquillity. lis assurance is oe received with deafening cheers. Tranquil! Of 0 course it isL Is there unythinl needed in this s; world to make men peiceafl ansd conteimted but a self-government and universal sultfagot The a only wonder is that aPrefect of Police was re a quired to give the information. The cheers have IL hardly died away, however, before soime enrious r incidents take place. Next to the possession of a freedom, man's greatest enjoyment is to symnpa e thise with the oppressed. The French nation if being perfectly comfortable themselves in all a their foreign, domestic, and pecuniary relations, e resolve to make a formal manifestation of their love for thedistressed Poles. The 15thiof 3fayis e fixed for the demonstration. Twenty thousand f men come together on that morning. In lines of Sthirty-three, with the correctness of organized a troops, they march to the Assembly-then isi solemn deliberation. Like cats, the nimble , sympathizers climb the railings that defend tlhat a sacred edificee, and embrace tie National Guards t who form a protection to the building quite :s o secure as the "artiehants de fer." .Fronm the y railings to the hall itself is but a step and ajump. In an iistant the confusion, the dia, the rioting of the first act is commenced de nova. Fellows with bare brawny armnus are waring hanners in v the centre of the large a ?artment. Ruffians, in nocent of coats and waistcoats, having first imn vaded the galleries, are sliding down into the space below; and whilst the President's bell is r ringing with forty dustmen power, a middle sized itdividtal with short hair, a longreid beard, small inflamed eves, and red face, is flourishii, a s cane by way of sigal to the sympathizet, which they fully understand. In another moment the f tusult reaches its heiguht hlnds are extended, L voices are roaring, pistols are firing, and in the midst of the deafening clamour a paper is pm a duced which declares " the national assembly dissolved." (It had hardly sat a week.) The President--a wise man in his generation-dc. camps; several members, equally prudent, follow his example; the sovereign people pronounce the government deposed, and name another composed of the brawny arms and waistcoatless bodies al ready spoken of. The expression of sympathy for tle distressed Poles having been made in this singular numnner, a body of the sympathizers take forcible possession of the prefecture of police. Thither they are followed by one General Beneanu, and six thousand brethren intent upon murder. and pare besieged. Two hours are granted for surrender. At the last moment, as the drums nbe_,in to beat, as the artillery is pointed, and the capitulate on condition that they walk out uns molested. The condition is granted, a way is nmade for them between the ranks, and to war. like music the third act closes. The joke of this particular portion of the drama is that the pre tee of police who guaranteed the continuance of tr anquiity got up the whole affair, and that the very men at whose instigation the government was declared extinct, were members of the go vernment themselves, and its most active limbs. There is no end to the intricacies and stagger ing incidents of this unparalleled performance. Act the fourth is a somewhat bloody business, but t n wiuthout fetes and pleasant episodes to relieve the butchery. The amiable Polish syin pathizers having been silenced, and the govern- . ment restored, the national assembly proceedsi once more to the most pressing busiess of the I country, and holds a long discussion upon the point whether it is advisable to establish the ehigy of Napoleon on the cross of the legion of honor, or simply to engrave upon that ensign the touching and truthful symbol of a liberated na' tion, now glaring upon every wall, and expressiing the "eqnalit, liberty, and fraternity" of this reslly happy people The discussion is scarcely over before it is discovered that the axiom hastily laid down in act the second, to the eifect that " the Republic owes bread and the provi; sion of labor to all her children;' is anything but a self-evident truth or a profitable spe culation. The discovery is communiatedl to the parties chieflS concerned, who get up for the oc casion a "fete des Travailleurs," and try to vent their indignation at a banquet, precisely as ballet dancers relieve themselves of passion n a pas. The fete, however, proved a failure. And no wonder! Admission to the feast costs just ttropence-halfpenny, and whilst each man's share is but a thin slice of roast veal, some salad, half a bottle of beer, a glass of wine, and a small glass of brandy, lie is further compelled to bring to the banquet his own bread and knife and fork I The elements of success are absent in such melancholy fare, If this be the feast of labour, we nuast not be surprised at the saniinnary as -pectof his hideous fiast that immediatdly followed it. On the morning of the 23rd June a decree is published. The unwelcome truth is told, be cause it call no longer be kept back. Industry cannot support idleness, MIendicancy is social death. 3fin is born to labour, and' no bhuman amirranement can contravene the laws of God, Laelumr, hitherto pampered by the estate, takes alarm, and, well supported, desceids into tile streets. The clonds never lookel so black be fore, and you perceive that the tragicn epoeh of this history has come. The dreadfil attile- long postponed-has fioally to be fought, foot to foot, anid hanl to hand; poverty aainst wealith, deslpair agbinst content, tile reekless spirit of plunder esinst the tremulous though teni cions spirit of possession. In truth, the fightinii is worthy of the despernte struggk', and denotes tile milghty in terests bound up in it. There is now no childish and unneaning invasion of tile hall of Assembly. Poverty knows hoa miuch depends pIon the conflict, asd boldl? prepares for victory or death. It reises its barriules, it leliberetely provides its arms and amnmunition, it make its plans of attack and defence, andl ventures every thing, lIfe, limb, wife, andchiliren, in the terni blo var of sociaol supremacy. The stormn breaks on Tune 23. It is still violent on the 21., On Sundahy the 25th it ihas reached its climax; on tile 2?ith thereois still work to be done, but on that day all is over. Blood of innocent men has been shedt; tile lives of the unotfendling have been sacrifieed, but the interests of society have been vindicated, and the consequences of a huge fnlehoodlpalmed upon a creduloas people have been once for all bronghlt to naked light. Paris, France, Europe, nid civilization are resenel; aut tile lightning that purified the atmosphere Ihas aelso knocked d~awn the very props upon which thie reant Republic reotel. The self elected Provisional Oovernment of February has vnishaed. Liherty witha shriek has quittel the foulsol stained twit thehlood of fellow citizens. There is agrandlmorallesson in Act 4 of our Revolutionary Drama, and we are sensible of instruction lbug after tme secne closes upon the -bloody andt humiliating p- p e Act 5 hegins hith a ,'nerual hornpite in fett'er. S he people of Paris arc il e ;tata tlnccase it s have proclaimatei a dictator. established timatiil a law, and seen theirbeanutiil city in astate ofsthCi. d They could not tolerate the mill voke of cotnti ytntional Monarchy; they have limel to ascertain the comforts of nunmiitigitel despotism. Ol the d 27th of Juue there is but one faith in France, It and Cavaignnae is its prophet. A Parisian prophet keeps fresh for about sax months. Lamartine, extinguished Louis Philpplie, Ca?aignae puts out Lamartine, and before the play gets very thr Sforwttrd somebody else no doubt will return the favoutr to Cavaignac. At the conunmencement of Act 3 we were shocked to see aPrime Minister doing duty like Private Buggins in Bilrdcage f walk. Act5 presents us with ademigod, rejected, despised, and forgotten by creatures who were his sworn disciples and worshippers two months before. Don't hiss, we repeat, andsav the play's unnatural! We have not undertaken to show vonu SRacine and'the unities; and the plot is ortlhotlox Sand natural enough for all that. At this juncture liberty of person in the city may be pronounced perfect. Bayonets bristle in the air, the streets form an encaupment, presses inimical to the G Government ire broken up; -esd the editors of s Opposition journals are thrown into prison with w out benefit of habeas corpus. It is a singular fact, a which philosophers have yet to explain, that every living soul in Paris felt more at his ease, more thoroughly assured of his freedom, and in finitely happier in his mind, whilst submitting to downright slavery than ever he had been in the henlyda of his unquestioned independence. We shall do well to remember the fact when we Sweep for the blacks. Paris, then, being free to ileliberate beyond all doubt, the National Assem bly proceeds to arrange the details of the Re publican Constitution. "In the presence of I God" (aud surrountded by troops) " the Assembly f proclains and decrees" the national laws, anil I once more dissolves. The liequent repetition of this incidentis fitultv in a work of art, but we presume it is unavoidablc. The new Parliaiment offers some singular features. Marshal Soult he who fought Wellinton--is a candidate at St Amisn , but is beateni by a journeyman cobbler: Laartane is considered without a claim to the sullrages of any portion of the people; whilst thie Iegeut- street special constable, of whomI we had an inkling in an earlier net, is retnurned for five departments. Positively every net of this wonderful dramia is i play in itself. There is no limit to invention no end to surprise. It is decreed by tlin Consti tution, amongst other matters, that France shall be governed y a President, chosen, like the mitebers, by universal suffrone. A sort of ballet takes place, called " I Fete de la Constitttiona, iu wahic the Statue of the Republie, holaing the Constitution in hier hani, performs a printipal part, and then no timers lost n putting a capital to the shaft of the constitutional column. We were not wrong, just non- in waramiun Cavliine of his insecnri?-, ie was applaudel'to the shies in June, adored in July; towards the end of SNo vember he sufficiently deelined to render a vote of confidenee, passed h- theAsent?hb, an acquisi tion; andin December he pats up for the Presi deney to be signally defeated--and by whom? IBeIhold him as he comnes upon the stage; notice the ingenious tableau as the whole Assembly rises to welcome to the trilbune, in the person of their constitutional head,-the special constable of Regent-street. Our playis not vet over, but we drop the cnr tain for thle night. We refer once more to 3L Dumas forjustifieation and authority. That da ring genius some time since produeel in this own o t ono:th sit . Folks hal to pr a. second time to ascertain the fate of the hero with whose existence they htul been made acquainted. We shall nothebiamed for followingsoillustrious an example. "Five truths are told "As happy prologues to the swelling act "Of the Imperial theme." Our friends must come again to learn the truths that are behind. They will not regret the trou: ble. Striking and unequalled as the first part of the "Drama of the French Revolution" assuredly is, we are much mistaken if their :ttoni-hment and pleasure are not considemrbly heigihtened by the second part yet to be performedl. iwo of thie newly-built solips of the Southern I Whale Fishery Company, the Earl of Hardwicke and the Sir James Ross, left the East India Docks for Gravesend, whence they will proceed to the company's station at ihe Auckland Islands. They are described as fine vessels of their class of abshout 250 tons, old measurement, ad atdmirtabl equipped in all respects. It is in tendril that thev shall fish on their way out as opportunity miat oceur. Letters lately received from on board the company's ship Faner, spoken within about a month's sail of the Aucklandl Islands by a vessel arrived at Calcutta, state that the Faney had capturel in the vicinity of the line a whale which yielded about 30 Ibarrels of i oil, although, being "encumbered with passengers and cargo, she was not intended to fish until after her arrival, 