REMINISCENCES OF A TRAVELLER. BY WILLIAM M. LEGGETT, M. A. BRITISH AMERICA. No. I. THE province of New Brunswick is almost as large as England, and perhaps no other country in the world enjoys in combina- tion so salubrious a clime, so fertile a soil, so vast an abundance of pure fresh water, and so agreeably diversified and picturesque a share of the scenery of nature. Its myriad of internal rivers and their tribu- tary streams—its multiplicity of lakes, springs, and rivulets—its valuable forests and variegated woodlands—its verdant hills and bold mountainous ranges—its luxu- riant valleys and loamy intervales, present to the eye of the contemplative tourist a tout ensemble magnificently interesting. The succession of seasons ever affords some pleasing novelty. The summer is short, but amazingly productive, and vege- tation progresses through all its several stages with inconceivable rapidity and beauty. Well may the poet admire the exquisite tints in the colouring of autumn, when the richly variegated hues of dying leaves, remind one of the good man's love- liness in death! I say nothing of the magic of spring, for its sudden entrancement of eye and mind defies expression. The winter is long; but its atmosphere is dry and exhilirating: much to be pre- ferred to the humid chilliness of the same season in England. The winter mode of travelling is pleasantly exciting. I loved the merry music of sleigh-bells at night, with a clear starry firmament, and the heavens overarched with incomprehensible lumina, usually called northern lights, but which some of the Indian philosophers sup- pose to be the ghosts of their fathers! Crack! goes the whip—on speed the horses; and the ladies (dear creatures!) sing, chat, and laugh, as if the world in which they (?) were the funniest little planet in the Copernican system. The lakes, bays, and rivers freeze up with astonishing quickness. I have crossed a large river, in a boat, on one day, and the next day passed it on foot; but that was on the north-eastern shore, observe me, and the night intervening had recorded the (?) mphs of Jack Frost. The tim- (?) lodging- house cracked, like (?) a horse pistol causing me fre- quently to shout in my dreams, "On the (?), form square! prepare to resist cavalry. Steady!" The water left on my washstand was congealed into a solid mass, (?) ewer shivered into a thousand fragments. The river St. John (aborigi- (?), or Long River) is often (?) with sleighs or sledges. In (?) from the city to head quarters (ninety miles), I have frequently passed twenty and thirty hay teams, well laden, on the middle of its surface; and yet it is navigable in summer. A man on skates might accomplish this journey in six hours. Almost all the Bluenoses (natives) are capital skaiters. They take pride in the slippery accomplishment, and can run, jump, cut their names on the ice, and per- form all sorts of capers. No. 2. It has been said that life has its agree- able varieties in New Brunswick, I may well say so, having travelled with the In- dians (?) the depths of the wilder- ness (?) but fragile canoes, slept in a wigwam, and eaten of the (?) of the chase, far from the abodes of civilised man. When unmad- dened by Bucket(?) they are generally inoffensive. Should any misunderstanding occur, however, the pale face (white man) should suppress any visible symptoms of fear, whatever he may inwardly feel, or whatever the disparity of numbers against him. They respect true courage and despise pusillanimity. The encampment of a number of fami- lies in the bosom of the forest, along the banks of a darkly rolling stream, is roman- tically picturesque. There are the wig- wams, each shaped like a cone, and en- cased in the snowy white bark of a species of birchtree, in beautiful contrast with the green foliage around!—and there are the squatting squaws (women) singing, or chatting and laughing over their curious work, which chiefly consists of brooms, baskets, and ornamental boxes, of various descriptions!—and there are the sanhops (husbands) either stretched out in sleep, or skilfully fashioning bows and arrows, and birch-bark canoes!—and there are the papooses (children) clambering trees, and faithfully imitating the sounds of all the birds and beasts of their own native wil- derness!—and there are the aboriginal dogs, that cannot abide the presence of a white man, filling the woods with sharp echoes! altogether presenting a wild com- bination of voices and objects, surpassing the power of the pen to describe. I do believe them, in their own uncon- taminated state, to be the most contented people on the face of the earth. They literally "take no thought for the morrow." Various monumental as well as tradi- tional fragments of their forefathers' his- tory still remain. Tomahawks, hatchets, spear-heads, and beads of the most exqui- site workmanship and colouring, all made of stone, are frequently found in the earth. Also skeletons, (some of a gigantic size); and (the most curious of all) even huge copper kettles of antique construction, wrapped in skins, that appear to have been chemically prepared to resist corrosion. Many of these last were excavated from a hill immediately under the principal road of the village, which road had been tra- velled long before the birth of the oldest inhabitants. But whence came the kettles, and by whom were they manufactured? Truly I cannot inform the courteous reader; al- though I suspect they were fashioned by craftsmen, ere Europe had dreamt of colo- nising those regions. There are several problems that I, my- self, would like to propose to the savans of the British Antiquarian Society, such as who built cities, carved hieroglyphics, em- balmed mummies, and cast iron shields on the continent of America, long before Christopher Columbus took pap from his nurse's spoon? It is all very well for scholastic Euro- peans to lecture on European nonsense;— but can they talk Mohawk, Milicate, or Micmac? Can they traverse interminable forests, without chart or compass? Can they shoot bears, carriboos, or moose, for their supper, and sleep in the warm skins, under starlight, without grumbling?—Bah! The rivers Bartholomew, Barnaby, Re- nous, and Etienne, were so called in honor of their respective chiefs. Looshtork sig- nifies the Long River; Restigouche, the Broad River; Miramichi, the Happy Re- treat; Nepisiquit, the river of foam; Tat- tigouche, the fairy river; Richibucte, the river of fire; Taboointac, the encampment of two; Magaugudavie, the river of hills. These aboriginal names are still used, and the rivers well known. In one of my rambles I fell in with an aged Indian chief. He had just returned from an unsuccessful bear hunt, and was weary and hungry. "Will Broder give it to Noel Tehma- whee?" he asked, at the same time loosen- ing his wampum (belt), and leisurely seat- ing himself on a moss-covered log. As I had no tobacco (the thing asked for), to give him, I substituted a shilling, and sat down beside the old man for "a talk." My friendly inquiries elicited what, to me, seemed a deeply affecting ebullition of feeling, in words that I shall now quote, to the best of my recollection:— "Broder!—all same old tree, Noel!— green leaf no more fetch 'um!—break 'um limb!—bark all die!—shak'um wind, plenty! "Squaw, him gone grave!—pappoose, no more speak 'um!—sleep 'um plenty!— berry sorry me! "Good many moons back—soot 'um bear, moose, carriboo, plenty!—catch 'um musquash, beaver, otter, plenty!—hunt 'um plenty! eat 'um plenty! happy plenty! "All gone, broder! all same shadow when cloud run way!—sorry plenty! hungry plenty! me Noel! "Great Spirit speak 'um come quick!— (uncovering his head, and pointing to his long grey scattered locks.) "Broder, you see 'um? Go dark wigwam berry soon me!--(motioning to the (?)) Indian cover 'um, come so! No more speak 'um, see 'um, hear 'um, feel 'um, Noel! Sartin true, broder!" These brief and broken, but comprehen- sive sentences, were appropriately accom- panied by gestures quite as eloquent as themselves. I became very deeply inter- ested in that philosophical sample of the fathers of the wilderness, and when he arose, and girded himself for further travel, slipped a remembrancer in his hand that might purchase him plenty of Tehmawhwee. (To be continued.) 