SOUTH AUSTRALIAN AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. TO TUE EDITOR OF THE ' SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER.' Sir — I feel disposed to make some remarks on the character of the late cattle show. 1 am desirous that my criticisms should be severe (severe m the sense of correct), but not ill-natured. I am of opinion that the show as a whole was a decided iailure, which I think is mainly attributable to two causes; first, the haste with which tie thing was conducted, and, secondly, the season of the year. The show was late, and sud denly determined on, and only a month's notice of it was given, which produced the second cause of failure, the postponing it to the middle of November. Of course these two causes could very easily be altered in future, and to remedy them I would suggest six months' notice and the fixture of the exhibition' day on or about the last day of August in each year. At the time I speak of the wheat and hay crops arc sown, the potatoes just finished, the hay harvest and shearing uncommenced ; in point of fact, from the middle of August till the middle of November is the only leisure month that fanners or producers of all kinds have. The weatner is cool enough to drive stock an}* distance ; and the growth of pasture by that time is generally sufficiently strong to have put the animals in good condition. Flora puts on her most enchanting livery ; we are surrounded by verdure, not covered witJi dust. The flower-show could be held at the same time. Another latent cause of failure is that, gpneral'y, the farmers and stock-producers have had iio confidence in the ability ot the judges. Almost every person whom I met, and asksd to exhibit at the show, put the query, ' Pray who arc the judges?' As I could not possibly answer this question, there was no ardour to meet ; and some parties, who had better stock than any exhibited at the show, declined to do so unless they could kuuu* beforehand the character for ability as well as honesty of those who should Mt in judgment on their animals ; and en passant it may he remarked that no person has any obj.-eti.m to exhibit a good animal to ngood judge. If the exhibitor does not «et a prize, he still gets his animal properly placed and orrectly valued; and the information he gets by having his property correctly placed and valued is wcrth all the trouble he takes in the matter. And in good truth scientific information on the animals exhibited is the thing wanted, and the thing for which the subscribers pay, and which the producers and exhibitors want. It will be readily admitted that some few of us in the colony have some little English experience in the matter of stock ; but the great majority of farmers are only self-taught and self-made. This class of farmers, together with the rising generation, are sadly in want of experience and science to guide them in the selection aud breed of animals They want, in a word, to know why a particular animal is the be--t for a particular purpose, and how to produce a particular animal for a specific putpose. This is the whole science of breeding and rearing stock; and when exhibitors bring their sto:k up for judgment, they have a right to expect that the judges are judges ; men who, from experience on the one hand, and science on the other hand, can give a scientific reason for the superiority of one animal over another, and why one animal should have a prize and another not have it. That judges were appointed with this faculty, in the late show, I beg to deny, so far, at least, as the blood stock w^re concerned. The judges for blood-stock were — Messrs Sharp. Lines, Kimr, Brodie, and Dr Rankinp. The first two named ot these (gentlemen, I readily admit, are admirers and judges of horses; the last three-named gentlemen, viz.. Messrs King, Brodie, ana Raukino, in my very humble opinion, know as little of the properties of blood horses as any threo men who have been so long as they have in the colony. It has been understood that the last three named geu tlemcn stuck together aud outvoted the two first named in their decisions. However, whether that be so or no, I presume I may be allowed to try to canvass the wisdom of their verdict in the matter. The first prize was given to Cantab, the second to Rambler. Now, without asserting that Cantab ought or ought not to have the first prize, I will take it upon myself to assert, that if it is right that Cantab should have the first prize, R unbler should not have tho second prize ; and why ? Because Rambler is a horse of a different type. Some Tyro may ask me what 1 mean by a horse of a differeut type or class ; I Answer, I mean a horse whose proportions and properties tire essentially different to that of another. For ex ample : Rambler, in his loins, enormous hips, and powerful gaskins, is altogether unlike (aud superior for a particular work) to Cantab. Cantab, f-»r his noble crest, long neck, trumpet nostril, fine wither, oblique shoulder, and length of limb, is different to Rambler, and better also for a particular class of exertion ; the one (Cantab) being suited, if he has bottom (which is the highest proof of blood) for flat racing, while Rambler is better suited for racing and fencing at the same time. There were three types or classes of blood horses exhibited at the late show, and I think they may be classed thus : — Forlorn Hope j Rambler j Cantab Coronet J Egremont J Merry Monarch I do not feel myself called upon to express an opinion as to which is the best horse, nor would I do so until some principle or law is laid down upon which to give a verdict. The question being, are we to judge the horse as he stands simply, or to judge him as he is, and also in relation to his pedigree ? — I think in blood stock the latter should be the rule of judgment, but in no other kind of horse stock. It may be as well to observe that, while there arc ex cellent blood horses, there .are no remarkably good blood mares in this country, and the mare is much more important in breeding than the horse. The mother, if young, always transmits her properties to the chil dr; n ; not so the father : he may and he may not do so. Among the Greeks 30 )0 years ago the bets were laid, in their chariot races, on the known properties of the dam, not the sire. If this view of the thing is correct, how indiffeent is our stock likely to bo, for we certainly have net more than three good-bred blood mares in South Australia — Mr Baker's imported mare (importeJ by Mr ?\Yhitington) being firsf, Mr Thompson's second,! and Like Firs the uext — spite of the judges* prize. To ' remedy s-.- great an evil as this is 13 one part of the ! duty of an a .-ri cultural s---; -ty. viz., to point out iu j what stock the? country is most deticie.it, and to remedy that deficiency either by importing the animals wanting j or tnving a prizu f««r »-- doin^. Upon this subject I will take the liberty of inakiug , both n suggestion and a proposition : — First, a surges- j tion as to the kind of stock wanted ; and. second, a proposition how to procure it. First, I think we have no example he^o of the hunt ing stallion, the horse ab'e to live with tho hounds, and take — safely take— a lG-s'.oue mat. at a fence; in a word, the YorKshire hunter, six or seven-eighths bred, with plenty of bone and carcass. Again, whero is the poor man's every-pnrj«»se h--rseormare ? where is the*e a true old-fashioned Suffolk punch mare, that ploughs well, pulls Avell, trots well iu saddle or harness ? Them are such mares in Suffolk and Cambridgeshire only, 1 believe — good disp--sitioued, -trong-constitutioueti mates — square, nmscuiar, all-of-a heap animals— who Mill plough you a day's w.;rk, and trot 10 miles an hour in sad dle and harness. But where are they here ? There are a J few a little lik«; the thin^, but nothing perfect. I would . propose, therefore, that tho ? ociety should, by means of ' subscriptions of its members (I will subscribe £20 towards it), send a competent person to England to purchase and import here three or four animals — 1st The highest-bred mare money can buy in Eng land, in foal to the finest horse in Englaud. 2nd. A Yorkshire hunting stallion, to be full 16 bands. j 3rd. A puro Clydesdale mare, and 4th. A true Suffolk punch, both to lie in foal. Who is there that would not trust honest old Gepp to do this job? £1000 would do the thing well; the animals to lw the property of the subscribers, and to ? be disposed of as they shall direct, subject to their being ; kept in South Australia. So much for importing stock'; ? and now for the better management of shows that are ! yet to come. Let me call the attention of the Society and of the : farmers— the practical breeders of horses — to what ? metkod should be adopted for the future to create a i healthy competition in horses aud secure a aound jud;;- ; ment on their merits' I propose that the Society should i meet three months before the next Snow and invite all the farmers to send in the names of such persons in whom they havo the most confidence for ability to becotno judges of stock of any kind ; that then a given number should be balloted for ; that those parties selected as judges should be published as the elected judges of stock for tho ensuing «how ; and that, in addition to a prize to the most important class of stock, the Society should arrange for a sweepstakes of so much for each kind of animal, tho Society regulating the sweep. The effect of electing the judges bv ballot and pub lishing their names and duties will be to give confidence to the exhibitor. He knows before whom his stock is to be shown, and feels a proportional confidence in submitting his animals to their judgment. Again, the elected judges wi 1 no doubt classify the animals, and not let us have any more such absurdities iu the list as showing colts against fillies of the same age. That there are competent judges of stock in South Australia I think the following among many other good names will show. Say for draught horses — Mr Chambers ; Mr Woodhead of Richmond ; Mr B. Greig; Mr Bowman, of Pine Forest ; Mr Burley, of the Meadows; Mr Duffield ; Mr Hogarth; &c.; Say for blood stock — Mr Bradshaw ; Mr Gepp ; Mr Ewart ; Mr Sharp ; Mr Parker ; Mr Lines ; Mr Rutland ; &c.; I think I may venture to prophesy that if any such parties as the above are named beforehand to be the judges of stock next year, we shall have a show — and not the ghost of one, which we had this year. At any I rate, as far as I myself can go, with such or similar I names, I will show, year after year, while I have a hoof to exhibit, being satisfied that, if I do not get prizes, I shall get what is more valuable, instruction for my money. Sir, wishing the Society every success, and the prac tical hard-wording fanner to put his hand to the plough, I havo troubled you with the above. I am yours, &c;, Chas. Simeon Hare. 