LATEST FROM ENGLAND. By the kindness of Captain WALSH, of die Hcrlequin, just arrived from Singapore, we have been favoured with a copy of the Straits Times, of June the 4th, which the editor of that journal had taken the trouble to forward for us to Angier Point by the steamer for JBatavia, along with some English newspapers. The Straits Times aunounce the arrival of the English mails of tbe 7th and 24th of Apr;'- and gives the following extracts:— (From the Straits Times, June 4.) The fallowing form tbe leading items of intelligence from March 2-5th to April 24th. It is reported that the Bishop of Exeter will secede from the Church, aud take charge of a free church in connexion with the Sisters of Mercy. The 'great domestic event' iu .he Queen's famiiy was still daily looked for. The French finances for 1850-51 are reported favourably of; the minister estimates' an excess of revenue to the amount of nearly nine millions of femes, a greater sign of prosperity than presented during the eighteen years of Louis Philippe. Lord Seymour lias been appointed the new Commissioner of Woods arid Forests, vice the Earl of Carlisle who takes charge of the Duchy of Lancaster. _ Marlborough House has been fixed upon for the residence of the Prince of Wales. Foreign politics have taken a most favourable turn—the differences between the courts of St James and Madrid have at length been amicably adjusted. USITEI> STATES.—We have to record the deBtb of the distinguished Senator Mr Calhoun, in the 6Sth year of his age, on the 3ist March. ' ,, i ; Professor Webster's trial for the murder of Dr Paikman has just terminated in the conviction ol the Profeisor, who . lias been seiitenc*od to drath. W« mid oy our corrco { ;cnadence ; asiL ihe journals of tbp Levant, that the Greek question is not yet settled nor likely M»an to be so. Messrs Wyse and Gros have bad frequent meetings without any apparent result The Austrian and Bavarian Ministers are continually with Otho, and urging him to refuse any compliance to any demand of the British Government, and assuring him of the aid of Russia^ and Austria in the event of matters becoming more serious; meanwhile commerce is ruined—ships cannot get charters, and insurance compaHes refuse to insure unless at war risk aud premium. Brigandage is again rife; torture and plunder is the order of the day. The Greek people are tired of what they can now see is sheer obstinacy on the part of Otho, and demand, as one man, the speedy settlement of the question. Should he refuse, we should not he surprised to hear of a revolution tH Greece. Letters from Smyrna state the shocks of earthquakes still •continue. On the 19th they were so violent as to lead every one to suppose that the end of Smyrna had arrived. Several houses were thrown down and many others seriously injured. On the 12th there weie several shocks, some of them very violent from east to west. The earth trembled violently for many leagues round Smyrna. At Nymphia, two mountains which overlooked the village, and were separated by a chasm, united together, and enormous pieces of rock became de* tached from them—some forty small houses fell down, also the tower of a minaret. The Greek Church is almost in mins. A large stream of water which traversed the village suddenly changed its course, and its waters were troubled for three days. Some lives were said to be lost. POLITICAL REVIKW.—The temporal power of the Pope is re established in Koine by the entry of his Holiness into that capital on the 12th. The following are the conditions up^n which the Holy Father consented to return :—The recall of General Batagu&y; d'Hillier, who will be replaced by General Levaiilant The garrison of our French brigade 'Only, and Cardinal Dupont as Ambassador of the French Republic at Rome. Of a molu proprio, of an amnesty—and uthct political concessions, nothing more is said. The Papal state will be governed as it was before 1848, by a system of oppression and slavery. After these facts, what will be the justification of the ministers of Napoleon before the French , people, who guaranteed the establishment of a constitutional regime in Rome ? How will the French Government clear itself in the eyes of the legislative Assembly ? What reasons ••can it adduce for it, after so biany promises, so many assurances given to the chamber of the formation, at least, of a mixed temporal government p We are certain that to the ample demand that the opposition will make, it will be suffocated by the cries for the order of the day. The announcement that official relations are about to be Resumed between the governments of Great. Britain and Spain was received in England with the more unqualified satisfaction. It is positively asserted that Lord Howden is the newly appointed ambassador to the court of Madrid. The present struggle in Germany which now it seems to take serious aspect, o'wes its origin to contending dynasties, or consist of a mere rivalry between Austria and Prussia. If the unity of Germany and of Germans were but the fulfilment of a theory, the satisfaction of a sentimental desire, ^certainly it would have found the sympathy of all liberal Europe, we should not feel any necessity for uttering vows *or showing sympathy on its behalf. But unfortunately the •question is not whether Austria and Prussia shall predominate, whether Germany shall be oue or multiple, constitutionally or despotically governed, but whether there shall survive in central Europe any independent and powerful -state. Let us suppose that the absolutists succeeded in their aims, that they cheat the German people of all the hopes enteitained or realised in 1848, the federal bond in Germany -Te-becomes what it was since 1815, a mere nexus of kings -and court delegates, occupied with guaranteeing one another against the forwardness of subjects, and the development of .popular liberties; suppose Prussian pretensions driven back -to Berlin, and its spirit of government once more confined to the harracks of Potsdam; suppose Baden and Saxony restored to the old childish state of non-government, with the 'courts of Bavaria and of Hanover in Austrian and Russian leading- strings. What is the result ? Why, the German -empire-is irrevocably broken »p. Fuil one-half of its population, despairing of being anything by themselves, would turn their aims to France, would make common cause with the ultra-Liberals westward of the Rhine, and would, moreover, give strength to that democratic party by the great weight of German adhesion. When not many years back there was a 'probability of a war with France, and \- Austrian statesmen came to consider the common defence of "Germany, what was their opinion and declaration once delivered? It was that Western Germany was not to be iclied • on and could not be defended in case of French invasion, for ithe population of all the smaller states would fling themselves into the arms of France. It is not only to this state of T tliings that Austria would recur for the re-constitution of Germany, but to this state of things aggravated one hundred- •fold by uuiversal disaffection and discontent. What Prussia proposes, on the contrary, is to create in Germany what Germans might rally to, and which Germany couid defend. Nor is it Prussia alone that proposes it, but {such men as Gagera, as Radovvitz, as Camphausen, men as little exclusively Prussian as can be found, and who, in their efforts at Gei man freedom and German unity, would in the first instance have as gladly accepted the aid of Austria as of Prussia. Let the history of the Franktort parliament be looked to, and it will be seen that its dominant party, in which Gagera and Radowitz bore so influential a part, could by no means be accused of leaning to Prussia. What was their first act ? The election of an Austrian archduke to be chief of the new empire. What was their next? The ^promulgation of Austria, and forming strong and natural links with its remaining provinces. How did Austria reply to this fairest of offers ? By the greatest -contumely, the : most contemptuous refusal: Austria resisted the least idea of German unity or German freedom. And to brand this ^opinion and this • insult into the popular mind in Germany, -t£e Austrian-court, having seized a deputy from the German parliament in Vienna, ignominiously put him to death because he was a deputy from that parliament. After such repeated acts, such total identification of ^Austria, both with a separatist and and an absolutist policy in Germany, can she, or can any one, wonder that other German powers and statesmen seek to constitute a federal Germany without her? It was too barefaced and too idle to hope to ppt down the earnest bona fide constitution of Gageru and of Prussia, by an avowed return to the princely despotism and nullity of the old Diet. And therefore the pretence, the ghost, the humbug of a constitution has been got up, a constitution without popular representation; a constitution in which the uncrowned and lesser princes are sacrificed to the kings, and by which all Germany is virtually Sung under the sceptre of Austria; No German, however, that dwells i eyond the precincts of a court, puts trust in, or thinks seriously of, the counter constitution of Schwartzenberg and Von-der-Pforten, on every leaf , and clause of which the Russian eagle is stamped indelibly. In judging, indeed, and in taking part with the different proposals for the re- constitution of Germany, it is impossible for any German not to be averse instinctively to that policy and that proposal which is pursued ^id supported by Russia.—II MtdiUrraneo, April 24. - 