MISCELLANEOUS, Three Thousand Tubes Frozen to Death : Constantinople. — A private letter, dated Feb. 24, says, ' What kind of a winter have you had ? Could you but imagine ours : a similar has been uuknown for forty years past ; three thousand is the nnmber of persons frozen to death hereabouts ; the very fish, two and three feet long, and in thourandsand thousands left the water, quitted their own element and rushed on shoer.l |I hye walked over them in Asia as upon pebbles: The wh le of Constantinople was shut up, not a door, not a house, or a shop were open. I never flinched, but was covered, up like an Esquimaux, aud was out at six in the morn ing, but could scarcely breathe on account of the ratified state of the air. Frightful ! It is passed now ; but when I think of those tiroes I tremble." Confession of the Cuilwell Mcrdee. — .About twenty-three years ago a repoit was current that a pedlar or packmau had been murdered at Cbilwell, a village about fine miles from Nottingham. The circumstance attending the case were these : — In a lonely house, near the wood, there lived a gaid-r. labourer named Baguley, who w is at that tinu thought to be in very needy chcum::anci s His family consisted of himself, his wife; tl,r« e sons, and a daughter. The daughter was ap proaching to years of maturity, but they were all considerably under age. A tr«v. ll.ug packman, smitten by the daughter's charms' frequently visited the house fur the impose, it was believed, of paying his aldresses to her. One night lie was observed going into the house, but he was not seen to return, nor has he been heard of since, and what is most singular the debts owing to him by numerous customers in the neghhourbood were never in quired after or called for. These circum stances connected with the fact that soon after the packman's disappearance, Baguley re moved to a more commodious house, invested a little money in the purchase of live stock, gave rise to vsrious rumours at the time, which were not much hteded. We have h"ard a statement that app-ars to be tho most probable version of tile muider, and the reason tor it, hut forbear repeating it at this stage of the affair. Baguley lived uncomfi-rtatdy with his first wife, who frequently threatened him, when quarrelling, that she knew where his coatof arms war, aud that lie had better mind how he behaved to her. This was iu allusiuu to the coat he is supposed to have worn at the murder and which it is said she kept secreted. She died about six years ago, and it is said he never allowed any one to apprcatli iter during her last illness. S.ibs.q lentiy he married another woman. The cottage lie load quitted has keen fur newly tw enty ytars n- toriovs as ' the haunted house' — the villagers asserting that til- y fr- quetitl. heir strange noises in it, especially dur.ugths night ; und many ghostly ta'es are nurrat d rv>p ctiug horrible appari tions. In cun cqueuce of these absurd rumours tin- house is forsaken, notr.e being bold enough to brave its errors. A fm might since the old ':.an Baguley lay upon the bed of death, and :.efoic his spirit l.tt its earthly tenement he confissed to liis wife that lie, ' twenty-throe years ago murdered a hawker of shawls, and blankets, end other wares, with a pick, and buried the pick at the bottom of the dyke near the house.1 A great number of idle reports are afloat, and the consequence is that CIill- well Is daily crowded with visitors. On Sun- 1 day there were some hundreds of people round U ' the haunted house,' anil they wanted to dig in the dyke fur the pick, but the circumstance" nut having been made known to the authori ties, they were prevented. Baguley's widow, who was married to him about three years says she has lived most uncomfortably with him, for when asleep he was always visited by annoying and painful dreams, Bnd lie would frequently fight with his hands as if struggling with some one, and jumping up would ex claim in gnat terror that some one was about to seize him. The affair is creating much gossip and sensation, and during the present week hundreds of silly curious people have visited what they call the ' Ghost Huuse,' and minutely inspected the premises. It is a sin gular fact tint the cottage in which the mur der is said to have been committed, has never since found a tenant win dired stay fur any length of time, and for many yeirs thtre lias been considerable excitement iu the neighbour hood, and a great alarm amongst the supersti- tious by the singular and hitherto unaccount able noises that have been often heard on the premises, designated as ' The Chilwcil Ghost,' and ' The Haunted House at Chilwcil.' We have received a variety of communications on the subject, with the names of parties who have heard and seen strango things connected with this ghostship, but we leavo it for the curious and marvel- seekers to ferret out the mystery. — Nottinghamshire Guardian. I Tns Slave Trade. — In tho House of | Commons, on the 19th March, Mr Ilutt j moved an address to the Crown, praying her ! Msjci'.y to dinct negotiation to be opened for the purpose of releasing this country from ail treaty engagements with foreign states for maintaining armed vessels on the coast of Africa to suppress the traffic in slaves. Having given a history of our exertions to tended -that we had signally failed in our object. After Thirty yeios' attempts, after an expenditure of £25 000,000, employing one-iou'th of the whole Briti-h navy olluat, at an expense of £700,000 per annum, we were, he insi t-d, asfar ai ever from putting an end to the African slave trade. He ob jected to the system of a preventive naval force, on the grounds of its inutillity, its cruelty, its violence, its utter inadequacy, and its cost. Lord Julio Russell opposed the the motion, and felt more aaxiuus than ever he Trmembered that the House should come to decision of this question with the full sense of its importance. At the hegining of this century, England h id slaves in all the colo nies, and the other powers of Europe sanc tioned slavery and the slive trade. In the course of time the I'arliaaient of England hal abulished the slave trade, and at tl)e treaty of Paris we had made stipulation with all tlie? nations cf Europe declaring its condemnation. Slavery had been abolished by Act of the British Parliament, and the slave trade had teen aholised by France and the United Sta'cs. Slivery itself I had been abulished by France j and Denmaik. Such w as the pi ogress made i in the first half of this century ;und the house w is askid tot ,ke a r,.tiugride course during , th- second half of the century, and to undo i all th it had be- 11 done. They w, re asked to c ase alt attempts to repress the slave trade , by means of i m trine force, without adopting any other in- an s as a substitute. He im- piored the House to agree to no such proposa1. The noble l .rd proceeded to show that the with drawal of our squadron would not diminish the sufferings of the middlr passage, aud that, unless he should abandon the prot-ction of commerce on the coast of Africa altogether, we could not greatly r-duce the expense. He maintain, d that we could not cease our efforts without injury to the honour of the country ; t lint . uiil we consent 10 reverse our policy, it , would be impossible to preserve from the ' slave trade those parts of Africa which had been rescued from it ; that an unrestricted 1 slave trade would destroy all hope of civilizing and Christianising Africa : that the immense importation of slaves into Brazil that would follow would g:v» rise to such an immense production of sugar as would ruin the West Indi's, Tiie noble lord c .nelud d his speech by declaring that in a great cause liko this, ''e could nut despond; and believing th" cause to he good, uoriimg, in his opinion, cuuld destroy it hut the want of moral courage tn maintain it. The house divided. — For the motion, 151; against it, 232. Majo rity against the motion, 78. 