ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE TO AN OLD SETTLER. To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. Gentlemen The Old Settler declares himself unfriendly to transportation, and as a proof of his disapproval favours us with his deep musings and pondered meditations, on the necessity or expediency of resorting to it again. He is something like a man who de- claims against drunkenness, yet nevertheless establishes a public-house on the road side, with a sign before the door-" Good spirits sold here, but beware of drunkenness. The sincerity of the one's disapproval appears to me to be as much to be relied on as of the other : For it looks to me mighty queer, If either the one or other be sincere. The Old Settler depicts the melancholy de- solation which has taken place over the wide domains and stately edifices of the country houses. once the pride of their proprietors. Where the sumptuous banquet was spread, where lackeyed convicts stood behind their rich master or mistress's chair, or sat upon the coach- box with their blue turned up with silver trimmings, in lieu of their convict togs, ready to whirl away the guests when the giddy dance and banqueting were over, are now the habita- tions of native cats, tarantulas, and lizards and this mighty change he would fain attribute to non- transportation. But has it never struck the Old Settler, in his deep musings, that other causes have been in operation that the seasons have entirely changed the rains no longer descend in March, the seed sowing time of the country that the lands are worn out by bad farming-that those domains which supported large dairies and fattened large herds of cattle and horses are now bare of grass for months together, deficient in water, and that instead of supporting stock hundreds of starved cattle leave their skeletons strewed on the ground as unfailing evidences that the seasons have altered, and the lands have lost their productiveness and a consequence of this has been, that many proprietors have deserted for the more fertile regions of Port Phillip and Moreton Bay. It is a law of colonization,. which the re-introduction of all the convicts in England cannot alter, that the richest lands will be taken up first, and the poorer and less productive lands will be only occupied by the pressure of population. Away then with this humbug argument of the Old Settler let him muse again with any of the small settlers of the country and they will make him wiser as to the true causes of this desolation. Change of seasons, bad farming, the discovery of superior districts causes which convictism can never counteract, although it has had much to do in leading proprietors to building magnificent dwellings, and laying out spacious domains and fostering a spirit of display and extravagance of pride and folly, of which these desolate domains are now the melancholy mementos the ruins of Babylon, and of Carthage cannot speak more loudly of the power of an invisible hand in humbling the pride of man than these ruins do. But has it never struck the Old Settler, "in his deep musings -"in his pondering medi- tations," that convict labour was grossly mis- applied? had it been applied to permanent improvements, instead of the gratification of pride, we never would have been favoured with his lamentations-his tears and his pathos would have been saved had the creeks and the valleys been dammed up, had the lands been partially cleared of their timber, had the paddocks been trenched, had the vine been cultivated on a thousand hills, to make wine, brandy, and vinegar ; had a different description of grass been cultivated on portions of the farms for summer use, instead of relying entirely on native grass, which chiefly propagates by seed and not by the root ; had convict labour been thus applied, we would not now have seen these habitations, the pride of convict masters, given over either to the working farmers (who after all, must be the bones and sinews of our pros- perity), or to the reptiles who weave their webs in our drawing-rooms, or book lizard-like upon our walls-our pride and our negligence have met with their just judgment. Small farmers with working families can live let the great men, the princes of the earth, retire to more prosperous regions they have failed with a few exceptions, in their position, to promote the true interests of the country : let them suffer in lamented. But the Old Settler tells a:, convictism was not slavery, and that many who were convicts are faithfully affectionate to their old masters. is being entirely subject to the arbitary will of another freedom ? - is having the exercise of no civil rights freedom says hiring out the services of the man for a given weekly price freedom is the promise to the capitalist, that in proportion to the land he purchases from the Crown, he shall have so many convicts, freedom raise the wholesale transfer of all a proprietor's assigned servants to the purchaser or lessee of an estate, thereby enhancing greatly the value of the property, freedom says exchanging and bartering one servant for another freedom then, indeed, I ask what is slavery ? Dear Old Settler, in your next musings answer these questions. As for the faithfulness of old servants, we find the same affection and fidelity existing in feudal times, and in the most despotic slave countries. As for the sophisms that convictism and immigration will not mix and mingle-on the ocean the plague ship will not be suffered to approach the healthy one-I ask the Old Settler how he will keep up the separation after landing ? How he will prevent the mingling of the pure and polluted streams in New South Wales " The Convict's Fast Friend" has indeed a panacea for the evil. Some hundreds of virtuous young women are voluntarily to dedicate themselves to the convicts' reformation; bursting with philanthropy and love, they are to refuse the proffered hands of honest men at home, and to expatriate themselves to wander like so many Dryade up and down the Australian wilderness with labels on their foreheads, " Wives for convicts. The day of reformation has come at last. Marry us, dear outcasts of the earth, and we' willmakeyou happy,virtuous,andfree." Who, dear Old Settler, would not be a convict on these terms ? But why give these self-educated and devoted young women so many journeyings, so many wanderings from station to station, from hut to hut? Why not have the marriage ceremony performed in Newgate and then you see there would be no necessity for separate ships, for extra expense, for the Old Settler devising in the depth of his musings any plan of isolation. The process of reformation would commence in Newgate, be perfected on the waters of the mighty deep, and thus Australia would receive into her population the penitent, the regenerated convict, and women, angel-like, could claim the prize as the repayment of her virtuous love-? what a magnificent idea ! ! ! Philanthropists of Britain, behold the problem solved, glorified spirits of Hannah Moore and Mrs Fry, look down from heaven and rejoice, the Convicts' Fast Friend will join chorus and dedicate his daughter at the altar of Hymen as the first pledge of his sincerity and the ghosts of Knatchbull and Hunt will groan with horrible despair that this was not in their day. As for the golden bait of Lord Grey, who can believe the promises of this with breaking Minister nor can he force immigration to mingle with convictism. The home government may " endeavour so to do," but we believe where the immigrant has choice, he must be very bad indeed if he prefers a penal colony to a free. As for the humanity" of the question, the most humane view is to FencE the Home Government to regenerate the social condition at home, and to relieve the oppressed and starving poor by a liberal and extensive plan of immigration, and save thousands from crime, than gaol, thom: TttANroitTATioN. As for the unmitigated rogue of the Insolvent Court, does the Old Settler; think the introduction of more and fresh rogues will remedy that The population of work- houses and gaols are both bad ; but the one in the refuge of poverty without crime, the other the stronghold for the vicious and the criminal. But we want neither. And if the colonial territory was placed in our hands, which is the grand struggle we should unite for, so as to prevent the application of these funds to the disgorging of those receptacles of poverty and crime on us, then we need have neither and may help to diminish some of the evils to the parent state, where many wretched families of eight and nine have to subsist on 8s. per week, having the occasional luxury of 2lb. of bacon on Sundays and a little butter, " scarcely fit to grease a waggon with ;" and in the winter months " having scarcely a bit to put into their mouths." To relieve these would not only be humanity, but opening a a safety-valve for England. ANTI SOPHISMs. Liverpool, March 6. RSSIL would be well if some of the agricultural societies would offer a premium for the best essay on the resuscitation of the county of Cumberland : an improved method of farming is one essential the formation of dams and reservoirs the cultivation of more permanent grasses-the thin ing out the heavy timber, and girdling the forest trees - the subdivision of the large estates into farms of 200 to 600 acres planting vineyards for the production of wine, brandy, and vinegar, &c;, &c.; The towns may each assume some definite character Sydney, mercantile, &c;Parramatta,manufacturing; Liverpool, with its College endowment and fine hos- pital building, the seat of education, and half yearly fairs, etc, See. Now that California is likely to present a new market, articles of export should claim our attention. Tweeds, salt beef, flour, soap, candles, coals, bricks, shoes, boots, &c;, c, will in all probability meet with a demand there for some years to come. 