WONDERS AND MIRACLES. Spirits are reported to have manifested themselves in the State of New York, with a rapid increase of that invisible population. In its present aspect the case is a sort of multiplication of the Cock Lane Ghost; but it is remarkable for its duration, its wide geographical distribution,and its connection with the questionaule facts of mesmerism. The manifestations began. about two-years ago in 'a house' of ' Western New York' and in the shape of ' a simple hollow rapping' which could be traced to no visible rapper. The neighbors as sembled sometinmes to the numbers of three hundred; searched from garret to cellar, investigated, and finally listened in passive wonder. The invisible rapper was found to be significant in the noises, and also a responsible being, inasmuch as answers were given to questions; the ages of children wera counted correctly in raps; a child who snapped her fingers thrice, was answered bytthree raps ; and it was soon discovered that raps in reply to questions, bore an affirmative mean ing. But the rapper proved a scholar apt at the hornbook: "The question was put, ' Are you a spirit?' The answer given was by rap ping-three raps.. By this means they found that it purported to be the spirit of a.man. Many expedients were resorted to by which to find out the name of the man whosespirit was making these mani festations. At length a stranger asked, if I would call the alphabet, beginning with A, will yourap when Icome to the first letter of, his name The answe-r was in the affirmative. The stranger theni commenced ' A, B, C;' when he came to C, there was a rap; again he went on, and it rapped at ; and in that way he spelt the name of 'Charles Rasne.' As before statec these sounds have front that time been heard in various families in that place, and the cities of Auburn and Rochester, and various places in the country. Although confined to this rapping .sound, the mode of communication has gradu ally improved, so that many very curi ous and astonishing sentences have been spelled by the use of the alphabet. It no longer purports to be the spirit of one man or person; but when an individual makes the enquiry, " Who is it that wishes to comrunicate with me ?" they will generally get t e name of some friend or relative -a mother, father, sis ter, or brother, who has passed from visi ble existence. Many persons have made the trial, and have had names spelled to them of their friends, unknown to any persons present. Strangers have tried it, and had their names spelled out, before any person present knew it, or where they came from. In each family where the sounds appear, these seems to be some one or two whose presence is necessary to ensure communications freely. Gene rally we find that these persons are sus ceptible to magnetic influences, and clair voyant, although we have heard it where there were none that had ever been mag netise or were known to be clairvo vant." About a year ago this new sect of Rappites became known to the editor of the New York Tribune, a Fourierist journal, and the journalist was reduced to a state of p,ovisional belhel in the genninenes, of what he witnessed, until it should be contradicted. Early in No vember last.he received "a message," that the manifestations must be made more public; and the editor obligingly placed himself at the disposal of the in visible correspondeut; under whose " di rections" a public lecture on the mani festations was delivered in the Corin thian Hall of Rochester, on the 14th November; a committee was appointed, and next evening the committee, made a reporton the affair. To the questions of this committee, it seems, the answvers " were not altogether right, nor altoge ther wrong," so the new Rappites are not altogether infallmbl:, Another comn mittee was appointed, including two physicians, and two Honorables, who in vestigated the manifetratiuns in the oilice of Chancellor W\Vlittesley ; then a third com,,nittee entirely co.rsposed of sceptics; also a comntnttee of ladies,-as terre always ap)peircd " I.i ,ils'.' mIvolvel inl these s.aulfeststloLs, " Th'e lamdies" of thie hiuntedl houses were " disrobed," stood upon pillowls upon glass, tied, placed upon the stethoscope to secure that the sounds should not be vocal, and hed by tihe hand; still the Rappites rapped; a vibratio or "jarring" was felt o~ the floor and throuhon: t:he room daring the ra"s; alnd questolns, asked openly, on pa'er, or even " ment1ally" were du?v answere t. Su:.cthi ,: of course there is In these sign:s; but whris Con jecture ulakes marine alternate an:swers to that question. It may be a juggle; and if so, it is remarkable among juggles for its extensive spread over the soil of the Empire State, and for the nu:mbers publicly juggled. As to the numbers and respectability of dupes, precedents might be found; but the geographical extension seems to be new. It may be a new natural phenolenoe n-such as a Ilew function discovered by persons in a rmes merised state, who are conspiring to keep it unknown. It may be a newly established or newly revived communi cation from some kind of creature im perfectly cognizable to our sense, as a human being mlst be to a sightless worm. Or-it may he a real manifestation of "spirits." The last possibility is sug gested by an iunate feeling in the human mind to presume the existence of supernatural beings. In one sense, supernatural creatures there cannot be, since all must conform to the supreme laws which rule the universe. In another sense supernaturalism is identical with the proposition that creatures exist of which human senses ate not cognizant; a probability established by the progress of science, which continually discloses to us things partly cognizable, and some wholly unknown previously; while the nature of other things-and as the 'im ponderables' - is very problematical. \Whatever creatures manifest themselves, we may always assume that they are our fellow creatures in the senseof being sub ject to the universal rsod. But that these sounds should be emitted by any order of 'superior' beings, is unlikely on the face of the evidence; it is also unlikely that they should be alien from humanity. Some traits will be observed in the nar rative common to all such affairs, ths 'spirits' deal unhesitatingly with thinge not belonging to nature at large, or the spiritual world at large, but artificially contrived by humanity ; they dodge about chests and cupboards, they are intimate with human usages; they have learned not only the human but the Anglo-Saxon alph.bet, and can spell. A good deal of humanity in all this, though not more than might be shown by a very foolish i:nposter. The seaond trait is the ten de:cy of the 'superna ural' visitants to deal exclusively with trivialities and puerilities -startling women and children with raps, spelling names, and counting the ages of children 'correctly.' Now, before it can be supposed that any higher order of things would stoop .to such triffinrgs, see must alter our whole ideas of what is superior and wvhat is inferior. 