SPENDING A VERY PLEASANT EVENING. By the consent of antiquity it is deter- mi.ned that Pain shall be doorkeeper to the house of Pleasure. In Europe, Pur- gatory led to Paradise; and had St Symeon lived among us now, he would have earned heaven, if the police permitted, by praying for it, during thiry years, upon the summit of a lamp-post. In India, the Fakir was beatified by standing on his head, under a hot sun, beset with roasting bonfires. In Greenland the soul expected to reach bliss by sliding for five days down a rugged rock, wounding itself and shivering with cold. The American Indians sought hap- piness through castigation, and considered vomits the most expeditious mode of self- denial on the stomach. Some tribes of Africans believe that on the way to heaven every man's head is knocked against a wall. By consent of mankind, therefore, it is granted that we must pass on to the way to pleasure. What pleasure is, when reached, none but the dogmatical can venture to deter- mine. To Greenlanders, a spacious fish- kettle, for ever simmering, in which boiled seals for ever swim, is the delight of heaven. And remember that, in the opi- nion of M. Bailly, Adam and Eve gardened in Nova Zembla. You will not be surprised, therefore, ii I call upon you to prepare for your do- ini slit phasures »vitli a little sulTcring; nor, »vhen 1 tell you what such pleasuies arc, must you exclaim again't them as absurd, liming thu sanction of our fun* l (nth»i ', they ate what is futhiouable now, und (ousujiirntly the» mu what is fit. I propti e, then, that »on «should gi\c, for the ent( rtaiiimcnt ol'your fii( ndi, an E»oning Party; ami a« this is a stone in whit h young Indies promim ntly figure, I will, if you please on this occasion, pay purtictiliti attention to your daughter. O mystery of prcpai.tt'ion ! Baldon, sir. You err if you suppose mo to ¡iisinii ntu that ladies aro mom earcful o»or per ponal adornment than tim m ntlenmn. When roon made a display of manhood, »vo«ring boards, it is rooorded that they packed them, w un tiny »vint to bid, in na tebonid eases, lest thcv might li t im bled in the night Mau at Jua ^i mm st is as vim as woman, even when hi stills about benidcd and battle xcd Jins i the mystciy ol pi cpni at ton in youl daiigh tei s case How does she bl callie f" You lune pu pai ed hu li oin childhood loi tin pint she is to pity to nijit, bv tunning hci foi m into tin only sh ipi which can be looked at wiUi coiiiolaccncy in any ball loom A machine culled stays, mt induced long since into 1 nglnnd by the dormans, has had hei in its gup boin emly gul hood She has become pnlc, and-only the le ist bit- liable to be blue about the nose andfingeis Stays au ¡in txtclient conti iMinei, they j,ivc a niatciial sup] ort to the old cause, UnlicalthliKss a I limn This is the sccict of then excclleiici A woman s nbs me nairow ni the top and as they appioich the waist they widen to allow loom foi the lun0s lo ]il » »»itlnn the ni li you can pi event the i bs fiom1 widening, von can pi event the lun^s Ii oin playing, which they have no light to do, and make then» woik lins you ni com-' phsh by the agency of sliys It fortu natcly hnppens that, these lungs have woik to do-the putting of the bl catii ot 1 It into the blood-which thcv nreunibli to do property »»hen ciainpcd foi spice, it becomes about as diflteult to them as it »vould be to you to play the tiombone in a china closet By this compression ol the chest ladies nre made nervous, and bciomc unfit for much exertion thcv do not, howevei, allow us to suppose that they have lost flesh lhcic is a fiction ol attiie which would induce in a spciulativi cut ii tin belief that some internal linne had caused their waists to glitte), md that the nbs had nil inn down into a hump »v hit li piotmdis behind undei the vv ustband This appi ni ance is, 1 think, a fiction, and foi my opinion I have newspaper autho- rity In the papéis it was »»r ii ten one day last yeal that the hump alluded to w is tested »vilh a pin upon the person ot a lady coming from the isle ol Man uni it was found not to be stnsiti»« B-nndy ixuded fiom the wound for in that ease the piojection was a bladdei m windi the prudent housewife vv is smuggling comfort in a quiet way The touch of a pin (hanget ill into discomloit, when she lound that slu was converted into a peri- patetic wateiing-cnn,-brandymg- can, I should ha»e said Your daughter comes down stan s dressed with n bouquet, nt a time when the dull seek - ot Health and Stiength would lune hu ) go up stans with a bed (andlcstnk "i oin guests an i» e Young 11 lit s thinly elad and p teked in caimges cmeigc li ii! stifled, put a cold foot.ptotci ted b» a filmy shoe, upon the pivcmcnt, md run sin»cling into youl house Well, sir, well wann them presentí» But stiller meto lci»c you now while you icccne y oui guest 1 kno»v a Phyllis, fi es1»fion» tin country who gets up nt six and goes to bed nt fen, who knows no pel fume but n flow oi garde ti , and has worn no bandage to her waist, ex- cept a sash »She is now in Loudon, and desires to do as othcis do She is invited to your party, but is not yet come , it may be »»oil for mc to call upon lur A% liv, in the name of Nc»vgate, »»hat is going on t .She is shrieking "imirdei '" on the second (loor Up to the icscue' A jndinoiis maid directs me to the dutwing-iooin " it's only Mi«sa-tryii)g on her stays" Ileic we aie sir, Phillis and I-You find the room oppressive-'lis the perfume, Phyllis-willi foul air < ah, y on nice count i» nose detects it, yes, then n foul air, not nasty, of coime, my de ir, mixed as it is hen with I ui-de- Cologiie ami pitchoult Bills arc not nasty, sugared A gi un or two of arsenic m cadi, might be not (pille exnttlv neutralised bv sugti , but time is nothing tile f nth in a good digestion Y\ hy do the g nth - men end ile the labes, ami spin about the room with them lil e teetotums Ob, l'hvHis' Phyllis' let me w dt/ with »on linn, do von not set how it is t Emit nie you-giddy-will you lull P An ice will utii li you Spasms ne t! Phyllis let mc tal c you home îvow, then, MI, Bli»His Ins been put to bed, allow nu to thuin a polia with »our dnughtci Brail, di gant ere iture (hat she is' A gla's of »vine,- i mat troon , {.odd Sont i_', y i -., rod that ilcai no» ti 1 hat w is t dcbghllul dam , now li t us pio- lín n nie Hie loom is dose, u glu-s if wini, in in, and let ii gil to the dein oin di night in the IOII-ICI » itoi », or b» tint dooi Is it not lie mtiliil .* Hu ii(xt nu,dillie-1 look sbK at my watch, and Aubu s gtun dioiiis i unibles within mc, 1 I UKI n limit ' I mi i nimmt'' Aiiotlu r dante How fond--In cum to lu ol ma- caroons Suppei My iii ti MI, T will take good can of your diughtir Oin s md»» ic h C li imp igne I ipscy - cake Brandy -du mes (»lass of wine A mucnioon J nile aTcll» t hamp igne Cus tai d Mat at oon, J he lulus an being taken can of-vi«, no»v III then nhst net »ve will dunk tin ii health and »»ml at tmh othn the ii- and oin Bad Iii dths 'Jins is tin happiest moment oi our b»cs,nt two in the men nmg, willi a dose oi indi 41 st um 111 tit stoin lehs, and thru hours mon to (omi bifoii »vc git to b d You, m» di ir sir, hope that on man» oeea ions bl 1 the prismt »on may FCC »oin linnds ni mind you, hoking as glass»-eyed as you have muli tin 111 to look now "We »»ill njoui the Indus Nothing but riiampagne could hn»c e M d us to knp up the evening so will \\\r «ni gi Itingvvi my bclou Mtppir-but wollan liiul some »»nu , hu» ( dug tin spin intooui side, and mi »»1 goagaui Atltngth c\cn tin b idle stimulait s oin suits and worii-oit 1 onipan» no 111 in, ami then wi siimitli (itioilin^ht, dmr su, wi han spmt n Vii» Bli asant Evening undi r y our roof lo-moriow, winn yon depirt fiom n late Ins ti In ',1m» ni' MUÍ »oin daughtt 1 t (1111, and lu 1 boil d-iiuik tri I tye, 1 oowing that yotn vv is and that »our sim has just ginn out foi soda water, von will fid »oinad( to In n Bilton who has dom his linly, am in who has paul s um thin,. 111 iieoiuit ol Ins trott dht to uiili/id MU it t» i»ii»Mii»i»iii*«i«»»»»»s»«****aMi*Mi'a*s»i«nîia«!-'-'-' The circumstance of »Sheridan's »veil known duri having been misrepresented \- he came lo town, resolved to set lh( Butish public lo righi, and ns I'erry, the rd lor of t'e Morning Chronicle, wai hit friend, he resolved to do so through the channel of that papu. It '/ »»as agreed bett-, ven them that Sheridan under a fictitious nnmi*, should write n history of the affair ns it had been mis . rrpirsrnlcd, and Ihat he should subse- quently reply to it in his own name, giving the facts of tho case. The firm i part li» nccompllsl ed, and there np i praird in ihr Chronicle a hitler ntticle npainst him, »»ritten, in fact, hy h tin i self; butln; could inver fiud time to write Die nnswir. ' Thr Medical Time* ridicules Hie . disciple« of the Liverpool clairvoyant». , ' If.' it says, . people will persist in he i Itevinn such lining» after the cxposutus ? which have hern made, »»e carnot help ; it. It has ever bren the hiitoiy of the 'J »»mid-knaves md dupes. Without » the latter, the former »vould emu lo j exist ; and front their success the num 11 her of the myitifird mint be'prodigious.' The American Cock Lane Ghost. - The Buffalo courier, in an article upon ' the Rochester knockings, publishes the following, and vouches for its truth:- " A young man called, a day or two since, upon the ladies in whose keeping are the Rochester Spirits. His bearing was sad, and his voice was tremulous with emotion. Sorrow was in his count- tenance, and a weed was on his hat. He sighed as he took a seat, and the by- standers pitied him as they saw him draw forth a spotless handkerchief and wipe away a tear that gathered in his eye. After a few moments of silt nee, he took one of the ladies aside, and requested, if co sisteul, to be put lu communie allon »vith ihe spiritual essence of his mother, and bete he »»lped his eyes rapidly, .nut sobbed A period of quiet elap ed, ami i knock »»as heaid, signifying thai the desited (orrespoodence could be had, and with a hesitating voice the *>oiung man | comtnenci d questioning the invMib'e one ' How long bid I gone hi lote you dutd V I A lentrth of time was silted ' When are you now, mother'' Air you happy*' Hie knocking indicated lh-1 the spit U »» is at rest ' Are those of your ftuuds tv ho line gone befóte »» it h vou1' ' I hey are,' sud Ihe knocking ' Tin n you eui recognise them perfectly *?' The noise certihed Ihe affirmative ' Can you see nie a» nil times »»hen you wish''" The laps proclaimed the perpetual cleanics of the shaker's v sion in that resprci Ti e p-entlfinin seemed relieved, and the sped J loi s stocd oven» helmed with »»un- der Taking his hat, the mourner arose, thanked the ladies, and as he stood in the door quietly reniaiked, ' 1 hue been »ery much entertained, as nu doubt my mother herself will he, for 1 left her at home not half an huur since, basting a turkey for dinner.' " "Do»»N-])EnaY Down" «nu "! SALAIUFS -" Cut your co it accord ii your cloth," says the oil adage, " Cut your salaries according to corn," is the présent cry of the Pn tionists Mr Henley proposes to pi Judge and all other public function on a scale to be nnul lied by tlie pn »»heit, so that »»hen tin firmer is gel so much a quarter less for his »vhe.at Judges »»ill be getting so ninth a qui less for his salary '1 he Math J une pii\s »vill he eagerly taken in and pei at nil the C-overnmrnt offices, an ' dignitaries of Hie judicial I« nth, be proceeding to sit io Wtstmtnslir I »»ill run round to Muk lane toascet the market »allic of their «-enids »\ wheat is low, their Lordships will evidente of the fact by then rye fi and if, on the contray.oits «limli looking up, the Coulls would hisic in su tish ne refit ctcd from the stnilti g f peeriuc, abo.«, the tumut mi an from Danl/ic »»ill cloud with woe features of the Exclitqiier Barons, \» a large importation from Odessa cloud the benevolent brows of the J ni of the Queen's Bench, and tin duri Chancery We cannot say we admire »» lsdom of ihe proposition to pul a J ud leal nmg, impartiality, and distrei into one scale, and a sack of com into other , nor do we think their Lordsl ought to be ground down willi the vi h oals, and harley, tint may In ihn upon the hands of T 'ers.orsacriti ata low figure Let us, b« all uiei treat sinecutes in every icsprct as »»onId com, by cutting down, thnsh out, or winnowing away the chaff, to ni ike a s'ldiug scale of remnnent for the public services, ably mid cons etiliously performed, is au ix|inin alike difficult lu practice, and tonten tibie ni principle -J'unr/i Ihe Flemish twins have lately d exhausltd by niarasm s Hie nuioj showed, that as Dr Vtrlialgh* I sta'td dur ng their life, the two | e lotienl ca»ittt 3 communicated , so, al ihe lnrrs were found unit d hy avp»c of prolongation from their middle lok which was about half nn inch in thic ness, lins»» is the oui v cunio ti n it non of the abdominal viscères, hut sullic eut to negative complet« ly t idtaof an opt talion for the se» er ce such U» i s - Medical Tuna. ' I teniemb r,' sayi Mr Copela (lecturing before the 1 o al Dubl ', -t'y on lob co,) 'ultu I »»is qu ?»ming, «t nig a fine print, bj one oft old ma ters, of a buri) Hu chum lorngnig in a capacious arm-cha bim» ng a cloud from h s helo»td ])i| Undcruc iib was li e motto Glona mun fituius I ask d my felhtr »vlnat meant. 'Why,' said he, ' it Ins ti meanings, first, 'the g o-y of the »»or is smoke,' md, se-ond, ' smoking the qlei / the u olid ' ' home hticklaye s rcpairi g a a hou al Kingstoti-on-'l barnes, the other da met »»iib aiomnuce A window opeu< above their hi ails, a female head was jin trudid, and a story told to tin effett th the lady had bien shut up in solttai confi t nuit md tr ated as a lunatic f years She was rescued, the magistnti wert consulted, and an inquiry is goin on. A worthy Benedict, residing at Pre tin, long suspicious that his 'bet' half' had a predilection for ' stron wattrs,' and obst rung he- pla^-c a ho ti 11 the tuphoitd , in ordir to disappoii her, emptied the conten s into a glass and quilliJ t'em off. The expedí n dur wastnrp ntinr. General Iiylor ne\cr chevrd lohacc -in vi r draak au) rum -in »cr smoki a c »ar - m\er rived any in in a cen - mur wai sunl , never sued an) mi hi i self- inver »»ns dunnid , neu dünnt d any hodv-never lost a battit an ! n-vrr surriiidcrcd Re i nilly i ti nth tuan »»is arc isti ly i ft male »igriut, winn lie n (In lint In ni »cr f,tvc to btgpars in lb sited " If I kin»» winn* your lionou linn! ' qnttïy rrsp nul il llu woman " 1 ii lu ( illili)' ii yoiii I ouse, and the I \li nildn t ait i Jil ililli y mr au ungi nu i h ' ' In a ceitatn henighlcd part of Ih country may he su n on the outside of i small iottaL,i the following inscription li larg! eilt. Idlers -" A Seminary fo luting Indies " This was, perhaps, toi abstruse for the »illao/r«, as iinmeiliatel» underneath there is added in rude tha rntti rs,-" Notty Beney- Alho a Gall. Skoul." Amongst the weekly and rii»t»r pipin dating atiUtt'dt ni to the Pvblu J alger wc find some curious titles, linn w< line under date 1765, the World, tin Dud, Man, Old Maid, and Moutoi Ir, 1750, ticho field a Middini ich Joui mil, Tal. I'ratir, ( on-ti it, Humanist lu 1757, f'tn (mci, ( 'iah 'I in In 1751), the B mj Hotly \- II ml'\ J'mu Iii Enlate " I« your horne fal t"' Inquirid a Ver- mont hurst dealer. ' Iii ni» all creation.' 'God lottoml' 'lie's all bottom. Why 1 dro»c h ni e> far o i di) that it took tun days to ¡jet bun bick iiL.itn.' AMKUIOAN IMW. ~ An cJitoi awa) down east, who timed four da)s on a jury, says he is so full of law ihat it is ' hard »vorlc for linn to keep fiom cheat 1 lug somebody. Tur AUSTR »ii »N COLONIES »M> Timm NFW CossTimiox-Tin House ol io. ora utilise muli» is a ftct, just as mm li HF tin Minindi» Hine is an heuditaty Sovu i^u mid then me heiulitnry lcgu latois Se »ti d litmdud men,gmtially ol cuti we lilli and noble descent, ol the night st social position, and totnuitcdto ¿ulm by domistie mid political tus for m m» 0t nuntiotis, conjoint!» possess hy tim law of flit 1 inda thud »oite»vitlrthe Sovc l i^n and tin lcpicciitutnis ol the peoph in tin mal m,, ot oui lnws Hint ism, Midi fact noi tip taludo»» ol such a (mt, m the cdoui s lhere is liettliu a King noi » Pccuure in New South "Wale« mid vic ( uini t "m it uthei, iinlc-j »ve ndo]it Mr Bimi is Io»nl but haziiulons suggestion nnil sen lontol our »omi ' Pi meei to lound ni Vusti dun d> mist» nothing lins been ]iioj o cd, mildil, that would nt all usciii bk inn own House ot 1 ouls \tt clcitnc Chu uhii, with higlitr qimlilic niions, would b n bille ustmhlnmt to an hcrtdilniy picin'e, noi »voull a Chnulti ot hit. n munee-, mut h less a Clninibci tompoaeii ni ollncis ol State AMuit othti matinal* nu then * Loid Monte»gie will no1 ad- mit Iii u nu norn itcii ils to be found, but. he is (ontint with i dosing to make the nlimsston, and does not ventmcto justify his n fus ti bv pointing out the nuteiinls L nd St nth» foi beni s to speak positively on the point , lie tianicd the single Cham bu ol New South Wales, anti is not pre pmed to say tin time isuimcwhetiitsliould gin pi ne to two As ri gin ils tin othir Atisttaluin uiloniis, it is disn tblc, he says, that the» should pass tin ough the sann pioccss us îscvv South A\ ales has under gc, in On the »» huh, tin i efoi c, the British House ot 1 oui-, loi want of ucognismg nnv d iss m Ihe Austi tbaii colonies like it*-ill, is nn lei tin niusail» ol sanetiunng n nieiiaiiu win h dois some vmlcnct to ins) in at K pi i indi t» A\ c believe it to b mt »i aile W ith the »uy bet inten- tions it is impi ssible to ni ike the colonies lilt tin mothei coiintiy Hie («oiciiim nth his Stafi is the tim lolomd Hou e of Loi d'» 'ii*- inlluuuc and lus veto n pre- sent ils so id position, and its voice ni the 1 eg si it nu Appiucntl» genei attona must pits lit lou theic will be litiniliis of fimh wealth and po itum suth stupes fnd suth hoiumts is »nil ton ututc apiti age strong (Hough to ((intend su«et dully against a ct 1 mia! demociacy -'lime lui Vri ni rom Is i »»si »i nts-lam so put to it for something *o snv tlmt I v nulli make a mernot midiim o( the most nilli ii ii le In lint mulei be invented hi a A i minti ss Dow ngei us the old Ditches* ot Bull md duswhui she n fold of soma iiini. ( isinill», ' I my, diild, stip into the next t (otu mid set tint dow ii " I mel Malani1 siys 1 ndy Lue», " it um I be tuic' '('l,no m it tel, iluhl, it »»ill do lo news into the toiintiv next post - JI n act ]] nip iii Hie .Sim sly s that it is curri ntly ru- moured that the Carbst iluef, C direr i, now u silling in London, has succeeded in ob- taining tin hand of i lad» ol immense fortune, and that he is going forthwith to the noi til of Spun, to uiisi the standard of re» oit an 1 once mou cndcaiour to place what the Culist party term, tim Ii gil unite hi until ol tin house of Bour- bon on the thront 1 he lady is sind to be (oiincctcd »»ith one of tin lnrgist »»mi o USls m tin cit» A Bins »»utcr states that the Dome- tt ushavi hit upon anew »ray ot demon a« ti/mg the nun» AA hen a man is di inn fir a sddurhe inn bl iru it lu will find i ipiiqhant Young Demo its are readily Im 1 t lull the jin ?* of ordininy sub ilutes , md onie in ihe inn», thtv pro ingntt tiutrideis Jins is milln nu I in n cut ni n cftlu MuusUr of A\ nr 'Hie lohn Bull mntruchcts, ' in tin mist positiv i terms, u linnnur htdy nine lit tint tie ) lading of the \th imisi in tru d liad bei nth lontmiiedbv Pov d coiiini nul in her Map st »s ihnpil V muí ii eonlr uh lu ii is olh red in reltr inrcto the riiinoiin I resignation ol the Prim e of AY ah s tutor, etc Mr Huiry "W iKoii, nnother A\tsh»an loc al pic idici in M m lu stci, lias b tn ix p II 1 ila s « itty ! n t iking j art m a rtloim me ting li 11 in the Ire -trade Hill I xpul nuis lui símil ir nr Is arc ri poitul horn many otliu d tnets Hit vv if of tin Aiehiluki I din of Ans tit late »i i ol tin un] ne, has li in i ni 1 to (lit rank ol mint "S 1 1 titra ] iii nt Slit is tin einteiltet oin cotintr» post mi ter, and till now wint lia tin name ol the Bai mu s Bi uidhof ifi r piisent title is the («outcss Al r in " Wrhat do you ask a» a salary ? ' said an American hotel kpepi r to a young man »vhom he proposed to i nuage lo attend his bar " fi»e dollar» i er wetk, with the run of the till, ' he rcpiitd, " or fiftten d illars without '" The Paris correspondent of a Glasgow contemporary states, that provisional lodgings have been taken at Brussels for a large body of Reactionist members who believe the French Government will force on another revolution Mrs -, so bitttrly denounctd in Byron's " Sketch," dad lately al Ihnip lon-»vick, having been bed ndlen for some years Lady Byron and Lady I« »»dice called tit on lu r some 11mc ptc »lously lo t ike a last fauwi II 'Hie Sla»onic peasant i wifi does no1 helie\P herself bl) id by her husband, until he has evint 1 his iffiction hy »iirorous blows freely b stow id up m li r \- Mi mom o) a Hungarian /«rfi/, f/ J/urrsa Puhzhy On May Di), the folio»» mp announce- ment \»M postid on the window of the I billie Iclegtaph office, Stud ¡ iii - "Hu Queen deinered of i prime »t eight B i' morning by elictnc tel» - griph ' Kuinoiirs have been cm rent in Pans of ourltires nindi to Innis \ i| lum to pi ty ton lids 1 lauci the pul Monk pliyul Inn aida I iplaud ni a li) i one I ti mil Mr Wm Wtlker, Miyor of Li îccster, billie, killi li ni by liiore,i IV tin fust dottiim ol be signed after v irtls was as fillmvs -Sir William Walker, ISifilii Mau A boy at school in t'e Wet winn called to rente Ina hssm in li sim), »» is asked . What is the Gi riiiau Diet?' j 1 Sour kroll!, schnupp», und sausages.' A «tilscriplion in favor of Mrs Horatio Ward, Lord Nelson'« df ughter, has been commenced in London under dislingnshed auspice«. One thousand i migrant« arn about lo I e mut out to Hu United Statis (Vom hil« niiilloiknt the ( *epcnnp of the bonni Of gimrduiii". A Oiu»r HrsroNKiniiTY .-1 he »»mu IhniK »»< can si) of the Mi Inquinan Interments Bill is lint ii is a " i'ii.antic undertaking ' - J^ineh Animpumment rocmtlyiidoptid m (ho form limn o( bihks ¡s to shape them co that tiny iloulttil with each othor By this lillians extraordinary strength ti oh« I aim d MKIIIOUIISR -Printed and rnbliiiiiod »t ti» I AiiauH OlTtcc, Oollia* streit, by BPW«I> * V»'uSON nnd JAMB« «TIUVAUT JÍÍHWBTOK, e'oinl Proprietor« 