To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. Gbntlsmbn,-It must be gratifying to all persons of reflection that the most important subject of banking has excited so general a share of attention. One of your correspondents con' enters the discussion has only reached its threshold, and seems to step forward as the advocate of private banks as opposed to Joint Stock establishments, believing, as I do, that favouritism, so often observed in the management of these leviathan banks, is a necessary effect of their very constitution. I quite agree with W. G. P., that if left to ourselves lbs system of private banks would be most likely to secure the suffrages of colonists ; but where are we to find from two to six gentlemen with the inclination and disposable funds requisite for such an undertaking ; but still another difficulty occurs to me our paper currency is really an inconvertible one, although the promissory notes of all the banks stipulate to pay sterling money on demand, yet in practice it is the contrary : let any of your readers, who may doubt the fact, take, say a thousand pounds worth of their notes in his hand to the counter of any of the banks, and ask for the money for them-what answer will he receive? " We do not issue gold, sir, but if you think proper to take silver you can have it. What does this amount to in reality? Does not this answer throw an effectual obstacle in the way of convertibility, the grand and primary quality in a paper currency ? II there is any law under which the holder can demand payment in gold for notes, perhaps your able correspondent Climax will descend from the sublime regions of abstract reasoning and point | it out, but we have yet to learn that there is any real security (such as exists in England, thanks to Sir Robert Peel, for the payment of Bank notes in coin, except the discretion of the Bank managers themselves ; the Legislature surely will look to it in time. If, as one of your correspondents justly calculates, wool and tallow maintain their prices, we are likely to see speculation and over-trading again in the ascendant ; the undue relaxation in the supply of money is too much for human nature to resist, and for the only effectual guarantee against periodical monetary convulsions yrs must look to the Legislature. Tie up the Banks, compel them to keep a reserve of one third of their liabilities in coin, and to redeem their notes in gold, and so speak peace to COBBETTS GHOST'. P.S. I would like to see the Bank Direc- tors tied up also, but in a money sense only. (J. G. MoiiAL Dutt op Life A«slravce.-From the equitable and beneficial principles on which, life assurance societies are established, it u clear that they present to men in the enjoy- ment of income, but possessing little property, a most suitable and favourable means of providing, in a greater or less measure, for the endeared and helpless relatives who may survive them, that only about 80,000 persons in the United Kingdom should have taken advantage of life assurance, being one in sixty two of the supposed number of heads of families surely affords a striking view of, shall we call it, the improvidence of mankind, or shall we not rather designate it as their culpable selfishness r For what is the predicament of that man who, for the gratification of his affections, surrounds himself with a wife and children, and peaceably lives in the enjoyment of these valued blessings , with the knowledge that, ere three months at any time shall have passed, the cessation of his existence may throw wife and children together into a state of destitution' When the case is fully reflected upon, it must certainly appear as one of gross selfishness, notwithstanding that the world has not been accustomed to regard it in that night. It is unquestionably the duty of every man to provide, while he yet lives, for his own ; we would say that it is not more his duty to provide for their daily bread during his life, than it is to provide, as far as he can against their being left penniless in the event of his death. The other day, one of widow B 's admires was complaining of the tooth ache. Mrs B A smart boy immediately spoke up-" Well, sir, why don't you do as she does. She takes her teeth out, and puts 'em back whenever he wants 'em." 