Domestic Intelligence. ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION. This Day: Messrs. Bear and Son—At the Market Yards, at 1 o'clock, Horse Stock of a very useful descrip- tion. Mr. T. Armistrad—On the Ground, three two- storied Houses. near the Buck's Head. Messrs. W. M. Tennent & Co.—At the stores of Mr. C. Smith, Bank Place, at 12 o'clock, Ration Sugar; and at the premises of Mr. M'Manus, Swanston-street, at 1 o'clock, Stock- in- Trade of a Grocer. Mra. W. Easey, at his Mart, at 11 o'clock, a quantity of holloware, cast, shear, and spring steel, and at the stores of Messrs. Bakewell, Market Square, st one o'clock, wool, tallow, and sheepskins. Mr. P. Davis, at the City Mart, Collins-street, at twelve o'clock, without reserve, boot trees, lasts,corkwood, soles &c.; Bookbinding.—Tenders are invited until Saturday, the 19th inst, for the bookbinding required for the service of the Colonial Govern- ment for the current year. Supreme Court.—The criminal sit- tings of the Supreme Court, for the delivery of the Melbourne Gaol, will be held on the 6th February. The first sitting of the Circuit Court, at Geelong, will be held on Wednesday, the 20th of that month. Melboune Gaol.—The following was the state of the Melbourne Gaol, yesterday :— Committed for trial, 18; remanded, 1 ; sentenced to road gang, 15; to hard labour, 40; confines, 24; under sentence, 1; default of bail, 2; total, 131. Launch.—A fine schooner, built by Mr. Kruse, for Captain Cole, will be launched in the course of next week, from the banks of the Yarra, opposite the Wharf. She is about the size of the 'Flying Fish,' and is said, by competent judges, to be an excellent model. Detention of Mails.—The mail of the ' Tamar,' from Adelaide, was taken out of the vessel at Portland Bay by order of tho post office authorities there, and in spite of the remon- strance of the Captain. The consequence was that some days elapsed after the arrival of the vessel here, before her mall reached Melbourne by the overland route. ORPHAN EMIGRATION.—Two hundred and thirty four orphan girls by the 'Diadem,' were landed on Saturday. Judging from appear- ances, they are of a very similar class to previous arrivals of the same description. The Immi- gration agent notifies that they will be open for engagement on and after to day. Mrs. Bridget Kane.—This female attended the police office yesterday, as complain- ant, in a case of assault, preferred by her against a Mr Patrick Sheedy. It had been circulated previously that since her release from gaol, Mrs Kane had become of unsound mind, and her conduct in Court certainly tended to confirm the supposition. Having kissed the Bible half a- dozen times with great fervour, and seeming re- verence, she called upon the " great God and the Holy Virgin Mary'' to witness the truth of what she was going to say, and forthwith launched into a voluble narrative of how she had been kicked and struok by the defendant, and how he had threatened her life, &c.; The defendant denied her statements upon which she called bim 'a liar,' and again appealed to ' the Great God and the Holy Virgin.' She referred several times to the murder of her husband with great coolness, and said that defendant had accused her with being the guilty party, and also with having stolen some apparel from Mr Russell, who happened to be on the Bench. It appears the woman was employed for a few days in washing at Mr Russell's house. Mr Hull, from her excited state, evidently be- lieved that she was not right in her mind, and having hinted as much, she quickly replied ' my mind ! there's nothing the matter with my mind, if yours was only as well as mine you would be all right.'' Mr Hull settled the case by dis- missing the complaint, and giving orders to the Constabulary to take care that the woman was not insulted, and did not do herself an injury. To this she replied, with an emphasis, she should never do herself' an injury; there was no fear of that. When told that the case was dismissed, she asked, " is that all the justice I am to get here ?" and burst into laughter. During the rest of the day she continued loitering about the Police Office in search of "justice." Death from Drowning.— A child was accidentally drowned yesterday, at Solomon's Ford. An inquestwill be held to day. How to Make a Good Cup of Tea.— M. Soyer recommends that, before pouring in any water, the teapot, with the tea in it, shall be placed in the oven till hot, or heated by means of a spirit lamp, or in front of the fire, (not too close, of course,) and the pot then filled with boiling water. The result, he says, will be, in about a minute, a most delicious cup of tea, much superior to that done in the ordinary way. The Forged Petition.—The Colonist has apparently forgotten all about this interesting document, aud no more is heard of his high sound- ing challenge to the Argus. We have all seen the Circus Clown, after great preparations for a flying leap, quietly accomplish the feat by slipping under the horse's belly: is there any resemblance? — Geelong Advertiser. COUNTERFEIT SOVEREIGNS.— Counter- feit sovereigns are in circulation and shopkeepers should be on their guard. Yesterday evening, a lad went into the Bush Inn, and called [or change of a sovereign which was soon discovered to be merely an imitation. It appears he had been in- duced by some person outside to tender the fic- titious coin, but the guilty party made off when he observed that the fraud was discovered. READY RECKONING.—An amusing instance of the blunders which the shrewdest of men are liable to commit occurred yesterday. A man was suing his employer at the police office for wages, and the msster claimed as part of a set off a quarter of a pound of tobacco for each week the servant had been in his employ. Upon questioning the servant he admitted having re- ceived the tobacco, and that he had been eight weeks in the service. Then said Mr. Hull, there will be set off a quarter of a pound of tobacco per week for eight weeks, well, that's four pounds. No objection was made to this calculation, and when Mr Hull enquired from the defendant what he intended to charge for the tobacco, he said ten shilling's, which Mr Hull whispered to his brother magistrates was very moderate, as he was going to allow him twenty shillings. It was evi- dent that Mr Hull, up to the close of the case, had no1 discovered his error in making eight quarters into four pounds. South Australia.—The ' Minerva' brings Adelaide papers to the 9th inst. Sir H. F. Young, the Lieutenant-Governor had left Ade- laide by the 'Yatala,' government schooner, on a trip to Rivoli and Guichen Bays.—A Gas Com- pany was said to be in the course of formation in Adelaide.—The ' Brightman,' now on her way from Adelaide to this port, brings a worthy re- joicing in the name of " Edison Spencer Douglas Groves,"' in the capacity of Surgeon Superin- tendent, who seems to have been carrying on at a great rate in Adelaide; he was had up at the police office for drunkenness and wrote a blasphe- mous letter to one of the Adelaide journals in which among other appellations he styled himself ' God the Holy Ghost, or Christ 2nd." It is only charity to suppose that he must have been either' mad or drunk when he penned such an epistle. The Crops.—The wheat crops on the Sydney road, especially upon the Glenroy estate, are looking well ; and upon Mr Cameron's farm we observed upwards of twenty reapers, who ap- pear to do their work in a masterly manner. Some very fine wheat, of the velvet kind, has lately been introduced and grown by this gentleman, who has nearly 200 acres; some of the ears measure five inches in length, well filled, but short in the straw, the brightest sample we have yet seen. There are not so many complaints about smut, as was ex- pected although may of the old farms are really very dirty. It is a pleasure to observe, especially among the Scoth farmers the essential introduc- tion of fallowing their ground—the only mode of destroying those objectionables which rich soil is subject to. The price generally given, this year, is 10s. per acre, for reaping, and no grog. The oats, barley, and hay crops have nearly all been got in, and that too in excellent condition.—Com- municated. Mr. Stuart Wortley's Marriage Bill.—The Nonconformist gives the following extract from a letter from Mr. Stuart Wortley, on his Marriage Bill:—-"It is my intention to re- introduce the bill to which you refer at the begin- ning of the session, and to press it through the House of Commons, if possible, before Easter. In the House of Lords, I regret to have to anti- cipate a very formidable opposition; and, there- fore, it is very important that those who have an interest in the question should spare no exertion to influence public opinion, and, through the force of public opinion to sway the decision of the Lords. Hitherto, I confess that I have been dis- appointed at the absence of anything like a syste- matic suppport from the Dissenters; for though an important petition was presented by Mr C. Lushington, signed by 108 of the principal minis- ters of dissenting congregations, no general move- ment has been made; and yet, considering the high ground of church authority and canonical decision which was taken by the opponents of the Marriage Bill, the question really becomes one of religioius liberty. If the organization of the dissenting bodies could be used for procuring petitions, it would, in my judgement, be of im- mense value, for, though there will be a consider- able majority in the House of Commons in favour of the bill, there will, unless some new impulse be given, be little chance of success in the House of Lords, and it is not a subject on which it is easy to keep up any strong public feeling. On the other hand, I believe the petitions of the opponents to be nearly exhausted." THE FUTURE FATE OF THE NEW ZEALANDERS.—The future fate of the New Zealanders is a question fraught with interest. Will they, like other savage races, be swept away before the monopolising progress and hostility of the white man ; or will his humane policy for their welfare, aided by their own superior nature, ensure the preservation of the race? The New Zealander is naturally passionate and capricious, but not sselfish; he has warm affections, is acute, eager to learn, and for a savage, not averse from labour. These last two qualities, as capable of influencing his fate for good are inestimable and, if properly encouraged may save the race ; but true it is, that the remarkable fitness of this people for civilisation has been neutralised, in some measure, by the effects of their misgovern- ment. In our further efforts to promote their welfare, we should, I think, first establish our supremacy over those immediately connected with the various settlements, leaving the more distant tribes entirely to their own ways and means, to the insecurity and physical suffering incident to savage life. This accomplished, the first, ruled as children, kindly, but with firmness, being as before remarked, desirous to learn and not averse to labour, would soon so improve their condition as to become objects of envy and admiration to the outside tribes, who courting the power which had so advancrd their fellows, would be anxious to attract European settlements among themselves. Thus, perhaps, their entire civilisa- tion might be effected ; and their partial amalgam- ation, following as a consequence, would form an ' Anglo New Zealand' race, which physically at least would vie with any in the world.—Hurst- house's Account of New Plymouth. Ration Sugar.—Messrs. W. M. Ten- nent .& Co will dispose of a choice lot of the above at the stores of Charles Smith, Esq. The attention of settlers and grocers is requested to this sale. Horses.—We are requested to call attention to the sale of horse stock, to take place this day at the Market Yards, by Messrs. Bear and Son. Sale of Holloware, Steel, &c.;—We are requested to draw the attention of the trade to the extensive sales of the above, which will take place at the Mart of Mr William Easey, this day al 11 o'clock. The attention of the trade is particularly requested. Cutting Down Trees.—An inform- ation against James Nicholas, for cutting down trees within the five mile boundary, was heard on Tuesday, and resulted in the infliction of a penalty of one pound, with sixteen shillings and six pence costs, or in default fourteen days im- prisonment. Stabbing.—Some eighteen months ago a man named Mullins was sentenced for five years to the roads for having stabbed a man on the head, at the Governor Arthur public house. He was sent to Cockatoo Island, and recently ap- pealed to the Governor for a mitigation of sen- tence, but reference having been made to Mel- bourne the application was refused. Since the conviction of the prisoner his wife has been sen- tenced to imprisonment for a similar offence com- mitted at Geelong. The Robbery at Mr. Thomas's. Yesterday the Mayor and Mr. Sturt concluded the examinations in this case, which have been from the commencement conducted in private. The investigation resulted in the committal of Gaitskill, and a young man named Charles Heath, formerly bar man at the Governor Arthur. No doubt there may have been sufficient reason for conducting the examinations in private and there is no doubt of the power of magistrates to do so if they choose, but we are informed that this is the first instance here of prisoners having been com- mitted without a public hearing. The prisoner Heath made a statement before he was committed declaring his innocence, and his determination, rather than submit to be sacrificed to "tell all about it." Although this expression of itself implicates him in a guilty knowledge, it is still believed that the other thieves may be brought to justice, through the revelations already made. According to Heath's statement, he was in Gaitskill's shop, when four men came in with the watches in a handkerchief, and Gaitskill con- sented to purchase them for £20, which he paid by four £1 notes, £1 in silver, and gave a promissory note for £15. The men took a note, and five shillings each, and by some singular coin- cidence, before the police had suspicion that Gaitskill was concerned in the matter, they ap- prehended a man as a vagrant, and found on his person this particular note of hand, but not imagining that it had any connection with a rob- bery, they returned it to the man, who lhas since disappeared. There were altogether ten watches, seven siIver, and three gold. A Scene.— A pugilistic encounter took place in the French Chamber, on Friday afternoon, August 9th. M. Berryer, as reporter of the committee on the sinking fund, had read his report of that estiblishment, and was followed by the reporter of the committee on the High Court of Justice for the trial of the prisoners in- culpated in the 13th June affair—" Why is this persecution ?" cried several voices. " Why did you get up the 13th June riots?'' quoth M Dupin. Meantime Prince Pierre Bonaparte, the father of the Prince of Canino, having some dispute with an old deputy, M Gastier, told him he was an imbecile, and boxed bim soundly on the ears before the whole house. Then arose a scene of clamour and confusion such as was never seen even in this centre of civilization. A young deputy exclaimed, "You are a coward and I am your man.'' The President put on his hat, and all rushed to the scene of conflict. Meantime Prince Pierre left the Chamber, and water having been brought in, M Gastier washed his wounded face, and the President consulted the Chamber as to whether they would not decree the temporary exclusion of the Prince. Shortly after the Prince returned and said that he asked pardon of the Chamber for his violence, but that the provocation he had received was of so galling a nature that he could not restrain himself, and he then begged that the matter might remain a personal affair. M. Gastier said he had offered no provocation, and the President, by virtue of his office, ordered both representatives to leave the Chamber. There arose a great clamour, until at last the ?lame became so tremendous, that the President put on his hat again, and declared the sitting suspended. Times Correspondent. Insolvent Debtors' Court London. In re Charles Throsby.—The case of this insol- vont, who had been an under graduate st Oxford Uuiversity, and which, from the peculiar circum- stances, has attracted public attention, was con- cluded ou Tuesday. Before the vacation a dis- charge was pronounced conditional on the payment of £250, and since then the creditors were offered 7s. in the pound on signing a release, and nearly all, with the exception of some tradesmen at Oxford, had agreed to accept the offer. The opposing creditor, Mr Randall, a hosier at Oxford, was advised by the Court to accept tthe terms proposed, and he had time afforded him to make up his mind on the subject. Nothing hsd, how- ever, been heard as to his ultimate decision, and meantime the insolvent remained in prison.—Mr. Cloke, who appeared for the insolvent, said that he had now been four months in confinement; and called his Honor's attention to the great dis- tinction in the present case between improvi- dence and fraud.—His Honour (the Chief Com- missioner), in concluding the case, expressed his regret that his wishes had not been complied with. He had laboured to benefit both parties. As far as the insolvent and his friends were concerned, the arrrngement proposed was, he thought, a very reasonable one, and he had wished it had been ac- cepted. In this case there was no fraud practised, but still it would be a dangerous practice to hold that where there had been indiscretion, and debt incurred without reasonable means of payment, a party was to go out of the Court " graced" with an immediate discharge. However, the time he had intended to mark the case with had been anti- cipate, he had only to declare the insolvent en- titled to the benefit of the act, and to order him to be discharged forthwith.— Atlas, September 22. 