REMINISCENCES OF A TRAVELLER. BY WILLIAM M. LEGGETT, M. A. BRITISH AMERICA.—(continued) No. IV. "I SAY, Mister," said a rustic, one day, (as I stood rapt in admiration of the scenery around me), "I guess you never see'd any- thing to beat that ere—as Squire John said to the Fox when he shot him atween the eyes—did yer now?" I frankly admitted that the landscape was splendid. "Well," he said, "if you'll jist gee up hill a leetle mite, and then haw to along that ere maple ridge yonder, I'm afeerd yer will git a terrible purty sight surely! Be yer fond o' rasberries?" I answered af- firmatively. "Yer can fill yer belly on 'em, quick sticks," he resumed, "but yer best keep a sharpish look-out for the hornets—as the ewe said to the lamb when the butchers was comin'! A feller feels raathea on comfortablish with lots of them ere chaps a kissin' on him, I tell yer! You'll gene- rally see their mortal big nests hanging on to a bush, about the size of half a bushel basket. Rot the critters!--as Uncle Zeb says when the fleas tuk to bitin' him!" My reader will observe that this sample of conversational beauty is borrowed from the purest rusticity. The English lan- guage is spoken in its purity among the educated classes. Agriculturists often live well, in hand- somely furnished houses, and are very hos- pitable to strangers. When they doff their working garb (which for the most part is tailored in the family out of homespun ma- terials) and appear in their well-made "Sunday clothes," their turn-out of horses, and carriages, ladies and gentlemen, is not to be laughed at. Great decorum usually prevails in their rural churches and chapels; but there are now and then, congregations of self-styled New Lights, that groan, clap their hands, stamp, and scream, in a terrifying manner. I saw one of their preachers officiating without coat vest, or neckerchief—his shirt sleeves were rolled up to the elbow, and his face and neck reeking with perspiration from his violence of voice and action. They have a nondescript mode of pulpit elo- quence, peculiarly their own. It amounts to a strange sort of nasal singing, each ca- dence to which is a convulsive sob. They call this The Sound! and devoutly regard it as a proof of immediate inspiration! The sympathies of the hearers are speedily brought under "the influence." One be- gins to weep, another to shriek, and another to shout "Glory!" while others again fall to the floor in strange spasms. Perhaps one is exhorting here, another praying aloud there, and a half dozen women in the middle, singing all at once— "There's a Reformation coming, For I feel it in my soul." They possess the spirit of discernment, and often, at first sight, pronounce even a stranger—a genuine christian. They are loud in their outcry against bigotry; but themselves, alas! are superlative bigots. Far be it from me to sport with the reli- gious devotion of very illiterate well mean- ing men. I only lament their deplorable ignorance, and the prejudice that precludes the possibility of convincing them of their error. Our world is a curious combination of very queer atoms! I remarked to a fellow- spectator of the above described scene. "It is only the sphere of our infancy," he replied, "and chidren will differ in the selection of playthings!" The people of New Brunswick are cer- tainly more moral and religiously inclined than the masses of England. Great care is observed in the religious tuition of their children, whose doctrinal views very gene- rally sanction hereditary prejudices. One fruitful source of amusement in the country is the frequent occurrence of what are termed "quilting parties." Every girl that is going to get married must luxuriate in a frolic, devoted to the making a prepa- ratory quilt, alias counterpane. The stuff destined for this purpose is lined, and pad- ded, and stretched in a frame: then squares or diamonds, with fanciful devices, are em- broidered upon it, by as many young ladies as can crowd in their arms; so that the whole is completed in very quick time, and the fair owner roguishly complimented with many a sly wish that her dreams may be pleasant under its folds. At length all adjourn in high glee to the tea-table. What a tea-table it is, is'nt it? Why, it fairly groans with the ponderous weight of oceans of tea, and continents and islands of "all sorts o' goodies." Then such eating, and drinking, and joking, and laughing! Did you ever? "I vow that ere feller's tuk down nine cups o' tea, and a whule mountain o' toast, and three or four hills of bread and butter, and a great big plate-full of biscuit, and more than half of a mince-pie, and two ter- rible big hunks of pound-cake besides! And now if he a'nt shovellin his spoon into every single sasser of sweetmeats. My goodies, ony to see him!'' "O, Ike, now a'nt you ashamed of your self?" "No, I ba'nt! Is'nt natur, natur? If you'd bin a choppin in the woods all day, you would'nt be hearty, would yer, Sal? Never mind, my gal; jist you wait till we git to playin ponds (pawns), and if I do'nt pay yer off, it will be a pity!" This witticism is crowned with a special roar of applause,—Miss Sally blushes to the eyes, and Master Isaac begins to have "a sneakin notion arter her,'' that will prob- ably be consummuted, ere long, at the hymeneal altar. It is amusing for the traveller to witness, en passant, the eager curiosity of the people to know, Who he is? what he wants? and whither he is going? When he stops for refreshment at a real country inn, the people of the house are sure to accost him with great familiarity. "What might your name be? How far be yer come? Electioneering, I guess! You must driv a leetle fastish, for that ere horse o' yourn sweats terrible! Ever this ere way afore?" Voluminous remarks and inquiries of this nature will follow you, and the best way is to answer them without hesitation, and try, as the Bluenoses say, to be friendly. In calling for a meal, the landlady is left to serve up whatever ingredients she plea- ses. Good or bad, it is all one price. Liquors are brought in large decanters, in settling for which you have only to state what number of glasses you used, and to pay accordingly. One night, while stopping at Shediac, on the north-east shore, I sauntered forth to listen to the musical soiree of myriads of frogs. Bass, tenor, treble, counter, in all their varieties of note and cadence, were to- gether celebrating the dorsiferous glee of tribes of young mothers. The air was redolent with clover, and the moon and the stars, and the shore and the ocean, with their silvery lights and gradu- ating shades, were blending, as it were, in a picture of enchantment. The world around me was the self-de- clared Temple of Deity, and I read in its almost breathing tablature, the records of his glory! "And I felt such an exquisite wildness of sorrow, As I gazed on the tremulous glow of the deep, That I long'cl to forbid the intrusion of morrow, And stay there for ever to wonder and weep!" * * * * * "By all the muscles, intestines, arteries, veins, nerves, and fat of a City Alderman, this is too bad!" exclaimed a rough voice, emerging from the shadow of a cluster of trees behind me. "There I have been in- fusing my spicy distillation in spirits of wine, and wasting skill, time, and means, in concocting, for your special benefit, such aqua mirabilis as never was known,—and yet you are here frustrating the gracious design, and impregnating your uberous cerebrum with night-dews, in a confab with ghosts and comfortless elves—eh? Come, come! leave nature to consult its own syl- labubs and to lecture the night in the elo- quence of the winds, as it pleases. You and I have tickets of admission elsewhere." "Halloa, Doctor, where did you spring from?" was my startled reply. "Spring from?" said he; "I wish it were from the decumbiture of your Muse, you wandering recusant,--or rather from a prosy post mortem of yourself!" "What in the world is the matter?" "Matter? Purulent matter in the heart of friendship, is matter enough! Matter with you is a mental decadence, that would furnish an excellent subject for the school of Materialists. Why surreptitiously pro- mise to sup with me, and then rhapsodise into this vile seclusion to generate soul for thankless typographers?" "Really, I had forgotten." "Why, you essence of turpitude! why don't you crack your own beautiful bottle with sudden proruption? Do you think that the plea of super-stolidity will save you? But come along, sir; we'll bring your golden dreams to the magnum- virdello." "Why, what are you going to do with me, Doctor?'' "Do with you? Let me see (eyeing my person with the scrutiny of a butcher)— you are hardly edible; besides the company are not of the Anthropophagie! You are more likely to find tumulation under the supper-table than upon it. Our punitory system has a tendency that way. Come on sir!'' So saying, he led me by a tortuous path through the fields to his temporary domi- cile—limping along, as if to reproach me with having withdrawn him from Antiar- thrites less painful than walking. Three agreeable companions awaited us, and a supper that would tempt even a saint to repletion. The oysters were fresh from the worthily-famed Purrier Bed, and more delicious samples an epicure couldn't wish for. The Doctor was delightfully amusing, his new cordial super-excellent, and every- thing else in capital keeping. "Close the doors against all sorts of real or imaginary Larvæ!" he cried, merrily tossing some scores of Havannas on a table. "Kindle, boys, kindle! physically, mentally, poetically kindle!—(Puff)—Smo- king is declarative contentment,—drinking, enunciative pleasure,—and good company, like this, a positive happiness! (Puff, puff.) Why this is the quintessence of luxury.— (Puff, puff, puff.)—A multiscious efferves- cence of mind and spirit that would proselyte a stoic. How long do you Shediac, L--------?" I intimated an intention of leaving in a couple of days, when he laid down his cigar as if thunderstruck. "It is well I am endowed with longani- mity," he remarked, with a very profound shake of the head. "Just draw out that bulletin on paper, and affix your sign- manuol, will you, Mr. Oxymel? I've a pigeon-hole for it in a certain bureau not far from the kingdom of the Gnomes." My peace was made by a provisional compliance with the general wish that I should tarry to witness the "general train- ing" of a gallant battalion of the West- moreland militia, and I tarried accordingly. (To be continued.) 