TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. DIBLE CONTROVERSY. Sta,-In: continuing my strictures on Mr. Mad -den's letter,'I observe he mentions the first printed English edition of the bible of 1487. I confess I cannot find any trace of this edition in history. On referring to Nicholson's British'Encycloptedia' of 1809, I read, after mention being made of Wickliff's version, and the translation said to have been made by J. de Trevisa, that'! the first .printed bible-in our language was that trahslated by. Will. Tindal, assisted by Miles Coverdale, printed abroad in 1526 ;" ant I find that Hartwell Horne, and others, bear testimony to the same fact. I do not feel disposed, in the present in stance, to clash my assertion in direct bpposition to Mr. Madden ; for I think it may not be impro -.bable that some person, or persons, privately re vised WicklilPs translation for their own use : for it' is certain that Wickliff's version had many friends in England, only they might be afraid to make use of it as hte left it, on account of the decree with whiich the Council of Constance, in the year 1415, branded the memory of that good man. If this conjecture should not be deemed satisfactory by Mr. Madden, there is yet another-for it is very possible that this printed edition of 1487 is nothing but a forgery of later times ; and this supposition will not be very startling to those who are at all acqiiainted with the history of those famous Decretal Epistles, and other memorials and acts that were forged in the eighth and ninth centuries, for the 'purpase of aggrandizing the Roman pontiffs, and exalting them above all human authority and ju risdiction. 'Indeed, this supposition of forgery would seem to be borne out by the fact that Henry VII1., in his proclamation of 1530, made no mention of the printed edition of 1487. If such an edition had been printed, Ilenry must have known it-better only lifty-three years after than Mr.Madden can know it nearly 400 years after; and Henry must, have been a fool to pass this edition by in the way he did, when he must have known how serviceable the mention of it would have been to the Romisih cause. But Mr. Madden cannot allow that Henry was a fool, for, according to his own admission, the pope had bestowed upon him the high title of " defender of the faith," on ac count of the able and satisfactory manner in which he wrote in defenbe of the " catholic sacraments." So far, however, was Henry from telling the people that there was a catholic, i. e. universal translation already in .existence, that ihe tried to cajole them to give Tindal's bible up, by the promise that if if should " seem convenient," the Holy Scriptures should be translated into the English tongue, by grcat, learned, and catholic persons. But Mr. Madden inquires if Bishop Tonatall, in accordance with the promise, did not causeacatho lic edition of the bible to be made and printed in 1541 ; and- he cries out shame, shame I on my ignorance, or my suppression of the truth. Now, I have read in Platt's Uiniversal Biogralhy-an excellent::work published;in 1826, with a motto from Pope : " The proper study of mankind is man,"' tliit'. Bisljho Tonstall gave signs of repentance for hlaving burned Tindal's bibles; and tried to repair the mischief he had done 'by revising, in conjunc tion with Archbishop Heath, the very book he had -formerly destroyed :' aid '1 think' there is some truth in this, for I find that William Howitt, a member of the society of friends, and a very excel lent and- impartial writer, in speaking of Bernard Gilpin, says, that when lie became uneasy with the papal dogmas, his uncle Tonstall, then Bishop of Durham, advised him to go abroad for a year or two to converse with the most eminent pro fessors of both faiths , and that when he returned from the continent a decided'protestant, his uncle presented him with the rectory of Easington, and made him Archdeacon of Durham; and that here he continued to0preach and labour under his uncle,' like a' .primitive apostle, until he was pointed out as a-proper victim to that monster of all priestly butchery, the"' bloody Bonner." It is very pro bable, therefore, that the " approved catholic" bibles, of which Mr. Madden enguires, as having been' published in 'the reign of Queen Mary, and in 1538 and 1541, were' simply revisions of that very book which the Romish bishop of London had burned at St. Paul's Cross. We can go, however, to the translators of the Douay, and they will perhaps tell us something about it : they will know the history of their own times better' than Mr. Maddeni. '1 have a Douay Bible now before me,' with annotations by Dr. Challoner ; and the title page says that the Old Testament was first published 'by the 'English College at Douay, A.D. 1609 ; and the New Testa ment by. the English College at Rheims, A.v, 1582. Now this is very plain ; but the Douay translators ldo. ot. say. where, and by whom, their English bible was published before. they published, it. If theyl had done so, they-mighthav'e'given the lieto Dr. Challoner, for lie says it wasjirst published at Rheims and Douay. The original translators, therefore,-must have been ignorant of thie " catho lie edition,"'publshed' by Bishop Tonstall in-1541, or they would certainly have availed themselves df the -previous labors of one, who was " beyondall question one of -the brightest scholars and most amilable .,f men in his time ;'' and especially so, when hle was aided by the equally renowned Arch' bishop Heath. By despising the labors of such men as these, they have brought -ridiculo. and op probrium both upon themselvesand all thpEnglislh catholics. Their work was so imperfect, that the historian, Fuller, called it a translation that needed to be translated; and it has had to undergo such various correctiofs and improvements, that at last the very renderings have been adopted which the Romsanista had stigmatized as heretical." ' Under all these circumstances it would, perhaps, be the wiser and most charitable way for Mr. Madden to admit that the Douay was the first bible it was found ",convenient" to provide for the English Roman catholics ; only, Sir, he must not charge me-*ith leading your readers to infer, that the promise of Henry VII; was tiever carried into effect. I admit that promise was redeemed by the Douay translation. But, Sir, I had almost forgot a very convincing proof that in the reign of Henry VIII., at least, the Romish clergy did not allow the common people to read the bible. When Hugh Latimer became a protestant, Dr. Buckenham, pride of the Black Friars, undertook the task of opposing him openly. He appeared in the pulpit a few Sundays after, and with great pomp and prolixity showed the dangerous tendency of Mr. Latimer's opinions. He particularly inveighed against his heretical notions of having the scriptures in English, laying open the ill effect of such an evil inclination. "If that heresy," said he, " should prevail, we should soon see an end of everything useful among us. The ploughman reading that if he put his hand to the plough, and should happen to look back, he was unfit for the kingdom of God, would soon lay aside his labor : the baker likewise, reading that a little leaven will corrupt the whole lump, would give us very insipid bread i thosimple man likewise, finding himself commanded to pluck out his eyes, in a few years we should have the nation full of blind beggars." I think, Sir, this ought to open both the eyes of all the bakers and simple folk in Launceston, and of every plough man in Van Diemen's Land. SI must now come to the climax, and give a con cluding proof from their own Donay Bible, that even now the Romish clergy are not over fond of the people reading the scriptures for themselves. Tie Latin vulgate is a very ancient translation, and although it has been corrupted in many places by the church of Rome, yet being made from older manuscripts than. any now extant, it sometimes gives the sense of scripture with greater accuracy than the more modern version. There is a reading in the Douay, in 2 Peter, c.i. v. 20, which I like better than the one in our bible. St. Peter tells those to whom lie wrote, that they would do well to attend to the sure word of prophecy, as to a light shining in a dark place; only he charges them to understand this first, that no prophecy of tihe scripture is made by private interpretation ; .i. e. neither Peter, nor any of the other aliostles concocted what they wrote in any council, con clave, or cloister; nor yet did any of the old pro phets do so, for the prophecy came not at any time by the witl of man; but holy men of God spake freely, and independently, as they were inspired by the Holy Ghost. Now the apostle's meaning is, that as the scriptures were not made by any private interpretation, we are not to receive them by any private interpretation : we are to attend to them as they are, as to a light shining in a dark place, and not allow any man to" put it under a bushel." Ah, Sir, the bible is an excellent book. It was given to make men free. It teaches us that in the begitning every man was his own priest: -that Cain and Abel, each for himself, offered his own sacrifice to God. St. Paul says, I speak as •to wise men-to whom God has given sense and understanding-judge ye what I say. But in the Douay' Bible I find a note on the passage, " no .prophecy of the scripture -is made by private in terpretation," which evidently wrests the'apostle's meaning. In this notetthey pretend that the Holy Ghost has been committed to the custody of, the church, i,e. of the popes, and their, conclaves and councils, and that no one is to- interpret - the scriptures but in. submission to their .judgment. Now this is plainly to put the candle under a bushel, in opposition to both Jesus Christ and St. Peter; and if the people are to see no more of it thin the PRIESTS wish to let them, the priests might almost as well keep it to themselves altogether. There has, indeed,avery considerable change taken place 'for the better since Henry the Eighth set forth in his proclamation that it was not -necessary to have the scriptures in the English tongue, and in the hands of the common people; tihe Donsay translation has been omade, and has likewise been corrected, and made more conform able to our authorised version : and as there is no reason to suspect that the church of Roume originally intended to deprive the common people of the- scriptures, we may hope that further improvement will be made. Since lshe first took that false step-no doubt with a good intention- she has made a sad :floundering'in the world : she has been rlihinken with the-blood of the saints, and at last has become a wreck and a scorn in the earth:.yet if some one could only take her by the hand-If that catholic institution, the blhle society, could do it- she might be restored to her primitive state. . TuIosAs ALcocK. July 25. Ju 1'?? . :. , . ... . . . . .. , ?. 