A Night Adventure on the Surry Hüls. [BY SPRINO-HEEL'D JACK.] We ótico know n young gentleman who wi .passionately fond of flo wera. Whether he love -.them for their own sakes, or for tho sake of ar ¿edy elto, we cannot precisely say ; hut ns 1 .wax young and sonsitlve, wo may fairly preeuti that ho loved thom for tho giver's sake. Ho wi of that ambiguous ago usually nllottod to hot lledohoys-that ls to say, he was neither sixtec . nor twenty, nor man noe boy, but an indofinabl hall and half, witti white wool upon his chin an a heart as tender as n full grown caulifiowe: He dwelt in a neat littlo cottage on tho Surr Hilts, environed with " Jessamine," and divide his leisure hours between a nico garden, wit two or threo crooked walks, and a couplo < doxen of disraaUlooking rabbits-digging on -pruning tho ono, and nursing and defending th 'others from the formidable incursions of a io hostile rats. Botweon Jessamine Cottage an tho neighbouring house thora was a largo ston wall, closo to which tho rabbits were locatod i "a hugo cage with a frontispiece Uko a gridiron Upon tho top .of this cago he occasional 1 'scrambled, apparently for tho purposo of enjoy ing a moro extended view of tho surroundin country. At first there was nothing romnrkabl in his doing so ; but by degroos his love of th sublime and boautiful became so strong that h 'was eontlnuatly on the look out. and, whn was most. singular, ho seemed to enjoy th i 'TAMpactnoTft-by night than by day. Ono woul .almost have imagined that he-liad cat's cy o: " 'Twas strange, very strango," and his brother« wno hud por/iapB gone through tho same orden themsslrot and wore consequently wido awak to tito roil state'of affairs, suspected something and at length determined to watch him: i ' Wasn't altogether a fair proceeding on their part -perhaps: but they couldn't help it. Accord jingly thoy stolo out ono Ano night as ho wa .perched upon his cago, and leaning over as fa: as ko could reach, as if in an ecstacy of admira tion. Tho soft murmuring of voicos fioatoi gently on tho balmy zephyr, and their stranges surmises were soon confirmed. 'Twas au atîaii .of tho heart-a tender meeting between tw< doves. What passes on such an occasion shouh be sacred from tho pen of the historian, and wi will not profano its sweetness by committing I to paper. SufBco it to say, 'twas very nice As they parted thore was a »light buzz-it migh Wo bien caused by. tho flying of a bat ; but th< 'listeners laughed. They had once boen youuj .themselves, and they knew * How tempting is tho winning . Of a kiss at love's beginning. Ja short they suspected something, no mattel ?what, Tliey rotirod, however, without givinj any alarm. ' ' Tho next morning Alfred (for that was hit 'name') christened Ono of tho rabbits Alice, aftoi which lie seemed to bo much fondor of it than usual. Ho then went into tho garden and sot tc work 'in good earnest about planting aorao new shrub Which he had procured, nobody knew how. It must havo boen a precious ono, however, for .he soon coverod.it over-lest the sun should hurt it oro it was fairly set in tho ground. Uenoo forth it'grew beautifully, and shared in his affec- tions with the rabbit and the top of tho cago. He Cherished it with 'fond and anxious caro ; watered it. morning, noon, and night; and gloated fondly over its ripening beauties. But, alas ! ono dark night tho-spoiler came, and robbed lt of its yet tondor buds. Who can toll his anguish-ho rofusod to oat Iiis breakfast, and "the hugo tears trickled slowly down'his'fevered chocks. He vowed , vongoanco, and dotormincd to dû or die. Ho rotirod rcguiarly to bod after ' tea, and roso and watched from his lonely win- dow at tho midnight hour. But tho spoiler carno not again, and hi» heart was full oven unto Bad- ness. At length ono stilly night, as the stars wer© 'twinkling :in tho groy vault of heaven, ho perceived a dark object in 'tho mlddlo of his gardon, on tho very spot whore his languishing favorite grew. Ho rubbed his oyes ¡-could it be-yes-by the hokey 'twas ho, tho fell objcot *f- his liato, tho inhuman disturbor of his poaco. II« rosa sternly from his eouoh ('twas noar tho window)-51oliberately cookod Iiis pistol-and descended tho stairs with tho fierce dntormiua <iou of a Bluo Board« 'Twas a torriblo mo- ment. Anothor instaut and perhaps ho might he a murderer : ho trembled at tho idea ; but. vengeance re-anlmatod his flagging resolution. It should nevor bo said of him that ho was an .excoption to tho hereditary heroism of his raco. Besides, hb know that If ho fell tho world would admire him, and that at 'least one puro spirit would mourn over his haploss into, and bedew sus lowly grave with her tears. Again ho ad- vanced-still tho villnin'movod not;-perhaps ghost- and yet-it couldn't be.'for it nada cabbage tr&o; hat on, and ghosts never wore cab tago tree hats, to say nothing of trousers and .greatcoats. It must bo a man-still his sullen sll'n.çe WM Unaccountable, and the dogged im- mobility of his manner, was enough to appal the .stoutest heart. Alfrod felt that it was so, hut **h«t could bb do-to fly wore dishonor. " Vlc T*t oe » gtorloUs death Î" so saying ho screwed .his conrago hp t6 a hundred and sevónty-flve .degrees of Fahrenheit's thermometer, »nil joshed madly nt tho wroteh, exclaiming ' stand, or you perish." The sharp report of o j,l*M instantly followed-and fivo oold loudon v , * {""sod through tho villain's quivering *ratn. Tho hat foll from his head and disclosed -01 horror.-tho tuftod hoad of & broomstick, ?oressed for tho occasion. . ^'iT*! B""od for an instant upon tho work ho nod done, pressed his clammy hand to his throb- bing brow, turnod quickly upon his heel and .tumllod into bod. And so ends my story-it .happened a long, long timo ago-so fat back a» .Xuosday night last. 