The Mysteries of Sydney. Not by the Author of "The Mysteries of Paris," or "The Mysteries of London," but by One of Ourselves. PART II.--CHAPTER XI. SOME PASSAGES IN THE LIFE OF A VAGABOND. (Continued.) "Well, to proceed with my history," said Lipey to young Daylight, as they sat in the cell engaged in manufacturing cabbage-tree hats, "I was now a regular thief. Like a boy standing on the brink of the river afraid to jump in for fear of being drowned, so did I hesitate to plunge into the sea of crime, but when that feel- ing was got over, I became as bold, mad, and reckless as my companions and tutors in guilt. Nay, I may say, without flattering myself (for every one likes to be at the head of his profes- sion), that after Spicy was suddenly removed from this world of trouble, there was not my equal in our school for cunning, hardihood, and desperation. "Poor Spicy!'' muttered Lipey, as the recol- lection of his old pal's untimely end touched some chord in a heart not entirely barren, though choked up with noxious and unhealthy weeds. "Poor Spicy! The world lost a bloomer when they sent you down the ropewalk." "This is how it happened, Daylight," he con- tinued, raising his voice, though still there was a touch of sadness in it--"As we got older, Spicy, the Weasel, and I took to the higher branches of the art as naturally as young ducks to the water. Sneaking and looking after pock- ethandkerchiefs were beneath our notice, and we became burglars. Many a nice job we did in a rare workmanlike manner, and were never de- tected. Our expertness was only equalled by our cunning, but these were surpassed by our luck. Though our persons and occupations were well known to the officers and runners of every police office in London, yet they never could bring a case home to us, however strong their suspicions. But we lost the toss at last, Daylight. We had been pretty busy through the winter, and made up our minds to leave off playing the dangerous game for a time, when one evening Spicy came in hastily to our lodgings and said "Lipey, I've just been put up to a prime job; easy as a glove to do; a rank gift, my pippin. Notwithstandin' we've agreed to cut the screwin and burstin Iine, it vould be a temptin of Pro- vidence to let this here slip by." "Recollect, Spicy," I replied, "the pitcher that goes to the well often gets broken at last." "Them vords is 'strordinary good as provibs, and does werry vell for parsons, old vimmen, and sich fry, but not for leary coves like us.-- It's no use a talkin, Lipey, it must be done; ar- terwards, p'raps ve vill hook it into the country and "Valk on the g-u-reen grass Through the shado-wy gu-r-oves, Among the young lambses Vith the gal vich ve lo-o-oves," as Betsy is always a chantin in my ear. That comes o' being bred among barn- door sawages and sky-blue carriers, as ve calls cows; how- ever, to my thinkin it's shockin ignorance. Guv me the big town and the 'smoke,' Lipey; I were born there, and I means to die there." "Ah! poor fellow," sighed Lipey, and speak- ing episodically, "he died there without mean- ing it, Daylight, and long before his time." Spicy then went on to tell me that the Weasel in his travels had picked up a lad (rather a fast un), who lived with his uncle, a silversmith and jeweller in Hartlett's Buildings, Holborn. He was a man of retired habits, who kept very little company, always went to chapel three times on a Sunday, and to bed at nine o'clock every night. No one slept in the house but the old gentleman and his nephew; and the latter (Soames was his name; I shan't easily forget it); urged by the persuasions of the Weasel agreed to lend him his assistance in despoiling the premises of its valuable property. In the progress of the affair Spicy met young Soames at the White Horse, in Clare Market, a house of call for thieves, and suggested, in order to make it all right, that he should give his uncle a sleeping draught on the following Sunday, when he returned from the performance of his religi- ous duties. Unfortunately for Spicy, the lad adopted the advice. As the scheme was further unfolded to me, it seemed as plain as possible and less hazardous than many in which we had been engaged; but, whether it was that I had determined to abandon my desperate trade for a time, or that some mysterious and incom- prehensible power was at work in my mind to forewarn me, I can't exactly tell, but I never felt so strong a disinclination before to join in an adventure. Nay, I went so far as to use all the arguments that came into my head to deter Spicy and the Weasel from it; but I only got laughed at for my pains, and accused of having turned chicken-hearted. Ridicule, Day- light, is a dangerous weapon and has killed more good resolutions than many of your wiseacres are aware of. It deterred me from offering any further opposition. The whole thing was well planned and boldly executed. Soames after administering the po- tion to his uncle, removed the keys from his bed- chamber, where the old gentleman invariably placed them at night, and admitted Spicy and the Weasel into the shop. Meanwhile I kept watch outside till my confederates gave the signal, that the swag was packed up and ready for removal, when I helped them to carry the valuable burden to a hackney coach, whose driver was one of the right sort, a flash dragsman, whom we always hired on such occasions. We took the load to the well known known fence*, Ikey Solo- mon's, who was then doing a roaring trade and in an hour after the robbery, not a vestige of the property was in our possession. Ikey drove a hard bargain with us, but still we netted £300 by the job. * Mr. Colquhoun in his elaborate work, the Police of London, says--"There are upwards of 1000 receivers of various kinds of stolen goods in the metropolis, and an equal proportion all over the country, who keep open shop for the purpose The next morning we sent Betsy to the Man- sion-House to ascertain if there was any stir about the matter. In a few hours she returned with the intelligence, that the old gentleman on recovering from his stupor, had made his loss known them, and that the affair was placed in the hands of the Forresters, two of the most active and vigilant officers of the metropolis. We then made up our minds to quit London im- mediately. Spicy and the Weasel had settled scores with young Soames, for which purpose they had appointed a meeting with him at the White Horse that night. As the lad had never seen me, we agreed that it was better for me not to show upon the occasion. lt was well that arrangement was come to. Scarcely had Spicy and the Weasel entered thc house when the officers pounced upon them like hawks. They were accompanied by the old gentleman and young Soames; the latter tightly handcuffed, not so much to prevent his escape as to frighten him into a confession of his accomplices. The lad, I was told afterwards, did not want much press- ing on that point; he was more like a ghost than a living mortal, and he pointed out my unfortunate comrades without a moment's hesi- tation. You can form a tolerable guess, Daylight, what followed; they were tried at the Old Bailey and found guilty; but their sentences were widely different. The judge put his black cap on for poor Spicy, on account of his having in- duced Soames to poison his uncle, while the Weasel was doomed to be transported for life. Betsy sat through the whole trial in the gallery, and bore up pretty well till the sentence was passed, when she gave a loud scream and fell down in a fainting fit. They took her out; laid her upon the cold flagging and threw water over her to bring her to, but it would not do, Day- light, the blow was too heavy and too sudden. Some kindly disposed person had her removed to Bartholomew's Hospital; but she was past the power of medicine, she only lingered a few days. The doctors talked ahout convulsions and brain fevers--Daylight, she died of a broken heart. Many a highborn Iady would laugh at the idea of feeling being lodged in the bosom of an humble, fallen girl like Betsy, but very few of them ever exhibited more gen- tleness, meekness, generosity, and fondness than she. Though Spicy often tried her patience hard, and in his drunken moments sometimes spurned her like a dog, she never gave way to revengeful passion, or rebuked him, other than by a look. She was lying in her grave before the bell of St. Sepulchre's Church tolled the death knell of all she had loved in the world. The day before the time appointed for Spicy's execution, I obtained permission to see him; I would fain have been spared the interview; there was already a lump of lead at my heart which weighed me down, and the tidings of which I was to be the hearer made me feel that I should make a very sorry comforter. After communing with myself, however, I thought it best to withhold them from Spicy, and to invent some tale to account for the absence of the un- fortunate girl. Being conducted to the con- demned cell, I found him sitting on the side of the bed with his face buried in his hands. He started up on seeing me, and attempted to whistle one of his old tunes, as if ashamed to be caught showing the white feather; but the sound that issued from his lips was feeble and forced; his countenance had also undergone considerable change, and there was a nervous twitching at the corners of the mouth which clearly shewed that he was suffering intensely. "It's all up, Lipey," he cried in a sort of un- natural tone, caused by the struggle to be lively whilst the fear of death was tugging hard the other way,--"I must swing for it. Vell, vot's the odds--a man must die sometime or other; shoes on or shoes off makes no werry great dif- ference as I sees. Many a better man has done it afore me. But Lipey," said he, lowering his tone to a whisper, "do you think there a'nt half a chance--hey?" I shook my head despondingly. "Vell, I'll die game anyhows. Vy should I snivel ven I've seen the rolls drawed so often. It's all stuff, Lipey, vonce a man makes his mind up to it." He made another attempt at a whistle, and then continued--"There's the Sheriff; who's he, I should like to know, with his gold chain, and the parson vith his vite vig? they're no- body, Lipey. They comes first--then the mob-- gibbet--noose--eight o'clock--on goes the cap-- in goes the head--on goes the parson--down goes the platform--off goes the Spicy kid, gentle squeeze--slight caper--and all is over."* "No awkward feeling at the heart, Spicy?" "None in the least, not as I knows of; vun must lean his head a little on vun side and take it easy. How's Betsy?" The suddenness of this question, when my thoughts were upon something else, made me start and change colour. Spicy instantaneously perceived it. "Vy, they avn't grabbed her, Lipey? There must have been a screw loose, else she'd have been here long afore this." "No, Spicy," I replied quickly, "she's quite out of the reach of all the traps that ever were foaled. She's too ill to come." "Poor gal!" he said in a low tone, "I heerd her a screeching ven--ven--the bigvig sheeted it home to me. Lipey, I don't think I behaved werry vell to that young cretur. It don't show dunghill to confess I feel it now; does it, Lipey?'' Without waiting for my answer he spoke on, "I loved her though I had a queer vay of shewin it at times, and she loved me through ill treat- ment, cruelty, neglect, and crime. I should like to see her to ask her forgiveness; but I 'spose its no go?" "You must give up that hope," I replied sadly enough. "Vell, then, tell her, Lipey, all I've said; and that I only vish I'd been spared to make of purchasing, at an under price, often for a mere trifle, every kind of property brought to them, and this without asking a single question. He further supposes that the property purloined and pilfered in a little way, from almost every house, shop, warehouse, &c.;, in and about the metropolis may amount to about £700,000 a year." This class of receivers rank, for the most part, as respectable tradesmen, and are to- tally distinct from such men as the notorious Ikey Solomons, Dudfield, Guest, cum ceteris paribus whose dealings were of the most exten- sive kind, and whose connection was principally amongst the "out and outers," that is, the able, desperate, and ingenious professors, who disdained to do a dirty action, and undertook none but the heaviest jobs. The same writer also gives the scale of prices which the fences then allowed to the knights of the light finger for their ill- gotten spoil. "The receivers," he writes, "pay to the thieves for swag in the following proportion:-- For silver, four shillings an ounce; but the reason they pay so high for this description of commodity is, the crucible is always ready, and they can immediately after the purchase, sell at the full price, without the slightest hazard of detection. For a chest of slop (tea) £10; but for tip-top slop, they will not hesitate to give £15. For broadie (broad cloth) they pay 10s. a stretch (a yard); and for bull-dogs (lumps of sugar stolen from grocers) half price. The fences always have the ready money about them, and the deal- ing in strictly according to the maxim of 'hon- our amongst thieves.' " * A portion of the above is almost a verbatim conversation between a notorious malefactor, a few hours before he paid the penalty of his crimes upon the gallows, and one of the turnkeys of Newgate. her some--some--some--. D--n it, this vill never do, I'm a gettin soft- hearted. Look arter her, Lipey, and see she don't come to vant or -------." The turnkey entered at this moment, and warned me that the time allowed for my visit had expired. Spicy began his whistle again and assumed a bold air; but the convulsive grasp which he gave my hand at parting convinced me of the terrible struggle which was going on within him; that grasp I shall never forget, Daylight; it felt like--it was a death-clutch. But why dwell longer upon such a theme? The Spicy kid was hanged by the neck. He came up the fatal ladder with a firm step; and though his face was ashy pale, he looked down at the mob with something of his old reckless expression. He nodded to two or three of his familiars, whom he recognised in the crowd; and, as his eye caught mine, the glance which shot from it conveyed this mingled message-- "Farewell, and remember Betsy." As the cap was placed over his face he seemed to summon up all life's energies to die; the rope was ad- justed, the bolt withdrawn, the drop fell, and all was over. The ice becomes harder and more stubborn, as I have heard, after a thaw (I leave that for phi- losophers to determine); but no sooner were my old companions lost to me than my heart closed up. I had now become thoroughly hardened. (To be Continued.) 