MISCELLANEOUS. A Splendid Description. — One Paul Denton, a Methodist Preacher in Texas, advertised a liarbacue, with bettei liquor than was usually furnished. When the people were assembled, a desperado tu tlie crowd cried out — " Air Paul Denton, your riverence has lied. You promised not only good barbacue, hut better liquor. Where is the liquor r" ' There !' answering the Missionary, in tones of thunder, and pointing his motionless finger nt the matchless Double .Spring, gushing - up into two strong columns, with a sound like a a shout of joy from the bosom of the earth. There ! lie repeated with a look terrible as the lightning, while his eneiny actually trembled on his feet ; ' there is the liquor which God the Eternal brews for nil his childre ! ' Not in a simmering still, over smoky fires choked with poisonous gases, and surround, d with the stench of sickening odours and rank corruptions, doth your futlnr in heaven prepare the precious essence of life, the pure cold water But in the green blade and grassy dell, wlteie the red deer wan ders, and the child loves to play, there God brews it ; and dawn in the deepe-t valleys where the fountains murmur and the rills sing ; and high up on the tall moutvain topr, where the native granite glitters like gold in the sun. where the storm-cloud broods and the thunder-storms crash ; and far away out on the wide, wild sea, where the hurricane howlos music, and the big waves roar the chorus, sweeping the march of God — there he brews it, that beverage of life, health-giving watr. And every where it is a thing of beauty ; gleaming in the dew-drop ; singing in the summer rnin ; shining in the ice. gem, till the trees till seem turned into living jewels — spreading a golden veil over tho setting sun, or a white gauze around the midnight moon, sporting in tho cataract; sleeping in tho hail shower; folding its bright curl, tins softly about the winter world ; and weaving the many coloured iris, that seraph's zone of the sky, whose warp is the rain drop of earth, hose wool U the sun beam of huiven all chccksd ovrr with celestial flowers by tlie mystic hand of refraction, fx Li II always it is beautiful — I bat blessed life-water? no poison bubbles on its brink ; its foam brings not madness and murder ; no blood stains its liquid glass ; pale widows and starving orphans weep not burning tears in its depths ; no drun kard's shri-king ghost from tho grave curses in its words of despair I Speak out, my friends ; would you nxchange it for demon's drink, ulcohuol ? A shout, like tho roar of tho tempest, , nnsworml— ' No,' 