POUT PHILLIP. Rev! Dr. Lang.— We are gratified to find that there exists a strong desire in the community for the adoption of some mode of publicly acknowledging the great ser vices the Rev. Dr. Lang has rendered to this community, during his stay in Britain: It was resolved yesterday to present to Dr. Lang a purse of 300 sovereigns, during the stay of the Clifton, and a considerable sum was subscribed with that view in the course of the day. A meeting is convened for two o'clock to- day, at the Mechanics'. Institu tion, for the purpose of determining upon the steps proper to be taken. — Argus. Feb ruary 15. The Gardens.— The late tempestuous weather has made sad havoc amongst the gardens ; several of the trees have had their ? fruit completely shaken off in an unripe state, which will be a sad loss to the owners. We are fearful those men dependent upon such means of industry will smart severely. A very singular effect of the intense heat of one or two days:last week was observable in many of the gardens near town. Apples were literally scorched by the sun, the skin blistered up so far as to force their removal and sale, to prevent the rotting,, which would inevitably ensue.— Argus.Feb. 13. The Wheat Harvest.- — The late :rains have put the farmers to the route, being obliged to open their stacks, and also throw wide the stooks, to prevent the wheat from growing. Thevery sudden transition, and the instantaneous manner in which the rain came down, took them by such surprise as not to give time to guard against-the change. We have often ob-erved the farmers at home, so soon as opportunity serves,, put their corn, be it what it may, into what they call wind cocks, namely, a dray load in each, so that in the event of rain the grain would be secured and dry, thereby avoid ing the injury so frequently sustained from exposure: by. being left, in -the stooks. We observe many of the farmers, especially about the Moonee Ponds, in. a great state of forwardness with their, harvest, and the neat manner displayed in the formation of their stacks and general arrangement, reflects great credit upon the parties, at once stamp ing them as practical men of studied expe rience. The La Rose, Stewardtown,.and Glenroy estates may be justly termed the model farms of the colony, the neat home steads, well arranged gardens, &c;, show ing what indefatigable assiduity and per severance will do, when combined with energy and taste. — : Argus, Feb. 13. Loutit Bay. — Two Lives. Lost — A few days past, two fine lads, sons of Mr. Lindsay, after bathing in the sea, amused themselves by catching flounders, . and unfortunately ventured' upon the quicks, in which they were lost before Captain Lindsay or any of the neighbours could render theirassist ance. — Victoria Colonists ?'?' Perry the Pugilist.— A fighting match has been made in Van Diemen's .Land be tween Perry and another black for £100 aside. — -Argus. .- The Gateshead Observer states that 'an enam oured chambermaid, who had fallen in love with a fellow servant, laid hold of him one fine morning, and broke out into song: — ' As winds the ivy round the tree, As to the crag the moss- patch roots, So cling-s my constant soul to thee, My own ! my beautiful !! my boots J!.'' Guess for Guess.— The 'American peculiarity of guessing and asking questions has been so often shown up, that I have; remarked of late years' that many well-bred Americans hardly ask any qnes tiohs at all, and so conversation flags ; but .when some of our countrymen are. thrown for the first time among those American's who stiUpractise the interrogatory system, they are. rather ' put out.' Thus, a Scotch doctor belonging, to one of the mail steamers, on arriving at Boston, was accosted by an American at the bar of ah hotel with, 'I guess you're a Britisher P' , ' Yes,' '1 guess you be long to the British steamer P' ' Yes.' The American was going on again, when the surly old doctor said, 'Stop ! You've had your two guesses ; I'll have mine. I guess you're a d— — d fool.' Whereupon a row commenced, but it was quieted by the interposition of friends, and the two guessers had then ' a horn' together.— Exploration in British America. ? ? , The editor of an American paper says, he never saw but one ghost, and that was the ghost of a sinner who died, without paying for his paper. ' Twas terrible to look upon !' 