STOPPAGE OF THE CITY WATER. On Saturday morning the watercarriers were unable to obtain their supplies at the old ford, the usual watering place, in consequence of an attempt by the City Commissioners to dam up the stream of the river, by which the water, for the time at least, was rendered foul and muddy. As an effectual mode of calling attention to the fact, and exonerating themselves from th echarge of negli gence, they drew up their water carts to the num ber of about fifty in a row, extending nearly from Hindley-street to thePost Office, with published labels attached, bearing the significant words "NO WATER!!!" The ill-omened array assailed the eyes of Captain Sturt, the Colonial Secretary, as he came into town, who at once communicated with Mr. Porter, Superintendant of Public Works. This worthy functionary consulted Mr Rawnsley, the Deputy Surveyor General, and Captain Sturt who saw his Excellency on the subject. The Governor told the Colonial Secretary that beyond a doubt the citizens must have water, and if the [???] could not obtain it from one part of the river, they must get it from another. The Colonial Secretary re peated this to the Depnty Surveyor General, and desired him to find a place where they could obtain it. The Deputy Surveyor General went down and looked at the river, then communicated with the Superintendent of Public Works, who forthwith be took himself to King William- street, and seeking out two of the water carriers who had spoken to the Colonial Secretary, desired them to follow him, as his Excellency the Governor wished to see them. He led them to a precipitous bank of the river at the back of Government House, then suddenly turn ing, as if the question had for the first time oc curred to him, asked them what they wanted? what was their grievance ? They repeated that they wanted water to supply the town. " Well," cried the Superintendent of Public Works, "can't you get it here?" The watermen very mildly sug gested that the steep bank offered no means of ac cess to the river, unless indeed by capsizing cart and horse into the water together, that furthermore the bottom being soft in that particular place, the whole would be muddy before two or three loads could be taken awav, and lastly that if by any means they could get their horses and carts into the river, they certainly could never get them out again. They asked him, however, if a road could be cut down for them, which would not take his men half-an- hour, in which case they would endeavour to make the best of it. "That's not very likely," said the in dignant officer. "What are we to do, then !" again asked the aquarii. " Oh, I don't know," said the Superintendent of Public Works, and, turning on his heel, left his amazed querists as lone and melan choly as the Trojan ghosts on the banks of the Xanthus. In rallying their energies, they proceeded to explore the river for a considerable distance, but found the only accessible spot near the foot-bridge unavail able, being within the limits of the Government paddock, through which there was no carriage way. The news was circulated in every direction by the contrivance of a mischievous wag who attached one of the large posting-bills to the back of Mr Blyth's gig. The worthy Commissioner drove about the town, the unconscious bearer of evil tidings, announcing, as it appeared, officially, to the thirsty inhabitants the stoppage of their usual supplies. Meanwhile the empty carts remained in gloomy sadness in King William-street, and the citizens began to assemble round them, fearing they should really obtain no water, an inconvenience which would be the more felt, the next day being Sunday. It was reported that Mr Davenport, one of the City Commissioners, had been down to the Ford, and de clared his conviction that that pool of muddy stag nant water by the side of the dam would do per fectly well for the supply of the town. At two o'clock, the crowd had become consider able, and it was determined to choose a chairman, and form it into a meeting. Mr C. S. Hare was elected to the office and mounted, as an appropriate rostrum, one of the empty water tanks, on the vacant acre in front of the Union Bank. At this time the number of persons present must have been from four to five hundred, and the following is a rough sketch of the proceedings : The Chairman said he should best serve the general interests by putting the matter before the meeting in its simplest form : the experience of the men engaged in supplying the town with water showed that the ford from which they had always obtained it was the best place for the purpose, hav ing a firm bed, with no mud to be trodden up by the horses, and supplying something like — though not exactly — pure water. The dam which had been thrown up for the purpose of turning the course of the stream had diverted it from that spot, and, un less it were removed, the men would have no re source, but either to carry muddy water, or put up their horses and leave their customers to supply themselves as they could. No other suitable place could be found, unless at so great a distance as to raise the price of water materially. He was ready to hear the remarks of any who might wish to ad- dress the meeting, reminding them that this was no party question, that all they wanted was the removal of a difficulty, the effect of which every one of them must feel. Mr Charles White moved the first resolution — That the conduct of the City Commissioners, in cut ting off the supply of water at the ford without previous notice, and without providing other means of access to the Torrens, is highly injurious to the citizens of Adelaide. He had never been on a platform before, but as an old water carrier he thought there was no harm in his speaking now. He had taken water for twelve years from the ford, and had examined the river for a long distance both above and below, and found no other place equal to it. It was very ridi- culous, then, that the water should be cut off there, and he thought it ought to be put on again. Let him see the man who could do without water. (Hear, hear.) Well, then, he could tell him there was nothing at the old watering place now but pure mud. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The resolution was seconded by Mr William Cox, another of the trade, and carried by acclamation. Mr Henry Morris moved the next resolution — That unless immediate access be afforded, as here- tofore, the Water Carriers have no other means left than to take their horses out of their carts and proceed home, leaving the citizens to supply themselves the best way they can. This was not what he had intended speaking on though he moved it, as it had been put in his hand. What he wanted was to point out a remedy. If the Government would pass a trough of three by three feet through the embankment, which need not thus be injured, there would be a sufficient supply of pure water for the carts, and the waste water would be useful for the washing of wheels and the like, with out making that foul which was for household use. As the water was now brought round by the head of the dam it wonld not be a running stream, but al ways backing itself up and getting more and more muddy. Mr Richard Hart seconded the resolution. He confirmed the former speaker ; the carriers were not standing still from choice ; at present they could not get pure water ; if they took their cus tomers anything it must be mud instead of water. Carried unanimously. Mr D Fisher (cornfactor) assured the meeting he did not stand up for the purpose of popularity but solely from his having particularly observed the state of the ford, and the works now going on there ; he considered the embankment a complete waste of public money, as the floods we might ex- pect in another month or two would inevitably carry ten times such a thing a way ; the officers of Government were vainly endeavouring to turn a rushing mountain torrent with a paltry sand bank, which the first winter flush would sweep away with it in an instant. It was a useless attempt ; a waste of the funds at their disposal. (A voice in the crowd — It is like stopping the tide at London bridge with a pitchfork. Hear and laughter). He concluded by moving : That it is the opinion of the Meeting that the money expended in making a dam across the Torrens is a waste of public money. Mr Selth, baker, seconded the resolution. He was interested in the object of the meeting, for they could not have pure bread if they had not pure water; he knew as most of the old colonists did, that the water from the Torrens, taken as it was from the stream by the carts, was apt to be gritty at the best of times, and he was often annoyed by complaints that the bread was gritty. (A voice in the crowd — It will be more gritty still with all that sand in it). He had sometimes to use well water, but was mainly dependent on that from the river. He did not know what was to be done on Monday ; he should have no batch. (Another baker — Nor I.) The country bakers would have the best of it on Monday ; there would he a chance for them as they came in with their carts, for he saw no prospect of any bread being made in town; he must tell his customers he had no bread, for he could get no water to make it with; a pretty tale that to tell a hungry man! (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He hoped the water would be put on again as soon as possible. The resolution was put and carried unanimously. The Chairman observed that there had not been very much said; but the little that had been said was to the purpose. It was clear if things went on as they were, they would some of them have any hot rolls for Monday's breakfast; he thought some one should move that the substance of the resolu tions be communicated to the Governor, or, in his absence, to the Colonial Secretary. They had not the best of water at the best of times, and now they were likely to have worse — or none. Mr James Jones moved : That the substance of these resolutions be communi- cated to the Governor, or in his absence to the Colonial Secretary. He, in common with the other water carriers, felt very much annoyed at the obstruction they had ex- perienced. They had strained their nerves to get good water for the town, and were now deprived of the only spot on the river at which it could be obtained. He had told Captain Start that moning [sic] that they did not care for the distance, if they could only get the water pure, and they had been sent by his di- rections to a place behind Government-house; but the banks were impracticable for the carts, the water shallow, and the bottom so soft that it would be muddy directly. The place they had been de- prived of was the best in the river, the bottom was sound and hard so that the water was always clear, the approach was gradual so that their horses could get out easily, for it was a matter of some conse- quence to them, who depended on their horses for their living, not to strain them and unfit them for their work by taking them to a steep place ; and it was the shortest distance from the town which enabled them to supply the inhabitants at the lowest rate. Mr Porter, when he found the place he pointed out would not do, had left them and taken no further trouble about it, and they did not know where to go. As to the water at the ford since the embankment was made, it was not fit for use ; if they took it to the bakers, the bread would be black instead of white and full of sand ; and as to Mr Porter's place, how could they get the horses np a perpendicular bank ? He was sorry not to see a few more influential men at the meeting, the object was theirs as well as the water carriers ; they were seeking no advantage for themselves, asking no advance of price, but simply for the same liberty they had had these last twelve years, that of getting the best water the river could supply for their customers' use ; and it seemed rather un reasonable their customers should not support them, but leave them to fight the battle almost wholly by themselves. He thought great praise was due to Mr Hare and the few other gentlemen who had come forward to lend them their help. Mr Allen seconded the resolution with the fol lowing rider, treating it as a substantial motion ; — And the City Commissioners are hereby voted a nuisance, and this meeting do recommend their speedy dismissal from office. He should not have obtruded himself on the meeting but for the opportunities he had had of witnessing what many of those around him could hardly be suspected of knowing. His business avo cations called him across the Ford most nights in the week at a late hour, and he was consequently fully informed of the City Commissioners' doings. But who were these Commissioners ? First, there was Captain Freeling, who could not build a bridge across the Torrens for less than £25,000, and who, therefore, went and squandered away hundreds and thousands upon the Ford ; a gentleman, moreover, who, the other day, set the members of the Central Road Board at defiance by telling them that, as he had all the responsibility, he would have all the con trol. Who was the next ? Mr. Dutton, who having got the cold shoulder at Government House, during Colonel Gawler's administration, went to England and wrote a book, reflecting severely on him and his administration, particularly in reference to the jail, which was now not large enough for its inmates, and be-praising that tyrant Grey; and yet, who was now throwing away hundreds and thousands of the people's money, upon a useless ford, which he had complained of Colonel Gawler's expending upon a substantial jail. The next upon the list was Mr Davenport, whom they had an opportunity of hear ing telling the story about the Vicar of Wakefield, at the Exchange, the good soul who chose his wife's gown, not for its finery but for its utility. The rest of them might pass, but he could not forbear apply ing the story,and asking for what they were chosen? No one could say that it was for their finery, and he would not insult the meeting by supposing that it was for their utility. As he had before said, he ordinarily passed the Ford at a late hour in the evening, and had been amused at what he witnessed. It had never struck them to commence this ford till April, and it was now all helter-skelter to get it done before the winter rains came down. To accom plish this they had to work night and day, and he would just let them into the secret of the way in which these boobies, the Commissioners — for he could call them nothing else — were squandering their money. On his passing at night, one man was hold ing a torch for another man to see to chop a piece of wood by, whilst a third was bending down, with his head to the ground, to see that the man with the axe struck the blow in the right place ; others were employed in keeping up the fires, so that the pile drivers and laborers might see what they were about; and then there were five or six others with lanterns and torches, on each side of the river, trying to pre vent people from passing, or assisting them in pass ing, and constantly in a state of turmoil with parties in vehicles, who would pass in spite of the posts and rails placed there. But what was the origin of the present meeting, and the grievance of which the parties around him complained ? The water-carriers had hitherto free access to the Ford, but this morn ing the Commissioners had cut off their supply, and they had done it thus. Above at the Government Gardens, and some distance below them, a great deal of earth had been carried away, and the fear was that the water would undermine thc present road to the Ford during the next floods. To prevent this, and perhaps to give the stream a fairer slant to the Ford, they had cut a new channel, almost at right angles with its present course, and had thrown up an embankment of gravel and sand, by which it was this morning forced into its new channel. It re minded him of the Irishman's gun, which was pur posely made to shoot round the corner. The angle was so sharp as to ensure the sweeping away of the embankment by the first freshet that came down. He should not like to use unbecoming, however ap propriate, terms at the meeting, or he would give them the opinion of a Colonial Engineer, to whom Captain Freeling was not fit to hold a candle, on the subject of the embankment, in that Engineer's own words. The Chairman asked for the name, and the ex pressions of the engineer. Mr Allen would give those in private, if asked and would now proceed to that part of the resolu tion which voted the City Commissioners a nuisance, and called on the Governor to remove them from office. They had shown their utter incompetency, and their disposition to squander away the people's money ; but the head and front of their offending was that they were not the servants of the people, but the nominees of the Government. We wanted men of our own choosing, who would do our own bidding, and do it in our own way — and not men who would crawl behind the Governor's chair — syco phantic tools as they were — and take their bidding from him as to how they were to spend the people's money, without so much as consulting their wishes even on the matter of a ford upon which thousands would be expended before it was finished. He would not further detain them but should conclude by moving the resolution. (Loud and continued ap plause, and cries of " Go on.") Mr Isaac Rush seconded the amended motion which was carried unanimously, and three hisses given for the City Commissioners. The Chairman thought this travelling a little away from the object of the meeting, which was only to meet the present difficulty. He observed that the conduct of the watermen was highly credit able to them. They had shown much patience — had used every endeavour to obtain a good supply for the inhabitants, and had not sought so fair an occasion for exacting an increased price. He re commended that the movers and seconders of the resolutions should be appointed a deputation to wait upon the Colonial-Secretary. This was seconded by Dr Hugh Smith and carried unanimously, the names of the Chairman and Dr Smith being added to the list. A vote of thanks was then given to the Chairman and the crowd dispersed. The deputation proceeded immediately to the Government offices, where they were courteously received by Captain Sturt, who said Mr Rawnsley had gone to the river to look ont another place and would again communicate with the water carriers through Mr Porter before long. He acknowledged the importance of the matter, and promised that he would do his best to remove the difficulty. With respect to the City Commissioners he was sure they had not intended to cut off the supply of water, but supposed they had not been aware of the effect of what they were doing : this the deputation admitted was quite likely. He also mentioned that Mr Porter had some time ago offered to make an ap proach to another part of the river, if the watermen would bear half the expanse, which they had de clined doing. It was suggested on the part of the deputation that the watermen having to pay for their licenses, and also being rated householders had a right to expect a suitable road to the river at the city's expense. This the Colonial Secretary would not admit, saying, that like other tradesmen, they must pay for such facilities as their business required. The deputation did not mention to Captain Sturt that the City Commissioners had been voted a nuisance and complimented with three hisses. Nothing was done to remedy the evil on Saturday, and some of the water- carriers, in default of any purer beverage, supplied their customers with the muddy compound from the old watering-place. Yesterday the Government paddock was thrown open, and a way cut to the river by the foot-bridge ; but its steepness prevented its general use, and most of the carts were loaded at the old spot, or from the stream within the embankment. The latter is hardly so black as ink, and with that, we suppose, the citizens who are without wells must bo content for the present. The first floods will clear away the flimsy works, and the river run again in its accustomed channel. The mischief done by the City Commissioners, or their Chairman, will then resolve itself into the waste of a few hundred pounds, and the spreading of their scattered mud wall upon the only spot where the bed of the river was firm and clean. 