vujit' :>'a ghost story. It Is happened that the gentleman from whom Dr. Grindley had the nar rative I am now abont to tell, Coloucl Ainslie by name, was an early com- panion and schoolfellow of Lord Kings- connell, and after having lost sight of him since boyhood, in consequence of the vicissitudes of n military life, had met and renewed the acquaintance with him in Italy. They had been much to- getlier there, and found pleasure in talking over their juvenile days, and in consequence of a pressing invitation to visit him at his own house on his re- 1 turn, Colonel Ainslie arrived there with the intention of remaining some time with his friend, very shortly after Lady Eingsconnell's departure. On his first arrival he was conducted to the room assigned him by a servant, but after passing over a cheerful evening in talk, ing over the reminiscences of the past, i when it was time to retire for the night. Lord Kingsconnel himself accompanied his guest, preceded by the butler carry- ' ing candles, to the door of his apart ment. Only to the door, for although it had apparently been his intention to enter along with him, Colonel Ainslie remarked that as they approached it lie started, turned away almost with it shudder, and, hastily bidding Jiim good night, retreated immediately. . This circumstance made but a momentary impression upon the visitor at the time, though afterwards it was vividly re called to his mind. The apartment was a large and handsome one. but con tained nothing to render it in auv way " striking. Agood fire was blazing in the grate, and Colonel Ainslie, not feclinu inclined to sleep, drew one of the easy chaics with a writing table to the hearth, and having put on his dressing- . gown, sat down to write a letter.- The firo had burned low, and the can dle were sinking in the sockets. Just as Colonel Ainslie, having effectually shaken off his drowsiness, was about to rise from his chajr, to his astonishment he beheld the door of the chamber slowly open. It was at the end of the <rootn, and a good way from the fire place. He sat gazing intently at it, , Reeling as if it were impossible for him to leave bis seat, whilst a figure, at first i indistinctly seen iu the obscurity, en- -'tered, and advancing with a stately, ' measured step towards the light, stou-l still within two paces of his chair. It was that of a young and remarkably handsome man, dressed in a rich laced suit;, his whole appearance denoting a _ gallant of the first rank ; hut bis coun tenance,' Colonel Ainslie .! .tared, such as would never leave his memory till hisdyingday. It was ghastly pale — fixed in an expression of such concen trated woe, such hopeless despair— the dark mournful eyes bent upon him with such a look of untold anguish as froze Jthe very blood in his veins. He i:i- \- jstinclively felt as people in such awful ' circumstances are said to do, that it was -not an inhabitant of this world he looked upon. His limbs seemed to stiffen — his tongue clnve to the roof of his mouth— and he sat as if spellbound, 'unable to withdraw his eyes for an in stant from that dread unchanging gaze. Thus passed some space of time, a long one it conld not have been, but to his imagination it seemed to comprise hours fit horror. Then the apparition, slowly raising its hand, pointed with an autho ritative gesture to the door. That mo tion broke the spell which benumbed Colonel AinBlie's senses. He rose from bis seat, feeling he must escape, or be driven mad by the terror of this visita tion; yet at the same time remember ing' with a sensation of mortal dread that in order to escape he must pass it closely. How he did so, or how he gained the door he never could dis tinctly recal, but he did gain it, and found himself in a long passage, fortu nately lighted by the moonbeams which made their way through a window not entirely darkened, and along this he who had risked his life in various bat tles, bad mounted a breach and led a forlorn hope, yet never bad known what bodily fear was, confessed, and declared he was not ashamed to confess, that he fled in snch a condition of panic and horror as none but those who have ex perienced the overpowering iniluence of supernatural fears can rightly pic ture to themselves. A few days after this, news arrived of the tragical death of the young Master Kincsconnell Mrs Gordon's Kingsconnell. 