SURGEON SUPERINTENDENTS.— THE "BRIGHTMAN." We have received a letter from one Dr Groves, of the barque Brightman, complaining of the few gentle remarks made by us in our impres- sion of Monday last. If we had nothing else to convince us of the terrible laxity of the re- sponsible parties in England, in the selection of medical men for emigrant ships, the letter of this blasphemous madman would be quite sufficient. We print a portion of it verbatim, because it confirms, under his own hand, the account which reached us on the arrival of the vessel: — To tho Editor of the South Australian Register. Sir — The Latin log of the Brightman's surgeon con- tains the following : — Nuss sonat sic: ' Clarus Homo ' absque fidelibus ullis Muss excepto — Nam tenet omne bonam. Translation: — ' The Brightman's barque this truth unfolds, 'Its area not one Christian holds.' The author a solitary exception, to quote the words of the Editor himself. ' Adelaide, January 7, 1850. Sir — I have condescended to peruse the observations contained in your print of this day. I have already outwitted you by Latin. I will now duplicate the affair by English, although belonging to Francois Celeste. You certainly are inconsistent with common arithmetic, and whether the Surgeon to the Bright man, is Man or God, is not your business. You had better hold hard and know your latitudes and longitudes ere you presume to an exercise of the status quo of your columns. I ex- pected something vapid from colonials, but I have found this Australian territory full of polonials. Consult your Dictionaire for the interpretation. I am, Ellison Spencer Douglas Groves, Surgeon to the Brightman and first of English Bards ; God the Holy Ghost ; or Christ 2nd. A mass of illegible writing follows ; after which we detect :— 'You are an egregious ASS. Take it out in negro- head and colonial beer. Audi alteram parlem. You have turned the liberty of the press into licentiousness. The judgments of God are VERILY FOR THIS genera- tion. I am the instrument, action, and cause.' Our readers will readily believe the difficulty we have had in printing such crazy and im- pious rubbish ; but if we withheld the letters, and were contented with strictures on its con- tents, we should scarcely succeed in our point so well. In the name of common sense, and on behalf of outraged humanity, we ask, Shall such things be tolerated? For lives of helpless women, sick children, and way-worn men are entrusted to the medical skill and superintending mercies of a frantic maniac ! It was but yesterday that he was found by the police in a state of intoxi- cation, and having paid the fine he is again, at large, and may so continue until he commits some more serious breach of the law. 'Tis really past patience that such things should be, and we are heartily sick of the offensive duty of gibetting medical offenders. Complaints of drunkenness on the part of a surgeon of another ship in Port have been lately sent to us. One captain also is said to have been scarcely ever sober, and never fit for duty, during the entire voyage. How is it, we demand to know, that the Emigration Agent has not noticed this case of the Bright- man? One hundred and twenty passengers, for one hundred and ten days, were under the control, for life or for death, of a man who signs himself "God the Holy Ghost!" or "Christ 2nd !" What a dispenser of medicine ! Imagine the terrors of all on board at such a surgeon- superintendent! If the cells of Bedlam are to be be ransacked to supply men for this most responsible office, at least let our friends in England know it ; as it is just possible they would retain their con- nections within range of their own eye, rather than send them to sea in subjection to a doctor who, although holding a diploma, has lost his faculty, being as 'mad as a march hare.' 