A NIGHT ATTACK! The expedition was under command of Captain Luigi, and with fifty-five men we left the Cuartel, without beat of drum, at nine in the evening. Leaving the main road at the marisma, we entered a pathway closely sheltered by trees and iohage, and, after two hours rapid marching, halted at a cluster of ranchos, by the roadside. Here we could only learn that the Mexican cavalry had passed by at sunset ; but during an examination of one of the huts we laid violent hands upon ? rude squint-eyed youth, who, though half naked and apparently stupid, had a bag of dollars tied tp in the tail of his shirt; him we interrogated with a bayonet at his throat, and there were sufficient symptoms of intelligence in him left to assure i ? that if he himself were not attached to the party we sought, he knew the bivouac. With a riata around his neck, and carefully guarded, we flg* n advanced. Four miles beyond, we reached the encampment ; it was situated iu a flat little meadow a few feet lower than the road, and girdled nearly around by the gully of a watercourse that hemmed it in on all sides. Our march had been 10 silent as not to create alarm ; and, strange to say, there was not a sentinel awake. Embers of the watcl1 fires gave sufficient light to distinguish the aleepii g figures of the troops, with horses picketed nea . We divided our forces into two parties, one com manding the pathway to the meadow, whilst he other poured in ? deadly fire, and immediai- Ij charged across the ravine. Taken completely by surprise, they jumped up in great consternation, and in their flight received the bullets from our remaining muskets ; before we could reload, they were flying like so many ghosts across the field/, leaving everything behind. On gaining the bivoua', we found it quite a picturesque little gladt, shaded by lofty forest trees, and beneath were a number of bough-built huts, verging on the rivul- t that crossed the road. We counted eight dead bodies; one poor youth was breathing his last. By the fitful light of a torch, I tore open a bale of linen at band, passed some thick folds over the welling blood of his wounds, placed a drop of brandy to his lips, and left him to die. They were sixty in number, and we captured all they had— carbine*, lancea, ammunition, horses, saddles, and clothing, besides their private correspondence. There was one incident connected with this escara muza which was a source of great regret to us. . The wife and daughter of the commanding officer had, very imprudently, been on at visit to the en campment. When the attack commenced, they were sleeping in a hut, and immediately fledj but the child, a girl of ten years, had been grazed bj a ball in the foot, and told her mother the pebbles hurt her feet; the kind but unfortunate woman ran back, in the thickest of the fire, for the child's shoes, and, upon returning, received sv mortal wound in the throat. She was found by her friends and died the following day— O femme,! c'e«t i tort qu'on voaanomme timide, A la voie de vos eoears toui 6tes intrepide. —Los Gringos. ? ; 