ENGLISH EXTRACTS RISE AND DISAPPEARANCE OF DISEASES-. \--Some diseases have arisen and have since disappeared. Ofthis description are the leprosy and the sweating sickness. The leprosy appears to have committed the most extensive ravages, and to have had hospitals erected solely for its relief. It . became genueal throughout Europe in the twelfth century. The sweating sickness is suppo ed to be introduced into England by the army which invaded it under Henry VII. It prevailed from 14S5 to 1551, and in some years, during one month in autumn, was equll in fata lity to the plague. The diseases which have arisen, but have not disappeared, are the smallpox, the measles, perhaps all other specific con agious diseases, and syphilis Thogh the exact period cannot beascertained, there was a time when none of these were known here. The dis eases which have prevailed with various degrees of frequency and fatality at dif ferent periods, are plague, dysentry, in ternal fever, typhus fever, small-pox, syphilis, scurvy, and rickets. The first plague was in 430, the last in which it was epidemic here, was in 1665. It was named in the bills of mortality as late as 1679 Internal fever, scurvy, dysen tery, and rickets, have declined of late years. Scarlet fever, cosumption, gout, dropsy, palsy, and all nervous diseases have increased;-Duncan's Essays and Miscellanea. Any FABLING !-The Bath Journal con tains a curious epistle which Joseph Ady has addressed to a gentleman of that rieighbourhood. The gen leman in ques tion had stated, in reply toAdy's usual offer, that he would give more than the 20s. when he touched the cash, upon which Joseph responded thus: "Sir,-Some 70 years ag', a crdw was perched upon a tree, eating cheese. A fox named , *, stopped, looked upi saying-' My dear NMrs Crow, pray favor me with that song which I overheard last night; oh, it was the sweetest which fox ever heard. Oblige me with only one, note, it will go to my very heart of hearts.' The silly crow tried, dropped the cheese, which * * * snatched up, saying-' You fool, that is all I want.' Sir you must send the cash, and then you shall have the cheese. Respectfully. 'J. An?.' " Aug. 28, 1849." Curious Facts in Natural History.-A. tespectable farmer in Strathbogie has in his possession a cat that has exhibited a wonderful combination of cruelly and kinkness. One night half-a-dozen young docklings disappeared, and nobody suspected where they had gone till next day, when the cat voatited the head and bill of one of them. She would bare. been des*roved immediately, but she had been rather a favorite and, luckily, for herself had produced kittens. In the course of the day, the owner of the cd habppened to fall in with a young rabbit, which he threw into her box expecting, of course, that the vixln who had destroyed the birds, would not be disposed to save thie beast. To his. as olishment,lhowe er, when he returned some hours afterwards, he found the rabbit sucking the cat! Several parti s were brought to witness this novel sights and the cat feeling annoyed at the in trusion, shifted her quarters to a more retired platc, and seemed fully more ca'eful of t'ie rabbit than of her oiwn progeny. The inference to be derived from this story, which we vouch for as true in every particular, and are prepared to substantiate by the name of the anier of the cat, end other respectable witnes see, is that grimalkin, like sone human, beings, nmust be fonder of barnyard fowl than of gare-- rabbits being game accordting to a recent act of Parliament. Banffishire Journal. DofnYenao K FAIR--Yesterday was what is termed the " walking" (jaunt-. oig [would be a phrase more germane) l 8unday, previlos to the tar famed fair of Donnybrook. but the " green" bore no more resemblance to the green of the bhe-gone titties, than does Nelson'. Pillar to a China te, cup! Mana: circumstances have contributed to the change, and persons who recollect Donnybrook some twenty years back, could not now recognise the ghost of former years' fairs. There are a good many tents being erected, but they are of an inferior clas? compared with those of past times. 'The shews too, are of a meagre description, and altogether the appearance of the place betokens the wretchedness of the times. Still large ndnthbet of the citizens visited "de brooke," but there was a total lack of the bustle and activity which used whilome to prevail; This is the charter lair day, but all things considered, the prospect is not very prornising.--Free man. 