FURTHER DISTURBANCES AND BLOODSHED IN CANADA. Montreal has again been the scene of disturbances and bloodshed, the weak and compromising spirit of the Government at once exasperating opposition and inviting attack. The affair is thus noticed in the London Spectator of September 8th : — 44 The riots of April had been made the subject of an inquiry, tardy and secret, and thus keeping alive the anger which it could not overawe. At last, on the 15th of August, it was thought safe to arrest certain persons of the 4 British ' party, who were so accommodating as to go down to the police office privately, for the purpose of being arrested and held to bail. Imagine a Govern ment accepting that sort of accommodation from the very persons it was professing to coerce ! The privacy, however, was not so secret but that it got abroad, and it occasioned a renewal of the April riots. The mob attacked Mr. Lafontaine's house, and was repulsed ; and a lad was shot in the repulse. '.Murder ! Anglo-Saxon blood !' cried the enraged British. An inquest was held, at which Mr. Lafontaine refused to appear as a witness. A great concourse of the British was bidden to the funeral of the lad, on the 18 th, and an armed police was stationed to preserve the peace ; at the demand of the mob, it was removed to the other side of the river." The Montreal correspondent of the Morning Chro nicle thus writes on the 20 th of August : — 44 On Saturday, the remains of young Mason were in terred with great pomp and solemnity. The following is the strange card of invitation to his funeral obsequies, posted in every part of the "city, in placard form, the previous evening — 4 Murder ! The first Anglo-Saxon blood I Turn out to a man to the funeral, that you may remember for ever the murdered victim and the glorious cause ! To-morrow morning at ten o'clock the body of irminm lVIncAn tit ill /tnnviarl f 1 wn i /v_o f wa of f r\ 4>h a JfUUUg iUUOUU Vf AAA MO I/OILAIOVA ViUiJg'DUlCGU U\J UUC grave. Let the shops he shut. — Friday, Aug. 17, 1849.' The pall-bearers and mourners wore red scarfs and white bands — emblems, they say, of innocence and ruthless murder, with an ominous intimation of vengeance to be wreaked npon the perpetrators of the bloody deed. There does, indeed, seem to be more truth than poetry in their symptoms of hostility to Mr. Lafontaine. About two thousand persons attended the funeral. 1 mention these details to give you some idea of the state of society in which we live just now. In Montreal we may vie with any part of Texas, and we are fast relapsing into the rudeuess and disorders of savage life. If this state of things continue much longer, every man will have to go armed, and the assassination of his neighbour will be his only security. "An evening extra of one of our papers, on Saturday, thus discourses respecting the inquest and Mr. La fontaine : — 4 The inquest on the murder of young Mason was suspended until Monday morning at ten o'clock, in consequence of the unexpected, but we snppose con venient, absence of Mr. J. H. Jobin, one of the jurors, and of the refusal of the Hon. L. H. Lafontaine to obey the summons of the Coroner to appear as a witness. The first law-officer of the Crown manifests his contempt for the law. Lord Elgin's Prime Minister sets at de fiance the order of- a high court engaged in a solemn duty. People ot Canada ! what are you coining to ? Judges, juries, and witnesses, laugh at the provisions of law. Society, with Lord Elgin at the head of a political party, has become disorganized.' " On the 20th, while M. Lafontaine was giving evidence, the hotel in which the jury were sitting took fire. " The confusion was dreadful ; the soldiers on guard ran about with fixed bayonets. iVJ. Lafontaine was eventually escorted to the Government House iu the centre of a square of troops." "Montreal, August 22. — The Government have addressed a letter to the Mayor, asking him whether he could preserve the peace of the city. His honor called a meeting of the Municipal Council, but they arrived at no conclusion. The Mayor then replied, that he could not keep the peace. The horse police are still out of town, and it is said that a body of armed men are waiting their arrival. It is stated that the police had fired at the people blank cartridge, one supposes, on Saturday night the 18th ; then went on board a steamer, "crossed the St. Lawrence, and remained on the east side of the river. The fire-insurance companies have determined to raise the rate of premiums." National Characteristics, or the English and French Navvie " In excavating a portion ef the first tunnel east of Rouen towards Paris, a French miner dressed in his blouze, and an English 4 navvie' in his white smock jacket, were suddenly buried alive together by the falling in of the earth behind them. The acci dent caused the deepest concern ; bqt Mr. Meek, the English engineer, iustantly commenced sinking a shaft, which was accomplished lo the depth of fifty feet in the extraordinary short space of eleven hours, and the men were thus brought up to the surface alive. I he French man, on reaching the top, suddenly rushing forward, hugged and embraced on both cheeks his friends and acquaintances, many of whom had assembled ; and then, almost instantly overpowered by conflicting feelings — by the recollection of the endless time he had been im prisoned, and by the joy of his release — he sat down on a log of timber, and, putting both hands before his face, he began to cry aloud most bitterly. The English 4 navvie' sat himself on the very same piece of timber, took his nit-can off his head, and slowlv winpd with it tbo £ f 7 — - — J »' ff AW V11W perspiration from his hair and face, and then, looking for some seconds into the hole or shaft close beside him through which he had been lifted, as if he were calculat ing the number of cubic yards that had been excavated, he quite coolly, in broad Lancashire dialect, said lo the crowd of French and English who were staring at him. f Yavv'se been a darnation short toime abaaowt it." — Stokers and Pokers . A Ghost in Love.— The Abeille Cauchoise tells the following story ; — 44 A few nights ago a worthy farmer, living near Yvetot, who has lately become a widower, was aroused at midnight by the loud barking of his dog. On going to it the animal displayed extreme terror, whereupon the farmer took his gun and proceeded to an inspection. All at once he saw a horrid phantom, clothed in a white sheet, rise from behind the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pale, and his limbs shook with dismay. He, however, contrived to ejaculate, 4 if you come from God, speak : if from the Devil vanish !' 4 Wretch !' exclaimed the phantom, 4 I am your deceased wife, come from the grave to warn you not to marry Marie A , to whom your are making love. She is unworthy to share my bed. The only woman to succeed me is Henriette B , Marry her, or persecution and eternal torment shall be your doom !' This strange ad dress from the goblin, instead of dismaying the farmer, restored his courage. He accordingly rushed on the ghostly visitor, and stripping off its sheet, discovered the fair Henriette herself, looking excessively foolish. It is said that the farmer, admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with lier." Strange Mode of Arriving at a Verdict. - I was in a case some little time ago in wnicn one ot the parties, from an humble anxiety to save his client the costs of a special jury, acquiesced in a common jury, who, to his consternation, gave a verdict for £400 to the plaintiff, who, the late Lord Chief Justice had told them, was not entitled to one farthing. One of the jury afterwards declared that he had been resolved to give a verdict for the defendant, and after several hours' altercation they put four slips of paper into a hat bearing respectively the four sums of |d., £50, £400, and £1,000. It was agreed that the foreman should draw out one of them, and the verdict be accordingly ; and he drew the slip which bore the sum of £400.- \- Warren's Attorneys. 