'T: VJ. KI — : ENCOURAGEMENT FOR SETTLERS : BEING EXTRACTS FROM THE LOGBOOK. Of A BANK LOTTERY PRIZE- HOLDER, WHILE ON AN EXCURSION IN SEARCH OF HIS PRIZE, ON THE BANKS OF THE HASTINGS. " Eh, sic a parish ! — -sic a terrible parish !" . On board of the Mary Ann, schooner, at the hour of midnight, , in fiae clear weather, the South Head light dipping astern in the distance, a nice scudding breeze sending us merrily on our way to my promised inheritance, with a light heart and sanguine expect- ations of future comforts and independence, and while I was musing on the probable amount of outlay in the shape of carts, ploughs, and other agricultural implements necessary for commencing busi ness as a landed proprietor, my attention was arrested by one or two expressions which were dropped by one of the seamen to another passenger, with whom he was conversing, and whose conversation did not seem to be intended for my ear. 1 don't like eaves-drop ping, but 1 confess I involuntary crept stealthily nearer to the fore- 1 igging' as I had at that time a faint idea that the fellow spoke of myself, from the subdued tone of voice in which he whispeied to his acquaintance, who seemed no stranger on board the craft. A smothered laugh occasionally burst from them both, while the man in the drab coat held his nose and appeared quite convulsed, unable to restrain his risibility, as the sailor concluded some descriptive expectations of a third party by the question, " Don't he wish he may get it P" It occurred to me at once that I was the party re ferred to, from the fact that I had mentioned to the same seaman in the afternoon the object of my journey ; 1 had, therefore, a strong suspicion that the laugh was at my expense, which a few minutes' listening confirmed. " The cove expects harrable land on a nice sandy bottom, as all them chaps as goes down with us on this here lay looks out for, but I'm blowed if they've ever got any there was another, laugh after tint; "they all wants river fronts, and inquires if there 's any fish in the Has ins, and the cove as is at the companion now is so up i' the stirrups cos I told him there were plenty of smallish lobsters in the creek -he'll open his eyes, won't he, when he sees them 'ere land crabs ?" The last remark produced another smothered laugh, and shewed me clearly that my errand was the topic on which they were enlarging V They are ail werry big when they're a comin' to the Port, ratilin. their shillings, but when they leave it may 'be they don't laugh, when I axes if they've found their ground ?" This produced a a regular burster. " They sometimes tries it on with our skipper, by bofferin' a prize ticket for a passage back ; but it's no go— that game; we knows some, 'at more than that ; skipper 's too fly for . that now ; once bitten, twice shy, as the say in' is, and skipper 's as wary o' them Bank prizes as the craft's bottom is of a sandbank. We leaves 'em to your chaps at the Port; them Sydney eels ha'nt much on 'em if you can't skin 'em, Ned ?" The drab coat felt mightily flittered at this, and bidding the sailor good night, he went below, as he said, " to turn in ;" bis last words as he disappeared \- were spoken very low, so as not to reach me or the mau at the "helm, but which, from my hiding place, I could hear distinctly — " Don't lei the cove want for lobster sauce, Jem ; it's good enough for his gammon The roar that followed tiiis finish was very uncomfortable to me ; and on reflecting on my position, it may be conceived added not a little to the uneasiness with which. 1 was visited during the remainder of jtie. voyage, which was fortunately a short one. <v , T ' I shall forbear adding anything respecting Jem's lobster compli ments, of which he was by no means sparing, and which the man in the drab coat had frequent opportunities of enjoying ; I put the best face on the matter that I could, and thanking the skipper, who was really a pleasant fellew, 1 left the sebqoner shortly after getting into the harbour. It's appearance did nof greatly flatter my expectations, but determined to see the beat and lha worst of my prize 1 proceeded on horseback to a friend's temporary residence, said to be near to the locality in which my estate was laid down on the map. For a few miles 1 was delighted with the country ; but you may judge of my surprise when I found the district beyond a mere worthless, forbidding, houseless desolation, with not not a feature in it to redeem its miserable and parched appearance, and the farther on the worse it grew. It was only when at my journey's end that I fully estimated my luck, by being told it was lucky for me that 1 had no farther to go, as the " prize" upon my ticket was in the immediate vicinity of my halting place. The very lecollection of the scene is painful ; I shall not embitter it by a description ; I could not wish my worst enemy worse luck than wishing him to be in my shoes, with a full share of my bitterness of disappointment on the first night of my residence at Hastings. When 1 say that, for a cart load of such prize tickets as mine, I would not undergo another journey, and submit to the jeers and taunts which meet me wherever I go, one may form some notion of the value of a Hastings allotment." Jem's predictions were fulfilled to the letter, and 1 trust, as he afterwards expressed himself, it may prove a warning for the future. If not a better man for my travels, however, I am a little wiser. On my return to the Port, I had to wait for the arrival of the Mary Ann, which, during my absence, had gone back to Sydney ; and as the time hung heavy on my hands, 1 tried to pass it away as comfortably as I could, by taking a few garbled scraps of the local news, with the view of partially gratifying the expectancy of absent friends, and specially submitting a case for the consideration of the Government and the Legislative Council, in older that they might see how their money goes when they send it for safekeeping to a place which can be best descr ibed by calling it A Town to Lbt. The place is full of empty houses ; the few that are tenanted are held principally at nominal rents, by occupants who consider that their landlords are well paid and honoured if they occupy without paying a shilling for their occupancy. Trade it has none ; and in that respect may be called the most independent dependency of New South Wales. It was at one time a place for specials, and at the present moment it is a special place, possessing not one special recommendation that came under toy observation. A stranger generally needs some introduction to people in a strange place, but I did not experience at the Port the slightest difficulty in that way, nay I had too many introductions that came of their own accord for me to need any new ones, and so ,1 resolved to be obliged to nobody but trust.my ears for collecting the floating knowledge of the place. I was rather surprised to hear that though the place was small, it contained an extra allowance of crime and corruption. Arson and cattle stealing had both become frequent; the detectives being mcapables,. and otherwise better employed, are all specials, old-handists if you will ; indeed the whole staff (what a pity when Government turned the police magistrates adrift that it did not turn the staff also,) consists, of specials of the most reputable character, as you may conceive from the numerous appointments held by them. A clerk of the bench has £150 a year, besides the perquisites of a Registrar of the Court of Requests, and one ' may imagine what these are sometimes 'worth. If I were to say that the Court of Requests is an intolerable nuisknee, the -people interested in that department here would not wish their neighbours to believe it. Experience shows that the greatest possible public good accrues from every man of tbe select holding multitudinous offices ; thus we see why the bench clerk becomes the Little Go Registrar, a solicitor .before his own " court," in, his own, shop, working with his own tools oh poor people's material ; how his attorney-experience puts him fly to the private affairs of the J.P.'s, to whom he is the legal " Crown Adviser,"— the oracle worker— the man of all men whom they love to designate, facetiously, bj?e6tte&nd;' title of " Mr. Cockolorum Quorum." I" did not go too deep' into his personal history, for, according to my favorite rule, I never dig below tbe good ground, and I saw qbite enough on the surface for my purpose. There is a Chief Constable, ' with the usual salary, and quite enough to do if he drily looks after himself ; but decidedly over worked if he has to superintend the multifarious operations of the clanjamfry under him, of whom there are five who receive her Majesty's money without an equivalent, The Chief Constable must be a clever rellow if he can look after one of them, while he is acting as pew»opener in the church, chief sexton, chief clerk, chief gravedigger, chief deputy postmaster's deputy,- deputy clerk of the peace, deputy's deputy registrar of the aforesaid Court of Requests ! As he says of himself, there 's no small beer about him ; having fiom his eminent home practice procured his translation to this special post, he amuses himself as a requests agent, and makes a little money from that source, as well as the others, and in keeping the scores at the Port Arms Inn, against which no information was ever known to be hied under his protecting arm. No hoarseness ever disturbs his melodious notes, for of all men be is the man for Mr. Cockolorum Quorum. Another pet of the chief was factotum for an auctioneer, and distinguished himself in that capacity, although he never did much for her Majesty's money ; a quart el betwixt the hammer man and Mr. Quorum about a billet of fire wood broke up his auction connexion, and his run of business has consequently declined, although his party is strong at Court, where iilnutured people's -repoits against them were wont to be burked. Jockeys are rarely constables, but not so rare at the Port as a dead donkey, for we have here a constable who rides at the Port and Kempsey races, and keeps horses at livery in strange quarters for quadrupeds. The people in Sydney call their gaol a hermitage; but the People at the Port have theit hermitage turned into stables, and tor tbe encouragement of gaol-fevers, lock-jaw, and glanders they seem eminently adapted. The jockey's toadyism procured Cockolorum's mediation to w ard off a trespass action tor winch their worships on the bench could find " no law !" Of course they could not. if Cockolorum would not, and so the jockey out-jockeyed the judges, or rather their judgment ; for the good judges seldom waste their time looking for law when they want to legislate. It is with such materials as these that they try to keep the peace at this place, and pretty peace they seem to enjoy. ; They burned down the Commissary Stores on St. Patrick's Day, as a sort of flire-up rejoicing for having finished M'i 'a lanyard a few days before by the same process ! Mr. D— complained about the. loss of hi: hubs, but in my estimation he had much mure reason to con gratulate himself in preserving his own Akin. Old P 's pigs were remorselessly burned to a cinder without the offer of a helpiug hand, it I except his own. In short, he was totally burned out; and when he complained of the constabulary, their superiors made faces at him, and entertained liirn to .an interesting imitation of the sound of his own grunters, once so familiar to his then sorrowful ear. They called that expressing compassion for misfortune. They have never found the fit e raisers. This is what is called " keeping the peace." A worthy tanner, who is also a stockholder, was lately offered a hide with his own brand on it ; the peacekeepers did noth ing in iliaL case. A gentleman, who had. lust hundreds, of cattle, found one in a J.P.'s possession, b,ut that was no crime, and he was told to brand one of the J. P.'s call le (not himselt) in return. This is what they call " Port law." , The complainant, being above cattle stealing, disobeyed the " law," and was of course the loser. He told her Majesty's Government, and be is silly enough to believe that the Attorney, General is still considering his case. He might as well believe in my lottery ticket. The cattle stealers are so busy in the interior that no one knows the state of his stock ; they have it all their own way ; and the con stabulary. they have theirs, by spending their time under the ve randah of the police office, where one would think they sat for hours for no other purpose than that of worshiping each other's short, black pipes, with which they fumigate their sanctum sanctorum. The dingy place is in keeping with its practice. Decay hangs over it and marks it for its own ; impurity, one would think, delighted in its atmosphere ; its walls are black and slimy, and its ceiling cracked to its centre, as my fellow-passenger, Ned, says, with false swearing. 1 shiver with a sort of alloverness when I look within its portals, and pity the unfortunates that cannot keep out of it. Ned says its " unkimmin " the smell of that black bible that be calls the " kissin book." He made me cry almost, or laugh, I forget which, when telling me, the other day, that he once " went again a constable for some offence, but in consekence of their hav ing done some wat to it, the " kisser had such scent on't he could'nt put it near his nose, and consekently his oath was not taken, and consekeotly the trap got turned up." Ned seems to have what he calls a " down on traps," but from that day to this he has sworn against smelling the " kisser," if it were even to lag one ! Things are coming to a pretty pass here. Betwixt magistrates, constables, clerks, fireraisera, cattle stealers, and Old Bailey specials, they keep the peace after a fashion of their own ; but from seeing the ghost of a People's Advocate now and again at the police office, there seems to be some sort of dread entertained that existing cir cumstances at tbe Port may be brought into the terrible clutches cf the printer, an animal of which the functionaries are sadly afraid. It is to be hoped he may spare them to perpetrate a few more terrible cantrips, and bring down upon them the eye of the Attorney- General, or Governor Fitz Roy. A little delay may be profitable. The Legislative Council could clip out of this flock, at their next shearing, a saving of four or five hundred pounds, and the public be gieat gainers. It may not happen immediately, it is to be feared, as Mr. Lowe said of his attempt to cut down the Sydney Corporation ; but the stubble is rank, and when the harvest is ripe THE llBAPER will COMB. 