MR. SCOTT'S DESPATCH. To the Editor of the Argus. Sir,—In my last I went pretty fully into the consideration of the more important part of the lion. F Scott's Despatch; what remains will not occupy much of your valuable room. He enters into the subject of District Councils, but we need not awaken their slumbers, nor shall I trouble you with any remarks on what he terms, "The spoliation of New South Wales" at the in- stance of Port Phillip, further than to recall to notice the spoliation this District Land Fund has suffered from the abstraction thereof, for the of the Middle District, which I fancy may fairly be stated as a quid pro quo. Does Mr. S. consider making Victoria independent of Sydney spoli- ation? At all events, as he views six months' notice as insufficient, he cannot but admit suffi- cient time has been allowed in this case. "The vacillation and change of opinion ex- hibited by the Colonial Ministers have been most captious," this is indisputable; and I much fear is an evil only to be got over by the Crown appointing a Colonial Secretary unconnected with the fluctuating Whig or Tory policies of the day, with a Council or Board of Conlrs) consisting of representatives from the various colonies—something similar to the Indian Board. With respect to the Quit Rent question, I pre- sume Victoria is but little connected; so all I shall say on this much canvassed point, is, that if it be a hard case for A. B. to pay, say a farthing per acre per annum for land, which cost him no purchase price, it must be much more so for his neighbour C. D. to pay 20s per acre for his land, being equal to a quit rent of one shilling per acre. As to steam communication with Australia, there has been, on the part of the Home Govern- ment, either great ignorance or gross neglect, as stated by the honourable delegate; but this is only of a piece with all the rest of the vacillating policy of a succession of colonial secretaries, who appear for a moment and then vanish, like Banquo's ghost to the murderer of King Duncan. Australia is certainly under great obligations on this subject to Earls Talbot, Nelson, Lord Littleton, &c.; but however ' most favourably" my Lord Grey or Lord John received the deputation I would prefer tangible acts to honied words, and the fact of his lordship and his friend Lord John Russell holding such dissimilar language at the same moment of time upon Australian affairs, makes me more than doubtful if his lordship wasted an idea upon the subject the minute the backs of the deputation were turned. But let us live in hope; what would life be without it? Mr. S. appears to have made what the lawyers would call a good one to the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the First Lord of the Admiralty; and such facts as were then and there stated by the deputation one would fancy could scarce fail of having a powerful effect on the man of ways and means. He had made up his mind to make no reply! and merely stated that a Committee of the House of Commons, was then sitting on "Connel Packet Service"—yet as reminded by Mr. S.— that, that Committee had no bearing on the question! and ny Lord Talbot, that one of the men of war steamers actually in the eastern run, might in the intervals of other duty, be advanta- geously employed in the mail service, at least four times a year, between Singapore and Syd- ney. Still all would not elicit anything further from Sir Charles Wood, late Chancellor of the Exchequer of the British Empire, nor would it appear that petitions from such trifling places as London, Liverpool, Manchester, Edinburgh, Dublin, Glasgow, &c;, or from such insignificant firms as Messrs. Rothrchild, Baring, &c;, &c;, have had more effect! Are our statesmen all wood? if so, 'tis of a wondrous hard headed de- scription ! but perhaps they may soften in time. Mr. Scott's remarks on Immigration, merit much attention, and no doubt there may be some difficulty in selecting those individuals, whose importance to the Colonies may entitle them to a preference over others, in having their passage to Australia paid in full, but surely there are per- sons in Great Britain who have been in this part of the world, who would be completely qualified to make the selection? He alludes to ths large sums remitted from America, by emigrants to their friends at home, to enable them to follow them, adding if the same system was encouraged in Australia, similar results would follow. Query: Has it not been so? Has not the Irish Immigration into this country been fostered ? I rather suspect it has ? I know it has been so, in some cases, and I am of opinion the merits and liberality of our Irish friends here, have been rather over- looked. And I would add, that it undoubtedly would be much sounder policy in the British Government, to aid poor emigrants to the Aus- tralian colonies, than to allow them to transfer their allegiance to the trans-atlanric Republic. Never was a stronger or stranger truism than the hon. gentleman's remark that " the effect has been, that honest industry has sought its way to Foreign States, while destitution is pre- served at home, until it produces dishonesty, and the convict is then converted into a British colo- nist. " Such a system is as unsound as it would in private life be, for a father to send his daughter to a Bagnio, to qualify her for an honest man's wife. It is so far satisfactory, that the Clummi darkness that has hitherto mantled over the in- habitants of our Father Land, is at length likely to be pierced by rays of light, emanating from the Colonisation Society, but could not we colo- nists afford a little oil in aid of this taper ? Would it be a difficult measure to establish a cheap Australian Magazine, for circulation amongst the labouring classes at home, affording very necessary information regarding the advan- tages of coming out from a land of starvation, to on flowing, I will not say with milk and honey, but what is at least as good, with beef, mutton, and flour, with all the necessaries of life, at a mere fraction of what they cost at home, and what is still better, affording ample wages to secure the same? Need such a work cost more than Chambers Journal? How many thousands, nay, tens of thousands of hardy Highlanders emigrate to Upper Canada, induced thereto, by the cheap pamphlets and maps of the country, circulated so profusely by Dr. Rolff? why should not similar measures pro- duce similar results in regard to Australia? Mr. Scott concludes with informing us, "That at length Members of both Houses of Parliament without reference to party, have seen the neces- sity of meeting together, for the purpose of sup- porting Colonial interests" a re union, as he terms it. Why then should not we Colonists, in like manner, throw aside our selfish squabbles, and unite like one man in following out the example of our countrymen in the old country, surely Colonial squatters and Colonial farmers are at least as amalgamable as whigs, tories, conserva- tives and radicals at home ! I add no more, but beg to call your hundred eyes, Mr. Editor, to the hints here dropt, and I beg to subscribe myself Your most obedt. Servant and admirer, INVESTIGATOR. 