HAMLET. TEOU a LECTURE, BT GEOKBE DAWSON, If. A. The readers of Shskspeare miy be divided into two classes — those who think themselves superior, and those who believe themselves inferior, to tbe great poet. The early critics and commentators locked down upon him ; Voltaire regarded him as a 1 batbatiau, and even our own Dr. Johnson affected to patronise him. The students of the new school, as the Germans, regarded him rather as a personification of nature, and count his own onintelHgibiliiy as a proof of their own uuinlelligenct ; believe him always right, unless they can prove him to be wrong, because they conceive the laws of a great miod are always aVin to the laws of nature. Those pauagee that seem obscure ate fonod by 'he (rue student lo have a deep hidden meaning, and they often find in his works thoughts which he might never have intentionally pul there. How often aome of the greatest onion, in like msnnrr astonish themselves by uttering thoughts the most profound as if accidenlallv. be- cause by inference they have become ao in uuison with the great laws of nature. Shskspeare is a great catholic u hor, for all find him on their aide. A great author may be either catholic or sectarian in its widest sense. Milron was sectarian, while Sbak- speare was catholic. He had no par ticular mission, no cause — be repre sent all the revelation of na'ure ; of causes and mission he knew no thing ; hence every man will find ' himself in Shskspeare. It is witb these considerations I approach the flay of Hanlel— tome his greatest — not as an acting play, for that I don't profess to understand, but for the deep metaphysical truthfulness it contains. It is a great closet play, and in acting it if often misrepresented, depending too much ou outward personifications. Its truthfulness, not its facts, is our concern ; for great truths depend not oo fac a only, but are often wrapped up to the garb of fiction. A great poet shall construct a man for yoo, who shall live if be has not. What Hamlet was before his father's ghost appeared lo him cao only be ioferred, as great naturalists can construct a figure from only hariog a fossil bone; so may Hamlet's character be sop- posed lo be opeu, gay, capable of co- joying life, and indifferent to results. The first difficulty iu his character is his apppsreut jesting ; but that stile of mind is not so uncommon as it at first appears ; men hive laughed at a funeral. The mind may be over engaged, and will fail to ex press itself in words. Tbe raillc shows it in twisting his hat or bottom, before be is able to express himself ; Bonaparte ii said, in absence of miod, to have carved the arm of the council chair ; and Kichter men tioned a man, when kneeling dswn boat to take the holy water, who laoghed. Bo the mind, being pre occupied, manifests ilaelf bodily ; sod oo faith should be placed in the sup position that Hamlet was really mad at times ; we know little of madness, hot there were tinea in hii career when be was in the boundary. There hu been a great mistake in contrasting Hamlet's madness with Ophelia's. Some have questioned Shakspeare's being right in making Ophelia sing the sooge (be did ; I say, yes, be was ; tbe explanation is clear. Each man has an cattily besetting sin; if true mcn,tbey resist temptation and become acquainted with siu by bat tling with it ; hence, Ihe'piaua man shall learn blasphemy — the true man's strongest point is opposite hii wrakeat; (be just man controls that which, when reason fails, he shows he knows. Thni was the battle of the virtues with Ophelia. Milton nya it is not vinse which cannot be tempted, Ophelia was not a great heroine, but Like perfection ofwifRoui nature. Every tin is only a power leaping over in boundaries ; but with uo sign of intellectual strength, her bodily lenses and feelings were developed until they were almost spiritual. Read her father's advice and brother's warnings ; and when reason fails she breaks out into words instead of deeds. Did Hamlfci love her 3 In much he could notV1ocotding to his or ber nature — at much only as a great intellect could love a sensuous nature ; to him she was not forgotten but put by. HowSgtange was his irresolution to kill thsUtgi Why did be not do it? he alauds waiting. Coleridge compares himself to Hamlet, and he wap. like him, for he brgan many thing — finished nothing — wanting thatr find delerminaiigp whicb men of lowerihUDds often pos sess. Compare the effeet- which out ward nature has upon an inwardly sensative soul; Macbeth and Lady Macbeth, for instance. To her the shriek of a bat was only a bat's shriek ; Macbelb's fears were to ber uoknown. To superstitious men the air is populous; so it was with Ham let ; lesser men would have killed 'he king. "Must energetic men pre for ever pondering and endeavouring to find tbeir true spiritual position, he saw so much and did ao li>tle. Fix ouiy the eye upon the declining son, and how trees and intermediate ob jects are blotted out ; so when we are said to be iu a brown study, our minds are fixed upou the future, and_ 11 present objects are over-looked. When Hamlet finds the kiug at prayer, then to fulfil God's revenge against murder would be to send him to heaven ; but bis mission was to send him to bell. Tbe theology of the question was leave ; was be not jol lified 7 he was no longer a free ageut. We at times try to make conscience speak for us — make an excuse ; aud to the king's death at last was ap parently acciden-al. Again, in the death of Ophelia, there is a rivalry ax to who should be chief mourner ; so Hamlet thought, uot her brother, but himself, should be the chief mourner. So great is thr jealousy of rivalry, that even ilte beggars think those the greatest who can show the greatest number of sores, no mat'er what the mind as. Another difficulty is with regard to the charac ter of Polonios — he ia inch a bore, and yet true withal ; thus he wai a man living in the past, and not the present — far be is a man of maxim, not of idea ; he can sum up experience And give you a som total. Ideas are comiructive, but therefore canuolgire yoo a principle. He lays down a law which ia always inferior to prin- cinle far laws are tbe specialities of principles, because based upon them. Hence the majority walk by laws. With two or three great ideas or principles lo develop themselves ac cording lo things as they arise, few would go wrong. For the past he can work, for'lhe future he is a fool. The put can guide us backward, uot forward, for great outward effects arise from small inward causes. Thus each character throws the other io;o high relief. The king is a pure beast , mark his prayer, what au awful history of a son! does it display ! Some of ui are quite learned in religion with out feeling aught of it ; thus with re pentance : be should repent, but could not ; he was too much lost lo kuow its feeling ; and the truth of it is rather as ibe book you read than ibe spirit you feel. And so in tbe last ligeofthe inferior living; having inord against the spirit, it refuses more lo feel ; it is then merely ao outward article, to the progress of a iuoing soul ; you gel into the lowest sphere, and speak of repentance as you would speak of America, only being able lo reach il in name. Ia the clown'i scene, wi h all of which the French critics hive found fault, it oDly shows how tbe great dramalirt haa msde it one with real life. Ac cording lo socb critics who would have i< otherwise, they should writ something, and ought lo call it " Life as revisedwhd improved by a drama tist. " With great men such as Shsk speare, he finds that, if a king dies, tht people are hungary direc ly after wards. far the tTue man loves inch ordination ; hence, they talk of jest ing iu improper plscca, for before great people are buried grave-diggtri laugh ; for ? so it must be ; is it not natural 7 does it not mtke il more tragic? Will not Rembrandt give ae a great light, so thai the darkness around may appear darker — as it is often said that a lantern shows the darkness visible ; ihus we say, eilence is visible. If you cannot make our Shakspeare'e theory, you can make oui one of your own, and thai errors of the past dwindle away and light appears. Hamlet does uot appear lo be the greatest of men ; he contem plated the nuseen, till he lost sight of the visible. Tbe work he bad to do was loo great for him— as if you should plant an oak in a china jar. The unseen comes to a child of eattfa, and'faeuce we hsve one long struggle; 