INDIAN INTELLIGENCE. (From Allen's Indian Mail, August. 9) Once more we can announce the reign of tranquillity throughout the vast territories of the British Indian empire. Even the Punjaub is fast settling down into a province of that empire, partaking of its feelings and interests. " Peace appears to be established in this country says the Lahore Chronicle, on the surest foundation j where, four year's ago the British soldier and his Government were regarded with the most deadly feeling of hatred; the great majority of the people have learned that the new rule is not only willing but able to afford efficient protection to life and property, and the inhabitants are enjoying a state of security hitherto totally unknown to them." The disarming of the people, a most judicious measure, it adds, which has been strictly carried out, and, above all, the reduction of the land revenue to the extent often, twelve, and even twenty per cent., have had the most beneficial effect on the agricultural population of the country, " while the removal of all customs dues has given an impulse to trade which it never before received, and which must have greatly conciliated the mercantile and monied classes of Punjabee society." The work of improvement is so far on foot in the Punjab, that the survey of the leaves Dooali U nearly completed, and ground may be broken for the intended line of canals in September or October next. A writer in the Lahore Chronicle says : - <? I went the other day to Kalnbagh to look at the coal localities; it was curious to find an extensive vein running up the surface of a hill, and wherever it was cut, fine dry coal was obtained. I wish I could do justice to the scene in describing it. The magnificent Indus, land-locked between ranges of hills, that seem to extend in all directions, limestone of every description, clays, chulk, earths, iron, petroleum, sulphur, alum, alabaster, crystals of quartz, mica, stones for testing gold, shells, coal, salt, marble, and numerous formations such as would puzzle a geologist. It appears to my unenlightened eyes as if a great volcano had turned a huge hill upside down, and \tt(l the rough edges to assume, through a series Of years exposed to the action of air and water every variety of formation of which earths, clay, soils, stones, and minerals in combination are capable. There are traces of great antiquity in some of the buildings occupied by Fakcers, or scattered about the head Is, and I should not be surprised to find traces, through the medium of coins or parts of buildings, of the route of Alexander's army 1 In a few years the world will be astonished in attempting to account for such inexhaustible mines of wealth having been so long neglected." The great topic of the intelligence is the resignation of the Commander-in- Chief's by Sir Charles Napier, which is not only confirmed, but unhappily ascribed to a misunderstanding with the Governor-General. The particulars are not given upon authority, but the reports in the Bombay and Calcutta journals tally pretty closely. According to the Bombay Telegraph, Sir Charles, ! some time back, published, without previous communication with the civil government, an order regulating the space for barracks in Lahore intended for Her Majesty's troops, which was considered as an usurpation of authority, as the order should have been promulgated by the Governor-General. This was intimated to Sir Charles, whose reply is said to have been more distinguished by " rough vigour" than by official courtesy, and resented by Lord Dalhousie, who required that the order should be rescinded, that it might be promulgated in the regular form and through the proper channel. Sir Charles, it is added, peremptorily refused to obey this order, and tendered his resignation, which was accepted. The Calcutta Englishman states that it was known before the Governor-General left Simla, on his tour of the Indian seas, that some disagreement had taken place, and reports among the military circles were then current, that the Commander-in-Chief, ¡Il-tirooking inaction, had shown his warlike propensities so unmistakeably, that unusual precaution had been taken to prevent any escapade during the absence of the Marquess of Dalhousie. During his lordship's absence a rem.irkut>h> General order announced Sir Charles Napier's intention to return to Simla, out to enjoy the climate, but to meet the Governor. General. The meeting accordingly took place, like that of two thunder clouds on the mountains, and the explosion has already sounded through the land. The cause of disagreement is still unknown ; but it is understood that the papers connected with Sir Charles Napier's resignation have been sent home, and that a motion in Parliament will probably reveal the secret. Those who affect to know it here, say that the Commander in-Chief is decidedly in the wrong." Sir Charles would, it was said, take his final leave of India in October. Speculation were afloat as to his successor ; Sir William Gomm, who was expected to take charge of the Bombay army in November, was talked of in Calculions likely to be the new Co murder in-Chief. The Hurkaru reports that there had been considerable discussion as to the constitution and objects of a ' secret commitee of Queen's offices s, which Sir C. Napier is said to have farmed at Simla, engaged it is supposed, in collecting information as to the state of the Company's army-some say of the civil service also " li is conjectured that the information thus obtained it intended to guide Sir Charles's evidence when the renewal of the Charter and the propriety of amalgamating the Indian army with that of the Crown come on for Parliamentary discussion." The Marquess and Marchioness of Dalhousie were at Maliaseu, near Simla. The Bengal journal still report unfavourably of the health of both the Governor General and his lady. A trip to Peshawur, and after wards to Cashmere, is said to be in contemplation ; but the Marquess is expected to return to Calcutta by Christmas. The pestilence known as the Maha Murree, or 'certaindeath,'has again broken out in the hills of Ghurwnl and Kennon. This disease, closely resembling the Parte plague of 1896 97, and which has all the appearance and symptoms of the plague of Turkey, is so infectious, or believed to be so by the hill tribes, that it used to be the custom to take a village in which the disease had shown itself, to draw a cordon around it, beyond which, if any of the unhappy residents of the infected place dared to creep out, he was shot as a mad dog. Dr. Kenny, the superintending surgeon of the Meerut division, has been directed to investigate the nature of this pestilence, and had set out for the infected districts. 'The Bombay Times relates a curious example of the tyranny practised in native states, even when most strictly under the surveillance of the British Government !-. - " Some years since a wealthy merchant at Faraday died, leaving two wives; the elder was of weak intellect, but had a son the younger, a woman of talent and spirit, was four months advanced in pregnancy. The husband willed that his property, amounting to above half a million sterling, should be interested in the widows, and that in the event of a boy being born, it should be divided equally betwixt the children, the mothers being trustees over the whole till they were of age. the survivor to inherit all in case of the decease of either. Five months after his death, his widow was delivered of a son. As the heritage was an enormous one, every precaution was taken to secure evidence of the genuine- ness of the child Not the slightest doubts on this subject were raised for a year and a half, when the younger widow began to bring Baba, the manager of the estate, to account for extravagant conduct. While the child was out on an airing, it was stolen and carried into the wilderness, by Hall's directions, as it now allowed. the mother was placed under personal restraint, and told she was an imposter that the child was none of her. that here had died in infancy. Baba secured every channel of access to Government by bribes or loans. 4 At length a purchaser, or jury of five, was proposed this at first, according to the advice of a native lawyer, anxious to maintain litigation, the widow, strong in her consciousness of innocence, declined. A court of Baba's eleven was now constituted, and the case decided against her- no Intimation having been given her as to the charges to which she was to answer, the evidence supporting them, the record kept, or sentence pronounced. Repeated applications on the subject only produced the answer that the case was closed. The Bombay Government have at last been petitioned to take into consideration the new matter of the abduction of the child. The senior widow is now said to repent her of ever having joined the prosecution against her sister, and to be anxious. If left to herself, to come into the field in her defence. The family of the banker were under the protection of the British Government, and on this ground it it that we are specially! bound to interfere either to secure for the widow her rights, or expose her at an imposter, If what has been stated should turn out incapable of proof." The latest accounts from the Nizam's territories state that the minister had indicated his course of measures : but whether Jilt po wars and authority will be sufficient to «'H'.«*» ilMAMmpletosffect, and whether his business williams deflate the importunities of his friends, is very WVñ&i;£?t>'JíxéJ?t is the removal of the old attendant who all have been upon the districts assigned to them mortgages, and the placing new ones, who have no such Hen upon them, to bring the revenues beenfiaeallby the Government upon some of it ptiiw!pal(.aBd Movement' servants for pecuniary aid. Disorders are' still of frequent occurrence in the interior of the country. A bloody contest is said to have taken place at the village of Dhourea, twelve miles from Omrowlee. It was rumoured that Sir G. V. Berkeley intended visiting the capital shortly. A rumour was prevalent In Scinde that the province is about to be placed under the authority of the Lahore Commission, and that there are to be commissioners for Upper as well as for Lower Scinde. The Governor. General has, it is said, declined accepting Mr. Pringle's resignation, and he desired to be informed of the circumstances which led him to resign. The local intelligence from the presidencies is not abundant. Mr. Deacon has been appointed to inquire into the state of the Post-office at Calcutta, Mr. H. Forbes at Madras, and Mr. W. Courtenay at Bombay, with a view to the general improvement of the system. It is expected that the franking system, which debits the public with the carriage of Government letters and papers, and is liable, besides, to the most enormous abuses, will be recommended to be done away with; that a large reduction on letter postages, with probably the prepayment system, will be introduced and that the charge for the transmission of newspapers will be commuted from postage to a one-anna (ld.) stamp, enforced on the same general plan as at home. At Calcutta, much interest has been excited by the discovery of lead and copper mines at Beerbhoom. The ores are extremely rich, the metallic lead yielding fifty ounces of silver to the ton. and ninety-eight per cent, of pure metal. The Electric Telegraph Committee was at work. The line lies to Chinsurah, thirty miles. At Bombay, on the 29th May, a public meeting took place in the Town Hall for the inauguration of a School of Industry, for some time in contemplation at the presidency. The Chief Justice presided ; the whole of the members of Government, the Judges of the Sudden Adavrlut, and the greater part of the general stuff then at the presidency, were present. The Governor was chosen patron. The school had since been opened for the reception of pupils, of whom there was a considerable number in attendance, or in immediate prospect. The objects of the establishment are, in the first place, to reclaim juvenile culprits, and teach them trades, by which they may earn their bread ; secondly, to endeavour to improve the processes of manufacture and advance the resources of the country. Destitute juveniles armies are maintained by the chalby but instruction will be willingly imparted to any one desiring it. A most important step has been taken towards the education of the female (Hindu population at the same presidency. Some of the Hindu scholars of the Elphinstone Institution and for months, past been working silently, and have succeeded in permanently establishing three schools for the instruction of these young creatures, whose numbers exceed 150 already. THE EXPLOSION AT BENARES. A writer in Benares gives the following account of the late explosion of gunpowder at that city The usual cooking of messes at a distance from the boats, and under shelter of the ridge of the old fort, had been gone through, and fires put out by 8 P.M., or 9 P.M. at the latest, of the 1st May. About a quarter to II P.M. the cry of fire was raised, the foremost boat up stream was seen to be in a class, and the alarm naturally attracted the inmates of houses on the ridge to the front to see the spectacle. None of the traders'' boats (they being safe from conflagration, which was all that they probably dreaded) attempted to move ; but attempts were made in a few instances in the fleet to got the adjoining boats out from the shore. As soon, however, as it was seen that the burning boat was one of those laden with powder, the alarm of the coming explosion was raised, and as the conductor in charge fled for his life up the ghost, many others followed his example. The progress of the fire was rapid, and in a few minutes the first and most awful explosion took place. It swept away fugitives and spectators, raised a volume of water, which, as it subsided, dashed boats far and near with violence against the hard bank, and shook the adjacent houses into a heap. In about two minutes more, the second explosion took pine-, which brought toppling houses to the ground. Some concep- tion may be formed of the nature of these explosions by these circumstances. There were 3,000 barrels of gunpowder, or SJOOOOIbs. Nearly all the other magazine stores have been recovered from the river 5875 out of 5000 shot and shell, all the 16 guns, the ss howitzer carriages, and 13 out of 14 muskets, but only I life barrels of gunpowder. There is thus good reason for believing that 16 boats, with more than 2000 has blew upon the first occasion, and 2 or 3 boats with 500 or 600 his on the last. The explanation of there having been two explosions is simple. The greater portion of the powder boats were up stream, and only a few at the end of the line down stream, the intermediate positions having been taken up by boats filled with other stores. 'The headmost boats which were not wholly swamped were set on fire by the flame of the first explosion, and the powder that had previously escaped was almost Frome lately ignited. In the cantonments and the civil station, distant between four and five miles, the shock of these explosions bulb to those who were asleep and awake appeared to be so much like those of an earthquake, that utmost every cow attributed it to that cause. Mr. Gubbins the joint»magistrnlo, had not retired to rest, and as the noise came from the direction of the police jurisdiction, of which he has charge, He thought it as well to ride down to ascertain what had happened. He returned at speed for aid to the sufferers, and. in a commendably short space of lime again arrived at the spot, where the police had in the mean time assembled. He was followed in succession by several of the authorities, and during that fearful night and morning, tim exertions that were made were creditable to all concerned To those who first arrived, the scene was truly appalling. A huge heap of coal was blinding and caling its lurid light on the broadway between the crumbling ridge and the wntetVedge, strewed with the dead, dying, and wounded. A long the bank above the Rhaut, boats being swamped were reeling against the shore more than one of these, too, were still burning, and the apprehension of further explosions, while it deterred thieves, intimidated others from rendering assistance. Where the fleet had been moored huge hillocks of sand thrown up by the force of the explosions, and some portions of charred wrecks, alone remained to tell the tale perhaps, too, the most terrible of all was the grim silence of the river, destitute of any floating object, pursuing its course over sunken boats and drowned men. By 3 A M. the wounded had been picked up and convened to the city hospitals, and, as had been pre-arranged by daylight all the convict and hired labour procurable was distributed amongst the ruins. At the same time, two companies of infantry arrived to preserve older and prevent plunder. The work of turn- ing over the debris of fallen buildings was prosecuted with indefatigable industry, but it was not completely finished till the third day, on which out of almost the last heap two children were taken uninjured. The casualties as to loss of lives and destruction of properly have been much exaggerated. It is not possible to state the actual fact, but a careful inquiry, and registry of every ascertained case, while it leaves no doubt as to results on Fund, has enabled an estimate to be formed which is an approximation to truth as to the number of lives lost in the river. Several of the traders" boats were unladen, and the full number of their respective crews was not with them. Most of these boats were not sunk, but stranded only in shallow water, so that comparatively few lives were lost. The crews in the magazine fleet had been paid up arrears in the day time ; some were absent in the town, others fled on the first alarm, and not a few of these, finding their boats destroyed, not expecting to receive any more pay, and probably apprehensive of being detained during an investigation, took themselves off at once From the crews of boats which have subsequently arrived at Benares, it has been ascertained that many of these fugitives during their return homeward have furnished those whom they have met with astounding narratives of the calamity. On the morning after the event, save the wounded, not one of the boatmen of the fleet was forthcoming. By the third day upwards of ninety had had been collected together. The following is the ascertained and estimated list of casualties: - ' Drowned men taken out of boats... 21 HIGH n up, found dead on the bank 50 Buried under ruins . 47 Died in hospital x g 127 Wounded. Missing estimated to have escaped 100 Supposed to have been drowned ... ICO 71 448 " The small number of casualties in the suburb is explained by the fact that in the hot season many of , die inmates of houses sleep outside. The loss of 1 property has been estimated to be about 60 or 70.000 rupees. The old fort stood the brunt of its explosion, the city itself sustained no injury except from Venetians and doors blown in by the force of the concussion. It was sufficient to break panes of glass at a distance of four miles, and perhaps nothing can convey a better notion of it than the fact of the shock having been perceptible at Ghsseepoor, Juaupoor, said. as some assert, even at Allsbobad. There are many versions of the origin of this firm ; some of course wholly absurd. Amongst many, these are the least improbable i 1st. That a boatman in Colonel Lloyd's pinnace was smoking, and that a sudden shift of wind to the east blew Ure from his chillum to the thatch of the powder but. Another is, that boatman was passing by with fire in his hand, which was struck out of it by another case, by which some portion of it fell on the thatch. Another is, that he boatmen had bullied the country people of a neigbouring village, and the fire was an act of revenge. Another, that a boatman was enjoying his bubble bubble in secret, so that the sentry could not see him, and this is the most likely to be true. The story of the sentry who escaped has not been reported. He declared that the first appearance of fire was within the boat, and that simultaneously with its appearance a cry of alarm was given by some man, who jumped out of the boat and made off. As with the steamer Benares, so in the present case, there can he little doubt that the calamity was owing to a bubble bubble." 