MISCELLANEOUS. The human mind should be a globe of humanity moving on the poles of truth. History gives us many illustrious vil lains, but never an illustrious miser.- Knowledge without justice becomes crau 5 cuunigu wuuuui icasuu uccuiues rashness. Syria- — Tim interesting country, for so many years the scene of the most fierce and sanguinary tends, lias re mained entirely tranquil throughout the political turmoil which has agitated almost every other part of Europe, and i9 rapidly advancing in civilization and commercial importance both n no ex porting and imporliug country. Its consumption of English manufactures has immensely increased as well as the export of its native productions. These happy results have been in a great measure produced by the firm but con ciliatory conduct of Colonel Rose, the British Consul General in Syria. That his exertions in this respect are appre ciated by the native population, as well as the English merchants trading with Syria, is sufficiently proved by the fol lowing address, presented to him on his leaving Beyrout — where lie had resided for eight years — on leave of absence to England : — "We cannot allow the oc casion of your departure for England, on leave of absence, to pass without availing ourselves of the apnrop-iate opportunity it affords us of expressing to you the high sense which we entertain of the distinguished manner in which you have fulfilled the duties of Her Majesty's Consul General in Syria since you have held that commission. We have the greatest satisfaction in recording our admiration of tbe conduct you have displayed at various times when this couutry has been distracted by civil war, in your successful efforts, at great personal risk, to arrpst blood shed ; to rescue the fallen from certain destruction ; to restore concord among contending parties ; and to promote the welfare of all classes of the community. Willi equal pleasure we beg to convey to you our most sincere thanks for your unceasing and un'iring zeal in the maintenance of our commercial and in dividual righl3, the redress of our wron.-s and the promotion of our interests In conclusion, allow us to wish you a prosperous journey and a safe and speedy return." The nbove address was pre- sented to Colonel Rose by a deputation, consisting of four of the gentlemen who signed it, to which Colonel Rose gave the following reply " Gentlemen, on such occasions as the present, two sorts of language are used, — die language of form and the language of the heart, I can only use the latter, for after so many years' interchange of good offices and feeling, our parting can never be a parting of form. You thank me for the protection of your rights. But the merit is not all mine ; the larger share is due to yourselves. For you have never asked me to advocate an unjust right ; never to cover with my authority any claim which you were not prepared to support in a tribunal of justice ; on the contrary, you have always asked lor a just execu tion of the treaties nnd regulations relating to commerce, customs, and the currency. You have done more ; you have obeyed them, and that when evasions of them were verv easy, very general, and very profitable. Thus, in the advocacy of claims, it has not often been necessary for me to appeal to treaty; it has generally been enough appeal in the name of British merchants who obeyed the Turkish laws, increased the Turkish revenue by a punctual payment of duties, and gave an ndmir- able example in their own persons of re-pect for the laws, feelings, and usages of the country in winch they live. Tim Turkish authorities nnd the inhabitants of nil classes have rlone the fullest justice to this conduct, and the name of a British merchant is in Syria what it is in all the quarters of the globe, a symbol of entelligence, enterprise, and honour. You, gentlemen, who do not belong tho mercantile body, have fully emulated their honourable pro ceedings. You are pleased to allude in flattering terms to other duties which I hnve been called on to perform in Syria Tbe only merit that I claim in my sub. ordinate capacity, is that I have faith fully obeyed tho orders of Her Majesty's government, proveibial for its uncom promising justice and humanity. The consolidation of tlie Sultan's authority and tho peace of Syria are the results of the events of 18-10, and of o policy as disinterested as it was wise, Your good feeling towards myself induces you to paint in too bright colours the aid which I have given at times to tnisfor- tuno nnd sufforing humanity, But I lmvc endeavoured to do my duty by one of the first precepts in the catechism of British sailors and soldiers — humanity. In conclusion, gentlemen, I thnnk you with all the sincerity of an Englishman for tho unvaried kindness and confi dence of eight years. I thank you as sincerly for your most generous approval the farewell token of your esteem; but more than all, and beyond all, I thank you collectively and individually for the credit you have invariably done the British name." — Times, Dec. 26. 'The new possession of Sarah Wnek (Sarawak), is oonsidcred nil eastern balance to our Paddy Whack (Ireland) in the west. ' Pray,' said a lady to Coleridge, ' do you believe in ghosts?' « No madam,' answered tho poet, ' I have seen loo many.' A Warrior's Sentiments. — A few years since the Duke said 4 I am not for war. What can tho sword give mc that I do not possess ? I am fut peace.' Leicester-square is to bo built upon. Mr. Moxhny bought it for £1.400 of Inderwick, the tobacconist, who thought he had sold him as well as the square but Moxhay found out that thoro was nothing in tho lease to prevent the ground being built upon, nnd his pur chase is now worth £70,000. The favourite dish of the Emperor of China is, it is said, stewed worms. A medical gentlemen received the following from a patient ' Deer stir, I am so lite in my co/fin that I cannot get out to day; I hope to-morow my coffin will love, or will let me got out for I shood not like to bring it with mc j as it would surprize yoo, its so mortal bad. He meant his coughing. An Appropriate Name. — The latest name for a lady's 'bustle is baek-gnm- mon. , I am glad this coffee don't owe mo anything.' said an nccountaut at his breakfast. 'Why so ?' enquired his wife. .Cause I don't believe it would ever settle,' ho replied. An American court lias decided that marriage contrnc's made on a Sunday are valid, on the ground that they come under the head of 'works of necessity nnd charity.' The New President of the United States a Missionary. — Tbe October j number of the Democratic Review , in page 287, contains the following : — " U I is related, on irrefragable evidence, and I as illustrative of character, that the I American Bible Society forwarded to j the army of occupation several hundred bibles for the use of the troops. These bibles were, by order, used for cartridges tfml wadding. Some of the raw troops h id compunctious visiting in relation to ramming down new bibles into their guns on going into battle, and their expressions of dissatisfaction having reached General Taylor's cars, ho rode up to a regiment, at Buena Vista, about to fire, and called out with an oath, 1 Now, then, you cowardly fools, let us see how you can spread the Gospel in Mexico.' That was the last speech heard upon earth by many a guilty soul which passed to its account ere the con cussion which followed died upon the e.;r." A Hint to Tourists in Scotland. — Under this heading a Scotch paper in troduces the following dialogue as having occurred recently in a little country inn, not so far from Edinburgh as the internal evidence might give one to suppose. The interlocutors are an English traveller and a smart yo.tng woman who nets as waitress, chamber maid, boots, and every thing else, being the man and the maid of the inn at the siTTic uniGi-! fflvciifir- Lome horei if you please. Jenny — I was just coming ben to you, sir. Traveller — Well, now, mistress. Jenny — I'm no the mis tress; I'm only Hie lass, and I'm no married. Traveller— Very well, then Miss . Jenny — I'm "no a Miss; I'm only a nian'a daughter. Traveller A man's daughter? Jennv — Hoot, ay, sir. Did'na ye see a farm as ye cam up yestreen, just three parks aff ? Traveller — It's very possible. Jenny Weel, that's my father's. Traveller Indeed? Jenny— It's a fnc. Traveller — Well, that fact being settled, let us proceed to business, I'm now in a hurry to go, indeed I should have said so at first, and so, my good Molly Jenny — My name's no Molly — It's Jenny. What do you ca' me Molly for ? Traveller— -I beg your pardon, J ionic. Jenny — Jenny! Jenny! Jenny! Tra veller— Very well. Hang it! I'm in a hurry, nnd must request to see vour bill at once. Jenny — Our Becl? Wully we ca' him ; but I ken whaut you i mean. He's no in e'en nou. Traveller — M ully 1 What I waut is my account — a paper stating what I have had, and ! how much I have to pay. Jenny J And is that our Beel? Did ony body! ever hear the like o' thai ? (Aloud.) Ye mean the lawing, man ; but we have nae accounts hero. Na, na ; we hao owcr muckle to do. Traveller — And how do you know what sum to charge ? Jenny— Ou, wo just put the things down on the sclate, and then I gie the tattle by word of mouth. Traveller- Pray tell mo then how much it is ? Jenny— Thai's precisely what I came ben for ; and if yo had nskit mo at first, or waited till ye were spoken to, I wouldna have keepit you a miuute, Na na ; wo're never swoor to seek tho law ing, altho" some folks are unco' slow at payin'o't. It'sjmt fourand sax. Traveller —That's very moderate ; there are two half crowns. Jenny— I thank yo, sir; I hope we hae a saxpeneo in the houso, for I wouldna like to givo baubecs to a gintlemnn. Traveller — The sixpence is for yourself, Jenny — Oh sir. it's owro muckle! Traveller— What ! do you object to take it ? Jenny— Na, na, sir; I wouldna put that affroat upon ye. But mind, the next time ye'ro in a hurry, dinna bo fashing yoursel' wi' mistresses, and misses, and Jennies, but just say 1 What's the latving, lass V Frail Tenure of Man's Happiness. — Man's happiness is said to hang upon a thread. "This," opines Funch(io his Pocket Book), "must be the thread that is never at hand to sew on tho shirt- hut'on that is always off.'' Nearly all the suicides in this country ate by foreigners. Yankees rarely make away with themselves, for nearly every one thinks he has a chance of be coming president ; and, at any rate his curiosity prompts him to live on, just to spo what he svill come to. — American Paper. A Goon Answer. — "What shall I do," said a liquor seller to a temperance lecturer, " If 1 quit selling rum ?" " Go into the poor house," said the lecturer, " and be supported there, and let the poor you Itavo made paupers come out." The Little Horn. — A politician as well as a strategist, Granville Sharpe, sought and obtained un interview with Charles Fox, to whom he had advice of great urgency to give for conducting tho affairs of Europe. If tho ghost of Burke had appeared to lecture him, Fox could hardly have listened with greater nslonishment, as bis'aitonitor, by the aid of the little horn in Daniel, explained the future policy of Napoleon and of the Czar. " The little horn I Mr Sharp?, ' at length exclaimed the most amiable of men, " what, in the name of wonder do you mean by the litllo horn ?" " See there," said the dejected interpreter of prophecy to his companion as they re turned from the Foreign Office — " Sec | there the fallacy of reputation I Why, : that man passes for a statesman ; and i yet it is evident to me thai he never be- ' fore so much as heard of the Utile horn \"—Sir James Stephen's Essags 