SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Forty acres of barley, valued at £150 to £200, were destroyed by a fire which commenced at Mr. Line's, on the Port Road, on the 6th inst. It is believed the fire was the work of an incen- diary.......It is the intention of Mr. A. T. J. Martin to introduce portable gas into Adelaide« and a company has been formed for the purpose with every prospect of success.The culpa ble neglect of the Home Authorities in the se- lection of proper officers to take charge of the emigrants sent out has received terrible con- firmation from the circumstance of a madman, an infidel, or worse, having been seleeted as surgeon of the Brightman, recently arrived in Adelaide, with 120 passengers. The 120 souls were for 110 days under the charge of a drunken idiot, who styles himself " GOD THE HOLY GHOST, or CHRIST 2ND !" He writes in the Adelaide Register, in answer to the charge made against him, under the following signa- ture:-."I am ELLISON SPENCE DOUGLAS GROVES, surgeon to the Brightman, and first of English bards ; GOD THE HOLY GHOST," or " CHRIST 2ND ;" and adds, " the judgments of God are verily for this generation. I am the instrument, action, and cause." Such is the man to whom the health and lives of 120 British subjects have been entrusted by the Home Authorities)!...The wheat crop in the Mount Barker district was looking well-the plains crop is indifferent.By the proposed railway to the Burra it is anticipated that goods will be conveyed at from 3d. to 5d. per mile.On the 10th, at,the land sales, the Adelaide Gold Company bought 817 acres of land for ¿£924 14s.On the 14th instant, wheat was quoted at 3s. 3d. to 3. 6d. ; flour, £9 ; barley, 2s. 6d. ; potatoes, 7s. THE HARBOUR- We are gratified to learn that Mr. G. W. Brown, a colonist of nine year« standing, has received the temporary appoint- ment of deputy harbour-master, an office for whioh his long nautical experience as commander of merchant vessels, and his acquaintance with many ports particularly qualifies him. Mr. Quin, also an old colonist, has the temporary ap- pointment of oaptain of the steam tug. We un- derstand that a naval officer is sent for from England to fill the post of deputy harbour master permanently, a step which we think need hardly have been taken, whilo we bave suitable persons to perform the duties in the colony.-.South Ans tralian, Jan 8. PRICE OF WOOL -Mossss. E. N. Emmett and Co. sold 89 bales of wool by auction, at tho Port. Tho terms were cash, the biddings were very brisk, and more could havo been read' y disposed of. The prices woro as follows-50 bales, lOAd. ;. 22 ditto 10¿d. ; 7 ditto 8jd. ; 10ditto 8Jd._Ibid. THE DiaoiNOB.-It will not so much startle the world to hear that there are deposits of gold in the rivers of South Australia, as similar an Inouncemonts lately in reference to Port Phillip, or even California, because its «xUteaoe in regû lar lodes in our mouutains was known several tears ago It is true the preoious metal was not found in sufficient quantities in the mine to en- courage oxtenslvo operations ; but it was natural to suppose that if found in veins in the mountains tt would also bo found in the rivers. About l8 months ago a quantity of gold was discovered in the sands of the Onkaparinga, near the scourco of that river. The secret was communicated, to « chosen few, who gave bond not to divulge it under a penalty of £5000. Tho initiated then commenced a systematic exploration of every river in the colony, from Encounter Bay to Jlonnt Remokable. The rosult of this examina- tion, which extended to 800 miles, was that they confined their scheme entirely.to the banks of tho Onkaparinga. Accordingly at the sale of Cro.wn Lands on Wednesday, a large quantity of land on that river was purchased by Messçs. Noalo and Hector on tho part of a company (whoso Îirospeotus -will bo found in our advertising co- urons); and other lands in tho samo distriot were purchased for very laige suma by Messrs. í'od and Mildred on account of other adventurers, which are said also to abound in gold. Indeed, judging from the prices paid by. the latter gentle- men, in ono case £10 per acre, and in another upwards of £22-per aero, they must be consi- dered by their ov>ners to be peculiarly valuable This high value, we havo heard, arises from the ciroumstance of thoso sections embracing angles of the river, where the deposits aro naturally greatest. These gentlemen also, as appears from our advertising columns, havo reiolved to form a company. In addition to thoso purchases, the first-named adventurers acquired, about ten months ago. from the South Australian Company, a section at £5 per acre, which they con-ddor worth £10,000, and by far the most valuable of the whole ; but tho South Australian Company have, besides this section, lands commanding eight miles of frontage on the Onkaparinga. Mr. Osmond Gilles also has a quantity of land in the very centro of the gold region. The South Aus- tralian Company have been for some time washing for gold in tho Torrens, but now, of course, they will remove their operations to the Onkaparinga. A number of specimens of gold, obtained from black sand, found on tho banks of tho Onkapa- ringa, one of which is about the sizo of a three, penny piece, may be seen at the office of Mr. J. i B. Neales, Exchange Buildings. At tho Victoria ' Gold Mine, also (which is now again worked) richer ore than formoly has bi en discovered. Out of ljlbs. of lode earth. 146 grains, and out, of Jib., trom another part. 114 grains, were lately | taken ; but the expense of labor very much re- presses operations in this department of gold ' mining. It is uunecessary to state, that since the land sales, and the announcement of the above momentous discoveries, the excitement in town, and wherever the facts have become known, is very great; but. of course, until the operations havo fairly commenced, we cannot even guess at tho amount of wealth likely to be acquired by the discoverers of this new GOLD COUNTRY.-, Ibidjan 11. NEW CHUMS ron THE DUST-HOLE -The foi- I lowing convicts were ¡-hipped on board the Lady JDe-i<on. for Hobart Town, on Monday last: Frederick George Cullingford. John Gallicane, Francis Mao Gee, William Slater Norton, und John Cooper, and a deserter from tho 99th regt., named John Brarly. How muoh longer will the Colonial Office continuo to make that fine island the repository of the vagabonds of tho surround- ing colonies? Why do not the inhabitants t.ike example by the Cape, and resist the injustice ?- i South Austialian Sporting Chronicle. THE PORT LINCOLN MINE- Most flourishing | accounts have been received from this locality, the. miners having struck upon a lode of great richness, and so sanguine nre Hie shareholders that nothing short of a second Burra Burra will satisfy their expectations. The proof of tho pudding is in the eating, and the rise in the price . of these shares which must inevitably take placo I in a very few dnys will convince the most incrc- I dulous. Notwithstanding the gold mino fever, copper will turn out the best tpeo. aftor all.- , Ibid. _ I 