BAPTISMAL REGENERATION. Gentlemen-The letter of " An Anglican Church man," which appeared in your paper of Friday, March 11th. speaks in such an authoritative tone, and is written in such a dogmatic style, that whatever effect it may have had on the luckless Churchman against whom it was directed, it turned my own mind with more attention than heretofore, to the subject of Sacraments as taught by our established Church, and in closely studying the catechism I have learned such a lesson as, I must own, I did not before believe, was to be found in the Book of Common Prayer. "An Anglican Churchman"' is quite within his line of orthodoxy is asserting that ' The grace of baptism, and therefore baptism itself is declared in the catechism to be a death unto sin and a new birth unto righteousness.' The catechism does most assuredly teach this. It teaches that the whole is only a part, and that a part is the whole ; that the means is the end, and that the end is the means: this and much more, equally wise, logical, and scriptural, is declared in the catechism, and I question whether more absurdity, con- fusion, contradiction, and error from truth could be found in the same compass in any other work in the English language, than is compressed into the short account of the Sacraments in the catechism in the Church of England. Here our youth are taught to believe that Christ has ordained two sacraments in his Church, viz., Baptism and the Lord's Supper. That the word sacrament means an outward sign of an inward grace : that, in contradic tion to this, a sacrament has two parts, viz., both the outward sign, and the inward grace; so that however absurd and impossible it may be in the nature of things, yet against both reason and true philosophy, we must believe that this so called sacrament, is both the sign and the thing signified ; that a part is the whole, and the whole is only a part. On both the horns of this dilemma the catechism impales the church, and I defy the utmost skill of her friends to extricate her, but by cutting down the catechism and returning to the Scrip- tures of truth as the only standard of faith. But again, we are taught that the word sacrament means an outward and visible sign, which, to say the best of it, is mere tautology, for how can an outward sign be invisible? An invisible sign, is visibly an absurdity, a nonentity ? yet, strange to say, this absurd nonentity, is in the catechism, declared to exist in the Church of Christ as by law established in England ; for we are told ' Water wherein the person is baptised in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, is the outward, visible sign,' yet, to, perhaps, nine hundred and ninety nine of every thousand who consider them selves members of the English national church, water- baptism is altogether invisable. They have no knowledge at all of the fact, they only believe the act was performed ; and that faith rests entirely on oral, or written testi mon, or both combined; but this testimony, however true in itself, is not the water in which the person is baptised, and if not, where, I ask, is the visible sign ? But admitting, for argument's sake, the validity of verbal and written evidence in the case, still the matter is little better; for witnesses of the fact die off, registers are often destroyed, and always are liable to accidents : but even when safe, they are not always at hand, nor a copy of them. My own case in an instance in point. I never saw my own baptismal register, nor a certificate of it. It may, for ought I know to the contrary, be safe in the parish church of Mottram, in Longdendale, Cheshire, England, but what is that to me in South Australia as a sign that I now am or even was born again of the Spirit and made a child of grace ? The witnesses of the fact I have reason to believe are all dead, and if not, I left them in the neighbourhood of the register, they are not here; and as the water did not, like circumcision, leave a mark in the flesh, I have neither visible sign to see, nor out ward pledge to show, for my own or other's assurance that I have the inward grace, and how many are there in this colony in the same case? So far as water-baptism is concerned in the matter, for any thing we can prove to the contrary, we may, to this day, be the children of wrath even as others. According to what is 'declared in the catechism ' our titles to the heavenly inheritance are placed on a more precarious foundation, and test on a far more dubious evidence than earthly titles, though surrounded and assailed by thieves of all sorts. Baptism is not only called "a death unto sin, and a new birth unto righteousness" but is said to be "an inward and spiritual grace" but why not invisible grace? it ought to have read thus to agree with the former clause of the sentence ; or, the former clause should have read 'an outward and a temporal sign.' But even this restoration of the sentence to a unity with itself in construction, would not have purged the passage from error. I can conceive how, faith, hope, charity, meekness, gentleness, love, goodness, patience, and the like, are graces; yes, inward graces; spiritual graces which adorn the Christian; but how any change of con trition can, with propriety, be called a grace, I cannot comprehend ; and I can no more conceive how the new birth can be a grace, than I can, how natural birth can be beauty, strength, or mind; or how the means can be the end. That scripture as well as reason is opposed to this catechism doctrine is easily shown. None will deny that Jesus baptised his disciples, and amongst the rest his apostles, no doubt : but the Holy Ghost did not descend upon them until the day of Pentecost. Here we have a remarkable instance of water baptism preceeding that gift. We have another case in the history of the Gospel being preached by Phillip at Samaria, where, though the people with one accord gave heed to the things spoken by Phillip, yet the holy ghost was not given until Peter and John paid them a visit; and with respect to Simon, Peter declares him to be in the gall of bitterness and in the bond of iniquity, and tells him that his heart is not right with God ; yet he was baptised with water. On the other hand, in the well known case of Cornelias and his friends, the Holy Ghost was given first, and they were baptised afterwards. These Scrip ture facts completely overthrew water baptism regene ration, as taught in the church catechism. It is not baptism only that is placed in a false light by the catechism. The Lord's Supper is also seen as distorted when viewed through this medium; for we have here a repetition of all the absurdities, contradictions, and impossibilities which accompany baptism. The Lord's Supper is a sacrament,— a sacrament is an out ward and visible sign of an inward and spiritural grace; a sacrament has two parts, viz., the outward sign and the inward grace ; bread and wine are the outward sign ; The body and blood of Christ are the inward and spiritual grace :— The body and blood of Christ are (not symboli cally, but) verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper. Now, I ask, why go into the church of Rome for transubstantiation ? We have the doctrine here double distilled; for the body and blood of Christ are transmuted into an inward and spiritual grace, and the eating of bread and drinking of wine is a means whereby, a sign, as witness; and a pledge, as proof; to assure us that we have verily and indeed, taken and received the body and blood of Christ. Further, the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was ordained for the continual remembrance of the death of Christ, and the benefits we receive by that death; yet again, these benefits, vis., the strengthening and refresh ing of our souls are communicated to the faithful by the body and blood of Christ being verily and indeed taken and received is the Lord's Supper, which involves the monstrous absurdity of the death of Christ being the body and blood of Christ ; or that the body and blood of Christ were his death, for the benefits are attributed to each as the cause. We have heard a good deal of late of the established Church's leanings to Popery, and what wonder? All along she has been stealthily sucking the natural milk of her repudiated mother, though not daring too publicly to avow it, and no marvel, she sure longs after the old home of the guide of her youth : but only give back to the Church, her dolls and her dollrags; restore her baby houses and rar--shews and Dr Pusey and friends are all right, for the creed needs but little emendation; indeed, it may do well enough, even as it is, for besides the above-named, many other monstrocities are involved in the catechism's teaching under the heed, Sacraments. Puseyites and Oxford tractarians are far more consistent with their creed than these of their brethren who see the light, but strangle their own consciences and continue to work in the mire. Luke Broadbent. March I8th, 1850. 