TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. JONATIhAN or.LD-DUST. S8Rn,-It appears I had mistaken the symptoms of "Jonathan Gold-dust's" complaint. He is not suffering from a bilious affection. He says his bile was not excited "at all, at all," and that he actually !aughed. It is, sir, worthy of record: "Jonathan Gold-dnat" laughed, and wheat only 3s. Od. per bushel. What kind of a laugh it was, your. readers can easily imagine. In my school days I have seen a youngster under chastisement lan'gh first, and cry afterwards, proving, according to general estimation,--more cry than laiggh. I have watched the symptoms of your corres pondent's complaint, as they have developed themselves from time to time in your columns, and have no hesitation in determinining that he is laboring tinder an acute attack of yellow fever, and in the delirinm attendant upon tihe disorder, Ithe has forsaken the regions of common sense, and luxuriates in unsubstantial visions. Poor;lncklesa wight, with the dawning of reason and the disuse of the opiate, I ant afraid the actual prospects of the wheat market will be too muclh for his sliat tored nerves; and lie may rue the day Ihe was ever induced to speculate in the corn trade,-whichl has ruined many a better and weightier nman tllan himself. I have read through lhis two last efforts, IwhIich are altogetlher beside the mark-a complete begging of the question. However, leaving friend "Jonathan" to rejoice in his sobriquet, as well as in the fancied requirements of California, I would ask,-h.ave not both the demand and the price been greatly exaggerated ? The immense popn lation was an error, and a fatal one for your cor respondent: upon that Ihe based all his elaborate calenlations, and has deceived himself;-lhapplly, there the mischief will end, for the folly was too transparent to draw a single isslisidual into tieo like extravagance. He had no sooner put forward his erroneous calculations and insane advice, than authentic news was received which blasted all his hopes: bat lie was urged on by despair to make another, antl yet another, effort to ndvance the price of wheat beyond its legitimate valne. My former statement that the price of flour at California was only fifty pounds per ton, excited " Jonatlipn's" derision. What will lie now say to your quotation of Chili flour at $12 per 200lbe., or £24 per ton; and beat American, $12 per barrell Sorely he will laugh again. His draft. prospectus of the new firm of Aliquis, Humbug, and Co,, is In keeping with his previous insolent observations respecting the Launceston mer chants; bult while their mercantile character is above suspicion, an impartial public will convict " Jonathan Gold-dust" of miarepresention, for the sole purpose of reaping a personal advantage, The last news from California it is inpossible "Jonathan" can survive: but should his ghost still walk the earth- still be chained down to this sublinary sphereby his passion for goldt-and still haunt the pages of the Examiner, I promiseo'never to come into collision witll anything so intangible and unrealas tile ghost of" Jonathan Gold-dust." -Yours, AaIQU1S. April 16. 