SHORT CUTS ACROSS THE GLOBE. '[From Dickens' Household Words.] To a person who wishes to sail to California an inspection of the map of the world reveals a provoking peculiarity.' The Atlantic Ocean-the highway of the globe-being separated from the Pacific by the great western continent, it is impossible to sail to the opposite coast without going thousands of miles out of his way; for he must double Cape Horn. Yet a closer inspection of the map will discover that but for one little barrier of land, which is in size but a grain of sand to the bed of the ocean, the passage would be direct. Were it not for that small neck of land, the Isthmus of Panama (which riarrows in one place to twenty-eight miles) he-might save a voyage of from six to eight thousand miles, and pass at once into the Pacific Ocean. Again, if his desires tend towards the East, he perceives that but for the Isthmus of Suez, he would not be obliged to double the Cape of Good Hope. The Eastern difficulty has been partially obviated by the overland route opened up by the ill-rewarded Waghorn. The western barrier has yet to be broken through, Now that we can shake hands with Brother Jonathan in twelve days by means of weekly steamers; travel from one end of Great Bri tain to another, or from Hudson to the Ohio, fast as the wind, and make our words dance to distant friends upon the magic tight wire a great deal faster-now that the European and Columbian Saxon is spreading his chil dren more or less over all the known habit able world; it seems extraordinary that the simple expedient of opening a twenty-eight mile passage between the Pacific and the Atlantic Oceans, to save a dangerous voyage of some eight thousand miles, has not been already achieved. In this age of enterprise that so simple a remedy for so great an evil should not have been applied appears most astonishing. Nay we ought to feel some shame when we reflect that evidences in the neighbourhood of both Isthmuses exist of such junctions having existed, in what we are pleased to designate " barbarous" ages. Does nature present insurmountable engi neering difficulties to the Panama scheme ? By no means; for after the Croton aque duct, our own railway tunnelling and the Britannia tubular bridge, engineering diffi culties have become obsolete. Are the levels of the Pacific and the Gulph of Mexico, which should be joined, so different, that if one were admitted the fall would inundate the surrounding country ? Not at all. Hear Humbolt on these points. Forty years ago he declared it to be his firm opinion that " the Isthmus of Panama is suited to the formation of an oceanic canal -one with fewer sluices than the Caledonian Canal-capable of affording an unimpeded passage, at all seasons of the year, to vessels of that class which sail between New York and Liverpool, and between Chili and Cali fornia. In the recent edition of his Views of Vature, he " sees no reason. to alter the views he has always entertained on this sub ject." Engineers, both British and Ameri can, have confirmed this opinion by actual survey. As, then, combination of British skill, capital, and energy, with that of the inost " go-ahead" people upon earth, have been dormant, whence the secret of the delay ? The answer at once allays astonish ment :-Till the present time, the specula tion would not have paid. Large works of this nature, while they create an inconceivable development of com merce, must have a certain amount of tra ding population to begin upon. A gold beater can cover the effigy of a man on horse back with a sovereign; but he must have the sovereign first. It was not merely be cause the full power of the iron rail to facil itate the transition of heavy burdens had not been estimated, and because no Stephen son had constructed a Rocket engine, that a railway with steam locomotive was not made from London to Liverpool before 1836. Until the intermediate traffic between these termini had swelled to a sufficient amount in quantity and value to bear reimbursement for establishing such a mode of conveyance, its execution would have been impossible, even though men had known how to set about it. What has been the condition of the coun tries under consideration? In 1839 the entire population of the tropical American Isthmus, in the states of central America and New Grenada did not exceed three millions. The number of the inhabitants of pure European descent did not exceed one hundred thousand. It was only among this inconsiderable fraction that anything like wealth, intelligence and enterprise, akin to that of Europe, was to be found; the rest were poor and ignorant aboriginals and mixed races, in a state of dermi- civilisation. Throughout this thinly-peopled and poverty stricken region, there was neither law nor government. In Stephen's Central America may be found an amusing account of a hunt after a government, by a luckless American diplomatist, who had been sent to seek for one in central America. A night wanderer running through bog and brake after a will o'-the-wisp could not have encountered more perils, or been in search of a more palpable phantom.. In short, there was nobody to trade with. To the south of the Isthmus, along the Pacific coast of America, there was only one station to which merchants could resort with any fair prospect of gain-Val paraiso. Except Chili, all the Pacific States were retrograding from a very imperfect civil isation, under a succession of petty and aim less revolutions. To the north of the Isthmus matters were little, if anything, better. Mexico had gone backwards from the time of its revolution; and at the best its commerce in the Pacific had been con fined to a yearly ship between Acapulco and the Phillipines. Thoughout California and Oregon, with the exception of a few Euro pean and half-bred members, there were none but savage aboriginal tribes. The Russian settlements in the far nortli had nothing but a paltry trade in furs with Kamschatka, that barely defrayed its own expenses. Nei ther was there any encouragement to make a short cut to the innumerable islands of the Pacific. The whole of Polynesia lay out of the pale of civilization. In Tahiti, the Sandwich group: and the northern peninsula of New Zealand, missionaries had barely sowed the first seeds of morals and enlight enment. The limited commerce of China and the Eastern Archipelago was engrossed by Europe, and took the route by the Cape of Good Hlope, with the exception of a few annual vessels that traded from the sea-board States of the North American Union to Val paraiso and Canton. The wool of New South Wales was but coming into notice, and found its way to England alone round the Cape of Good Hope. An American fleet of whalers scoured the Pacific, and adventurers of the same nation carried on a desultory and in considerable traffic in hides with California, in tortoise-shell and mother of pearl with the Polynesian Islands. What then would have been the use of cutting a canal, through which there would not have passed five ships in a tweivemonth? But twenty years have worked a wondrous revolution in the state and prospects of these regions. The traffic of Chili has received a large development, and the stability of its institu tions has been fairly tried. The resources of Costa Rica, the population of which is mainly of European race, is steadily advanc ing. American citizens have founled a state in Oregon. The Sandwich !slands have become for all practical purposes an American Colony. The trade with China to which the proposed canal would open a convenient avenue by a western instead of the present eastern route-is no loiger re stricted to the Canton river, but is )pen to all nations as far as the YangtseKiang. The navigation of the Amur has beenopened to the Russians by a treaty, and cannot longer remain closed against the Inglish and American settlers between Mexco and the Russian settlements in America. Tahiti has become a kind of commercial emlorium. The English settlements in Austrdia and New Zealand have opened a direo trade with the Indian Archipelago and China. The permanent settlements of theintelli gent and enterprising Anglo-Americms and English in Polynesia, and on the easten and western shores of the Pacifico, have pried so many denots for the adventurous tadcrs with its innumerable islands, and for the spermoceti whalers. Then the last, but greate it addition of.pll, is California : a name in the world of comimerce and enterprise to conjure with. There is gold to be had for fetching. Gold, the main-spring of com mercial activity, the reward of toil- for which men are ready to risk life, to endure every sort of privation; sometimes, alas! to sacrifice- every virtue ; pne most especially, and that ispatience. They will away with her now. Till this discovery of the n :w Gold coun try how contentedly they dawdled round Cape Horn; creeping down one coast and up another; but now such delay is not to be thought of. Already, indeed, Panama has been the seat of a greatly increasing and perennial transit trade. This cannot fail to augmept the settled population of the region, its wealth and intelligence. Upon these facts ute "rest the conviction that the time has arrived for realising the project of a ship canil there or in the near neighbourhood. That a ship canal, and not a railway, is what is first wanted (for very soon there will be both,) must be obvious to all acquainted with the practical details of commerce. The delay and expence to which merchants are subjected, when obliged to " break bulk" repeatedly between the port whence they sail and that of their destination, is extreme. The waste and spoiling of goods; the cost of the operation, are also heavy drawbacks, and to these they are subject by the stormy passage round Cape Horn. Two points present themselves offering great facilities for the execution of a ship canal. The one is in the immediate vicinity of Panama; where the many imperfect ob servations which have hitherto been made, are yet sufficient to leave no doubt that, as thodeistance is comparatively short, the sum mit levels are inconsiderable, and the supply of water ample. The other is some distance to the northward. The Isthmus is there broader, but is in part occupied by the large and deep fresh-water lakes of Nicaragua and Naragua. The lake of Nicaragua communi cates with the Atlantic by a copious river, which may either be rendered navigable, or be made the source of supply for a side canal. The space between the two lakes is of con siderable extent, and presents no great en gineering difficulties. The elevation of the lake of Naragua above the Pacific is incon siderable; there is no hill range between it and the gulph of Canchagua; and Captain Sir Edward Belcher carried his surveying ship Sulphur 60 miles up the Estero Real, which rises near the lake, and falls into the gulf. The line of the Panama canal pre sents, as Humbolt remarks, facilities equal to those of the line of the Caledonian canal. The Nicaragua line is not more difficult than that of the canal of Languedock, a work executed between 1660 and 1662, at a time when the commerce to be expedited by it not exceed-if it equalled-that which will find its way across the Isthmus; when great part of the maritime country was thus thinly inhabited by as poor a population as the Isthmus now is; and when the last sub siding storms of civil war, and the dragon nades of Louis XIV., unsettled men's minds and made person and property insecure. The cosmopolitan effects of such an un dertaking, if prosecuted to -a successful close, it is impossible even approximately to estimate. The acceleration it will commu nicate to the already rapid progress of civil isation in the Pacific is obvious. And no less obvious are the beneficial effects it will have upon the mutual relations of civilised states, seeing that the recognition of the independence and neutrality in times of general war of the canal and the region through which it passes, is indispensible to its establishment. We have dwelt principally on the com mercial, the economical considerations of the enterprise, for they are what must render it possible. But the friends of Christian mis sions, and the advocates of Universal Peace among nations, have yet a deeper interest in it. In the words used by Prince Albert at the dinner at the Mansion House respecting the forthcoming great Exhibition of Arts and Industry, " Nobody who has paid any atten tion to the particular features of our present era, will doubt for a moment that we are living at a period of most wonderful transi tion, which tends rapidly to accomplish that great end-to which indeed all history points -the realisation of the unity of mankind. Not a unity which breaks down the limits and levels the peculiar characteristics of the different nations of the earth, but rather a unity the result and product of those very national varieties and antagonistic qualities. The distances which separated the different nations and parts of the globe are gradually vanishing before the achievements of modern invention, and we can traverse them with incredible speed; the language of all nations are known, and their acquirements placed within the reach of every body; thought is communicated with rapidity, and even by the power of lightning." Every short cut across the globe brings man in closer communion with his distant brotherhood, results in concord, prosperity, and peace. A scheme has been propounded in London to construct a railroad from Calais to Moul tan. Estimated capital, £34,000,000. TIHE FIRST INTRODUCTION OF PUNCHn AND JUDY.-I bought the show of old Porsini, the man as first brought Punch into the stireets of England. To be sure there. was a woman over here with it before him. Her name was -, I can't think of it just now, but she never performed in the streets, so we consider Porsini to be our real forefather. It isn't much more nor seventy years sirice Porsini-he was a wery old man when he died, and blind,-showed the exhibition in the streets of London. i've heerd tell that old Porsini used to take very often as much as £10 a day, and he used to sit down to his fowls and wine, and the very best of everything, like the first gennel men.in the land-indeed he made enough money at the business to be quite a tip-top gennelman, that he did. But he never took care of a halfpenny he got. He was that indipendant that if he was wanted to perform, sir, he'd come at his time, not your'n. At last he reduced himself to want, and died in St. Giles's workhouse. Ah, poor fellow ! he oughtn't to have been allowed to die where he did, after amusing the public for so many years. Every one in London knowed him. Lords, dukes, princes, squires and wagabonds-all used to stop to laugh at his performance, and a funny clever old fellow he was. He was past performing when I bought my show of him, and wery poor. He was living in the Coal-yard, Drury-lane, and had scarcely a bit of food to eat. He had spent all he had got in drink, and in treating friends-aye, any one, no matter who. He didn't study the world nor himself neither. As fast as the money came it went, and when it was gone why he'd go to work and get more. His show was a very inferior one, though it were the fust-nothing at all like them about now-. nothing near as good. If you only had four sticks then, it was quite enough to make plenty of money out of, so long as it was Punch. I gave him 35s. for the stand, figures and all. I bought it cheap you see, for it was thrown on one side, and was of no use to any one but such as myself. There was twelve figures and the other happyratus, such as the gallows, ladder, horse, bell, and stuffed dog. The characters were-Punch, Judy, Child, Beadle, Scaramouch, Nobody, Jack Ketch, the Grand Senoor, the Doctor, the Devil, (there was no ghost used then), Merry Andrew, and the Blind Man. These last two keracters are quite done with now. Mletropolitan Commissioner of the Morning Chronicle. A Good EXAaILE--The ReT. W. Colton, a chaplain in the United States navy, gives an instance, in a work just published, of fidelity amongst rats. " On a bright moon light evening we discovered two rats on the plank coming into the ship. The foremost was leading the other by a straw, one end of which each held in his mouth. We managed to capture them both, and found to our surprise, the one led by the other was stone blind. His faithful friend was trying to got him on board, where he would have comfortable quarters during a three years' cruise." 