STEAM COMMUNICATION WITH THE WEST INDIES AND PACIFIC. In the Times of October 22, was pub- lished a statement showing the saving in distance and time that could be effeced by an alteration in the routes of the West India mail steamers to and from the Gulf of Mexico, by avoiding the port of Mobile. Such statement likewise ex- hibited the cause of decline in the extent of passenger traffic, and the still more prejudicial effects which may be antici- pated to follow a persistence in the ex- isting plan, by reason of the active com- petition organized by lines of American mail steamers. These remarks embraced only the monthly Mexican Gulf route, and did not refer to the separate monthly communi- cation now kept up by the Royal West India mail steamers, between England, Panama, and the Pacific. The importance of the latter route demands a distinct notice, particularly when viewed in connexion with the lines of American steam-ships in existence and in contemplation, and also as regards the importance, in a national point of view, of the line to and from the Isthmus of Panama, across which a vast and increasing amount of traffic must flow to and from the gold regions of California, the west coast of America, the numerous ports in the Pacific, and pro- bably from Australia and New Zealand. The subject acquires additional im- portance, and the necessity of an inde- pendent trunk line to the Isthmus of Panama (to which the other lines should be feeders), and which should be carried out by steam ships of greater power, is the more apparent, when taken in con- nexion with the disposition of the Government to extend steam communi- cation to South Australia and New Zea- land by way of Panama, in preference to the originally contemplated route via Southampton, Alexandria, and Singa- pore, from the latter of which places thte Peninsular and Oriental Steam Naviga- tion Company proposed to extend their line to the Australian and New Zealand ports. It is understood that the Govern- ment will shortly be prepared to receive tenders for conveying these mails by either of the two routes referred to. The respective distances are estimated as nearly as possible as follows :— ISTHMUS OF SUEZ ROUTE. Miles. Southampton to Gibraltar .. 1,150 Gibraltar to Malta .. .. 1,032 Malta to Alexandria .. .. 856 Alexandria to Aden .. .. 1,600 Aden to Ceylon .. .. 2,150 Ceylon to Penang .. .. 1,200 Penang to Singapore .. .. 500 Singapore to Batavia. .. .. 600 Batavia to Torres Straits .. 2,400 Torres Straits to Sydney .. 1,800 Total—Southampton to Sydney 13,288 To which add — Sydney to Port Nicholson (New Zealand).1,200 Making a total of .. .. 14,488 from England to Australia, and New Zealand. The present voyage from Southampton to Singapore occupies 49 or 50 days, and, supposing the remainder of the distance to be performed by steamers at an average minimum speed of 8 knots, the total voyage would occupy (includ- ing stoppages,) say, 80 to 84 days. The Panama route would stand thus— Miles. Southampton to Fayal.., 1,873 Fayal to St. Thomas's .. 2,249 St. Thomas's to Chagres.. 1,120 Panama to Tahiti .. .. 4,490 Tahiti to Port Nicholson (New Zealand).2,380 Port Nicholson to Sydney .. 1,200 Southampton to Port Nichol- son and Sydney .. .. 12,702 The distances used as above from Panama to Australia are not calculated for the great circle, but th«eshortest distance, or the track which a steamer would probably pursue. This, however, would necessarily be modified by the pre- vailing winds. From Panama to Tahiti the winds would generally be favourable ; from Tahiti to Port Nicholson less so. Reversing the rule for opposite directions, different courses might be taken at various seasons. Presuming the voyage from Southampton to the Isthmus of Panama to occupy 28 days, and that the distance from Panama be accomplished at an average speed of eight knots (as allowed to the steamers from Singa- pore), and allowing for the necessary stoppages, the voyage throughout would be performed in 68 or 72 days, or on the voyage from England to New Zealand and Australia showing a saving of 2,186 miles in distance, and of 10 to 13 days in time. It is, of course, im- possible to state with any degree of cor- ,rectness which of the two routes, on the whole, pcosesses the greatest advantages, or which will ultimately be preferred, but of the Panama plan it may be said that not only does it offer the advantage of being the shortest, straightest, and most direct track to the Australasian colonies, but also that the difficulties and danger of the navigation are far less, when contrasted with the dangers and in- tricacies of the navigation from Singa- pore to Sydney, northward of Australia, including the coasts of New Guinea, Borneo, Timor, and Torres Straits, which would have to be traversed by the steamers connected with the Suez scheme. THE HOLY CITY.—In his concluding lecture on Palestine, Mr. Buckingham gave a description of the Holy City, pointing out its many interesting loca- lities, and drawing valuable lessons from the wonderful associations by which they are consecrated. Jerusalem, he observed, was originally called Salem. This word was found in three lan- guages, translated with a slight differ- ence; in Hebrew, it meant strength ; in Persian, security ; in Arabic, peace. The city extended along the sloped summit of a ridge of hills. The point of view from which it was seen to the greatest advantage was on the Mount of Olives, to the west, overlooking the Valley of Jehosaphat. This mount being elevated above the city, a bird's eye view might be had of all it contained. Jerusalem was surrounded by walls, and it was supposed that their foundations were the same as those originally built by Solo- mon, as Titus only razed the walls to the level of the ground. The super- structure was Saracenic. There were seven gates leading into the city, two of which were always closed; the others were opened at sunrise and closed at sunset. The principal building in Jerusalem was the great Mosque of Omar, situated in a beautiful and spa- cious quadrangular court, of white polished marble. The exterior of the greater part of the private dwelling- houses displayed no beauty, but wore an extremely cheerless, gloomy aspect; in the interior, however, a far different scene astonished the eyes of those to whom the interests of friendship granted admittance. There, after passing along dull narrow corridors, the visitor entered upon beautiful marble courts, enlivened by streaming fountains , beyond which were highly-decorated apartments, dis- playing gorgeous hangings, embroidered couches, &c.; The dresses of the in- mates, of both sexes, were sometimes magnificent, sparkling with brilliant jewels But all th i costly splendour was strictly secret, shut up, hidden from the majority of their fellow citizens. The reason of this was, that the Turks, who were as avaricious as they were powerful, would, if conscious of the wealth thus indicated, endeavour, un- der some false pretext, to deprive the owners of it. The population of Jeru- salem consisted of Turks, Arabs, and Jews. The two former, though often confused in the ideas of some, who did not distinguish one from the other, were widely different in every respect. The climate of Samarcand and its neigh- bourhood, the original home of the Turk was mild, and his complexion was fair, and frequently ruddy, while that of the Arab, whose native land was one of the hottest in the world, was of a dark mulatto colour, though his features were extremely symme- trical. Then the former was in figure inclined to corpulence, fond of luxury, averse to exercise. The latter, on the contrary, w s slender, active, and totally indifferent to the pleasures of the table or the comforts of life. The language of the Arab, in sound, was harsh and dissonant, but notwithstanding, it was considered next to the Hebrew, the most replete and beautiful, in expression, of all the Oriental lan- guages. The Turkish language was beautifully harmonious, but very poor in expression, and could boast of no literature. In dress, the one was care- less and simple, the other gaudy, pro- fuse, and full of ornament. During Easter, the population of Jerusalem was often doubled by the influx of Christians from the remotest parts of the world, who came on pilgrimage. Mount Calvary, Mr. Buckingham re- marked, was hardly worthy the name of a mountain, being but an eminence of thirty feet. It took its name, Gol- gotha, from a piece of rock which pro- jected behind in the form of a human head. Large fissures divided the rock in several places, the effect of the earth- quake which rent the ground asunder at the crucifixion of our Saviour. In the valley of Jehoshaphat, at the base olf Mount Olive, lay Gethsemane, full of beautiful olive trees, some of which were said to be the oldest in the world, and were doubtless the very same upon which our Lord had often gazed. Many other spots, full of interest in connexion with the history of the Christian faith, were successively visited, and dwelt upon with much truth of feeling, all the available information relating to them being at the same time gathered and set before the audience in a clear and striking light. A more useful and instructive course of lectures, we should say, than Mr. Buckingham's, never was delivered. AN AMERICAN ROMANCE.— Only n few days since an aged citizen of Phila- delphia was waited upon by a stranger, who asked to have a few moments' con- versation with him in private. The opportunity was afforded with great cheerfulness. The western merchant (for such, indeed, he was) was ushered into the parlour of the Philadephian, when something like the following cov- versation took place :—" You seem to have forgotten me, Mr. H.?" " I have an indistinct recollection of having seen you before, and the tone of your voice is not unfamiliar ; but beyond this my memory fails."-"My name is Charles B——, and twenty years ago I was an inmate of a Philadelphian prison, of which you were a frequent, a benevolent, and a kind-hearted visitor." " I re- member, I remember," said the other, brightening, smiling, and warmly grasp- the hand of the stranger; "you look so well, and have improved so greatly, that I hope, nay, I feel satisfied, all has gone right with you." A tear trembled in the eye of the other at so cordial and kindly a recognition ; his voice failed for a moment, but then rallying again, he proceeded to tell his story. At the age of fifteen he was a neglected orphan, and with fine natural talents, a cheerful disposition, and a good heart, he was thrown into the society of the vile and dissolute, in one of the most wretched sections of Philadelphia county. There, in connection with several other lads, equally deserted, or misled, he com- mitted, was arrested for, and cov- victed of, theft. While in prison, he was visited again and again by the Philadelphia philanthropist, who succeeded not only in eradicating the vicious views he had imbibed, but in showing him the folly of vice and the certainly of its punishment, and in- spiring him with a determination to act correctly the moment he should be released. The visitor was satisfied with his sincerity, and gradually took a deep interest in his case. At the expiration of his sentence, he provided him with the means, and having stated all the facts, in a confidential manner, to a friend in the west, obtained him a situation in a flourishing city in that section of the Union. The youth was overwhelmed with gratitude—he had found a friend for the first time in his brief career. His course, from that moment, was on- ward. He speedily won the confidence of his employer, on whose death, ten years thereafter, he succeeded to a large share in his business. "I am now," he said " an equal partner in the repu- table and prosperous house of —— and Co. of ——; and I have visited Phila- delphia, not only on business, but with the object of seeking out and returning my heart-warm acknowledgments to my early, my ever-cherished, my often-re- membered benefactor. The old merchant wept with joy at such a reform, and acknowledged that this single incident had repaid him for the hours and days and weeks he had devoted, always prayerfully, to the blessed cause o!f kindness and prison reform.—Philadel- phia Paper. PARIS FASHIONS FOR THE NEW YEAR.—The general mourning for the lamented Queen Adelaide will deprive the January fashions of the attraction of colour; and on this account the Parisian toilettes are unavailable. We shall not then, speak of the hues which pervade assemblies, but simply of the shapes which are most in vogue. Morning dresses are chiefly made with plain bodies, open up the front ; some are worn blouse fashion ; but these are only tolerated by the fireside. These peignoirs have the backs tight, and the fronts loose and flowing; they are made of levantine, lined with silk, and well wadded ; they are warm garments, very convenient and easy to invalid and delicate persons. Jaquettes have become so very general, thal they cau no longer be classed as fashions ; they are nearly relinquished by the elegantes who pique themselves on the style of their toilette : they are worn of velvet, silk, cloth, merino, and even of knitted wool. Black crapes, t areges, and tarlatans are employed for evening dresses, which are trimmed with ribbons and flowers, either crape or jet for deep mourning, and they are very becoming. It is well known that in Spain black is chosen by ladies as a mark of ele- gance. Furs are the great luxury of this month, and dresses are trimmed and cloaks lined with them. Sable is the most esteemed and the richest for walking dress ; ermine is only worn in the carriage, or to evening parties. This fur is so handsome that it requires great luxury to accompany it, to be comme il faut. The choice of furs which a woman wears is considered to indicate the rank which she holds in the aris- tocracy of elegance. We see Parisians attach a great importance to the furs which they wear. Some attempts have been made to ornament bonnets with bands of fur ; but this heavy, ungrace- ful trimming has not been adopted. Bonnets are worn rather larger, the shape still more open than last month. Black satin drawn bonnets, trimmed very simply with a fall, are much worn. They are ornamented sometimes with a bunch of small feathers ; when there is no lace fall, they put on the edge of the poke a double puffing of gauze. Black crape bonnets are likewise much worn : on the edge of the poke and on the crown is a trimming of black mara- bouts; this trimming is very becoming. Worsted laces are exceedingly in vogue. They are much used to ornament mantles, and to edge silks; richly worked the transparency of their tissue equals the most beautiful blonds ; they are true winter trimmings. THE ROYAL CONTRIBUTION TO MR. SYDNEY HERBERT'S EMIGRATION FUND. Her Majesty the Queen, and his Royal Highness the Prince Albert, have been graciously pleased to contribute a do- nation of £500 to the fund for the pro- motion of Female Emigration. In for- warding this contribution, her Majesty was, we understand, pleased to express her approval of Mr Sydney Herbert's " Practical measure for the assistance of the working classes." A first sub- scription list of the new fund thus headed by her Majesty and his Royal Highness, has been published. Amongst the other subscribers, two of whom put down their names for £500, two for £300, and twenty-eight for £100,—are the Right Hon. Sydney Herbert, M.P. £500; the Most Noble the Marquis of Westminster, £500 ; the Right Hon. Lord R. Grosvenor, M.P. £300 ; Messrs. Truman, Hanbury, Buxton, and Co. £300 ; Sir Edward North Buxton, Bart. M.P. £200; the Duke of Sutherland, K.G. £ 100; the Duke of Portland, £100; Right Hon. Lord J. Russell, M.P. £100; S. J. Loyd, Esq. £100; the Earl of Harrowby, £50; J. Labouchere, Esq. £5o ; G. V. Harcourt, Esq. M.P. £50; Frances, Countess of Waldegrave, £50 ; Sir T. D. Acland, Bart., M.P. £50; Lord Ashley, M.P. £4; the Right Hon J. S. Wortley, M.P. £40; the Hon. Mrs. Stuart-Wortley, £10; Right Hon. Sir C. Wood, Bart. M.P. Chancellor of the Exchequer, £30 ; Rev. Dr. Thorpe, £20 ; Lady Mary Wood, £20 ; Sir Robt. H. Inglis, Bart., M.P. £20; Viscount Mahon, £10; the Viscount Jocelyn, M.P. £10; Joseph Hume, Esq., M.P. £5 ; Lord John Manners, £5; Rev. J. Sherman, £5; Mrs. Maurice (per the Rev. J. Sherman) £5; Capt. W. Peel, R. N. £5. THE MANUFACTURE OF STEEL PENS. At a late meeting of the Belfast Phi- losophical Society, Dr. Steveley gave the following account of the manufac- ture of steel pens at Birmingham. The persons employed in this manufacture are chiefly women. Sheets of Sheffield steel are used, and are first placed in iron vessels filled with layers of fine charcoal, and put in a furnace, when they become softened and receive a full charge of carbon. They are then cut into ribbons by a peculiar machine; next put into revolving vessels with gravel stones and brick dust, in which the irregularities of the oxidised surface are rubbed away. They are afterwards run between iron rollers, from which they issue much thinner and highly polished. They are then carried to rooms where a number of peculiar machines, attended by women, effect the succeeding opera- tions. First, the shapes of the pen are cut out of the sheet by a die, then, they are nicked at the place where the slit is to terminate, then bent into the shape, then stamped with names. They are afterwards tempered by being placed in a furnace, and heated to a cherry-red, and immediately plunged into oil, from which they are taken out as brittle as glass. The next process is to put the pens into a machine like a coffee- roaster, and by slowly turning they are brought to a temper. They are then put into a revolving machine, with saw- dust, brick-dust, and water, and come out polished. After this, they are again given into the hands of the women, who, by the aid of the peculiar ma- chines adapted to these purposes, polish the points of the pens across, and give the slit. The accuracy of the slit is tried with each individual pen, on a small ivory thimble, and they are sorted into qualities, and some rejected. They are finally packed in boxes for sale. MINISTERIAL DECISION ON THE CANA- DIAN SEPARATION QUESTION.—It is understood that Parliament will re-as- semble for the despatch of business on Tuesday, the 3d of February. * * * The Cabinet has had under its conside- ration the effects of a severance between the mother country and her Canadian possessions. The conclusion arrived at is, that England would be no actual loser were the Canadas to carry their threat of separation into effect. The result of a careful examination of the Canadian connection, in all its aspects, is, that so far from England being a sufferer from the renunciation of their allegiance to the British Crown, on the part of the Cana- dians, she would be an actual gainer. It is a well-ascertained fact that the ex- penses of the connection have more than counterbalanced its advantages. The maintenance of that part of our colonial possessions subjects us to a yearly expen- diture of more than £800,000 in hard cash. Will any one tell us that the Canadas confer on us benefits at all equi- valent to this? It may, indeed, be doubted whether our exports to the Canadas would not be as great after the threatened separation as they have been at any former period. At any rate, we speak advisedly when we say that this country will be no loser by the cecession of the Canadas. That is certainly the conclusion at which Ministers have ar- rived, after the most ample and most careful deliberation. On that conclusion thev have resolved to act. When the session meets, we shall see the fact brought fully before the public, with the grounds on which the Cabinet has come to the resolution at which it has ar- rived.—Morning Advertiser. A NEW TELEGRAPH COMPANY.— A new telegraph company has been re- cently formed, under the firm of Howse, Brett, and Wilmer, who, it is said, are to introduce their form of telegraph into various countries ; Mr. Howse, who is an American, to have the sole manage- ment of the business in the United States ; Mr. Brett over the continent of Europe; and Mr Wilmer in this country. We leam that a recent trial from London to Norwich proved to be eminently successful. This principle of Telegraph possesses several claims to public favour. It requires only one wire ; and it prints the communications legibly in capitals, on long narrow strips of paper ; so that what is spelled in London by the sender is printed at Norwich, and the whole responsibility and risk of the receiving clerks, and the most prolific source of error in transmission, are wholly got rid of. Instead of working two needles by handles, the operator plays on keys like those of a pianoforte, each key, on being pressed down, printing a capital letter on the paper at the other terminus of the wire. This is not only more accurate in its operation, but it will save much time now lost in various ways between sender and receiver. In fact, the instrument is a tell-tale, and a self-acting printing-machine or copyist. Manchester Guardian. A NEW VEGETABLE.—As a specimen of the stories afloat regarding the pere- grinations of the Royal party in the vicinity of their Highland residence, we give the following from a vernacular correspondent of the Montrose Standard. We copy it word for word:—" Her Mai- jestie sometimes gangs into ither folk's houses. Wheel, her an' the Prince gaed into an auld 'oman's hause last week wha bides about a mile frae the Castle. The wifie kent them brawly, an' bade them sit down. They accepted the in- vitashon, an' kindly speired for her welfare. After lookin' roun' the house, an' particularly on the fireplace on the floor (nae grate, ye ken, but just a wee bid holie, an' a sod or twa roun' the bo- dom o' a little kail pottie), the Prince said " Gif if it be nae ill manners to speir, fat are ye to dine upon the day? Fat are ye boili' in yer pot? The auld wifie said," In me pat ? Ou, there's neeps intil't, an' carrots intil't, and leeks intil't, an'— « Stop, stop!'' said her Mai- jestie, "What kind of a vegetable is intil't?' ' Intil't,' replied the ould 'oman, astonished at the question; 'Intil't'? Ou, plaise your Maijesties, nane ava, but just that there's neeps intil't, and carrots intil't.' 'Beg your pardon, my good woman,' said her Ma- jesty; tell me what vegetables you mean by intil;t.' ' Intil't ! intil't !' re- plied the woman, holding up her hands surprised, and beginning to lecture in her loof with her finger ; ' intil't, intil't Lord keep your Maijestie, just intil't, there's carrots intil't, an' neeps intil't, an' leeks intil't an' a gie corn barley intil't; a' thae things are intil't, an' ye see brawly that the pattie's on the fire hanging on the crook.' I ' see the pot, said the Prince,' ' but we are fairly at a loss to know what you mean by one vegetable in it, which you call intil't.' ' Bless your heart!' replied the wide, intil't's nae 'i the pat; but there's neeps intil't, an' carrots intil't, an' leeks, an' ——' Here the woman was interrupted by her Majesty, who could contain her- self no longer, but rose to her feet, and ran to the door, being ready to burst with laughter, and she was followed by the Prince, who left the woman standing on the floor with her finger in her loof, and the words 'Carrots intil' t' sticking between her teeth. THE NEGRO EMPEROR.—My first view of him was as he was riding through the city, as his custom is on every Sabbath morning, after having reviewed the army. His colour is the most tho- rough coal black, but his nose, lips, &c.; are more European than one would ex- pect from his colour. From his fore- head to the top of his head he is entirely bald. He rode a grey horse—very good for this country—was accompanied by a hundred or more of his life guards on horseback, preceded by cavalry music, and passed through the principal streets of the city, uncovering his head and dispensing freely his bows and his smiles to the crowds as he rode rapidly past them. He was dressed in full military uniform of a very rich character ; the entire front of his coat, as well as other parts of his dress, being oved withll heavy golden trimmings. His age is a little above 50, his form large and erect, near six feet in height, weighing about two cwt, and well proportioned, with the exception of some corpulency. His horsemanship is of the most perfect character. This attracts the attention of all foreigners, and their universal remark is that in this respect he is rarely equalled. He usually rides to the Bureau of the Port, the Custom House, and through some of the streets of the city, attended by a few of his guards, twice during the week."—New York Enquirer. THE SHIPPING INTEREST.—We have recently heard of a gentleman who has gone to Liverpool with the intention of contracting for the building of three or four large ships ; but he found all the shipbuilders full of orders, and not one of them would contract, even at a high price, for a vessel to be immediately commenced. We believe that the builders on the Thames are in precisely the same condition ; and we shall not be at all surprised to hear that orders have been sent to foreign ports, not because foreign vessels are better or cheapcr, but because English vessels cannot be obtained.— Manchester Guardian. FRENCH SPIRITS.—A French gentle- man who had heard rum called spirits, went into a hotel, a few days since, and called for a glass of punch, requesting at the same time that it should be made with " Ghosts from the Vest Indies. " MR. BUGGINS PUZZLED.— (Buggins at Breakfast table).—" Mary Anne, bring a' egg." Finished daughter—" An egg, if yon please, father; an egg, not a egg; pray speak correctly."—Buggins " An egg, is it, my dear—an egg, eh? Well, I suppose you are right, though in my time people said a' egg. An egg, eh ? Well, Mary Anne, instead of one, you may bring me two neggs." It is said that the priests are becoming so intensely unpopular in Rome that they assume the garb of civilians. A story is going the rounds, of a man living out west, who completes eight pairs of large sized boots every day. The Editor of the New York Globe ays, it would be considered small doings in this city. 'There is a ladies' shoe-maker down in the swamp, who, as fast as he finishes a gaiter, throws it over his shoulder into a box behind him. He keeps one in the air all the time ! and don't half try.' A country boy was riding a horse to one of the English fairs for sale, when he was accosted by a sprig of a dealer, who called out, in a consequential tone, " Why, Jack, the horse you're riding is badly ; look what a white face he's gettan." "Hey," said the boy, break- ing off whistling," an yo'd hav a white face too, if yo'd looked through a halter az long az he haz." A vagrant called at a house on a Sun- day, and begged for some cider. The lady refused to give him any, and he reminded her of the oft-quoted remark, that she " might entertain an angel un- awares . " Yes," said she, " but angels don't often go about drinking cider on Sundays. According to report, Mr. John O'Con- nell does not intend to appear again in the Parliament of the United Kingdom; on account, it is stated by the John Bull, of the offensive inattention of the House of Commons to his speeches and the im- perfect way in which they are reported in the London papers. A Sunderland captain, who was lately in Russia, received there a copy of the Sunderland Herald, but all the articles relating to Hungary, Austria, or Rus- sia were cut out by the Authori- ties, and the amount of postage was 3s. 6d. All the almanacs hitherto published (by anticipation) for next year, represent the late Queen Dowager as living at the beginning of January, 1850, which, the Spectator observes, is laying up a source of dispute or at least offpuzzle for future times. A " prophetess," who has been victi- mising the country people of Devon- shire, has resorted to a novel plan to impose on customers. She sells whole copies of Homer's Iliad in Greek, as cabalistic volumes, containing the secrets of destiny. A Paris writer says, "Literature is gcnerally reviving, books are beginning to sell as well as ever, but pamphlets and political productions still monopo- lise attention. Romantic and general literature has still very little chance." The Boston Chronotype states that a young man in Sacramento (California), has sent a commission to Scotland for a wife, who must not be less than six feet high, with blue eyes and auburn hair. He engages to marry this giantess on her arrival, or forfeit a sum of 10,000 dollars. The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts have re- ceived the munificent sum of £30,000, being a legacy some time ago bequeathed to it by a citizen of London, dependent upon two or three lives which have now dropped. A ccrtain noble earl in this county has assigned to his agent, for considera- tion of a life annuity of five hundred pounds, his claims on the remains of a vast estate once estimated at the value of seventy thousand pounds a year. Cork Southern Reporter. The young gentlemen of Parkhurst Penitentiary weekly take tickets of leave, without even the Governor's con- sent—plunder the cottages—get appre- hended, are taken back to be flogged, and have another run for it.—Sun. It has recently been decided that a draft on a banker may be stopped by the drawer at any time before payment; and that it is no security to any third party who may hold it, as they can nei- ther proceed against the banker nor the drawer. A captain of a vessel loading coals, went into a merchant's counting-house, and requested the loan of a rake. The merchant, looking towards his clerks, etplied—"I have a number of them, but none, I believe, wish to be hauled over the coals." An old farmer, whose son had died lately, was visited by a neighbour, who began to condole with him on his loss. "My loss!" exclaimed the father, "no such thing—it was his own loss—he was of age." " Bill, you young scamp, if you had your due, you'd get a good whipping." "I know it, daddy, but bills are not always paid when due." The agonised father trembled lest his hopeful son should be suddenly snatched from him. A young man being cured of a mar- tial predilection, by being present in a skirmish, it was said of him that he had an itch for military distinction, but the smell of sulphur cured it. The Jewish professor of philosophy at the Ficnch Lyceum Napoleon Vaudee has been discharged, the Minister making the excuse that " he did not know of what religious profession M. Cohen was when he appointed him. The first free school in Berlin, esta- blished by a Dr. Edler, has been sup- pressed by order of the police. He is prohibited from re-opening it under pain of fine and imprisonment. NEW MAGAZINE—We observe that a magazine has just been commenced in connection with the Aberdeen Universi- ties, under the title of the Aberdeen Universities' Magazine. The inhabitants of Brighton have finally purchased the discarded Pavilion of royalty. If you have ordered a fresh cod's head and shoulders from your fish- monger, is he justified in sending it stale? (it's tail). 