TBADES' ARTICLE S. BY ALFRED TYNE. NO. 2.-THE PRINTER.» MA» WOB in darkness-the Printer opened his page, and let In a sudden and over- enduring light on the world. He invented the machino of mind, and made thought palpable, giving intelleot a sixth sense-Ubiquity. Time and space at the Compositor's finger-ends fell reduced to points the Now and Everywhere. Each stroke of the Press moulded impassable ideas into intelligent forms, till the cubes of knowledge-Books, walled round our chambers, nnd wo sat with the embodied spirits of the past and the present, visible in their most soulful moods. Henceforward, enfranchised thought was to go put of us, and travel safely over the globe, leaving multiplied images every- where. Yen, that was a great creation-that making mimi visible and populous, even to ten thousand births in an hour. No marvel that old Faust should have been deemed a devil-possessed wizard, when first ho sent Bible nfter Bible into a benighted world; such amazing offspring of know- ledge nffri ghte Jslow ignorance, and tue only wonder is, that nn invention so miraculous, should not havo had ono positive victim to prejudico and super- stition ; for, the greatest magic of all is, that the magician was enabled to exorcise himself from tho charge of witchcraft, before priests and people. They told him that his red-mk was blood, nnd thnt his cheap Bibles enmo from dark hands; but ho explnined his secret, and, a rare prodigy, ho was believed, and allowed to quit his prison. Nevertheless, the superstition hath como down to us, nnd wo dwell on tho Devil and DoctorFnustus as companions inseparable-an eternal memento of mmi's ignorance and bigotry, when printing was first invented. All the relations ol' society have been chnnged since thnt hour; nnd whatever revolutions the world shall undergo, it enn never nguiu fall away into barbarism. Nay, progress nnd amelioration must of necessity bo henceforth the law of our mortal hoing; lo rotrogrado is now impossible. States and empires may decay, and peoples nnd tintions pass away from earth, hut while tho printing-press lasts, man's improvement is inevitable. Tlio Gad-given revolutions, like tapers 'by night, showed the darkness and im- perfection of the world, and enmo from agc to ago in tlio iiit'uiicv of society ; but this mnn-foiuid invention of Inter times* asserts the mimi und power of the discoverer, and proclaims the mar- vellous mirncle, that the full and free development of religion-the clenring-up of revelation itself, and its universal establishment, wero loft by the ?inscrutable decrees of Heaven, to the hour, when tho printing-press should diffuse its wonderful light over the earth. In mnny things God left his work imperfect for mnn *to finish, tuking delight in the skill nnd invention of His own oroature, and elevating him by this almost neces- sary co-operation with Divino power. It is, therefore, a warrantable conclusion, and justified by a closu attention to the ways of Providence, to say, that tho completion of the Redeemer's Evan- gelium was left tinder His holy guidance, to tho joint revelation of this man-found Gospel-to the days when tho Word could be multiplied every- where. For the Bible, without the printing-press, is, so to speak, an imperfect document, incapable of dissemination among the entire of mankind. Thus, the Printer, too, is like his fellow-laborers, before commemorated, finishing and perfeotioning God's work ; yea, His grandest and most im« mortal work-the Bible. " Hero is proud eminence and holy for this tradesman, beatifying and sanctifying the most wearisome toil. But this is not all.. The Compositor cannot ever be upon Scripture tasks, or books of Prayer; yet, if not BO, is he about works of intellect ; and tfiis divinor part of man, is, next to his immortal soul, tho purest emanation from Deity within his nature and being. It is goodly anil pious, then, to bo putting types together for the expression of poesy, philosophy, "history, or any intellectual phase, aiming nt the progress and perfection of man. 'And there grows a sympathy between the Com- poser and the Compositor ; the rapid thoughts of the ono being fixed and sealed by tho other. To do this, he enters into tho writer's mind and heart» tracing tho hieroglyphics to their sourco and meaning, mid giving them intelligible, permanent, nnd artistic expression; insomuch that tho glow and tho glory of his own works never appear tully to the author, until ho sees the proof-sheet before bim. The play of tho mind with tho Compositor over accoinpnnios the play of the fingers ; and, like the practised pianist, ho obeys the two-fold call, by an experience and handicraft, becoming almost nn instinct ; but, without tho aid of the clear notation ever sot before the musician, his principal labor being to decipher the writer's scroll, and to keep tho current of written ¡dons clearly running in his own mind, working thom by atom-lcttcro into palpable mould and form, until the paragraph bo a completed and perfect whole, rendy for multiplication ad infini turn J 'What a close training is hero to numerous shades of intellect and knowlcdgo ! For the Compositor, in a year, deals with many authors, and with every variety of intelligence ; and to do his work well, ho must undorstniid his subject,-ns witness tho ¡innumerable errors in ii first proof ot a Greok or Latin pago, or of a Foreign language set by an Englishman, unacquainted with its grammar and menning. In time, his mind gets imbued with idonl modos; and, it has boen known, that ho can interpret manuscript where its sense lins become a mazo and n mystery to the writer himself. But this is not all, au artistic sonso mid feeling must porvndo every lino ho composes. No training or teaching will ovor giro him tho skill to arrange, witli full effect, tho infinita variety of matter that comes beforo him, and tho manifold turns of thought that grow under tho author's pon. Ho must havo an instinct of tho becoming and mean- ingful within him, or ho will novor bo nn accom- plished Compositor. Perhaps it is now a hand bill ; now ti circular, or n poster ho is called upon to display; or an ingenious advertisement. And, who, on comparing tlio bold-spcnking typos, with the obscure scratchy mnntisoript, will not own the nrtistio intelligence of the Compositor? But most of all are bis wit and perception of tho grnco ful, displayed in flrat unravelling aomo muzo of intorlinoations, by a cramped nnd blotchy hand, and then giving tho true sonso in olenr mid beautiful composition. Ah ! how often must that pniiiB'tukiug, toilsome labourer fool, that tho author carries otf from him .nil tho praise, and, that ho is forgotten in' tho work, although tho hand that composes the typo booft-timos superior to tho man who wrote tho copy. And this it is, that has mndo printers out of number spring into authors, yearning for that famo only conceded to the writers of books, becauso thoso mon have made it a law to glorify authorqraft, ns tho chiofest pro- duction of mind; passing by, OB unworthy of rocord, tho vast traditionary lore of the Artizan, who, in BÜonoo, is civilizing and perfecting the world, The Compositor's a\t)ogf*i» written wore durably than on brass or granite, Tlio now light of tho world-tho everlasting expression of Intel» loot-the greatest power ever wielded in society, I« his workmanship, God's Book, in every tongue ¡ IIB if the Holy Ghost had descended again-tho million volumes that roll from the press-tho my- riad broad-shouts, flying over the globo-tboautlio rlty, which but to grasp, Napoleon would have yielded all his conquests-is the handicraft and the livelihood of the Printer. Ho is nn integral portion, if not Hie whole-ns the late John Wal- ter-of somo mighty establishment, like the Times, swaying the destinies of the empire, and guiding those of the world. Let lum, then, be content, fur his share in the regeneration of mankind is great, greater than all his fellow-artizans together. With the Bible in one hand, und the Newspaper sheet in the other, let the Printer take his placo in the Temple of Fame. This inscription Stereo- typed on the tablet. "By MY AIIT ARE THESE \JUIO_UITOUS."-Herein is his immortality ! 