BURRA BURRA DISTRICT ELECTION. [From a Correspondent.] When the first symptoms of an election commenced in this district, and parties began to form, one clique put forth bills over the town headed "No Intimidation." What they were afraid of, or what any man here could be afraid of, no one could imagine. It eventually turned out, that the intimidation ghost conjured up in their minds was the influence of the directors over the miners. That bubble burst, "Freedom of Election" was the hobby- horse they bestrode, and their candidate, opposed to the ballot, was in favour of household suffrage, such, therefore, may be presumed fairly to have been the prin- ciples of the committee, on whose petition, and on whose labours, he relied, and who pledged themselves to carry him in. Thwarted in their object by some still un known cause, these political weather cocks, self-styled " The opposition," turned round on those they had before pretended to patronise, and tyrannically object to all their votes ! We say, tyrannically, because what can be more oppressive, when they cannot bend the minds and wills of those who differ from them to their own ways and purposes, or lead them by bribery or persuasion, to advance their political in terests, and make great men out of small ones, than to turn round, and object to half the claimants ? Yes, try to disfranchise half of the community ! and still cry we are the liberals ! ! How can such men be thought liberal in heart, or politics, who, pretending to act with the party desirous of extending the suffrage, when they think they have a chance, try to curtail it one half ? Did any one ever hear of dogs cut ting their own tails off ? It is evident, that, as the truly liberal principles of the candidate—now the only one in the field— have met with the approbation of all think ing men, they afe disappointed in their vie\v3, and have for mere spite resorted to this proceeding. Is it with the hope of returning a tory ? There leader might inwardly hope so, but the others, how do they stand it ? Is it with the hope of re- turning an out and out "all-measure-man ? How will their conduct shape with his principles ? Could the idea of private in- terest, private spite, and united determina- tion, to oppose anything that is projected by the directors, singly or collectively, be put out of the question, we would defy any twelve men to give a reasonable cause for this proceeding. They call themselves " the Opposition;" opposition to carry- ing out in a liberal sense the New Constitution ; opposition to the desires and wishes of the majority of the inhabitants ; opposition to their benefactors, the work- ing men ; opposition to the men they live by ; opposition to all that is good and great is their glory ; and they will receive their reward. Let future candidates, beware, if they apply to this clique of fourteen, that they still have to "stand Sam" for all past and present expences, amounting, when he shall be fairly caught, to a frightful sum. We warn honest people to keep off their ground, lest they are pounded. We have heard tell of Tories, and sometimes Whigs doing the oppressive and tyrannous in style ; but nothing comes up to the dis- franchisement of half a constituency. It was left for the glory of the "Opposition" party at Kooringa to do this. Old Colonists' Festival—We have been fa- voured with a beautiful lithographic represen- tation of this festival, drawn on stone by Mr S.T. Gill, and printed and published by Messrs Penman and Galbraith, Adelaide, which we cordially recommend to the notice of our nume- rous readers, and which, we sincerely hope, will be found one of the few profitable specu- lations of this nature. It is surmounted with the Australian Arms, and is surrounded with names of the chairman, vice-chairman, crou- piers, stewards, invited guests, and a long list of the committee on the occasion, the picture giving a complete view of the interior of the pavilion, with its assembled multitudes, on the removal of the cloth. The execution of the drawing is just what might have been expected from Mr Gill's well-known and highly appre- ciated talents, and the printing does great credit to Messrs Penman and Galbraith. The price is not marked upon it, but this, we should think, would be hardly an object to those pur- chasers who may be desirous of placing it in their portfolios, or of laying it by among their records of the past. 