THE SCHOOL BOY AT HOME. A WEEKLY contemporary of ours, whoso lucubrations we should, in nccordanco with thc rule wo havo laid down for our- selves, pass over, but for tho mischief they aro calculated to do among tho less reflect- ing of his readers, has boon recently essay- ing a flight upon tho subject of tho cir- culating medium. Tho topic has boon undergoing ' discussion' in other journnls, and why should not ho contribute his littlo quota of wisdom to tho gonoral fund ? Tho champion of popular rights must not re- main silent whore thcro is the ghost of a griovanco to bo assailed, so our fricad sets out on his :. chivalrous entorpriso, and we must do him the justice to say that no Quixote could havo belaboured his shadow moro manfully than ho has done. ?'. Tito writer's drift is to enforco a nostrum of his own for saving tho colony from tho ruin into which ho predicts it is about to fall from a dorangemont of tho currency, his remedy being tho establishment of a subsidiary coinago of ' gold tokens to sup- ply tho anticipated deficiency in our cir- culating medium. "Our monetary ro ", lations," (very big words without much significance) "havo completely altered. '' So largo a drain hus been made upon " soma of our merchants for tho purchaso " of gold that their funds aro almost run " out, and thcro cnn bo littlo doubt that " boforo any returns can bo rccoivod from " England our circulating medium will bo " considerably contracted. Already somo ." of tho Hanks havo restricted their ad " VUJICCB" (WO aro afraid our friends havo, like another contemporary, been boro im- posed, upon by. their reporters) "which " has had the. effect of causing n great " deprossioninmonetnrymattors." Various ovils ai-o then predicted to accrue to cntr wool «nd tallow producers, «lid we aro at last mot by tho startling question, (t What, in the present emergency, is to ho (< dono ?" The Banks, wo aro informed, can do nothing, and before very long their pound notes aro to become scarcely worth tho paper they aro written on, not moro valuable, in fuct than the inconvertible threepenny postage stamps which the sub- scribers to tho Advocate aro so pathetically entreated to discontinue forwarding. Wo do not pretond to bc a prodigy of wisdom, least of all, the prodigy of wisdom who is invoked to come forward and help us out of our financial strait, but wo havo discernment enough to seo that our friend tho writer is a blockhead, who has under- taken to instruct tho public upon a subject on which, ho is himsalf profoundly igno- rant. If, by the terms "contraction of our circulating medium," ho moans anything, it must bo that our present specie re- serve, is in danger of becoming oxhaustcd. How then ave his gold tokens to. be mado convertible into silver coin, or where are miners to obtain tho sixty shillings sterling, which ho promises them for an ounce of gold? If his proposed gold tokens aro to be convertible into silver, what is to prevent Bank notes also from being equally convertible ? These inconsistencies show pretty plainly that our writer does not very clearly know what ho is talking about. The mischief which this miserable balderdash is calculated to effect, is tho creating a suspicion among ignorant or unreflecting persons, that otir stock of specie is likely to become exhausted, nnd that our paper currency, which is based upon tho precious metala, will become materially depreciated in value with refer- ence to tho coin into which it is converti- ble. Thero is not tbe remotest ground for either suspicion. Our paper currency conld not bo in a healthier or Bounder state, and so far from our stock of specie be- coming exhausted, in the present state of the exchanges, its export is simply im- possible. Our readers need not therefore bo under any alarm as to thc convertibility of their bank notes, which wo venturo to predict they will find just as well worth twonty shillings of coined silver six months heneo ns thoy are now. When our cur- rency doctor has given a little more atten- tion to the science whose principles ho is prosuming to illustrate, ho will, we think, come to a very opposite conclusion with regard to tho value of tho papor currency of a country situated as ours is at pre- sent. . Our Dogberry of tho colonial press is a very honest fellow, not very wiso or very sagacious, but with very good intentions, and a disposition to do battle in his own blunt way for the popular cause. He may pass for an oraclo with some, and wo would advise him, therefore, not to peril, by his ambitious efforts, tho reputation he has attained. People will not so readily take him at his word, that ho is a wise fellow, whilo they will infallibly, upon his own shewing, not hesitate, upon tho next opportunity he affords them, to write him down-an asa. 