CRIMINAL SESSIONS. Mows.t 2Iit. Jult, acaoLiar. Before tha following jory, E Sawtell, (foraman), G SomrrfilD, P Sfeweoaon. T Stiff R Selrlng, W Smith. G Say, W Sellcrt, J. Stockley.M Sulliraa, R Seaton J Slatiery. William Jonea ear inuicti-d lor hawing on the 27th May cnltrril the dwrlling honac of Alexander M'Gcar. Tha ewidance of the proieeutoi which was all that war adduced was conclueiwc and a wcr- dlct of Guilty was accordingly rrturnrd. Sentence ; three years hud labour on the roads of the colony. crraaixo a tsiqid cheque. Charles Hallanl, was indicieJ for hawirg uttered a forged cheque, fer £10 5s. purpjr- ting to be drawn by Elmond Kay. James M'Kae, publican at the "Campaspe dapoard that prisoner came to his huuie and tsok refreshment, in payment for winch he tendered the ch neia declining to cash it, prisoner at used li.m and threatened to injure him as much aa he could ; that be threw aorr.e papers which were taken from him into a (ire ; the papers were found to include another similar cheque and a paper on which the signature had teen re- hearied.He said that h. got the cheque from liriEsji Edmond Kay srtiler, deposed thai he hid not any account on the Union Bank, on which tha cheque was drawn ; and that it was not llgned by him Charles Bradahaw, manager of the Union Bank corroborated Mr Kings eri ienc-. Tha prisoner aaidtlul he got it in payment (or a horaa, His Honor charged the Jury that the fact of uttering was clearly prosed and the only question for them to dtciue o ; was the guilty knowledge , the fat t of the prnontr basing now conflirtiag acc-un'.a cf hi. poasesaii.T of the cheque was sery alrjng csidence against him. The Jury returned a serdiet of gu !ty and a sentence of three yeais hard labor oa the roads of tha colony. BCtoLaar. Jphn Blair at -od rbarged widi bre.k.ag iotothe warehcuae of Messr. Degravcs and Oo, in Flindcn- lane, on the t lih June, and stealing therefrom ceiuin touts and other property ; and on a second count. with bating received the same goods knowing them to be stolen. : The prisoner pleaded not guilty, D'Uctisc Furlong s'at'd — Ii ennaequenre of information which I r.crivtd, 1 went the waning aftar the robbeiy to the piiaon. r'a house, and a ked him if eserytbing in the house was his. and on recusing a reply in she aibrna'ise, he searched th hotue «n I found the Stolen priqwity concealed oa the top of the bedstead and behind the r.re. beard. Yh« prisoner In cross-examination en- daasoureJ to eat'ict from thia witnrss th- Mr Degrasca deposed that hit warehouae W»d «SU< had baen broken opca, and tha oodi produaed itolxct Mr Bruford, clerk to Mr Degrasca, deposed to the burglary, and that the place had been enteicd hy one of the windows of the store which had been (orcej. A statement made by the prisoner at the police office was read. It was to the effect that the goods had been di posited In the house by a man named Giller, who lised with iiiui, who represented that he had taken them for a debt. His Honor said that the evidence was dear and pointed to bo'h counts. The jury returned a verdict of guilty on the second count. Sentence— 3years hard labour on the roads of the colony. fTTERtNO & roaaxn oanna. George Bailey was placed at the bar on a charge cf uttering a forged order, knowing it to be forged. The prisoner had previously put in a pl. a of not guilty, which he wished cow- to with draw. Ltaso being given, the amended p'ra of guilty was recorded, and the prisoner was remanded for sentence. UtOIIWAV UOSBSET. John Bryan was indicted for having feluniously assaulted Peter Tighe, and taken from him a watch and other pioprety. Peter Tlghe deposed, I was walking along Swanston street on the evening of the 8th June, when I saw prisoner with another man and a woman standing on the path ; as I passed them, prisoner stepped back and struck me a violent blow under the ear. which knocked me into the kennel ; he then tore my watch from me, and I shouted for the police, and when Constable Garrett came up he pursued the prisoner while I looked after the other man who got away from me. Constable Garrett corroborated this evi dence, and added that prisoner assaulted him in the execution of his duty. The Judge declared the case to be per fectly clear. A verdict of guilty was returned, and the prisoner was sentenced to five years hard labor on the roads of the colony , the first year of the same to be in iron. Before the same Jury John Wilson and George Coyle were in dicted (or highway robbery. Detective Kenning proved the arrsat of the prisoner Wilson, on Thursday evening, 23rd May, in Queen-strett j he waa taken In the act of putting down a bundle (prodorrd) containing a watch, a purse containing oiders and cash, with other property. Joseph Ma whom he met at Flemington. in company with anothtr man who escaped. J aHn Orr of Ccliban, Mount Macedon, deposed — 1 was elding towards Melbourne, and wh,n near Jackso'a Creek, I was met by the prisoners, who presented pistols at me, and made me atrip and give up all my pro perty. !b-y tied ma to a tree, and told me that if I attempted to escape, they would meke a ghost, of me. The prisoner Milson addressed the Court in extenuation of a man named Rosa, who is in prison oo a cba-ge of receiving the same stolen property, saying that be gave the ar- ticks u R ns to held for ma. The Attar-iey General, said that he had another similar c-se sg.inst the priaoacra for the robbery of one O. Neil. A v.rdicl of guilty waa ireorded. and the prisoner wera aevcaUy trnt-nc I to ten yrara liaid labor on the roada, lha first three in irons. BOail ITIALtXO. Charles Jamea Degravea was chargep with stealing a chestnut draft hone, from Tlioaai Gordon of UounlMactdon. Sergeant Allaworlh staled that h got the horse from on > Prince a hawker, at Um F.se mile Creek ; w.tncai was present a hen Mrs Gordon identified the hurse he got from Prince a description of tha man who told the ho se to him, Elixs Gordon deposed, that the bcrae waa stolen from -'the Mount Macedon inn on Sunday 8th Juoe, he waa tnrnad oat in the morning, and although so tame aa u come borne at night of hi a own accord, he could not be found that evening; on the fol lowing da) prisoner came to the bonse and prrtent-d a cb que for £5, the cbrqne was drawn hy Pi inc.. Prisoner bad at that timt moustaches and laog bashy whiskers, which be hod not a hen be was apprehended, his Jrrst too was changed. Edward Prince deposed,— I am a licen sed hawker, on the Sth cf Jane 1 saw the prisoner, who gave his name I oho Jamea, he offered me airoTte f .r sale. I bought it for £7 10s. and gave ' him a cheque oa the Union Bank for £5, and £2 10a. in goods ; be said that be bought it a'. Kirk's Bsxaxr fot eighteen pounds, eighteen months skct. I have no dount of the pr itinera identity. I gave up the horse to Mis. Gordon's arrvaat, and gave a description of tha prisoner to Sergrant Alhworth. His Hooor charged the jury that the case was c|. ar against the prisoner, at tk Lorn at misted in the morning, and in the evening waa found in the possession of the prisoner, who represented that be had bad it la eighteen months. The jury returmd a vrrdict of guilty. Ti.e At'orn.y Genrral said that be had another Bill against the prisoner, charging him with raeaping from Geelong Gaol, whith-r he hid been coms.;ttad oo a convic tion by the Circuit Court of tin aaae oier.c.-. Sentence Laid labor on the roadt for the periud of aix yrara. Before the following Juiy. T Splstt. rr man), A Sutherland, JSban'ry, T S.utts, J Sargood, DTrarey, E $ cvtn, V Trarev, J Sleight J Shearer. J S-lomoc, — Salomon. ai'SHlaxutau. Robert Wocliey was ind.cted for having on the 1 0 th of May attacked and nbb-d one Joseph Filkins at Cariatbue on the 19. b of Mae. Detectire Ftcmcg pioetd the arrested tke pri»oa, r. Joseph F. ik.es deposed, I an. a haaa-r, 1 was camped out at CrSar!.ue on the 10 h of May 1 w r c t to the I u ? to g,t in, re'rerh- rr.-i:t and uheo 1 came b.ck tcits- J a m- psr- Crit .1 other I !i;o gi (.-"m :he Jr-y, an-.t: ! t'-e lakers was a pa.r r( lxts, 1 aaa j th- prist Eer and another m.r. c rr,r.g up 1 j suaperted their tnctive and took u; a th.rk ! ,:'5 to defer. J ntytei'. Pl:a"Orr IS J ".iix-t at trie, I ant : -.ait v, c' t". - ; y Cii- rr. j -tr:p a-,d re tr-h-d ir.e. f'rior >n :!, . I h . : j e -.nt rived wh ie dodging then icj"d!h i dray to dr.-p ny m-r.cy , i Jera L:. u:uu.i-t j iag to £14 old anJtoihrow n:y co t oa then j The other ra.n atru-k a light a J prison- r j asil ha: sr.- y.-u d.ir.g ? you arr throwing ' the Lgltt CT1 try far."'. T"i,y foor.d L'.e ; money and it r.,y earr.-a: d.»re ga.ee.. , I, ark a £3 ch q le. 1 o.et the p.ri o -r u1'- : s-queti'.ly io Lit'ie Bourke Sheet ut.J followed | bi n unbl I gate hi.tt lots coitofy ; 1 bar, j no doubt of his identity. I go: tlie bouts I from Twiforl on accouot of er.e Wre. j B> a ior g chain cf tesri.uony the b -o'-a j found on the prisoner were proved to be tr.e ' a ante aa those at.len ir :r the pros-eutcr. j Prisoner sai l he we t about the country ! d ing Lush work, that cn h i «av he met a j s.i'1 whotn he knew, who oil, ltd h;a> a pair ! of boots for bich he hougfat f >r a-'. He was : r.t'work u: Kynetan, art ! b.."g tccarion ti c .in- down to tow n was ap, r.utr.Jed on this : ch'.tge. ! the pus. :,es H.s llouor chsrgad the jury , or a conv.ciion. A terdic- of guilty was returned and the prisoner w s-nt. need to s i vr.,rs hard la- o r -n the roiia, the fust year to be in I «;iss itu.uivo Wiliisnt Bmbani waa charged w.th steai- ! iu < a h .. i'»e pto.urtv f Mr. J. F. H.ar. j Vf \V| Ji n.pn ip-e-.red f' r lie il-'enee. I Ho'dt .dr e M it.house-krei rr riived the i arrest of thr prisoner, Vy the instruttlons o' \- Mr Bair, FrUoncr said that b had bought the liars, 1 a few dsys previously nnd he pro duced a receipt for the pit nient, he also srud tint he could tied the person of t\h«,n lie bought it , but lis did not voice nl ill lining s> Mr. J. S. Sptent deposed, I saw- prisoner leading a liorrC which he took from a man named Pearson, who lnd been riding him — I heard the prisonrr say that he h«d bougl.t !hc horse, and jaw the reeript. Til' hoist war Mr Biai's property, I did not enter for sale on the 22nJ May any horse I tan Jed as lie stolen horse, but cannot say that such an entry was not on the looks. I believe there was a horse sent for sale by a prrson named Simpson. I went up to prisoner and asked hint what business had he wilh the horse. This ceeuri-d at the junction of Queen and Bo.itke Street. George Pearsoi. groom, was in the priso ner's euqluy in May last, was instructed bt liim to tske potsesrion of the horse in q ies- '.ion, d d so, and took it to Douglas Stabler, afterwards fatcbrd it away again, and gave it to prisoner, who took it lio-ne. 11, got the horse from Mc Caw's stables to deliver to a person named Hdlirr, who was about to pur chase it. He bad not seen It before. Mr. J P Bear prorsd the ownership of thr horrc. He bad not seea it for six week- before the 22nd of May, it was then in th- possession of the prisoner. He had given it to Mr Dunsford of Mount Mac.don to take care of. Friaonar stated that the horae was his by purchase, and produced a receipt -, the amount on the receipt is intrilinrd, and was not in thr docum-nt then ; could not be posi tive as to thr figure 5 in the eorr.er. Mr Dunsford had had thr horse in lu cre but had not seen it for some lime pre rii ua to the day mentioned. Mr Wilkinson waa surprised that th- charge of stial og ires made agiiml th- prison, r ioitead of that of unlawful poo, - aion. which he had ripe cud. lie ah.uld explain the potactston o! the horse. Robert Baker, gioom at Mr Mc Caw 'a stable wtated. A person shewed me a Ucrar in Mr Bear's yard which he offered tv.e for sals. I did not buy it. I'risonrr l-ought it; thia waa about noon day. I t ehee th- reclpt produced to bt the tatre then given I witoraaed the bar gain. 1 cannot wr.tr. | Mr Stawelt io eioaa-rxamination licit, d ; that there we'e two precisely similar trans actions on tha 'am day, in both of wh>.-h witness was concerned ; th' receipts in » ; were facsimiles of each other, and h- la;.'. 1 hart several weak points in the evidence for | the defence. | Hit Honor brirflv put the case to the j jury the similarity cf the two receipts and | the other discrepancies pointed out ly the j attorney General certainly threw s up cion j on the prisoner, and t!i' prof of l is lawful possesaiaa lay upon him ; it was for the jury to consider bow far he had d >ne so. The jury returned a verdict of Not Gui'ly and the prisoner was remanded. 