A LETTER FROM MR; P. DONOHOE. Behold the ways Of HeavVs eternal destiny to man, For ever just, benevolent, and wise ; That virtue's awful steps, howe'er pursued By vexing fortune and intrusive pain. Should never be divided from her chaste, . Her fair attendant pleasure."— TO JOHN DAVIS, ESQ., SECRETARY TO THE « EYTT.R FUND," SYDNEY. Dear Sir, — I received by this morning's mail a letter from you, dated Sydney, April 18, 1851, covering a bill of, exchange in my favour for £20 : subscribed, you say, "by a few of the lovers of Hberty in New South Wales, as a token of sym- jjjathy for my imffetftigs in being separated from friends, and from the land for which I had sacrificed every comfort, and for which I had been stung and unjustly treated in this land of my exile." You also say a similar sum of £20 had been sent to Mr. O'Doherty, Of course, he will himself acknowledge it, especially as I understand this is your second generous donation to him. It would be false delicacy and uncandid to con ceal the fact, that this remittance afforded me " very timely aid." The cordial expressions with which you have accompanied the gift, and the fervid and eloquent language employed by you in depict ing the causes that created the sympathy of the people of Sydney, very much enhance the obliga tions which the pecuniary amoimt itself would have imposed. It is humiliating for a man, in the vigour of life and spirits, with capacity in his profession sufficient to secure for him an honourable competence, to be driven to the necessity of becoming the recepient of such a donation. The indulgent means resorted to by the Queen's representative in this colony, for my punishment, as an Irishman disaffected to bad government, has placed me in the wild bush, to live (if I can) as the aborigines of this, their own rightful soil, did formerly live upon it;— and if I cannot so live, within a circumscribed space , among and upon stringy bark, ring-tail opossums, devil dogs, bandy- coots, and cockatoos, why then, all-Irish as I am, I may perish under the "mercy" of British laws! of else accept of the sympathy and generous con tributions of the " lovers of liberty " in Sydney. The degradation, therefore, which in ordinary cases belong to the receipt of largesses is lessened, if not entirely removed, in consequence- of English tyranny against Ireland having remotely produced the necessity of accepting them ; and it being a apirit of resistance to such tyranny, and the sym pathy which the " lovers of liberty " in Sydney en tertain for those who offered resistance, that, urged them to those generous acts, I am justified in not only gratefully receiving this gift at your hands, but in PROUDLY MAKING IT PUBLIC !— tjiat my fofred of English misrule, and English traffick in W hQdtea mid aphis of Irishmen, and my feeble Oppc jition to that system, has earned in so marked a mannOr your full unequivocal approval, sealed With a pecuniary reward,, and conveyed to me in such glowing terms. Where is the recreant who would not suffer in a cause so glorious, rewarded at the very antipodes of our fine, old land, by the patriotic descendants of that land from which they in their turn were forcibly ejected, or .which they had voluntarily to abandon, that they might escape from slavery. I was but one of the straws flung up by the whirlwind of oppression — and if I did offer to resist the storm of persecution, or to arrest its destructive progress, when it put on the ghastly livery of de solation and death, with the hideous auxiliaries pestilence and famine to aid its ravages, there were thousands equally ready to resist — and they live, although the storm of oppression still continues. But' " there is a just God, who presides over the destinies of nations, and who will raise up friends to fight our battles for us." Our English task-masters forget this prophetic language of the American orator-patriot, Patrick Henry, uttered in 1740, on the eve of the revolutionary war they forget, too, the language of Lord Chatham, spoken in the English House of Peers in the same year and on the same subject. They sneered and derided when he " invoiced the genius of the Constitution ," to resist the barbarity then about to be practised against the English' colonists of America. I cannot neglect quoting one passage from that memorable speech. In replying to Lord Suffolk, he says : — " If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed in my country, I never would lay down my arms — never, never, never !" And again he says, — " What ideas of God and nature that noble Lord (Suffolk) may entertain I know not ; but I know that such detestable principles are equally abhorrent to religion and humanity. What ! to at tribute the sacred sanction of God and nature to the massacres of the Indian scalping knife !— to the cannibal savage torturing, murdering, devouring, drinking the blood of his mangled victims ! Such notions shock every precept of morality, every feeling of humanity, every sentiment of honour." But the British Minister heeded not these warning words, and England lost America. She has ever since used the "scalping knife" to poor Ireland. — Since the days of Chatham and Patrick Henry, no English peer or - commoner uttered so bold and defiant a warning — so severe a denunciation against English tyranny,, as did Smith O'Brien, in his me morable oration before the assembled Commons of England, in the year 1848. The era when he so denounced misgovernment is over ; but the warning prediction is in progress of being fulfilled, and though delayed, is yet certain ! I have, however, diverged a little from what I had intended to write to you. — To resume then, I must tell you my lot in this land of my expatriation has been peculiarly unfortunate. — On my arrival here no possible 'means of employment in my own profession having offered, I was, contrary to my inclination forced to engage in a newspaper. This occupation necessarily brought me into collision with persons of different views, social, tnoral, po litical, and religious ; — animadversions,, contro versies, and criticisms were the consequence, X was trammelled on all sides, The Comptroller of convicts, cautioned me not to write "note of com ment upon the Colonial Government or its acts" The Irish Catholics were divided on a temporal question, which generated much bad feeling, —to belong to either side of the question, insured the hostility ofthe antagonistic party — the liberal Protestants, were influenced by one or other of the belligerent parties. 1 coqld not be a hypocrite and attempt to please both parties, and in endeavouring to be neutral I gave unintentional offence to one of the party's litigant.—1 Then I was too circumscribed in my pecuniary means to be a favorite with an aristocracy of " dubious birth and plebian culture" either lay or clerical, and I would not accept their intimacy, on any other terms, than unconditional equality. J hate the airs of patronage which parse-proud booby's assume. The officials and underlings of Govern ment sought opportunities to insult me, knowing that any cowardly insolence practised towards me, was the sure road to preferment. I had the name of being one of the political leaders in the Irish movement of 1848 and accor ding to the encyclopaedia of this Colony, the popu lace could not discover, how, or wherefore,, a man could be of any importance unlees he was opulent ? They knew not or forgot, that all. the wealth pro perty and professional time, at my disposal in Ireland, had for twenty years been devoted to the great cause of national regeneration, in pursuit of which, I was eventually ruined. Thus hampered upon every side, without capital, without aid of any kind from any quarter, I was obliged to abandon the late Irish Exile newspaper. Even though in doing so I have exposed myself to great privations. If I hod not been obliged by the governor to reside in this bush, I might still have struggled on ; but cir cumstanced and fettered as I whs, I felt that, the paper, never could be a political organ of that stamp and character which my position demanded. Indeed it never could have continued three months only for the unparralled support it received from the brave men of Sydney, Melbourne, and tbe other Australian districts. Now that its career is over, I am gratified as this opportunity of thus testifying my gratitude to the people of Sydney for the earnestness with which they supported the Exile through good and evil report, The exertions of your popular and respected fellow-citiEen Mr. # Hopkins well sustained it, and the exertions of Mr. Cregin of Melbourne were equally indefatigable on my behalf. Whenever vindictiye creatures assailed thai Journal, or me, as its Proprietor, then, did the true warm manly hearts of the Sydney men beat higlt in my defence, — then did the list of subscribers increase four-fold — then did the bold front of the lovers of liberty" in Sydney and Geelong, deter truculent assailants from continuing their mean assaults. If then, attempts have been made, and are stitt making, to bear me down—if the government meanly harrass me— if old women in pantaloons,, and craven men with petticoats, are affrighted, and conjure up ghosts and hobgoblins of their imagination, as pretexts for standing aloof! I can afford, to laugh at their distempered fancies or knavish preterm sions! While I have earned the regard, good-will, and esteem of those noble people, whom you officially represent, I can calmly, resign myself to the vitu perative attacks of mountebank slanderers. At present I shall abstain from discussing the treatment 1 received at Port Arthur peqal settle? ment. — I rejeyve that question for a more length ened "narrative"' which shall soon appear, in a convenient form. I cannot, however, omit expressing my high sense of gratitude to the press of Sydney, for its diin terested and able advocacy of all the Political Prisoners. Seldom has any cause been more ably, or more energetically advocated. At your greai public meeting, by your resolutions adopted at that meeting, and by your petition in our favour- — -you have shown a strong inherent loye of freedom and fair play — you have combined, enthusiasm, sound judgment, and consummate skill. The speakers were full of truthful earnestness, and, the speeches eloquent and pointed. It was altogether a move ment that should teach a Colonial Minister of State, the kind of person, suited to administer laws to a people so tenacious of liberty — so cool and deter-v mined in guarding it from all infractions of rulers, — r and so generous! in their advocacy of the oppressed other lands, In pointing to the glorious spectacle which the people of Sydney presented at that memorable occasion, the " People's Advocate," should never be forgotten, as the great organ of popular liberty,, which first aroused the people to the necessity, of publicly denouncing the treatment of the " Irish, Exiles." The " Advocate" was the first eloquently to espouse our cause, No doubt it received aide co-operation and support from the "Freeman's Journal," and other papers. Indeed the whole Press of this, and the Australian colonies sustained us with great ability, generosity, and spirit. What consolation will be afforded to those " dear friends" to whom you allude ; and who we have left behind, when the glad tidings of the Sydney men's sympathy reaches the " Isle of the West !"— How the lovers of freedom in Europe, and on the republican soil of the new world, will rejoice and be gladdened, by the news, that the people of the groat continent of Australia are so deeply innoadated with the spirit of liberty I The land of Australia contains all the germ9 of a great empire. " In the arts that polish life, the inventions that accomodate, the manufactures that adorn it, your will be for years inferior to some " 1 11 r parts of Europe; but to nurse a growing people, to mature a struggling and hardy community; to mould, to multiply to consolidate, to inspire, and to exalt a young nation, be these your accomplish ments," yes ! and while the old tattered banner i occasionally shows its crest, draggled besmeared and drooping, the young tree of freedom is shooting forth, fresh, green, healthy blossoms; those will tipen, and the " lovers of liberty" will have a glorious repast, and can laugh at the by gone capers of an ill disposed departed termagant. Whenever that happy day shfnes out, my recol lection of, and gratitude to the people of Sydney ffha.11 be as vivid, and true, as it is now, while I beg jou will, as, the official organ of the " lovers of liberty." convey to them my warmest emotions of nsteem and thanks. I am, my dear Sir, your faithful servant. PATRICE O'DONOHOE. Ontlands, Van Diemen s Land, Friday, 9th May, 1851. x. " ' 1 