PUBLIC RECONCILING OF CON VERTS AT LEEDS. (From the Times and Leeds Iutelligenaer.) Within the last few days considerable ex citement has existed iu Leeds in consequence of its becoming known that five Clergymen of St. Saviour's and two of the Clergy con nected with other places of worship, as wel] as twelve or fourteen laymen, had become converts to the Catholic Church, and in_ tended making a public profession of that Faith, on Thursday evening, the 3rd inst. St.- Anne's Catholic Church, Park-row, was that evening the scene of imposing ; religious services, for the reception of con verts into the bosom of the Catholic Qhurch. when Protestantism was formally renounced as false and heretical by. no less than seven, persons, but these were only a portion of the proselytes who had been received that day. These services, as may naturally be expveted, e*xcited consid Table interest in the borough, and on Thursday evening, when the ceremonies were brought to a close, with great pomp and spl.endour, and the Rev. Dr. N/ewman delivered an address to the converts, the church of St. Anne was densely crowded in every ptrt; in fact, there were hundreds unable to find even standing room within ihe very spacious area of tlxe sacred edifice. Before, however, proceeding to detail the ceremonies observed on Thursday evening it will be well to state the rames of the Clergymen of Leeds who have thus embraced the Faith of the Catholic Church. They are — The Rev, Richard Ward, formerly Vicar of S,t. Saviour's, Leeds ; the Rev, Thomas Minister, late Vicar of St. Saviour's the Rev. J. C. S. Crawley, late Curate of St. Saviour's ; the Rev. S Rooke, late Curate of St. Saviour's; the !Uev. IV? r. Coombes, late Curate of St. Saviour's; the Rev. W. H. Lewthwaite, Incumbent of Clifford, near Tadcaster; and the Rev. Mr. Neville, Leeds, manager of the Orphoaage at St. Saviour's. Messrs. Ward and Crawley made their professions at Oseott, on Friday, March 27th Messrs. Minster and Rooke were privately received at Anne's on Thursday morning last ; Messrs. Coombes and Lewthwaite made their profession publicly on Thursday night, and Mr. Nevile was received privately but we cannot say whether it wgs on Wednesday or Thursday. In addition to the Clergy, there have been twelve or fourteen lay persons, male and female, seceding from the Protestant Church ; some of them moving in a respectable sphere, while others were of the more humble class. We have below, in our report of Thursday night's proceedings, described some of them. Nearly the whole of the proselytes have been connected with the church of St. Saviour's ; indeed, of the Clergy lately be longing to that place of worship, only one, (the Rev. Mr. Beckett) now remains in the Church of England. The Bishop of Ripon, acting upon representations made to him, had instituted inquiries, which ended in the dismissal of three of the Curates of St. Saviour's, and the resignation of his cure by Mr. Minster. These steps of the Diocesan have, we believe, given great offence to Dr. Pusey, through whom the funds come for erecting and endowing St. Saviour's Church, and who, with the Rev. C. Marriott, Fellow and Dean of Oriel College, Oxford, ha3 the presentation of the church. The Rev. Richard Wood was also associated with them as Patron, but his conversion to Catholicity, of course, has caused him to relinquish that trust. The Rev. Doctor arrived in Leeds on Friday, and at once proceeded to stir in the matter — with what result does not yet appear. With these explanations, to proceed to describe the proceedings of Thursday even ing. The services of Thursday evening com menced shortly before eight o'clock, and were conducted by the Rev. R. Browne, Incumbent of St. Anne's, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Cavanah, and the Rev. Mr, Levy,, of St. Anne's, the Rev. Mr. Geary, and the Rev. Mr. O'Donnell, of St. Patrick's ; the R,ev. Mr. Clifford, of Clifford, near Tad cas:er ; and the Rev. Mr. Darnal, of London. The Clergy, Sacristan, and others engaged in that portion of the duties of the Church, having taken their places within the altar rails. The Rev. R. Browne addressed the con gregation, and explained the nature of the ceremony about to take place. In the lan guage of the Church it was called the form of reconciling converted persons to the Church, and it consisted principally in a pro fession of the faith of the Church of Christ. Previously to this, prayers were to be offered up to Almighty God significative of the dispo sition with which persons ought to approach the performance of such an act. In the first place, a hymn to the Holy Ghost, for, light and grace ; then the psalm 'Miserere,' expressive of the contrition of the penitent; , next the profession of the Faith, and after wards the ' Te Deum ' in gratitude to Almighty God for Mis having granted those graces, and given joy to His Church here on earth, by bringing others into her fold ; ' and also to give Him thanks for the testi mony that is given by an act of this kind to the Faith as it is in Jesus Christ, and as H was handed down by the Apostles. ' If there are those here,' said the Rev. gentle man, ' not yet of the fold of Jesus Christ as it is in the Catholic Church, a ceremony such as the present is calculated to excite the deepest consideration in their souls 5 and by worthily assisting at it they may yet obtain for themselves grace one day to become actors in a similar ceremony — a grace for which the Catholic Church is ever praying for the whole world — an object which the Catholic Church can never cease attempting to arrive at ; for it is the end for which the Church is established here on earth. Prior to the delivery of the address the Bev. Mr. Lewthvvaite, and the Rev. Mr. Coombes, together with an almoner and a chorister from St. Saviour's, and also the . matron, assistant-matron and servant at the Orphanage attached to that took their place upon the steps leading to the altar, where they knelt, during the gieiler ptrt of the ceremony, apparently deeply engaged in mental devotion, when not taking an active part in the service. The hymn and psalm named by the Rev. Mr. Browne having been chaunted by the Priests and choir,, the seven converts stood in front of the altar, and made the confession of faith as it is in the Catholic Church — viz., the creed of Pope Pius IV., including the Nieene Creed. The other ceremonies were then proceeded with, and absolution was pronounced from all Ecclesiastical censure. After which The Very Rev. J. H. Newnaan,.Superior of the Oratorians, ascended the pulpit and delivered an address, principally,, but not exclusively, to those who had been received into the Catholic Church that day. Address ing the assembly as ' Dear friends* and Catholic brethren,' he said he had no time as they knew, for putting into order any thoughts which might be in his mind ; nor, indeed, was it necessary, nor would they wish it. What they wished rather who with him had been principals in the ministry in so great a work as that in which they had been employed was that he should speak out of the fulness of his heart, and there leave the matter. Because,, what was it that they who had been brought into the Catholic Church that day had received ? They had received light for darkness,, light for twilight, peace for war/are. There was not a change so greafc as that which took place from the slate of doubt, and confusion and misery in which the soul was external to the Catholic Church, to the peace which it found when it came into it.. They knew it was said that there is a silence which can be heard, which can be felt. Any one who had been at sea, and who had for days and nights heard the billows beating at the side of the vessel and then came into port, knew what a strange stillnes it was when the continual noise of the billows had ceased. When a bell stopped,, there was a kind of fulness of silence which was most grateful from the contrast. So it was in comparing the tumult and irritation of mind which they wha had been long seeking for peace with the joy experienced when they had found it. It was the rich reward of their . long anxieties. They (the Catholics) would suppose, indeed they knew it was so, that those w! o were out of the Catholic Church unfortunately very frequently were not out by their own fault, that was to say, they felt they had not peace, and they had the grace of God given them, though they were out of the Church, to bring them into it ; and it wa3 that state which occasioned the distress and misery iu their minds. Those who knew nothing,, those who felt nothing —they had no anxiety. Those who did not care whether they were right or wrong, those who thought they were right, those who had a dead conscience — they had no anxiety ; but it was when a ray of light catne, it was when a wounded conscience stung them, it was when they had a misgiv ing that they were not where they should be — it was then 'that the triumph began. Fhey had a feeling of duty, and wished to lo that duty, but did not know where it !ay. Sometimes they thought it lay this way, sometimes that way ; and then the voice of 'riends came and over persuaded them, ind they were driven back ; so that one tfay or another they were in a most miserable jondition. It was partly, certainly, their jwn fault. It was the fault of all of them doubtless, who had been external to the Catholic Church, that they did not enter it sooner, because if they had had a fuller determination to follow God's will doubtless they would have found it sooner. iJut Almighty God knew what they were made 3f, and He mercifully led them on by first 3ne grace and another, till they were brought nearer and nearer to that heaven where they should be. But though they might be getting nearer they did not know where they stood. Others might see they were getting nearer, but to themselves they seemed to be drifted about, tossed up and iown by the waves, and there seemed no hope. It often happened that when persons were near the shore they were amongst billows more alarming and more dangerous, because Satan blew the billows more fiercely in order to drown those who were near the shore ; and they knew that fre quently in cases of shipwreck when those who fell into the water were endeavouring to reach the land, something happened to carry them off. So it was in like manner that poor souls who were making towards that land where they wished to be — not indeed from their ow» fault, but it happened so to distress their hearts— might be seen going on gradually and gradually towards the shore, and it might be prophesied — humbly, but still prophesied — that they would be landed safe, and alas! when they were about to land, suddenly they drifted off; they perished and it was not known what became of them. It was only known that they were not landed on the beach of 'the Catholic Church. But they (the Catholics present) had all causa for rejoicing that to thosa whom God's mercy had been shown that day it had not so happened.. They had put themselves into God's hands, and God had brought them into that haven which they sought. And now, on this day, they thanked God, as they well might, that he had in His grace re ceived them safe. , He had brought them within the folds of His Church, tie had encompassed them with Mis everlasting armour, had shielded them from the enemy; and he trusted they had now a gift which they would never lose ; they were now in a state from which they would never fall, and through God's mercy, having long sought, having at last found, they would go on from strength to strength, grace to grace, doing more and more in his service, and whatever might be their trials, that still they would persevere to the end, and die in the Faith, and so be brought, through the blood and merits of Jesus Christ, to the land of glory in eternity. W.hat a day was this, that this should take place in it ! Why they would say this was a day when they should not ex pect triumphs of this kind. Look at the world. What did they see 1 They saw ihv evil spirit stirred up from the four winds. They saw he was blowing from the four quarters of heaven upon this land, to make the waves of the people rise against the Ca tholic Church. They might say, 'This is not the time for the Catholic Church to triumph. But it was the time. Man's ne cessity was God's opportunity. The darker the day was, the brighter God's light came, Did they know it was the property of the truth of Gcd ; and therefore just at this season, when men were most furious againsl them, whea they told all manner of lies aac falsehoods against them — because Christ wai with them when men were so inflamec against them, it was the very time for then to expect triumphs* The world could not conquer: it was impossible No; thej would see, as time went on, that all thosf things which now looked so black and un compromising would tyrn to the glory and salvation of the Catholic Church. If met were called to do that wliicfi he did no think they meant to do — persecute the Ca tholics, he thought it would not hurt thorn Did they not know in the three h'ist cen tunes of Christianity, that the martyrs wen through- so much for Christianity that it ha- been said the blood of the martyrs was tin seed of the Church ?. £0 was it now. Sup- tl posing men were mad enough to go and in- a! flict chains and imprisonment upon them, it h w'6uld only increase the spread of truth. Of v course it was unpleasant to live in continual C anxiety which all this tumult and opposition p created. Catholics did not like to be taken (. from their usual occupations. Catholics did p not like to be taken from their usual religious u ceremonieB. Bishops did not like to be taken b from their flocks. The Catholics wished for vi peace. They wished for peace for the good a of the world, and for the good of their flocks n internally ; but wou'd this state of warfare a diminish the Church ? No, It would in- a crease it. Not a day passed but souls were ii received into the heart of the Catholic tl Church. Sometimes they might be high, o sometimes they might be low ; but the work C could not be stopped. They recollected tl what Gamaliel said in the days of the Apos- o ties. He said if the work was of man it £ would' come to nought, but if it was of God c it would go on, and they must lake care o they did not fight against it. So was it now. tl Here they were in the 19th century after a Christ came into the world, and yet wl at 1 wa-s said by Gamiel 1800 years ago was ful- p filled now. If this work was of man, it C would fall to naught. How was it that t! this work had gone or- for 1800 years, and o now seemed more strong and flourishing e for all the opposition which had existed ( against it? How was it that the Protes- t! tants were in such perplexity? Why they n had seen the Holy Father the Pope driven t! from Rome, and obHged to take refuge tl elsewhere ; they had seen him persecuted C by his own people, and had suid, 'Here p is a poor creature — he can do nothing.' w They (the Catholics) took them at C their word. It was true the Pope was not o strong in this world ; but if he was not fi strong in this world, and yet was strong, he ti (Dr. Newman) suspected his strength must 0 come not from this but from some other w world, and he suspected it was from the C throve of God. The words of Gamaliel a were fulfilled. If the work vvasof man, it would C come to nought. It had not come to naught, o and therefore it was not of man, but of God. ii I look upon you ( said Mr, Newman, address- ~ ing himself to the converts) to be specimens a of this great miracle which is going on t continually, this miracle of the conversion o of souls in spite of the opposition of the world, t; Every soul that is converted to God is d converted by miracle ; it is a supernatural a work which no power of man can do. It t is a work of grace. He then observed v that it could not be worldly inducements v which brought men into the Catholic *' Church, since they gained no riches, no 1 honours, no praise from the mouths of men ; F but, on the contrary, they were reviled and ^ called names. They gained nothing of this i world. It was nothing, then, but a super- t natural might which brought them on ; it t was nothing but the grace of God, seeing ^ those things which the world could not see, s and having a desire after those things which * the world could not desire, that brought them I on. That was the great distinction between 1 the Catholic Church and every other body* £ Every . other body depended upon the ( world. Take away its worldly supports, ( and it goes. There was no Protestant that ' would not grant, when he came to think, l that the Church of England, for instance, ' would go to pieces directly the temporal ' support was taken away. It was impossible ' it could stand. They (the Protestants) ( knew that well. All those that were the j most sagacious knew it well. Herecollected ] perfectly well, several years ago, a person ! in authority in the Church of England gave out a charge. What did he say ? 'The ' state is a very bad mistress, but we must ' put ourselves under its protection, and surren der ourselves to it because we cannot get a ! better. It was once thought,' he said, 'reason and intellect would help the Protestants ; against the Catholics ; but we find it is not so. We find the cleverest men become Ca tholics. It was said that learning, talent, and genius, would leave the Catholics ; but it was not so. Li^ht, learning, talent, genius, all go towards the Catholic Church. Well then,, nothing is left to us. Let us cling to the state, because we cannot do anything better. Our only hope is a worldly hope; our only 1-ope is in the arm of flesh, because we can find nothing better.' He (Dr. Newman) was 1 ol, of course, giving lie very words he said, but he was not at $ 11 exaggerating the sentiment. It was an I onest and true sentiment, though it Waa I ery plain, to come from a member of th' I Jhurch of England. It was certain, if the 1 -rotection of the state were taken from the '! :hurch of England it would crumble to- I lieces. Nothing would be left. It had n I inky, no stability, no solidity, no existence** I mt in the power of the state. How different I vas the Catholic ( hurch. The sht- I ttempted all it could against it, but it could I lot destroy it. \\-lere was the state doin-f I II it could against the Catholic* Church* I nd yet the Catholic Church was growing I n influence in the country. In spjte jj, | heir having done so much fop the Church I if - noland, and so much against the Cathohc i )huich, stil', when this good old man whom I hey professed to despise, living 2,000 miles 1 iff; put out a bit of paDer naming certain I iishops of England, the Church of 4-iHand | ould not bear the shadow of his hand g0jnn. I ver the country. ; He wrote a few wards' 1 he shadow of his hand went over the country I nd the whob country was in commotion f I'he true Vicar of Christ, 2,000 miles distant 1 -ut into confusion this great country, I ?ould there be a batter triumph for all of I hem, to show their power, thut was the power I -f Christ, than this fact ? Their inveterate ^ memies and the inhabitants of this country I part were not their enemies) could not bear * lie very whisper of the Vicar of Christ in I elation to this country ; and in spits of al! * he greatnes-s of th-s Church of England, * hey saw it waa merely worldly, while the I Catholic Church, no-t standing upon worldly I lower, rose up by an unseen power, a power 1 vhich every arm of flrsh feared. The Slate « -hurch feared it, because it knew that it was i if earth, and that the Church of. God came ! rorn heaven. It was to him an affecting I hing that there he happened to be on that 1 iccasion speaking to them, because whom -i vas it they had received into the Catholic j Church that day ? Why, h was the first of j 1 portion of a special congregation of the I Church of England, of a district or parish I -f the Church of England, which was created .'..] n remarkable circumstances — to him i ispecially so. They knew .ha : was not \ ihvays a Catholic. It was some years ago he grace of God made him a Catholic, and -n the very day of bis conversion what was aking place in this town 1 V\ h,y, the very lay when he was being led, as ho trusted ind believed, by the grace of God to embrace he Faith of the Onu.rch of Christ — that vas the very time the CuurchofSt. .Saviour vas opened. It was opened, if he recollected ightly, in a long devotioual service which asted many days,, and when that was taking )lace here, he was being received into the Catholic Church 150 miles off. Therefore, t was to him a ciicarnstance of special in .erest just at this moment, now he was hrown back to the period of his own con versions, to see iu the event of this day a sort of reward of what God led him to do ;hen,. that he hal been the iratrumeat in part of doing what had been done now. How or when it was that those favoured souls who had that day been made members :-f the Catholic Church were led by the grace of God. towards the Catholic Church, lie knew not; but,, as- regarded himself, he felt as a kind of witness that they should wish him to come to receive them, because there was this remarkable connection between St. Saviour's Clhurch being, opened and his own conversion.. Then it was that that was begun which now had its end, and they saw in this another illustration of the want of stability of everything in the Church of England. There had been a. church, he meant . at. Saviour's,, opened with how -? many sincere aspirations, with how many ? ready offeaings to Almighty God! What sums of money had been expended upon that church, and that really for promoting : and building. up the Catholic Church!' it had been the work of parsons who in their hearts believed, in doing what they did, they were making an offering, not to the work ot man, but to the Catholic. ?Church.' They were mistaken, in thinking so, but they brought their .offerings, i hey did not act with a half liberality, but, bringing treasure by handfuls, gave it for the erection ot a church which they hoped svould b.e-a. Catholic Church, but they mistook the Church of England for it. They adorned it, enncne-i it, and what had become of all those hopes which began six years ago? Why, had they not vanished into empty air? They saw that tlie church which they built had turnedout to be nothing at all ; and, after a trial of six years, there was lhat remarkable truth which 'came to him six years ago, that the Church of England was a mere shade, that it had no substance. Here was this trial which they saw had come to naught. There were piety, aeyouon, sincerity, earnestness — -persons who would devote themselves earnestly to God ; but, alas ! they built up the mere creation of this world which would not last. It was coming to naught, and what had been the case here would be the case all over in the Church of England but for the power of the state. It was the power of the state. It was the power of the state which alone kept anything in its p'ace in the Church of England. Not so with the Catholic Church. Merely sitting still, going about its own work silently, it had attracted educated members of the Church of Eng land to it. J.t was a burning and shining light, and it preached to the people directly by its example. After some further observa tions, Dr. Newman begged the prayers of . the Catholics present for those who had been leceived into the Church on that and some days previously. He begged their prayers that the work now begun mi|-ht go on spread ing and increasing daily, till all those were brought into the told of Cnrist that ought to belong to it — that all those to whom God had given grace might have the veil taken from their eyes. He asked their prayers, also — for prayer was omnopotent — that all tLose who had anything to do with the erec tion of St. Saviour's Cnurch might be brought to the light of truth. They could not undo what they had done. St. Saviour's Onurcb, so called, was given up to the Prc testauts, and there was an end of it. 'I hey had given it over to the state. They could not undo their own work ; but it would be a great thing for all of them, while they felt that they could not undo much that they had done, that at least they could save their own souls, and show their earnestness by Retracing their steps as far as they could. He begged them to pray that every one of the earnest persons who preached sermons at the cpeuing of St. Saviour's Church might be brought into the fold of Christ; t'.'atall those who had hung upon their words might be brought fully to the truth ; that those who had been nursing fathers to the Catholic- Church, though they knew it nor, might be brought in ; and that every one who had been instrumental in the spread of Catholic doctrines in England, though they knew it not, might be brought into the Catholic Church. Finally, Dr. Newman asked his Catholic hearers to pray for him self, that he might be enabled to do his share in the work which had begun. After Dr. Newman had left the pulpit, the ceremonies resumed and concluded about half-past nine o'clock. Bonaparte most justly and cordially des pised the pusillanimous creatures who made court to him. He sometimes treated them with rudeness and insolence. He on one ? occasion dined with his hat on, when three kings and several sovereign piinces sat un covered at table. Returning from the chase with the Kings of Saxony, Wiitemlu'g, and Bavaria in the carraige, he stopped at the Malmaison to pay a private visit to his divorced wife Josephine, and kept the monarchs KMtitina- nt lflast nn hr.nr at. t.nfi door. The King of Bavaria, who recounted the story to my informant, was more diverted than affronted at the incident, and, ' Pu isqu'on nous traite comme des lacquais, ilfaut nous divertir comme tels ' (since we are treated like lacqueys, we most demean our salves as such), and asking for bread, cheese, fruit, and wine, regaled himself with that homely cheer in the carriage or in the hall with admirable good humour and excellent appetite. — Late Lord Holland's Foreign ?Reminiscences. A Borrowed Oountenancf, — A Gascon officer, demanding his salary from the Minister of War, maintain that be was in danger of dying of hunger. I he Minister, who saw that his visage was full and ruddy, told him his face gave the lie to his statment. 'Ah! sir,' said the Gascon, 'don't trust lo thai; this face is not mine. It belongs to my landlord, who has given me credit lor a long time pnst.' An Easy Going Captain. — The captain of a cruising frigate in the Mediterranean, on descending the ladder for his cot, about eight o'clock in the evening, and contemplat ing the felicity of a dozen hours' uninter rupted repose, left orders with the officer of the watch to be made acquainted of any change in the weather. Towards midnight it suddenly began to look black to windward, the breeze freshenincr f.n a lnncr.rtnnt.inri'firl squall, which obliged thelieutenant to shorten sail to the foresail — the topsails were clewed down for reefing. Here the captain was in formed of the change of weather, and the sail the ship had been reduced to in conse quence. ' Eh,' said the oaptain, ' it blows hard, does it?' 'Yes, sir,' replied the lieutenant, ' there's every appearance of a gale.' ' Very well,' said the captain, ' let me know if it blows harder.' At 12 o'clock, the first lieutenant, who had been for the last half hour watching the state of the weather, made up his mind to disturb the captain for the calling up of the hands, telling him that he thought it necessary to send the top-gallant yards down, and make all snug, for it was blowing a perfeet gale. *' Do so,' said the captain, ' and— and — let me know if it blows harder, or anything par ticular happens.' Both yards and masts were struck, the fore and mizen topsails taken in, the foresail reefed and set again, before the watch was called ; just after which the second lieutenant, in obedience to the orders left him by the noble first, went down to report the loss of the maintopaail, which naa blown clean out or the bolt rope. I he gallant commander had been awoke by the noise occasioned by the splitting of the sai!, and the moment of the cabin door opened, and the officer of the watch entered, aa he had expected, promptly ordered him, on his stating the case, to set the storm staysails, adding, as he laid himself down again, 'and, you know, ah t let me be called if it blows harder.' The ship laboured much, and just after daylight shipped a most tremendous sen, which made all shake again, washed away the lee waist hammock netting, -and with it nearly half the watch. The gale, if possible, was stil! increasing — the seas run ning mountains. The officer of the watch reported the sad catastrophe. ' And it blows very hard, does it '(' seriously said the captain. ' Very hard, indeed, sir,' as mournfully replied the lieutenant; 'I think I never knew it to blow so hard.' ' What, sir ?'r responded the captain, as he turned himself round, in thought of some further order; -s wnat, you never knew it blow so hard?' ' Never, sir, said the lieutenant positively, ' Then, sir, let me know when it moderates ' — Nautical Standard* HOW TO CARRY THE TeN ANT- RIGHT IN Ireland. — At a meeting of the Tenaut-right Association at Strabane, on Wednesday l.»sf, the Rev. Mr. Burnn, a Roman Cathoiic clergyman, said that he would write a cate chism for the ladies, and, when any person popped the question, he would have the lady ask, 'Are you for tenant-right ?!- If he answered 'No,' she should spurn him. Kentish Town in the last Century. — Thursday night some villains robbed the Kentish Town stage. an-d-striDDed the pa3 .-— .— — — — w_— -— - — — — - ^p - ^ 4 1 * sengers of their money, watches, and buckles. In the hurry they spaied the pockets of Mr. Corbyn, the druggist ; but he, content to have neighbour's fare, called out to one of the rogues, ' Stop, friend, you have forgot to take my money.' — Notes and Queries Novel Proceeding. — On Sunday last the Rev. Mr. Harper, the recenily appointed vicar of Selby, after the usual morning service, took his place in the pulpit, and informed the congregation that he should that day commence a practice which he had long in tended to pursue — that of preaching a sermon not of his own composition, but written by another person. His reason of pursuing such a course were, first, that there were many sermons by some of the best and ablest divines, which in conseqmence of not being generally rca^, were rendered comparatively useless ; and secondly, that the time which ?was occupied in the writing of so mrny ser. mons every week might be employed by him in other useful matters connected with the ministry. The leverend gentleman then : read from a printed book, which he said he ha'l heard preached with great effect in the Cambridge University. The sermon was on the subject of sin, and was evidently a pro duction of no common order, Something Like a Storm. — Letters from St. Petersburgh of the 25th ult. say that on the 3rd of October, a terrible tempest broke out at Kirgia, where the horde of Korin generally establishes its camps, and 168 persons were killed, as also were 205,600 sheep, 1,296 horses, 490 camels, snd 360 oxen. During eight days the soil was co vered with snow to the depth of5| yards. — GalignanVs Messenger. Remarkable Foy. — A very large fox was shot in the parish of Dyke, Invernesshire. He was long familiarly known over that part of the country as the Cripple Todd, from the fact of his having lost the power of one of his fore feet. He measured fall 48 inches in lenth, and weighed sixteen and a half i pounds. A post mortem examination dis closed several old wounds and bruises, such as foxes are heir to, from guns and traps. His lame leg was the result of a wire snare, which he literally had put his foot into. Finding his cunning unable to undo the noose, he had pulled it till the wire cut through both skin and flesh. The wound was quite healed over, and the loop was firmly clasping the bone. At another tin?e he had made a narrow escape from a charge of slugs, one of which was fixed in the bone of his nose, and several others in his tail. On another occasion the bone of one of his ancles had been shattered with ;shot, and again another had bruken one of his thighs. Yet in spite of all these hair- breadth escapes he was, until he received the fatal shot, a constant and distinctive intruder in the poultry vavds. — Inverness Gourier* 