IMPORTANT PROCEEDINGS OF THE CLERGY AND LAITY OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND IN ADELAIDE. GREAT excitement has prevailed among the members of the Church of England in South Australia respecting "the proceedings at the meeting1 of the Bishops," held at Sydney in October last. The first public expression of feeling took place at the annual meeting of the South Australian Church Society, when a motion was proposed by Mr. Marshal Macdermott condemnatory of the proceedings of the Synod of Bishops. The Governor, who pre- sided, abruptly vacated the chair, and the meeting separated in confusion. A requisition from the Committee of the Church Society to convene a general meeting of the members to consider the resolutions proposed by Mr. Macdermott at the former meeting was referred to the Bishop, as President of the Society, on the 13th January, and a general meeting of the lay members of the Church was by him con- vened on the 28th instant ; when above twenty magistrates, several members of the Legislative Council, and a great number of the most respectable inhabitants of Adelaide assembled in the large School-house in Pultney-street, which was crammed lo the doors. The speeches were in general temperate, and discovered great ability. After a long discussion, the following resolutions were carried by a large majority:- Meeting of the Laity of the Church of England At a meeting of the lay members of the Church of England, called under Um sanction of the Hight Reverend the Lord Bishop ot Adelaide, held in the Puliney-strcei School-room, on Tuesday, the 28th Jitimiuy instant,-the Hun John Morphett, ol' Cum. ?nins, M.L C , in the chair,-the following resolutions were adopted: 1\. That this meeting lins heard with regret am] alarm that the Auslraliiu Bishops, ni their recent Conlereucu held at Sjdiiey, have attempted to narrow the terms of communion «ali and admission into the ministry of our Church by their formal, gratuitous, and unnecessarily dogmatical declaration on ilie subject ol' Baptismal Regeneration, thereby disturbing the peace and har- mony which have hitherto prevailed amongst its mein, hers in this diocese.-Moved by Marshal ¡Macdermott, Esq., J. P. ; seconded by G. S. Wallen, liso,, j and carried by u large majority. 2\. That, as members of the Protestant Church of England in South Australia, and desirous to pay proper dclerence and respect to the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, we totally and absolutely repudiate any assump- tion ol' ecclesiastical authority by the Bishops of tile other Australian colonies over the Church in this Pro- vince, und solemnly protest against any attempt on their part lo exercise Ibu same.-Mo»ed by James Hurtle Fisher, Esq., J.P.; seconded by Dr. William Wyatt ; and carried by n large majority. 3\. That one of the evident objects ot the unauthorised Conference of the Bishops at bydney being to obtain An extension of power dangerous to the peace of the com- munity, this meeting deems it necessary to express its opinion that it is highly inexpedient that any extension of ecclesiastical, power should bo permitted, or that authority should be given to establish courts with any secular jurisdiction lor so-called spiritual purposes. Moved by francis S. Dutton, Esq., J. P. ; seconded by Thomas Burr, Esq., J. P. ; and carried unanimously. 4\. 'that the Clergy of the Church of England lu this Province be respectfully invited to meet and express publicly their opinion on the ecclesiastical character slid authority of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Bishops at Sydney_Moved by John Baker, Esq , J. P. ; seconded by John Adams, Esq. ; and carried unani- mously. ö. That, apprehensive Hint the recognised standards of the Church might be perilled by their ¿unauthorised construction, and by the innovations of the Tracturlan mut anti- Protestant portion of the Church, it is neces- sary that measures be taken to guard against the spread ot dangerous error in the doctrines of the Protostaut Church In this Province, »ml to maintain those doc- trines in their purity-Moved by Captain C. H.. Bagot, M.L.C.; seconded by Capt. John Hart; and carried unanimously. 6\. That the following gentlemen be a standing com- mittee to represent the Laity, and watch over their interests generally, and to call meetings of the Lilly when and as often as tiley muy deem necessary, and to replace their number when reduced to five;-Messrs. Macdermott, J. H. Fisher, Wyatt, Bagot, V. 8 Dut- ton, Baker, Hart- Mosed by Captain Henry Watti; seconded by Abraham Scott, Esq ; and carried unani- mously. 7\. That a copy of the foregoing resolutions be fur warded by the Chairman to the Lord Bishop of Ade- laide, and to His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, our Primate, with an earnest supplication that his Grace »HI use his authority to protect the Church in South Australia from any episcopal interference with its doctiines and discipline which has not previously received the direct sanction of his Grace, and of Mer Majesty ns the Supreme Head of the Church:-Moved by G. S. Kingston, Esq . J.P.; seconded by Captain DufF; and curried unanimously. JOHN MORPHETT, Chairman. The thanks of the meeting were voted by acclamation lo the Chairman for his judicious a id impartial conduct in the chair. SAMUEL STOCKS, lion. Secretary. Adelaide, January 31, 1851. In compliance with the 4th resolution of tho public meeting-, inviting the Clergy to express their opinion of the proceedings of the Bishops at Sydney, a meeting'of the Clergy was held; and the foi lowing resolutions were carried, and sisrned by eleven out of the sixteen clergymen of the province. The resolutions of the Clergy were transmitted to the Archbishop of Can- terbury ; and, although in many respects con- demnatory of the proceedings of the Synod at Sydney, they are staled by the Bishop of. Ade- laide " to be characterised ' by a calm and serious spirit which is peculiarly gratifying." REPORT OF THE OPINIONS OF JUE CLERGY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA ON THIS " MINUTES OF PROCEED» IN03 OF THE AUSTRAL tSIAN BISHOPS," AT SYDNEY, IN OCTOBER, 1850." %> the Bight Reverend the Lord Bishop of Adelaide.. Chapter House, Adelaide, Fell. 5, 1851. ' Uly Lord,-We, the Clergy of the. Diocese of Adelaide, Inning deliberated, nt your Lordship's suggestion, upon the Minutes of Proceedings at n Meeiing of the IMctiopulitan and Suffragan Bishops of the Piot¡ace of Australasia, held at Sydney in October last, have now the honour of submitting for your Lordship's consideration our views and opinions theieon, ns embodied in the following propositions. Though unfortunately undei the necessity of differ- ing fruin your Lordship on many point«, we tiusl that our manner of doing so will be deemed unexception- able. We arc persuaded that we only do justice to the Chief Pastors of the Austriilasiuu Chinches by giting i hem credit for a sincere and earnest desire to adtance the interests of true religion in their respective Dioceses, As Presbyters and Deacons of the Church of England, we must claim to lie considered no les« ilc'irous of securing the attainment of the great ends of the Church's institution. It was not thought necessary to remark upon those mailers contained in the Minutes »hieb are determined by the Rubrics, referred to the decision of the Ordi- nary ; or, judging from the general usages in the Mother country, left to the discretion of each indi- vidual clcrgjmati. Any attempt to cnfoice a rigid uniformity on minor or trivial matters would, it is to he feaied, not only fail in its object, but would lend to engender strife» mid evil suimisings. The Chuall uveds rest. IMny its Chief Pastors be endued with the spirit of wisdom, ponei, love, mid of n sound mind; mid may ne all, Clergy and Lui ty, bo divinely enabled to maintain the fuitb " in unity of spiiit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life." Propositions above i eferred to, y I. That our proceedings may he made public '2, That we proceed to the consideration of ilia Mimili s seriatim; omitting, however, all discussion upon the question of baptismal regeneration, except to »dirm on the? propriety or otherwise of ils introduction into ibu ' Minutes.' 9\. Thal we regard the meeting of the Bishops respectively of Sydney, Tasmania, New Zealand, Adelaide, Newcastle, mid Melbourne, simply ns n voluutaty assembling ol the Chief I'astors of the Australian Dioceses, to confer upon matters affecting the interests of the Church. 4\. 'lh.it, «hilo we approve mainly of the objects on which the Bishops proposed to consult-ns specified in Section I ,-we cannot refrain from expressing regret thai, as tliey had not confeired with their respective Clergy before ibeir meeting, they should have forwarded their ' Minutes'to England, willi a view, it is presumed, to Imperial Legislation, without previously submitting them to the Clergy and Laity of their respe elie o Diocèses. Future Synods and Contentions. 5\. That, advening to chap, iii , ' On Future Synods and Conventions,' we are of opinion thal it would be preferable for the Clergy anti Luity to meet in on* Assembly or Convention, consisting of eveiy licensed Presbyte-1 having cure of souls, and one or more Laymen chosen by and out of the members of each congregation, in full communion, mid presided over by the Bishop of the Diocese. Subdivision of Dioceses and Nomination of Bishop», 6\. That the righi and power of Der Most Gracious Majesty lo subdivide the Australasian Dioceses mid to nominale Bishops thereto bus hithctto been wisely and beneficially exercised, mid ought for the present to be retained intact ; and thal, should, n period arrive when it should be deemed expedient that Her Majesty should relinquish the right ol Humiliating to Colonial Sees, wo arc ol opinion thai, according to ancient usage, such tight of nomination should be vested in the Clergy of lim Diocese over which the Bishop is to preside.^ Church Membership. M in DIB.-On a discussion of the phrase, 'duly baptised,' it was understood that the word ' (lui) ' was intended to he explained by the words following, vii.,-willi water, in the name of the Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost, mid not to refer to the peisnn baptising. DISOIPLIMK. Clergy. 7\. That as the Australasia» Bishops 'disclaim'the right, power, or wish ' to suspend or revoke, at their own discretion, the licences of clergymen,' we are of opinion that the licences to incumbencies should, as fir us possible, be in the same form of words na those issued to incumbents in England,and not levocuble at ' pleasure.' 8\. That it is desirable there should be a power of depriving clergy convicted of immorality or heresy of their incumbencies. Sirifu» of Clergy. 9\. That we view with some degree of fear and disapprobation the desire of the Australasian Hilltops to licence Clergymen to charges of»'temporary nature,' and the wish expressed by lliem ' that candidates for Holy Orders should place themselves entirely at the disposal of their Bishop for some definite term of years, mid leave to bun the responsibility of appointing and changing «heir station during such period {'-as we believe such a policy, if general, would, under prêtant circumstances, he injurious to the maintenance of mental independence, doctrinal purity, and pastoral fidelity among the junior Clergy, and would he inimical to their domestic comfort mid general usefulness. ' 10\. Thal it is of the utmost importance to the reipectibility, influence, and efficiency of the elerieul boily in this Diucese to keep up, as fur as possible, the standard of secular «nd theological learning for candidates for Holy Orders which is required by the Bishops ut home. 11\. Thnt, under present circumstances, ii is not advisable to admit lo the Diseenaie, for the service of the Church in this Diocese, persons whose- previous position ni the colony would mateiiully impair their influence. ' . - 12\. Tbi)t, for the due preservation -of order and harmony, it is desirable that no Deacon or Calechist should be introduced into any district already under the care of a Presbyter, but on the nomination of such Presbyter to whom the said Deacon or Calechist should be subordinate. xminoY. Mariiag* of Person», neithrr if whom belong to the Church. 18\. That whereas, rU|> to a recent period, no mar- ring«! of Dissenters in England were legal, unless celebrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Established Church ; and whereas nt the present lime tilt majority of Dissenting marriages are so celebrated in the Mother-country-we are of opinion that no Australasian Clergyman ought to refuse to marry any patties who -muy apply to him, though they be not members of our communion. Ministering to Dissenter». 14\. That, while we are relieved from any legal " obligation" to perform religious si'moes for persons «rho are not members of our Church,-yet, t» guard ?gainst any misconception, we desire to expioss our readiness lo afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, to any one who may need or desire them. MlttUïB.-We deem it expedient to express mi opinion on some'pointB touched upon in chap vu., ns we believe these points must he left, io rt certain extent, to the discretion of the Offi- ciating Minister. We feel bound, however, to remark, that in section 8 letter d no mention is made of marriages to be solemnised on certificate from I he Registrar's Office; hut we cannot suppose that it is intended by such omission to condemn the solemnisation of such marriages by Ministers of our Church. We desire also to express the difficulty we are under of understanding what is meant hv the advice of the Bishops to repel from the Holy Communion persons who li,nfc married within the prohibited degrees ' until they have repented and be refoimed' Holy Baptism. 15\. That the introihieiion In the Australasian Bishops of the question ni Holv Baptism into their Minutes was uncalled for nnd injudicious. That the construction put by them upon the ' Creed, Articles, ami Llturgv,' with respect to this subject, would, if imposed, lie tantamount to a new article of faith; and that the dog- matical determination of a question which has ever tieen practically considered an «pen one, virtually narrons the terms of co'mrrrunioir with our Charch. Education. 16\. That, whilst desirous of seeing a school established in connection with every Church in this colony, «ve shall be prepared to regard favourably any sistem of education In which the Bible'shall be the'basis ol the Instruction given. < Missions 17\. That we hall with (treat satisfaction the establish- ment of the Australasian Board of Mission in con- ned ion with our Church, uith a view to the conversion of the aboriginal inhabitant» of Australasia, and the Isles of the Western Pacific; and we earnestly hope .ud pray that such measures may he adopted nuil carried out by lix member* as may be crowned uith the Divyiu blessing. JAMES BARRELL, Dean of Adelaide, nnd Incumbent of Trinity. WILLIAM.IOHN WOODCOCK. Canon of Adelaide, mid Incumbent of Christ Church. THEODORE PERCIVAL WILSON, Cannu of Adelaide, and Incumbent ol St. John's. W. II. COOMBS, IncumbentofSt. George's, Gawler. JOHN CHARLES BAGSHAW, Incnin. bent of St. Mark's, Penwortham. AUTHUR B BURNETT, Presbyter, In- cumbent of St. Stephen's, Willunda JOHN WATSON, incumbent of St. Mat- thew's. Kensington. JOHN W. SCHOALES, A.B., T.C.D., Officiating Minister, Macgill. JOHN FULFORD, Deacon. Incnmbrnt of St. Mary's Sturt, and Christ Church, O'Halloran Hill. E. K. MILLER, Deacon, Head Master of the Pultney-street School, nnd Assistant Minister of Christ Church, North Adelaide. SAMUEL PERCY R1CHD. ALLOM, Second Master, St. Peter's Collegiate School. . The following Is the Bishop's reply : - 'Claremont, february 6, 1851. 'My dear Mr. Farrell,.-I return, Tor publication, the resolutions and opinions arris ed at by the clerpy on the Minute* of the Conference at Sydney, which, on my return, I submitted for their consideration. They appear to me to be characterised by a calm and serious »plrlt, which, under the circumslnnres of excitement lately prevailing, is peculiarly gratifying. Should Her Gracious Majesty, as Supreme Head of the Church of England, authorise the Clergy and Laity of the Austral- asian Diocese to frame their mm-ecclesiastical polity, subject lo her approval,-and should it be deemed advisable to depart on any point from the existing con- stitution of the English Church, I trust that the pattern of other reformed Protestant and Episcopal Churches will be followed, and ihe relations of the Bishops, Clergy, and Laity, as set forth in the Scriptures, care- fully preserved -I remain, yours very truly, ' Auousrws ADELA IDE. '.Tho Very Rev. Dean Farrell.* 