THE DEVIL AT PISA. Florence, July 16. One of those ridiculous practical jokes which so often end fatally to the actor has just occurred at Pisa, and, as it occasions a great sensation here, in consequence of the stain it attaches to the friars in one of the convents of that city, I take leave to give you the particulars, partly as I have heard them recounted by others, and partly as I find them in the local journals, At Pisa there lived in latter years a ''fast" young man, whose morals were something like the celebrated leaning tower, a little inclined the wrong way, and who, among other escapades, had caused a great scandal in a respectable family, and refused to repair it by marriage according to the prayers of the victim and the commands of the Church. The gentleman was in fact a regular mauvais suet, a fit subject for a French novelist, and he went on from day to day, strutting along the banks of the Arno, and pet verting all the foolish maids of that not over religious vicinity, neither attending to the advice of his friends or the remonstrances of the clergy, till sickness overtook him in the midst of his sins, and death struck him with its most mortal an ovv. Scapegrace as he was, he declined the consolations of religion in his last days, and refused to confess or report, like another Don Giovanni. In vain an excellent and pious priest spoke of his immortal soul and the penalties prepared in the other world for those who take leave of this in final impenitence-in vain did the friars declare that the Devil- would claim him as his own at the moment the last sigh was drawn-and in vain did one of the Rev. gentlemen recount how in a vision he saw his Infernal Majesty maltreat a hardened singer on a similar occasion. Don Giovanni died game, as the greatest criminals often do, but before he gave up the ghost he made one of his ft lends, a Corah an resident, at Pisa, promise that he would watch over the body in the Chapelle Mortuaire, and never leave it until it was consigned to its last home. The Corsican kept his word, and alone and in the dead of the night he sat by the side of his departed friend in the convent chapel, where corpses are exposed for 24 hours before burial, either, in consecrated or reconsecrated gi amid. But just as the clock struck 12 a deep groan, accompanied by the rattling of chains, was heard, and the watcher to his horror saw a figure enter, dressed according to the most approved receipt for fitting up a Devil, with tremendous horns, a long tail, a chain, girt round his body, and draped in red and black, as his Satanic Majesty should be. The Corsican had a hotel heart, and he asked the Devil what be wanted. The Devil replied by an awful groan, the rattling of chains, and the outspreading of his claws to seize his prey The Corsican still undaunted, declared that he would not allow the body to be touched, and he warned the Devil that if he did not leave the place he would send him back To his infernal regions faster than he came from them. To this speech the Devil replied by a scornful laugh, such as Ziimiel in Der Freischutz used, and with another rattle of the chains advanced to the colin side on which the faithful friend produced a loaded pistol, and taking sure aim, shot the Devil through the heart and dropped him at his feet, dead, as they say at Amsterdam, as a herring, or, at Birmingham, as a door nail. The report of the pistol alarmed the police, and a number of those guardians of the night having appeared, they saw to their astonishment the corpse lying in its proper place, the Corsican sitting tranquilly by its side, and a bleeding mass covered with red and black, with a tremendous pair of horns, and the well-known tail. An explanation was soon given, and when the Devil was stripped of his finery he turned out to be the bellman of the convent, cm ployed no doubt by the friars whose religious assistance was refused, for the purpose of giving a striking proof of the danger of dying without the consolations of the Church, and of the fate to which all impenitent sinners are exposed. The Corsican was tried, and acquitted, as he showed that m the Tuscan code there was no penalty attached to shooting the Devil, and as he persisted in saying that when he fired he believed he had to deal with his Satanic Majesty, and no mortal representative. The best joke of all remains to be told and that is, the friars of the convent declare that the whole story is a fabrication, and the Minister of Instruction announces that he will prosecute the Gazzetta del Tri- bundle for having inserted it. A Fk buu Num_k.u_.t"-Two Auvergnat w.iler-oumois, after drinking in a public house, in the Rue St. Honor, near the Halle, with several other persons, began talking of the), great strength To put this to the test, the tallest named Nicholas Evil a wager that the other could not knock him down by a blow on the back of the neck with a log of wood, The two parties deposited each five francs. Nicholas knelt, and the other dealt a tremendous blow Nicholas bore it with great strength and on rising to his feet, cried, " I have won: give me the five trucks!" But scarcely had he taken a few steps, before he fell, and almost immediately expired. The blow had caused congestion of the brain Paris Ord) c. Tun Epicurean PonT.- A Mr. Reilly, lecturing lately on music, told an amusing story of an organist of Bangor. The latter was Navy pin ticular as to the nature of his mould, and having gone to church one Sunday without leaving the usual direct tions, the anxious wife sent her little boy for instructions. When the boy reached the church, he found they had just come announced the 'Fe Damn, and fearing to wait until it was finished, he crept up to his father, and commenced sinking in his ear, in the treble voice (iOttc wire) - "Mother's got a hind quarter of lamb, What shall she do with it?" The organist was ii rather astonished, but promptly replied in the bass '. Rust the loin, and boil the log, And make a pu Kling of the suet." With which message the young genius instantly decamped. Mu.-A.-fitoi'Oa.-A short-sleeved dress' when it exposes sharp elbows. 