DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE IPSWICH. (From our Correspondent.) FRIDAY, Nov. 21.—I have to report the freaks of some of the Chinese pets who started from Ips- wich, en route for Mr. Marsh's station, in company with a dray belonging to the station. The bullock driver, Paddy Blunder, having positive orders not to allow them to ride, lest the loading, which was already heavy enough for the bullocks, should be injured, refused, according to his instructions; when the Celestials bailed up both him and his mate, and poor Paddy was within an ace of giving up the ghost—one of the scoundrels having taken a knife to cut his throat, and another an axe to dash out his brains. He, however, escaped with difficulty, and returned to town ; being advised to go back and leave half the goods at Mount Flin- ders, and allow these delicate gentry to go on the dray. Thus, most likely, will the station be se- riously inconvenienced through the laziness of these villains. I omitted to mention that they possessed themselves of part of the loading, upon which they were regaling when Paddy escaped. Truly they are desirable servants on a station! by Mrs. Edhouse, of this town, from Mr. Edhouse, at present working at the Mount Brisbane dig- gings, which, if Mr. E.'s anticipations aie verified, will be a glorious era in the annals of our district, and must tend to our prosperity, as thousands will then flock to Moreton Bay, instead of, as at pre- sent.,numbers, leaving it.--sitTlw existence of a -gold?Î5èld vhérô;!i»; beyond »H/dofbt. We arrived .«ti t)ie j diggjngs:jen the Monday^ after leaving j '¿pswièh, having bjéen^dètairiefronïthe road through | ^efc^weather^^iijce^being^ere/we have only worked two Jays,' during ^hiçh^tirae every cradle I we washed produced gold, though bat in minute particles. I »am, however, confident that it will j turn out a profitable gold field. We intend open- ing a fresh hole this morning, as we have been ^obstructed by the ?water, which appears to he our ' greatest obstruction.*" Although cot mentioned "by Mr Edhouse, it is eudentjhat number» must he already at work ras a'dhoemoker/in good business at Ipswich, visited J the place, and has returned to take out the/mate- rials of his trade, for the purpose'of working'for the diggers. *- t i SATURDAY, .NOT. 22.-Messrs. Panton and Ran- kin presided'at.to-d&Vs; Court. A man named I Emanuel Simmons -appeared at the bar, for pur- loining two cheques and -a watch and chain irom Ulis boon companion, James Saddler. The evidence I was such, as to convince their'Worships that the ' articles in question were taken for the purpose of *r.vine them, and not t from any nefarious motive. The Bench consequently dismissed the case. Joseph" St¡4well »was brought np on .the charge of Mr. II. R. Elkins, for cpresenting a pistol at < a Chinaman.: ;but as it waa unloaded, and merely done to frighten the Celestial, the prisoner was fined £2, or one jnonth'a imprisonment. Fine«paid. (--¡-George^ Perkins, for uttering a forged dis- charge from.Captam George Griftin, of the Pine River, was sentenced,to six weeks in Brisbane gaol. MONDAY, NOV. 24.-John Whitmarsh, accused of beiug, illegally on the, premises of, the Rev. Mr. Wallace, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to 14 days to Brisbane gaol, with hard-labour.-Wm. Anderson, a ticket-of-leave holder, j per Mount Stuart EÍphinstotte,i\o,s brought up by Constable Brian for betngJllegally at large ; and, it having been proved that^this was the third or fourth time of appealing before the Ipswich Bench, their Worships sentenced ^im to be returned to Go- vernment. WEDNESDAY, NOV. 26.-Greenhalgh v. Sullivan, for assault This case was clearly proved, but as it was the defendant's first appearance in the court, 'he was merely ¿fined 5s., and 6s. 3d.! costs. _-Sullivan v. Greenhalgh, for absconding. This case ¡arose jout former one. It appeared that the defendant was engaged as a bookkeeper, and the caso was therefore postponed for further evidence, to prove that he was employed as a hired servant.-Hardgrave v. Richard Allen, for as sault. Defendant pleaded guilt} ; but,-as it ap- peared that a pannican of water onlv was thrown at complainaut, Allen was merely fined 5s, and 4s 6d costs. ¡ < 