R E P O R T Dp T H E o p m o s s OF THE CLERGY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA ON THE fMINUTES OF PRO- CEEDINGS OF THE AUSTRALASIAN &1SHOPS.' AT SYDNEY, IN OCTOBER 1850. ~ To the Sight Reverend the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Chapter-Httise, Adelaide, February 5,1851. My Lord—We, the Clergy of the Diocese of Adelaide, having deliberated, at your Lordship's suggestion, upon the Minutes of Proceedings at a meeting of tlic'Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops of the Province of Australasia held at Sydney in October last, have now the honor of submitting for your Lordship's consideration, our views and opinions thereon, as embodied in the following propositions. Though unfortunately under tbe necessity of differing from your Lordship on niany points, we trust that our manner of doing so will be deemed unexceptionable. We are persuaded that we enly do justice to the Chief Pastois of the Australasian Churches by giving them credit for a sincere and earnest desire to advance the interests of trne religion in their respective Dioceses. As Presbyters and Deacons of the Church of England, we must claim to be considered no less desirous of securing the attainment of the great ends of the Church's institution. Is was not thought necessary to remark upon those matter* contained in the Minutes which are determined by tbe Rubrics ; referred to the decision of the Ordinary; or, judging from the general usages in the mother-co«ntry, left to the discretion of each individual clergyman, Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity on minor or trivial matters would, it is to be feared, not only fail in its object, but would tend to engender strife and evil surmising?. The Church needs rest May its Chief Pastors be endued with the spirit of wisdom, power, love, and of a so&nd; mind; and may we all—Clergy and Laity—be devinely enabled to maintain the faith 'in unity of spirit) in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life.' Propositions above referred to. 1\. Thit our proceedings may be made public. 2L That we proceed to the consideration of the Minutes seriatim; omitting, however, all discussion upon the quel* tion of baptismal regeneration, except to affirm on the propriety or otherwise o( its introduction into the 'Minutes.' 3\. That we regard the meeting of the Bishops respectively of Sydney, Tasmania, New Zealand, Adelaide, Newcastle, and Melbourne, simply as a voluntary assembling of the Chief Pastors of the Australian Dioceses, to confer upon matters affecting the interests of the t'burch. 4\. That while we approve mainly of tbe objects ou which the Bishops proposed to consult—as specified in Section 1 we cannot refrain from expressing tegret that, as they had not conferred with their respective Cleigy before their meeting, they should have forwarded their ' Minutes*, to England, with a view, it is presumed, to Imperial Legislation, without previously submitting them to the Clergy and Laity of their respective Dioceses. future Synods and Conventions. 5\. That adverting to chap. iiL, ' On Future Synods and Conventions,' we are of opinion that it would be preferable for the Clergy and Laity to meet in one Assembly or Convention, consisting of every licensed Presbyter having cure of souls, and one or more Laymen, chosen by and out of the members of each congregation, in full communion, aad presided over by the Bishop of the Diocese. Subdivision of Dioceses and Nomination of Bishops. 6\. That the right and power of her Most Graciou&.Majesty to subdivide the Australasian Dioceses aud to nominate Bishops thereto has hitherto been wisely and beneficially exercised, and ought for the present to be retained intact; and that, should a period arrive when It should be deemed expedient that her Majesty should relinquish the right of nominating to Colonial Sees, we are of opinion that, according to ancient usage, such right of nomination should be vested in the Clergy of the Diocese over which tbe Bishop u to prcadQi Church Membership. MLKCTE. On a discussion of tKe phiash, * duly baptised,' it was understood that -the word * duly * was intended to be eipiained by the words following, • viz.,—with water, in the name of die Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' and not to refer to the person baptising. 