%itevatnvt* REVIEWS. RISE, PROGRESS, AND RESULTS OF PUSEYISM. Lectures on certain Difficulties felt by Ang licans submitting to the Catholic Church. By John Henry Newman, Priest of the Oratory of St. Phillip Neri. Hums and Lambert. (From the Rambler.) (To be concluded in our next.) Three numbers of the Tracts for the Times were issued in 1838. The first con sisted of four sermons on Antichrist by .VI r. Newman. Though clouded by his yet un determined ideas respecting Rome, they contained many acute remarks, and some striking arguments in favour of the view that lawlessness is to be the spirit of the Antichrist, whenever and wherever it ap pears. The second was a compilation of extracts from Anglican divines, asserting that it is the duty of every clergyman in the Establishment to have morning and evening public prayers in his church. At the end of the Tiact was reprinted a curious paper from an old work, Pietas LoncMnensis, published iu the beginning of the eighteenth century, shewing how general these daily services were in the London churches at that period. Ihe third Tract was one of the ablest of the whole series. It also consisted of a course of sermons by Mr. Newman, which were preached before they were published. They were called ' Lectures on the Scripture Proof of the Doctrines of the Church ;' and as as a reply to the Protestant objections to Tractarianism, were unanswerable. A large portion of what they urge is perfectly applicable to the controversy between the Catholic Church and all shades of Protes tantism ; and it is impossible not to see that intellectually, though manifestly uncon sciously, the writer was rapidly approaching the boundary which divides Rome from Anglicanism, as we 1 as from all other here sies. The outline of its argument was to the effect that whatever difficulties ultra Protestants urged against the doctrine of baptism, the holy eueharist, apostolical suc cession, absolution, and other like dogmas, on the ground of the insufficiency of fecrip ture proof, might be urged with equal force against the canon and inspiration of Scrip ture itself. Either, said the author, reject Scripture as an uninspired beck, or receive the Church doctrines ; for whether they stand or fall, they mu^t go together. Mr. Newman was not yet prepared to see. that in setting up ' unauthoratative tradition ' as a satisfactory guide where Scripture failed, he was following a teacher at once unintelligible to the enormous majority ot men, and confessedly uninspired. He fore saw, and loudly proclaimed, that a know ledge of the Scripture difficulties must drive many to Rome ;but he would take his own stand upon the quicksands of unwritten tradition, unsanctioned by any living infal 1 ble authority. The Tract, nevertheless, was eminenily calculated to point the way to the Catholic Church ; and we know of one pnep at lpflet in whinh. in nrinvflrtinor n. rondor Irom Erastianism to Puseyism it lodged him at the very threshold of the temple where the living and infallible guide decides on doctrines aud teaches the anxious sou). Other tracts, which with the three just mentioned completed the fifth volume, were issued in the two following, years, but may as well be noticed at once. Mr. Willian 8 added the sequel to his essay on Reserve, and issued a singular Tract, with the title, ' Indications of a Superintending Provi dence in the preservation of the Prayer book, and in the changes which it has under gone.' This corr: position was the first speci men furnished of a theory which has been most amazingly brought forward on different subsequent oceasions, to lull the consciences of troubled Anglicans under the miseries in flicted on them. This theory is to the effect that every misfortune which befal Anglo Catholics is n sign of life! They are signs of life, because if the Anglican body were not a living body of the true Church, it must inevitably have been crushed by such terrible visitations! In this spirit Mr. Wil liams felt convinced that the havoc which the Reformers had made in the old liturgies in adapting them to the necessities of Pro testantism was a previdential dispensation, divinely intended, not to lead Anglican back to the Catholic Church, but to foster a penitential and eminently spiritual life jn tne Established Church itself. That the Brt viary and the Missal had been deprived by the Reformers of every Christian- element short of absolute annihilation, was indeed true enough ; and, as chance would have it in their zeal for 'evangelical' religion' they had contrived almost utterly to destroy the more jubilant portions of the old' offices But it was reserved for the Tracts for the Times, unconscious of the self -condemna tian they proclaimed, to point to the lugu brious aspect of the Book of Common Prayer, at the very moment they were un holding Anglicanism .as the purest branch of the Christian Church yet existent upon earth. A translation of Bishop Andrewes's devotions concluded the fifth volume. In 1838 also the Library of the Fathers was commenced This was a publication edited by Dr. Pusey, .V!r, Keble, and Mr. Newman, whose object was to make the writings of the early Christian writers more generally known, as an antidote to ultra Protestantism, and a preservative (it was supposed) against Romanism. It corrprised both translations and the original text of many of the greatest works of the Fathers of the Church. A prospectus was issued stating twelve distinct reasons for the publi cation ; two of which are sufficiently curious — the one as amusing, the ofher as instruc tive. The former ran thus: ' The great danger in which Romanists are of lapsing into secret infidelity, not seeing how to escape from the palpable errors of their own Church, without falling into the opposite errors of ultra-Protestantism. It appeared an especial act of charity to point out to such of them as are dissatisfied with the state of their own Church a body of ancient Catholic truth, free from the errors alike of modern Rome and of ultra-Protestantism,' The latter is as follows: ' The great comfort of being able to produce out of Christian antiquity refutations of heresy (such as the different shades of the Arian); thereby avoiding the necessity of discussing our selves profane errors, which, on so high mysteries, cannot be handled without pain, ; and rarely without injury to our own minds.' Such was the confessed inability to cope with error of men who, at the very moment when they then wrote, were hold ing up the Anglican Church as a light to Christendom. We say of men ; though the whole prospectus bears striking marks of being the composition of Dr. Pusey. The series commenced with about 700 subscri- bers; and its intrinsic merit was such (not- withstanding the scraps of Anglicanism tacked on to the royal purple of Christian antiquity), that to this day, though nearly every other Tractarian publication has be- come a drug in the market, the Library of the Fathers still finds a ready sale.| During 1839 and 1840 the movement went on its way victoriously. Its leaders were still full of hope ; for the towers of the Eternal City had not yet risen on the hori- zon of their contemplations, — a point to awake the aspirations of some, and the fore- ;; bodings of others. The two concluding ; volumes of Froude's Remains were sent forth, with a preface from the editors, partly in in apology, but chiefly in defence, of the former volumes. Less personal in interest than the former portion, they awakened com- paratively little attentiou ; thought thought- ful minds felt the force of Froude's keen re- marks on Rationalism, and pondered over, if they did not sympathise with, his elaborate and triumphant vindication of M. Thomas of Canterbury, About this time Mr. Newman published a series of Lectures on Justification, which| constitutes one of the most learned and com- | plete dogmatic treatise that Anglicanism, little enough inclined to scientific theology, has ever produced. Here, as in his volume on 'Romanism and Popular Protestant- ism,' the writer was astray in his concep- tion of the facts of the Catholic Church. The doctrines which he condemned as exist- ing in certain schools in the Roman com- munion, had no existence save to his own misunderstanding of Catholic theological lan- guage, and in his ignorance of that spirit which at once vivifies and expounds the teaching of Catholic doctors. In many res- pects, however, the Lectures on Jurisdiction is a book of great power, and abounds in striking passages, notwithstanding its ten dency to over-refinement of distinction. Its most remarkable feature lies in its exposition of Luther's doctrine, which is unsurpassed in the history of controversy as a detailed view of a religious doctrine drawn hy an opponent. Rarely, if ever, has Lutheran ism been made to look so like the Gospel as in the opening lectures of this most candid book. Such of the Evangelicals as designed to read it, and retained any free use of their faculties in criticising a Tractarian produc tion, were amazed to find their favourite dogma set forth in guise more lovely than any with which they themselves had been able to invest it. It was only when they passed on to the writer's ruthless demolition of the fair fabric that they could persuade themselves that Mr. Newman was not, after all, a godly and enlightened man ; and they marvelled much at the obstinacy of the cor rupt .heart of man, which could thus com-1 prehend, expound, and gaze at the loveli ness of Lutheranism, and yet abstain from clasping it to his heart. The book never became generally popular, even among the Pusey ites themselves. It was too subtle, too learned, too scientific in language, and too hesitating in its practical conclusions, to attract the regards of the great unthinking crowd. Its influences may have been con siderable with a few, but it was little in comparison with the power exerted by the same writer's Parochial Sermons, which in successive volumes were now issuiug almost yearly from the press. As they increased in numbers, so further they progressed in dec trinal fulness ; while Mr. Newman's singu lar faculty for suggesting conclusions while he stated his premises only, filled many and many a conscience with thoughts never to be satisfied till the final bound was taken, and the Puseyite found himself a Catholic indeed. On the whole, the course of these two years was marked with less disturbance than any others in its history ; but the lull was temporary, and the growing anititractarian tone of the Bishops' Charges united with the suspicious looks of the cautious men of ibe old school to tempt Dr. Pusey into the publication of a long ' Letter to the Bishop of Oxford on the tendency to Romanism imputed to Doctrines held of old, as now, in the English Church.' Dr. Pusey him self being guiltless of the slightest tendency towards Rome, and strong in his patriotic Protestantism, resolutely, and in all good faith, repelled the charge of Romanising. At this period, too, the Dublin Review was commencing its series of able articles on the Anglo-Catholic movement ; and the anti* Roman seal of Dr. Pusey was quickened by the sympathies which Catholics felt for Puseyism, not as such, but as leading to the true faith. Argumentatively his letter was poor enough, and it adopted the. usual silly stories of the entrance of disguised Jesuits in past times into the ministry of the Es tablishment, Still it served the purpose of blinding the eyes of Dr. Pusey's followers to the real tendency of their principles, and so led them gently along a path from whose end they would at this period have shrunk with dismay. As to the purely Protestant public, it remained unconvinced by Dr. Pusey's special pleading. It was during these two years that the British Critic matured that influence over its party which it afterwards employed with so much effect in an openly Roman direction. Its tone was still heartily and thoroughly Anglican, the aim of Mr. Newman and his coadjutors being lo prove that the Church of England was a pure and genuine represen tative of the Primative Church, and to de velope her hidden Catholicity. The beauty of the true Catholic Church had as yet not dawned upon their eyes. Their- regard for Home was rather a love for certain noble and ancient ideas which they saw still ex isting in her communion, while towards her self, as a living body, 'and the actual chan nel of Divine grace had little yearning, Be sides Mr. Newman, the principal writers in the review during the time we speak of were, Thomas Mozley and his brother James, Oakley, Bowden, Rogers, Henry VVilberfovce, Kelb, Koundeli Palmer, J. B. Morris, Isaac Williams, and Bowyer.; so that about half of its chief contributors have since submitted to the Catholic Church. Two of Mr. New man's articles, one on Private Judgment, and another on the Prophecies relating to Antichrist, betrayed perhaps as distinctly as ny others the ultimate issue of all the clear leaded and sincere followers of the school, fhe former of these set forth the singular oree of the many Scriptural passages in vhich the individual is directed to use his -rivate judgment solely for the purpose of inding a teacher. The latter, with all its defects and errors, was a powerful vindica ion. of the Church of Rome from the charac er of Antichrist. From this last article we hall quote a passage, notwithstanding the soolness of its assumptions, partly as shew ng how miserable is the appearance of any thing like a Protestantising of the true faith on the part of temporising . Catholics iu the syes of a keen Protestant observer ; and partly as an example of the species of argu ments with which Anglicanism was destroyi ng itself in its own citadel. ' What is the real place of the Church of the middle ages in the Divine scheme, need not be discussed here. If we have been defending it, this has been from no love — let our readers be assured — of the Roman party among us at this day. That party, as exhibited by its acts, is a low-minded, double lealing, worldly set : and the less we have to do with it the better. Nothing but a clear command from above could make a member of our Church recognise it in any way. . We are not speaking against the Church of Rome, — it is a sister Church ; we ire not speaking against individual members of it, far from it, — it is our delight to think that God has many saints among them ; it aught to be our prayer that among us may be as great saints as have been among them. But what we protest against and shrink from is, that secular and political spirit which in this, day has developed itself among them into a party, and at least in this country is their motive principle, organ, and ostensible head. We have no sympathy at all with men who are afraid to own their doctrines of religion ; who try to hoodwink the incautious and ig norant, and ungenerously cast off their, and our ancestors, the Church's great champions in former times ; who take part in political intrigue ; who play the sycophant to great men ; who flatter the bass passions of the multitude ; who join with those who are farther .from them to attack those who are nearer to them ; who imitate the low ways of the popular religion ; who have music parties in their chapels, and festivals aboard steamers, and harangue at public meeting. Such was not Borromeo ; such was not Pascal ; such was not Becket, In nocent, Anselm, Bernard, Hildebrand, Gre gory ; such were not the men of holy and humble heart whom Rome commemorates in her services. With such we wish to be ' better strangers' the longer we live; and not a word of what we have said or are about to say against the notion of Rome being apostate is spoken for the sake of the like of them. Dismissing them, then, with this protest, we proceed to our proposed re mark, t{ We take it. then, for granted, as being beyond doubt, . that one main reason why Protestants are suspicious, both of the early Church and of our more orthodox divines, is the dread that the doctrine and ay stem which they teach is denounced in prophecy as the element of Antichrist, and savours of the predicted apostaey. When pressed with arguments from Scripture or reason, they cannot perhaps answer them ; but they see, as they consider, the end to which Catholic system tends. They judge, that the teach ing recommended, to them is of Antichrist because they see that it has before now re sulted in Popery ; and wisely, under such an impression, they say to themselves that somewhere there must be a fallacy in the reasoning, for that the fruit is the proof of the tree. Their dread of what is really apostolical doctrine, mainly, nay, often solely, rests upon a religious apprehension that the prophecies have denounced it. To persons in this state of mind we propose the following question ; If we must go by pro phecy, which set of prophecies is more exactly fulfilled in, the Church of the middle ages ; those of Isaiah, which speaks of the evangelical kingdom, or those of St. Paul and St. John, which speak of the Anti christian corruptions ? If the history of Christian Rome corresponds to the denounce ments of the Apocalypse, does it not more closely and literally correspond to the pro mises of Isaiah? If there is a chance o[ our taking part with Antichrist, considering the Apocalypse, is there not a greater chance of our ' speaking against the Holy Ghost,' considering the book of Isaiah ? ' To take a broad view of the subject, two traits of Antichrist, we suppose, will be particularly fixed upon as attaching to the see of Rome, pride and luxury; the one seen to its extravagant temporal power, the other in its splendour. For instance St. Paul speaks of Antichrist as ' exalting him self above all that is- called God, shewing himself that he his God.' Again, the Beast is said to have seven heads and ten crowned horns ; and the dragon gives him power. ' And Babylon is called 'that great city;' and she has power over other cities, and over kings, because she is said to have ' made all nations drink of the wine of her ' wrath/ and ' the kings of the earth had committed fornication with ' her. And the Beast ' opened his mouth in blasphemy,' and the woman was on a scarlet-coloured beast, ' full of names of blasphemy.' All this, it is urged, is fulfilled in the mediaeval Church's proclaiming herself (as the early Church did before her) to be Christ's vicar, in her as sumption of power over kings, and her claim to define and maintain the faith, and to con for spiritual gifts. Now, as to the mode in which her functionaries did this, their mo tives, their characters, their individual know ledge of the faith, with all this we are not here concerned ; but as to the ultimate facts in which the whole system resulted, surely they far more literally correspond to the in spired prophecy of Isaiah than to that of St. John. ' 1 he sons of the stranger shall build up (by walls, and their kings shall minister . to thee. The nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish ; yea, those na tions shall be utterly wasted. The sons of them that efflicted thee shall bow themselves down at the soles of thy feet.' ' Kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing mothers ; they shall bow down to thee with their faces towards the earth, and lick up the dust of thy feet.' 'Fear not that worm Jacob, and the men of Israel. Behold, I will make thee anew threshing in strument having teeth '} and thou shalt thresh the mountains and beat them small, and shalt make the hills as chaff. Thou shalt fan them, and the .vincl shall carry them away, and the whirlwind shall scatter them.' Surely if the correspondence, whatever it is, of the prophecies of Antichrist with the his tory of the mediaeval Church should frighten us from that Church, much more should that of the prophecies concerning Christ's king dom with her history draw us to her. ' The other point commonly insisted on is the rr.ediseval Church's wealth and splen dour, the rich embellishments of her temples, the jewelled dress of her ministers, the offerings, shrines, pageants, and processions, which were parts of her religious service. All these are supposed to be denoted by ' the purple and scarlet colour, and gold, and precious stones, and ] earls,' with which the sorceress in the Apocalypse is arrayed ; where mention is also mads of * the mer chandise of gold and silver, precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silks and scarlet, and all thyne wood, and all manner of vessels of ivory, and precious wood, and brass, iron, and marble, and cinnamon, and odours, and ointment, and, frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men, and the voice of harpers and musicians, and of pipers and trumpeters. All such magnificence would of course, in itself, as little prove that the Church is Antichrist as that any 'king's Courtis Antichrist, where it is also found. But whatever cogency be assigned to the correspondence, still let a candid mind de cide whether it can be made to tell more strongly against the Church than the follow ing account of the evangelical kingdom tells in her behalf: ' I will lay thy stones with fair colours and thy foundations with sap phires,, and I will make thy windows of agates, and thy gates of carbuncles arid all thy borders of precious stones ;' the muli tude of camels shall cover thee, the drome daries of Midian and Ephah ; all they from Sheba shall come; they shall bring gold and incense, and they shall show forth the practices of the Lord. The glory of Le banon shall come unto thee, the fir-tree, the pine- tree, and the box together, to beautify the place of my sanctuary. For brass I will bring gold, and for iron I will bring silver, and for wood' brass, and for stones irion.' Passages such as these at least shew that precious stones are no peculiar marks of Antichrist; which is sufficiently clear even from a latter chapter of the Apocalypse, in which juaspers, sapphires', and, other jewels are mentioned among the treasures of the New Jerusalem.'-^- (British* Critic, vol. xxviii. pp. 437-440.) How the writer of theso striking para- ??','. graphs soon' afterwards felt his ground tot tering beneath him, while a voice came forth to his soul from within that temple whose glories he already loved, though he misun derstood and maligned the worshippers within a passage from the -twelfth of his Lectures on Anglican Difficulties points out. Speak ing of his second study of the Fathers, he says : — ' I had set myself the study of them, with almost the single view of pursuing the series of controver sies connected with our Lord's person ; and to'tlie examination of these controversies I devoted two summers, with the interval of some years between them. And now at length I was reading them for myself ; for no Anglican writer had specially and minutely treated the subjects on which I was en gaged. On my first introduction to them I jwd read them as a Protestant ; and next I had read them pretty much as an Anglican, though it is observable that whatever 1 gained on either visit I paid them, over and above the theory or system with which I started, was in a Catholic direction. In the former of the two summers I speak of, my reading was almost entirely confined to strictly doctrinal subjects, to the exclusion of history, and I believe it left me pretty much where I was on the question of the Ca tholic Church ; but in the latter of the two seasons it was principally occupied with the public course of the Monophysite controversy, and the circumstances and transactions of the Council of Chalcedon, iu the fifth century, and at once and irrevocably I found my faith gone in the tenableness of the funda mental principle of Anglicanism, and a doubt of it implanted in my mind which never disappeared, i thought I saw in the controversy I have named,. and in the Eacumenical Council connected with it,' a clear interpretation of the present state of Christen dom, and a key to the different parties and per sonages who have figured on the Catholic or the Protestant side during the period of the Reforma tion. During the autumn cf the same year, a- paper I fell in with upon the schism of the Donaiisls deepened the impression which the 'history or the Monophysites had made ; and I felt dazzled and ex cited by the new view of things which was thus opened to me. Distrusting my judgment, and that I might be a better judge of the subject, I deter mined for a time to put it away from lny mind ; nor did I return to it till I gave myself to the translation of the doctrinal treatises of Sr. Atlmnasius. Thia occupation brought up again before mo the whole question of the Arian controversy and the Nicene Council; and I clearly saw in that history, what I had not perceived on the first study of it, the same phenomenon which I had already found in the his tory of St. Leo and the Monophysites. From th.it time, what delayed my conviction of the claims of the Catholic Church upon me was not any confidence in Anglicanism as a system of doctrine; but parti cular objections which aa yet I saw no way of re ducing, and the fear that, since I found others against me, I might, in some way or other be in volved in a delusion. . ' And now you will ask me, what it is I saw in the history of primitive controversies and councils which was so fatal to the pretensions of the Anglican Church ? I saw that the general theory and position of Anglicanism was no novelty in ancient history, but had a distinct place in it, and a series of proto types, and that these prototypes had ever been here tics or the patrons of heresy. The very badge of Anglicanism, as a system, is that it is a via media ; this is its life ; it is this,. or it is nothing : deny this and it is forthwith dissolved into Catholicism or Pro testantism. * * * ' Moreover, though it msy be unwilling to allow it, it is, from the nature of the case, but a particular form of Protestantism. I do not say that in secon dary principles it may not agree with the Catholic Church ; but, its essential idea being that she has gone too far, whereas the essential idea of -Catholic- ism is the Church's infallibility, the via media is really nothing else than Protestant. Not simply to submit to the Church is to oppose her, and to side with the heretical parly ; for medium there in none. The via media assumes that Protestantism iu right in its protest against Catholic doctrine, only that it needs correcting, limiting, perfecting. This surely is but a matter of fact; for it has adopted ail the great Protestant doctrines, as its most strenuous upholder and the highest of Anglo-Catholics will Imi obliged to allow : the mutilated canon, the defective, rule of faith, justification by faith only', putative righteousness, the infection of nature in the regenerate, the denial of the five sacraments, the relation of faith to the Sacramental Presence, and the like ; its aim being nothing else than to moderate, with Me lancthon, the extreme statements of Luther, to Uivp them from shocking, toe feelings of human nature, to protect them from the criticism of common sense, and from the pressure of urgency of controversial attack. Thus we have three parties on the historical stage ; the see and communion of Rome ; the origi nal pure Protestant, violent, daring, offensive, fana- tical in his doctrines; and a cautious middle party, quite as heretical in principle and in doctrinal ele ments as Protestantism itself, but having an eye to the necessities of controversy sensible in its ideas, sober in its tastes, safe in its statements, conserva tive in its aims, and practical in its measures. Such a via media has been represented by the line of Arch bishops of Canterbury from Tillotson. downwards, as y Cranmer before them. Such in their theology, hough not in their persons or their histories, were Laud and Bull, Taylor and Hammond, and I may say nearly all the authorities of the Established Church. This distinctive character has often been noticed, especially by Mr. Alexander Knox, and much might be said upon it ; and, as 1 have already observed, it ever receives the special countenance of the civil magistrate, who, if he could, would take up with a religion without any doctrines whatever, as Warburton well understands, but who, in the case of a necessary evil, admires the sobriety of Tillotson. and the piety of Patrick, and the elegance of Jortin, and the literary merits of Lowth, and the shrewd sense of Paley. ' Now this sketch of the relative positions of the See of Rome, Protestantism, the via media, and the State, which we see in the history of the last three centuries, is, I repeat, no novelty in history ; it is almost its rule, certainly its rule during the long period when relations existed between the Byzantine Court antl the Holy See ; and it is impossible to re sist the conclusion, which the actual inspection of the history in detail forces upon us, and what the See of Rome was then, such is it now ; that what Arius, Nestorius, or Eutyches were then, such are Luther and Calvin now ; what the Eusebians or Monopysites then, such the Anglican hierarchy now ; what the Byzantine Court then, such is now the Government of England, and such would have been many a Ca tholio Court had it had its way. The ancient history is not dead, it lives; it prophesies of what passes before our eyes : it is founded in the nature of things ; we see ourselves in it as in a glass ; and if the via media was heretical then, it is heretical now.' 