' LET THEM BE RUINED! ' TO THE EDITOR OF THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER. Sir— The above is an expression put into the mouth of one of the oldest, most humane, and kind-hearted of our South Australian colonists —Dr. Nash — when lately sitting on the Bench. 1 leel much pleasure in Btahng that the question has been put to several gentlemen on and off the Bench at the time, who all confidently assert that they heard no such expres sion from the lips of Dr. Nash. The story brings to my recollection the sea-anecdote of a landsman, who, having recently entered the royal navy, and being told to ' let go the painter,' instead of releasing a boat, unshipped an unfortunate wight, who, being em ployed in decorating the exterior of the ship, was dropped into the sea with his paint-pots and paraphernalia. It seems the ears and understanding of the writer of a letter signed 'Caesar's Ghost,' in one of the weekly newspapers, are of a 'similar bright character, when he falsely accuses Dr. Nash of uttering an expression so opposite to his well known sentiments and feeings. I am, &c.; A LICENSED VICTUALLER. The Fruits of Transportation. — Footpads in our Streets. — Last night, about half-past 10 o'clock, Mr. Nootnagel, the Professor of German at the Collegiate School, was attacked in Grenfell - street, immediately opposite Messrs. Elder's store, by two men. The lawless interference was so sudden and unexpected, that the worthy professor fell, and one of his assailants, seizing his umbrella, inflicted with it a blow which must have broken the handle in his hand. Mr. Nicholas Foott, who happened to hear the noise of the scuffle, ran to the rescue, and on him one of the vil lains drew a pistol and fired, but fortunately without effect Among the few who happened to be present was Mr. Sherwin, the landlord of the Wheelwrights' Arms, who reso lutely seized one of the footpads, and received a violent blow on his head, just above the temple ; and although he let go his hold he did not lose his courage, but gallantly gave chase, ' singing out ' lustily for the police. In these vocal efforts he was assisted by another citizen, who saw the pistol fired, and followed up the chase in Gawler-place. Fortunately the vociferations were almost instantaneously successful, and the fugitive was seen to take refuge among the empty bottles and casks of all kinds, of which a large assemblage is usually to be found at the back of what was once called the Adelaide Market, where he was captured. The ruffianly assailant lost his hat in the scuffle, and sin gularly enough, part of the broken handle of Mr. Noot nagel's umbrella was found in the line of his retreat. 