MESSRS. ANSTEY AND GILES AT GUMERACKA. It being known that both the candidates would be at the Robert Burns Gnmeracka, on Monday evening (4th' instant), for the purpose of address ing the electors, a large attendance oi the free and independent was attracted. Many* of them came from a considerable distance, among whom we observed Mr. T. Rejnolds, from Adelaide, apd Mr. W. Dof field, from Gawier Town. Mr. Miller, the worthy host, had enlarged one of his apartments specially for the occasion; and the rival candidates having taken their respective positions at the opposite ends of a hastily constructed but convenient dais, Mr. Abraham Shannon was, by unanimous consent, called to the Chair He said they had once more an opportunity oi exercising their newly ceded privilege, the franchise, and that they might do so .with credit tc themselves, and advantage to the district, both the candidates had kindly attended that evening to disclose their sentiments, to explain their opinions, and give the electors an opportunity of judging for themselves which was the man most likely to represent them efficiently, and to whom they-would be willing to confer the power to represent them in the new Council. (Hear, hear.) As Mr. Giles., was sitting nearest to him, and also because he was aware of Mr. Anstey being fatigued from' having ridden a great distance that day, and had but just arrived from Mount Torrens, where he had addressed thc-electors there assembled, he (the Chairman) would, request Mr. Giles to commence the business of the evening. Mr. Giles said Mr. Anstey was the first in the field, and had a prior right to be heard. _ Mr. Anstey would, for the sake of gaining time, cheerfully concede to Mr. Giles the right of first addressing the meeting. He would also *aVp> it as a favour if Mr. Giles would allow the interval between his (Mr. Anstey's) speech at Mount Torrens and Guineracka to be as long as possible. (A laugh.) Mr. Giles, without further delay, proceeded to say he appeared there that evening to explain his political views, which he trusted he would do fully; as he well knew that in contested elections there was, and perhaps unavoidably, a great deal of misrepresentation'circulated. (" Hear, hear," from Mr. Anstey.) He was far from saying that it was all wilful; some men might be hard of hearing, others dull of ap prehension, and in <both cases -error would' arise; one would only partially hear what was said, and the other would draw perverse con clusions from all that lie heard. (Hear.) As tlie question of religion stood first in importance, as affecting the permanent welfare of man, as well as during the temporary excitement of that election,' he would primarily dispose of it. It was said, and most untruly, that he was the enemy of the Roman Catholics, because he did not like to he taxed for the support of that religion. (Hear, hear.) For the last thirty years it had been his conscientious conviction that every man should pay for his own religion-(applau.se)-and that no person should be com pelled to pay for another man's religion. (Continued applause.) He maintained that if one- half of the colony -were, as he believed they were not, conscientiously in favour of the 'Grants it -would still be unjust to tax the other half to pay it if they were equally conscien' tiously opposed to it. (Applause.) But the injustice was more ap parent and less excusable when, as he firmly believed, the majority of the people, and the great majority of religious people were opposed to all State interference with religion. It was not possible to collect the funds from all and distribute them among a part without doing an injustice; and when a part of the people could not take the Grant, and objected to pay towards its collection, to compel them was a forcing of men's conscicnces which Christianity did not teach nor sanction. (Hear, hear.) He went to the New Testament for his code, and found that the Lord Jesus Christ had there laid down all that was neces sary for the guidance of His people or the government of His Chnrch. His ministers were expressly ordered to go preach to all nations, taking no care for temporal things, without purse or scrip; they were to depend upon the free offerings of the faithful. There was no compulsion there, and that was the code of the New Testament. It had been lately said by Mr. George Stevenson that the Grant was dead. He (Mr. Giles) would not suggest a motive for his saying so, because he did not like to be uncharitable, but he could truly declare lie did not concur in that opinion; it was not dead, and it might be revived. (Hear, hear.) He really could not imagine how that man whose far seeing mind was able to deal with most mitters could shut his eyes to the possibility of the subject being reopened, and the colony again burthened with the Grant in Aid. It was said, we will give it up as regards the towns, but it is really required for the country; but he said the principle was wrong, and if you take £10 now it is only a question of degree or expediency, and, the principle granted, you may hereafter take £10,000 He lad said so much at such different places on the subject that he really felt it was threadbare-(" Hear, hear," from Mr. Anstey)-but he really could not conceive by what mental obliquity men could regard with complacency the introduction of a principle so fraught with danger to religious liberty. (Hear.) The people should rule' the country. Give power to the priests, and, as they had ever done, they would abuse it. Give power to the oligarchs, and, as they never used it wisely or with moderation, so the first use they would make of power would also be to abuse it. The. people were the source of power, and there it should centre. (Applause.) In reply to the Charge that he was an enemy to all Konian Catholics, he would say that for a consider able period he was the almoner of a wealthy man, and distributed £12 per week among sick and indigent applicants. It was not his own money for he was always a comparativelyjjoor man; but he had the dis bursement of the amount he named, and he was never influenced in a single instance to give or withhold aid by the religion of the applicant; his rule was to relieve the most needy,-to aid the poor person that stood most in need of relief. (Applause.) And so through life he was the practical advocate ofcivil ami religious liberty. He admitted the Catholic's right to hold, and hold firmlyhis conscientious convictions, andhe did not deny the right of the Deist to hold his honest opinions. (Hear, hear.) All lie )Mr. Giles) could do was to mourn over him and pray for him, but not coerce him. He believed the only way to increase the ranks of believers was to woo the doubters with kindness, to win them by love, bnt not to attempt to compel them by coercion. Christians lost the power they might otherwise have over Jews and Deists when they exacted money from them to support a system while teaching that it was a revelation from heaven, and God-sustained, Those men might well say that the Christians were more willing to preach justice than to practise it. It had been said that he could not serve two masters He thought he could. (A laugh.) He had in his time served 20 masters. His ma nagement of the affairs of the South' Australian Company had never , been called in question, and he believed he had given satisfaction in several public capacities in which he had the honour to serve the people. (Hear, hear.) He had been a working servant. He worked regularly 63ven days a week.- (Hear, hear.) Yes, he worked for his employers . and the people six days weekly, and the seventh day he devoted to the praise of God and the religious instruction of His creatures. He felt convinced that there was not a single tenant on the Company's estates' who believed him (Mr. G iles) capable of coercing them for voting against hnr> if there were a person of that opinion present, who would come forward, he (Mr. Giles) wonld at once promise him that he would never again ask a vote either for himself or- for any one else. He would beg of the Company's tenants to vote according to" tlieir consciences; and if they could not so support him, he hoped they would not vote for him. (Applause.) As to the road question, he believed that both his work and Mr. Anstey's was thrown away. - -I Mr. Anstey-I am not of the Central Board.. Mr. Giles believed Mr. Anstey's road was better than the Tea-tree Gully. . A Voice-So it should, for there was £1,000 laid out upon it .| Mr. Giles-A great deal of that money was laid out on other places besides those you refer to. Bnt to return, Mr. Anstey had a family to provide for. (Mr. Anstey-"No, no!") Yes,and a garden to -attend to. (A laugh) He had to control his household and cultivate his' apples-(continued laughter)--bat his private business or his private pleasure would not prevent him serving them in the Council if he were elected, and thefact of his (Mr. Giles) being the Manager of the South.. Australian Company was in like manner no obstacle to his serving them : if they returned him as their member. (Hear, hear.) He would leave that question there;-but there was another upon which he must differ with Mr. Anstey-that was the squatting question. It behoved the people to guard agaimSt any claim for pre-emptive right. There was not a very great breadth of land available, and as the people wanted it for cultivation the squatter must go back. Every man who had £1 to pay for an'acre of laud should have the means of effecting^the purchase. (Hear, hear.) Then, as to payment for improvements, they all knew how small was the proportion of really good land to every run, and the squatter would be certain to plant Ms home station on the choicest spot, and to give him a "pre-emptive right-over' it -would .be in feet to make him a present of the rest. He wonld give no pre-emptive right -(Mr. Anstey-" I do not claim it") ;;It Wad been saidthathe was too old to learn. (Alaugh.) It was a truth-that as men grew old toey grew ob stinate, bnt it WBS'qutte possible a younger - candidate mightbeequally headstrong, and after alii perhaps it was better to erronthe side of firm ness than by a too great pliancy so vacillate as tobe powerless for any good. (Hear.) He would:erideavonr so to steer, -that without yielding to every plausibility, he might never reject reason. (Hear.) -Hey would nothave In him the most brilliant of colonial statesmen-<alaiighj-^and, in facf, our men of most brilliant talents Would hot be in the Council; but they wanted honest men, clear-headed mfe'n of business, -ahijL- men who would do the business :oflegislation in all earnestness 'and sincerity, .for mis «plendid colony- the^rideandglory of Uia woii<L(A laugh;) HeWss an' old Tfndir.nl j a»d had always been opposed to 'close borough^, and they had something of tlie sorthere.He was also .for universal BuffragejSnl none but a -lawyer would cavil'at the tetrfiu He did not meⅈ tb uidude in its operation -the wild untutored blacks,'but it should^itend uuivET saliy .among all civilized, sane, honest menof, mature age.(Applause.) The poor possessor of a kitchen garden liad-asgood arighttoa vote as h£ whose -weU-stocked orchard and- vineyard.'knight rival 'in its - horti cultural triumphs the rare and varied prodnctiohsof Highemsoilibe, (A laugh.)- He had been Chairman at' -the first meeting of tile Ballot Association; bat as he and 'Mr. Anstey were ageed oh that sabjectke' wonld not dwell tipon it' As .farlnomineeism, hewusof opinion there should "be -seats in Council conferred on ftmr of -the -principal officers :of Government, hut the occupants of the seatrahoold he chosen hy-the people vttore shoaldhe'no Government nominees^ in fact,hew0iild never < ho i content while the ?? Governor .innigelf was -appointed by; the Queen,and nOt chosen by the jifiople;- (Applause:}-- ; Mr. Anstey-Wished to see a card that ^Ir.Glles referred to -occasion-" ally during his address; butibatgentlemandeclinedparting withit: Mr Anstey Baidihe sialply -wlshed to " see theopierof thn Course f ai rMr. Giles had introducedtmahy matters which 3ie - w«s nOt tin ;the \- hahlt-of ' referring to; -andhirinterided ta "remit* ioWutheni'befowhe . touched nipon the subjects which h# iconrfderod fegsentiAl *iu: his iaddHssB' totheelectore.'MKCUesWmodtedailCaa*aic--qieJtaon,^;a»ia.lie'' w«ild follow:inhis'wake by'aayingthatnohne .«oul4<acon«!<)r suspect" Mm of hostility to -the old religion ; 'for although :)iI4 convictions were"! against it some- iof his" nearest- -relations- *nd ;dear«8ti friends were ardently attached to -the ancient (Hekr,' lieari) >Jfia had -no iir feeling 4o any". form' ^ ChristianIty^n6t'OTenVTto: ,thit^f his inttit activeopponehte-<he USndepeadeids ;ialthoughhe could 'not' ^frptoVB j of their intolEa^eitelnflveoega.VSHtr.Baxn&»ite WaaI«flhat"iM^6ctar TheGhin^GraMWas!useatoclb^the%y^TOihe"jpo^eW»«>rt»inti; iiablem!8g6^enimehtlhat:<aii^tMtii^'!£^ngi^{Mtd\%dtaf3e3^iB procressof improvement:!^ Giles and'be ] ;T; yJ4J. frJijDjM A 1--TT.= -jjBtfi'iBaiincA of itjiB-we :ther fc-C -" .iajtruth, ?foeajfcnmcntB^rtnCTrtifl'aerioiu rimplltHtyby Mr. _ be ..turned Standard, tb£r best of them *11 .would be found ' duoe&rto; feW«c>a^-iiaS!SaSS^^^^alite^^|i. r.Jtjrw toojmtohthe fashion wUhsume peopleto fortifythi& iby^Ittng- passages rf-Holy -Wpl; wMchfaad machbettor men who dealt in the most abominable lifea, which theyiirrfbifedon ;*he people untUhy their endless iteration ihey iK^yiinpwedrti than- . selves; ^A laugh.) . It would rwtbe an injustioe H^ tnaJoHty -rf tbe people agreed to appropriate a portion of the pnbMc revenoeto » .the Voluntary principl&..(He«r.). Itvonld be gtett'fa ?the Grant againstthewill of the people ; but It would!. ty ranny to deprive them ofit for the sake ofpleaslnga'i wished lo act tbepartof^thedogin the manger.71 ^A"i o would under 110 circumstances force theGrantagatnst tiie."Irishes of, the people, and he could only consent to its being stsmponfiqr measure" -a -mere animal Grant; until the -whole people codldbeappealed to nnder an ^extended franchise. --(Applause.) Hereho wraituver Ids viewson'the subject, which have been repeatedlypultllstaediu'this paper, and contended that Mr. Giles only followed in w cootae-be^Mr.. Anstey)«halke3 oat months n^> at Hope-Valley.:'' Headdei£lif the oew: .Members of Council were true to themselves, of which luwraiei be had great fear, as-bo many of them conceived theyirere sent in solely to oppo&e; the Grant; but if'they were true-to tbeaiselvefc'they ? would have&n; amended Constitution ih eighteen months.1 (Cheers.) Under any circumstances he would'oppose the preatat'Grant.'The Ordinance partook of the partial impracticable character of aH its feUow-enactments. He wonld vote against any measure giving 'aid to . towns.;' and he wonld vote against any measure that proposed to make the Grant permanent. ' (Hear,* bear,! and applause.). Thus, be maintained-although be would not desecrate Scripture by. - quoting itat a political meeting-4hat be was the exponent of tar more liberal 'principles than'those propounded by Mr. Giles; (Langhterand applause.) Mr. Giles had spoken of his ability io MBtVC two mastera. He (Mr. Anstey) wished to place on record, regardless of the resiflt of that'election, his determination to say- nothing disrespectful of Mr. Giles,-who was a most worthy man. Indeed he hadno fault to find with him beyond his being actuated by aclique. There was nothing to.jrre veut a man of Mr. Giles's active business habits doing all be proposed to undertake; bnt had he (Mr. Anstey) been malicious, be might have jestingly Muted that the service of God on the seventh day-was not too. much to counterbalance the service of a different perdonage far tbo other six days. (A laugh.) There was - another pointy however, which Mr. Giles did not come so well through. It was said that no one could touch pitch without being defiled,' sad it was known that Mr. Giles .-was'the most uncompromising advocate of the squatters' interests until the Company's land at fiivoli Bay wad sold. (Laughter and cheers.).. His remarks on that pubject were in a<t bad taste as if he .(Mr. Anstey) had referred to the fire-engine at tbe Port, or any of the mere annoyances that were bandied abont recently.. It would have been more respectable of Mr. Giles not to have taiken up a vulgar cry brought forward by a dirty agent of the League. He (Mr. Anstey) had within the last few days (and Mr. Giles should be aware of the fact) declared against pre- emptive rights. He was indeei a grower of -apples, and he could assure the farmers present that IK? derived a considerable revenue from that source. (Hear, bear.) ' Ho was not only a squatter, he was a cultivator of the soil, and had, SA such, expended more money in that district than the South Australian Company. (Hear, hear.) He had expended that money in the pay ment of skilled agricultural and horticultural labour, and the intro duction of plants calculated to benefit the colony as well as himself. (Applause.) He bad not employed men in tbe good times only, tout at all times, and it was a singular fact that the rate of wages had not varied with him 6d. per week for years. (Applause.) It was not Just to taim to be represented as a squatter; he held that the pastoral interest must give way before agriculture, of which it' is the proper preenrsor. It would be madness to give any, man a .pre-emptive right which would enable him to make a job by selling the land to the injury of the public revenue. (Hear hear.) lie had indeed held that if a man had erected 8 homestead and resided for years in it, he ought to be allowed to purchase it sod A reasonable quantity of the land around it; but rather than be charged with asking for the squatter anything inimical in the remotest degree to the interest of the agriculturist, he would abandon even that reason able position, {Applause.) - He wonld not go so far as to my, with Mr. Giles, that the squatter must be off if the smallest qmurtity ef land be sold, but he would secure the purchaser the same light of pstfuAge that he might claim if he held land iu a proclaimed Hundred." Tha purcliaser in a run should be in as good a position as the purchaser in a Hundred, but he did not see why he should, be in a better position* (Applause.) When a run would get dotted over with freeholds the squatter wonld have to be off, for he would get«aten out. He had so far follen ed Mr. Giles, and he thought lie could appeal with confidence to the electors on his principles, which were ds liberal as any they had heard. . He differed from Mr. Giles on the Church Grant; that gentle man was unconditionally opposed to it-he was not unconditionally in favour of it. (Hear, hear.) He was also of opinion that religion should form no unimportant part of the popular education/but always when possible with the consent and concurrence of parents. (Applause.) "He could not with Mr. Hanson leave the early training of children solely dependent oh what could be imparted on the maternal knee: be would feel bound to provide'' for the contingency of the mother's . dcatii, inability, or disinclination to' teach, which latter condition might exist with a perfect willingness to accept the teaching of -others. (Hear, hear.) He could sot consent to leave poor and bereft children to the chances oi a wicked world v-cheers-. while on the other hand he would not even have the "Bible, withouttiote or comment, read by children whose parents disapproved ofit. (Cheers.) He felt-certain that the parents would in most cases recognise the broad principles on which Christianity was founded, and consent to their in culcation. To forbid that by enactment would be worse than the Blue Laws-of Connecticut-laws passed by people holding similar opinions to Mr. Giles. The Eoman Catholics did not mix well with the other sects; but in Ireland the difficulty was got "over by good men on both sides foregoing something for the sake of education. (Hear, hear.) He feared that could not be carried out here. The Roman Catholibs would not be very likely to join in such a plan, as they were generally located in sufficient numbers to maintain their own schoolmasters; and it wonld in such cases be monstrous tyranny to prevent such schoolmastern teaching the. catechism approved by their clergy. (Cheers.) He craved attention to the next point to which he intended to refer. He was'op . posed to a man whom he had for years regarded as his friend, and £e felt it was a misfortune to oppose a friend old enough to be his father; but he must forget the venerable character of the man, aid recollect' that be represented a principle, and the persons who urged him ana Had he not been a candidate, he would have voted against Mr. Giles } because, GO far as he was concerned, he would prevent a majority of the . people passing a law to 'maintain religion. Who were those men trtw»s conscientious scruples were so strong against the grant? With atrining ex ception religionists generally might be for or against it Where were Chen more staunch Voluntaryists than the Irish in their own country, yet here they could with perfect propriety accept State Aid. Tbe Independents, Baptists, and a small section of the Church of Scotland alone were those who must on principle refuse it, and they were opposed to the members' of the Church of Scotland, the Church of Rome, ^tnd the "Wesleyan So ciety. He made that enumeration by way of comment on Mr. Giles's assertion, that a majority of the people were against the Grant. Seeing that the opponents were only two small English sects, and an incon siderable Scotch one, he really could not conceive how Mr. Giles could by figures or by common sense mako out his position. (Hear, hear,) He (Mr. Anstey) was not unconditionally In favour of the Grants but ho was unconditionally opposed to any man who was unconditionally opposed to the Grant- (A laugh.) There was another point to which be had to call attention; it was painful to have to speak of his late antagonist, and he did so only as he was the man of the League. When Mr. Baker, two days before the election, asked Mr. Hanson if he would accept the office of Advocate-General, he said he would not; that was the only pledge he could break before he took his seat in the Council, and that lie did break before he took his seat. (Hear, hear.) But if he had made no express verbal pledge, the taking office would be a treachery to the people, as the pledge was sufficiently implied and understood between Mr. Hanson and the electors. Yet the surplus baked meats of his elec tion dinner might have furnished forth an economical side-dish for the festival at Government House to celebrate bis acceptance of office and defection from the people. (Cheers and laughter.) Had he (Mr. Anstey) been the organ of the League, and Hr. Hansonhisopporfenthe felt convinced many matters would have been noticed which really had nothing to do with the elections, and which he would scorn to dwell on. It was miserable drivelling to say that the preservation and extension ' of their liberties depended'solely on that one question, which the League made all -in alL Thie League had put forward'one the electors-pnt -him in-: how had be treated them? The League camefor ward with another man; and were he ten times as estimable aivindivi dual-still it wonld be their dnty to n^ect him if they respected themselves, and entertained a proper (sense of' the .unworthy treatment they received ; from the ' former League 'Candidate. (Hear, and applause.) He did not say that merely to 'gain their votes -for himselfj for they could get 500 as good as him; but they should evince their sense of the value of the suffrage by the manner in which they mariedftn attempt to trifle with it. - (Hear, hear.) It would .not be fair in thai-case to weigh Mr. Giles's merits as an individual, tint as the nominee of the ^party that 'deceived them once, and was trying'to influence them again with the same pretexts, and for the same object, . but be trusted with very different success. (Cheers.) " ' '; Mr. Giles said the League had not a regular meeting fbrseveniX months; in fact, there had been but one meeting since theelectipJto' commenced, and that was to concert means to assist a poor person. League that-Mr.' Anstey was 'perpetually .referring to was'.fe ghost--a shadow conjured 'up ? by mm and Mr. Baker. ^Their - -were-nearly alike' as to education,'tut1 he thought he attached' importance - to " religious' education than 'Hr. .Anstey did; it'"would not-'-be ? managed by auy common* arrangeiEtf for instance, Mr. Montefiore said he^ could' not allow son to kneel at prayer with - the other children for te . different doctrine, there would be'a' danger of bringing both "mto'Jtttn- . tempt He was certainly for parental training; and he wo^d'&xUiiae; none from tbe school that believed-in the Bible. ' He had .sent '^hlB son to a certain school in Adelaide^ and he was told that the boy 'ml^it attend family prayer at home as usual; butafter a "time be complained that it was useless 'for him to compete with'the other boys, for he tost . a. mark every day by being absent from the school prayers. (Hear, hear.) . He had to'take his son from tbkt school, for he felt he iras subjected to injustice so long as be remained-there; besides he felt couvinceda child never profited by gabbling'over prayers at school; better by'far let them -read daily some of the simply beautiful passages; from the New Testament t but avoid all disputed points. . ?-?w--' i" Mr. Anstey wished' tojcorrect a mistake into which Mr.;'Giles 4iad evidently fallen. The school he referred to was a Chtirch 'of 'Engiana school; If it were as exclusive as sectarian schools generally were, Btill there would be -pa -capse of comjflaint; but . such was: the admirable liberality of "the 'Collegiate School, for that was the one referred to, that its important educational, ad vantages could be participated, injjiy Ihe childxtm of dissenting parents of eyery sed: without anv~ violaius to their conscientious scruples. . It was a perfect model- of. liberality]^ all the schools in the AustraUan. ;eolbnies;. as 4he boy® rbo^ded with the master were alone r^mred to attend to,iphuich <U,.-Bnglan4 teaching;'and the day-boarders were only Tequireo..,.to. take 33Wt:inj;a brief pr»^r at",&'e.j<»mmehc^Mt ,Md c<mcfnsion <i£ stoiy; that .tiia . most. sensitive .^nd thin-skinned VJ, Dissenter. could. find .-no - jqwtt .. JSolgeatBiiMi's fieelings^need^l^^^^^im. andftey.ogly .in cohsequenice'of Ih^ir'pecollar poEdthn ;|rijth~)pEggr$ fp Protestantism, (! Tiie Jewish' gentleman's aqm .ief^rred -to .wwmotnj*': mpred from the Collegiate §chooL.for. any reason: ctmnectsd. ^withit*. raigiquaj teachingand .there was,» Disaqntingj^ntlfiijan la.tiu|twqr. district who vras quite as. strict in bis nolaonR as 3(Ir.-Giles. - He alluded , to Jfr. Eandall; yet be sent bis sons to f3i&, Coti egiate 6cl»ol, j|ad vijt * content, fliat they.fchould be p«B^rt the'pta;yer..r.Heiegte^wl to w* there were enemiesi to th^t valuable jnsatwon even in jthe ^ " " Church of England. A^fgit^iMa^hi^b^jocentJ artwwin^afcifhe^^^if S&isiu;^^Hear^^u-^lJei : he was taught to do bo lt>^ b^bre Fuseytte. m ,greater'lnmaling, 'the* iSvangeliSal movEithalit, -was* ihear.) He wasalmys^trghltobowteTOrevtiyatti^atsaereanam^wid' ihe trusted the Chnmhbf En^lHnfl wouldt»Bfeye herproprigty das^te .of all the outcry raised by the disguised TOssenteis who tin seeldnKM'^; desbtoyitratiier -than to'i-leave lt^ibeing:«inriati^to .laments'; rCUngihgiWith«'tenacity lahd-flshes. JUUifi! fc!*...-.-'.but: Mr. Anstey appealed1: fbTned"thBtgenBBnlsa ^diiijc&b;^ok 'toBO ictndd WtefifiMiieiH them. > '.: ". ait.Giiesj"""'1 i3ii to'cnie^xif^tKnii who' -MH&yi; while almost in the game breath lie reomnnnen Jed an outlay of £800 on the Bay-toad, irhich led to his owntwridfinw. \--^Slr.JGmes dented tnatr '" * .' ?Mx Anstey said nothing-oonld tnoredeariy prove ftil«nwlihi of cMtpHtiritmi'ln Uldhafocethe JGtoramment.respecting the^ttHft&ency; .Ofanimpald .ndlrresponBiblebodyytliMiiHiat'wjiiJrtrsaitloii.- They.'de ^vedpoadvantagefrom tfaeoffioe toylield,aialTrere opentotall 09113 \--loflmpatalidus. ...: : ...*..; *. '.i.-; v.; .Mr.'StytoaldssaUhe wished to ask Mr. Anstey a £ew questions/ . > Me. Anstey said hosaw by the -papers that Mr. Reynolds complained .. toy > contrast ofjhis jnot having jgiven foil and aattafactory answers. JEte ? > wished io dp bo there, andhopedthat gentleman -weald unbuckle. (A jjmgh. ' -;h 'f- :? f ? j'. . * ? ' * "t -: A «ries ofquestions followed; someof them evidently arosefrom; misapprehension on the part of Mr.KsynoldB, and nothing newwas elicited by the others, the;object being, toahow that Mr. Ansteys opinions being well known to the electors, they selected another eatidi-?. date at the last election. In theoonrae oftheconversatlon, Mr.iAns^ey emarked on a singular oversight of the Retaining Officer, who had not, up to that : evening, appointed a polllng-^ilaoe atGumeracko, anil&e; dand. it was his opinion that the oversight originated in the foeling that prompted the: Governor to commit an illegality and ah absurdity withreference to theSaliBbuiy polling-place, which blonder vitiated-; . thnelecttott. v . Mr. Duffleld wished to know whatgrotrads Sir. Anstey had forao nslng him of improper condnct daring the last election t . Mr. Anstey rose and requested Hr. Doffieldtoexplain^Mr. GlWs letter. . ? ; ; . . Mr. iDaffield oonld not recollect the exact wordsihe had used in conversation with Mr. Giles, but oould only have, used each Words1 in ; jest . ' ! .The Chairman was convinced, firom what he knew of Mr. Dumeld's : upright character and jocose disposition, that he gave the correct ex planation of the matter. . Mr. Duffleld denied that Mr. Hanson had.an active Committee, as had been stated; and he himself was present when Mr. Hanson said if he accepted the office of Advocate-General he would resign. Mr. Anstey-Unless that was said in reply to Mr. J. Baker, it does ot mend the matter. Was It so? Mr. Dufficld really oonld not recollect. After some farther contest, Mr. Anstey proposed, and Mr. Reynolds seconded, a vote of thanks to the Chairman. It was carried by ac clamation; and he, in dismissing the meeting, complimented the electors on their orderly behaviour. . There was another affair disposed of before the electors separated. The neglect to fix definitely a polling-place at Gumeracka came nnder iscussion, and the Governor's motives were canvassed very freely, tlie whole blame of the omission being laid at his door. - 'The feeling being general that the state of the roads would render it so inconvenient to - \- attend : at Houghton, that many would prefer submitting to a de privation of the franchise rather than journey so far to exercise it, it was resolved to forward remonstrances to the Colonial Secretary and the Returning Officer. The following is a copy of one of the docu ments drawn up and signed hastily: " Gumeracka, 4th August. " Sir—We, the undersigned electors of the district of Yatala, have the honour to draw your attention to the fact that no polIing- place in this portion of the district has been specifically described by the Returning Officer, by notice posted as at other places, and we beg to suggest that should it be necessary to do so, the same should be immediately per- formed, or we shall lose our election privileges in this portion of the district. "J. D. CAVE JOHN FISHER WALTER DUFFILED EDWARD STACKPOOLE ABRAHAM SHANNON JOHN FOBSTER JAMES O'LOUGHLIN GEO. FORSTER. J. R. G. FOWLER "To the Hon. the Colonial Secretary." Our reporter was requested to forward the above and its companion, addressed to Mr. Moorhouse, and lie posted them yesterday (Tuesday), before half-past 2 o'clock, at the General Post Office, Adelaide. 