' LITERARY CORHBSPONPENCIÎ, 1 NOTES OP AN ENFÖXQB, KOTB V, O Î mon PHYS, dos tes bellos campagnes, Jo cavilo encoco lo touchant souvenir ; Et, loin do toi, lo refrain dps montuencs, Me fait toujours palpiter do plaisir ! " Voyez-vous là-bai, là-bas, les mon- tagnes," said Jacques Sibadoy, our avant courrier, as the chariot emerged from >the wood* 'into tho plain, and tho'prospect, hitherto broken :by thc . uudulntrons of the ground, suddenly opened before us, dis- closing an-exquisite-variety of hill and dale, bounded in the far "distance, by the faint-'blue'outline of tho Pyrenees. , We started from pur seats, and thrusting our heads out of tho windows, feasted our eyes for the first time on tho majestic aspect of tho mountain rango, which divides Prance from Spain. Wo had left Mont de Marsan the previous evening ; making tho best of our way across tho dreary tvaatojof tho Landos. . The heat was great, and wo wore suffocated with dust-that peculiar, dry, hot dust, whose- habitat! is on tho Routes Royales of France ; and which is so familiar to travellers cn poste as-well as-io those en diligence. Now and then-we-would' meet a bevy of old paysannes jogging to market on their donkeys, attired in gay cottons, with the broad, fluted Gascon cap upon their heads, and jabbering one to another in that semi Spanish patois so dear to tho inhabitants of ancient Aquitaine. At intervals, in the low brush-wood, we could discern flocks of sheep, tended by tho stilted, shepherds whom the boggy nature of the- country compels to pass tho - major part of their existence in- awkward: exaltation above their fellows. Strange-looking giants, with their woodcn-lcgs and long balancing polo, stalking across the country like tho ghosts of a departed race, and scarcely * deigning to notice tho remainder of man- kind. Even the women, in that country, sometimcs resort to stilts, as if to keep within roach of their unearthly lords. Wo slept at Pau, On tho morrow I stood beside* tho cradle of Henri IV-tho gold and and purplo- relic of glorious days ngono. Tho old'pensioned. Sidsse des- canted at todious length on tho changes he had witnessed since' first he took up arms under Louis XV, falsely called Le Bicn-aimê. Ile told! us of. tho visits of crowned heads to the small but picturesque apartment over which he watched, and in which he hoped toendhis weary days. How Napoleon had gazed on thc berceau of tho great Béarnais. IIowtlieDucd'Angoulomc, when he-went to put down the liberals . in> Spain, discussed in the yard cf tho Chateau, with Ouvrard, tho financier, the means of feeding his troops in their winter quarters over the mountains-vary- ing the question of commissariat with historical enquiries about the ancient le- gends of Bearii. How, in happier timos, tho lieges had taken pride in doing homage on tho spot where ono of tho greatest monarchs of modern times first breathed the breath of lifo--and how ia these days of revolution, tho only visitors ho lind were the strangely curious English, whom' no diflicultics could stop, and no ex- pense deter, from thc gratification of their unaccountable passion for travelling chez l'étranger ! Poor old Suisso ! I was but a child when I saw thy gaunt form, which' filled but in part the folds of thy richly brocaded coat, and- heard thy garrulous talk and impotent- lament over tho days that- wore/ gone 'by-over tc bon vieux temps I Yet, though tho years of my life rapidly approach their meridian ; and though the scenes- of my. happy child- hood arc fading fast; away, never shall I forgot theo, poor old man t Wo plunged into, tho recesses of thc mountains. We visited every cavern, and every cascade; We stood - on tho terrace of St. Sauveur, looking down in amaze upon the valley beneath our foot, and raising our eyes again to tho wondrous ni ti tudes towering around us on all sides. ' We bathed at B.ignèrcs, wc took sketches of thc Gave ; and wc caught a glimpse of thc summit of Mont Perdu, whose highest peak was reached by my cousin, William E--, the-first man who undertook tho perilous- ascent. Wo saw tho Brèche dc Roland; and passed tho Pont d'Espagne, and for a few brief.moments wo looked on the laud of the Cid. But of all tho wild remembrances of that jouinoy to thc Pyrenees, thc most vivid in my mind is tho imago of Idaho, the beautiful moun- tain maideir of thc Inn at Cautorets. I was too young to bo seriously impressed by tho power of her charms-but I was yet a shrewd observer of tho deeds of thoso around mc ; and I well remember William giving her a golden cross, and taking in exchange from her a puro and' maiden kiss. Ah, Iilalie, I sec you now, spinning flax at tho door of thc Hotel des Pyrénées; and singing thoso snatches of romantic ballads about tho great deeds of arms of ancient Roland-whilst tho dis- tant Bound of thc mountain cascades and tho fresh, foaming, rushing of tho waters of tho Gave, kept happy tuno and unison witli the melody of your voiec ! 