VICTORIA. ( From Correspondent of Cornwall Chronicle.) The late unsuccessful adventurers of many individuals at the Pyrenees Deep Creek, &c.;, in quest or gold, would have led one to believe, had taught some a profitable lesson, as regards for- saking their various avocations and calling, and would tend to act as a check in cases of a similar kind. As far as relates to Mel- bourne, for the last two or three weeks it had began to assume its usual bustling appearance in business affairs, and scarcely, if any mention made of the diggings above mentioned, and which justifies the statements I sent you in former communications rela- tive to the existence of gold as yet discovered there ; however, the past few days, and the "gold fever" is again prevalent, and that too to an enormous extent. Some few individuals having made their appearance in Geelong, and exhibited cheques from £30 to £90, the proceeds of their labour at the diggings, and various specimens that was to be seen in many shop windows in Melbourne and Geelong has caused an unusual rush to the Buninsgong and Ballarat diggings, which in the city has become already as notorious as the Turon or the Ophir. It would scarcely be credited the number that has already left Melbourne, and those preparing to follow ; the various Geelong steamers are crowded to excess each day with passengers and their baggage, tools, &c.;, to say nothing of the many teams (horse and bullock) that are to be met with on the road to Buninsong. Geelong, I am given to understand, has already began to bear the ap- pearance of a deserted town, and instead of the bustling mercan- tile clerk, is to be seen on his perch a female or a strippling filling his place; house after house is vacated, and I heard to- day, from good authority, that carpenters are not obtainable at 15s. a-day ; 10s. and 12s. a-day is to be had in the merchant stores, and the employers of large labour must he greatly incon- venienced ; as regards Melbourne in this respect, it is similarly situated ; the ensuing week, it is expected, some of the large factories will have to close their huge gates ; the several large vessels now laying at anchor (most of them with full cargoes, just arrived from London) in Hobson's Bay and Point Henry, are in a complete fix for want of hands, desertion now being a common occurrence ; I have myself witnessed the breaking up of three or four comfortable domiciles, and the contents sold at a sacrificing price; most of the shops in the small line have closed, and it is feared some on a more extensive scale will, follow the example ; as if the various reports and specimens of gold was not sufficient to arouse excitement in the minds of the people, some scores of cradles are exhibited in front of many shops, on different principles, which never fails to draw a crowd around during the whole of the day, and this serves, in a great degree, to start many, who, perhaps, had not the least idea of it. The accounts from Buninsgong and Ballarat are certainly very cheering— but it must not be lost sight of, that when we hear of twenty, say forty successful individuals, not a mention is made of the many unfortunates. By my next letter I may, perhaps, be in possession of information that will authenticate the reports now afloat here — I shall by that time most probably hear from persons who have promised to write, and if at all favourable, no doubt your humble servant will ere long " walk his chalks " from the city. The weather still continues unsettled ; the quantity of rain that has fallen during the past three weeks renders many of the creeks and rivers impassible, and there is no end to reports reaching Melbourne day after day of the loss of life in making the attempt to cross. In redeeming my promise as regards the election, and in con- tinuation of my last letter respecting the poll up to a quarter to four o'clock on that day, I will now content myself with giving you a condensed account of the termination of the electioneering proceedings; but before I go any further, I may add that the state of the poll, at the various hours, which I sent you, was more or less incorrect, though I used my utmost endeavours to obtain as correct an account as possible — even the various news- papers all differed with respect to the number of votes; I can assign no other reason for the false representation being put about on the polling day, than to serve and meet the views of the various candidates and to mislead the people — however, if it may not be too late in the day, I have forwarded you a correct return of the number of votes taken for each candidate as copied from the Returning Officer's list. As the poll closed at four o'clock, it was thought that a little after that time, the poll would be declared, and this surmise led some hundreds of persons to loiter about the central committee rooms ; about an hour afterwards it was announced that the poll would not be declared till the following day at 12 o'clock, to allow time for the purpose of scrutinizing the votes ; but this occupying more time than at first was expected, it was further postponed for another day. At noon on Saturday, however, an immense number of persons congregated to hear the result, when Alderman Russell, the returning officer, called on the Town Clerk to read the poll list, which was us follows : — 4 o'clock. Westgarth ... 1202 O'Shanassy ... 1168 Johnston ... 1128 Nicholson (Mayor) ... 1094 Hodgson ... 618 Grevees ... 257 Cole ... 219 The returning officer then came forward and declared Messrs. Westgarth, O'Shanassy, and Johnston, duly elected members of the Legislative Council, for the City of Melbourne. The several candidates addressed the electors, and returned thanks for the honour they had conferred on them, and the crowd dis- persed. Messrs. Hodgson, Greeves, and Cole, "gave up the ghost " about 12 o'clock, no chance of success being visible. Messrs. Robinson and Strachan have been returned for Geelong. Messrs, Dight and T. P. Smith, for North Bourke, and Mr. Miller for South Bourke. Dr. Palmer " walked the course " for Portland, and Mr. Goldsmith for Colne and Ripon, Mr. Mercer for the county of Grant, and it was expected that Mr. John Fawkner would be returned for the counties of Talbot, Dalhousie, and Anglesey. This is all have as yet been able to get at, but as the writs are made returnable by the 1st of October, no doubt, by this, the elections are all completed. Owing to the amount of news you will be deluged with, by the arrival of the City of Melbourne, both Sydney and English, prevents me from enlarging at any further length on the elec- tions, and other matters, I must reserve till my next. 