II.TTCKS ON THE PfiltOSOPay OF TLAItJ EPEAKIKG ; WITH SOME SPEtiH⁢ FALSE SPEAXlfcO. LE1TEB.lt., [ To (Me Editor of (At Nation.] Dbau Sin,—The poor Jesuits are rtpr*- ventedBR regardlessof truth, regardless of Mercy, regardless of the law, fulness of means to accomplish their own- aggrandisewent, agents in the most atr°«ou B plots rccoidtd in history, relaxing the lam of the Gospel to suit the temper of the world) conccalfng from their Gentile converts the fundamental truths of Christianity, sanctioning idolatry, fraud, theft, impurity, duelling, assassination, lying, hypocrisy; in short, sanctioning the violation of every tie that holds society together, of every security that exists for life and property.. 1 hove quoted, j n ilic exact order, and as nearly its j ossiblc, in the eery uords of Mr. Macaulay, (he accusations which hereports or prefers against tli'em, in the eourse of a single paragraph of his book ! The whole society is charged with such crimes, with such a comhinnlion of such tnmes, exhausting the whole circle of Ijumsn depravity; charged by one whom the almost unnnimous voice of contemporary criticism, many-tongued as it is,ranks among the highest ornaments of English literature; charged in a hook which is in the hands ©f all, which charms all, of which twenty thousand copies have issued Jrom the press within a few months after its publication, a model of eloquence, a picture gallery in words, a reservoir of historical information for millions now "ving, and, unless the raven of the Quar- "Vft 1,as croaked a irue prediction for millions yet » 0 come. Vet all the charges •j".,, " " lie, devil-eyed, devil-tongued IrV/ . ,'V < " 1 tfie evidence «"e ' Wiick-hearted, phn risaical Jan- •eniBts, on the evidence of Pombal, on roe evidence of Tiius Oates, on evidence *• not admissible in any court higher tlian 'J" of * Tinville, s Korburr, or a bench cf Ulster Magistrates." And if I characterise these charges in the vciy feeble and verv inadequate language which I have just copied, I am, foreooth, ill-bred and abusive, and so-forth Speaking of Queen Elizabeth, 1 used an appellation which, stuck by itself i n the irouzy pages of the journal, does certaialv took like a bumper of the " real-native" among a circle of teetotal beverages. Hear how Mr. Macaulay speaks of that great Queen, and of another topic on which I nm charged as using abusive language, and 1o winch under the head of " false speaking, or, misrepresentation, I shall have to return. Assuredly my language is much more tame and moderate than his:—" A *» ose character may be best described by saying that he was desporira itself personified, unprincipled Ministers, a rapacious nristocracv, a servile pnrliawere £ . 'l>e instruments by which England was delivered from the yoke of Rome. The work which had been »*gun by Henry, the murderer of his wives, was continued by Somerset, the vu.Z e l of Ju S brolh / r ' and completed by Wisabcth, the murderer of her guest. Sprung from brutal passion, nurtured bv What! is truth to be utterly banished worn society—banished even from books? « the mantle of charity, that is for covering infirmities and private faults, to be made a clonk for op en, notorious, widedestructive vj]l«nv? Is the garment that protects modesty ana conceals deformity, to hide the asp or the canccrgnawing into the center of life P Are the great lessons of history and of ethics to be passed over, nnd clipped, and transmuted into illuminated scraps for the drawing-room table and the parlour window ? In our day there is growing up in all the departments of literature, a morbid sentimentality calling itself charity, bumanity, propriety, moderation, Politeness, respectability, and 1 know not flow many other appellations, according to the circle into which it creeps; like a travelling swindler, w ho changes his name and dress in every village he enters. It comes from the most opposite quarter:—ftom Lamartme, who writes elegies on dead birds; from Carlyle, who, while he would hang >11 scoundrels, is the greatest scoundrel worshipper of the age. tfe have apologies, aoft words, n ay, something that sounds like panegyric, f or Robespierre^ t)antcn, and many others of that class ; w,a this r>o, not from Socialists, Communists, and Jted Hepnblicans. They are all, all honorsole men, like the assassins of Cesar, in Marc Anthony's speech—honorable men who, if we lay in their way, would cut off your head and mine, and have people to drink our Mood out of consecrated chalices. * * * * The State nays Crown Lawyers for prosecuting, and judges for trying criminals. These functionaries speak very plain language, and call things hy their proper names. A thief is a ihir' - *-*— - -v . -—. —felon is a fclon, and certain acts arewyled wicked, seditious, traitcrous, done' at the instigav tion of the Devil, and so forth. There is no trimming or miheinghere: it is all just, seccssnry, and becoming. The public good requires that it should be so, the public authority takes care that it shall be so, and the public feeling is very well pleased that it is so. Nevertheless, the immense majority of crimes that come before courts of justice inflict injury on a comparatively small number, and within a very narrow limit. A man fs murdered in liis own house— there is horror, terror, and insecurity for miles round. But the strong arm of the law gropes about for the murderer, generally succeeds in clutching him, hangs him up until he is dead, and thereby terrifies the evil disposed and protects society from the danger of si mil aT outrages. Again, many of these crimes we the result of sudden passion, provocation, brutal ignorance, the pressure of'want, committed by p( RODS not utterly , depraved in principle not utterly lost ..to feelings of virtue, or cren of shame. Now, there is a class of criminals whe never come within the jurisdiction of prosecutor or j udge. Not because their guilt is small, or evidence thereof is wanting. Far from it—these are they whose crimes arr the most,wicked jn their commission, the most rninouB in their kind, the most extended in their sffects, the most notorious in their existence. They are crimes, not of a local habitation and «little day— their track of desolation is far and wide, the term of their influence extends from generation to generation, and no man can fix or predict the limit But they are imfnlpaole to ^hfc touch of law, fts the ghosts were to JEneas's sword j or they are above >»»—Itoonger than it, entranched behind a rampart of bayonets'and lawless pussioni i awing it) .gigging it/ fettering It, or, It may be, and it has been, that they sire the law iitelf. The gibing and the mendacity of Voltaire, the misrepresentations ; fii>d slanders of Pascal, the anarch insanity of Eosseaii, have done, 1 apprehend! more injury to the best interests of men than ell the robberies and poisonings that have occurred W London since the date of tht" PrOvihWal Letters.* And yet how Ihfie coiild the tribunals of justice have effected; h6w little did they attempt, in arresting the progress of their destructive coure.'in preventing or undoing its baleful results. Kay, have there not been kings to welcome, protect, and reward such; and makers and dispensers of law to clap hands a«d cheer them on P who could have tried Pombal, during the long period of his usurpation P Vhnt calamities had not Robespierre brought on the human race before his head rolled into his own basketP Hft w 'pl«ke£ down at last bv men as Bad as:hithself, his own accomplices, who, if he had shown a little more determination in time, might, in a few months more; have been acting as lictors under his dictatorship: Heniy beheaded his wives—there was no one to judge and behead him. To gratify his lust, his rapacity, and his pnde, he killed ahd robbed right and left, and wrenched n whole nation from the communion of the Church of Christ His daughter Elizabeth beheaded her royal guest and many others, and she lived and died in a blaze of glory ; her image is set in gold, and enwreathed with evergreens; she is only the " great Queen" of the historian, nndthc "dear Eliza" of the poet. ' This is the class of criminals who not only, from the very magnitude of their crimes, escaped or defied even human justice, but from whose ranks have been chosen the idols of what is called heroworship; as powerful rebels have succeeded and become great kings. It is not that their genius and other natural endowments are extolled, but the wicked designs to which these endowments gave cffcct arc concenled, palliated, diminislied, explained nway! or, what is far worse, are touched up into virtues, and exhibited for admiration. Only the bust is given—the upperpart, which is in the human form, the long scaly folds below are cut off—ordressed out 'into the shape of natural legs. The tiger is described from his streaked and glossy skin; but of the jaws, and the claws, and the kindling eye, and the murderous spring, not one word. W hat care I for the mellow periods, and the wit and fine sentiments of Pascal P There are two standards, according to the imageof the great IgnHtius—one is of God, the other tlie Devil. They who are ranged under the former have a hard battle to fight—in these out days perhaps harder than evcT—in order to keep Truth living and erect. It is little consolation to them that flowers are strewn upon her grave. What care I that the pestilence, which is hastening to slay me, comes laden with the scents of the rose-garden over which it has passed. This Pascal, the winged Mercuiy of Jensenism, deliberately publishes from month to month, and circulates to the end ofthe earth, the slanders I have already enumerated as copied by Macaulay. The fair character of so many innocent, so many saintly men, is, in the minds of thousands upon thousands, blackened, blasted, trampled down in the very mire as a dead, noisome, polluted thing. The name of Jesuit becomes a name of r e proach and loathing. And he did thi a The dregs of the convict ahip imd the gaol are pure compared with tnem. And he did this. The hearts of twenty thousand of the annointed ministers of religion the flower of the church, are steeped in wormwood and gall- And he did it. The bitterest of all agonies was theirs—worse than death, the agony of those who, after having lived and laboured for the good of their fellow creatures, are falsely accused of horrid crimes—their defence unheeded —their voice of appeal to the humanity and justice, shown to the vilest criminals, answered hy mockeiy and derision. This agony was theirs; and he inflicted it i'hev were torn from that houses, stripped 'naked, starved, robbed, transported, imprisoned, murdered; and he did it; not with bis hand of flesh, but with that mysterious power of genius which impels the hearts of men far and whide—impels them on and on, long after the frame from which it issued has mouldered in the dust. His book is the fruitful mother of the abominations that have been vomited forth against the Society for two hundred yer#«. There it stands* that book, immortal, alldestroying, ever-arching its doomed victims from age to age, like a canopy of hissing demons. Shall mighty crimes like this stalk the earth, without a rightful power to make them out; while the small delinquents, the nuisance of a petty village, are seized, branded, denounced, and punished with all the force and majesty of law ? There is no public accuser to arraign them, no juryto try them, no judge to condemn tnetn, no 1 executioner to do the last act of justice upon' them, save what the power of the pen creates in the formation of a sound public opinion. The power, when arrayed m their favour, enjoys unbounded license, wields unbounded influence, is crowned with unbounded applause. Shall it, then, when enlisted on the right Bide, be compelled to drug itself into unmanly feebleness—to exhaust itself in whimperings, whisperings and feints? The bandit use the sword of steel to kill and rifle: by that sword he shall be repelled and cloven' down. But only by the sword of the pen can the hero-bandits of the earth be reached, resisted, slain; must its edge be only then hscked and blunted when turned against them, for the protection of innocence, and honor, and truth? I pray God, every day of my life, that it may not come to this pass with me.' It is true, that this power maybe abused. But there are clear and definite rales for the proper exercise or it The exposition of these will make abundant matter for a separate latter. With many thanks for yonr Jundnessiti permitting eo large ®n intrusion on'your space, I-am, &c.;, &c.; 1 . . , Royal College of St. Patrick, Mayaooth, March 17th. DEFECTIVEEDUCATION.—TheJsst report ot the RegiBtrarGeneral shows, that the men married in England in tbe year 1844—89,337 signed 'their. names, «nd '42,912 made their tnarks in the books I Of the women, only 67,176wrote their names, and65,073, or 49 out of every 100, made tbeir marks,! .... ., '.' ' '"" Why- did tbe Queen go to Cork ? —Because then is a Cove there »be wished to tea. A ctlehrated hvangelical preacher once told iii(LicerpooIAlbion), pleasptftlyj tliat'when he was unmarried' the yojung ladies of liis congregation' were indefatigaWa' in hemming cr^vaU/hahdkerciiiefs, &c.;, for him; but* Jie added,' Withempliasii, "Sinfce I ihare iiad a wife ,1 have not even had on* to do it for me." ,.' ' ; A ''Boston barber advertises to •have anything—even "the face of nature."" A Yfenkee Journal states,, that there is a man in Vermont who is so tell that he cannot tell when his toes a re cold 1 —This is probably the person who never .allows hjs servant to aetup for him, as be can put;liis arm down,the chimney to unbolt the street; door. . ' • i: : ' PATBICE MPBBAT, 