FRANCE AND FREE TRADE. (From the Edinburgh Newa.) A three.day's dobato upon tho ques- tion of Free-Trade in ..the'French' Cham- ber is tho greatest political novelty of tho week.1 That debato was caused by a motion of M. St. Bcuvo, which' involved in substance-1st, an , abolition of all pro- tective duties on food nnd raw materials ; 2nd, a largo reduction of tho existing tariff on manufactured goods ; 3d,' a re- peal of tho navigation- laws ; and ,4th, thc imposition of a property-tax in liou of tho Custom' duties, proposed to bo repealed. In Franco,' a country 'whore ovory man is protected' from every . other man in theory, and whore tho supposed interests of every class nro secured by statutory en- actments of fiscal regulations, tho pro- pounding of such a such a solióme showed a boldness of attempt which only tho , cx atnplo of this country could havo produced or rondorcd tolerable to thc French poc-plo. Tho speech of M. St. Bcuvo was largely interspersed with illustrations from British action and British success, and ho praised with becoming admiration tho great commercial policy of tho late Sir Robert Peel. Tho hon. deputy viewed as wo havo nlwnys done, tho income-tnx not as an isolated act or mero make-shift, temporarily to raiso a sinking revenue, but ns tho prelude to, and basis of nu cutiré alteration in tho principles which govomcd our wholo commercial policy, nnd hence ho propounded it as an integral portion of his Frco-frodb policy. Tho motion wns lost by a largo majority 5 but it had also a much grcntor number nf supporters than had tho annual niottons of Mr, Villiers for n ropcal of tho oorn-laws, up almost to tho moment of thoir repeal. Evon tho kind of opposition tho free trndors havo encoun- tered in Franco is well calculated to in spire thew with renewed ardour and stimulating hope, Tlmt opposition was led hy MV Tiners, not a statesman, nut a professional orator and litterateur, ono of o eJftss whose influonco in tho government of states is happily diminishing-a class who have proved moro dangerous to communities than any other class of so-called modern statesmen, and as one of tho speakers in tho debato justly said, a class ft who caused revolutions through lino and specious speeches, without ever being able toprevent such catastrophes by their nets." Some of tho purely Whig organs thoso who always represent Government except through some blunder or mistake -have lately been expending their wit and their wisdom upon tho electors of j Edinburgh in defence of this samo class. The Globe bestowed nn article upon " tho descent from Macaulay to Cowan" ns representativo of . Edinburgh. Tho Manchester Guardian follows itsMiuisto rial, and, as somo affirm, Ministerially writtbn leader. But every day's expe- rience proves that brilliant litterateurs, accomplished essayists, or rhetorical historians aro by no means necessarily profound statesmen, nor do they, ns : general rule, in any useful sense male distinguished representatives. Macaulay like Guizot,could deliver brilliant speeches and M. Thiers, Uko both, can perform tin same feats of rhetorical display ; but a tho debato in tho French Chamber shows eloquence nnd argument, finely roundel periods and profound statesmanship, oi oven average comprehension of great poli tical and commercial truths, aro by n< means identical. Experience shows tba historical studei)ts aro comparatively use less for practically applying those princi- ples and truths which all history tenches Mr. Macaulay delivered glowing orations, but ho remedied no abuses. Guizot conk detect and relate tho causes which led t( revolutions in England, but was powerless to provide against causes not dissimilar, till these hurled his master from a throni and converted himself into an exile Thiers is tho historian of tho empire, bul ho has failed to extract from that mingled scene those great lessons it was so wei calculated to teach. In his late speech, the hislorian and orator has only decorated anew tho absurd and exploded political fancies of his great hero, nnd the F renell Ohntubor rung with applause, while thc accomplished artist bamboozled tho in- tellect nnd flattered tho national vanity by reciting; as thc highest political wisdom, tho continued adherence of tho French nation to tho effete commorcial vagaries oí Napoleon. The speech of M. St. Bouvc, able and eloquent ns M. Thiers admitted it to be, must havo becu as gall aud worm- wood to that great npostlc of nnarchy and strife in Franco ; and in thc four pro- positions submitted, M. Thiers must have descriod little else than tho beginning of tho end of those French politicians whoso chief nim has ever been to isolato their country-that important member of tho European fnmily-commercially from nil thc other nations, but moro particularly from Britain. Tho abolition of protec- tive duties, tho very large reduction of tho French tariff,, and thc abolition of tho French navigation-laws, might promote an almost illimitable commercial interchange between tho two countries ; and instead of tho gifts of nature bestowed upon each being perverted as hitherto, in tho lan- guage of thc Into Mr. Villiers, " tho seas which surround Great Britain and Ireland and wash thc shores of France, should literally.'swarm with vessels, cngagod not only in the interchange of material pro- ducts, but ia diffusing knowledge and stimulating improvement, in creating everywhere new neighbourhoods, in consolidating internal dependence ; in short, in drawing daily more close tho bonds of international pence and confidence, nnd thus advancing, while they also served to confirm and secure, tho peace, tho civilisation, nnd tho happiness of Europe." Tho political policy of M. Thiers, as of Napoleon, compelled, and still compels, a commorcial code tho vory reverse of thnt so eloquently set forth by Mr. Villiers. With thc Emperor, ns with his historian, Franco Was powerful only ns it was to bo independent . of other countries, despite all natural difficulties. In tho minds of both, French power could only bc exalted on British humiliation, and tho commercial independence of Franco was considered ono of tho certain modes of disturbing nnd destroying tho commercial superiority of Britain. How far that system lias injured Britain, wo leave M. Thiers to discover ; its injury to Franco is patent now to an every day increasing number, oven in France, as in all Europe besides. . Thc re-adornment of tho exploded war policy of Napoleon, will not again, in these more peaceful days, enchain tho thinking commercial mind of Franco ; and tho ghost which tho orator has attempted to raise, liko tho body of its all but conquering projector, should now bo decently shrouded and accommodated in tho Pantheon. It would bo useless to note tho assump- tion of M. Thiers in defenco of continued restriction, ns it would bo impossible to enumerate all his inconsistencies. Ho first vaunts his nation's manufacturing superi- ority, and then deprecates .freo trade ns ruinous to French manufactures. Bread is doaror in London than in Paris, and M. Thiors declares that French agriculture would bo ruined by admitting tho dearer nrtielo duty free. Ho admits that Britain lins prospered under freo trndo, but pro phcticnlly shakes his head about some bad time coming. In short, his speech is an oration without a principle!-his objections tho ingenuities bf a special pleader, not tho doubts of a statesman. If, as M. Thiers asserts, everything bo protected in Franco, of wdiat value is protection to any ? Tho policy of such politicians as M. Thiors lins ever boon to mako Fronchmcn bóliovo that it was hotter to pay double price for nu article if tho money was to romain at homo, than half tho sum if tho prico was to bo sent abroad. Some of tho Protec- tionist party in our own country havo adopted tho samo crudo delusion, but tho experionco of our railway innnin must havo convinced every mnn in Britain of tho fallacy of this plausible sophism, showing, ns it diil, (hat a great people woy bo made ?o hover on tho verge of bankruptcy jby spending more money than they cnn afford within tho boundaries of their own country, France is not without instances . of tho same kind, tako beetroot sugar and iron ns instances. Franco protected tlio manufacturo'of beetroot sugar, first by a differential duty equal to thc entire cost of manufacture as against their own colonial sugars, and then these in turn were pro- tected against tho sugars of other coun- tries. This process of protection on this article alone, according to a report of tho Bordeaux Chamber of Commerce, cost Franco ¿£80-1,000 annually, and estimating tho two protections, homo made and colo- nial combined, thc total loss was upwards of ono million sterling. Now, who' paid this money, if not tho consumers ? But this was not tho only, nor perhaps tho worst feature of this vicious system. It was known to all Franco; that in Havro every merchant, however wealthy, who had engaged in this doubly protected trade, had boon rained 5 while in tho iron trade; also protected by enormous duties of 200 per cent., bankruptcy and iron- master carno to be considered nlmost as synonymous terms. More capital had been lost in tl»ese two specially protected articles of produce by tho manufactu- rers of France, than in any other branch either of trade or commerce. But another grievance yet remained, although moro indirect in character and appearance. It crippled, almost destroyed tho shipping interest. Bulky articles, such ns sugar, could not be brought from distantcountrics, and tho lighter nnd moro fanciful class of imports would not pay thc freights. Tho demand was not largo enough, and thus the regulations which were supposed to protect, actually destroyed commercial prosperity. M. Thiers says "all arc protected," by which ho means all producers of certain articles ; but as protection of producers is eyer made at tho expense of the consumers, tho groat body of tho people must bocomo a prey to certain interests, or else must bocomo members of ono groat fraternity where all prey upon nil, by having all property in common. Universal protection'; is the most absurd and expensive kind of bastard Socialism ; partial protection is tho rob- bery of one for thc benefit of another, without any permanent advantngo either to individuals or tho State. t_ 