CONVERTS. SCARCELY an English or Irisli paper reaches us but we find the names of •some of the brightest ornaments of the Protestant church, as' well as : laymen and women, who are now joining the church of Rome, but no sooner is the fact known -than the most vile and slanderous; assertions ate made 1 ^rfespe'ctitig tire tfouve'rts, who, up to,the moment of their recantatjoiY, were liighly respected by all their fellow Christians. Tlie last nobleman (that we have heard of), who has joined the-Holy Roman Catholic Cluu'ch, is no less , a personage than Lord Fielding, a man who always, took a most prominent part on behalf of the Church Missionary and Bible Societies meetings. This gentleman no sooner declares that he is a Catholic,, than the vile conservative press attack him right and left; but we copy his Lordship's letter,wliich reflects great credit upon him both as a man and a Christian:— To the Editor of ihi Times. _ "Sir,—I have this morning read in the Times, with no little surprise, an article upon what yon are pleased to term, my 'Secession f.pm the Church,' in which there are someassertions which absolutely call for a denial from myself. 1 will comment upon them in the order in which they come. After a few prefatory remarks, it is stated that my 'immediate motive' inseeeding fromthe Anglican commhmon was the course of conduct pursued by his Grace the Archbishop of York and some other church dignitaries in roferedce to the GFoiiiam'cas& tn reply. t» this, lam -bound to say that had this been - - my immediate motive I should certainly have waited some time yet, with- the hope of its being possible still to-persuade the ecclesiastical authorities todo what might be in their power tare-establish the orthodox doctrine on infant baptism. This, however, is. not the case. The late painful conQicts in the (so- ' called) Church of England- have only been instrumental in my conversion to tbe Catholic Chiuch in v> far as they proved t > methw entire-'absence ofalivinj; definite authority in matters of faith, without which creedsand formularies, being liable to different interpretations, are mere dead letters. Such a living definite-authority, conclusive and infallible, as guided by the promised teaching of the Holy Ghost, 1 find alone claimed and alone exercised in the Church of Home, For this reason and from the- firm and over- - powering con victim -that the. Church of England at the Information iiakl forfeited her Catholicity in separating herseif from the centre of unity, 1 felt myBelf bound to leave her, being convinced that .she is nowonly reaping tbe natural fruits of what she had then sown. My doubts on this point werenotthe growthofadayora week; they had long harassed me, and the principal essays- to- prove the contrary appeared to me eminently unsatisfactory and inconclusive. At the tiroe of tbe great: meeting in July, my mind was &r; fruit easy on the subject, and I did.irat intend to hav» taken any part in the proceedingsof that day, beyond recordmy votesand signing the addresses. When, however, it was ascertained thatonebuilding was insufficient to contain the whole of the meeting, such: nomeroufe entreaties werar poured in upon me to preside in another halL and thus keep together those who would otherwise have been compelled to go away unsatisfied, that my requests to be excused from taking any prominent part were over' ' ruled, and I was compelled to submit. At that meeting yon state, "His Lordship used ;' these words:—' I have heard with pain some \- allusion to separation asaposHblecontingent, should the State proceed to further aggressions- That, i admit, might justify us in seeking relief from the trammels of the State- . Secession from the C'tiiircti is quite another thing, h it fpr churchmen to desert their Church at her utmost need t When the enemy is at the gate, shall the soldiers of Christ, the Divine head of the Church, violate their loyalty and allegiance by rushing into dissent, if not something worse? " The suggestion was made, I presume, merely io tbe hurry of discuBsionj but i fain hojje notrue churchman, whether he be clorgyaiaft or layman, would seriously entertain the idea of secession from the Church." You con-- - dude, " Suoh was the emphatic language 1 used by his Lordship only two mouths back." I do not boast of having a precise memory, aud have no notes of my speech on that occasion. • I can only, therefore, say that 1 have not the slightest reoolleotion of using any such language. Indeed, I.am firmly convinced I did not do so. If you quote from the report of Tlie. Times on that occasion t can most unhesitatingly pronounce it to be a forgery, for 2 remarked at the time that The Timw had made me up a speech of which I cud not utter a single sentiments However, waving all this, no one Will deny that I impressively Baid that it wusthe duty • ion, and thtft r Was' prepared lo 4o to. step 1 have taken sufficiently alttssts this— nil no one who knows me will think ttiat I should have adopted such a course had I not been conscientiously convinced that it was for the aakb of truth and duty. I shall feel \- muoh obliged If you will suffer this letter,$» afopepr 'in the next edition FCFOFO-ZSmm. . , j • I V e m a i n , s i r , . t : your obedient servant,., • • Imsniii.'., ; Edinburgh, Sept, 3, 1850.' ' ' '"" 1 It is said that many other noblemen and their families intend, to follow the steps of Lord Fielding, by joining the ancient Catholic Church, 