A Chapter of Solids. . A Tnouonr POK'Yoo.to MEX.-No wreck is rt» shocking to behold ns tho wrcok of disso .luto young mnn ; tho 'vigour'of lifo oxhnustod, and yet tho first steps in ^honorable career not yet taken '; in himself n Iazar-houso of disoaso ! .dead, but by'a heathenish custom of society, not buried 1 .Hogues haro had tho initial lotter of .tho titlo burnt into tho palms of their hands ; but on tho porson of tho debauchco, or tho ino brinto.'tlio signatures of infamy-aro wrltton. How naturo brands him with stigma ¿ind op .probriutn'l How sho hangs labols over him, to testify hor disgust at his eiistoncO, nod tond ? monish others to bowaro of bis'example 1 How v*he loosensall his joints, sends tromoura through ¡Ms masólos, bonds forward 'bis ; frnmo, 'and dis-' .figures his fa co, as if Intont upon obliterating nil "traeos of her own, imago, so sho may swear sho " novci' mndo him t . Then lot tho young man look upon an oxnmplo of intelligent honest worth, I ,and say .which pattern ho will follow in .shaping .his.courso through life. -> . ; "UKKASV LIES tna IIKSD," Ac-With all bis boardings, Rothschild was by no means a'happy man,' Dangers and assassinations secmod1 to bannt his imagination by day and by night, nud not without grounds. Many a tlrao, as ho him- self said, just boforo hosat down to dinner^ n note would bo put into bis Vnnd runnlng thus^ .' If you do not send mo immediately tho' sum of £500, I will blow your brains ouv» Ho anec tod to dosplso snob throats ; they, noWtheloss, ex- ercised a direful effect upon tho \nHHonriiro. Ho loadod his pistols overy night bofói¿ ho wbtit to bod, nnd put thom besido him. HOvdld »ot think, hlmsolf móro'sccuro in his oonntinVhoiuo than ho did in his bed. ..It mUt bc, moreover, confessod thnt tho members ot t,ho synagoguo generally did not ontcrtnin tho »ant, ,'respeot for him ns tho foroigu Jows do for thu Rothschilds of Frankfurt. : Somo thought ho might havo dono moro for. .his brethren than; ho 'did, and that, if bo had only tisod tho influence which ho possossod with Government, and tho many friends which ho lind nt Court, all tho civil disabilities with which .tho'Jowa continued tobo , stigmatised, would havo been nbó|fáhod whon tho proposition was first mootyd.' '. Hut Roths- child,'' said an lutelligont English dow . to' tho writor, " was too great" a slavo' to his money, and all other slavery was couutod liberty in his Sight." . ( / _ . . i.'''-.; Das ss.-Thora is not in' tho world a surer sign ol rv little soul limn tho striving togalo rospoot by such dosploablo monos as dress nnd rion clothes. Nono will dopond on thoio or I» .monti but they who havo no other. . liwvmfi-An hoaf* iiidu»try will do moro to beget cheerfulness; »upprossretil humour*, and retrieve your afluir*, than a month** maiming'. ' ', ???'?;_? ;Lord Bacon,'beautifully said-" If n'man be gracious to strangers, it «how* ho if. a citiscn of tho world, mid that his hoart 1* np. island cut od from other lands, hut a continent that jolu* them." , * Testimony ls Uko an arrow shot from a long- bow, the férco of it depends on tho strength of i tho hand that draws it. Argument ia liko on ¡ arrow froin a cross-bow,'which bas equal force, ? though shot by a child. j THOUGHTS ox PBISTWO-Many'a bright thought . flashes and fados within -the cellar of the mind, \ useless to tho world as to the. thinkers : but a i printed thought never dies. Nothing is so in- destructible. The proudest works of art crum- ble to tho dost, but the-eloquent thought lires, and will live down to tho end of time. " A penny for your thoughts " is nn old and quaint expression, and if all tho thoughts.'that wcro over, uttered could be bought up at this rate, it might provo a profitable investment. '. SAVE I SAVB 1 SAVK !"-What is thero a man-cannot savo nnd improve* By. curbing appetite and restraining passion, by observing prudonco and maintaining regularity, ho may savo his health, husband his strength, and thus preserve tho springs of health, ns constant.foun- tains of energy and happiness, to sustain'-nnd cherish' li i in under overy labour and -hardship. Ho may saro a fortuno by industry and denying himsolf needless indulgence, and bo may find a - puro enjoyment in devoting it to noble uses. Ono of tho hours each day wasted on trifles or indolonco, saved and daily devoted to improve- ment,~ia onemgh to mako an ignorant man wiso in ten yenrs-to próvido tho luxury of intelli- gence to a mind torpid from hick of thought to brighten up and strongthoh faculties perishing with rust-'to mako lifo a fruitful field, and death a harvest of glorious deeds. PoroLAn FALLACIES. - Thero is a wonderful vigour of constitution in popular fallacy. When tho world 'has once got hold of a lie it is asto- nishing how hard it is to get it out of tho world. "You beat it'about the head tilt it seems to bavo given up tho ghost ; and lo ! tho next day it is as healthy ns ovor again. Tho best example of tho vitality of a Ano saying, which hns tho nd vantngo of hoing a fallacy, is in over-linellniod i pieco of nansouso'nttributed to Archimedes- I viz., «that ho could moro tho earth, if ho bad any plnco at a distanco from it to fix a prop for j bis lover." This is ono of tho standard illusions, j ono of tho necessary stock in trade, for nil orators, poets, and aowspaper writers; and per- sons, wlionorer they meet with lt, tako Archi- medes for an extraordinary great man, and cry, " bord, how wonderful !'.' Now, if Archimedes had found his place, his prop and lever, and if ho could bavo moved with tho swiftness of a cannon-ball, 485.milos every hour, it would have taken him just 44,003,040,000,000 years tohavo raised tho.earth ono inch f And yet pooplo will go on quoting absurdity ns gospel, wondorlng at tho wisdom of Archimedes. 