CONVERSIONS. (From a Correspondent of the ' Church and Stale Gazette.' ) i am aoie to send you a little more information ' respecting the transitions of the Transitionists. Another of the inmates of Archdeacon manning's ' convent,' at Wantage, has followed the example of the 'reverend mother,' and has just entered the convent at Hammersmith. E. Windeyer, Esq., of King's College, London; has also joined the (Romish) Church, and has pro ceeded to bt. Edmund's College to prepare for the' priesthood. It is understood that several of Mr. Windeyer's relatives have also seceded. Mrs. Sims, the housekeeper at the clergy house, Margaret Chapel, has folWed the example of the schoolmaster and schoolmistress, and has been received into the Church of Rome. Mr. Cavendish is the fifth clergyman from that chapel Avhose seces sion has been recorded. Several other persons of the lower orders have also taken this step. Mrs. Henry Wilberforce (the lady of the vicar of East Earleigh) has also been received into the (Eomish) Church. This lady is the second of the Bishop of Oxford's sisters-in-law Avho have been per Averted — Mrs. William Wilberforce having been received into the Eoman communion several weeks ago. Mr. Anderdon, the Vicar of St. Margaret, Lei cester, has recalled all his sermons, &c;, in which, anything is said to the disparagement of the (Eomish) Church. It is reported that Mr. Boyer, the eminent law yer, (Lecturer on Civil Law in the Temple,) has also joined the Roman Catholic Church. The Eeverend Eyre Stuart Bathurst, rector of EibAvorth Beauchamp, Leicestershire, made a pro fession of faith at the oratory in this town a few days ago, and Avas received into the Church by th Very Eev. Dr. Newman. The Rev. gentleman has proved the sincerity of his change by the resignation of a large annual income, and every pretension to ecclesiastical distinction. — Catholic Standard. Eumoured Secession. — It is rumoured in cleri cal circles that a large metropolitan rectory may be expected to fall vacant in the course of a few days by the resignation of the present incumbent, Avho has intimated to the authorities his intention of joining the communion of the Roman Catholic Churci. — Weekly Chronicle. Lord Fielding. — To the Editor of the Times.— ' Sir, — I have this morning read in the Times, Avith no little surprise, an article upon Avhat you are pleased to term my 'Secession from the Church,1 in which there are some assertions Avhich absolutely call for a denial from myself. I will comment upon them in the order in Avhich they come. After a feAv prefatory remarks, it is stated' that my 'imme diate motive' in seceding from the Anglican com munion Avas the course of conduct pursued by his Grace the Archbishop of York and some other church dignitaries in reference to the Gorham case. In reply to this, I am bound to say that had this been my immediate motive I should certainly have Avaited 'some time yet, with the hope of its being' possible still to persuade the ecclesiastical authori ties to do Avhat might be in their power to reestab lish the orthodox doctrine on infant baptism. This, hoAverer, is not the case. The late painful conflicts in the (so-called) Church of England have only been instrumental in my conversion to the Catholic Church in so far as they proved to me the entire absence of a living definite authority in matters ol faith, without Avhich creeds and formularies, being liable to different interpretations, are mere dead utters. Such a living definite authority, conclusive and infallible, as.guided by the promised teaching of the Holy G-host, I- find alone claimed and alone exercised in the Church of Home. For this reason, and from the firm and overpowering conviction that the Church of England at the Reformation had forfeited her Catholicity in separating herself from the centre of unity, I felt myself bound to leave her being convinced that she is now only reaping the' natural fruits of what she had then sown. My doubts on- this point were not the growth of a day or a week; they had long harassed me, and the principal essays to prove the contrary appeared to me eminently'unsatisfactory and inconclusive. At the time of the great meeting in July, my minfl was fav from easy on the subject, and 1 did not intend to have taken any part in the proceedings of that day, beyond recording my votes and signing the addresses. When, however, it was ascertained that one building was insufficient to contain the whole of the meeting, such numerous entreaties were poured in upon me to preside in another hall, and thus kpep together those who would otherwise have been compelled to go away unsatisfied, that my re quests to be excused from taking any prominent part were overruled, and I was compelled to sub mit. At that meeting you state, ' His Lordship used these words : — 'I have heard with pain some allusion to separation as a possible contingent, should the State proceed to further aggressions. That, I admit, might justify us in seeking relief from the trammels of the State. Secession from the Church i3 quite another thing. Is it for churchmen to desert their Church at her utmost need ? When the enemy is at the gate, shall the soldiers of Christ, the Divine Head of the Church, violate their loyalty and allegiance by rushing into dissent, if not something worse ?' The suggestion was made, I presume, merely in the hurry of dis cussion, but I fain hope np true churchman, whether he be clergyman or layman, would seriously entertain the idea of secession from the Church.' You conclude, ' Such was the emphatic language used by his Lordship only two months back.' I do not boast of having a precise memory, and have no notes of my speech on that occasion. I can only, therefore, say that I have not the slight est recollection of using any such language. In deed, I am firmly convinced I did not do so. If ' you quote from the report of The Times on that occasion, I can most unhesitatingly pronounce it to he an entire forgery, for I remarked at the time that The Times had made me up a speech of which I did not utter a single sentiment. However, waving all this, no one will deny that I impressively said that it was the duty of every churchman to light for the truth, careless of all obloquy, and the ' world's opinion, and that I was prepared to do so. The step I have taken sufficiently attests this — as no one who knows me will think that I should have adopted such a course had I not been conscienti ously convinced that it was for the sake of truth and duty. I shall feel much obliged if you -will suffer this letter to appear in the next edition of The Times. — I remain, sir, your obedient servant, Fielding.- Edinburgh, September 3, 1850: ?Consecration' of a New Catholic Cathedral. — York, September 4.— -This morning having been fixed for the solemn dedication of the cathedral which has been erected by the Roman Catholic body in this city, several .dignitaries of the church and' a large number of its influential members assembled with a view to take part in the proceed ings. Shortly after ten o'clock, the Right Rev. ?John Briggs, 'Bishop of Thischis, and Vicar Apos tolic of the district of York ; the Right Rev. Dr. James Gillis, Bishop of Limyra and Coadjutor Ticar Apostolic of Edinburgh ; the Right Rev. Dr. Morris Bishop of Troy ; entered the cathedral * followed by a large number of priests in their sacerdotal robes, deacons, acolytes, and other officers of the cathedral. High mass was performed by ,the Rev. Robert Tate, D. D. ; after which the ceremony of dedication or consecration took place. The sermon was preached by Dr. Gillis, Bishop of Limyra, who spoke in highly eulogistic terms of the efforts made by the Roman Catholic clergy to make more generally known the doctrines of their church, as evinced by the remarkable con versions which had of late taken place. The new cathedral, which is a handsome structure, is dedi cated to St. George. After the ceremony a colla tion was provided at the Festival Concert room— the Hon. Charles Langdale, presiding. A spacious church, dedicated to St. Marie, has .been erected by the same body at Sheffield, and is to be consecrated by Bishop Briggs on Wednesday next, the 11th inst. — Dublin Freeman of September. 