HOW I STOOD FOR THE DEEP -DAILY BURGHS. (Kram Blackett's! Vanburgh suggests.) CHAPTER V. CONCLUSION. PaRLIAMENT was at length dissolved ; the new writs were issued, and the day of nomination fixed for the Dreepdally burghs. For a time it appeared to say. I felt, and indeed to alston every one else, that my return was, perfectly Secure. Provost Senate was so great glory, and the face of the unknown Clique were positively radiant with satisfaction. But a ' storm was brewing in another quarter, upon which we had not previously calculated. The Honourable Mr Puzzlelli waite, my opponent, had fixed his head quarters in Drouibielaw, and to all appearance was making very little progress in Dreepdally. Indeed, in no sense of the word could Fusslelbwaite be said to be popular. He was a middle-aged man, at blind as a bat, and, in order to cure the defect, be ornamented hit village with an immense pair of green spectacles, which, it may be easily conceived, did not add to the beauty of his appearance. In speech he was slow and ver- base, in manner awkward, in matter almost wholly unintelligible. He professed principles which be said were precisely the same as those advocated by the late Jeremy Bentham; and certainly, if he was correct ID Ibis, I do not regret that my parents omitted to bring me up at the feet of the utilitarian Gamaliel. In short, Faul was proxy to a degree, had not an atom of animation in his whole composition, and could DO more have carried a crowd along with him than he could have supported Atlas upon his shoulders. A portion, however, of philo. sophie weavers, and a certain section of the Seceders, had declared in his favour and moreover, It was just possible that he might gain the suffrages of some of the Conservatives. Killleweem, the Tory burgh, had hitherto preserved the appearance of strict neutrality. I had attempted to address the electors of that place, but I found that the hatred of Drevpdaily and of its Clique was more powerful than my eloquence and somehow or other, the benighted savages did not comprehend the merits of the Revolution Settlement of 1588, and were as violently national as the Celtic race before the in Mention of trees. Killleweem had equipped half a regiment for Prince Charles in the Forty-five, and Still piqued itself on its staunch Episcopacy. A Whig, therefore, could hardly expect to be popular in such a den of prejudice. By the advice of McCorkindale, I abstained from any further efforts, which might possibly have tended to exasperate the electors, and left Killleweem to itself, in the hope that it would maintain an armed neutrality. And so it probably might have done, but for an unexpected occurrence. Two days before the nomination, a new candidate appeared on the field. Sholto Douglas was the representative of one of the oldest branches of his distinguished name, and the race to which he more immediately belonged -had ever been foremost in the ranks of Scot Uah chivalry and patriotism, In fact, no family had suf. feted more from their attachment to the cause of legitimacy than the Douglases of Inveriachan. For. failure after forfeiture had cut down their broad leads to a narrow estate, and but for an unexpected Indian legacy, the researcher would have been marching as a subaltern in a foot regiment. But a large importation of rupees had infused new life and spirit into the bosom of Sholto Douglas Young, eager and enthusiastic, be determined to rescue himself from obscurity and the present state of the Drecpdatly burghs appeared to offer a most tempt- ing opportunity. Douglas was, of course, conservative to the backbone ; but, more than that, he openly proclaimed himself a friend of the people, and a supporter of the rights of labour. "Confound the fellow I" told Bob M'Corkindale to me, the morning after Shone's address had been placarded through the burghs, " who would have 'thought of an attack of this kind from such It quarter. Have you seen his manifesto, Dumhunner ?" " Yes-here it is in the Patriot. The editor, however, gives him it soundly in the leading article. Ilikebisdogmatic style and wholesale denunciation of the Tories." 11 I'll tell you what it is, though-I look upon this as any thing but a joke. Douglas is evidently not a man to stand upon old aristocratic pretentious. He has got the right sow by lbs ear this time, and had be started a little earlier, might have roused the national spirit is a very unpleasant pitch. You observe what be says about Scotland, the neglect of her local interests, and the manner in which she has been treated, with reference to Ireland to" "Ida. And you will be pleased to recollect that but for yourself, something of the same kind would have appeared in my address." " If you mean that at a reproach, Dunthunner, you are wrong. How was it possible to have started you as a Whig upon patriotic principles V. Well that's true enough. At the same time, I cannot help wishing that we had said a word or two about the interests to the north of the Tweed." ?' '. What is done cannot be undone. We must now stick by the Revolution settlement." <> Do you know, Bob, I think we have given idem quite enough of that same settlement already. Those fellows at Killleweem laughed in my face the last time that I talked about it and I am rather afraid that it won't go down on the boilings." "Try the sanatory condition of the town, then, and universal conciliation of Ireland," replied the Economist. '. I have given orders to hire two hundred Paddies, who have come over for the charter!, at a shilling a-head, and of course you may depend upon their voices, and also their shillelagh, if needful. I think we should have a row. It would be a great matter to make Douglas unpopular; nod, with a movement of my little finger, I could turn out a whole legion of navigators." " No, Bob, you had better out. It is just possible they might make a mistake, and shy brickbats at the wrong candidate. It will be safer, I think, to leave the mob to itself at the same time, we shall not be the worse for lbs Tipperary demonstration. And how looks the savage f " tolerably well, but not perfectly secure. The Clique has done its very best, but at the same time there is undeniably a growing feeling against it. Many people grumble about its dominion, and are fools enough to say that they have a right to think v for themselves." " Could you not circulate a report that Puzzle. Ibwaite is the man of the Clique!" ' "The idea is ingenious, but I fear it would hardly work. Dreepdally is well known to be the head quarters of the confederation, and the name of Provost Binkie is inseparably connected with H." " By the way, M'Curkiudale, it struck me that you looked rather sweet upon Miss Biokie last evening." " I did. In fact I popped the question," replied Robert calmly. " Indeed I Were you accepted a" "Conditionally. If we gain the emotion she becomes Mrs. McCorkindale if we lose, I suppose I shall have to return to Glasgow in a state of celibacy." "'''A carious contract, certainly I Wall, Bob, sloes your success is involved in mind, we must fight a desperate battle." " I wish, though, that Mr. Sholto Douglas had -been kind enough to keep out of the way," observed M'Corkiodale. The morning of the day appointed for the nomination dawned upon the people of Dreepdaily with more than usual splendour. For once there was no man upon the surrounding hills, and the sky was clear as sapphire. 1 rose early to study my speech, which had received the finishing touches from M .V'.l?"',e on he states before and I Ostler myself if was as pretty a piece of Whig rhetoric as ever was spooled from a hunting. Toddy Tam, indeed, had objected, upon seeing a draft that there were nee banes until it j" but the political economist was considered by the committee a superior authority on such subjects to Gills. After having carefully conned it over, I went down stairs, where the whole party were already assembled. A large blue and yellow flag with the Inscription «Dwukunner and the Good Cause" was hung out from the window, to the intense delight of ? 'gang of urchins, who testified to the popularity of the candidate by ceaseless vociferation to .. poor only The wall opposite, however, bore some Memoranda of an opposite tendency, for I could see Boats large placards, newly painted upon which His Words, ElECTOrS Of DKiroAtLYl TOD ARC who ST rat Chief warm csaipieaoui II nor. BOBS capitals. I heard, too, something like a ballad , yesteday which my um seemed to be coupled, irreverently, with that of the independent Gills. Provost Risks who, in common with the rest fibs cesspans, were upon big hotels no enormous sea??? was ?0«l»«>. projected by the fair basis Nazis danghlsr- isjatsd is with great cordiality. 1 ..1%«°' observe that the Provost had been kept of. effort, as possible in the dark regarding the actual results of the canvass. He was to propose toe, and it was thought that his nerves would be more steady it became forward under the positive conviction of success. " This is a great day, Mr. Dunsbunner-a grand day for Dreepdally," he said "Aday, if I may see speak, of' triumph and rejoicing ! The news of this will run free one end of the land to the latter for the ears o'V Scotland Is fixed on Dreepdally, and the French auld Whig principles is sure to prevail, even like a mighty river that runs down in pale to the seal" I justly concluded that this figure of speech formed part of the address to the electors which for the two last days had been simmering in the brain of the worthy magistrate, along with the fumes of the points he had imbibed, us incentives to the extraordinary effort. Of course I took care to appear to participate in his enthusiasm. My mind, however, was very far from being thoroughly at ease. As twelve o'clock, which was the hour of nomination, drew near, there was a great muster at my committee-room. The band of the Independent Teetotallers, who to a man were in my interest, was in attendance. They had been well primed with ginger cordial, and were obstreperous to a gratifying degree. Toddy Tam came up to me with a face of the colour of carnation. "I think it right to tell ye, Mr. Dunsbunner, that there will be a bit o' a breeze over yonder at the hustings. The Kitileweem folk have come through in squads, and Lord Harlside'a tenantry have marched in a body, wi' Sholto Douglas's colours flying." " And the Drouthlelaw fellows-what has become of there ?" " Od, they're na wires either they're just savage at the Clique I Gudesake, Mr. Dunsbunner, Ink tent, and dinna say a word about but. I intend myself to denounce the body, and maybe that will do us guile." I highly approved of Mr. Gill's determination, and as the time had now come, we formed in column, and marched towards the hustings with the teetotal band in front, playing a very lugubrious imitation of " Glorious Apollo." The other candidates had already taken their places. The moment I was visible to the audience, I was assailed by a volley of yells, among which cries of "Down with Clique!"-" Wha bought them?"-" Nae nominee I"-" We've bad stretch of' the Wings?" etcetera, were distinctly audible. This was not at all the kind of reception I had bargained for however, there was nothing for it but to put on a smiling face, and I reciprocated courtesies as well as I could with both of my honourable opponents. During the reading of the writ and the Bribery Act, There was a deal of joking, which I presume was intended to be good-humoured. At the same time there could be no doubt that it was distinctly personal. I heard my name associated with epithets of anything but an endearing description, and, to say the truth, if choice had been granted, I would far rather have been an Jericho than in front of the hustings at Dreepdally. A man must be, indeed, intrepid, and conscious of a good cause, who can oppose himself without branching to the obligation of an excited mob. The Honourable Paul Poszlelb waite, on account of his having been the earliest candidate in the field, was first proposed by a town councillor of Drouthieluw. This part of the ceremony appeared to excite but little interest, the hooting and cheering being pretty equally distributed. I It was now our turn, "Gang Forward, Provost, and be sure >e speak out I" said Toddy Tam and Mr. Biukie advanced accordingly, Thereupon such a row commenced as I never had witnessed before. Yelling is a faint word to express the sounds of that storm of extraordinary wrath which descended upon the head of the devoted Provost. "Clique! Clique I" resounded on every side, and myriads of eyes, ferocious as those of the wild-cat, were bent scowlingly on my worthy pro- poser. In rain did be gesticulate in vain implore. The voice of Demustheues-nay, the deep bass of Stentor himself could not have been heard amidst that infernal uproar; so that, after working his arms for a time like the limbs of a telegraph, and exerting himself until he became absolutely swarm in the face, Binkie was fain to give it up, and retired amidst a whirlwind of abuse, May the dell fly, away' with hail pack of' them 1" said he, almost blubbering with excitement and indignation. .' Wha was ever had much to have seen the like of this I and but:, too, that gives them the Reform Bill I Try your hand at them, Tam, for my heart's mast broken !" The bluff independent character of Mr. Gills, and his reputed purity from all taint of the Clique, operated considerably in his favour. He advanced amidst general cheering, and cries of " Noo for Todd, Tarni" Let's hear Mr. Gilles!" and the like and as be tossed his hat aside and clenched his brawny fist, he really looked the Information of a sturdy and independent elector. His style, too, was decidedly popular " Listen to me I" he said, " and let time brawling', bragge', blithering' idiots free Drouthieluw band their long clavering tongues, and no keep row tin' like a herd of' senseless nowie) (Great cheering from Dreepdally and Kiltleweem-considerable disapprobation from Drouthieluw), I ken them week, the auld bayers! (Cheers). But you, my friends, That I have dwelt so' for twenty years, is it possible that ye can believe for one moment that I wad submit to be dictated to by a Clique? (Cries of "no no" "It's no you, Tam!" and confusion) to me if I diana thank you for that I Will any man dear to say to my face that I ever col leagued with' a pack what was buy and sell the bulk of us as readily as we can deal wi sheep's heads in the public market? (Laughter). Div ye I think that it Mr. Dunsbunner was any way mixed up wi' that gang, I wad be here this day The second him? Div ye think-" Here Mr. Giles met with a singular interruption. A remarkable figure attired in a red coat and cocked hat, at one time probably the property of a civic officer, and who had been observed for some time bobbing about in front of the hustings, was now elevated upon the shoulders of H >eoman, and tim played to the delighted spectators the features of Geordie Dowie. I " Ay, Tuddy Tam, are ye there, man ?" cried Georgie with a malignant grin. " What was you and the Clique dole' at Nause Finlayson's on Friday night ?" "What was if, Geordie? What was in?" cried a hundred voices. "Am I to be interrupted by a natural?" cried Girls, looking, however, considerably flushed in the face. " What have we done so' the notes, Tam, that the lang chield up by there gied ye? And what's your friends, Shanks and M'Auslan ? See that ye leek to the window first time, ma man I" cried Geordie willi demoniac ferocity. This was quite enough for the mob, who seldom require any excuse for a display of their hereditary privileges. A perfect hurricane or hissing and of yelling arose, and Gills, though he fought like a hero, was at last forced to retire from the contest. Had Geordie Dowie's windpipe been within his grasp at that moment, I would not have insured for any amount the life of the perfidious spy. Sholto Douglas was proposed and seconded amidst great cheering, and then Poszletbwaiie rose to speak, I do not very well recollect what be said, for I had quite enough to do in thinking about myself, and the Honourable Paul would have conferred a material obligation upon me, if he had talked for an hour longer. At length my turn came. Electors of Dreepdally I-" That was the whole of my speech, at least the whole of it that was audible to any one human being. Humboldt, if I recollect right, talks in one of his travels of having somewhere encountered a mountain composed of millions of entangled snakes, whose hissing might have equalled that of the transformed legions of Pandemonium. I wish Humbuldl, for the sake of scientific comparison, could have been upon the hustings that day I Certain I am that the situation did not leave my ears for a fortnight afterwards; and even now, in my slumbers, I am haunted by wilderness of asps ! However, at the urgent entreaty of M'Corklndale, I went OR for about ten minutes, though I was quivering in every limb. and at pales a ghost ; and in order that the public might not lose the benefit of my son li meale, I concluded by handing a copy of my speech, interlarded with fictitious cheers, To the reporter for the Dreepdally Patriot. That document may still be MM by the curious in its class of that impartial aetJipaper. I will state that for Sholto Douglas, that he behaved like a perfect gentleman. There was no his speech BO triumph over the discomfiture which the other candidates had received-on the contrary, he rather rebuked the audience for not having listened to us with greater patience. He then went on with his oration. I need hardly say it was a national one; and a woman enthusiastically cheered. All that I need mention about the show of bands is, that it was not by any means hollow in my favour. That afternoon we were not quite so lively in the Committee-room as usual. The serenity of Messrs. GUIs, M«AuHlaii,aml Shanks-and, perhaps, I may add, of myself was a good deal shaken by the intelligence that a broadside with the tempting title of-" Full and Particular Account of an interview between (At Clique and Mr- Ounshunner. held at Nance Finlayson's Tavern, on Friday hit, and how they came to terms. By an Eye witness, vue inculcating like wildfire through the streets. To have been beaten by a Douglas was nothing, but to have been so artfully entrapped by a burn I try ! Provost Bashir, too, was dull and dissatisfied. The reception he had met with in his native town was no doubt a severe mortification ; but the feeling that he had been used as a catspaw and implement of the Clique was?, I suspected, uppermost in his mind. Poor man 1 we had great difficulty that evening in bringing him to his sixth tumbler. Even M'Coi Cunial was shipped I own I was surprised at this, for I knew of old the indefatigable spirit and keen energy of my friend, and I thought that with such a stake as he had in the contest, he would even have redoubled his exertions. Such, however, was not the case. I pass over the proceedings of the poll. From a very early hour it became perfectly et dear that my chance was utterly gone and indeed, had it been possible, I should have left Dreepduily before the close. At four o'clock the numbers stood thus : Dreepdally. Drouihielaw. Kittlewetm. DOUGLAS.... 94 98 192 Pozzhv A waiter] " 59 73 in Dunshunner 72 19 7 . Majority for Douglas, 190. We had an awful scene in the Committee-room. Girls, who had been drinking all tiny, shed copious floods of tears Shanks was disconsolate und M'Auslun refused to be comforted. Of course I gave the usual pledge, that on the very first opportunity I should come forward again to assert the independence of the burgh, now infamously sacrificed to a Conservative ; but the cheering at this announcement was of the very faintest description, and I doubt whether any one believed me. Two hours afterwards I was miles away in our Dreeptlaily. I have since had letters from that place which inform me that the Clique is utterly discomfited that for some days the component members of it might be been wandering through the streets, and pouring their husky sorrows into the ears of every stray listener whom they could find, until they became a positive nuisance. My best champion, however, was the Editor of the Patriot That noble and dauntless individual continued for weeks afterwards to pour forth Jeremiads upon my defeat, and BtigmutUed my opponents and their supporters as knaves, uiUcieHiilx, and nincompoops. I was, he maintained, the victim of a base conspiracy and the degraded town of Dreepdally Would never be able hereafter to rear its polluted head in the Royal Convention of Burghs. Whilst these things were going on in Dreeptlaily, 1 was closeted with M'Corkiudale in Glasgow. "So, then, you have lost your election," said he. "And you have lost your wife." " Neither of the two accidents appear to me to be irreparable," replied Robert. " How so-do you still think of Miss Hinkler "By no means I made some little inquiry the day before yesterday, and discovered that a certain nest-egg was enormously exaggerated, if relations- they fictitious." " Well, Bob, there is certainly nobody like yourself for getting information." " I do my best. May I inquire into the nature of your future movements ?" _ '' I have not yet made up my mind. These election matters put every thing else out of one's head. Let me see Argent is approaching, and I had promised the Captain of M Alcohol to spend a few weeks with him at his shooting quarters." "Are you aware, Dunshuuiier, that one of your bills falls due at the Gorbals Bank upon Tuesday next?" Mercy upon me, Bob I I had forgotten all about it." I did not go to the Highlands after all. The fatigue and exertion we had undergone rendered it quite indispensable that my friend Robert und I should relax a little. Accordingly we have built embarked for a short run up the Continent. Boulogne-sur-Mer lam August, 1847. 