EXTERNAL AIDS TO DEVOTION'. (From ' Four years experience of the Catholic Ile^ Hgion,' by a late member of the University of Oxford.; . . ' We maintain that Christianity leads man to offer the best of what he possesses to the visible service and honour of his God and Saviour; that as by nature we offer gifts to those we love on earth, not so much for their personal advantage, as for a token and affec-. tion for them, so, by grace, man, redeemed and regenerated, conseciates to the Almighty offerings . of all that he himself holds most choice and beautiful, of all that costs him most labour and thought, of all that the loftiest genius can devise most perfect and most lovely. Thus, we say that a gorgeous public function, in which every art and science unite to complete a magnificence such as will captivate the most cold and satisfy the most severe, is but the natural expression of the love of the Christian's heart towards Him who gave him all that he enjoys. Again, it is a Catholic maxim, that out ward circumstances, whether ceremonies, music, forms of prayer, or postures of the body of the worshipper himself, act upon the mind within, assist in its endeavours to rea lise the truths of religion, and form, in a subordinate sense, channels by which the Spirit of (rod excites, controls, and strengthens our purely spiritual devotions, All these principles I have found to be re cognised by Catholics of every class, as eie mentary facts in human nature, and not t;- be rejected without a violation of the laws of comn on sense and philosophy, as well as of those of ecclesiastical regu ation and devout feeling. f*'o far, therefore, it is eminently , true that. Catholics think more of the ex ternals of religion than most Protestant?. But at the same time, judging both from myselfand from what I see in other Catholics cf every class, I perceive that Catholic devo tion stands far less in need of these aids than does Protestant devotion;' and that when circumstances compel' us, we can dispose with everything that is outward and visible in our worship of God, with a facility ar.d enen a joy, which, to those vvho know as not, will appear incredible. And not only so ; but even when we are in possession of every delightful and appropriate accessory to our devotions, we at all times think of them and rest upon them, and put ourselves out of the way in order to enjoy them, so mar vellously little, that at times the Catholic almost seems utterly regardless of the corn-' mon propriety of outward appearances. As far as my experience teaches, persons vv.io have been brought up Catholics can hardly understand the importance which some 1 to- testaats attach to the outward forms of de votion ; they as naturally dispense with them, when called to so, as they employ them when occasion offers. They do not refute tue , common charge of formalism which Fro testants bring against them, for the h-isi v all reasons, that they are hardly codscious that it is brought. That religion should con sist in, outward forms, in words, in posture, in rubrics, in ceremonies, or even in wsnuj, and bodily mortification, seems to the Utno lic such a palpable absurdity, that he carnio. conceive how deeply the Protestant world i. convinced that Catholicism is a relJgon ceremonies and external acts. I Let the question be put to any avera* | Catholic ; let him be asked whether he ^- i not pray without an image or picture e - ? ^him, without cross'ng himself or wucw'* 1 holy water, without being in a pww ^ i posture, without being in one p*» ? , I place; let him be asked whether he ^ 1 praver consists in saying worda, an i ^ I ?the'direction of the thoughts and nea j G6d; and be will laugh at the pciw» «.' | supposes him capable of such childish and aiiu-ChristiaT) folly, and hardly believe that any man who has the slightest idea of what religion 'is, should suppose him guilty of such a peryerson of Jhe first elements of Chris1 ianity. I ea,n most conscientiously declare, for my own part, that I have found the influence of the Catholic system to be ' such, that while it enables me to spiritualise, so to say, every outward religious form, arid to infusea living meaning alike into the most / simple snd the most elaborate ceremony ; at the same time it has conferred .on me. a practical power of being independent of ali external aids to devotion, when circumstances make1 them virtually impossible. So far from finding splendour, good taste, refinement, firchitecture, painting, music, more' neces sury than before to keep alive 'the spirit oi devotion, and to act as wings upon which the soul may mount up from earth to heaven, I have found them far less necessary, or rather, in honest truth, not necessarydn the slightest degree. . , And whaLl personally experience, that J see in every oue else around me. I see persons, who, while they were members of the Anglican communion, were the loudest in/insisting upon the immense impr-riance ol splendour and ceremonial in the public wor ship of God, and who were distracted and tor , . mented in their prayers by every casual vio , lation of strict propriety, rapidly passing i'rom this slavish condition to a spiritual power and freedom of soul, and enabled to rule instead of being in. bondage to outward \- circumstances. Observers, who are strange to the inward life of Catholic devotion, vvould be amazed at the extraordinary facility which €atholics possess in praying at all times and in all places, in the midst of noise and bustle, and n ovement, which would be utterly fatal to all collected thought in themselves. 1 would that they who think we are formalists, and abject devotees to that splendour with ;\vhich we delight to surround our great re-. . li'^ious celebrations, wouid accustom them selves to visit Catboiic churches and chapels ?at various hours in the day, or to associate with Catholics in familiar domestic )ife. I can assure them, that they would perceive that the soul of the devout Catholic re peatedly communes with her Lor,d in heaven, with a directness, an energy, and a waemtu .of feeling, which makes her inde pendent of everything visible and audible around of - her, and enables her to pray amid scenes where the best' Pro testa.nts would find grayer a simple impossi bility. ' In no one thing is the contrast be tween a Citholic and a Protestant church more striking than in this, tint the former is a ?place in which persons are seen to pray na turally, at all hours and in all circumstances; during the. regular public service, before it begins, jifter it is over, in union with the officiating priesf, or independently of him, in a crowd, in solitude, while the tunnoilof workmen fills the air, whiie a choir or an organist are practising music, while Catholic ?strangers are reverently walking about, while Protestant strangers' are staring and loung ing, on a Sunday ? or a week day, for ten minutes' in the midst of a walk, at a few hurried intervals while the necessi'ies of business cause inccissant interruptions, with a book or without a book, standing, sitting, or kneeling, as bodily strength or accomoda tion may permit ; — in every possible circum stance, and under every conceivable disad vantage, a Catholic church displays' men, women, and chileren at prayer, absorbed in their own thoughts, insenuible of all that passes around them, aud fiiled with the con sciousiitss that they are in the presence of ibt-ir GoJ. ' - Especially is this power of approaching Almighty God at all times in heartfelt ' prayer to be noticed in churches where the Blessed Sacrament is reserved in the taber nacle upon the. altar, J he inslantanteous and spontaneous hom'age which tiie soul of every Catholic pays to the Presence of his Lord in ihe consecrated species, must indeed be personalsy experienced in order to be adequately comprehended. It is a thing which ca'unot be explained in words. How Jt unites awe with love-, fear With tenderness, r-verence with joy, and obedience with childlike freedom ; how it naturally silences 'i.e voice to a whisper, bids the foot tread . gently on the floor, bends the knee in adora :'«f-n, and fiiis the whole soul with a sense of *»?* greatness of God, the bleeasdness of re demption, and the hatefulness of sin ; — all this must be felt to be understood. No tongue can describe it, as nothing but the in dwelling grace of the Holy Ghost can confer it. All' that can be done is to remind the non- Catholic inquirer that we have a doc trine which teaches us, that Jesus Christ, the incarnate Son of God, resides day and night upon our altars, imprisoned, as it ,were, through the excess of His love, and waiting every moment that passes to shed His bound less blessings upon every heart that comes to visit Him in penitence and affliction; and to assure him that this is no empty, unpractical dogma, but a belief which is beyond expres sion dear to our souls, and which exerts an incessant practical influence in those places where he thus resides, to which every sincere Catholic mind delights thus to yield. / 