THE MILL OF ATHOLL'S GLIEN. . (After Ossian, by Punch.) The Duke of Atholl has, for several years, rendered himself notorious for obstructing the iassago of tourists through the picturesque: valley of Glen Tilt. Last autumn, be attempted to turn back some Cambridge students, but one of them turned on the Duke, in a regular pugi listic encounter, when his grace was severely punished. Punch thus laments over the bruised Duke : Why is the peeper of Atholl closed ? Where fore.is the eye of Strange surrounded with a ring of purple It is the print of the Southron knuckle-the istmark of the Cambridge Undergraduate, heavy-handed bruiser. Cambridge Undergraduate,bruiserof theheavy hand, wherefore didst thou darken the eye of Strange? Why bungedst thou up the peeper of Atholl? The autumn winds were singing the coronach of the summer in Glen Tilt. A moaning, as of no end of ghosts, swept through the hollow glen. There, with the red and brown leaves falling around him, stood the chief of Clan Atholl, with a patty of ladies and gentle men. Shrowded in the mist of the-distance cometh Sandy Maclaran. With him behold two stranger forms approaching. Onward they come, with the sturdy tramp of youth; stout are the cudgels which they grasp in their nervous Lsts. Ho, there, ye that range unbidden, the Glen of Tilt ! Halt, ye wanderers from. the land of cockney ? Stand, ye jumpers of the counter! We are no jumpers of' the counter; no wasnderers are we from the land of Cockney. We come from the meadows that are watered by the Cam -from the abodes were learning. deelleth in her colleges andl halls. Thither ourmev we on this beaten track. And who the deunce art thou that hinderest us? I Ken ye not the Chief of Clan Atholl - he tourist baffling Duke of the impassable glen? For the Chief of Atholl's Clan we care not a dump; the duke of the impassable glen we slue not a farthing. H e nave passed the Asse.-brideo, wherefore should we not cross thy glen? Chief of Clan Athol get out of the way ! Duae of the impassable glen, stand out of the sunshine! lFire flashed from the eye of Atholl ; wrath msred from the countenance of Strange. By the collar he seized the foremost youth. ack? Re turn by the way thou camest. Back ! orby the beards of my ten thousand ancestors, ye shall rue th day! Back, I say, on your lives, ye sons of Unhand me Chief of Clan Atholl, or whoever thonart! Unhand me, I say, or I will punch thine head. Thou wilt not? No? here goeth then ; take that for thyself. Together they rushed, the son of Granta and Cbiefof Clan Atholl. Furious was the chief, and wild and aroused was the Undergraduate's monkey. Blow was exchanged for blow, lunge forlunge, slash for slash ; heavy was the counter ing, and the knocks resounded. Loud shouted ttegentlemen, shrill were the screams of the hadies. The chief was overcome with fury, and hit all atroad. Wary was the Cantabriinan youth, eell-trained on the pleasant banks of the Cam to ncounter in stand-up mill the brawny bargee. Sharp fell the stinger on the proboscis of Strange fat flowed the claret from the conk of Atholl. \- ne, two, were planted on the optics of the chief "drkness swam before him ; then fell a stunner -n his ducal frontispiece, and he doubled up t-!e finisher in the breadbasket. He stagh 5ol-h fell into the arms of his fait. llhenchman-- even the arms of Sandy Mac To the rescue, Donald of the tufted chin! oerk of the red moustachios, to the help ur chief! Hamish of the pipes-Dougal thebreeless--claymore for Clan Atholl! The eight hands of the four bold groos are t onceon the collar of the Sassenach. As many oegr.asped the coat tails of his companion= he lelandmen were braw. From before the ' e otheir chieftain they drag away the or ecehymosis encircles the ogle of meat : for the visual organ of Xtholl Raise the sound of wail upon a gpipos ! Closed is the eye of him lose Glen Tilt to the traveller. Con. In the brows of the chieftain ; the s of the Duke bearoth marks of pun 