C H U R C H OF E N G L A N D SOCIETY. A general meeting of the members of the Church of England Society, spec allv summoned, was heid 011 Tuesday afternosn, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide in the chair. The following clergymen and gentlemen were present:—The very reverend the Dean of Adelaide, the Rev. Messrs Watson, Wood, b'u'.ford, Woodcock and Schoaies; .Messrs It. Stuckey, T. Gilbert, Singieton, acderniott, Lucas, Wicksteed, Cawthorne, Ro*s, Andrew*, Duncan, Branthwaite, Murray, Hawkes and Na>h. The Lord Bishop having opened the proceedings by prayer, called upon Mr Thomas Gilbert, .-.P., who moved the first resolution. (See Advertisement. Sir Singleton seconded the motion, which he thought must embody the feeling of every ciergyman in the province, whether belonging to their own or any other Christian commuHion. On that point nothing could be more conclusive than the returns iateiv laid on the Council table, and the letters by which they were accomp inied. The clergy were unanimous in calling 011 a Christian Government to aid them in their efforts to diffuse the truth, and he must say it was a inost fortunate circumstance that such a nsanifc&tation; should have been made at th;tt particular time. The opposition which had arisen on the subject could be traced only to strong party feeling—and such feeiing a? they well knew was not at all times perfectly sincere. He repeatrd it the desire to deprive the country districts o( their ministers could spring from no other than a parly feeling. During- a period of nearly e ght years, when he resided in a neighbouring colony, he was as he mi^lit say the officiating priest lor a considerable district—a district which was visited only once a montLon a week day by a clergyman residing at a place fifty IHRS off". It was nominally visited once a month, but as the clergyman had two rivers to cross a d a very rough country to travel over, it often, happened tbat he was prevented coining by bad weather, and on some occasions six months had elapsed without his .paying them a visit; but to show the eagerness with which bis ministrations were sought, he might mention that his arrival at his i Mr Singleton s bouse, was always,made known from one to another through the entire district, and the next day was kept as a day of rest, all farming pursuits being abandoned, and the church filled with an attentive congregation. On such occasions not more than one or two farmers were absent. The church even thus irregularly supplied was of the utmost service to the neighbourhood ; still whatever he might have doue with such occasional assistance, it fell very far short of what couid have been effected by a clergyman stationed there, and in that remote district he had determined, if ever he should be transplanted to any other part of Australia, to use every effort in his power to have a minister settled in each occupied locality. As his Lordship was about to put the resolution to the meeting, The Dean of Adelaide rose, and, referring apparently to the introductory remarks of tbe last speaker, said he should not like any gentleman to vote upon the question without fully considering the effect of the resolution. It must be un. derstood as affirming the principle of State support to Religion. He mentioned this to preclude tbe possibility of mis. take, or of any gentleman's feeiing afterwards that he had been taken by surprise. JVtr Singieton—The resolution expresses approval of State aid to Religion, but not of a State religion. The Dean assented. The motiou was then put and carried unanimously. Mr Macdermott, J.P., moved the second resolution. (See Advertisement ! It was ei'tar tuat a tln"ni> scattered population couid not support a minister, and equai.yMI that tiu residence of a minister in each district li t.] an effect fcvuiti able to morality. This couid not be achieved without extra ueous aid, as the circumstances of emigrant^ were not gencra ! iv such as to admit of 1 heir meeting the ntet-ssary charges, and it therefore became thu duty of tin- State to assist them, in town tin 4 case might be different, and therefore the pre-- sent system might be modified, but the principle of State support was necessary. He, like his friend Air S ngleton, had officiated as chaplain to a district which was without a regular minister, and by such fteb.'e aid the Church haJ been kept together for some years. But he could bear testimony to the a 5>ood effect produced by the settlement of a cleigymanin that piuce. - It acted as a restraint on the more lawless, and even the outward appearance of things was changed. The b'ahbath, which befure bad been made too much a day of mere a amusement, and passed in shooting or other spoils, was ir.ore regu ariy observed, and a better tone was given to society generally. Mr Braiithwaite seconded the motion. They must all agiee that the seitiing of a minister of any denomination in a •Jistrict was a great and efficient aid to public morals. In some of the suburban villages people might be seen at their work on the Sabbath-day, lutwven which and the week days th' y made iittle or no distinction, wliiie others were sitting about doing nothing. The population of the suburbs was increasing very rapidiy, and the parochial attendance was quit.' insufficient Tiue it might be that much had been done, but it was equally true that more remained to do. The resolution was unanimously ac/opfed. Dr Duncan, J.P. moved the thud resolution. (See Advertisement. j He could speak to its t:nth from experience, for he had resided at P"it Adelaide for six years, during atjout four of which they had a lesident clergyman. In the first instance an attempt had been made to raise the means for his support, not by the letting of seats, but by gathering subscriptions and tiie most they were able to coiiect was bet we ;n £60 and £65. That was all they had paid Mr Newenham, and it was not nearly sufficient for his maintenance, paying, as he had to do, from £25 to £30 a-year for his house. But that Society had voted a further sum of £65 from the money placed at its disposal by Government Sir Woodcock—Not this Society. A board was specially appointed to distribute the amount voted by Council to the Church of Kngk.nd in 1846. Dr Duncan—Well; the boarJ then gave a further sum of £65, and thus the clergyman was supported. Since the passing of the present Act the suiu contributed by the congregation was 111 the form of seat ivnts, and they had experienced how that plan worked. The district was thickly peopled, and the inhabitant* were very far from beinj* poor ; —scarcely one of them occupied a house for which he paid less than 8s a-week; but ail they had obtained was under £70 per anuum; it varied between £60 and £70, aud had it not been for the aid of Government, they could not iiave retained a clergyman among them. Either the people could not, or they would not, contribute sufficient for the purpose. The motion was seconded by Air R. Stuckey, and carried unanimously. Mr Nash, .I.P., moved the fourth icsobtion. (See Adveiti- ement i He found that in the Old Testament tht; principle of State aid to religion was supported both by precept aud example ; and he had never found anything in the New Testament to condemn the system. The diffusion of the Gospel must be carried on either by miracles or means; age of ini'iacies had ceased, and, if they sent cleigyaien into the bush, means must be provided foi their maintenance. Mr Lucas seconded the motion, aud urged the necessity of seconding it by something more than mere words. Some means should be adopted to strengthen the hands of such candidates as were favourable to a continuance of the grant j that wouid be seconding it effectually. His Lordship said it had come to his knowledge that many persons who were Ikvourable to the abstract principle of the Grant, aud who agreed that it was right it should be continued till the New Council could legislate upon the subject; yet objected to the mode in which the present Legislative Council had carried its final vote into efiVct They thought it unseemly that such a vote should have been passed at the time it w is—"at the very hist moment, and just before the dissolution of the Assembly. Mr Wicksteed considered the members could not have done otherwise than as they did. It was their strict duty to continue the Grant until the subject couid be dealt with by an assembly more popularly formed. So far from blaming them for what "they had done, he gave them every praise; and he was pretty sure that the very persons who now found fault with thetu, wouid have been still louder in their censures had they suffered the Grant to fail for the inremjediate period. They wouid have charged them then with cowardice, and said they wished to curry favour with the people at the last moment. Tbe Dean of Adelaide trusted, as the question had been mooted, that others would express their opinions. He was for than ing the members, as i e believed they had acted with a. good motive ; but he must admit that he very much doubted if the mode they adopted were the best Some said (not perhaps nsing the very words, that it was a take in— that there was no notice given, nor even the opportunity of discussion by an adjournment He must say, that in his opinion, there was something very much like a surprise in it; and they must be careful how far they put forth their opinion as to tbe manner in which the vote was passed. Mr Macdermott thought the Council wouid have been open to b/ame if they had suffeied that, or any other Act, to expire between the time of tluir own dissolution and the meeting of tht New Assembly. They were making no new law, but simply providing for the c!d one continuing in force till repealed by a competent authority, and the same course was always pursued by the English Parliament The Dean—Without any notice being given ? Mr Macdermott—1 do not say so. lih Lordship—Had only wished to avoid a hasly sanction being given to a proceeding which had been much questioned. In having called attention to it, he had sufficiently gained his object The Rev. Mr Watson said tliat the question had better be decided one way or the other. If the Members of Council had done right, they deserved their thanks ; but if not, the motion had better be passed by. One thing he must observe, i that a colonial Counci. must not be strictly judged by Engl lish rules, for its usages differed \cry much from those of the | Imperial Parliament If he was not mistaken, he had heard i of a most important Act being brought in, read a first, j second, and third time, in a single day—a thing which certainly was never doue at home ; and yet he was not aware | that the proceedings had been censured. As to the vote, it was not very important to the treasury, however much it might have been to a few ministers. Tbe Rev. Mr Woodcock concurred in the resolution as it stood. It was weil known to the members that Major O'Halloran had called for the returns, and tbat the meeting in question was to be their last; they must, therefore have been perfectly aware that the question would be brought forward. However, he did not see that the vote of thanks in any way affirmed the mode in which the Grant was continued in operation. Mr Nash greed with the last speaker. Had there been another day of Meeting, and had advantage been taken of a scanty attendance, the members might have been open to censure; but, as it was, the vote was pasted on the last day, and at that very moment when, had it not been passed, it must have fallen to the grouud altogether. Mr Singleton reminded the meeting, that before that day the returns were not upon the table, so that till then the Council had not any data to go upon. The time when tbe vote was passed was not only the last, but the first opportu* nity open to them. Mr Gilbert thought, that had the Council suffered the Grant to cease, they would have done an act of great injustice to its supporters. The motion was then put, and carried unanimously. The Dean of Adelaide said he had a resolution to propose, which, unlike the others, had not been submitted to the subcommittee. He was not prepared to say very much upon it, but he wished it mooted, even if it were not carried. There were some persons, even in the Church of England, who were opposed to State Aid !o Religion. The arguments of those to whom he referred were not drawn from Scripture, for if the Grant couid be proved unsc>iptural, of course there was an end to it; but many good men objected to the Grant upon a different ground —the fear that it might lead to the establishment of a dominant Church—a State Church—with all its adjuncts of tithes, Church-rates, and other abominations, a* they called them—(a laugh ; and for himself he must say that he agreed with them in the use of the term \- A laugh, i He was thoroughly opposed, in this colony, to any State Church or dominant sect; and so, he thought, were most of the f.. embers of the Church ot England. But State Aid, and a State Church, wete two different tilings, aud they were very unfairly represented as having auy connection in ill each other. If he thought that State Aid were the siua . end of the wedge, aud th»t its introduction would it-ad to tfie i->t--ib:isini.eut of a Stale Church, he would him- .-,f op :o* it firaiti:}'. He was awure that his resolution came somewhat, sudden.y upon his Lordship, and he had not a t a r £ the leait desire ^«nf©rce"%is might be that the^Mcnibers ot Mred the establishment'of a Domi^ them say so ; whatever they J He had no such wish. Were tbe State * altogether, he had no fear foi the ChurcKp;! had acquired and maintained' a standing; ^ere^^K respected even by those of other creeds, which was ,iu satisfactory. With a clear stage and no fairour^ ttu& Church of England couid hold its own way. The very Re- , verend Gentlemen concluded by reading his resoluton. t See dvertisement) Hisr Lordship doubted the propriety of applying the term * abominations' to * tithes,' which had received the Diviue sanction. The resolution was seconded by The Rev. Mr Woodcock, who said he had little to add but the expression of his own concurrence to the remark* of the Dean. Apprehensions such as those he haJ alluded to had certainly been introduced : they had formed the main ground of attack 011 the original grant, and were still used by the pub ic press—by a part of it, he should rather say— for lie was happy to see one editor present who had alwajs supported the principle of State aid to religion. It was the main argument used 111 the rural districts, aud especially that for which Major O'Halloran was a candidate. It had given him much pleasure to read a very pointed aud able speech delivered in that district by Mr Hewctt, a person of some influence there. The reVcrcnd gentleman then quoted the words of the resolution, adding, that when' they considered the number of Wesleyans in the colony, of members of the Church of England, and of the Roman Catholics, who were also an increasing body, they must see that no such result as the establishment of any dominant sect couid reasonably be anticipated. The language of the resolution was deprecatory of any such establishment He need Only say that it would be unjust; tbat one reason was worth a thousand. A conversation followed on the wording of the resolution, the object being to avoid passing any censure on the establishment at home, and yet to state distinetiy and unequivocally that, under no imaginable circumstances, could a dominant church be established in the colony. Mr Singieton said that, as a layman, he must give his coi dial support to the resolution, which, though it was left out by the sub-committee, was, in his opinion, the cream of the whole, for on this point, both at the original introduction of the question and at the present time, had the paity opposition been got up. It would show the truth of what had been already explained by one of the editrrs then present, that in South Australia there was no state State Church. It was die opponents of the Grant who had put forth the mis-statement that a dominant church was desired. Let it go forth, then, in the most authenticated form possible, that the members of the Church of England did not want one—that they repudiated such a system—that they considered it impolitic and unjust. Dr Duncan said the most plausible argument of the op. poncnts of the Grant was, that it supported error as well as truth. Were they to deteimine wholly to avoid this, there was no other way of doing so than by th 3 establishment of a national Church, and then it would be necessary for the State to decide what was truth and what was error. The principle at present carried out was, that all sects might be supported which took the Bible as their staudard, and acknowledged it as the Word of God; and under this system it might be trusted that the truth would eventually prevail. The Rev. Mr Woodcock observed that the strongest argument was grounded on the support given at present to the Roman Catholic Faith. But it must be remembered that, although Catholics mixed up much error with the truth, they held all the essential doctrines of Christianity. Divided, as the Church unfortunately was at present, he did not Fee how the State could go further than the acceptance of and belief in the Bible, though he confessed he should be glad if some definition of the word ( Christian 1 could be adopted, so ss to restrict tbe aid to the believeis in the Deity of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the divinity and personality of the Holy Ghost The Rev. Mr Watson said, to affirm that under no circumstances would a national church be justifiable, would be tantamount to a declaration that Almighty God made a mistake in instituting a national church among the Israelites. He did not think any sane individual could indulge the idea of a dominant sect prevailing in South Australia. The idea was absurd, impracticable, impossible. He did not believe it would be for the benefit of the Chureh of England to be made a State Chureh in the colony, and he had not the least wish that it should be so. The attempt to make it a dominant church would raise a spirit of enmity and opposition which would do it far more mischief than any State aid could counterbalance. A Government had scarcely ever established a church without crippling its energies, interfering with its discipline, and sacrificing its spiritual objects for po-- litical purposes. In his opinion one of the greatest eviis which could happen to the communion in the colony would be the turning of it into a State church. Dr Duncan, with reference to Mr Woodcock's remark*, observed that if the test he recommended were adopted, the principle of taking no other test than the Bible would be broken down. If they made one reservation, they might make half a dozen. The next might be to require the Bible taken as the sole guide of faith, without reference to any inspired writings, by which the Roman Catholics would be excluded. The Rev. Mr Woodcock—The Unitarians do not believe the whole Bible. They reject the first three chapters of Genesis, and the first two cBapters of Matthew. If they admitted them, 1 would defy I hem to deny the fall of man and the atonement. The Dean of Adelaide agreed with Dr Duncan, and r turning to Mr Woodcock, said-We must not run into a polemical discussion.^ The resolution wa^ then put and carried unanimously. Mr Murray hoped he wouid be excused for taking the liberty of asking his Lordship to &tate; whether he agreed with the resolutions tbat had been pawed. He himself believed his Lordship agreed with them, but it was important that it should be known that he did so, as divers opiuions as to his Lordship's sentiments had been circulated. His Lordship said he did, decidedly. He agreed with the first—he agreed with the second—he agreed with the third —he agreed with the fourth—and he agreed with the fith. The Dean of Adelaide thought it was most desirable for all to speak their views plainly. Mr Murray, a short time before, had charged some of,their body with inconsistency, and he knew that strange notions had gone abroad as to their opinions. He had heard it sail* that his Lordship was of the same opinion as Mr Bentham Neales and Mr Prescott His Lordship remembered Mr Bentham Neales telling him he had been asked to hedge, and saying that he should have no objections to loans from the Treasury for ecclesiastical purposes; and he—the Bishop—had replied that it would come much to the same thing. He remembered nothing of Mr Prescott, more than that he onee called on him and stated his views. The Dean of Adelaide had heard all sorts of reports as to the opinions of different men. He heard it said that Mr Giles was willing to take Government aid for buildings, though not foi stipends. He was very anxious that tbe opinion of the Church Society should be distinctly stated. Some conversation followed as to the means of giving circulation to the resolutions, and thanks having been voted to his Lordship for his conduct in the chair, the meeting separated. 