POETRY FOR THE PEOPLE. KING CANUTE. King Canute was weary-hearted ; he had reigned for years a score ; Battling, struggling, pushing, fighting, killing much and robbing more, And he thought upon his actions, walking by the wild sea shore. 'Twixt the Chancellor and bishop walked the king with steps sedate, Chambarlains and grooms came after, silver sticks and gold sticks great, Chaplains, aides-de-camp, and pages—all the officers of state. Sliding after like his shadow, pausing when he chose to pause ; If a frown his face contracted, straight the cour- tiers dropped their jaws ; If to laugh the king was minded, out they burst in loud hee-haws. But that day a something vexed him, that was clear to old and young ; Thrice his grace had yawned at table, when his favourite glee-man sung ; Once the Queen would have consoled him, but he bade her hold her tongue. " Something ails my gracious master," cried the Keeper of the Seal, . " Sure, my lord, it is the lampreys, served at dinner, or the veal !" " Psha !" exclaimed the angry monarch, " Keeper, 'tis not that I feel. " 'Tis the heart and not the dinner, fool, that doth my rest impair : Can a king be great as I am, prithee, and yet know no care ? O, I'm sick, and tired, and weary,"—Some one cried " The king's arm-chair !" Then towards the lackeys turning, quick my lord the keeper nodded, Straight the king's great chair was brought him, by two footmen ablo-bodicd, Languidly he sank into it ; it was comfortably wadded. " Leading on my fierce companions," cried he, " over storm and brine, I have fought and I have conquered ! Where was glory like to mine ?" Loudly all the courtiers echoed, "Where is glory like to thine !" ' " What avail me all my kingdoms ? Weary am I now and old ; Those fair sons I have begotten long to see me dead and cold ; Would I were, and quiet buried, underneath the silent mould ; " O, remorse, tho writhing serpent ! at my bosom tears and bites ; Horrid, horrid things I look on, though I put out all the lights ; Ghosts of ghastly recollections troop about my bed of nights. " Cities burning, convents blazing, red with sacrilegious fires, Mothcrs weeping, virgins screaming vainly for their slaughtered sires—" —" Such a tender conscience," cries the bishop, " every one admires. " But for such unpleasant bygones, cease, my gracious lord, to search, They're forgotten and forgiven by our holy Motber Church ; Never, never does she leave her benefactors in the lurch. " Look ! the land is crown'd with ministers, which your grace's bounty raised ; Abbeys filled with holy men, where you and hea- ven are daily praised ; You, my lord, to think of dying ! on my conscience I'm amazed !" "Nay, I feel," replied King Canuto, " that my end is drawing near ;" " Don't say so," exclaimed the courtiers (striving each to squeeze a tear), " Sure your grace is strong and lusty, and may live this fifty year. " Live this fifty years !" the bishop roared, with actions made to suit ; " Are you mad, my good lord keeper, thus to speak of King Canuto ? Men have lived a thousand years, and sure his majesty will do't. " Adam, Enoch, Lamech, Canan, Mahaleel, Me- thusala, Lived nine hundred years apiece, and mayn't the king as well as they ?" " Fervently," exclaimed the keeper, "fervently I trust he may." " He to die !" resumed the bishop. " He a mortal like to us ! Death was not for bim intended, though communis omnibus ; Keeper, you are irreligious, for to talk and cavil thus. " With his wondrous skill in healing ne'er a doctor can compete, Loathsome lepers, if he touch them, startup clean upon their feet ; Surely he could raise the dead up, did his highness think it meet. " Did not once the Jewish captain stay the sun upon the hill, And, the while he slew the focman, bid the silver moon stand still ? So, no doubt, could gracious Canute, if it were his sacred will." "Might I stay the sun above tis, good Sir Bishop ? Canute cried ; " Could I bid the silver moon to pause upon her heavenly ride ! If the moon obeys my orders, sure I can command the tide. " Will the advancing waves obey me, bishop, if I make the sign ?" Said the bishop, bowing lowly, "Land and sea, my lord, are thine." Canute turned towards tho ocean—"Back," ho said, " thou foaming brine ! " From the sacred shore I stand on, I command thee to retreat.; Venture not, thou stormy rebel, to approach thy master's seat—; Ocean, be thou still ! I bid thee come not nearer to my feet !" But the sullen ocean answered with a loudcr, deeper roar, And the rapid waves drow nearer, falling soundly on the shore ; Back the keeper and the bishop, back the king and the courtier bore. And ho sternly bade them never moro to kneel to human clay, But alone to praise and worship That which earth and seas obey, And his golden crown of empire never wore he from that day. King Canute is dead and gone ; parasites exist alway. Rebecca and Rowena. —M. A. TITMARSH. 