MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. RELIGIOUS SHAMS.-Small or great—it is all the same. We will live anyhow rather than by the old-fashioned way of working for our living. The smallest trader would rather run with his money to the Stock Exchange, than pay the wholesale dealer. Rattle the dice-box, double the stakes, gamble, play at railway bag, or share blind-hookey. Nothing more is produced-no new wealth is created —some has been dissipated-one could only get money, therefore, by his neighbour losing —so first come first served and devil take the hindmost.. Why, the South Sea bubble, or the Mississippi scheme was nothing to it. The Dutch Joint Stock Tulip raffle was less disgraceful to the public understanding. What is parsondom about? Where are our moral instructors? Dreaming of dogmas, hammering out Athanasian Creed mysteries, belabouring infidelity, and bull-ragging the devil ; while all this time, the very founda- tions of religion are sapped by the dry-rot of the conscience, and men compound for roguery, by hugging themselves on being orthodox. But we beg pardon of "our venerable Establishment." Better be out of the world than out of the fashion. The Church is in the world— of it the most fashionable of all, because the most worldly —for is it not one of our political institu- tions? Even in the very presence of God it cannot forget that there are fleshly eyes to be filled with" inexplicable dumb shows," and human ears that must be split with such noise as groundlings covet. At exactly half past ten by " Shrewsbury clock," with " shining morning face," the Tractarian priest, to slow music, must move to the desk, and whether the Scripture moveth the dearly beloved brethren or not, the lips must scam- per through the work of orisons to the Deify; now the litany here, then the liturgy there, then the lesson for the day-running up and down the rotatory calabash of stereotyped adora- tion, like mice in the wainscoat. ' Bands and surplice, and face in the East ; here a little read at the desk—there a little given out at the altar-then the soft music again-a retire- ment to the vestry—an unrobing, and a cas- sock re robing,-a getting up to the pulpit, next-with new scenery, machinery, dresses, and decorations, perhaps even lighted candles at the altar-and all this going up, and going down, and backward and forward, and in and out, and costuming and re- costuming, and skipping from prayer number one te creed number twenty, and from canticle A to lesson Z, whether the mind be in the mood, or the spirit be moved in that direction or not, for the service of Him who is worshipped, neither in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem, but in spirit and in truth, and for the simple instruction of the piety of humble heart. See where professional praisers of God march in red coats and cocked hats—behold the shovel hat— mark the silken apron-observe the lawn sleeves and the Oxford cap- the horse-hair wig-the red stripe and the black sash-and the conse- crated ground, and the fees and squabbles about christening, and marrying, and bury ing-and the stout fight for cholera and intramural interments-and the condescend- ing bishop who deigns to' preach-and the dignified archbishop who never says grace under royalty, or to a dinner of a prince at least. Need we stop? Who has not "stopped the nose" at the nolo episcopali—at that grossest of all impositions, the imposition of hands-the Christmas offerings levied by troops of dragoons, and widows' cows sold for first-fruits-at the orthodox advice to trust in God, and keep your powder dry-at the sign of the cross and the bending of knees at names-at godfathers and god» mothers-at fasts in Lent and consubstantia tion? Yes, the true substance of religion is made to move through a misty cloud of sem- blance among us, like everything, else. We have our augurs, who consecrate the colours of marching regiments ia place of opening the Temple of Janus, or, sing "Te Deum " at St. Paul's for the, Waterloo massacre, rather than watch the flight'of birds from the Capitol; after Cunnae or Phillippi. We have got fine names for it all, indeed. We are told how necessary it is to "impress the vulgar"—which, in more honeyed terms, means to materialise religion—not to lead men through the senses to the spirit, but to substitute the senses for the spirit—to frighten mothers into christening fees, by imposing on them the fable, that their in- fants will be damned if they die unbaptized— to bully relatives out of burial- service money, by attaching some mysterious respectability to what is called Christian sepulture—to fleece bridegrooms out of their cash, by raising the suspicion in brides that marriages cannot be lucky made out of church— Tho long-drawn aisle and fretted vault, Where pealing anthems swell the note of praise, address themselves to our artistic faculty, refine our sentiments, and elevate our taste. "Where virtue is these are more virtuous." With great paintings and sublime music, and oriel windows, with their "dim religious light," we should be the last to quarrel, even \- although all this painting, and glazing, and singing, were the work of the" most drunken and dissipated fat-eared glut- tons in the parish. But where all these and other et ceteras are "got up" to ensense and deceive people into feeling religious managerial strategy of devotion, scene shifter mechanism of piety, water-coloured with the specious phrase of "the decencies public worship," they may, indeed, be in chaster taste, or, to use the only cant term that befits them, " in better keeping" than the unkown tongue, or anxious bench, or revival, or camp meeting, or ranter or jumper "doge," but they are all " tar off the same stick," all a substitution of the fancy for the soul, " the form of godliness without the power thereof." 'They are a profounder and more subtle sham—a sham by ourselves upon ourselves-but at bottom, all these exhibitions—these May- meetings field-days of religious dissipation—these "experiences" —these missionary " crack-speakers "— these lay figures of reformed drunkeness, are tainted with the prevailing spirit of sanctify- ing means by ends, and by the sacrifice of simplicity and sincerity to the creation of sensuous etfect. Why cannot philanthropy ' be simple and natural ? Why should truth and virtue be rhetorical ? Why cannot humanity be humane without having its money danced out of its pocket by a charity ball? Is there no way of feeling for the Poles, except in a masquerade-or of sending a bishop to the Cannibal Islands, but through Countesses serving stalls at a fancy fair, where horse- racing noblemen propagate the Gospel by gloves at five guineas a pair, and Duchesses convert the heathen by flirt ing off silk purses to Right Honourable flirtees?—Sidney Smith's "Mother Country." MARRIAGE.-Whether you be a confirmed bachelor, or one merely for a year or two by a concurrence of untoward circumstances, the word of command is-go marry, sir, and know before you die what the words comfort, kindly feeling, and economy'mean. Be sel- fish and recluse no longer, but give your af- fections and a portion of your worldly means to one who will double all your joys and divide all your sorrows. Instead of mis- spending all these on birds, cats, and dogs, great nnd small, black, white, and spotted, select an object more worthy of it than four footed animals and creeping things. Instead of yawning overa book as your dull and daily companions, smile rather on the faces of a blooming and joy our family, as the only way to, make a place of rest and happiness. Furnish your house with easy chairs, solas, and settees-have a vapour, a shower, and i plunge bath, cold, warra, or tepid- have a |"u"Ov «?.».., »"..., ......u, w. »».,-... .... . w - snug porch and green door, with a fan light, and a stove in the lobby, with a flue of heated air in the main staircase to the top-have a roaring fire in the parlour every rooming be- fore breakfast, with all sorts of antique fire- screens, large and little-hare a fiddle, a solitaire, a tobacco pipe, or a set of stocking wires, to vary your occupation, or when you go out for an hour to snuff up the east winds, put on your cork.soles, over-alls, and dread- nought, go to bed at midnight, or lung after it, and rise far on in the afternoon, when the day has been well aired-have all this, and four times more, but still, my good friend, so long as you want th-e wife, there is a cold- ness, a formality, aud a prim, correct sort of bachelorism in the whole affair, which, hap- pily, is never to be found where there are three or four boys romping about.- Clerical Economist. CHARACTERISTICS OB CENTURIES. The thirteenth century was the age of chi- valry ; the fourteenth of commerce ; the fifteenth of printing, and discovery (passages to India and America).; the sixteenth of re- ligion; the seventeenth of science; the eighteenth of war, politics, and public change ; the nineteenth Beems to be tie age of me- chanical invention.-The Looker On. The wages paid to the wretched women by the British and Foreign Bible Society prove tbat, whatever else they may desire to make of religion, they have no wish to make it .binding.'-Punch, It ii not often» we dare s»yr-tb»t R mun think«, when he drink« " a gill of ale," he \» swallowing a square yard ot Jand I Yet so it is. Tnere are 31,700,000 acres of land in < England, the rental of which is ¿£30,000,000 or 19s. 2d. per acre» An acre, therefore, at twenty-five years purchase, is of the value of ¿£23 19s. 2d, or 5,750 pence. Divide this by 4840 (the number of square yards in an acre), and you have a penny and a fifth as the average value of a square yard of English ground, A JOLLY LIFE.-Insects generally must lead a truly jovial life. Think what it must be to lodge in a lily. Imagine a palace of ' ivory or pearl, with pillar» of silver and capi- tals of gold, all exhaling such a perfume as never arose from human censer. Fancy, again, the fun of tucking yourself up for the I night in the folds'of a rose, rocked-to sleep by the gentle sighs of summer air, nothing to do when you awuke, but to wash yourself in a dew drop, and fall to and eat your bed- clothes ! THE GHOST IN HAMLET.-The scene with the ghost and the ghost's narrative were also admirably introduced-in fact, it cou'd not have been done so well at any other period of the action as when it was, the audience having been worked up to a state of anxiety to know why the ghost should " walk the earth." Several persons besides Hamlet had seen the ghost and heard it speak ; why then, in the third act, when the ghost entered the chamber, did not the Queen see it also ? For many years he (Mr. Lewes) imagined that this was an oversight or mere wilt'ulneas on the part of Sbakspere ; but on profounder consideration of Shakspere's art, and his treatment of the supernatural, he believed that this conclusion was untenable. A Ger- man critic had suggested that the Queen did not see the ghost because of her im- purity, which prevented her seeing anything spiritual y this, idea Avas certainly very Ger- man, but not at all Shaksperian. His own solution of the matter was, that Sbakspere, in common with the men of his age, ad- mitted the existence of ghosts, as well as a sort of phantasmal existence ; that there was a ghost-a being, an entity, not having any relation to the seer ; and that beyond this, there was a spectral ghost-a ghost carved out of the sser's own thought''-his own nature, projected out of him,-and resulting from his guilty thoughts, or terrors, or Avhat ever else might be in. the immediate circum- stance under which it was seen. Spectral i lusions, as such, were familiar to everybody, and although ghosts, as bodily existences, were not believed in now, such a belief existed not many years ago. Shakspere himself seemed to draw a distinction between a phan- tasy and a ghost in the very first scene in Hamlet, where he makes Mareellus say with reference to the ghost, " Horatio says 'tis but our phantasy, And will not let belief take hold of bim Touching this dreadful sight, twice seen of us." On the platform at Elsinore, at midnight, in deep silence, by moonlight, and surrounded by a *. nipping and eager air," the ghost was in its proper scenery, and it was seen and spoken to ; but when it appeared in broad daylight, not in a desolate spot, but in a chamber, then he (Mr. Lewes) contended that it. was not a ghost, but a phantasm. Banquo's ghost, too, Aras only a phantasm, shaped out of Macbeth'» own guilty thoughts -it rose as such, and as such passed away. Mr. Lewes quoted several other instances from Sliakspere and other writers, in confir- mation of the view he had takeu. Tn the first edition of the existing "Hamlet" there occurred the very significant stage direction, "Enter ghost, in his night-gown." Shnk . spere himself played' the ghost at first, and if he put in' this direction, it must have been for the purpose of making this distinction that when the ghost appeared as a ghost, and trod the platform at Elsinore, it walked in the armour in which the king was buried ; but when it appeared as a phantasm, it was as Hamlet described-" My father as he lived 1"-that was, not in his armour, but in his ordinary clothes.-Mr. G. Ii. Lewes. PARLIAMENTARY ERRORS.-Sir Joshua Walmsley, in addressing his constituents at Bolton the other day, said-" Parliament has sanctioned the most unprovoked invasions, the most bloody wars, and the most cruel aggressions on the territories and the liberties of the people of other countries. It has refused to look into the crying abuses and rank injustice of the Established Church in Ire- land. It has added to tho national debt, and in- creased the taxation ton millions. It has swelled the pension list, and perpetrated as many jobs as over characterised any former Parliament. It has justified and applauded acts of governors abroad that have made the British name an offence to tho nati\\-es of distant countries. It has allowed a hoary monopoly to run riot, in the excess of its power, among a hundred millions in India, while that body has neglected or perverted the resources of that magnificent empiro which ought to be a mino of wealth and prosperity to the people of this country. It has imprisoned and transported hundreds ot men for an ill-judged and sometimes violent advocacy of the cause of political reform, while it has treated with silence, derision, or contempt, the respectful petitions of millions of tho people. It has, again and again, refused the extension of the franchise on the alleged ground of the people's ignorance ; yet, to tho present hour, it has con- tinued tho taxes which prevent the people from obtaining cheap knowledge. It tells the people that cleanliness is next to godliness, and that- to be unwashed is a reason for being unenfranchised. Yet it lays a tax upon soap, "and upholds the monopoly of water. It tells tho people to be tem- perate, and to turn from the gin shop to the gro- cer's, yet levies a tax upon tea of 2s. 2Jd. "per pound, or more than double its cost prico in the wholesale market. It professes a zeal for tho public health, yet taxes the openings a man makes in his own dwelling to admit the pure light and breath of the beneficent heavens."' 