EPITOME OF HOME NEWS. PR'-ssrA.-We rejoice to be able to state, that since the prorogation of the Prussian Chambers, announced in our second edition of last week, the probabilities of the speedy restoration of harmony between the two great German powers have much increased. The vacancies in the ministry, made by the retirement of M. von Ladenberp, have not yet ..^.tu u,,, uui ii is not DKeiy tnat they will have any effect upon the great question of the moment. It is said that Bavaria and Wurtemburg have protested against the Olmutz Convention ; but their oppositions will probably be overruled. Tiiey wish it is under stood that the conditions required of Prussia at War saw, and the terms of the agreement between Bava ria, Wurtemburg. and Austria, atBregenz should be taken as the basis of the coming conference. Tele graphic dispatches from Berlin, announces that the reduction of the army has been decreed. The Dresden Conferences will c(imm«nnp nn I art, ir,»» A Duel Prevented. -Two Spanish officers re cently met to fijht a duel outside the gate of Bilbao, after the seconds had failed to reconcile the belli gerents. ' We wish to fight— to fight to death,' they replied to the representations of their com panions. At this moment, a poor fellow, looking like the ghost of Romeo's apothecary, approached the seconds, and in a lamentable voice said, ' Gentlemen, I m a poor artizen with a large family, and if you WOUld — '' Mv ffOOd man. don't ♦rnnhlo n. r.r,,.,' M cried one of the officers. ' don't you see my friends are going; to spit each other ? We are not in a charitable humour.' ' It is not alms I ask for,' s-»id the man, '1 am a poor carpenter wiih eight children, and my wife is sick ; and having heard that those gentlemen were about to kill each other, I thought of asking you to let me make the coffins.' At these words, the individulas about to commence the combat, burst into a loud fit of laughter, and, simultaneously throwing down their swords, shook hands with each other and walked away. Ages of the Nobility.— The eldest arohbishorj is the Archbishop of Armagh, aged 77 ; the youngest is the Archbishop of York, aged 62. The eliiest duke is the Duke of Hamilton, aged 83 ; the youngest is the Duke of St. Alban's, agerl 10. The eldest marquis is the marquis of Huntley, aped 89 ; the youngest is the Marquis of Bute, aged 3. The eldest earl is the Earl of Bantry, born August 6 1767, aged 93. (The Earl of Cork was born Oc tober 21, 1767, and the Earl of Portsmouth was bom December 18, 1767) ; the youngest earl is the Earl of Dunmore, nged 9. The eldest viscount is Viscount St. Vincent, aged 81. The youngest is Viscount Hood, aged 12. The eldest bishop is the Bishop of Durham, aged 80; the youngest is the Bishop of Down, aged 42. The eldest baron is Baron Uerners, aged 88 ; the youngest is Baron Louth, aged 18. The eldest baronet is Sir Chailes V . Hudson, aged 95 ; the youngest is Sir Reginald Louis Oakes, aged 3. A Phenomenal Family.— We read in the Conrrierde Marseille-' Tnere lives at Marseilles, not farfiora the Boulevart Merentier, a phenomenal family, comprising no less. than five generations. Ihe chief, who exercises the bucolic profession of goatherd, is 104 years old. This patriarch has a son of 80. who in his tu-n is father of a man of 40, who has a dam-liter of 25. wbo married four years ago, and is now mother of a little girl aged three. The whole tribe enjoy perfect health. Years have passed over the head of the race without leaving a wrinkle scarcely on his skin. This immortal old fellow still demolishes bis four repasts a day, according to the custom of our stonUbellied ancestors, from whom we have, alas ! out too much degenerated both in gaa tronomical matters and many other tilings. The chronicle of the place adds that it is curious to bear him, in bis fits of severity, eoold bis son, that yonng s^pegrace of 80, whom he often condemo to silence by a peremptory Jeune homme^ taisbez*vous .'' _Na viGATma the Am ^e.find the following in The Evmsment : -« lh,s afternoon, at half-past three o clock, an experiment took place at the H.'d ppdro.ne. before some of the representatives of the press, relative to the possibility of directing balloons in the air. A anall balloon, made of gold beater's skin, in the shape of a long fish, and suspended from wooden supporters, was made to go straight against the wind by means of two small wings, to which a samic.rcubr movement was imparted by machinery on thosaine principal. The experiment was con s.dered perfectly satisfactory ' The Opinion Pub hque says :— ' In this experiment wi- cannot say that a solution of the problem of navigating at will through the air has been come to, bat we think that a first step has been made m the matter. The ex llhiMnn nf AM Arnn..!.. *UA I. — ? ^ ? * ? . „. .„. ^. -lcliUII-. me mveatpr, is or a nature to excite public curiosity to a high degree.' The Mutiny on Board the Ship Kelso.— The annexed statement has been received by the owners of this vessel from the master, Captain John Innes — \- Hong Kong, September 28— About half-past seven o'clock on the evening of the 18.ih of August, two of the crew informed me that some of the men had entered into a solemn protest to murder me and the steward that night. They determined also, to seize the carpenter and the two. mates, dispose' of r rJT! I™ °:_0AherJ.an.(3 then 'u° ^e Mi to the ? ?»« ? '' iui- norm coast of America, where they would sell |*r. The two men said they could not assist me openly, as they were afraid of the mutU neera Having only the two mates, the carpenter, and the steward, to stand with me, I found my only chance was to await the attack. I accordingly ak owed everythiag logo on as usual, taking care to have the carpenter, steward, and mate off duty and in my cabin. About half-past nine I went on deck and gave the usual night instructions to Clark on watch, and went below into a different cabin from the one I usually occupied. I had Lock in the same cabin (the starboard after cabin) with me, and I had the carpenter in the one immediately before it with .the steward. I loaded the three pistols taken from the arms chest, and presented one to each, the carpenter, steward and Lock; my own two pistols I kept my self, and sat down at the door of the cabin in the dark, anxiously awaiting the attack, which, through some cause or other, was deferred until about three o clock in the morning, when I saw two men station themselves on the quarter-deck, and another man crawl into the cabin upon his hands and knees, pass under the cuddy table, and aft by the starboard pas. sage. He had a bayonet in his right hand. I or dered him to stand. He was still coming, on when fired and shot him dead. I immediately reloaded the discharged pistol, and went on the poop deck through the skylight, followed by the others who w«™ wiin me in tne cabin. I now found the mutr neers had got possession of the ship, and had com. pelled the officer of the watch to take charge of the helm ; and they had changed the ship's course. I now called the mutineers to come aft to me. Thev obeyed and threw down their arms, all excepting one man (who was to be captain), wbo was armed with a bayonet m his hand and a large bo vie knife in his belt. I gave him three distinct orders to throw down his arms He refused, and was rushing on me, when I fired and sent the ball through his body. He turned and staggered forward, and fell at the fore hatchway. Afterwards I had the other two ringleaders put into irons, and confined separately. Nothing of any par tlClllar mnmanl nnnnmol .1..-: ? .1 ? i J 2 . ? — ...„.„ UUv.ulICU uuiuig me remainder of the passage, wh.ch only required great caution to watch the prisoners from escaping, as 1 bad now only seven effecuve hands on board to navigate the ship. How, ever, we arrived perfectly safe, when I handed the prisoners over to the proper authorities.' The Bishop of London and thf Pusbyites.— Ihe Lishop of London on Saturday, December 22nd issued peremptory instructions to Archdeacon Sin, clair, Middlesex, and Archdeacon Hale, London to institute inquiries into the manner of conducting Divine Service in certain churches and chant-Is in his diocese. Humours of his Lordship's intention had been extensively circulated before, but the Commis sion was only definitely ordered on the 23d. The following churches and chapels will be made special subjects of inquiry, and if it shall be reported to hia Lordship that the services are, as commonly stated, conducted m an objectionable manner, immediate proceedings are to be t&kpn.; »nrlr-r ii.o «i..,..k Discipline Act, against the incumbents : - St. Anne's, Soho; Rector, the Rev. Nugent Wade M.A., Christ Church, Broadway. Westminster; Incumbent, the Rev. C. W. Page, St. Mary's Church, Greek-street, Soho ; Incumbent, the Rev. W. Blunt, S\ Peter's Chapel, Pimlieo; Incumbenf, the Rev. T. N. Har per, M.A., St. James the Great, Betbnalgreen : Incumbent, the Rev. W. James, M.A., St. George's in- the-East ; Rector, the Rev. Bryan King. M.A., St. PmuI's Church. Bunhill-row ; Incumbent, the Rev. Lewis Marcus, St Andrew's Church, Well-street, Oxford- street,; Incumbent, the Rev. J. Murray! » V« I '^argaret's Marylebohe, Incumbent the Rev W. A. Richards, M.A., Christchurch, Regent's park ; Incumbent, the Rev. W. Dodswortb, B.A., St. Leonard's Church, Slioreditch ; Vicar, the, Rev. 1 . Sampson Evans, M. A. ; Christ Church, Hoxton ; Incumbent, the. Rev. W.Scott, M,A. Disoovuav of Medals. -More than 3 000 Ro man silver medala have just been discovered by a poor yine grower in the neighbourhood of Nines, in a field belonging to him. They were enclosed in an oartliem urn. Another small urn was near it, con taming 1 62 medals of pure gold. The latter, which weighed 867 grammes, were sold to the town of Nimes, and to some amateurs, at the rate of 115f ** per ounce lhe- consist of 2 of Julius Cauar, 14 of Irajan, 26 Vespasian, 5 Noro, 17 Antoninus, 16 Djmitian, 11 Adrian. 3 Commodus, 5 Lucius Verus, 0 Faustinas, I Faustina, 2 Septimus Severus 1 lotinus, 1 Luoilla (the wifeof Au'oninus), 1-Nerv,-, I babinus, 1 Didius- Julianus, 1 Pertinai, and'2 of Aurehan. Out of the silver medals, only 1,500 have been saved; and others were melted down by a silver SIT) Mil* The Bishop of London's Charge.— Enauireat uwiT,h0ff-l-,pa.ulVCIfclhedral» «S j«u wT£ told that the bishop1* charge is ?? twopence.'— Punch. 