ADDRESS OF THE REV. DR. FRY RESPECTING THE SYNOD OF SYDNEY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE 'SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE.' SIR-Having for nearly ten years held the office of Minister of a parish in Hobart Town-to which I am now returning after a visit of two years to England on leave of absence-and. therefore, feeling a deep interest in the Colonial Church, and having had a recent view of the state of religion in the mother-country,-I now presume to submit a few observations to the consideration of tbe clergy and laity of this province. The late Episcopal Synod at Sydney may be regarded in three important aspects- 1st. As being an Ecclesiastical Council, legis- lating authoritatively on matters of faith and disci- pline. 2nd. In regard to the nature of the subjects on which the judgment of the Synod has been pronounced. 3rd. In regard to the judgment themselves. On the first subject the principal questions appear to be-First, the proper constitution of an Eccle- siastical Synod in the colonies. Second, the results which may be expected from the establishment of such Councils, and from the exercise of their functions. I do not deem it advisable to enter into a minute consideration of the constitution of Church Synods, estimating their propriety either by Ihe ecclesias- tical usage of former ages or by the practice of modern tribunals ; but to direct attention to the great scriptural precedent which forms the unde- niable basis of all deliberative assemblies of Christians, and which affords a Divine authority for the direction of the members of the Colonial Church in the present important crisis of its interests. In the 15th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles it is related that a difference of opinion existed among the members of the Church as to whether the converts from Heathenism should be compelled to observe the ordinances and rites of the Levitical law. An assembly, consisting of the Apostles, Elders, and 'all the multitude' of the members of the Church, was held at Jerusalem, in which the subject was debated, the Apostles addressing the whole audience. We are informed the result was, that ' it pleased the Apostles and elders, with the whole Church, to send chosen men of their company' lo testify to the Gentile converts their judgment, thus formally addressed- ' The Apostles and Elders and Brethren send greeting,' &c.; 'It seemed good unto us, being assembled with one accord, to send chosen men unto you ;' and again- 'It seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us to lay upon you no greater burthen,' &c.; This account seems designed to convey Ihe following inferences for direction of the Church :- 1st. Even the human understandingof the writer- and, beyond comparison in a higher degree, the omniscient spirit of Inspiration-must have foreseen that the measure adopted by the Apostles for the determination of an important question would be regarded as a Divinely prescribed precedent for direction of the Church in similar cases. 2nd. The Apostles associated the lay members of the Church with themselves in deliberating, deter- mining, and pronouncing a formal judgment on a subject of the deepest interest and importance, involving doctrinal questions which required for their solution an accurate judgment and extensive knowledge of Holy Scripture. 3rd. They were not withheld from allowing this right to the laity by any fear of tumult or disorder in submitting to a popular assembly a question on which great controversy had been excited, on which opinions were much divided, aud general interest existed. From these facts the following duties appear to follow :- 1st. That the laity cannot be excluded from synodical assemblies, for determination of any doctrinal or other questions, without contravening an Apostolic rule, and depriving them of a right to which they are entitled by declaration of Holy Scripture. 2nd. That their exclusion involves the respon- sibility of setting aside an apostolic constitution for a human one, and the undoubted forfeiture of the blessings dependant upon the former. 3rd. That it involves the responsibility of depriving members of the Church of a most important right with which they are invested by the decision of the Lord's Word, and that it incapacitates them from exhibiting their zeal for the Lord, and excludes them from a high and profitable means of serving Him, and advancing the interests of His Church. 4th. The exercise by a portion of a society of the power of judging on religious questions affecting the interests of the whole body necessarily implies a superiority on the part of those who judge, which is usually felt as a degradation by the rest-gives rise to suspicion and accusation of arbitrary domination and tyranny over the faith of others- and, when opinions are various, leads to party spirit, schism, and dissension. 5th. That as the exercise of Christian privileges is the due fulfilment of religious duties, every member of the Church is bound by a sacred obli- gation to use all lawful means to secure to himself and his brethren the full and free exercise of this important right; and however unwilling, from retired habits or disposition, any individual may be to take part in public matters, he is bound by conscience to engage in a work on which such important princi- ples and interests are dependant. It is not proper to infer that the Synod of Sydney assumed a positive legislative character; that is, that it promulgated decisions which it designed should be enforced by excommunication or other penalties,-for, 1st, the members were assured that they could not thus directly enforce their decisions; 2nd, they declare that they do not 'presume to think that they can inform or guide the judgment of the Church at large.' It cannot, however, but be apparent that the solemn promulgation of dogmas by bishops, synodically assembled, conveys an obligation in foro concicientiae, attaching condemnation to opposite sentiments, and involving dissentients in a painful responsibility. The characters of the prelates and the objects which they professed leave no room to donbt that they were animated by a genuine desire to advance the interests of the Church ; and in undertaking a measure fraught with trouble and expense, and likely to engender misapprehension and obloquy, they have merited the gratitude of its members. The subject, therefore, should be regarded not as one of opposition or conflicting interests, but as a great design calling for the cooperation of all the members of the Church, in the spirit of harmony and forbearance. Were I to venture the expression of my own private feeling, it would be one of regret that the Synod had proceeded to the promulgation of dogmas, and had not confined itself to the measures requisite for the constitution of an ecclesiastical assembly, to be adopted by consent of the churches, and whose authority would be generally recognised, and could be enforced. By the declaration of the Synod of Sydney, the determination of ecclesiastical regu- lations is assigned to Provincial and Diocesan conventions; to anticipate their judgment by decisions of a Synod composed of a single order of the clergy, is exposed to heavy objections and great inconvenience. If, however, ihe subject be calmly discussed, and those who engage in it seek for Divine guidance and the grace to exclude from their discussions-and still more from their bosoms-all feelings adverse to the meekness and humility becoming those who follow the Lamb, the greatest good must result to the Church and to religion. The heart burnings and jealousies which prevail at present admit of an easy disposal. To quiet your apprehensions, your highly respected Diocesan has only to declare sentiments which I am convinced be fully entertains, and which indeed is expressed by the Synod, that he has no intention of contravening the law laid down by the Privy Council, by refusing induction or admission to holy orders to persons who may hold either of the general opinions respecting baptism, and that he designed, as the Synod professes, only to express his own private opinion, and not to attach a sentence of condem- nation to those who may entertain different views. In a second letter I propose to submit my reasons for believing that the controversy concerning baptism is founded in a great degree on a misappre- hension of words, and that the difference is not essential; also to allude to the distressing condition of the Church in England, and to point out a very simple means by which the much to be desired co- operation of clergy and laity in promoting the great interests of religion and directing the affairs of the Church may be secured.-I remain, Sir, your faithful servant, HENRY PHIBBS FRY. Port Adelaide, January 22, 1851. 