DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. IPSWICH. (From our Correspondent.) WEDNESDAY, Oct. 22nd, 1851 -At to-day's Court the presiding Justices were Messrs. J. Panton and J. Rankin, Two bacchanalians, who had been last night inducted into the mysteries of the retreat provided for their accommodation by the parental care of the Government, but who, un- gratefully preferring "a life in the woods," de- posited the usual five shillings, and were therefore allowed their parole, were, on their names being called this morning, not forthcoming. Ergo, they forfeited the likenesses of her Majesty which they left behind. In the case of John McCabe v. Mr. Donald Coutts for wages, the plaintiff was, in racing par- lance, "nowhere." The defendant, consequently, walked over the course, winning easily by a long chalk. A female, named Mary Allen was next brought up for indecent exposure, to which she pleaded guilty, and was fined £5, or to be imprisoned for seven days. LAND SALE.--By your issue of Saturday, 18th inst., I find that my last week's report did not reach you in time for publication. For the present I have merely to reiterate the remarks I then made relative to the gross injustice the public are suffering under, through the present system of submitting land to public competition, Town- ships, villages, parishes, reserves, &c;, &c.;, are nicely marked out on tracing paper, and a lucid (?) description, per Government Gazette, sent up to our Court-House a few days before the sale ; but not a soul is there resident here empowered to point out to us where the township, village, parish, or reserve is situated. Consequently, if we do buy, it is completely in the dark. The last sale, however, ought to convince the Government that we are not to be duped, inasmuch as that several parties, who had by industry saved means to pur- chase a freehold, left the Court House, thoroughly disgusted at the system pursued ; and, out ot the twenty-two lots put up, the last only was disposed of, although the greater number, if not the whole, would have been sold, had a competent party on behalf of Government attended to point out the localities of the different lots. This is what my old grandmother used to tell me was penny-wise and pound-foolish. I would not for the world publish a libel, especially against such a potent power as the Goverment; at the same time I cannot refrain from relating an anecdote relative to land-jobbing, which came under my own per- sonal cognizance about the year 1840, when the land mania was at its height. Happening to be in a solicitor's office, in George-street, Sydney, my attention was attracted by what I supposed to be a beautifully delineated map (the work of W. H. W.) of the township of " Victoria," (attractive name !) said to be situated near the township of nR and Churches ad infinitum - Market Place court...... several other pub lic buildings were there without n^^S^fefÄÄ"on the paper; but, alas (for the instability of all human speculations! While enjoying in prospective the airy castles which I intended erecting at Vic- toria, in walked one of those matter-of-fact cha- racters who despise the romance of life, (vulgar fellows), and commenced to rate roundly the un- fortunate limb of the law in whose sanctum I was ensconced declaring that he was "completely chiselled" out of his money, having incurred the expense of travelling to Bathurst, none of the inhabitants of which had ever heard of "Victoria" or its public buildings. Now, Mr. Editor, I would not for a moment state that there was any ana- logy in the two cases ; but I would merely ask the question, aint they very like brothers ? To con- clude my remarks, for the present only, (as I intend to continue them shortly, on the subject of another of the Government delusions, the " Inter- mediate Runs"), let me request of you to inform the "public, if in your power, why, at the conclusion of every sale, the maps have to be forwarded back to the surveyor's office, thus depriving a purchaser of a country lot from any chance of discovering his land, the price of which the Government have snugly in their chest? A short time back, the Bench applied for maps of the lands sold, and what suppose you was the answer ? - Why, that they had no time to furnish them ! ! ! Comment upon such an answer is unnecessary, for it is really either so ridiculous as to make a horse laugh, or so vexatious as to cause us to kick up such a clatter about, Sir Thomas's ears as would compel him to shave his head and wear a wig. CLERICAL. - On Sunday last we were favoured with a visit from the Rev. Mr. McLeod, Presbyte- rian minister, who preached in the billiard-room in the morning, and in the Rev. Mr. Millard's (Wesleyan) chapel in the evening, to a congrega- tion of at least 150, several having to remain outside for want of room. Mr. Millard opened the service by a hymn and prayer, in which he made a beautiful allusion to the abolition of all sectarian differences, as the true worshippers of the Deity could, without reference to creed, join sincerely in adoration of their common Maker. Mr. McLeod referred to the same subject in his discourse, which was listened to with the greatest deference and attention by the largest congrega- tion I have yet seen collected together in Ipswich. One regret only appeared to pervade his hearers, \- that he was but a casual visitor. GOLD. - Reports reached us la¿t night - not yet, however, well authenticated -- that gold had been found in abundance at Mr. Bigge's station, Mount Brisbane. The good folks here at at boiling heat until their messengers, whom they have despatched, return with the needful information. Meanwhile business is at a complete stand-still, - quartz, auriferous indications, volcanic deposits, cradles, quicksilver, &c.;, being the only topics of conver- sation. You may, therefore, well be astonished that, in such a ferment, I should have the patience to sit down and write you this report. REPORTS OF MORE MURDERS BY THE BLACKS.—A letter received by last post, from a gentleman in the Burnett district, mentions a report that has just been received of the murder of Mr. Colin McKay, and four of Mr. Tevethan's men, by the aboriginal natives. A report of so dreadful a nature should of course be received with great caution, but as it seemed to be believed by the writer we should not consider ourselves justified in withholding it from publicity. REPORTED DISCOVERY OF GOLD ON THE BRIS- BANE RIVER. - We learn from Mr. Alexander Macdonal who was at Mr. Bigge's station, Mount Brisbane, on Saturday last, that man named Neale, an old gold-miner at Bathurst, and it is said at California, had succeeded in discovering, within twenty miles of Mr. Bigge's station, a metal which that gentleman, on examination, had felt satisfied was gold. Assured Neal im- and was by him informed of his success it would thus appear that the place where he had been digging was somewhere, in the direction of the Glass-house mountains. The man Neale, men- tioned above, carme recently to Brisbane from Sydney for the express purpose of searching for gold. COMMITTAL. - Mary Ann Williams, the woman mentioned in our last as having been remanded on a charge of stealing, was again brought before the Bench last Saturday. The evidence of Rosina Paton proved that the prisoner had been seen near the line where the stolen articles hung, and Mrs. McCann proved that the articles bad been left with her by the prisoner. The Bench com- mitted her for trial at the next Circuit Court. CHARGE OF BARBAROUSLY ILL-TREATING A SER- VANT. - In the course of the week it became known in town that charges of most wanton and cruel ill-treatment have been preferred against Mrs. Jane Ellis, wife of one ot the turnkeys of Brisbane gaol, by a girl who had been living with her as a servant. It was reported that the case would be shown to bear analogy to the recent one of Sloane, which had created, so much excitement in England ; and, as it was understood that the wives of some of the tradesmen in the town had taken the matter up, and retained an advocate in the case, the police-office was crowded yesterday, on which day the case was set down for hearing. Mrs. Ellis had been summoned on an information filed by one Jane Johnson, setting forth that Jane Ellis had at divers (various) times beaten and seriously injured one IsabelIa McEvoy and praying that inquiry might be made and justice done in the premises. The defendant did not appear, but Mr. Roberts, as her solicitor in the case, objected to the information, chiefly on the ground that it should have been laid by the person assaulted, and not by a third party. Mr. Shaw replied. The Bench, after consultation, decided that Mr. Ro- berts's objections were fatal, and that the case, as it stood, must be dismissed ; but if the aggrieved person was prepared to come forward, they would then hear her complaint, and proceedings might at once be commenced anew. Mr. Shaw then called Isabella M'Evoy, who, having answered satisfactorily concerning her knowledge of the nature of an oath, was duly sworn, and deposed that she wished to make a complaint against Mrs. Ellis, who had ill-used her. On Wednesday or Thursday in last week Mrs. Ellis had beaten her for leaving the frying-pan dirty; she stripped her naked, and beat her with a strap. She had beaten her very hard, and witness had the marks on her body still. Mrs. Ellis had also beaten her with a stick, about six months ago. When she stripped and beat witness last week, she tied her up to the rafters of the house with a clothes-line. On that occasion witness's feet rested on the ground ; but, last summer, Mrs. Ellis had tied her up to the rafters with a line, and had previously placed her on a chair, which she removed when witness was tied, and left her swinging. [In answer to a question from the Bench]. Witness was afraid to complain at that time. Mrs. Ellis had beaten her severely several times within the last three months. Several times the witness clutches about her waist, and beat her with Ellis's walking-stick. Witness had the marks still. The mark on her arm was caused by a blow from the stick, a few days before the Wednesday or Thursday men- tioned. (The witness, by desire of Mr. Shaw, pulled up her sleeve, and showed a swelling about an inch high on her right arm, near the elbow], Mrs. Ellis had once given her filth to eat ; that was in Windsor, about six years ago. When Mrs Ellis had tied her up, and was beating her with the strap, last week, witness cried out, and Mrs. Ellis then took a knife, and threatened to cut her throat or to rip her up, if she did not cease cry- ing. On Friday last witness ran away from the house, after Mrs. Ellis had beaten her on the head with stick. She had dragged witness in from the yard by the hair of the head, and beat her in the house. Mrs. Ellis was in the habit of beating her three or four times a week. The witness, being called upon to sign her complaint, made her mark, and, in answer to a question from the Bench, stated that Mrs. Ellis had never attempted to teach her to read. A warrant was then issued for the apprehension of Jane Ellis, who was shortly afterwards brought into court, and placed in the dock. The information was read by the Clerk of the Bench, and the prisoner requested that the proceedings might be delayed until the arrival of Mr. Roberts, who had left the court, as otherwise her life might be sworn away, for she was entirely innocent of the charge brought against her. Mr. Shaw said that be was quite willing to wait ; but it was ultimately decided to go on with the exami- nation of the witness, as Mr. Roberts, who was sent for, could hear the deposition read when he came. The examination ot Isabella M'Evoy was then continued—Witness believed that she had been living with Mrs. Ellis about eleven years. Went first to live with her at Hartley, when she (witness) was about five years old. At first Mrs. Ellis treated her very well. They afterwards went to Bathurst, and came to Brisbane about two years ago .—At this stage of the proceedings Mr. Roberts entered the court, and applied to the Magistrates for time for consultation with the accused, he had only now an opportunity of hearing the com- plaint, and could not tell what evidence might be available to rebut it until he consulted with his client. Mr. Shaw said that he was quite willing that Mrs. Ellis should have reasonable time. The charge brought against her was a most serious one, and he hoped sincerely that she might be able to clear herself of it. The Police Magistrate said that the Bench were of opinion that Mr. Roberts must show a reasonable cause for postponing the case. Mr. Roberts contended that the cause shown was a very reasonable one. After some further discussion the Bench decided to postpone the further hearing of the case till ten o'clock in the forenoon of Wednesday next. The prisoner would be allowed bail in the meantime, her husband to be bound for her in the sum of £80, and two sureties in £40 each, for her appearance at the time named. Bail was subsequently given. —We have reported this case rather fully, so far as it has gone, because it seemed to excite much public interest. At the same time it would be wrong to form any strong opinion prejudicial to the ascused, before any op- portunity has been given her for defence. A case like this naturally excites strong feelings of sympa- thy for the complainant, but it must be remembered that the accused person is entitled also to conside- ration, and that it would be great injustice to form an injurious opinion on an expert's statement. MORETON BAY ARROWROOT. - We have been obligingly furnished by Mr G.F. Poole with a sample of arrowroot, grown by Mr. Childs, on his farm on the banks of the Brisbaner, near Breakfast Creek. The article is of a very superior descrip- tion, and is pronounced to be far preferable to much that is sold in Sydney. This is the second year of the experiment being tried by Mr. Childs, and he now has about ¼ a ton of roots grow- ing. He states that he could afford to grow the article, and sell it for the usual wholesale price in Sydney. He has regularly used it in his own family since he began to grow it. The very satis- factory results of the experiment afford an addi- tional proof of the fertility and resources of the soil on the Brisbane river. THE MARKET ELETION. - Electors qualified to vote for commissioners to manage the affairs of the proposed Brisbane market, are again reminded that the election is fixed for Monday the 24th of November next, and that the qualifications of electors must be registered, by means of a written declaration before the Bench, in the form pub- lished in our last, within twenty-one days before the day of election. There are not many days to spare, and as large powers, materially affecting the convenience of the inhabitants, may be placed in the hands of the commissioners, electors who do not qualify themselves to vote, may hereafter regret it. LECTURE ON PHRENOLOGY. - On Thursday even- ing last, Mr. Alexander Knowles, a member of the Phrenological Society of Edinburgh, delivered, at the Brisbane School of Arts, his first lecture on the science of Phrenology. The attendance was most numerous, the hall of the building being filled, shortly after seven o'clock with an audience amongst which weire most of the principal families of the neighbourhood. Many persons arrived after all the temporary fixed seats in the building had been occupied, but all were accommodated through the very judicious arrangements of the Secretary and Librarian, Mr. Langridge. The lecturer com- menced his discourse by stating, in lucid and familiar terms, the leading principles on which Dr. Gall had founded his theory of phrenology, tracing the circumstances hby which that theoretical view had been confirmed by the practical experi- ence of the distinguished individual who had dis- covered and established the system. Hence, after some cogent remarks on the feasibility of the science, as demonstrated by the known truths of anatomy, the lecturer turned to practical illustra- tions of his subject, by pointing out on a skull the situations of those separate functions of the brain which, as phrenologists believed, caused the de- velopments, or " bumps,"' which might be observed externally on the skull. In explaining the locali- ties assigned by phrenologists to the several pas- sions and feelings which the brain contronls, the lecturer illustrated his remarks by familiar instances which, as he avoided offensive personali- ties, seemed to be well understood and appreciated. Accordingly they were received with much ap- plause ; and it is a remarkable circumstance, which may perhaps be accounted for by our own phreno- logical developments, that the applause when given appeared alway to be given at the proper time. Nevertheless some excellent points seemed to have escaped notice. In treatimg those delicate parts of the subject which referred to Amative and Philoprogenitive developments, the lecturer was as brief as he could be, consistently with a proper exposition of the system, but the necessary allu- sion to these facilities of course caused much ap- plause from the bachelors present. In the course of his lecture Mr. Knowles expressed his opinion that the Combative section of the brain often stimulated tities. He adducedhe intellectual faculties. He adduced Dr. Lang and Mr. Wentworth as familiar example -* "».i- _t s j. , n- -i-n" i"a to the difficulties under which some phrenologists, not practised in the study, might labour in judging by the outward development of the skull, which would retain its original impression although that portion of the brain might be diseased. He recommended attention to the eye, which could not lie. The lecturer interspersed his remarks with some very apposite quotations, which were well received. On the conclusion of the lecture, which had the desi- rable quality of being too short, a vote of thanks was proposed and seconded, and given with accla- mation. Mr. Knowles briefly acknonledged the compliment, and it was announced that he would deliver a second lecture on the same subject, next Thursday week.vMr. Knowles evidently posseses, besides his knowledge of the subject on which he lectured, two of the best points of a lecturer, namely a good delivery of speech and a complete self-possession of manner. His lecture, which we have only glanced at in this notice, deserves a larger space than we have now to give for it, and we can only at present congratulate the members of the Brisbane School of Arts on the very efficient assistance which they have obtained. CORONER'S INQUEST. - An inquest was held on Thursday last, at the Caledonian Hotel, North Brisbane, before Dr. Swift and a jury of six, on view of the body of William Sherwin, then lying dead. Evidence to the following effect was ad- duced:- James Barr deposed that on the same morning he was about three miles up the river, from Brisbane, looking for a spar for a boat, when he saw the body of the deceased floating on the river. The steamboat Swallow passed at the time, and he hailed her and told what he had seen. They advised him to tow the body ashore and give information in Brisbane, which he did. The sum of £4 13s. 6d. was afterwards found in the pockets of the deceased. Bernard McNicol recognised the deceased as William Sherwin. He had known him for some years. Deceased had lost his left arm many years ago, before he came to this colony. William Kirby deposed that he was a passenger with the deceased in the Swallow steam boat, from Ipswich on Monday last. They drank a great deal of spirits on board. Deceased had a dispute with one of the sailors, and he took two pistols from a bundle which he had with him, and presented them at the sailor. Another passenger who was present said he was afraid of fire arms, and deceased gave them to witness to put away. Deceased and the sailor afterwards shook hands, and deceased apolo- gized, saying that the pistols were not loaded. The last time witness saw the deceased alive was about three miles from Brisbane. He was then lying down on a form. He could not have fallen into the river from that position, even if he had fallen off the form. Witness next heard of de- ceased that day, when he heard from thet Chief Constable that he had been found in the river. Dr. Cannan deposed that he had found the body of the deceased secured with a rope, as stated by the first wiitness. He had it conveyed on shore, and examined it. There were no outward marks of violence, but the face was, much disfigured by the attacks of fish. The body presented the usual appearance, of one that had been in the water several days. Was of opinión that deceased been in the water for at least thirty-six hours. Could not say whether, he had died, in the river or before. At ksd forenoon of Saturdays (this day), when it will be resumed at the same place. GOLD AT WIDE BAY.- In another part of this issue will be found a notice from our country edition of Monday last, of the alleged discovery of gold in large quantities in the Wide Bay dis rict. The writer of the letter alluded to is a person in every way worthy of credit, and as he has given the name of his informant, there seems no reason to question the accuracy of his state- ment. The same correspondent repeats the sub- stance of the statement in a letter toanother gentleman in Brisbane. A third letter has also been received, from Mr. Thomas Jones, son of the member for the Stanley boroughs. The letter is dated at Wide Bay, on the 8th of the present month, and states that gold had been discovered in the Widgee-Widgee mountains, and that a bucket-full of earth had yielded thirty per cent. of gold. From these corroborative statements we have full confidence in the substantial correctness of the news, although there may probably be some mistake about the amount of the per-centage. The localities called " Bopple" and " Widgee Wid- gee", are believed to be the same. IMMIGRANTS. -- We last week reported that 303 immigrants had arrived in Sydney, by the ship Kate, and it will be seen from our shipping intel- ligence of to-day that the Earl Grey, also with immigrants, was expected in that port. It will be well for our readers to remember these arrivals as they occur, and to note how many of the pas- sengers are sent to Moreton Bay, in return for the proceeds of our land sales. PEARL FISHING. - A party of three persons, engaged in the fishing trade at Moreton Bay, and chiefly employed in procuring youngan oil and turtle, recently had their attention directed to the value of the pearl oysters that abound in the bay, and, in consequence, have for the last few days been procuring those animals on the beach at Calowndna, near Bribie's island. A note received from one of the party this week states that they had secured some very large pearls of brilliant lustre. A small one, of rather yellowish cast, has been forwarded to Mr. Eldridge. The aboriginal native who brought up the note stated that the party had found plenty of pearls - "close up a pint pot full ;" but of course allowance must he made for his exag- geration. Although the white pearl is most highly prised in the English market, some of the Indian purchasers prefer those of a yellowish shade, par- ticularly at Hyderabad, where the dealers consider that pearls of that colour are more permanent in lustre. The party above mentioned are fishing in a different part of the bay from that where the pearls lately forwarded to Mr. Hale, in Sydney, were found. That spot was on Stradbroke Island, at the south end of the bay. DISORDERLY LODGING HOUSES. - Some time ago a case came before Dr. Swift, the coroner of Bris- bane, in his official capacity, which induced him to believe that some regulations should be estab- lished giving the magistracy a certain controul over some descriptions of lodging-houses ; and accordingly that officer made a representation to the Government, embodying his views on the subject. In reply, a communication has been re- ceived, stating that the Attorney-General had been consulted, and had advised as follows.- " I think the present law is quite sufficient, if acted on. The 37th and also the 66th sections of the Licensed Publicans Act, (13th Victoria, No. 29), give ample power to prevent the disorders com- plained of; and, independently of those sections, the keeper of the house (as described) might be committed at common law for the nuisance of keeping a disorderly house." DELIVERY OF LETTERS. - Complaints have fre- quently reached us, of the fact that the postman employed to deliver letters trom the Brisbane Post Office, addressed to persons in the town, confines his perambulations to the south side of the river, and does not deliver any letters addressed to per- sons on the north side. The cause of this arrange- ment was made public in this journal many months ago. It was this the inhabitants of South Bris- bane petitioned tor a branch Post Office, but as this could not be granted, a letter carrier was appointed, at a salary of £35 a year, for the pur- pose of delivering letters on the south side, and thus saving tho inhabitants of that part of the town the expense af ferryage, which was one of the evils complained of. It appears to us, how- ever, that in the arrangements which may be made for the conduct of the postal department next year, an extension of this person's duties would be very desirable. Letters should be delivered by him to all persons within the boundaries of the town of Brisbane, whether on the north or the south side of the river, and he should also be instructed to perambulate the town at another period of the day \- the afternoon would perhaps be the best time - for the purpose of collecting letters for the post. These additional duties would, no doubt, involve an increase of salary, but that would be trifling com- pared with the additional public convenience in- sured. We feel assured that a proper representa- tion on this subject would meet with due attention. from the Postmaster-General. ACCIDENTAL DEATH. - A fatal accident occurred to an elderly man, named Mooney, on last Monday afternoon, at about five miles from Brisbane, on the Pine river road. The deceased was engaged in cut- ting down a tree with a crosscut saw, when it fell, and, striking against one near it, a branch from the cut tree was wrenched off, and in falling struck Mooney on the forehead, fracturing the skull. Medical assistance was sent for without delay, but the wounded man died the same evening. An inquest was held on the body next day, and a ver- dict of accidental death was returned. ELECTION FOR PHILLIP, BRISBANE, AND BLIGH. \- With reference to the list of Members of Council published in our last, we observe that a corres- pondent of the Maitland Mercury, of the 8th instant, received overland, gives the following as the official declaration of the poll for the above-named electoral district:- Dumaresq, 41, R. Campbell, 37 : leaving a majority of 4 for Dumaresq. In the meantime the Herald and the Empire of the 9th inst. contain letters from Mr. Campbell, thanking the constituency for electing him ; and this we had taken as conclusive infor- mation. There is evidently a mistake somewhere THE COLONIAL PRESS.- In the course of his remarks, when recently pleading in mitigation of punishment in the case " the Queen against Clay ton, for libel. Mr. Darvall said -" The impunity with which private character had been assailed by a certain portion of the press, had created a mor- bid taste for this kind of reading, among the subscribers, so that an additional sale was obtained by these means, and articles of the kind alluded to were produced with the view of taking advan- tage of their taste" The Attorney-General, in replying to Mr. Darvall, thus noticed his remarks on the Press - "As to what had been said with refetence to the impunity of the Press in the pub- lication of libels, he was glad to say that in no part of her Majesty's dominons was the Press more free from such a charge than in this colony." We fully believe that the Attorney-General's re- marks were, generally speaking, just. One or two exceptions only prove the rule ; but it may be doubted how fair the compliment might have been deserved before the recent division of the colony. SCARCITY OF LABOUR. - Some of the stock- holders who have recently commenced shearing are likely to suffer great inconvenience for want of labour. The emigrants who have left these districts for the gold fields have made a void in the labour supply, which may be severely felt at the present time. It is remarkable that, as far as information has yet reached us, the greatest scar- city of labour is felt in the districts nearest to Brisbane. At the Logan river, a stockholder was obliged to commence shearing with one shearer only. A WOLF IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING. - The London contributor of the Herald, writing of the Grand Exhibition, gives the following account of one of the many instances of intended robbery prevented by the vigilance of the Detective Police:- "The other day, the eyes of the orthodoxly pious might have rested with complacency upon the respectable, santimonious countenance, the shovel hat, the black silk apron, and sleek superficies of one of England's Bishops. At least you would have called him a bishop, as I did. How contempla- tive - how studious - how very much attracted to those interesting objects which drew the largest crowds of respectable-looking British curiosity together! A most observant and philosophical bishop; so much so that an admiring sergeant of police dodges him about, in and out, quite fasci- nated by the sight of this delightful ecclesiastic. Presently the sergeant walks up to the right reverend, and says-"My lord, good morning." How curious ! His lordship starts at this civil address, as old Hamlet's ghost might have done at the first sniff of morning air. " My lord," con- tinues the sergeant, " I think I have had the honour of seeing your lordship before. If your lordship has no very pressing business here just at present, I will trouble your lordship to come with me into the open air. It will agree better with you than this place." So saying, our sergeant, in bantering mood, to the astonishment of a few, but to the amusement of most of us, leads forth this meek bishop, who withdraws from his investiga- tions without a murmur. " Who'd have thought it?" cries one; such a respectable looking vaga- bond, too '- the Bishop of London himself never looked the bishop better." " What fellows those Detectives are," says another. 'Disguises wont go down with them." THE RAILWAY. -- The Secretary of State has in- timated his approval of the guarantee by the Go- vernment of a dividend of five per cent, on the first £100,000 of capital paid up on the Sydney Railway Company. - S. M. Herald, Oct. 9. 