CHURCH OF ENGLAND. MEETING OF THE LAITY. A PUBLIC MEETING of the Lay Members of the Church of England was held on Friday evening last, the 23d instant, at six o'clock, in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute in this city, for the purpose of taking into consideration the Minutes of Proceedings at a Meeting of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops ot the Province of Aus- tralasia, held at Sydney, from October 1st to November 1st, 1850, as published in the Colonial journals in January last, and other questions connected therewith. The Hall was crowded, and comprised a con sideiablc budy of clergymen of the Established Church. among whom we noticed the Rev. Dr. Redford, Senior Chaplain; Messrs- Burrowes, Davenport, Tancred, Eastman, Andrewartha, W. Mayson, Gurney, Norman, W. Bedford, T. H. Forster, Durham, Dr. Fry, R. Wilson and Bennett. Amougst the laity we observed, W. S. Sharland, J. Dun», junior, und Michael Fenton, Esquires, Members of the Legislative Council ; J. Hone, Master of the Supreme Court, C.Q.S.; \V. Sorell, Esq., Registrar of the Court ; Andrew Clark, Esq., Private Secretary of His Excellency Sir VV. Deuison ; T. Arnold, Esq., Inspector of Schools; Alexander Orr, R. W. Nutt, James Barnard, \V. Carter, VV. 6. Elliston, E. S. P. Bedford, Fielding Browne, H. White, W. Ker- mode, Nigel Gresley,-Woodcock, C. M. Max- well, J. G.Francis, J, D. Loch, Esquires; Drs. Butler and Crowther ; Cupt. Chalmers, and Major Cotton, Deputy Surveyor-General ; with many otbeis of the highest respectability and influence. Mingled in the concourse, we observed some of the leading Dissenters of the city. On the motion of Joseph Hone, Esq., T. J. KNIGHT, Esq., was called to the chair by acclamation. Having takeu his place the Chairman addressed the meeting as follows : MY FUIENDS,-We are assembled not certainly to debate or to decide upon intricate, delicate questions of doctrine, but simply to take into consideration the decisions and resolutions of the Australasian Bishops; yet, inasmuch as we may anticipate that subjects will pre-ent themselves intimately connected witli our Holy Religion and our still loved Church, it is most desirable that we should approach them with mindi influenced by the consideration that we speak in presence of God; should we not then invoke the presence and blessing of our Divine Master, and com- pose our thoughts by prayer. I will request Dr. j < Bedford lo lead us in our prayers. The Rev. Dr. Bedford having complied with the request, Mr. Knight resumed-" Most of you are probably more or less informed of the occasion that has brought us together ; our meeting has its origin from the Conference of the Australian Bishops in Sydney in October and November last; their decisions and resolutions were made known to the clergy in a neighbouring colony ; tlie clergy of Adelaide, at the suggestion of their Bishop, deliberated on them and spoke their minds ; the lay members of the Church of England too in Adelaide deemed it right to take the minutes into their, thoughtful consideration, and their deliberations resulted in cei tain resolution-!, which were adopted by a public meeting of members of the Church of England in Adelaide, which have been published. The clergy of the southern division of this Island in Chapter assembled have made the minutes of tliu Bishops the subject of an address to our Bishop ; und they are to form the subject of discussion this evening. It is delightful and refreshing to announce lo you that our cause (if so I may cull it) derives fresh and gratifying encouragement from recent proceedings at Melbourne, and from the harmonious correspondence tliat has passed between the beloved Bishop of that diocese and his clergy. The attention of the clergy of Melbourne was called by a circular fioin their Bishop to the minutes, with a view to the expression of their opinions thereon, and also with a view to their publication both in the colony and in England. I may say that the principle* cmliodied in their letter to the Bishop (and to which His Lordship's reply is most gracious and conciliating) are iii harmony with those which actuate the association recently formed in this country for maintaining the principles of the Protestant Kefoima tion ; and there ii much harmony in opinion between the clergy of Adelaide, the lay members of the Church of England in Adelaide, the Bishop of Melbourne and his clergy, and die opinions recently expressed by the Chapter of the Clergy of the Archdeaconry of iiubarton. It having been ascertained that a copy of (lie decisions and resolutions liad been forwaided to England, " willi a view to Imperial Legislation," a I strikingly deep and important interest was added to the subject ; and, having regaid to this circumstance, a great many laymen of this side of the island (5UÜ I believe) signed a requisition to the Bishop, respectfully requesting him to convene » meeting of tim lay members of the Church of England, to take the minutes of the Conference into consideration Mr. Knight then read tile letter from the Lord Bishop which appeared in the Courier of the I7lh Sustain, in which his Lordthip declined convening a meeting of the lay members of the Church to consider the minutes of Conference. The Chairman again resumed-His Lordship, you observe, declined to com* ply willi the request of the ItequUitioiiisls- and yet we ace assemuled. Allow me here to make two remarks:-We are free men; the usual recognised custom of Englishmen it lo assemble and io confer together on questions of general interest, face to face and in the face of tha world. Bul then the English are an orderly, methodical, and withal a loyal set of beings. We dstire to conduct everything fairly and above board ; wa delight (if it may be to) to have the sanction and countenance of some high constituted authority ; and with feelings and motives such at these, the Sheriff it often requested to convene political meetings. But what if the Sheriff were to refuse? Could any one imagine that the Sheriff's refusal would, or ought, to frustrai« tee purpose of til« requisitionists. But 1 may go further, and from a just and fair Inter- pretation of lb« documents before mc, I might gotha length of saying that, raluetant as th« Bishop of Tai* mania appeared, lo be instrumental in sanctioning our matting to exercise our private judgments on these mattera, notwithstanding bit unwillingness tu to act (upon the defective information he then possessed,) it is quite possible, and consistent with His Lordship's answer »hith 1 have read, to believe that if His Lord- ship had been truly and well informed, he mif(bt have called the meeting. The fact is, Hit Lordship wus not aware that the resolutions had been tent to England "with a view to Imperial Legislature." He says, (if words have meaning) that they were not ; and he puts forward that as a reason lor declining to convene the meeting; His Lordship writes us follows -*-" You further Hate ' that this report hat been transmitted lo England with a view to Imperial Legitlatuie.' I am really perplexed to discover what portion of the repott can have niven rise to such an opinion. All that the Bishops have themselves said upon the subject is, that they propos« " transmitting it to the Archbishops and Bishops of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland." You will upon refection admit ibat this is a I widely different thing from submitting it to . Imperial Législation,' or courting lb« supervision of tha two Houses of Parliament." Now, 1 ask, what lu all candour and sincerity is the meaning of that passage? Ingenuity can scarcely represent it to mean other than this-."'Iii« meeting that you desire is uot required by the occasion that you suppose; you think that th« resolutions were sent lo England with a view to Imperial legislation : but the fact it, that they were not sent to England with that view." Now, the fact is, that the Bishop is mistaken. It is a singular circumstance thal, whilst other Bishops in that conference did know the cause of their being convened, the Bishop of'lasmania was kept in ignorance of it s this appears from a letter written by Bishop Short, the contents of which only a day or two ago came under my observation. In a letter dated 21st January, 1851, the Bishop of Adelaide lays-" When I left Adelaide 1 was summoned by th« metropolitan Bishop to meet my brethren ..The proposed meeting was known to the Archbishop of Canterbury...And it wat called for by the legislation touching the Colonial Church in the Imperial Parliament." I tay, then, that if our Bishop bad been aware that the requisitionists had good reason fur what tbey alleged it it not impossible but that hit Lordship might have convened us; but, however that may be, I must for my own part protest, that 1 hope it may never be imputed as an offence in the community in which my lot is cast if a body of men, having first intimated to the constituted authorities their intention oT meeting for the considera lion of momentous matters should «Iterwards assert and exercise their undoubted right to assemble and to express their sentiments temper Hely, but freely, plainly, and firmly (as I trust that you will this evening), either with or without the permission-nay, even despite the pro hibition-of any spin tua! functionary ( Loud cheers ) I now commend you to the business of the meeting Hie following letter, addressed to the Chairman, had been received from U 0. Kermode, Lsq SID,-Private afluirs have unhappily occurred topreveDtme dom attending the Meeting of Hie I ay Members of Uie Church of England tobe held at Hobart town to-morrow evening But as I have taken a vcr> lively interest in the circumstances which have given occasion to tins proceeding on the part of tho lay membeis of the Church and mon. particularly in the object which it contempt ites-I c innot refrain fi em giving this publio exniession tuny sentiments . ". . . I will yield to no man ni my attachment to tho Chinch of England AI v eailiest au 1 holiest associations have been formed while worshipping God through 1|U ritual But m j attachment to her bus proceeded cbiefle ti oin my o miction that »be lecog uizes iu her standards wh it I bul I ti be. Uie truths ot the Word olGol And it Is bec lusL these ti utbs have been in my opinion, comuiomised and endungeicl by the proceedings of certain paules «ullin the Chut eli bei self that I paiticipnte fully in Hie ulm m which has led to the picsunt meeting I bold Hint no smecie member of the Cb nth who calmly consideis the character and aim of what has been going on amongst us can conscient ously lemmn silent or inactive I bave nluajs regui ded tho Church of England as fundamentally a Pi »testant Church, athel wise I cannot see K!I> she should Lavo sepniatcd from the Chin eli of Home ^oi coul I I honestly commue a member of tho Church of England if I did notbeheve bei to be piotestant But the events which have been taking place in England have awtkcnel mv deepest apprehensions on this head We lmvo seen not only tho outwai 1 i itual of the Chureh, but even her piotestant ductiines b ouj,ht moro und moto neal to thone of Itome until many »ho nue most nci'ne m promoting tho changes ended by j as mc, oici to the Komish Chinch U e have seen the sume pi ocess fcoing on an 1 having tho same termination in New South U ules an I it gi leves me to sa) that, there is too much reason to feai that lue sentiments and pi acticcs hawngtheso Komauisi ig tendencies exist in out own colony My fears have been coull incd by the late proceedings of the Episcopal S)nod at Sydney \\\ betucr the sentiments embodied in the published Minutos of the Synod, as the expiesseu opinions, oi as the decisions of the Bishops composing it, appears to me a matter of no moment whatever it ia enough for we that they ate their sentiments It must be the aim of those who entertain them to use all their authority and influence as Bishops to give them full effect in theil several dioceses lhey would uot bo sincere or consistent did they act otherwise Hut what is the evident tendency of these episcopal opinion» t W ill tiley uot, if carried into practice-as they are doubtless designed to be-bave the effect ol rendering the clergy of every diocese the mere slaves of the Bishop ? Does not the unseemly assertion of the doctrine of baptismal regeneration-in opposition to the decision of the Privy Coeiuoil, "eluding the Primate of all England-beyond all question identity the Bishops at Sydney with the Anglican party m England, and expose n» in the Colonies to all the evils which that party has too notoriously brought on the Church at homer There is one umnistakeable result which must follow from the adoption of the sentiments of the same Sjnod and which I especially déploie-I moan the limitation of the terms ot com mullion m our church It must lend to the setting up whut I consideran unscnptural standai I of oithodoxy the ellect ol which will inevitablj be to place man) whom I bute delighted in, as believing with me in the same bunour, under the odious ban of schismatics In such n postule of affairs I certainly think it full time for thehiy membeis of the Chuioh ul Lowland to beat» themselves It is the duty and puvilege of cieiy I rotttstant to lead his Biblo nndju lc,c lorhimscll \\\l ile we ai a to lendei all due respect to our ecclesiastical supen is it is no can in ol out Church to Ueliuve them infallible and »till lo»s ti I How them iu opposition to our solemn convictions Our first duty is to (íod und oui omi consciences It is my sincere and earnest pi ayci that ull ou pi uccediuj.s ILS lay members of the Church muy be con lucfd in a ti uly Christian spirit, and may, undoi the Divine blessing be the means ol ward ing off from our Church ni this colony the sei tous calamities which too plainly threaten it. CAPTAIN FENTON, M L C, fitst addressed the meeting. He remarked thut the peculiar state of the Church III this colony was such as of necessity called upon its members to enter upon the subjects which would be brought under their notice with Christian forbearance, deep consideration, and great humility. This waa a novel position for the lay members of the Church of England to take ; but he hoped it might tend lo promote the glory of God, and awake that true faith which is in us He only re- gretted that the short period of notice which he lind lecetved prevented his paying that dcip attention to the subject winch its importunée demanded , but, as be believed he liad a lively faith in that Church, the rights of tile members of winch bad been invaded, it behoved himself mid evety ont. to stand toi ward mut advocate the objects of the present meeting, for there never wus an occasion on which churchmen were so imperatively culled upon to exercise their judgment with respect to tho doctrines mid firmuliirus of the Gtiuich and he hoped some measures would be adopted which would give gcneril sutibtuctioii, mid do away with that dissemi m mid discord which has unfortunately been manifested I he resolution which, in futtlierauce of tins, object, lie hud to propuse wus us follows - 1 " Hint it Is the right and duty of the laity to express an opinión on the decisions of the Austrulnm Bishops put forth in the Minutes of Conference con- cerning the faith and practice of the Church, and ti) it in any ussetnbly for administration of the affair» of the t burch the lay members are entitled to express tbeir opinions, to propose measures for adoption, mid to deliberate and vote with the clergy. and that the re striction by the Conference of all deliberation! and resolutions respecting ' rules of practice and ecclesias- tical order,' and alto respecting ' the processes necessary for carrying such rules into effect,' to Synods composed exclusively of clergymen, is practically to exclude the laity from the exeicise of their right of being con- sulted in and of giving their consent to all rules and decisions concerning the faith and practice of the Church of which they ate members." Captain Fenton resumed his observations. He believed that every member of the Church of England entertained a proper, positive, and a reason, able conviction that they «rere not to take the doctrines of their Church on the authority of any human being whatever, but that they were to study the Scriptures for themselves. " Search the Scriptures," said St. Paul, " whereby to give reason for the faith that is in you." It was not right for churchmen to litten to any rules of faith and practice propagated hy any body of men. It was not their faith which would s.ivc us ut the last day, but the faith which is in us. This was the true principle of church piaciice; and all doubtful points of doctrine should be left clear and open, as too heavy fur our humble comprehension. There would then be no dissent amongst us. It is the creation of new doctrines and practices which promote these differences, and it is uur duty io defend our right to discuss these malteis in common with the clergy, and not leave it entirely with that body. In order to show the laity of Van Diemen 's Land the matters most desirable to take into consideration, he would refer to the decision arrived at by the clergy, the laity, and the Bishop at Melbourne. He should confine himself to those parts which bad reference to lb« present resolution. Ii was the 3rd paragraph, under the bead Diocesan Synodtor Conventions: " We are of opinion that one assembly, called a Diocesan Synod or Convention, should be duly con- stituted, that it should be duly presided over by the Bishop of the Diocese, and should consist of all the Presbyters of tbe Church having cure of souls or licensed by th« Bishop, and of Lay representatives from the ecclesiastical parishes or districts. There wat another paragraph embodying the follow, ing recommendation ut the clergy ; " That tlie Diocesan Synod or Convention, consist- ing of clergy and laity, should be the court fur the trial ot any pteshyter or deacon, bul that there should be a direct appeal from ii to the highest Ecclesiastical Court in England." The following was a paragraph from the Kight Uev, Bishop ot Melbourne's letter, under date 22nd April, Ic&l;, which he »as glad to lay before them : " I um happy, huwever, lo ohsene that upon the establishment ot a Diocesan Council, to consist both of Clerical and Lay Membeis, (wheihei tliey shall con. stitute one chamber ot two is in my opinion a matter ot subordinate importance) for the management, in conjunction with the Bishop, ol the locul affiiiis of the Church ; and also upon the placing of the clergy in the same independent position with their brethren in England, (the two most important piiuciplesluid down in our Minutes,) we are all perfectly agreed. '1 here is likewise very little, if any, difference between ut U|ion the important subject of education ; and none HI to the formation of Australasian Boards of Missions." It was not only of importance, th« spesker observed» to laymen of the Chuieh of Eugland to protest against tlie Minutes of Conference, but with respect to the clergy, what would be the certain results? Why, they would not be fiee agents-they would be compelled to preach, not according to their own convictions, but according to tbe direction of the head of their Church. With every respect fur the bead of bit Church, he should protest against such an aggression ; and would I further observe, that at many perwms lind deserted the Church of England, and joined communion with the Church of Rome, might it not be possible that one of a Romanising character might gel to the head of a Church? And with the probability of such an occur- rence, was it no1 the imperative duty of every staunch member of the Church of England to prevent, by all the lawful means within their power, such a con- tingency, more especially in the present stale of the Church, and the world, as witness the recent assump- tion of the Pope? He concluded by moving tlie resolution. JOHN DUNN, Esq., Jiwn., M.L.C., seconded tlie resolution, which was put from the chair, and adopted with one dissentient-Mr. Hall, one of the proprietors of tlie Hobart Town Ade rti^er, Ihn ball resounding with cries of" father Hall, 'Titcr, and the Pope.1' J. G. FRANCIS, Esq, after n few pre- liminary observations, proposed the second resolution, which was at follows:-' .. . , 2\. " That this Meeting regards with apprehension the Minutes of Bishops on the subject of Holy Baptism, put forth as the 'just interpretation of the formularles of the Church ot England respecting Hie Regeneration of Infants,' as tending to narrow the terms of commu- nion with, and admission into, our Church." Mr. Francis said they were called upon by the dictum which had gone forth from the Conference of Bishops at Sydney to vindicate their rights as church- men ; and while thus considering he would remind the meeting that there wus a superior power to that Con- ference, which had decided that the question of Baptism was an open question. The question had been taken through all the Courts of England, and had gone through the Privy Council, where that decision was given. The Australian Bishops had put forth in the Minutes of their Conference an interpretation of that Formulary in which, if ii »as nota dogmatical decision, he did not know what was such. Ile could not admit that the sins of the lather should descend for genera- tions upon the children. As a father ho should prutest ugaiiist the doctrine which insisted, that upon his omitting neglectfully, or however rcprehensively, to take his child before a clergyman so that the ritual of | the Church of England could be performed, his child could never be saved. It was no little thing which could have induced the lay members of the Church of England to have taken the resolution to come for- ward in public to express their reprehension of such doctrines as these, men whose retiring habits were not in unison with such scenes of agitation and public excitement. They felt that it would be sinful in the extreme to submit to dictums such as these. He himself respected the Church of England as the Church of his belief, as the Church of his fathers ; and if he was not so tenacious of his moral riuhts as he per- haps should be, yet if the Minutes of Conference were to be taken as the rule of that Church-if the dictum of Bishops as to the observance of the ritual, and as to the just interpretation of the scriptures, was to be the only rule of faith and practice, he no longer would be a member of that Church. MAJOR COTTON seconded the resolution, which was pul and carried with only one dissentient, as before JAMES BARNARD, Esq., in proposing the nest resolution, said: The resolution, Sir, which I have the honour to firopose is second to none in practical importance ; for t at once pointedly and emphatically condemns that passage in the Minulesot the Conference of the Bishops of Sydney which would seek to release the clergy from the obligation to perform religious services to persons who are not ol our own communion, who are not mem- bers of the Church of England ! Bul, before proceeding with further comment, I will place the meeting in possession of the "decisions and opinions" of the Bishops to which my resolution applies: .1(9.) MAKMACES.-(b.) We ore of opinion that ministers ot the Church of England ought not to solemnize marriage bet» een persons neither of whom is of our own communion, except in cases wheie the tnairiage cannot without extreme difficulty be solemnised in uny other way. " " II. MiNisTiiv TO DISSENTEKS- We are of opinion that the general principle ot colonial legislation by I which the equality of all religious denominations is recognised releases the clergy of the Church of Eng- land in these colonies from the obligation to perform religious services for persons who are not members of our own Church." There is another significant passage which it is neces- sary also to read in connexion with these, and which is deserving the most serious attention of every member of the Church of England ..IV. CIIUHCH AlEMDiasHiP.-We acknowledge as members of the Church of England all persons who, having been duly baptised, are conformable to the doe. trine», government, rites and ceremonies contained in the book of Common Prayer ; it being understood that they are entitled to claim at the hands of its ministers Pie rites and ceremonies of our Church so long as then shall continue conformable to the extent ubove required " Sir, I confess that 1 am altogether at a loss to com- prehend the grounds for the adoption of such an un- charitable-I might say, of such un unchristian resolu- tion on the part of the Conference; for it certainly breathes nothing of the principles of Christianity nothing of the spirit of the Divine founder of our reli- gion; but savours altogether ot that peculiar school of anti- Protestant theology from whence it evidently emunutes. To my mind, Sir, it affords proof--if addi- tional proof were wanting-in support ol the soundness ol the principle which bus this evening been contended for-the righi of the laity, to participate in the admin- istration of the affairs of the Church ; for sure 1 am. Sir, that the laity would never hu ve concurred in, never have sanctioned au evident violation ot all christian charity. No, Sir, nor would the clergy, I um convinced, have joined in this gratuitous outrage upon christian feeling, if they had been called upon to "pronounce" upon them ; and I am borne out in this declaration by the recorded sentiments of the clergy of South Aus trana in Weir auuress to the liisliop ot" Adelaide upon this very subject. With your permission, Sir, 1 will quote the passages : " LITURGY: -Marriage of persons neither of whom belongs to the Church-13. That whereas, up to a recent period, no marriages ol' Dissenters in England weie legal, unless celebrated according to the rites und cere- monies of the Established Church ; and whereas, at the present time the majority of Dissenting marriages aro so celebrated in the mother country, wo ure of opinion that no Australasian clergyman ought to refuse any parties who may apply to bun, though tiley be not mem- bers of our own communion." .? MINISTRY IO DISSENTKKS-14. That, while we are relieved from any legal objection to perform religious services for persons who are not members of our Church, yet, to guard againtt any misconception, me desire to express our readiness to afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, to any one who mag need or desire them." Sir, these ure proper cliristiun sentiments; and 1 am bold to ailinn thut they ure shared in by the whole body of the clergy of this diocese, with, perhaps, here and there a solitary exception. Having made these preliminary observations, I will now confine my remarks to the resolution as it applies, 1st, to Dissenters, mid 2nd, us it ulfeeia members of the Church of England. As to the first ol' these respects, I would observe, that I had always understood thal the " Church of Englund" was essentially Catholic in her servi.es, and evangelical in her doctrines ; that she comprehended all, and exclu- ded none from her doors ; thal the responsibility of those who joined in her worship rested, not with tile minister, bat upon the worshippers themselves. And I am here reminded, Sir, thal if there is one of the institutions more than another of the mother country which is endeared to an Englishman, it is the parochial system the poor man's church-the right which every man bus, however low his condition in the social »cale, to com- mand the services of his parish minister-who ii at once " his guide, his counsellor and his friend." Such, Sir, at least has been the theory. But now it seems that the Church of England is, by these " decisions and opinions," to quit this vantage-ground-to lose this distinctive character in these colonies for " nationality and universality," and to descend into the position of a mere sect; and should she become so, then, depend upon it, she would become the puniest and paltriest of sects! But, Sir, I am induced to ask, does not the Church of England possess within these colonies analo- gous arrangements as io "parishes und districts?" Are theie not clergymen appointed lo certain fixed local- ities?-and arc these clergymen to he exempted from the responsibility of attending to the spiritual necessities of those who reside within the spheie ol'their ministra- tions?-and ure they to be ni liberty to repulse any who desire to share in those ministrations? Has not our blessed Saviour himself graciously declared, " Him that coineih to me 1 will in no wise cast out? '-and shall it be s.iid that on account of some minute shade of differ ence on unimportant opinions, the Saviour's minister shull he held justified in refusing to any of liis people the holy rites of religion? le it because a fellow christian may not ugree willi us as to the exact distinction be- tween a piesbyter and a bishop, that the minister of the gospel is to deny him those spiritual consultions which our common humanity requires in its transit from the cradle to the grave? Sir, is it not si range, passing strange, that those who attribute such efficacy to bap* lism as to hold that by the opus operatum spiritual regen- eration is conveyed to the soul by that sacrament, and thai the ministers of their church-and they alone-are the autborised channels for the communication of this blessing; 1 say, Sir, is It not strange that these person» should themselves cast impediments in the way ol' the performance of so important a ministerial duty ? In one word, Sir, is not the spirit which gratuitously comes forward to restrain the exercise of charitable and christian offices on account of mere differences of opinion at once narrow- minded, intolerunt, and bigoted? And now, Sir, to consider this resolution as it affects members of the Church of England. 1 will again read the definition of'a church member, that its stringency may be discerned in all its length and breadth : "IV. CHURCH MKMBEKSIUF.-We acknowledge as members ol' the Church of England all persons who, having been duly baptised with wuter, in the name of the Father, Son und Holy Ghost, ure conformable to the doctrine, government, rites and ceremonies contained in the book of Common Prayer ; it being understood that they are entitled to claim at the hands or its minis- ters Hie rites and ceremonies ot our church so long only as they shall continue conformable to the extent above required " Had we not this in black and white, it would seem incredible that such a spirit as is herein manifested could reign within the bosom of our reformed church I What, Sir,' Is the clergymsn, when called upon to min- ister to a dying penitent, to begin by cross-questioning bim as lo his "conformltv to the doctrines, govern- ment, rites and ceremonies'' of the Church ? The Con- ference tells us that those alone who have thus conformed are entitled to claim religious services at the bands of its ministers. Then, Sir, if Ibis regulation were enforced, a person requiring spiritual consolation would be under the necessity of furnishing proofs of ritual observances-which few even of the ministers them- selves, I venture to say, could afford.'. Why, Sir, I will take upon myself to say, without fear or contradiction, v that there is scarce one single layman in our church who would not be unchurched by these " decisions and opinions." Nay, Sir, but I may go farther, and ssy, that there is perhaps not one clergyman In the whole diocese who could show that he had complied with all the " articles, liturgies, formularies, rubrics and canons ;" and consequently not one who, by this definition of church membership, could maintain any cluim to be considered a member of the Church of England 1 For instance, Sir, take the Prayer Book, the very first psge of «hich prescribes that the whole of ihe Morning and Eveniug Prayer should bereaddaily. Now, my reverend friend. Dr. Fry, (the distinguished ornament of our colonial church,) only, I believe, fulfils half this direc- tion ; and there are very many who neglect this alto pel her. Well, Sir, 1 go further still, and would *ety much question whether my lords the bishops themselves would not be deprived ot church membership by ilwir own definition I " Thar would moko a solitude, and call it PEACE I" In conclusion, Sir, I believe I speak the sense of the laity in expressing the deepest regret that the Bishops should have framed and promulgated such "decisions and opinions ;" for if the Conference had wished to furnish an excuse for intolerance, vindictiveness, or indo- lence-if they had designed to insult our Protestant brethren-if they iiad desired to bring odium upon the clergy, and fill every parish and district with religious discord, they could not have taken a more effectual meant than by the adoption of these "décisions and opinions 1" Sir, I beg to move the third resolution-" That in th« opinion of this Meeting, the resolution of the Confèr- ent, e which takes upon itself to dispense v with the obligation upon the clergy to perform religious tervicet to persons who ure not members of the Church of Eng- land Ii irrecoucileable with Christian charity." (The various points of Mr. Barnard's speech wera greeted with uproarious tokens of approbation.) W. CARTER, Esq., had attended without intending to address the meeting, but hu looked to on« thing with much regret. The laity of the Church of England were no doubt happy to see amongst them at a public meeting members of other religious denomina- tions ; it was however to be deplored that mor«attention had not been paid to the proceedings of th« meeting, especially as it had been opened with prayer. He was the more surprised at the want of decorum exhibited by some of the visitors, (Cries of put him out, cheers, &c.;) Referring to the speech of the last gentleman who had so lushed the dignitaries of the Church, Mr. Curler expressed an opinion that some restrictions ought to be observed- however the meeting might agree with the sentiments expressed-to repress the various signs of approbation or disapprobation which had been indulged i u. (Confusion. ) MR. HALL considered that the meeting was not competent lo enter into discussion upon the doctrine ol baptism. The laymen had the temporalities of th« Church, and had no reason to resort to clap-trap argu- ments in support of their claims. If there existed any necessity for enforcing those cluim«, let the lay mem- bers do it amongst themselves, and not be mad« the laughing-stock ot the community. (Here the confusion was increased). MR. C. W. HALL entirely agreed with what had been advanced by some of the previous speakers was a member of the Church of England, and had been so from the earliest period he could recollect, and would yield to nu one in that meeting in the staunchness of his regards to that Church ; but he thought tbat they would agree willi bim, thal the consideration of such subjects should be considered by members of that establishment alone. (Tokens of disapprobation). Not one-half of the meeting consisted of Chuichmen. He saw Wesleyans, 1'resbyterians, and Independents present ; and there were not one hundred Churchmen. Other denominations would not allow members of the Church of England to ¡nterlere in questions concerning their church government, and they had no right bete. (Cries of " Turn him out ") He repealed they hsd no right to be there-shouting Bill Shingle und Father Hull-it was u disgrace to the community. MU. E. S. P. BEDFORD advanced and called for a show of hands, for the purpose of showing th« incoriectness of the last speaker's assertion thal lb« meeting was principally composed of dissenters. Tha result bliowed a large majority of Churchmen were prêtent. The CHAIRMAN observed, that it would have been impossible to have put a test to each individual attending tile meeting, so as to ensure the attendance of none other than members of the Church of England. (Cheers). He had, however, no doubt that those gentlemen of other denominations who had found their way into the meeting would upon the slightest nuit refrain from entering too warmly into the dis» cussioii. Seeing, therefore, that it would have been morally impossible to ptevent their attendance, he trusted they would modify their expression of feeling, and not Iel it pass beyond the bounds. (Hear, hear.) The resolution being seconded by Nigel Gresley, Esq., was then put and carried unanimously. If. W. NUTT, Esq., said he hud been requested to move the next resolution, which he read: 4\. " That this meeting deprecates, us injurious to the mental independence and pastoral fidelity of the Clergy, and us contrary to the principles of the Protestant Church, tlie change which has been made iu the form of licences under which the Clergy in this Diocese hold their appointments, by the introduction of clauses, by one of which the Bishop reserves to himself the power to appoint and send any Minister whom he may direct to read, take patt in Divine service, and preach in any Church or at uny station to which the holder of the licence may from lime to lune be appointed and removed ;' und by the ulher of which the liishop reserves to himself the power of ' revoking the licence, and all things therein contained, whenever he shall see just cause for the same.' " If this resolution, observed Mr. Nutt, had treated of mutters of faith, doctrine or discipline, 1 should have declined to propose it from aconst- iousnessof roy inability to discuss such mailers effectively ; and indeed, plain ana obvious us is the truth ot the resolution, so strong is my reluctance lo depart Irom my ordinary beaten track, that I should not have ventured to appear here, if 1 bad not lelt it to be the duty of every member of our Church to lend his aid, however feeble, in maintaining the independence of the clergy in their hour ot need. I shall, perhaps, best introduce the subject matter of the resolution, and the very few observations which I intend to make upon it, by reading first the old form of licence used in the colony, and then the more recent form introduced by our Bishop. (Mr. Nott then read! two forms of licences, describing the original form M the same in substance as that issued to the deacons and stipendiary curates in England, so ihst a minister having . been ordained a priest in England, and having obtained a priest's licence, would formerly be compelled oil bia arriving in this colony not to accept the licence Issued io deacons, of which however » e did uot now complain ; but he would now be compelled lo accept u licence containing clauses reserving to the bishop the power to semi another minister into the incumbent's church and pulpit for any term the bishop thought fit ; and also the power of revoking the licence altogether, not for any just cause of offence proved againtt the incumbent, not even for any such cause assigned, but whenever ne, the bishop, should see just cause for the same; in other words, whenever hu thought (it to do so.) He continued Tile resolution »flinns thut the introduction of these clauses is injurious to tlie mental independence and pastoral fidelity of the clergy ; and 1 conceive the truth of this proposition to be so self-evident, that if it were not usual, and generally desirable, that the mover of » resolution should support it by a declaration of his own views and opinions upon the subject to which it refers, I should content ni)self with reading the licences in juxtaposition, and then this resolution, and rely only for ?is support upon that natural sense of justice inherent in Englishmen. The first objectionable clause is that by which the bishop reserves to himself the right to send any other minister lo read and take pan in Divine service and preach in any church to which the incumbent may be appointed. Now, Sir, without entering upon any dis- cussion of the differences between tractarian and «van* gelicul ministers, I think 1 may safely affirm that they are of the most important, essential, and fundamental character; creating in fact so great a difference be* tween the two, that he who entertains the one opinion cannot in his conscience regard ihe other as sound-and 1 would then ask, how any independent minister could tolerate the introduction into his pulpit, even for . Sab- bath, of a minister dispensaiing among the people doe« trines which the incumbent in his conscience believes to be unsound and dangerous? He is then placed in one of these conditions; ho must either stifle his scruples and tolerate the propagation of untruth among bia con- gregation, or he must oppose their introduction, and thereby incur the risk of being deprived of his licence for that which the bishop may consider to be an unlaw- ful resistance to his authority, and therefore a just cause of dismissal. And thatbringsmetolhesecondobjectiorU ?able cluuse.namely, the power id revoke the licence when- ever the bishop shall see just cause for the same. The only difficulty that I feel in dealing wlttuhls partof the résolu* lion arises from the fear which somejwpple may enter- tain that it necessarily eastman imputatioaon the bishop. Now, Sir, 1 contend thst such an implication is not necessary, and as the mover of the resolution beg most distinctly to be understood as disclaiming any intention to cast th« slightest imputation upon his lordship's motives ; but I beg as distinctly to state-and in doing so 1 speak th« opinions of many thinking men here that, although th« bishop may consider the end which he setks to attain by this« changes to be good, and that it Is accessary to attain that «nd-the means by which he proposes to do so sr« arbitrary and Injudicious. I will assume that the «nd proposed It the maintenance of an actlv«, miras, «nd faithful body of clergy t and I deny that such «nd will be attained by th« means proposed. l*t th« bishop rather direct his attention to th« cha rsctSTs of candidates for ordination ; to th« nature of their education; to their previous habits, pursuits; their qualifications. Intellectually and physically, for the office they desire to assume. Let him, subsequently to their ordination, discourage all tendency to regard mere forms and observances as of equal or greater importance than the dally ministrations of the parish priest. Let him, sa vacancies occur, promote the active and aealous minister to a mor« extended sphere of usefulness, even although their opinions »pou minor and non-essential points of discipline, or even of doctrine, may not exactly tally, and although the minister may have the honesty to say so; and I venture tu assert that there will be no want of faithful men in the ministry. I would, more* over, observe, thst no other Protestant ministers require the restraints sought to be imposed on ours ; and if 1 should be told thal the lay members of Dissenting com- munities have In effect the same control over their ministers, which I am by no means prepared to admit, I would refer to the Scotch Church, equally an estab- lished church with our own, in which I find that the ministers are controlled by the moral force of the pres- bytery alone. Assume, however, that occasionally a worthless minister will be found-for such things happen In all churches,-and I would then contend, that upon the principle that it is better to leave unpunished a hundred guilty men than to punish one innocent mau unjustly, It would be better and safer to let such unwor- thy minister remain in the state of degradation to which his own mlicondurt will have exposed him, rather than brand and coerce the whole body of our clergy by such a licence as this. It Is clear that no mau of Indepen- dent mind can hereafter accept such a licence, and I would therefore consider their effect upon the present body of incumbents, for it Is sought to be imposed upon all alike, and Is not confined, as untruly stated out of doors, to descons and to chaplain! at convict stations. It will be admitted that perfect independence of mind is necessary to pastoral fidelity, and we may therefore fairly inquire whether a minister thus exposed to sudden dismissal at the mere will of his bishop, and for no cause of offence shown or proved, can even form, still less«sprcss, an honest and independent opinion. It h.is fallen to my lot in early days to have seen very many old Crown grants «nd licences to appointments and offices, and I dare say that you, Sir, have seen such, and you will therefore be enabled to correct me if necessary, when I say that even In the early and arbi- trary leudal times it was usual, as it was decent, to reserve the right to revoke a grant or licence for some cause of forfeiture or offence not only assigned but proved; and here I would call the attention of'the meelina particularly to the fact, thal this licence is not revocable for just cause, but whenever the Bishop shall see just cause for the same. Now, I say. Sir, under your correction, that thii is a violation of the well kuown English rule, that a man shall be presumed innocent until be is proved to be guilty. Shall we extend this rule lo every unhappy prisoner tried for a second offence in this colony,-shall not our Clergy have the benefit of it? Look at the military and naval services can an officer holding a commission or warrant be dis- missed by his superior without trial? Cun everaprivate be punished without trial ? Look at the Civil Govern- ment-irresponsible though it is to a great extent in the Colonies-does not even that Government generally institute an enquiry before dismissal? We hear much of th« evils ol transportation to these shores. We hear that a colonist going to a distant land is branded as it were, «nd that even in the neigh- bouring colonies he is regarded with tupición until he Is well 'known. This is doubtless caused to a great es. tent by exaggerated statements of our social condition ; but I ask you t« ««nsider seriously whether we shall crown and confirm thes* statements by allowing it to go forth to th« world, that «ven th« ministers of our Church require restraints which would not be Imposed upon thin» In any other part of the Queeu's dominions. Hesr what Mr. Gladstone, the English banister and the reputed friend ot our Bishop, said ot these matters in the English House of Commons so late as May last. "He sought not by any positive enactment, but rather by suggesting privat« arrangements and rules among tbe members of the Church of England tbtmselves, to put an end to the causes of controversy and animosity. And. again, he was far from recommending that any attempt should be made to transfer to these colonies the principles upou which the English Ecclesiastical Courts were founded. Such count could not be appli- cable to colonies For these reasons he thought that, by the agency of a private association-.able to enforce Its own rules, as far as they were nut iiicnn»istcni with the law ot the colony, or of the Mother-country, the place of Ecclesiastical Courts might, to a useful extent. bo sapplled." And, lastly, he says, " It the members of th« Church of England were not able to do that for themselves which th« Roman Catholics, th« Presby- terians, tb« Independents, and lb« Bnpiittidld for them- selves, the Parliament of England could not help them " Lastly, gentlemen, I regard the exercise of the power given by this form of licence as a violation of the well known constitutional rule thst neither the conduct, the character, tke lil« or th« property of a free man shall be affected without a trial by his «quals. Sir Wm. Blick stone« not an «a|ioundsr only «I many legal rules, but the «rest constitutional lawyer, say« in his valuable work which Is placed in the hands ol English gentlemen as the expositor of their right* and duties;-" That it Is «ne of th« principal bulwarks of our liberty asserted and confirmed by Magna Charla. That a knowledge of this right it mott absolutely ne- cessary for every gentleman In the kingdom, as well because he may be frequently called upon lo determine th« rights of his fellow-men, as because his own property, bis liberty, and his life depend upon it. That it Is much more conducive to the clearing up of truth than the private and secret examination in writing taken down before an officer or his clerk in the Ecclesiastical Couria, where a witness will depose to thst lu private which he will be ashamed to speak pub- licly, and where an artful examiner, not giving a wit- ness an opportunity of correcting or explaining his meaning if misunderstood, may make him speak what h« never meant;" and speaking of what be terms new and arbitrary methods of trial, Sir Wm. Blackstone .ays, ** however convenient these may appear at first, as doubtless «II arbitrary powers well executed are the most convenient,-yet let it be again remembered that tb«M inroads upon the sacred bulwark of the nation are fundamentally opposite to the spirit of our constitution ; aad though began in trifles tbe precedent may gradually increase and spread, to the utter disuse of the open mode of trial in questions of the most momentous concern." Now, Sir, if Sir Wm. Blackstone, whose only reproach wss that of being too conservative, was com- pelled to write thus «ven in the last century.whai would he have said in this less conservative age of that slate of things in which our ministers of religion may be deprived of means and character, not only without just cause assigned and proved too, but even without any cous« assigned? And that the revocation of a licence has this effect is clear from the fact that employment in th« same Diocese is out of the question, and in another Diocese equally so, the rule being that no minister from one Diocese shall be employed in another unless he can produce the certificate or have receipt of his former Diocesan ; and we must here re- member that Sir Wm. Blackstone in speaking of a trial by a man's equsls meant anything but that misera- ble substitut« for it wbicb I understand has been promised to the Clergy within the last forty-eight boars, in the shspe of an enquiry before two or "three ministen equally dependent with themselves upon th« breath of the Bishop for the time being. I know that a large number of the Clergy are looking to the laity for assistance and protection at this juncture; the presence of many of them here would also tend to show that, and that it is our duty not to desert them, for although ther« msy be some few who have not the courage to object to this foi m of licence, there can be scarcely one who would not desire tobe free from it. I know, Sir, that it is not fashionable, and that with som« it may not be deemed quite orthodox, to question th« propriety or any measure propounded by the Bishop ; batí know also that there is in this community a larg« number of right thinking men, who believe to b« onlv kind to th« Bishop and just to the Clergy it to assist th« latter in preserving their independence. I ha«« heard frequent references of late to the shifting and changing times in which we live, and to the ne- cessity of Inculcating that child-like docility and sub saissiv«n«ss which are said to have characterised our fimfelh«rst and I ha«« beard the sacred right of private judgment which was secured to us at the Reformation, and which w« basw «var sine« enjoyed, spoken of iros» la« pulpit with a snswr ; «nd iu th« same breath with heresy, infidelity, and continental anarchy and naolaiion, as if It wm something nsw and terrible. Now, «r, I tak« isa«* to say that It Is th« deliberate .pinion oT th« msrnbers of Uw Church or England g-trslly. that th« gentleman who thus apeak are them «slv«s lb« innovators, by UM» attempt to substitut« rituals smd cérémonies for practical dallas; and th* chlfd-lik« docility and submlasivenesi which they would Inculcate Is bat anotbvr term for th« blind surrender of that same tight of privat« judgment to their guidance and dicta ii«»,-« SUM of things not very likely lo be realised among stirring and actlv« colonists at the present day. (Mr. Nutt was often Interrupted by warm tokens of apptwbm lim. ) , AUttANBrBB ORR, E«4., «eoonded the reso IsHkW Hi« sinusitis li. h« «aid, was an exceedingly legi itsssws ««a. «a« ayssstJon bad arisen in which the laity of f» Obis» bf -Eaglaod' wat« deeply concerned. The «Waits»» m avj smsi «W'swt «all tipoatbcm whan con «4sM«cU>s4r Mramtaa, bat Ussy bad wroU unto their Bishop o come to their meeting; nnd he extremely regretted to say that his Lordship had not availed him- self of the offer they had made. The case was different, however, In England; for he remembered when a meeting was about lo he held at Islington, Bishop Wilson, then the Rev. Daniel Wilson, did not decline to convene it, but attended also himself. It was very well known that the cause of the present meeting originated In the general feeling or disappointment wnich prevailed, not only upon other points, but at the powers which were about to he exercised over their ministers. I'he Bishop, up to this time, had had It all hit own way. He had the management of the Hutehins School, and the supremacy of the College ; and had not » very merciful Interference taken place at the latter establishment, the evils resulting from that supremacy would have been insupportable. The recurrence of such events was now held in check, he was piad to say, bv the establishment of the High School. But as they did not live in Turkey, they had met to devise measures Jo obtain n just control in those matters which more immediately concerned them. Some of us, he ««id, may be desirous lo bring up our sons to the minisiry. Now, could we think that tiley could preserve their independence if the liishop had the power of abrogating their licence» whenever hu should think fit? And what, gentlemen, might |)e the conséquences of the Bishop's poner? The ßistiop of this rolony, ni some future period, may be a Puseyite ; mid nt any time, according to the wording of tho present licence";, take any minister out of his pulpit, and he may fill nu tho vacancy by a minister holding the doctrines of Papacy. It is vety hard, indeed, if the ministers were not sup- ported against this assumption-that men, many of them better than himself, should be displaced tit the will of any Bishop. He had intended to have said more upon the subject, but he thought that tho previous speaker had been and looked over his brief. Mr. Orr concluded by urging the importance of defending the efforts of the laity mid elerey in support of the faith for which our forefathers suffered, mid hoped that Churchmen would not be found wanting to watch over their religious interests al the needful time. (Cheers.) Mr. Hall again expressed his dissent with the mover ofthe resolution ; and Mr. Elliston observed there was no gentleman whoso opinions he respected ?nore than Mr. Nutt's, as he was fully .iwate of the sterling qualities of his mind and character : but with reganl to the observations he had made with respect to tin'different forms of licences, he (Mr. Elliston) did not think one clergyman held a licence which was drawn up in the old form-at least he did.not know of one. [Hele several Clergymen interposed and said they held them.] Mr Elliston observed, that the Rev. Dr. Bedford did not hold one. Tlie Rev. Dr. Bedford said, " I do." Mr. Elliston-You hold a Royal Licence, which I believe can be superseded any time by n stroke of the pen. Dr. Bedford-I don't hold a Royal Licence! mine is one of the old ones, and I will have no other (Cheers.) Mr. Elliston stood corrected, but he believed upon examination they would find that the licences the liishop is desirous to introduce were piecisely similar in form to those under which the Indian Clergy hold their situations. This was originally a portion of the Diocese of Calcutta ; and in point of fact, His Lord- ship was only returning to the old form. Ile also thought that to» much stress lind been laid upon another point, ns to the desire of die Hilltops to main- tain absolute control over the clergy ; tiley would find that the Bishops did not propose to exercise II deposing power until a clergyman had been tried befóte his Peers. He ditl not get up fur the purpose to express disown feelings upon the subject, beyond reminding them that no notice had been taken of the fact that the new licences were precisely similar to those issued by Bishops Heber, Wilson, &c.; Mr. Nutt, in reply, was quite aware of the truth of Mr. Elusion's observation. He was right The new licences weie iu the form formerly used in India, and they were issued to itinerant gentlemen, who when travelling about the country, from business or inclination, had no objection lo act as the Company's Chaplains, receiving in retuin payment fur the same. He, Mr Nutt, might he induced to admit thai a pro- vision enabling them to be superseded might in these cases be properly introduced ; but was it seemly, he would ask, to have such a contingency impending ovir the heads of ministers-lo fix them inn mine dependent situation l lian the protestant priests of England-should we thus degrade the friends of our families-ilic falliera of our native youth? (Cheers.). The resolution was then pul from the chair, and curried unanimously. E. S. P. BEDFORD, Esq., rose to address the meeting, und said he approached the subject with difficulty ; bul if any ol his remarks should appear to be severe, to guard against misconception be would inform the meeting that his desire was to see all respect und deference paid to episcopal authority ; yet never, thcless he mould maintain, that unless the clergy were in a position of independence they would be nothing better than slaves, and they themselves could never rely upon their teachers if trammelled in the slightest degree. The resolution which he had the honour to propose was in the following terms i 6\. " That the Address respecting the Minutes of Con feience, which was adopted by the Chapter of the Archdeaconry of Hobiitton at the Meeting held in March lust, is a vindication of tile rights and independ- ence of the Clergy and Lay Members of the Church ; and that the moral courage displayed by the Ministers, under their peculiar position, in the adoption of that Addicts, entitles them to the gratitude, respect, and supportof this Meeting, und of the Church in general." The meeting to which the resolution referred was called together by circular ; and us some misapprehension had existed upon the subject, he begged to say thut it was, not a meeting of rebellious clergymen showing rebel- lious murks of defiance. It wus no such thing. The meeting of the Chapter was convened by the Arch- deacon of Hobart to consider the Minutes of tlie Con- ference ul Sidney. 'Hie Archdeacon had mi address prepared tor their approval, but fortunately for Churchmen it uppeured thal he had around him a body of clergy «ho, notwithstanding the uncertain tenure of their licences, would not tumely sit down and sacrifice their OH ii rights mid the interests of the- laity, and adopted another address us an amendment by a large majority. It was their duty, unless morally convinced that the decisions and opinions ofthe bishops «ere correct, lo protest »gainst ihein, and they had done so the result was this meeting; mid the measures adopted by the laity will ultimately tend to settle the Church question in this colony. It had been held, Mr. Bedford observed, that the laity of ihe Church of England lu these colonies hud no right to be consulted in reference to mutters of doctrine or discipline in the Church of which they «ere members. Though contrary to the decision of their Bishops, the loy members held they had that righi ; mid had not the laity of the Church ol' England in the Mother Country the controlling voice ill all mnlters affecting her welfare? Hud they not the framing of all laws upon lhe< subject? In the highest affairs of the Church, und on all questions concerning it, even the erection and endowment ol Bishoprics, »ho wus it who took the subject into consideration, and decided upon its rejection or udopliou? Why, the luy members of the Church sitting in the Houses of Lords and Commons. The Peers of, the ltealni, lay members of the Church, sitting in concert with the Spiritual Peers, and in the Lower House tlie represen- tatives of the people entirely confined to lay men only ; for it was known that so strict bud the principle been carried out, thut it was expressly provided that all persons in holy orders should hu ineligible to »it therein. Tile great questions brought before the Imperial Parliament with reference to the Established Church of England and Ireland were decided by this body in connection with the body in the- Upper House; and thus the laymen of tlie Church und their clergy were represented. But the Church of England was not the sole Church established by law in thiscolony ; and we were debar I ed the representative principle conceded in England. But although ne are thus lett to our own resources, arc we, the speaker enquired, to submit to the decisions of the Conference of Bishops on pointsof faith and practice -are we to submit to any measures which will destroy the independence and the usefulness of our pnstors ? If we do so we shall no longer be members of the Church of England- we shull belong to the Church of Australia! Mr. Bedford insisted upon the necessity of the laity of the Church of England enlorcing their opinion that no clergyman should be removed from his pulpit without trial. He illustrated this proposition by referring to the conduct of tlie Bishop of Peterborough, who had deposed two curates one alter the other-the severity of the measure, as Sydney Smith said, making up for the rarity or ii. '1 he wording of the new licences issued by the Bishop distinctly and positively reserved the power of depriving the ministers holding them of. their pulpit at any time he, the Bishop, should think fit ; and what must be the amount of moral courage possessed by those men to refuse to adopt the address of the Archdeacon? Did they not know, in effect, that the Bishop was the patron of all the livings in the diocese ? It was the duty of the laity, Iherefore, to support the clergy in resisting such au attack, and to support the tenure of their offices : and the meeting would feel more convinced of the urgent necessity which existed lor immediate action . when tiley recollected that in the charge which had been delivered a few hours since, special reference had been made to a Deacon who had re-fused to sign the address of the Archdeacon, and had presumed to sign the evangelical address in common with the majority of his brethren ; and reference had been made more particularly to his presumption, because he hud on application for admission to Priest's orders been put back for the probationary period of three years by the Bishop, two of which were not yet expired. That Deacon because be had the honesty and moral indepen- dence to append his signature lo the address, most in accordance with the dictates of his conscience and re- ligious feeling, was labouring under the ban of episcopal displeasure. Let me(said the speaker,) tell you one ojher thing of which no notice was taken, but which Ithflkit right and proper that you should know. That deacon was summoned in common with his brethren tothearchi. diaconal chapter, for the purpose of giving in his adhe- sion to the principles expressed in the archdeacon's address (hear, hear.) Mr. Bedford continued at some length to instance the evils which would result to the Church in general from the undue exercise of episcopal authorily, and the Importance of an Improved parochial system in connection' with the Church of England in this colony, referring also, and quoting Lord Bacon, as to the rights and privileges of laymen and the general constitution of the Church ; and concluded bjyj*jsjting that ii »as for the nieetinglo show those clergymen »ho would by the morrow leave town for the respective spheres of usefulness assigned to them, that they have the confidence and the gratitude of the lay members of the Church for the noble- mid determined stand they have made in defence of her faith mid principles. The Church of England in this colony must stund or full by this decision ; mid if they would see the Church in this colony tho same in failli, in due-trine mid practice, us the Church of England-if they were desirous to become members of that Church, the* reformed church ol their fathers, und not of the church of Australia, tiley musl support the clergymen mid enable them to maintain unfettered opinions. By doing this and pintiiotiiig the establishment of an increased and. efficient parochial system, the Chinch of England in this colony would grow up in increased vigour and manhood. \V. KERMODE, Esq., formerly Member of the Legislative Council, seconded the resolution with all his heart. The resolution «vos carried. T. DOBSON, Esq., M.A.)sic), St- John's College, Cambridge, Mathematical Master High School, rose and submitted the following resolution :- 6\. " That the alarming prevalence of teaching and proceedings of a Romanising tendency, and the numerous defections of Ministers of the Church of England, have rendered necessary the formation of the 'Church of England Association for Maintaining in Van Diemen's Land the Principles of the Protestaut Reformation ;' and that this Meeting and the Members of the Church generally are called upon to afford their sealous support to the Association, especially in the most important objects of maintaining the proper independence of tile Clergy, and of obtaining for the Laity an equal partici- pation in the administration of the affairs ofthe Church." The observations, he said, which I have to make on this resolution I shall us much as possible subject to condensation, in order to save tlie time- ofthe meeting, although they may probably become a little* stronger by the process. In opposing teaching mid proceedings of a Romanising tendency, I um not going to full foul ofthe Pope and thuavou-cd and conscientious professors ofthe Uoman Catholic pcisuasion. This is a trick uf the- I'useyile-s, «vin» have incited the peoplo ul hume to do so, in order to divert attention from their own per- nicious practices and doctrines. (Cheers). I think lim Pope lins really done a good woik by supplying n strong antidote to the poison administered to the Church by the Oxford quacks. Neither do wo quarrel with the Puse-yites merely because tiley hold opinions dif- ferent from ours. We accord freely lo them the exer- cise of the sume right of private judgment ns we claim for ourselves. But their offence- consists ¡it this-that, while they are in heart Roman Catholics, tlie-y prefer to be members of the Church of England, retain her livings, and, by their insidious teaching, try gradually to undermine and supplant her good Protestant prin- ciples. Au open opponent we may respect; button skulking enemy who rails under false colours and shows false lights, we cry " no quarter " 1 hope the next news from home will convince us that Lord John Russell's letter was not u meie flash in the pan, but that it hat been followed by some good heavy shot. (Cheers). I feel, sir, that I linvo a difficult duty to peifoim, and therefore I be-peak the forbearance of the meeting. I have to show that good gtounds existed for the formation of the Association mentioned in the resolution; and it is not easy to do this without giving personal offence. We have to deal willi principles and not with men, but it is difficult to sepurutc- them. It is míe I might convey my iiieuniug by vague and indistinct allusions, but I have ies>l«ecl io Maud tile consequence* of p.ain speaking. My daily avocations convince- me ihm the-most direct wavfrom one point to nnnthei is a straight line. 1 understand Unit the- UMiop in his charge je-sterday assailed our Association with u sunni ol vntuous indignation. This is unaccountable. Are Protestant principies uupalaluble to a liishop of the Church ol' England ? Are» tiley «t it discount here? Or are the-y unworthy of being maintained ? (Cheers). Every niau 1 meei und converse with seems to believe that Puse-yism, either latent or open, exists amoiigtt us. But yet the Bishop denies that any proceedings mid leaching of a Romanising tendency are lo be found amongst his clergy, and by letter calls upon the Association for proof. Now this denial amounts to nothing, unless Hie Bishop and we aie agreed upon what constitutes such proceedings and teaching. Does he deny the esiitence of Puseyiie piinciples and prac- tices umoiigst us? Does be repudiate Apostolical Succession, that keystone ofthe arch of Tractariamsm ? Docs lie acknowledge- the right of private judgment in the clergy mid laity ? Does he leave baptismal Regeneration un open question ? Does he tluow over- board the Fathers mid tradition, mid take Holy Scrip tuie- us the sole rule-of faith and pruclice, in accordance with the titi» Article? Lastly, does he denounce Theuphiiusi Anglicanus? No1 Then this denial is a gratuitous insult to our undemanding mid judgment. Now, what is the cause ol' the unseemly squabbling mid contradictory teaching in «mr Churches? Why ure the sheep of the fold scattered? Is it nut the Chief Pastor himself who lias brought the plague among the-flock ? (Cheeis.) 1 will now, with your permission, leud nu extract or two from the Liishop's charge delivered to the clergy, in Hobart Town, al the Primary Visitation in April, 18-Ki. Ali I I was at Cambridge then, mid know well what the l'use)iles were doing at hume. The Bishop says:-"lilias often happened thut the colonial clergy have been slenderly experienced in the ways and usages mid discipline of our Mother Church. Wherever and whenever this has been the case, is it the part of a colonial Bishop to complain, if haply he should find, upou his arrival, that till things me not quite as he would wish to have Iheni ? Is it his to find hasty fault, if lew amongst the clergy have kept even pace with the extiaoidiiiuiy t-neigy thal has latterly marked the efforts of the Chuiuh at home-if few hate gone hand in band with that icvived attention lo the too lung dropped usages of a strictly Catholic cliatacter which bus recently distinguished it ?'* Here- I would lemiud you of the mummeries recently practised at Hi. burilabas, Pimlico. Again, speaking of his anxiety that the real discipline of the- .Church should be gradually cal lied into piactice bete, the Bishop says : "1 hove used the- wold 'gradually,' from the convie lion that much mischief may he- done- here, its has been the- case in Eiiglund, and that the cause of ecclesiastical refniin may be not merely retarded, but absolutely (nought into disrepute-, by indiscreet or over-hasty leal. 1 um persuaded that thus many angry feelings may be exe-lied, which u gentler course would never have brought into play ; tiny, that the jealousy, not of weak consciences only, but even of strong minds, may be aroused, by endeavours on the- part of the elergy to make that reform the ill-arranged work of weeks which should be the growth of circumstances, the result of patient, wutchful, systematic teaching ; in one word, the work of yeais," Now, calling to mind the great activity of the Tracturians in England at thal lime, what could the assembled clergy think of these* directions? und when we consider how much their licences place them in the power of the liishop, is it not wonderful that they ure not all Puseyites? Very soon after this Puseyiie hooks began to be circulated in the colony ; the book I hold in my baud is inscribed lo a friend of mine, " with the Bishop of Tasmania's kindest regards, July, 18J0," or about two months alter the delivery of the cliaige. (Loud cheers). lu title is Theophilus Anglicanus, or Instruction for the Young Student concerning the Church, and the Anglican branch of it, by C. Words- worth, D.D., and late Head Master of Harrow School, third edition, 1845. The three branches of the true Church, we shall see, are the Anglican Church, and the Greek and Romish Churches I This book is so full of rank Popery that it ought to be publicly burnt by the common hangman. Harrow school fell off so rapidly tinder Wordsworth, the author . of h, that he was speedily «pieced by a bettet man. Theophilus Anglicanus is one of the chief text-books of the Puseyites, and has been very efficient in making converts to Rome. Observe that the Puteyites abhor that name. They call themselves Anglican». The piinciples of the sect were first set forth in ninety Oxford tracts, making five volumes: hence the name Traclarian. These tructs were suppressed by authority on the publication of the90th. These men ure remaik uble for shuffling mid explaining away any inconvenient charge. Ouc of the great principles advocated in the Tracts is " Reserve in the communication of religious truilis." 'This renders diiect proof difficult-they elude ' you, y ou don't know where to have them. ( Renewed cheers ) I ? shall now read a few extracts from Theophilus A ngllcanus. Bear In mind that what h here called "the Church" it composed of three branches, the Anglican, the ltomisb, and the Greek churches. "Question.-How is the Church thus Caiholle or universal ' Answer.-In respect of time, as enduring throughout all ages, from the beginning lill the end of the world. In respect of place, as no1 limited, like the Jewish Church, to one people, but at comprehending those of all nations who are in the main points of religion one and the same. In respect of Faith and Practice, as teaching all truth ; as requiting obedience alike from all ; and as administering,by God's appoint- ment, all bia meena of spiritual grace. Q.-Aro the members of any particular church (foi «sample, of the Church of Rome) rightly called Catholics ; and is the Church of Rome lightly called the Catholic Church? A.-Being members of the Church of Christ, the members of the Church of Rome are Catholics, a* tile Members of the Greek Church, or of the English Church, 'are Catholics, and no more; and not as opposed'to either. The Church of Koine ¡s a part of the Catholic Church, as the Church of Greece and the Church of England is; but neither the Church of Koine, noi the Church of England, nor the Greek Church, nor any other particular Church, is the Caiholic or Universal Church, any more than a branch is a tiee, or a hand is the- whole body." Now, I ask, what is to become of all Christians who do not belong to one of thou three Episcopal Churches? Where are they lo go? it's of no use mincing the maller I Again-" On salvation only in the Church. Q.-If we desire to be saved, is ii necessary that wa should be member« of the Church? A.-Ii ¡91 Q -But may there not he more than one Church in which salvation is offered? A.-¡Va!" That clinches it I Talk of Christian charily after this ! No» for the right of private judgment. *"Q- But authorised expositors may err ; am I then to follow them in their erior? A.-No. Q. -Am I then to make my own mind the judge, whether they are in error; and if not, tu what texts of doctrine am I lo appeal? A. -It is not our own private judgment, but first Holy Scripture as received, guarded, and Interpreted by the Catholic Church,fmm the beginning, "aecoiding to the proportion of faith," and next, the consent of the Chuich herself, speaking in her Public Expositions, Ciccds-, Councils, Liturgies, Confessions, and writings of her early Fathers, Bishops and Doctors, in the Hule of faith to which the teaching of ¡mil. vidunls ¡s to he referred." No I I Miy, Holy Scripture is the sole Rule of Paiih, for I stand hy llieGth Aiticle, " Holy Scripture coiilaiueth all things necessary to salvation, so that whatsoever is not read therein, H or may he ptoved thereby, Is not to he required of any man, that it should he believed as au article of the Faith, or necessary to salvation." Away then willi the Fathers and Tradition too, until their authors can be shown to be infallible I (Continued Cheers). Ile then claims for the Priests of the Church of England,' (or, 1 would say, for her Ministers, for lum no believer of Apostolical succession), the power of the keys, of binding mid loosing, of admitting into mid excluding from the Kingdom of Heaven. Again the ,' Church of England asa Church is as old as Christianity. She became Protestant at the Reformation, in order that she might he more truly Catholic; and if Home will become truly Catholic, then the Church of England will cease to he Protestant. The Church of England did not separate herself from the Church of Home. Q-«Was the Protestant Church visible before the llefoimutiou.-A. Yes, the Church of England has been always visible, not indeed us Protestant, but as a branch ot the Catholic Church." Now, this is the book which the Bishop distributed then as a present to his filendsl Couple these facts und doctrines with tlie directions given in the Charge to the Clergy, and we may easily und truly infer what were the. Bishop's views and wishes al thal lime. Moreover, ¡n'a letter to the Association, the Bishop asserts that " hit opinions and teaching bute undergone no change since that period." This book stands at the head of the list ofwoi ki given by th« Archdeacon lo Candidates for Orders, to he pre- pared by them for examination. It is a text- book put into the hand uf youth at the Col- lege. How then CMI the Bishop say that no pro- ceedings or teaching of a Romanising tendency exist? I can t believe the denial : it is an insult to my common sense, of which 1 don'i profess to have a smaller share than other», for j ou maj ol^eivu thut every one is well satishVd nilli the iqu.il distribution of this article 1 I shall now, Sii, say a Uw words respecting the inde- pendence of our clergy. A residence of four years in ihe largest Divinity College of the University uf Cam- bridge had led me to believe that lhere was much nulli in the assertion ut the good Dean Collet, that "the gate ol ordination was too wide;" but at the Anti- podes 1 lind this is reversed-the gate of admission into tlie ministry of our Church is much too narrow tor any but I'scudo- Protestants to enter thereat (Cheers.) For ivhut are the obstacles that stand in the way of au honest Protestant cundidaie for orders ? He must prépaie with Theophilus Auglicanus ; and I have reason to believe ih.it no homoeopathic doses of this diug will satisfy Archdeacon Maniât. He must give up his private judgment, and believe by prosy, although lie knows that perdition is to be endured iii person.(cheers.) He must give a satisfactory answer to the question, "Do you hold the Gorham heresy?'' And when he has squeesed through Dean Collet's gate in spite of these obstacles, he still has to submit to take a licence liable to be i evoked whenever the Bishop is offended by bun. This arbitrary licence accounts for the fact, that at a recent meeting of the Chapter summoned by the Archdeacon, some clergymen «vere found prepared to ussure their Bishop that they regarded the Minutes of the Sydney Synod as " God's holy admonitions?" 'Hie Kev. A. Davenport here said, " I deny it." Well I my impression is, that these vvords were lu the address submitted to the clergy hy the Archdeacon; hut if not, the assertion merely goes for winn ii'« wotth. The Re«. W. Bedford informed the speaker that the phrase used was " Godly admonitions." Oh I what is the difference between "Gods holy admonitions" and "Godly admonitions?' (Cheers). I repeat, shuffling Is tlie mark of a Puseyite I (Long continued cheering followed this remark). Now, Sir, when we see such cringing sycophancy as this, how can ne possibly respect clergymen placed in so degraded a position? (Cheers). I have never regarded with much favour what is called the Voluntary System of supporting ministers of religion-it smacks too much of puie democracy for my taste ; but ii Is infinitely preferable to the unchecked despotism under which our clergy perform their ministerial functions. Our Association was told in yesterday's charge, "not to bear tulse witness against our neighbour.'' At a set off against this admonition, I would leiniud the pre- tended Successor of the Apostles not to Infringe the injunction given by Peter, in the riist Epistle General to the Elders of the Church, "not to lord it over " God'k heritage." With these lemarks, Sir, I beg to move the resolution which I have read. (Enthusiastic cheering followed Mr. Dobson's speech). Mr. B. HARVEY, seconded the resolution, which wa» put und curried unanimously.v,. JOSEPH HONE, Esq., proposed the seyeuth _the following resolution:- , , 7\. " That, in the opinion of this Meeting, the adoption in this Diocese of the following propositions is necessary to tlie peace und well-being of the Church, namely : 1st. Thai in the proposed Assembly for administration of the »flairs of the Church, a number of Lay Members of the Cluircli, being themselves communicants, mid chosen by the congregations of which they ure members, should form a component patt of such Assembly; that such Lay Membcis should not exceed in number thut of the Clergy, and should equally with them exercise the right of proposing measures for adoption, and of deliberating and voting upon all subjects submitted to the consideration of the Assembly. 2nd. That the clauses lately introduced into the licences under, which the Colonial Clerjty hold their appointments should be erased, and the old form or licence be restored." The Church, be said, in support ot the resolution, wanted peace; he referred to that portion of the Church of Christ, the Church of England in this colony. Through the discussions which had prevailed, Mr. Hone observed, the clergy in various parts of the colony were about to preach to empty benches. He did not, however, advocate peace at the expense of truth, and hoped that if any present were driven away from that Church, they would not be so driven by anything inconsistent with the Word of God. Mr. Hone expressed his lull concurrence In what had fallen from the previous speakers with reference to the necessity of Improving the form of licences for the clergy. The resolution, which was carried unanimously, was seconded by J. D. Loch, Esq., of New Norfolk. Mr. Hone took the chair by acclamation. MR. NUTT then moved the eighth and last resolution : a " That the thanks of this Meeting be presented io Thomas J. Knight, Esq<, for his seal und attention to the important objects ol this Meeting, and for presiding ou the present occasion ; and that he be requested to transmit copies of the Resolutions now adopted to His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, and to the ttight Honorable the Secretary ot State for the Colonies, with a request that their Lordships' influence may be afforded to carrying out the objects of this Meeting." In moving the resolution, Mr, Nutt referred to tbe well-known character of tlie Chairman as a scholar and a, gentleman, who, although of rctitlng habits, was a firm and sincere member and friend of tlie Church of England. Ile would nlso observe that Mr. Knight was II member of the University of Cambridge, which had so universally distinguished itself by Its determined hostility to the Puseyites of Oxford. The vote was carried by acclamation, having been seconded by Mr. E. S. P. Bedford. MR. KNIGHT, in acknowledging the vote, expressed the gratification he felt upon presiding, and congratulated the meeting upon the mode in which the proceedings had been .conducted. He repeated, there was no doubt but that the Minutes of Conference had been sent home with a view to Imperial legislation. All doubts had been set at rest by the language of Dr. Short. Mr. Knight then turned to consider what would have been the event resulting from the Conference if the clergy and laity had not taken an active part in the consideration of the question. The resolutions are sent home as the decision of tho Australasian Bishops, und are placed in the hands of the Bench of Bishops at home, who are desirous of receiving information upon the subject of ecclesiastical legislation for the colonies, such legislation having begun last session. The Minis- try and the Houses of Lords and Commons would very naturally infer that the sense of Churchmen in the colonies was expressed thereby. Taking into considera- tion all the circumstances, Mr. Knight said that the meeting had decided that tlie Minutes did not express their opinions, and that in ti most significant manlier. The proceedings of the meeting having terminated, a blessing «as pronounced by the Senior Chaplain, mid the assembly dispersed. MISCELLANEOUS. - The Church in Upper Goulburn-strect was entered and robbed on Sunday night last for the third time within the last eighteen months A surplice mid scarf, the property of the Rev. P. H. Cox, «ere stolen. A reward of ¿b'D is offered for the conviction of the thief.-On Sunday morning last, 25th of May, the body of n man was found drowned at. the rear of the Old Lumber Yard, New Norfolk, with his jaw bone liroken, his nose flattened, and otherwise injured It appeared at the inquest thut his name was William Holding, und that he had probably fallen from mi elevated path about 6 feet »hove the level of the* horse rood. A verdict of Acci- dental Death was relumed.-A prize of a silk purse, silver mounted, and containing not less than -to, has been offered by John Abbott, Esq., to Native Youths in tho Brown's River District, at the Ploughing Match, on Saturday week, the 7th of June.-Owing to the crowded house to witness the Burlesque Opera of Hone Squush, by the New York Serenaders on Monday last, at the- Victoria Theatre, and the roars of laughter throughout, they are induced to repeat the piece to- morrow evening.-Three men, Henry Crosstvell, senr., George Day, and John Read were brought np on remand before Air. Tarleton, ot New Norfolk, on Monday last, on n charge of stealing a heifer the property of Air. John Doran, of that township. Mr. Macdowell appeared for the defence, but tlioy have all three been committed. Cross ive II and Day have been admitted to bail in the sum of 100/. each, mid two sureties of 50Í each. 