MODERN STATE TRIALS. (From BlacTcwood's Edinburgh Magazine.) M'Naxjghten and Oxford. — Upwards of seven years have elapsed since the trial of M'Naughten, and upwards of ten years since that of Oxford ; and both of them are at the present moment inmates of Beth - lehern. Since commencing this article, we have been permitted, through the courtesy 'of the acute and able physician, to whom the superintendence of that important in stitution has been for some years intrusted, to see and converse with the two persons with, whose fate we have herein so anxiously concerned ourselves. Neither knew of our going ; and we were accompanied by the gentleman in question. ? M'Naughten was standing in the court ;yard, dressed in the costume of the place (a pepper and salt jacket and corduroy trowsers.) withjhat on, kni:ting. He looks about forty years old, and in perfect health. His features are regular,; and their expres sion is mild and possessing. His manner is tranquil. Usually he -wears his hat some what slouched over his eyes, and sidles slowly away from any one ; approachiug him, as if anxious to escape observation ;; but-on this occasion he at once entered into ?conveisation with our companion, calmly and cheerfully, arid afforded us a, full oppor tunity of watching him. Had we seen him casually elsewhere and as a stranger, we ?should have thought his countenance indi cative of a certain sort of cheerful quiet humour, especially while he was speaking; but to us it seemed certainly to exhibit a feeble intellect, shown chiefly by a faint flickering smile, even when he was speaking on the gravest subjects. When asked what brought him where he was, he replied, .'fate.' ' And what ia fate ?' 'The will of God — or perhaps,' he added quickly 'of the devil — or it may be of both1?' and he -half-closed his eyea and smiled. — [The reader will bear in mind what was deposed at the trial, as to his infidel tendencies.] — When told that Sir Robert Peel was dead, he betrayed no emotion, nor exhibited the slightest interest. 'One should have thought]that,consideringwhat has happened, you would have. felt some interest in that gentleman.' He looked rather quickly at ' the speaker, and said calmly, with a faint . smile, ' it ia quite useless to talk to trie on t/irtf subject; you know quite well 1 have long and long ago made up my miad never to say one ward about it. 1 never have, and I never will ; and so it would be quite childish to put^any questions.' . .' . . 'How are you, M'Naughten?' He -slightly sighed, and said, 'I am very uncomfortable. I am very ill-used here ; there is somebody -(or something) always using me ill here. It is really too bad ! I have spoken about it many, many times ; but it is quite useless. I wish I could get away from this place, and go back to Glasgow, my native place, it is all I would ask for ; I should be quite well there. I shall never be well or happy here, for there is always some one ill-using rne here.' 'Well, but what do they do to you?' 'Oh,' shaking his head and smiling, 'they are always doing it ; really it is too bad.' 'Who are thev-?' 'Oh, I fun always being ill-used here ! My only wiah now is, to get away from this place. If I could only once get to Glasgow, my native place !' This ia the continual burthen of his song ; is is needless to say that complaints are altogether unfounded ; he is treated with the utmost kindness consistent with his situation ; and, as he has never exhibited violence nor ill -behaviour, it has never been . ' necessary to resort to personal coercion, with one exception. Two or three years ago, he took it into his head, that as he could not get away, be would starve him self ; and he persevered for such a length of time in refusing all kind of food that he began to lose flesh fast. At length he \va3 told by the physician that since he would . not. eat voluntarily, he must be made to eat; and it wag aclinilly necessary to feed him for a* considerable time mechanically, by means of a stomach pump. Under this treatment he presently regained his flesh, in spite, as it were, of himself, and at length suffered himself. to be laughed out of bis obstinacy, and has ever since taken his food voluntarily. He seemed himself to be tickled at the absurdity of which he was guilty. Not a doubt of his complete in sanity was entertained by my acute com panion, who has devoted much observation to the case. Shortly after we had quitted him, and were out of his sight, he put away his Unitting, placed his hands in his jacket pockets, and walked very rapidly to and fro, his face bent ou the ground ; and he was apparently somewhat excited. Whatever may have been ths state of M'Naughten at .the time to which our inquiries have been directed ia this article, we entertain little if any doubt that hs is bow in an imbecile condition. Oxford was in another part of the build ing, standing alone, at the extremity of a long corridor, gazing through 'a^heavily grated window, towards the new houses of Parliament. His hat was on— -he was dressed like M'Naughten, and his jacket waB buttoned. We scarcely recognised him, owing to the change of his dress. He is fond of attracting the notice of anvbody and conversed about himself and his offence, in the most calm and rational manner con ceivable. He has lost aiuch of his hair — a circumstance which he appeared somewhat to regret — ;for the front of hi3 head is bald ; but he looks no older than his real age — thirty. He is mortally weary of his con finement, and says he has bsen. terribly punished for his ' foolish act.' 'Foolish /' we exclaimed, ' is that all you can say of your attempt to shoot Her Majesty? He smiled, and said, ' Oh, sir, I never attempt ed to shoot her. I never thought of such a thing. I aimed at the carriage panels only.' ' Then why did you put balls in your pis tols ?' ' I never did,' he replied quickly, I never dreamed of such a thing. There were no balls.' ' Oh, then you have not heard of the discovery that has ju«t been — eh?' 'Discovery — what?' 'The bul lets.' ' Oh, there have been more found than ever 1 used at least ; for I assure you I never used any!' 'What made you do what you did?' 'Oh, I was a fool.; it was just to get myself talked about and kick up a dust. A good horsewhipping was what I wanted,' he added with a faint sigh. These were his very words. ' Should you have done it, if you had thought of coming here:?', ??' No, indeed I should not; it has been a severe punishment. * * ?* I dare say public opinion says nothing about me now; I dare say it thinks I have got what I very well deserve — and perhaps I have ; but' possibly if I were put quietly out of tl?e way, and sent abroad somewhere, public opinion might take no notice of it.' He has taught himself French, Italian, and German, of which he has a fair knowledge. He also used to draw a little, and began to write a novel ; but it proved a sorry affair, and being discouraged he threw it up. ' Do you recollect hearing the condemned sermon preached to Courvoisier ?' 'Oh, yes, very well. It was a most excellent sermon.' ' Did Courvoisier seem to attend to it?' 'Oh, yes, very much; and he seemed very much affected. It was cer tainly a very appropriate sermon ; I liked it very much.' ''Did you not think that it might soon be your fate to sit where he was?' '' What, in the condemned seat?1'. ' Yes.' ' Oh, no.; that never occurred to me. I never expected to be condemned for high treason. Some gentleman — I forgot who he was — said I should be transported for fourteen years. I thought that was the. worst they could do to me ; for I knew that I had never meant to do any harm, nor tried to do it.' 'Yes; but the judge and jury thought very differently.' ' Oh, I was ?very fairly tried ; but I never expected to be brought in mad. I was quite surprised at that, for I knew that I was not mad, and I wondered how they were going to , prove it.' We asked him if had ever seen us ? To which he replied, gazing steadily, 'Yes, I think I have^-either at the Privy Coun cil, or in Newgate Chapel.' 'Where did' you sit on the Sunday when the condemned sermon was preached to Courvoisier ??' 'I sat on the steps near the alter.' ' How were you dressed ?' ' Ob, a blue surtout with velvet collar; and he proceeded to describe his dress almost exactly as we have described it at the commencement of the article. Hs exhibits considerable clever ness : whatever he does, whether in playing at fives, or working (e. g. making gloves, &c.;,) he does far better than any one else, and shows considerable tact and energy in setting his companions to work, nud super intending them. He admits that he com mitted a very great offence in having done anything to alarm the Queen, and attributes it entirely to a mischievous and foolish love' of notoriety. He said, ' I thought it would set everybody talking and wondering; but never dreamed of what would come of it — least of all that I v/as to be shut up all my life in this place.' * * * i* * ' That list of conspirators, and letters from them, that -were found in your lodgings — were they not real V* ' Oh, no,' he replied, with rather an anxious smile, '? all mere sham — only nonsense ; there was never anything of the sort.' 'Then why did you do it ?'' ' It wus only the folly of a boy; I wasn't, nineteen then — it was very silly no doubt.' ' And their swords and dresses, and so forth — eh?' ' Entirely nonsense. It was a very absurd joke, I did not think it would come out so serious. I did not appreciate the consequences, or I never would have done it.' The word ' appreciate' he used with a very marked emphasis. We entertain no doubt whatever of his perfect sanity ; and if so, as his crime was great, eo is his punishmeat fearful. 1 Memento Mori. — A literary journal of Madrid, publishes the following little hu morous story which took place in the time of Ferdinand VII. : — One afternoon, while various officers of one of the regiments of guards, were talking together at the gate of their barracks, waiting for the parade, the conversation fell upon the fidelity of women, and naturally gave rise to a great deal of joking and sentimentality. ' Do not deceive yourselves, gentlemen,' said a veteran capitaine, 'in love as well as in war — do not confide in. any woman ; for my part. I would not dare to answer for the virtue -of the greatest 'saint that ever fasted.' 'Well, I would,' answered a young ensign with some* warmth. ~'Thp.re is in the world a woman for whom I could answer !' ' Your lady love, of course,' cried his comrades. 'No, my sister.' ' That we can perfectly understand,' re plied a lieutenant, the particular friend of the last speaker, 'for she is so confound edly ugly.' This raillery provoked a challenge from the ensign to the lieuten ant ; and all the efforts of their friends failed in reconciling them to each other. The seconds were named, and the hour of five the next morning- was fixed for the duel to take place, outside the gate of Bil boa, then called Pozos. At the specified time the parlies appeared on the ground, and the seconds made another ineffectual attempt to make it up between the belli gerents. ' We wish' to fight ; to fight to death,' they replied to the representations of their companions. At this moment a poor fellow, looking like the ghost of Shakspeare's ' apothecary, approached the seconds, and in a lamentable voice said, ' G-entlemen, I am a poor artizan with a large family, and if you would — ' ' My good man, don't bother us now,' cried one of the officers, ' don't you see they are go ing to spit each other ? We are not in a charitable-humour.' ' It's not alms I ask for,' said the man ; ' I am a poor carpen ter, with eight children, and my wife is sick ; and having . heard that those gentle men were about to kill each other, I thought of asking you to let me make the coffins.' At these words the individuals about to commence the combat, and who had heard this conversation, burst into a loud fit of laughter, and, simultaneously throwing down their swords, shook hands with each other. An hour afterwards they and their brother officers gave the most unequivocal prpofs of wishing to live ; by partaking of a sumptuous breakfast at the Fonda de Perona : and the sequel of the affair was, that the young lieutenant fell in love with and married the young lady whose beauty he had disparaged ; for on more attentive contemplation he saw in her more beauty both of mind and person than he had pre viously been aware of. Attempted Extortion in Paris. — A physician, whose name reckons amongst the most distinguished in the world of science, received a few days since a letter in which he was requested to send, under enclosure, addressed at the post-office, re gistered and sealed with five seals, 300f. in notes of the Bank of France, plus l.OOOf. in a bill of exchange at a short date. In the threatening letter setting forth this request, he was informed that, should : he refuse to comply with it, a statement would immediately go forth to the public, both verbally and in writing, to the effect that he had stained himself with the black est crimes, in order to obtain his present rank and fortune, and in particular, that to' obtain possession of the entire inheri tance of his own family, which, in the na tural order of things, he would have had to wait for too long a time, he had poisoned his father, his mother, and his brother. *' Do not fail immediately on receiving this,' continued the writer, 'to address your answer post restant to the initials, ' T.A.M.C If you delay one day it will be too late, and in that case woe betide you!' The doctor, on receiving this mis sive, far from exhibiting any alarm, pro ceeded forthwith to the commissary of po lice of Quartier Montmartre, MI Quoisant, into whose hands he deposited it, leaving it to his sagacity and prudence to adopt the most appropriate course. The case be ing an urgent one, the commissary imme diately issued a warrant, and established two agents, on surveillance, at the post office in the 'Rue Jean Jacques Rousseau, where letters addressed post restant, are delivered on being called for. Yesterday no one appeared to claim the letter which had been deposited in the hands of the clerk, and which consisted of a simpler sheet of blank paper folded as a letter, and addressed in the doctor's hand to the ini tials as directed. This morning, however, immediately after the opening of the office, a person of most respectable appearance presented himself, and inquired of the clerk, whether he had not a letter registered as containing money, and addressed to the initials ' T.A.M.C.1 On bis furnishing this description, the letter was immediately handed to him, and he was hastening from the office, doubtless eager to unseal the let ter, when the two police agents accosted him, and, exhibiting their warrant, reques ted that he would accompany them to the prefecture. This person, against whom a charge of the gravest kind has already been lodged, was found in possession, at the time of his arrest, of the foul copy of the letter addressed to the doctor. He had also papers about him, leaving no doubt as to his identity. Accordingly, he was immedi ately placed in confinement. The culprit is 61' years of age, and was living in one of the handsomest hotels garnis of the Quarter Richelieu.-— -La Presse. fcjTisaMDOAT Travelling w America.-— 'I had heard touch of the dangers dangers of the Missippi, arid before I left New England, some of my friends, partly in jest,' and partly for the sake of inspiring me with due caution in the choice of vessels and captains, had told mo endless stories of the risks we should run. One of them pre sented to me a newspaper, containing a for midable array of last year's casualties. Fifty vessels had been snagged, twenty-seven sunk, sixteen had burst their boilers, fifteen had been run into by other vessels, thirteen destroyed by fire, ten wrecked, and seven cut through by ice. This enumeration was followed by an account of the number of persons drowned or injured. Another friend called my attention to a form of ad vertisements, not uncommon in the St. Louis papers, headed thus ?. — ' A fine op portunity for going below.' This, he ex plained, ' does not mean going to the bottom, as you might naturally conclude (although this is by no means an improbable result of your voyage), but it merely signifies ' going down 'the river-' Another offered this piece of advice* 'When you are ra cing with an opposition steamboat, or cha sing her, and the other passengers are cheering the captain, who is sitting on the safety valve to keep it down with his weight, go as far as you can from the en gine, and lose no time, especially if you hear the captain exclaim, ' Fire up boys, put on the resin !' Should a servant call out ' Those gentlemen who have not paid their passage will please to go to the ladies' cabin,' obey the summons without a mo ment's delay, for then an explosion may be apprehended. ' Why to the ladies' cabin ? said I, ' Because it is ths safe end of the boat, and they are getting anxious for the personal security of those who have not yet paid their dollars, being of course, indiffer ent about the rest. Therefore, never pay in advance, for should you fall overboard during a race and the watch cries out to the captain, A passenger overboard,' lie will ask, * Has he paid his passage ?' and if he receives an answer in the affirmative, he will call out, ' Go a-head !'— Sir C. Lyell'a Second Visit to the United Stares. A New Chum.— We met the other day, with a ' new chum,' just arrived by the Anna, from Liverpool. He had come out under the expectation that Australia was a land flowing with milk and honey, and that he had only to show himself in the colony, in order to make a fortune. No sooner had he landed, than his illusions were dissipated. He vowed that he would go back by the next sh5p ; and even the ' park -like' scenery of the neighbourhood of Geelong was insufficient to restrain bis feelings of discontent and aversion. Many emigrants are annoyed when they, first land in Victoria. Every thing is different from what they have been accustomed to ; everything seems so strange, so essentially distinctive from what they have been used to. The houses are small ; you pay a large rent for a house that you could get in London for a third of the money. In this year of drought every thing is dear; you pay double the money for butter and bread. In fact the land that flows with milk and honey turns out to be a land in which you must work ia order to earn a living. . Unquestionably a ' new chum' has much to get over on first land ing in this colony. He has no 'friends' — he has to spend his money; he has. to look about-— he finds, at first, that with the Bame money he might have done better in Eng«« land. He then vows that he will go back directly — that the colony is not a place to suit him at all. But gradually ha fiuds out that the colony ia a place to live in, provi ded he only looks out carefully, and takes care of his money. The fact is, that a 'new chum' has only to be careful, and look out, and he will fiud that Victoria is, after all, a place for a man to live in. It is undoubtedly a wrong thing to invite people here who are not adapted for the colony, and who spend their money in an ineffectual effort to make a living. But nobody who is willing to work, and who knows anything of the colony, need ever be at a loss ; and the ' newest chum' that ever came to Vic toria need not be afraid, if he only mani fests a reasonable disposition to act the part of a rational and active- minded man,—' Geelong Intelligencer, 