KOORINGA ELECTION.— NOMINATION OF \---MESSRS. G. S. KINGSTON AND HENRY :MILDRED. \- On. Saturday the 5th instant, tiis nomination of candidates far. the Burra district took place in front of the Burra Hotel, at Kooringa. There were about 400 persons as sembled on the occasion; and the Kooringa bras? band, after perambulating' the streets ami enlivening the inhabi tants, drew up in front of the hotel, and occupied the last half-hour previous to the appointed thno for business in playing a few inspiriting tunes. The verandah, in front of the hotel was railed' in for the convenience of the Returning Officer, the candidates, and their friends ; and shortly after 12, o'clock Mr. Dashwood and the contesting parties made their appearance on the elevated parade in front of the hotel, railed in for the occasion, in front of which were stretched over the respective stands taken up by the candi dates two large banners, on one of which was inscribed, on green in gold letters, ' Vote for Kingston and the Prosperity of Kooringa;' the other was a blue banner, with the words 'Mildred, the Independent Choice of the People.' Both gentlemen were received with cheers and cries of ' King ston for ever,' 'Mildred for ever.' The cheering having subsided, Mr. Dashwood said — Gentlemen, I propose to open these proceedings by reading the document I hold in my Band. (Mr. Dashwood then read the document from the Governor appointing him Returning Officer for the district of the Burra, and then continued) — By virtue of this au thority it is my duty to declare to you that this meeting has been convened for the purpose of nominating a person qualified to be returned as a member of the new Legislative Council; and after declaring his perfect impartiality, and reading the writ for this district, he said— Now, Gentlemen, personally, 1 am a decided advocate of civil and religious liberty — (cheers) — and lam a firm adherent of Her Ma jesty; let us give three hearty cheers for Queen Victoria, the Queen of our fatherland. (This proposition was readily and enthusiastically responded to, and the band played *' God Save the. Queen;' after which Mr. Dashwood said) — Gentle- men, it now beeomes my duty to call upon you electors of the Burra to nominate a candidate for this district in this colony. Dr. Bull, amidst very considerable uproar, and cries of 'Shut up,' 'Lie down. Bull,' made several attempts to put a question either to the Returning Officer or to Mr. Kingston, but the noise and confusion became so great that ?we could not catch the speaker's words. Order having been partially restored, amidst cries of 'To business, to business,' Mr. Paxton came forward and said — Brother Electors and Gentlemen — I appear on this important occasion before you with more than ordinary pleasure to propose my friend George Strickland Kingston, Esq., as a fit and proper person to re present this rising place in the first Legislative Assembly chosen by the people. I will not occupy your time with any lengthy peroration on h'i3 merits ; but be assured I have not taken this gratifying duty withont giving it the serious consideration it so well merits ; and I am convinced you believe me when I assert, to the best of my judgment, that the gentleman on whose behalf I stand before you as an humble advocate is the one who will most strenuously exert himself in your cause, and watch over your variell and important interests with more zeal than any other candidate for your suffrages. His whole prospects are so closely connected and bound up with yours that any de preciation of yours must materially affect him, they being so twined together. ' Tome it is 'a great regret that any personal affairs ahould be mixed up in these public matters; Intrust, however, when others appear before you you will give them an impartial hearing ; and that as soon as the election has passed over, the clouds of discord may disappear amidst the sunshine of friendship. *=? ^r. Paxton was loudly cheered during the delivery of his address. ^ Dr. Chambers now stepped forward and said, amidst con siderable applause : — Gentlemen — I have much pleasure in coming forward to second the proposition just made by Mr. Paxton, believing as I do that Mr. Kingston is not only the most fit ane proper person to represent the interests of this vast and important district, but I am confident also that, if elected as your representative, he will perform the onerous duties of his office to your entire satisfaction, and that he will continue to pursue that manly and straight forward course for which he has ever been characterized. You have met this day, Gentlemen, to perform a high and an important duty ; a new era has now dawned upon this, our adopted country; the infant colony of yesterday, emerging into a second existence, has now received on im portant accession to her powers, even the freedom of election. Great and responsible duties have now been delegated to you as electors ; extensive powers have been conceded that never before existed in the province — powers which you have now met for the first time to exercise, and in the exercise of which much of good or more of evil may speedily result. The men who are now chosen by you to net as your representatives will possess very extensive. powers, which they may exercise cither to the advantage or disadvantage of the province. It therefore behoves you to reflect seriously, and not wantonly to throw away your suffrages, but to bestow them upon men of known indepen ? dent principles, tried practical experience, and sound religious doctrines. Upon these men, be it remembered, will devolve the framing of' your laws ; upon them will depend the very existence of your civil and religious rights, the vitality of our commercial relations ; and precedents will be by them established which may hereafter affect the ultimate happiness and prosperity, not only of your children, but your childrens children. You have before yon now, Gentlemen, two can didates for the honour of your suffrages, one of whom, Mr. Kingston, I have now the honour to second and support, and in doing so it is far from my intention to detract in any way from the merits of the other candidate, ' to aught ex tenuate, or aught set down in malice.' He is, I believe, an ' honourable man ;' but however honourable, or however well .suited he may possibly be to fill the post of honour to which he aspires, I am confident, Gentlemen, that the one just proposed is in every way more eligible, in every way more suitable, and can 'far more efficiently serve your in terests than Mr. Mildred. His political principles, it is well known, are not less liberal than are those of the other candidate; and more than this, Gentlemen, an immense local interest attaches to him here, from the fact of his being a large shareholder and director of this the largest mine in the province. His welfare, therefore, being identified with your own, it becomes not less his interest to serve you faithfully and efficiently, than it becomes yours to elect him as your representative, and to send him to the Council (which I know you will do) by a sweeping and over whelming majority. These personal interests not only Tender him - especially fitter to act as your representative, but they become a pledge also that bis best endeavours will be exerted for your advancement, and are a security more effective than any bond or promise that he will scrupulously attend to your interests, as by doing so he will as effectually serve his own also. The passing of any law detrimental to the interests of this place would affect him in at least as treat a proportion as it would yourselves; his prosperity is finked with yours ; your adversity becomes his also. On the contrary,.! would ask what sympathy can Mr. Mildred have with you — a stranger as he is to most of you— or what claim can he have upon your suffrages, whose interests are distinct from and diametrically opposed to your own? It were rain for me to endeavour to follow the opposite party ..through all their vague and imaginary wrongs— wrongs which they have by a peculiar sophistry, one peculiarly their own, endeavoured to thrust upon Mr. Kingston, with the view of rendering him not only unpopu lar as a candidate, but also of making their ' worse appear the better part;', or shall I attempt to bring forward the various offences of omission and commission, with which in the plenitude of their vituperation they have been pleased to charge that gentleman, tbe greatest of which appears to be that of his . being a ' Burra Director ?' Scarcely, Gentle men, had a requisition been sent to Mr. Paxton (another Director), asking him to come forward and represent you, before that either liis political principles could be known, or even his answer received, than the opposition commenced — an opposition that has been thundered at Mr. Kingston with all theviolence, vehemence, and malignity of which they were capable ; and as it would have been had any other individual come forward having the misfortune to be a Director of these mines. And it had been well for them, perhaps, had they paused here, and rested upon their merits alone, rather than have pursued the very dubious and humi liating course of expediency which they thought fit to adopt, and, by making the end justify the means, fruitlessly have attempted to filch from you many of those suffrages which, as householders, you had every right to claim. Yet, astound ing as the assertion may appear, it is nevertheless true that these very men who style themselves Liberal and Inde- pendent, forsooth—themselves, too, the advocates of universal suffrage--condescended to falsify their principles by serving, or causing to be served, not less than 160 objections, for the avowed object of disfranchising 160 of the electors of this place ; and more than this, Gentlemen, when the day arrived upon which their objections should have been sup ported, the objectors themselves (mere tools of their party) had neither the courage nor the manliness to step forward and support thenr. So much, Gentlemen, for their 'con sistency — the consistency of those who presumed to call thamselves ' the Independent Opposition ;' the principles of the man whom they would bring forward to represent you have been with them but a secondary consideration. Whether a political aristocrat or a political democrat, they were equally prepared to support him (as was evinced by their zeal in attempting to catch any candidate who might bave the misfortune to fell in their way, rather than sup port the man whose principles they acknowledged to be liberal— principles, too, which they pretend to advocate. I need scarcely say how different was the course adopted by Mr. Kingston. Himself a strenuous advocate for an exten sion of the franchise, he determined either to stand or fall by those principles ; and rather than falsify them, he re fused to object to a single claim. But, Gentlemen, how ever much Mr. Kingston's personal connexion with this place may render him peculiarly fitted to act as your repre sentative, he has other claims also upon your suffrages. As a private individual he is known to all of you, as being one of the. oldest colonists — one of the pioneers, in fact, of South Australia; one .who has fought with it through all its earliest struggles ; he is known to the colony at large. Innumerable have been the difficulties with which he. has had to contend— difficulties which can only be appreciated by those who, like himself, have stood upon the site of the present City of Adelaide even before it existed as such — when it was a mere wilderness, peopled only by savages. He has participated in the various changes that have taken place from time to time; he witnessed' the various stages of advancement as, step by step, they have progressed, till at length by rapid strides the colony advanced to her present enviable and prosperous condition. It has been his lot also to struggle with it through all those periods of commercial depres sion and ruin, which, they prostrated, they did not damp the ardour of the colonists, as it has been also his good fortune to rejoice and participate in its prosperity, and has thereby gained an experience in colonial affairs which he is not only willing, but eminently able, to exercise in your behalf — an experience which nothing but a long residence and an intimate knowledge of the colony can give. To the miners of the Burra — you who have risked, and are daily risking, both life and limb — you whose energies are spent in developing the mineral resources of this vast country — and what, I would ask, would South Australia be without her mines? — what, without her mines? — for however vast her mineral wealth maybe, it would be utterly valueless and useless unless brought to the surface by your efforts — to you I would say, that Mr. Kingston has not only ever displayed the greatest good-feeling, but he has ever been your friend. He has never, as has been asserted, been the means of either directly or indirectly causing your wages to be lowered, nor as an individual Director has he even the power to do so if he were willing. On the contrary he. has always advocated ' a fair day's pay for a fair day's labour.' These have been his principles long before the Burra was ever formed into an electoral district, or that he ever thought of offering himself for the honour of your suf frages. They are not principles assumed for the mere pur pose of extorting from any of you your votes. He is far too honourable and too independent ever to assume 'a virtue which he has not;' and when he asserts that he advocates a high rate of wages because the greater will be the profits that accrue to the adventurer, he asserts that which is substantially true ; and however paradoxical it may appear to the unitiated in mining matters, there is not a Cornishman present, I am convinced, who does not thoroughly understand, and appreciate too, the truthfulness of the assertion. He is your friend also, inasmuch as he is an advocate for throwing open the whole of the unsold mineral lands in the colony for your benefit ; and by this means encourage the seeking for and finding of minerals, and allowing you the privilege of purchasing the land from the Crown at a fixed rate — say, for instance, £2 per acre — thereby preventing that competition so detrimental to the mining interests of the province. And last, though not least, to those of you who are interested in the town and trade of Kooringa, I would say, who can more effectually advance your interests than a Burra Director? — who more serve them than Mr. Kingston ? To obtain for you those municipal privileges which alone can permanently improve your town will be one of his first endeavours ; whilst to assist you in its further advancement, by procuring for you ready and quick communication with the city, is not less his interest than yours. He appears before you as a can didate of known liberal and independent principles — a man of tried practical experience and sound religious doctrine — and not less willing than that he is competent to serve you. Upon his merits alone ho stands. He seeks not your suf frages as a Burra Director, but solicits them from you as being, what he really is, the only candidate that 'offered himself that can efficiently serve you — that can possibly know your wants and wishes, and who, knowing, can re present them. William Lang, Esq., next addressed the meeting in his usual forcible manner, and spoke nearly as follows : — Bro- ther Electors of the District of the Burra — I little thought a few days ago that I should have been able to appear before you at the present election as an independent elector of our district, but circumstances with which most of you are no doubt acquainted have released me from the position to which I had been appointed, and, to my good pleasure and satisfaction, I am now- enabled to play a part much more in unison with inv feelings and principles as one of a free and independent body of electors. I intend to be as short as possible, and if 1 trespass longer on your patience than you expect, you must impute it to the very peculiar position in which I stand. I think it necessary to allude to the registration, when 1 am sure you must remember that a Mandrake was brought up by Mr. Kingston from Adelaide to do that part of his abusive work which he (Mr. King ston) had not face enongh to do for himself. We have all heard of a certain Prophet who, when he could not speak for himself, got a donkey to speak for him. So it was on that occasion ; but the abusive terms used by the Mandrake were adopted by Mr. Kingston and made his own. Dearly as Mr. Kingston paid for services then rendered, it was notliing to those which he has since incurred, or to those which he will still have to incur if he should succeed, through the unconstitutional means that he is now pursuing, in being temporarily seated as the member for this district. The conduct of Mandrake on that occasion brings to my recollection the character of a thing of the same class which was drawn two centuries ago by ' rare Ben Jonson,' who in one of his Comedies says that the Mandrake of his time was one ' who gave forked counsel, took bribes on either hand and put them up.' The paltry part which Mandrake then took has since been followed out here by his man. These lawyers are pretty much alike, and a character drawn by Dean' Swift of one of the nuisances of his time will well suit the present — ' One who swills and puffe like booby Bctsworth, Of whom half-a-crown would pay the sweat's worth.' Lawyers of all ages have been pretty much alike, from the ' greatest, wisest, meanest of mankind,' through Jeffries, Mansfield, Ellenborough, down to the harlequin of our own times — nothing is too bad for them to undertake, so that they can touch the fees or the bribes in excuse. As to the Mandrake, it has been said that he observed to a party here in reply to a remonstrance against his abuse, ' that it was his poverty and. not his will that consented.' This we all here know to be the case with the other poor tool. The manner in which the rich Kingston — as he is fond of being called — parts with the needful puts me in mind of an old saying in- my country,, that ' a Jack and his money are soon parted.' In his opening address to you, our most worthy, well-informed, and of course strictly impartial Returning Officer told you that he was a friend to civil and religious liberty. Let those believe him who like, but I will state to you a circumstance which throws rather an extraordinary light upon such assertions. It is part of his duty to appoint a Poll Clerk ; and one would have supposed that, from such a stickler for those inestimable blessings, he would have shown it in all his actions. If 1 thought that there was any chance of ; your guessing who he has so appointed, I would ask you the question ; but as I should despair of ever getting a right guess, I will at once inform you that it was no less a great man, in his own conceit, than Sergeant-Major McCullocb, of the Mounted Police Force ; but the Sergeant Major, with a greater cunning than some would give him credit for, went back to decline the most flattering offer under the pica that he did not think he could write fast enough. 1 see, gentlemen, a smile of incredulity on some of your countenances. You doubt what I say ; but, gen tlemen, I have the very best grounds for my assertion, for I have in ' my possession, sent up to me with other papers from the Colonial Secretary, the letter written so naively by the modest Sergeant-Major. Now, gentlemen, let us con template for a. moment the pretty 'fix' we should have been in under so judicious and happy an arrangement. We should have had to deliver in our voting-papers under the control — first, of a ci-devant officer of the Navy, who was brought up in a school where the constitutional rights of civilians are necessarily unknown, and under the inspection of the scrutinizing eye of the interesting moustache of our very amiable Sergeant- Major. What, gentleman, is your opinion now of the friend and supporter of civil and reli gious liberty ? Why, it would have b:en enough, to have invited a rebellion in' the district; but the wily cunning of the Sergeant-Major has spared us that necessity. With respect to the fitness for the office which has been ' thrust upon him,' he has the good sense to admit he knows no thing about the duties. From a letter which I had received from the Colonial Secretary, requesting me to do so, I had tendered him any assistance which I could give him upon this as ,well as upon that for the registration. My offer was received in so ungracious a manner that I took no far ther notice of him ; but just now, before the nomination, he sent to me for my opinion about the course he should take, which I declined to give hi:n, and you have seen what a pretty mess he ha3 made of it. He ought to have answere 1 the question which Dr. Bull asked him, touching the 61st clause of the Ordinance No. 1, 1851 ; and if he could have done so in the affirmative, he no doubt would bave done it ; but he and bis friend Mandrake seemed to have overlooked so necessary a part of his duty, and an old friend of theirs has left them in the lurch to bundle through it in the best way they can. With respect to intimidation and threats, I will just name Peter Bailey, who is well known to most of you, and whose word, it is generally considered, can be taken. There are a great many others in similar circum stances, all which will hi used upon a proper occasion. The Burra Directors, ' one and all,' disclaim Mr. Kingston. They repudiate the idea that they have any wish for his success ; indeed, his general conduct at their Board meet ings is said to be so overbearing that they would be glad of his success only for one reason, that it would so. add to his puffed-ap pride and self- importance that he would become almost insufferable, and that at the next election of Directors they would be obliged to leave him out for their selfpro tection. Now, this is the man who comes before you to ask for your suffrages to represent you in the forthcoming Legislative Council. He says you may rely on his pro mises. I ask you is that your opinion, or do you not rather consider that 'he comes here under fake colours ; does he not come here as the cheapest market where he can buy a seat with a view to sell it at the highest ? I think he does : and that he will turn out a second orator Healey, of a hun dred years ago, who once with gold, flummery, and hum bug, succeeded in getting into Parliament; but when some of his constituents found that his votes were entirely opposite to his promises, they remonstrated with him, when, turning upon them with that ferocity of countenance, which our estimable candidate could very easily assume — he would, like Healey, say to them, ' Like dogs I bought you, and like dogs I will sell you ;' ' Get out of my house and never let me see you here again.' One of the greatest questions of the day is that of ' grants in aid of religion ;' this question has been much narrowed, indeed so much so that I hope it will be allowed to die out. Gentlemen, ? nothing is more unnecessary than such grants, and they are most injurious to true religion, by damping the zeal of those, who, if they had no such reliance, would do all that was needful for themselves. Who endowed the Bishop of Adelaide ? what support did he get from the Government in England? was it not made a condition of his appoint ment that the funds for the endowment must be raised bv voluntary aid ? And, MLss Burdett Coutts, having the most ample means, came forward and tendered the necessary amount. We have the highest authority calling on us not to put our trust in princes ; and I will add to it — put not your trust in priests or prelates. Nothing can show this in a strongerJKght than a document which has been recently kid before Parliament, where it is seen that large sums which were raised towards the augmentation of the too small livings of the working clergy have been squandered away in building and enlarging the palaces of the bishops ; in one instance, I believe, more than £50,000 was expended upon one such palace. The State has no right to take the money raised by taxation on the people for such a purpose. And I for one, as a churchman, most heartily hope that we have in this colony seen the very last of it All history shows that the parsons of every sect, save one, have always used their temporal power with a persecuting spirit. There is one honourable exception. When the Presbyterians and Independents, under the guidance of one of the greatest men that the old country ever produced, had put down the Church which had so cruelly used them ; the Presbyterians in their turn began the same conduct ; but Cromwell soon let them know that the Independents were true and faith ful to their principles in prosperity as adversity ; and all persecution for conscience-sake was peremptorily put an end to. I am afraid, Gentlemen, that I have taken up too much of your time. I shall therefore now conclude by nominating Henry Mildred, Esq., as a fit and proper person to represent in the new Legislative Council the rights, interests, and privileges of the electors of the district of the Burra. It will, I dare say, be remem bered by many of you that at one of your earliest meetings I declared myself very strongly against vote by ballot and universal suffrage. A long experience has satisfied me that neither of these nostrums are necessary to secure freedom of election, and I believe I am not likely to change those opinions ; indeed, I am, if possible, much strengthened in them by what has recently taken place in France. There the new Constitution enforced the election of Deputies by universal suffrage ; and one would have supposed that the Chamber of Deputies, being so elected, would have the greatest interest and inclination to maintain the electors in their new and justly-acquired rights : but what is the fact? that the Chamber so elected have at last succeeded in pass ing a new electoral law by which they have swept off two thirds of the constituency that elected them, and reduced the number of electors from seven millions and a-half down to less than three millions. But they hae done worse than that; they have attempted to double the Presidant's salary from fifty thousdnd to one hundred thousand a-year. So muclrfor universal suffrage ! But you will perhaps ask, Why, then, support Mr. Mildred ? To which I say. that, although I differ from him in some points, yet I agree with him in many others, and I believe he will honestly carry them out. Mr. Lang experienced repeated interruptions from the opposition during the delivery of his speech ; but, deter mined as usual, he continued, despite the uproar and con fusion, which had now reached a high pitch. Dr. Bull appeared to second the nomination of Mr. Mildred. Considerable confusion was raised on the hustings, and Mr. Dashwood was obliged to interfere and demand a fair hearing to all parties. Dr. Bull then proceeded : — Brother Electors, I have groat pleasure in seconding the proposition that has been made by Mr. Lang, that H. Mildred, Esq., is a fit and proper person to represent us in the ensuing Legislative Assembly. In doing this I will be as short as possible I may have to state facts which may be unpalatable, and may appear se vere to some ; but this I promise, they shall not be more severe than the occasion demands, and they shall not ex ceed the fair limits of a seconder of a candidate. Gentle men, I wish first to state that we are here in a very pe culiar position on several grounds. Our constituency is a very peculiar one. We have on the electoral roll a great number of persons who stand here in a very ex ceptional position as contrasted with oiher electoral dis tricts. That is, we have a great number of elec tors who are more or less under the influence and in the power of one of the candidates for our votes. Therefore it was that in an early period of this contest we drew from the South Australian Mining Association the letter, a copy of which I hold in my hand, and which I will now read to you. Dr. Bull here read the letter addressed to the officers and workmen of the mine by the Secretary of the Associa tion on behalf of the Directors, denouncing any participation or auy interference in the eleciion. Gentlemen, I ask if the spirit, if the tenor of this letter have been carried out. I say emphatically they have not. And here I ask you if, after the system of close boroughs — if after the introduction of intimidation, coercion, bribery, and other corrupt influence in elections, have been scouted and annihilated in Eng land, we will patiently submit to have them initiated and used here ? Gentlemen, I say that in the face of that letter, read as it was by the Secretary at a public survey on the mine, it is, to say the least, a most indecent act that direc tors should have gone round with the rival candidate in his canvass, and the petty officers of the mine should have used all their influence, as we can prove, to intimidate and coerce the voters who are working on the mine. But, Gentlemen, not to dwell on this part of the business — What do you think, what can you think of the respective merits of the two candidates from their appearance before you ? On the One hand, the gentleman whom I second has courted every opportunity to express his views, to challenge your questions and opinions, and to treat you as men of sense and freemen. What has the rival candidate done ? He has treated you as puppets and slaves. Again and again, we have had meetings here, and he has invariably refused to appear. To this moment I declare i» his presence that we do not know his views (if he have any) on any of the leading political questions of the day. Gentlemen, on what then does he base his claims to our support ? Is it on the ground of his wealth? Is it on the power of his hiring a band, of his giving dinners, colours, and all that rubbish? or is it that he has in local connexion with us any other, any real claims to our support and to our votes ? Gentlemen, I will stick to this latter point. I will leave Mr. Kingston's antecedents in connexion with Colonel Light, with Borrow and Good-ar, with Mr. Nixon,: and with others in better hands than mine, liely upon it he will hear some most unpalatable, I will not say, some most disgraceful facts in connexion with himself and these matters. Gentlemen, has Mr. Kingston ever shown himself here as our friend? (' No, no.') Has he ever in this locality done us any good, or in any way proved himself to be the friend of the working man, as his ridiculous banner asserts? (Loud cries of ' No, no,' &c.;) Gentlemen, Mr. Kingston's intro duction to the direction of this place was, to say the least, most unfortunate for us, for it was immediately followed by a sweeping reduction of wages, and by the strike. There are some of us at least remaining here who well remember the disastrous effects of that affair, both to the persons un connected with the mine, and to the miners and their families. But, Gentlemen, has Mr. Kingston, in connection with this place— I say not done anything for our benefit or for the benefit of the working man — but has he done anything against our benefit, or against the interests of the working men — of the poor-»-of the labourers? I say he has. Gentle men, we have had here lately a fearful and terrible ca lamity. More than 2,000 people have been swept out of their homes in the Creek by the late flood, and are now houseless, except as they are charitably housed by their friends ; and has Mr. Kingston nothing on his conscience in connection with this matter ? Gentlemen, I am now on , Mr. Kingston's claim to be called the Mend of the working ' men. If he had not, two years ago, interfered with and obstructed the Government land sale at Redruth, would these people have been houseless ? I say no. . (Loud cries of 'No, no:') Who was the party to declare, and by bis acts to prove, for th« moment, that no working man; should have a freehold for his house or for his cabbage- j garden in the neighbourhood of the Burra ? — Mr. Kingston, i Who was the party, by a preposterous but generous outlay of money, to destroy that abominable and tyrannical mo- j nopoly ? — Mr. Mildred. Further, Gentlemen,' Mr. Kingston j has, in his absurd placard, in the most ridiculous manner ; endeavoured to show that he is, in his local connection t here, necessarily in favour of a high rate of wages for I labour. Why, then, at this moment, when the prices of all ' the essentials of life are nearly double to what they were six months ago, has he, in connection with the mining directors, reduced the wages of labeur in a very important degree. But, there is another specious argument, false, as are all the rest of his pretensions that he has offered as I a claim to your support, namely, that he is in favour of : mineral discoveries and a reward to the miners or others in ! doing so. Why then has he, as one of a clique, invariaby j monopolised all mineral discoveries and purchases from the Government, not for the purpose of working them — not for. purpose of increasing the field of labour, and increasing the j wages of the miners and other workmen— but for the pur poses of obstruction and monopoly, as |at Bedruth ? Why , has he, with others, stepped in and prevented those who } would create a diversion of Labour from purchasing and from ! doing so ? Gentlemen, this is the friend of the poor man ! And now, Gentlemen, I must allude to a matter more closely in connection with our present proceedings. We trusted that we were engaged in a contest that would be carried on in a gentlemanly and honest manner, however anxious each party might be to carry in his man. What has been Mr. Kingston's conduct ? Gentleman (said Dr. Bull, who appeared considerably excited), it has come to my knowledge, as one of Mr. Mildred's Committee, that in the absence of Mr. Mildred he has in his canvass used tbe most disgraceful and ungeutlemanly expressions towards Mr. Mildred. I take this opportunity of asking Mr. King Bton, in your presence and in Mr. Mildred's presence, if he has done it. Dr. Bull here asked the question. Mr. Kingston said he wanted to know what expressions were referred to. ' ' v Dr. Bull asked if Mr. Kingston had stated that electors need not trouble themselves further about Mr. Mildred, for that he was in gaol, and would not, again appear; and, further, that Mr. Mildred was a rogue and a thief. Mr. Kingston said he had not. Dr. Bull now turned to the electors in front of the hust ings, and warmly enquired if any elector was there to sub stantiate this charge. An elector came forward, and attempted to say some thing; but the groans, hisses, and a tumult of disapproba tion completely drowned what he said. The uproar having partly subsided, Dr. Bull continued — Gentlemen I will now close my re marks to leave Mr. Kingston in better hands than mine, finally telling Mr. Kingston that in this, the second consti tuency of the colony, we are desirous of having a represen tative whose early reminiscences will not bring np painful impressions in the minds of all good men. Gentlemen, I thank you for your patient hearing, and beg to second the nomination of Mr. Mildred. [We are here reduced to something like the alternative of giving the play of ' Hamlet ' with the part of Samlet omitted ; for by some unexplained mischance the notes of Mr. Kingston's speech have not reached us. It was, how ever, received with immense applause and but few inter ruptions.] Henry Mildred, Esql, then spoke a3 follows : — Gentlemen —It has been stated the sun never shone on so lovely a province ; I add, that yon bright lumiuary never shed his rays on so promising a prospect. This paper which I hold in my hand is an Act or Ordinance which ushers in the morning of the Australian Empire, and although it does not contain all which we are entitled to, yet by it we have the power of securing rights, which our fatherland, or despotic power, withheld from us. Let us, therefore, as freemen, exercise the power given us, so that liberty and social order shall go hand in hand, and that as one people we shall be Linked together in the bonds of reciprocal amity. I believe this to be in accordance with the laws of God, and that it is fast accomplishing. Of this hereafter. I have waited patiently for this opportunity of meeting a man, if so he deserves to be called, who, during the absence of a rival candidate, has used terms and expressions against my cha racter as a citizen, which, if true, render me unworthy of your confidence, but which, if false, stamp him as a Ear, and prove him to continue to be a vapourising, empty headed, hollow-hearted, treacherous fellow, ..whose ravings are only equalled by his imbecility and petty tyrannyj cha racteristics for which he has been notorious from his first transformation from a poverty-stricken hanger-on at the scraper of the Adelphi, to an ignorant substitute for a sur veyor. As a tree is judged of by its fruit, so ought a man to be by hi3 past conduct ; I, therefore, challenge enquiry. Did I ever, directly or indirectly, at the very nume rously attended meetings at which I have repeatedly addressed you, make use of any language or words against the character of any one, or of Mr. Kingston in particular? I say further, have I, when canvassing, ever mentioned his name disrespectfully, or endeavoured to obtain a vote from any person who had promised him? (Cries of 'No! No! No! ') Then, Gentlemen, I have been spoken falsely of; for Mr. Kingston has written that I endeavoured to raise friends by traducing his character. He has, further, signed this paper of falsehoods which I hold in my hand, and, therefore, is held by me responsible for its contents. I, therefore, ask Mr. Kingston, did he ever, deliberately or hastily, use the words rogue and thief? Mr. Kingston — I did not, I say I never did. Mr. Mildred — Gentlemen, are there any amongst you that ever heard such expressions made use of by. Mr. Kingston ? If so, step this way. Three respectable tradesmen mounted the hustings, and told Mr. Kingston he had done so in their stores, upon which Mr. Kingston turned green, and the groans and hisses were tremendous. When order was restored, Mr. Mildred stated — Gentlemen, I have convicted this man (pointing to Mr. Kingston) of three deli berate falsehoods; are you satisfied? (Cries of 'Yes,' ' yes,' ' yes.') Then, Gentlemen, I treat this filthy mass of wilful and malicious stuff and the rival candidate thus. (Here Mr. Mildred tore Mr. Kingston's paper of accusation in pieces, and threw it towards his (Mr. Kingston's) face, saying, ' Thus I treat you.') (Loud cheering.) Now, Gentlemen, I come to the claims of Mr. Kingston, bis early connection with this province, and his not seeing me during its early stages. Gentlemen, I tell you why Mr. Kingston was not at the Exeter Hall meeting, or he must have seen, and might have heard jme also ; and as to his friend Gouger not knowing me, he was glad to invite me into a private room, he (Mr. Gouger) knowing well that the firm with which I was connected had not long before sus tained a loss of some hundreds of pounds, by what was then known as the Kangaroo Island Association ; and, Gen tlemen, having smarted once, I was somewhat careful of what sort of place-hunters I mixed with after ; but, Gentle men, I shall never forget the metamorphosis of the ignorant substitute for a surveyor. When the land fund became avail able, he, with a red Tartan cloak, used to sail along the Strand without seeing those, to whom he often bent, but whom he was determined to know no more, and from that time to the present has ever rendered himself contemptible to his superiors, obnoxious to his equals, and i petty tyrant to all in the humble walks of life, whether ore view him in the ship from England, or at his cockleshell settlement on Kangaroo Island. Let us now follow thin ignorant fellow, as termed in the newspapers of that day, when his abilities as a Surveyor were put to the test by an attempt to lay out a few square acres in Adelaide. We here Bnd this paragon of cleverness, after wasting ten days jin the attempt, in as despicable a position as he is at the present moment— discarded, and Colonel Light and Captain Finniss obliged to re-survey the whole again. Soon after this, it being discovered that the ignorant substitute for a Surveyor was of no service here, he was -sent to England )n business, a part of which was to describe to the Com missioners the insufficiency of the survey establishment, i md to request an addition to the staff. , Here, Gentlemen, tbe conduct of the candidate for your honour displayed Itself, for a description of which I shall read you an extract from the newspapers of that time, and subsequently repre sented to Mr. Rowland Hill and Colonel Torrens : ' That the survey force, if properly directed, was ample; and that the delay was.chiefly owing to the easiness of Colonel Light \ with the junior Surveyors.' Thus, you see the man of j honour sapped the foundation of Colonel Light's good name, I md got himself placed in his situation. — So much for moral ? (vorth. I next come to the conduct of this man (pointing j mest significantly over his shoulder with his thumb to Mr. ! Kingston) to his friend Captain Nixon. I shall read it from the newspaper of July 19th, 1838. Here a scene of confusion occurred. Mr. Lloyd, one of Mr. Kingston's friends, got behind Mr. Mildred, and con- ; tinned, notwithstanding several remonstrances from Mr. ? Mildred, shouting into the candidate's ear, ' Port Lincoln.' The interruption continuing, Mr. Mildred said— Doctor Lloyd, are you sober? - Dr. Lloyd — Yes. Mr. Mildred— Then, Sir, pray be patient and I will give a satisfactory account of Port Lincoln. . The interruption being continued, Mr.' Mildred told the Doctor to put an Irish potato in his throat. At length, order being in some degree-restored, - - Mr. Mildred continued— Now for this friendly and kind letter of introduction— an extract : .*? And secondly, I con ceived, whether erroneously or riot, your manner was rather that of a master with his servant than as the conduct of one gentleman to another, no matter how differently situated in point of office.' Again, in the same letter: 'These reasons, coupled with a circumstance which if not treacherous was certainly unkind, and which I can never really forget; and really, after coming so far, first resigning a permanent situa tion at home, you yourself must allow, such conduct was rather unkind to place me in so precarious a situation.' Then came Captain Nixon's resignation to the Resident Commissioner. Gentlemen, if I am not intruding on your patience, I will read you an answer sent by Mr. Ormsby to the rival candidate, which, accompanied with sauce from the case to which that elector has just alluded, will be as good a -dose as ever came out of the Mine pill-box. It is as follows : — u I have received your most absurd letter, as to the bribe of £300 to perform my duty. I consider it an additional insult. I dismiss the subject by saying, lot thy money perish with thee. For anything else 1 refer you ; to the Resident Commissioner.' Now, Gentlemen, these aro delectable morsels for the honourable — I beg pardon, for you, fellow, to chew over. I can give many more such doses; but to you to hear it may be amusing. I confess to me it is painful; nor would lever have renewed reminis cences of bygone times, but to show to you that there is a limit to forbearance, and that it was not for want of moral courage that I did not condescend to reply tojthe scurri lity which may have appeared from time to time in tho hired newspapers. But to return. When Mr. Kingston was about to be appointed Surveyor-General, after Colonel Light had resigned, such was the sovereign contempt mani fested by the Survey Staff, that all ten resigned, ana left the talented, honourable, fascinating representative to wander, like Hamlet's ghost (excepting the pity), despised by his equals, insulted by his inferiors, and ultimately told by Colonel Gawler that, as he had maligned his superiors, there was no hope of promotion under the Government, upon which information Mr. Kingston resigned; the boys burnt an effigy, and the people would have forgotten our herq,but for the green-slip jobbery. I now, gentlemen, must intro duce to your notice a precious document, which will turn the ruddy colour of our egotistical friend— I beg pardon, the Government Architect— to something like Satan in despair.. (Here Mr. Mildred drew from his pocket a copy, upon which was printed the case of Borrow and Gooduur. This book, when opened, Mr. Mildred presented to Mr. Kingston, with a request to know if 'Mr. Kingston had any old associations connected with this document. Mr. King ston looked unutterable. Mr. Mildred smiled, and, turning ' to the electors, made some most biting remarks, accom panied with various extracts, which,' as if by magic, drew from those assembled groans, hisses, and curses upon tho man who, as Mr. Mildred said, had reduced a respectable firm from usefulness and prosperity to bankruptcy and ruin, occasioned, as read from the book, by the contradictory statements of the Governor of South Australia, and to the disgrace of the Government of this colony ; anArh^t added to the disgrace was, that when a memorial was drawn up for the case to be settled by a Jury, the Government Archi tect, who was in the book stated to have dene the mischief, was not amongst the number. ' ' Mr. Mildred's speech was delivered amidst continual up roar, quarrelling, and scuftiing, which became so great at one time on the hustings that tho Returning Officer and others with great difficulty made their escape. The banners of both candidates were torn to rags, and a general' fight ensued. The police, to whom great credit is due, made every attempt to prevent bloodshed, and ultimately, suc ceeded in restoring partial order. . The members of the brass band having been collected together, a lively tnne was struck up, which attracted the enraged electors to the hust ings again ; and Mr. Mildred continued his speech amidst considerable interruption. One man was brutally kicked in the face, but no lives were sacrificed. ?'.''. The Returning Officer now requested a show of hands in favour of Mr. Kingston ; and, having counted them, re quested a show of hands in favour of Mr. Mildred, which were also counted; and, on comparing numbers, the Re turning Officer declared the show of hands to be in favour of Mr. Kingston, which declaration was followed by im mense cheering, in the course of which a few hisses were indistinctly heard. A . poll was now formally demanded for Mr. Mildred ; and the Returning- Officer announced that tho some would . take place at the Burra Hotel on the 10th instant. Three cheers were then given for the Returning Officer, and the band was again in lively operation. Three cheers were given for each of the candidates ; and Mr. Kingston's party, out of the wreck of their banner, made two or three flags, with which they paraded the town ship, headed by the band, with all the pomp and satisfaction , of triumph. * We must not omit to state that Mr. Mason, acting land lord of the Hotel, deserves every credit for his unremitting exertions and attention on the occasion. 