THE BISHOP'S CHARGE. AT much inconvenience, aud to the exclusion of advertisements and other matter prepared for this day's paper, we make room for the Charge of , Dr SHORT as delivered to his p ler gy on lhe 9th insL Under circumstance, we think : < 1 it " an act of " simple justice ~ - ' to '" his ^Lordship 1 " that this document should be in the hands of the lay members of the Church before their meeting on Tuesday. We have not been able to make room for tbe extracts interpolated in the charge since it was delivered, and we have been obliged to a slight extent to curtail the charge itself. We have only omitted, however, a few passages which appeared to bo of minor consequence, and each case where an omission has been made we have indicated by asterisks :— My Reverend Brethren— It is a season of solemn interest when the Ministers of the Church are assembled together, as we are this day, to give an account of our stewardship, and to consult together for our mutual edification, concerning the things of the kingdom of God. I might address you indeed, as one having authority in the Church, * to reprove, if need be, to exhort, and to rebuke";' lor the Providence of God follows the same course iu;the Church as in the world ; and where * things are to be done decently and in order, there must be audiority to enforce that order; and however distributed may be that authority, there must be some Head in which its ultimate force resides: at once the symbol of its existence, and the instrument by which it is administered. In claiming for the office to wh,ch by D,%in ' e ermisslon 1 have P T caUed tI,e first ' P laceof authority in the Ministry—next the D,v,ne Hta d . of , the Church—1 must not be understood lmrll'rstnn/] to fn assert accurf for fnr it il either «if!iop sole inln or nr despotic JpcnnttA power. nntiwr Neither the language of Scripture, nor the usage of the Primitive Church, sanction any such view of the Episcopal Office. The Canons of the Church of England expressly affirm the contrary. In legislation, in the enforcement of discipline, in some of the higher functions of his peculiar ministry, the examination namely for Holy Ordeis of Priesthood, the Bishop is instructed by_ the Canons of A D. 1603, not to act without the' assistance of the Presbyters. Reference to the Preface and to Canons 31, 34, 35 and 122, will at once confirm this view; and that, in legislative matters at least, such was the ancient principle of our Church, can be shown from the Synod assembled at Hertford, A.D. 673; in which Presbyters were present and assisted. A brief comparison of the xv., xvi., and xxi. chapters of tbe Acts of the Apostles, will further show how strictly in this respect our Church is in accordance with the form and practice of the Apostolic Church as delineated in the Scriptures. 1 have dwelt wore at length upon this point, because a different impression of the nature aud duties of the Episcopal Office often prevails among strangers to our Communion ; and even among ill-instructed members of our Church. It is assumed, 1 know not on what grounds—in face of the documents to which 1 have alluded—that the Bishops of our Church claim to exercise a monarchical power not only over the Clergy, but over the Laity; and not a little jealousy has been evinced on various occasions, or rather the surmises of a watchful suspiciousness have found utterance, as if the temptation to act as Lords over God's heritage was exclusively confined to tiie Episcopal Office, and not common to man ; to every individual, whether Priest, or Deacon; Minister, or Pastor; Superintendent, or Moderator; to Councils, or Conclaves; Synods, or Convocations; Assemblies, Conferences, or Conventions; or by .whatever name Ecclesiastical Legislative Bodies are distinguished. Viewing the Christian' Church as a great spiritual commonwealth, comprising in itself a confederacy independent Churches—one in doctrine, discipline, ministry, and sacraments—there is apparently no reason why its Government should not harmonise and represent the feelings of all orders and degrees of tmen, even as the Great Head of the Church was Himself he saviour-of the Body, in contrast with the turbuiance oj the world, trying in succession every form of Government between Despotism -wd Anarchy, the Christian Church under the A postolic form of a Spiritual Commonwealth was designed perhaps to tcach mankind the principles of Constitutional Government, in which there might be subordination without serviiity, «nd authority regulated by law. Such at least are tiie principles of that Church as interpreted by the Church of England, and such, therefore, it is my duty to uphold. If 1 may presume to adopt the simple but emphatic words of the Bishop of New Zealand, when addressing his Clerical Brethren as I am, in his primary charge—« 1 cannot delegate to any the power of Government and Coercion inherent in the Episcopate; but 1 can, and therefore desire to guard it from hasty and ill-considered exercise, by consulting the wishes, and eliciting the opinion of the general body of the Church. 1 will neither act without you, nor can you act without me.' * * * * In the mean time while legal difficulties stand in the way of the Synodical action of our Church in what 1 am about to address yon, 1 desire rather to offer my opinions, than to speak as it were ex cathedra: and 1 do so the more readily, as being well aware that neither the leisure, nor means of study, nor oppoitunity of conference with older and more approved soldiers of Christ have been within my reach since placcd over the affairs of this Diocesan Church. Within the course of three short years, which have elapsed since 1 arrived in the colony, it has been my lot to vovage to Western Australia, and New South Wales. 1 have visited King George's Sound, and Melbourne, Port Lincoln, and Spencer's Guif, the Eastern coast of our own Provir.ce as well as ridden over most of the more settled parts of it. I11 addition to the ordinary duties of preacliing the Word every Sabbath day: maintaining correspondence with the Societies and friends of the Church in England : the building of Churches and School-rooms : the settlement of Ministers: and latterly, 1 regret to add, legal questions of some importance to the Church have made large inroads upon my time. Amid such occupations it has been little possible to commence or continue that course of Theological study which makes men conversant -with the wisdom of the great and good of all ages, in whose concurrent interpretation of the Scriptures, we may hope, if at all, to find the mind of the Spirit. Debarred then in great measure from this privilege, by the circumstances of the- Diocese, 1 des'ie rather to propound views, than to pronounce decisions: to offer suggestions, rather than lay dowif rules. 1 trust they will be received in the spirit in which they are offered—of candour, good-will, and humbleness of mind. * * * * * The subjects which principally engaged the attention of the Bishops were such as belong rather to the organisation of the colonial Church than questions of doctrine. Happily one such topic only came under review in consequence of recent proceedings in England, and on this 1 shall by and by take occason briefly to speak. Most of us who have been ac customed in England to a course of proceeding in Ecclesiastical matters legulated by Law and long- established custom, are little aware of the difficulties which beset the working of the system of the Church, where, as in this colony, it is unknown, of if known, scarcely recognised by the Civil Courts. The Church has ceased to be legally established, and territorial. Parishes are merely Ecclesiastical districts. The Clergy no longer enjoy corporate rights. They cannot hold property by virtue of their Ecclesiastical Offices. Hence arises the necessity for trustees in whom the legal estate of the Church aud its property becomes vested. The ancient, custoinaiy, and popular office of the churchwardens is partially abrogated, some of its duties devolve upon the trustees ; persons who may live at a distance, or take little or no interest in the spiritual welfare of 'he congregation, or who may be unable to comply with the duties required of churchwardens both by the Rubrics and Canons ; incompetent therefore to represent the feelings of the congregation who support the minister, and maintain Divine Worship in the church which they have built, as well as provide for its repairs. The necessity, then, of a trust deed, by which the mode of carrying out the trusts generally stated in the conveyance of the site should be fixed, is apparent. * * * * F trust, with the suggestions of the clergy, the aid of the Registrar of die Diocese, and tbe concurrence of the laity, to have such a model, deed drawn up, as may, on application to the Local Legislature, receive the sanction of its authority. Other points connected with the internal discipline of the Church present equal difficulties. The body of Ecclesiastical Law has not yet been adapted to the wants aud necessities of the colonial Churches. There is no settled form of process by which an offending minister, whether bishop, priest, or deacon, is to be brought to trial ; no regularly constituted Court; no power of administering an oath, or compelling tbe attendance of a witness; no form of appeal to the metropolitan ; and while the Ecclesiastical Law recognises in the bishop the right * to withhold, suspend, or revoke the license of any clergyman' iu the diocese (without which license he cannot lawfully minister as a clergyman of the Church of England • the sentence of the ordinary does not carry with it legal force to dispossess the minister so punished of his benefice. The subject, however, has attracted attention iu high quarter at home; and we must trust that such a measure will be framed which, with the assent of the Local Legislature, may place the legal status of the minister and church officers of our Church, as well as thore of other communions, on a more satisfactory footing. Another question of great practical importance connected with the legal position of the Church iu this colony, at least, is this: Who has a right to claim her rites and offices? In England the Church is territorial, established, and endowed. Every parishioner possesses a legal right to the ministrations of the Church, if duly baptised and not under sentence of the greater or lesser excommunication. He may claim Christian baptism, Christian instruction, pastoral visitation, the marriage benediction, and Christian burial at the hands of her ministers. But in a colony where no such established or territorial Church is recognised by law, the case is totally different Here no legal obligation ex^ts compelling you, as ministers, to celebrate the rites of our Church for strangers to her worship and aliens from her fellowship. But while you are thus free, from legal compulsion, chaiity dictates diat you should not unreasonably refuse to minister in those cases where the absence, of other ministrations would operate as a hardship or scandal. In so delicate a matter as the burial of the dead, in which lhe conscience of the officiating minister, sometimes the feeliugs of the relatives, and lastly the spiritual discipline of the Church are involved ; in the absence of any rule by law established, it is well to beai in mind the principle that * mercy rejoiceth against judgment.' Until, however, the Synodical action of the Church is restored, and the assent of the whole body of the Church, both clergy and laity, can be obtained, much must be left to the judgment and discretion of the individual ministci. Even the Imperial Parliament 1 apprehend is not now competent to deal with these questions; nor can the supremacy of the Queen justly be invoked to such an extent, without the assent of the clergy and laity of tbe province. The claim indeed of legislative power by the State in mixed ecclesiastical and spiritual matters may easily be pushed beyond its due limits, and though the civil magistrate ever have exercised since the revelation * of the Mosaic Lawgiver, supreme authority, in all causes and over all persons comprising the body politic, yet spiritual things, tbe ministry of the Word and Sacraments, whether in the Jewish or Christian Churches, have ever been reserved to an appointed priesthood 1 While then we ought to be ever ready, according to the principles of our Church, to uphold the combined though independent action of the powers that be, ecclesiastical and civil, it must be with a reservation of that spiritual authority which belongs to the ministers of the Word ; and tbe inalienable right of congregations to put away from among themselves a wicked person ! The union of Church and State under the above limitation follows as a necessary consequence, if the powers that be are ordained of God, not merely to secure the being, but to promote the well-being of society. Their office is not solely to render life and property secure, but to cultivate the highest and best state of all who compose the body politic. And if the society consists of Christians, there surely can be no question among them that the doctrine and the law of Christ is the salt which is to preserve .the State from corruption and decay. There is a power which the Gospel possesses independent of the Church, as an ordinance of God. I for my part believe that thtre is one Catholic and Apostolic Church, one Apostolically cpminissicned ministry in it;*, but amid conflicting opinions cm this subject, the question for the State to consider is, whether, when all Christians agree in the great doctrines aud morals of the Gospel, it shall not best secure the well-being of society, -by encouraging and aiding the teaching of Christianity, without confining that teaching to the agency of one body of Christian teachers, however venerable msiy be the claims of the Church to which they belong. Even if the office of the State be limited solely to the preservation of life and property ; and for these ends alone the powers that be are arined with the civil swo:d, then it would appear not. oniy by the argument a fortiori* but by the whole tenor and spirit of the Gospel, that a Christian Government must have a right, aud lie under the obligation, to teach that niorai law of God, for the violation of which it ex^icises the high prerogative of inflicting death. If love be a more poiverful motive than fear, if even public executions are found to harden rather than terrify, surely it is the wisdom and duty of a Christian Government to educate the young and instruct the old, rather than leave men to tbe wild passions of their corrupt nature, and the unrestrained habits of colonial iif«-. Police, aiid jails, and criminal sessions are at best but miserable substitute* for the moral and spiritual teaching of Christianity. But while invoking the aid of the State for the promotion of Christian education and the supply of Christian ordinances, it may be asked, 011 the other hand, are there no dangers to be apprehended, no evi-s to be guarded against, in such a union of Chureh ana State ? Undoubtedly there are! and it is but too plain that the Church of Eng:and has suffered in time past from the trammels of State establishment. I would willingly, it 1 dared, draw a veil over the spots and L'leiiiixiies of cur beloved Mother, not indeed what she is in her>eif, but vviiat worldly power has made her. Many indeed of thosr bieniishts are in course of removal : let us thank God tor it, and in patience possess our souls. Let us pray that our rulers may never desire to use her rather as an engine of State than as the teacher of the oracies of God. And here 1 connct but touch upon a subject which has agitated the bosom of our C hurch during the past twelvemonth, the consequences of which it is yet impossible to foresee. 1 allude to the iate judgment of the Privy Council. 1 should indeed have preferred to be silent altogether on the subject, as removed to a distance from the scene of agitation ; but the connection of this judgment with doctrine, with die union of Church and State, with the principle of interpretation applicable to our Liturgy aud Articles; and the notice* which has been taken of it in this diocese, require from me a distinct handliug of the subject to the best of my judgment and ability. 1 would simply give my own opinion as one who, 1 hope, has received mercy to be faithful. * * * * * With regard to the first point—the constitution of the Court, I hardly suppose that any one would so wish to extend * the Queen's supremacy ill ail causes and over all persons' as to think the Crown enjoyed by Divine right, the authority to define the doctrine of the Church in the last resort. What our Reformers denied to the Bishop of" Koine, 1 can hardly suppose they intended to yield to the Sovereign ! It is an anomaly surely in any Church that the civil power shod d thus exercise filial authority in coniroversies of the faith. See Ait. XXI. "I In conjunction therefore with the Pi elates of England, who proposed a modification in the constitution of diat Court, I confess that I think it might be improved, and ought to be altered. With regard to the judgment itself, we are informed, extrajudicially, by one of the members of that august Court— august for the learning, age, and experience of the great lawyers of whom it was composed, that it neither decided, nor pretended to decide, any question of doctrine. What they determined was, the legal force of the language of the Church formularies, and that such language did not exclude the holder of certain opinions from institution to a benefice. In so doing it is to be temembered that no definite i>sue, no specific propositions were placed before it as erroneous. It was left to draw out of a long series of questions and answers, what was supposed to be, not the particular error, but the general teaching of the defendant. To tois the decision was applied ; and so far as regards the legal force of the language of the Church, so far it must be acquiesced in ; if not set aside by competent authority, l he important question however still remains—how far the legal force and real intention o) the language of the Church agree. They are not always identical. Inasmuch as the. judgment admits spiritual grace to be imparted in the sacramen£ of baptism (though not confining the gift to the moment of administering that ordinance - 20 far, at least, it docs not contradict the p'ain language of the baptismal service; nor restrict the teaching of those; who believe with the Article, that sacraments are really * effectual signs of grace.® The tolerant spirit of the decision is its best feature ; the uncertainty of teaching which it appears to sanction its wor»«t. It is true that no exact definition of regeneration is to be found in the formularies themselves; and therefore before I proceed in this discussion, I beg to state in what sense 1 use the word : since much ot misunderstanding arises from two different meanings being attached to the same term. I do not mean then that secret inward operation, by which at some definitef period or other of life Calvin taught, the specially elect were instantaneously regenerated by the power of the Spirit coming on them irresistibly and indefectibly; but I undeistand, in accordance as I believe with the teaching of our. Church, that gifts of God whereby a child of wrath is capacitated through the maission of sins, and enabled spiritually to enter upon newness of life. * * * * * For myself, at least, I cannot see the simplicity or godly sincerity of secretly indulging mental reserve while using such positive language ; more especially as belief of some spiritual grace given, is made the groundwork of farther prayer, viz., •that the child so regenerated 4 may live the remainder of its life according to that beginning; and that it may utterly abolish the whole body of sin; and as he is made partaker ot the death of the Son, he may also be of His resui rection.® In this view of the efficacy of baptism, I am happy to cite the authority of his Grace tbe Archbishop of Canterbury, who with die late Bishop Ryder and an immense body of theologians from the second century to the present day, maintain the sacrament of baptism to be an cflectuai sign of grace. If, indeed, as Primate, he declines to resist the decision of the highest Court of the law; if be hesitates to declare a pious, if mistaken, brother in the ministry a heretic, still there is no reason to think that he himseif has substantially altered the sound teaching of bis Book on ' Apostolical Preaching,* We stili read in the latest edition of that work the following passages, p. )60, 1832 and 1850:—« On the authority of this example that of Paul Rom. vi., 3 ; viiL 15 ; and Gal. iii. 26 and of the undeniab e practice of the first ages of Christianity, our Church considers baptism as conveying regeneration, instructing us to pray before baptism, that the infant may be born again, and made an heir of everlasting salvation ; and to return thanks after baptism, that it hath pleased God to regenerate the infant with His Holy Spirit, and receive him for bis own child by adoption.' Again, p. 167, 1832 and 1850:—' Happy for our Church the framcrs of its rituals took their doctrine from the general tenor and promises of Scripture, and by a providential care extending over a Church so framed, the succeeding believers in Calvin were never allowed to introduce their subtleties into her intelligible and rational formularies. Therefore we are instructed to declare, that those who are devoted to Christ as infants by baptism are regenerate ; accepted of God in the beloved; and dying without actual sin,.are undoubtedly saved.' Again, p. 176, 1832 and 1850:—* If baptism is not accompanied with such an effushm of the Holy Spirit toward the inward renewing of the heart, that the person baptised, who of himself, and of his own nature could do no good, by this amendment or regeneration of his nature is enabled to bring forth thirty, or sixty, or a hundred fold, giving all diligence to " make his calling and election sure;" if the effect, I say, of baptism is less than this, what becomes of the declaration made by John, " 1 indeed baptise with water, but he who conies after me shall baptise with the Holy Ghost ?" '—and before: * It is indeed a sufficient confutatiou of the doctrine of. *' special grace," that it reduces baptism to an empty rite, an external mark of admission into the visible Church, attended with no real grace, and therefore .conveying no real benefit; nor advancing a person one step towards salvation.' In reference to the Archbishop's statement respecting the followers of Calvin, it has been satisfactorily shown (Laurence's Bampton Lectures, Serm vii. note 14; viiL note 6, 11; iii. note 16, 17; j that Melancthon, whose sentiments and spirit were most influential with the Reformers of our Church, held very different sentiments on the subject of ( special grace ' from those of -the great Genevan Reformer. While Zwingle boldly affirmed all infants, whether baptised or not, to be within the Covenant .of Redemption, sealed in tbe blood of tbe'Lamb, and Calvin taught particular election and reprobation, Melancthon and Luther chose a middle path. They did not'presume to extend the blessings of the Christian dispensation beyond those who were called and dedicated to God, through the ordinances of the Christian Church.' As by the instrumentality of circumcision tbe Jew had been nationally elected to certain privileges, so in baptism they considered tlat an elect people of God had been chosen out of mankind to be inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven. The close of the 17th Article, which states that the promises of God are to be received as they are generally (not specially) set forth in Scripture intimates this view.' Protest piis tenere quod promissio sit universalis, nec debe. in us de Toluntate Dei aliter judicare quam juxta Verbum Bevelatnm. Laurence, page 415: Melancthon, opp. vol iv. 499 It has been also shown that our Liturgy hns been framed in accordance with that general tenor of God's pioniises. Thus in the prayer of Confession the penitent pleads the promises ofGod in Christ 'declared to mankind,' not to the elect. The Absolution opens with affirming that God * desireth not the death of a sinner:' therefore ha> reprobated .tone from eve.lasting. In the suffrages after the Collects, we prav that God may not «take away His Holy Spirit from us :* wherefore grace is not indefectible; in the Burial of the Dead * diat we may not in our last hours, for any pains of death* fall from God.' And in the General Thanksgiving we bless God for His * inestimable love in the redemption ol tbe world' through tbe death of His Son. ..The promises or God then, as generally set forth in Scripture, are also generally set forth in the Liturgy ; and relying on these general premises {SLC-h for example as that Christ ' tasted death for every man' > our Church brings infauts to holy baptism, not doubting that God thus assures them of His favour, and puts them in a state of salvation. Conformably to this system our Chu.ich has also manifested anxious care in the choice of sponsors, who and what they should be ; and has pointed out their duties, both in her canons and at tbe close of tbe Baptismal Service. She has taked heed to procure fit and proper persons for that office; aiid again she requires before Confirmation, careful catechising and examination. by each porochial minuter, of die candidates they may present for that solemn rite. As far as her directions then are concerned there is no want of attention, that the baptised child may be • Christianly and virtuously brought up * She does not then rest in the ordinance as saving in itself, but siu.ply as the first step, so far as the ministry of man is concerned, in the regenerate life. * * * • # 1 shall-close these remarks by citing the following striking passages, from a writer certainly ttuder no bias in favour of the views 1 have expressed—* All Christian parents feel that in bringing their children to the font, they are obeying the natural instincts of a Christian heart, by dedicating their new- born offspring to the service of God, in the hope and prayer that the rest of their life may be led according to this beginning. And whatever may be the response} which particular portions of the service of the Church of England may awaken in their minds, yet with its main spirit, with its fundamental idea, they recognise in themselves the most entire sympathy.' * " * * * '« 1 pass to the subject of education, which is intimately connected both with the moral theory of the State and with the efficacy of Christian baptism. With regard to the latter, 1 would venture to ask with what hope can the Christian set about the work of bringing up children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord, unless he believes that those chiidreu'are accepteJj n the beloved : have received remission of birvh sin: and grace sufficient to work righteonsness ? And with respect to tbe nature of education, if it be the duty of a Christian Government to provide for the moral well-beiug of the people, then it must be a dereliction of duty not to take care that children be Chi istianly and virtuou>ly brought up. Secular instruction has no tide to be called education: and here again 1 will quote, as from an unbiassed source, a passage from the same number of the Edinburgh Review, p. 125, on Church and State Education——* Let us here state, once for all, our conviction that religion ought to lie at the foundation of the whole life of the school: that tbe teacher should be in the highest sense of the word a religious man, positive and sincere in his belief, and firm in his principles ; and that in regard to the pupil teachers, who, as their apprenticeships expire, vrill be entrusted by the State to tbe Church to be educated, there rests npon her, in this matter, a heavy responsibility. The religious character of the teacher, and his earnestness in his work being sudposed, the religious education of the children so far as that may by human means be provided for, follows as a necessity.' In melancholy contrast, however, with these sound and Christian views are the sentiments put forth in a report lately presented to the Legislative Council of this colony, in which some pains seem to be taken to prove that the duty of the State in aiding to edueate the people, should be t-olely confined to secular learning. That this is the tendency of the age is evident from the colleges lately established on this principle in Ireland, as well as the University of Sydney, which following the model of that of London, leaves out the Christian religion as an essentia) part of education. That Civil Governments should thus as it were ignore the Kingdom ofthe Redeemer, is the proper chastisement of the Church for its divisions. As our blessed Lord prayed for the union of His disciples, ' that the world might know that God had sent him;' we need not marvel that disunion among them should lead to the denial oy the world of His Truth, and Majesty, and Authority. Perhaps the great Apostacy may be marked by this very sign : that the Powers which be in each earthly state shall carry on Government without tbe acknowledgment of God or Christ in this world ! Let His Church then look to its own divine commission and its own appointed Work ; and let us feed the lambs of Christ, not merely with the beggarly elements of worldly knowledge; let us, indeed, impart that knowledge but in subordination to the higher claims of religious teaching. 1 would earnestly entreat the Clergy to use their best endeavours to establish schools within their several districts, which, while based on the definite Christian principles of our Church, shall yet respect the religious scruples of those parents who not being members of our Church, cannot accept he.' whole Religious Teaching as unreservedly as those who are its avowed members. If we cannot make all members of the Church, let us at least teach them tbe principles of Christianity. My efforts shall not be wanting to give efficiency to such schools by a Diocesan system of inspection, in which 1 hope tojtake a personal share. And here, 1 cannot bat advert to the Sunday School, not as a substitute for, or merely supplemental to, but as the crowning work of parochial education. It was gratifying to know, on a late occasion, that nearly one thousand childtea were assembled belonging to our Sunday Schools in the neighbourhood of the City of Adelaide. Looking to the future progress of the colony, in these schools may be implanted principles which shall prove the stability of the colony and blessing of oui'children's children. And from them, also, perhaps, may be culled at successive stages, and by careful watchfulness, the Sunday School teacher, die Parochial Visitor, the Schoolmaster, Catechist, or even Candidate for Holy Orders. In our own Diocemn Church we ought to be able to supply the means of education, whereby young per&ons;, whose hearts the Lord opens to the holy and selfdenying duties of the Ministry. maybe prepaied, with all the appliances of Biblical aud Theological learning, to undertake their arduous task, in the exigencies of a newlyformed colony, it seemed necessary to use more largely than on the whole is desirable, Lay Agency 'in the reading of Prayer, and exhorting the people to holiness. * * * * w The principles of our Church can nowhere be so well in. stilled as in the upper classes of the Sunday School; and until this Is systematically done, it will, 1 think, be in vain to expect an intelligent and reasonable preference of the Church over the various sects which will tempt them away from her Apostolic ministry and venerable liturgy as they advance in years. Thus, also, will the injunction of our Church to catechise the young on each Lord's Day be complied with in substance and spirit. To one thing at least let us pledge ourselves with heart and soul: never to countenance as education any system of instruction which casts God and Christ out of his own creation and redeemed world. * If we deny Him He will also deny us.' * If we suffer with Him we shall also reign with him.' The time is perhaps coming when we of the Church of England shall have to * endure haidship as good soldieis of Jesus Christ.' The time is come when men -will not endure sound doctrine. It behoves us therefore to be * wise as serpents and harmless as doves.' ' The wisdom which is. from above is .first pure gnfl then peaceable,' and the Apostie enjoins us as far as possible to * live peaceably with all men.' «It most needs be that offences come,' but it is my conviction that forbeatance on the part of the clergy will eventually overcome all such offences, and win even from their opponents respect, if not adhesion to all their plans and views. 1 believe a quiet conscientious painstaking clergyman will disarm opposition and ^gather round him ^he affections of his people. The language add.esstd by the Son of God to the Prophet Daniel may well encourage you as Ministers of Christ *in pa» tience to possess your souls.' «Ge thou thy way until the end be: for thou shalt rest and stand in thy lot at the end of the days.* lf by God's mercy and blessing this Diocese should continue to be favoured by tiie raising up in it a pious, well-instructed, discreet, and zealous clergy, then Indeed it will be (natter of thankfulness that God has put it into the hearts of His {>eople to build Churches for His worship and to the glory of His name. For the general guidance of the Clergy on matters of detail; in which as far as may be, it is desirable to observe uniformity, the Bishops in the Conference at Sydney drew up certain general directions as to the mode of carrvingSfcut the Services of the Church. Convinced of your willingness to conform to the Rules given us in the Book of Common Prayer, 1 think it unnecessary to do more than generally call vour attention to the opinions there expressed. On one subject alone 1 wonld observe, namel , the great importance of making returns of niairiages solemnized by you to the proper quarter, either th« Registrar of the Diocese or the Registrar-General ; and in connection with this topic 2 may remark that there is no power in the Colony or Diocese to grant divorce. A Canon of our Church also forbids the remarriage of parties who have even been separated a mensa et toro. If, from this strictness, in some cases hardship may arise, the very difficulty of separation may, on the other hand, act as a warning not to* undertake this important step of life * unadvisedly, but discreetly and in the fear of God.' At all events, neither I nor you have jpower to solemnize intermarriage with" other parties in the case of those who are separated from each other a mensa tt toro. Divorce a vinculo matrimonii is beyond our authority and contralto the decision of our Church in the Canon above alluded to. * * * * * In one respect we may consider the hand of Providence especially manifest in our work ; I mean in the Mission to the natives now in course of establishment at Port Lincoln. To this Diocese and to this Church: belongs the honourable office of offering the Gospel to the aborigines. A missionary spirit is a fair test of the liveliness of zeal which exists in any body of Christians; and if one thing was more gratifying to the Christian heart than another in the lite Conference at Sydney, it was when surrounded by his brethren and encouraged by his Metropolitan, the Bishop of New Zealand propounded to a crowded and deeply interested audience the scheme of establishing a Board of Missions looking on the one hand to the Australian native and on the other to the numerous tribes which inhabit the New Hebrides and other islands of the Western Pacific. Many a prayer was then lifted up for the * remnant that is left, and many a vow made to dedicate some portion of worldly substance to the Evangelization of the heathen races of this our adopted country. For myself, I entertain no doubt that some will be gathered into the fold of the Redeemer, and 1 believe that it will be permitted to our Reverend Brother Archdeacon Hale * to see of the travail of his soul and be satisfied.' At all events, let us, as a Church, as members of Christ, or as individual Christians, clear our souls from the blood of these children of our home—doing what we can for their deliverance from the bondage of Satan, * by whom they are now led captive at bis will.' 1 have now briefly and inadequately touched upon those subjects which seem to me at this time of more immediate importanceto the welfareofourChurch. 1 shall gladly confer with my Brethren on these subject individually ; or 1 shall be willing to receive from them collectively, such suggestions as they may have to offer. Mutual edification should be our object, mutual love our constant aim, and the subject of our most earnest prayer. 1 remain, Your faithful friend and Brother in the Lord, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. 