DOMESTIC GAZETTE. THE AUSTRALIAN EPISCOPAL CHURCH. . From tho Sydney Voice i« iho Wildoruoso. If a church inrrender i a spiritual liberty, on whatever groand it may do bo,' mud whatever it mry plead in justification of the act to melt or to others, it ia chargeable with erasiianism. But the Church of England does much more than surren der its apiriiual liberty i in its canons ai is dear from the specimens adduced in our last number, it distinctly pro claims ibe doctrine, and requires ac- quieiceoce lo it oo palo of excom munication, that, fur itaelf, it has no right to apiritaal liberty, and (bat no other rellgiout body has a right even to exist within the territory of Eng land. When, after surveying the erastlss and intolerant character of tlie canons we conaidrr their origin and the pur pose they were intended to trrveaud to which tbey were immediately app'led we cannot but deplore that the eccleii- atl'cal tulers of the moat muv.eroua denomination of Christiana in these colonies ehould sympathise with them. Dr. Bancroft, bishop of London, after- wsrds archbishop of Canterbury, the yeopbant, who. falling on his knees, aaid to the king, in course of the Hampton -court conference, " I protest my he.rt roelielb for joy, that Al mighty God, of faia singular me cy, has given oa such a king, as since Christ's time hath not been," a fa vourer ol poprty, as appeara from his maintairirg several popish prieita in his house, ard ihe me cilcss persecu tor of tbe puritsiis, was the autliot of (.lie cauons. And oo sooner was he armed with lha power, with which Ihe canons, ratified by the king, invested him, than he exercised it with great ' vigour, in enforcing uniformity in re gard lo the festivals of ihe church, the u e of vestments, such a. copes, and caps, and hoods, the administration of the sacraments, &c.;, and in pun ishing uneonfor-xiisli In the persecu tion, tbns originated and carried on hy means of the canons, up wards of three hundred ministers were deprived of their livings or si lenced, some of Lhem being excum- municated and imprisoned, wbila others sought an asylum iu exile. Nor was the excommunicillon wilh which those were punished who, in conducting the worship and tha go vernment of the Church refused to substitute the proclam.tiona of King James and ifce canons ol ur. tiaucrotl for the law. of Christ, a mere spiri tual censure. The most serious civil consequences were attached to it ; the cxcomuiuoicstrd, for ex.mple, could not sue far their lawful debts. The Puseyism cf onr Australasian prrlates might be inferred somewhat confidently, io the absence of more direct and explicit evidence, from terttin peculiarities of phraseology which we observe in the minute of their conference. Thus they speak of " boly communion," and " holy D.ptism, ana out ot (tie communion ana baptism simply, the aim evidently beicg to convey the impression of some extraordinary virtue in those ordi nance!. They probably fear, and perhaps justly, that, In the cool tem perature of the aimpte terms, the expanded and extravagant expecta tions, which, by -pretending to (he power of conveying grace by metot of the aacramenls, they deliberately raise, could not fail to experience a dangerous collapse. Tbe puscyiam, of which we should be led, by the specirs of phraseology oo which we have ju-t remarked, at least, to snspect the exialence, ap pears in hold relief, and is deliber ately proclaimed as (be doctiioe of the Anglican Church ia the view of ibe efficacy of baptism, giren by five of the six confining prelates. )' We believe," they ssy, " regenera libit To be the work of God in the sacrament of baptism, by which in fants baplited with water, io the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, die unto sin, and rise again onto righteoneneir, and arel tnade members of .Cbrin, children of God, and inheri tors of the kingdan of heaven — that Ibis regeneration ia the particular grace prayed for, and expected and thankfully acknowledged to hire been received in the biniamal services — that it ia tbe dac'riae of our cbut-ch that all infants do by bpptism receive this grace of regene ration." Nohing can be more explicit than this statement ; and it is exactly the pnteytte a id the popish determination of the question ivspectlng the efficacy of bsptiitn. It represent! regenors'ioo, indeed, as ib<- work of God ; but, then, it ascribes to ihe officiating minister the power Of pvescribi-g when and io whose case it shall be effected- How dishonour ing to God -such a doctrint! He forrp tb must regenerate every infant whom a al.o ts-ghled sinful ctealnre bapixet 1 But, though the five prelates believe that every iofinl, when bap tised, "dies unto ato," they do not belleva that oo baptised infant, oo becoming a man, will live in sin ; and tboty' tbey bclra that every infant, ' jyjigq fxptlsed, ia "made an inheritor of the fciagdom of heaven." they do THrt-bplievo that all baptised Infants shlill lut inherit that kingdom. "tVe believe," they aay, In completi their creed on the subject of bap ism, "that a wilful n-glect of the means of grace does rot prove that the gift of regeneration was never received, bill in thoip, who so fall away after bap- ti-m, we believe that the consequence effect of their having heen regene rated is lo aggiavste their guilt." They might as well declare tbelr belief — and whit s'range simplicity not to perceive this! — that regetie-a- lion is no regeneration, thai it is an utter nullity, implying no change end securing no reiull. Of what use ia regeneration, if the regenerate rasy neglect tbe means of grace, not far s season merely but to the end of life, and thus peri.h eternally ? Aud in what conceivable sense can those be made Inheritors of the kingdom of heaven who shall never inherit it 7 It is utifoiLuosle for their doctrioe that there Is not, io the case of adults, the same exemption from the t-a imony ol facts respecting tha state rf the heart, as there is in the case of infant' —for if there were, they might maintain, sa coniii'cncy seems to require, that those who die unto sis shall not live io it, and that tbe inheritors of the kingdom of heaven inherit that kingdom. We can think however of no rrprdient by which they can secure for their chu:cb this advantage, if lh»y do not aeiae, at a t early age, i'a bap'iamally regenerated members, and cunfiuelhem in convents and if accessary in solitary cells, that, the occasion, of ac ivily b-ing snnihililed, the vacancy of infancy and i s ailenre as lo character may b- realored to their 1 vet. And, if minitrslatiooi'or charae'er can not altogether be prevented, the veil of an effectual concealment will he Ibrutvn over them by thii arrangement. The infirmities and even Ihe enormities of the c'oisler will not he exposed to the in-peclioo of the world. If such a convcnlial syi'em should be impractible, as we fear it might, it would afford great relief to our Anglican maititainers of baplUmal virtue, if, as they believe so much with papists — swallow very camels in believing with them, they would admit the anlinomian error also into their liqnor, and believe, further, I It at the regenerate have nothing to do with (he requirement! of the moral law, that lo them there is no di, line ion of right and wrong and that their sins thrrifure are not sins. This doctrine would at once eo.b'e them lo represent rec-oiralton at an available, and not, like transubitantialioo, a mere nominal change, and to concur wilh the rest of mankind in under standing by an inheritor, whether of the k'ngdom of hraven or of any riling else, oue who actually inht ri s. It 1 would be a great advantage lo ihrir doctrine to he thus harmonised wilh common s-nse; and it would clearly give a far mure exalted idea of the -acerdolal power if tbey could at all make it out that the re generation which ia wrought io bap tism is an enduring and serviceable change. Perhapi, however, to their rniodi, 'here may be something lofty sod chivalrous to believing a doctrioe that breaks dowa before it is carried but ba'f way to its proper Issue, while they regard the belief of a doctrine that i. free from such a de'ect and that labours under no inch drawback from i s credibility, as a common place achi-vemenl. Perhaps, ton, the belief of aurh a doctrine may be a good means of subjugating men's miuds, and rendering them more sub missive to authority than tbey could be experted to be, if their faith were more rational ind bracing. The bishop of Melbonroe, net fo'ly tatiafied, it seem, with the atatemeot emitted by hia brother prelates as to Ibe efficacy off baptism, emit ed a dis tinct alaiement of hia own. Thia Statement, v-e must confeii hat grie- vocal y disappointed oa. It is not at aII sacba leriimoDY 1 we ahnnld ri- prct ma able eriDgeical mioiner woolj betr ftgrimt prevtliag perDicinui error. The mnit favourable tbiog we cq ur of it is. (hL 11 perhioi admit., whil» (he alitemenL of bit brethren doe not idmit, of being understood in a scriptural eose. But ureTy, under such circumstance it wa« to be cspeced the! one who preacbe the trulb would be careful to proclaim it io such ternii AS ihou'd leave no room for uocpriaiaiy or mistake. !l ( nnlv hv aiirh a nroelflmninn rtf 1L .. -- J -J — T " thai be could discharge his dutf to Christ, to the Church and to periihiag sinners. Ii is ouly by regarding Dr. Perry's sUtemeut & u aliempt to e&prcsi; scripiural r'f»i oo the subject of baptism, wi'hout plaiuly conlrediciing lh fo'iliy fctnul sriei of hiiObnrch, i hat we can 1 all account to ourelvc retaiulug the cpinioo of him whirh we have formed, for ihe s rsogrlr equivocal charac er of his sUtereeot. Io Mb anxiety (o lale the doctrine of tcriplurt, be seems, 1 the outlet, to diverge from ibe prayer- book, and, then, iob a xnxtely to adjust hi state ment to (be prayer-book, be seems to diverge from script a re. And from scripiere we very much fear be hai di verged. For though he detcflbei re- geueraiioa as " that of the spirit of God opou the heart, whieb prodocet a deah unto s!u, aaJ a new birth oclo ribteoaiaNf/'iia adds that H i the parttcolar grace which is (baokfully acknowledged lo bare been received io the bapiiitnaliertice." lie informs us. indeed, thsf, io this acknowledgment, the Church speaks "only the language of faith and hope, end is viol to be understood as declaring positively a fact which it cannot certainly koow," But how can it thankfully acknowledge (he regeneration of newly bap'ised infants if it does not and canoot know that tbey have been regenerated. An article or an office may proclaim a re lation which cannot exist in the oalura of things, but (he human mind) ub- j ct to laws in harmony with the mlure of thiugr, will not regard the fictitious relation. A church may direct us to give thanks for a change, which, for any thing we know, bai not taken place ; but, until we know (bar it his taken place, i« is impostible for us to give thanks for it. And therefoie, we «ha!I either believe, like Dr. Perry's five brethren and all good puseyitep, that ibe change has cer tainly taken place ; or, else, we shall wilh hold oor thanksgiving. Dr. Perry uses expressions still more obj cliooab e than those we have quoted but our ip&ce; is exhausted. Dr Lfciciiu ardt — We hive the pleasnre to announce i hat (be measu res proposed by our respected Governor for promoting the search of the tail- sing travelers by meim of the Tre pang fiiher, who will leave tbe easieru tetlUmenls for the north and north west coasts of Au tralia during the present season, hsva been cordially responded 10 by (he Governor-General of Ne beriand India, who has for warded the uecessiry instructions 4o the local authorities at Mscasssr, Timor, and ibe Moluccas. — Singapore Free Preis. We hope and trust ihit If the enterprising travellers are to be saved, n will be through this agency of a Foreign Government. Nolliicg else will bring a blush up-io th cheek of our hearlle6 rulers.— Kd G. CoLUKQWoon Mechanics1 Insti tution. —On Saturday last m public meeting of the inhabitant of Col- tingwood was held at the Crown and Anchor, WiLUm .Street, for the pur pose of making the necessary arrange - luenis far (ho erection of a building to be used as a Mechanic' Institution on an allotn.ent presented to the in habitants for that purpose by Mr. Councillor Yonop. The chair was occupied by Mr. Councillor Ktrr, and j a series of resolution were' adopted ' declaratory of ibe necessity for such sn institution and oiigina ingire&surei; for its establishment. Mr, ouug waiappoin'ed Treasurer and Mr. Lead- hntipr Serrr.iarv In (hp Inst'tu lion. and i( was reaolved that a soon as the sum of £300 is subrcr.hed a public rmeling should be convened, office bearer elected, ar.d the building pr eceded wi<h. Oa the motion of Al derman Smith, power was given to the chairman to convene a pub ic meeiing for the purpos of oaakiog arrntigetneoiB fcr the establishment of a reading room as a preliminary to the establishment of a M«cbioic's Iattiiulioo. Van Dieaien's Land —Tbe pro clamation of (he CoDslitutionil Act to Van Diemen'a Land has been folliwed up by immediate preparations for a proper representative of the colonists in iho new legislature, and we are proud to see that «? every instance, so far aa we can judge, \\\ is proposed to elect &nLi-t;'ansportaLionisti only. The cand'driei In aomina'ion at Ihe da'e of the litest intelligence were Messrs. Aoa'.ev, Archer, Blyth, Carter, Chap man, Cox, Dry, Dunn, jun., Gfeadow Grrgsoa, Langdow, M'Nsugh'ort, Morrison, and Smith,— of those Mrsars. Carter, Chspman, Dunn, aud M'Niughtoo, are candidates for (he Ci y of Hobart Town. — Great pre parations were making for (be public rejoicings on the arrival af tbe n«w Constitution. — Captain Kenp tbe ! oldest eolooist was to pre«ide at tbe dinner, assisted by bis sou Mr. G. Kemp, the oldest Ta<rnmisa native youin, — Mr. ttrien, M.A., Jbe oewly appointed Hed Mailer of tbe High School, Hooirt Town, had arrived.— Riwlaod Ljttletoa Davies. ton gf ih Veu. fi.. ft. Davies, Archdaitio of Launcestou, had obtained a Clerical Scholarship in the College at Bithopi- bouroe. Felony.- — Oa Thursday morning William Griffiths was brought before tbe Bench -charged wilh ieilin( weariog apparel, books, sod oih r proper'y from the houaa of a person ?amedLleary rending at Kail origbioa. Constable Draper deposed ihtl hear ing of the robbery be bad arrested the prisoner on suspicion, aod on taking him to Mr. Key«' public house had found there a rata who stated thai he had purchased from the privoQer some bo iks, which were produced iu Court and identified by ihe prosecutor a« part of the stolen propeiiy, A ca tkin rng had been sold by ibe prisoner to another party which was also produced and identified. It appeared (bat (be prisooer bad been left io charge of <br proBecutor'a houve during hia absence, and that wbeo he returned ihe property la question aad the prisoner bed both disappeared. The prisoner, who aaid nothing In his defence, waa fally committed to lake his (rial at the nrxl criminal liltings of the Supreme Court. Sydney IitviEMafcT. — A donation of twenty pounds ha been received from a gentleman at Port Phillip, in oooaequeece of kindness add attention received by a brother who died in the Institution. — S. M. Herald. | The Honey Moon. — A young womm who called lervelf Mary Ann Keaue, applied to the bench on Friday morning, in order to have her husband George Reynolds, bound io keep the pasce towardaher. On going into the case it appeared that the lady had left her husband three days after marriage, and had gone, nobody knew where, that the happy men had met her- casually, and on her refusal to live wilh him finding he could make no impression on her heart — he tried what effect bis fist would have on her head. Mr. J. M. Smith lur the de fendant endeavoured to show thai there was no necessity for his client's hading security ; his ohjecUoui, how ever, weie orer ruled, and tbe bench ordered the defendant to enter inio his own recognisances, in the sum of £20, to keep the peace "towards applicant. Felony. — Bridget Roach wa brought befoie Mr. M'Lachlan, on Thursday last, charged with stealing b silver wa ch, and a pair of welliog- tcn boots, the property of .lame' Gordon. The evidence was very con . elusive: as it appeared rhe lied sjH the watch to a liuehman for 10s, who, 01 bearing it was stolen restored it <o the owne The booti were fuuud in her possession by Detective FennisV i Bhe was remanded till Fiid<y, io crdr (hat the party to whom she had sold trie watch might a tend lo g ve his cv dence. Actor Cookcil — His Excellency the Gvernor has directed it to be notified, that (he Right Honorable (ho Secretary of State for the Colonies, haa intimated in hia Des patch, under date the 24ih September, 1850 No. 141, that Her Mejetly has been graci- cBsty pleaaed to apprcve end confirm th undennen ioned Act, pa&ied; by (lie Go vernor and legislative Courcil.in the llih rear nf Her Majosly rplgn : — lllh Victoria, Ko. 40. Ad Art to allpr and amend the Laws relating to the Savinsi n»nks of Now Somh >Yalra and Port Cbillip respcc- Itvelj. ( 14) h Judo, 1o4o.j Thistati DAouniia --The ng&U; whaler arrived at llobirt Town, has brought a fnmily of the name of I.ind who are natives of the Island of Tristan U'Acutthi. Bcini deeiitule, Cept Phillipfibroucht them onward. FnUA0nT IV ClLirOHMA. — The Masoqio Grand Lode ul the Stale of California held its Grml-sewlon at Sacra- tnentn, commencing on Tuesday, and cloiinz on 'luradiy evmin?. The Grand Master was absent, and D G. M. John A, Tutf, of Sacramento, presidod. Ten aubordinato Lodges were represented. According to the reporti presented, the Order through out the State ia in a flourishing condition. During the year pnfit, a large amount of money hai been rxpended for charitable purposes. In Sarrmrnto city alone, bq expence of 31,436,19 hva been incurred in the support of a churitv HorpltaL General A M. IMnn, ? resented to the Grand I/odge fen aero of nd bltualrd within one tnilo of Sacra mento City, with a view to the eltnblibh- ment of a maaon'c arhonl. A beautiful Masonic Hull, which coat ten thousand dollars was reported to hav been erected and hnndsomely furnirhed at Rentoia. 'J he receipts of the GranJ Lodge were more than adequate to meet nil demands upon it, aud one-half of the amount of fpei from subordinate lodgra wrra ordered to be re- mittod — Alia California. Th Cawtbrburt 6bttt.rai»:nt. — hare received the first number of The Littleton Time, a paper poblLhed at the Canterbury Settlement. It Is neatly -printed on a double sheet of fooUeap, and it mys much for the enterprise of the publisher, that such a paper should have been issued in Ipsa than a month from the arrival of the first immigrant verse', at ihe new settlem-nt. Long accounts are given of voyages of the 6rst four (.bins, which appear to hive made very favourable passages. The landholders had a meeiing, at which If was determined (Mr Godley the agent for the Associatinn contenting) that the capital of the district should not be at the port, bat Id (lie plaint iuUnd, and should be callttd Christ Church. Some inconrenlenco arose from want of room In the Immigration Barracks ; psc« for fire hundred, or as rainy as would arrive In two hip«, had been provided, but the arrival of four ships In one week with vleven hundred paetengert had caused > hem to be inconveniently crowded ; but I HI waa merely a temporary evil, and was being re medied hy the gradual di&neraion; of the Immigrants. The thanks o< the colonists were unanimously voted to Mr Godley and Mr Thomas, with an expression of the warm admiration with which they (the colonists) have eeen the vsriou? works w hich hive been accompl'uhed ondrr circumstances or praat and Oeouliar diffimiltw. Tha Ruhnn of New ZAiUnd had attended a to opting of the colon Lit, and explained his wishes res pecting the ditrl&irn; of the diocese. He pro posed thit tbe South Island, so far as the northern boandary oftbe Canterbury settle ment, should form tho diocese nf Lytlltlon j that the Company a settlement In Cook'a Straits should farm a diooeae, and that the northern end of tha North ltland ahoold remain as a separate see under his charge : these viewi he had transmitted to Boglaoa and had reason to hope they would he carried out. Mr Godley had been appointed by the Governor Resident Magistrate of the district. Tho advertisements ah lw thai basinets was brink, and there was crreat acardty ol" boata and boatmru. In few week, when the road through the bills io the plain wa completed, there would be a great demand for horses and carts. We notice th it section Nn 1, containing quarter of fi sore, In lha town of Lyltlcton, which is pfrt of the cndowraml ot the oollege, had bn let st £100 pr annum ; « rent which is most extravagantly hinh, and can only lead to thai propeniity forgsmbling In towu lota which has been the rulo of so many settlers in tha recently formed colonies. IYoviaJooi ware moderate, considering the rapid hi crease of population ; mest was5d per lb, sod bread 7d the two-pound loaf. 