(From the " Bathurst reoe Press," May 28.) ON Satiurdaylast the town was all bustle with Syd ney merchants, equipages, and gold diggers.:' Some of the latter,having been more successful than their neighbours, had come into town to turn ;their.gold into negotiable money. Many parcels changed hands in the course of the day.. The most interest ing transaction of the day in every point of view was the sale of 711b. 33ozs., ,belonging to a com pany of four men of good character. Of this quantity 463 ozs. was in one solid piece, which was picked out of the earth by a poor but honest Scot of the name of Henderson. We learn from R gentle man who was near at the time when the golden prize was first lierceived by Henderson, he was struplc both speechless and powerless, and fell prostrate on the earth.' This piece is the largest which has yet been discovered. In' shape it is an irregular oblong, much of the shape of a shoulder of mutton, with a transverse diameter of 5 inches and a .conjugate of 4\. A smaller piece was found shortly afterwards, about 4 inches long by 24 inches broad, and weigh ing in all 224 ozs., making a total of 71lbs. 3ý ozs., which was purchased by Captain Hindson of Sydney, at the rate of £3 4s 6d. per, ounce. A cheque for £282 3s. was handed in our presence to the worthy Scotchman, who appeared as if he could hardly un derstand this sudden stroke of good fortune. .Hen derson's company had been at work four days, and consisted of four men. A party consisting of Messrs. Hawkins, Lane, and others, eight in number, disposed of their golden crop also on Saturday to Mr. Campbell, of the firm of Smith, Campbell and Co., merchants, of Sydney, which brought them £36 each. Tom's party sold the produce of their labours for five days, which averaged £2 per man per day for a period of five days. A party consist ing of six men, of whom Mr. Smith, saddler, of William-street, was one, arrived in town yesterday. Their stock' amouiuted to 27 ozs. 2 'drs., and was purchased by Mr. Austin for £81 2s. We learn from Mr. Smith that his party had been five days at work, and that on an average they had washed 400 buckets of earth a day. . Another company of six men, who had been at work eight days, realised gold to the value '95 5s., making an average of'nearly £2 per day each. This lot was purchased by Mr. Austin, as also several other smaller quantities, varying in value from £15 to £20. Up to the pre sent time Mr. Austin has been the most extensive purchaser in town. There are considerable quanti ties still in the possession of parties at the diggins. The above particulars are not 'given with the object of inflaming the minds of the already'too excited multitude. From all we can learn the parties named are the most successful of the whole number who have left their ordinary occupations for gold digging. The great' desideratum would beto arrive at an average result of the earnings of the whole as nearly as possible. But as the organ of caution appears to be tolerably well developed in very many of them, this is impossible. 'Many who are doing a successful business are the the reverse of communi cativo, for very obvious reasons. Others whose re turns are small are- ashamed to confess the truth. Some time will have to elapse' before anything like an approximation to the truth can be arrived at. One thing, however, may be set down as a fact, that all who go to the diggins and work, get gold either in larger or smaller quantities. Great numbers pass through the town daily. Yesterday, Dr. Ma chattie's assistant counted 240 people on the Swal low Creek road, the great majority of-whom were from Sydney.. Mlany poor, miserable looking crea tures, footsore, .penniless, and friendless, have ar rived liither on their way to the Land of Gold, the well-disposed, niost probably to starye, and the remainder to become a nusance, if nothing more, to. society. A gentleman who resides a few miles out of town on the Sydney road, informed us yesterday that a poverty-stricken being hobbled up to his place on Sunday last, and after stating that he was hungery and without money," he offered a necker chief for sale that he might procure something to eat. 'Such infatuation;, with'winter setting in, muist be productive of dreadful consequences. The fol lowing letter hat been received by a friend m town2:-- ' "Diggings, 23rd May, 1i85i 1.. "Dear,- I have little time to spare, so, yoii needn't expect a long letter. Myself and three mates have now been at work three days, and have got six ounces or thereabouts; of gold, making, I.am told, nearly ,£5 a manl. This seems a respectable lump, but I can assure you it is well earnt. Some of my neighbours are apparently doing better than we are, and others much worse. The gold we have found is all fine, or what they call dust I believe. An adjoining company have 'been' lucky eiough to pick up a little nest, about the size of pigeon eggs, which has enhanced their earnings very materially. I should say that on that day they must have earned from. £5 to ;'6 a man, but there are plenty not doing more than at the rate of lOs. a day, and when out of this they have paid for their rations, at the high prices that are charged here, they won't have much to shout about. "There is one thing which surprises me not a little-that in many cases, stout willing men come here with a capital rig,,and- slave from morning to night- from dew to sunny eve, and do perhaps only moderately well. Others will come here with their tin pots and pan lids, aided, perhaps, by a two pronged pitchfork, or a superannuated fire-shovel, and.do a raking business. 'A. little shrimp of a fel low, about the size of an -Esquimaux Indian, with no earthly implement but a two-forked stick and the .ghost.of a dilapidated frying-pan; and would you believe it, the insignificant little varmint did a stroke to the tune of about £5 in half a day : whilst at the same time our company, all strapping fellows, with strong limbs, and. a way of using them, were then doing very -little. I felt intensely disgusted with myself, and was half inclined to look upon; my fraction of a friend with :respect. 'But he was what is termed a lucky man, and I would not have you imagine that on account of his extraordinary success intendling miners are to come provided with forked sticks and frying-pans. The same sort of luck may fall to the lot of those who are better accoutred, and so far as a steady business is concerned, their chances are ten to one. "Sydney people are thronging very fast upon us and as we hear that they line.the roads by hundreds, 'my impression is that they will have to' go pros pecting. We are now as thick as mushrooms after a brisk shower bn a fine s'ummer's morning, some of these old California diggers attempt to come the bounce over us, and assume a great deal on their experience; but as a general rule, they rse notl a fraction more fortunate than our untutored selves. One little fellow came here a few days ago;', and fter measlring' and: bullyinii and wiiking and oursin, 'in a stiyle which was' intended:to let us know that be' as awareof a' thing or tWo, he, went to work like, iot: a grave digger but a gold-digger.. The sparks flew from 'the point of 'his pick, thick and fast, and the sweat drops rained from his forehead. Now and again he dashed into the creek, up to 'the hips, with his ciillender, and 'shook :and waved it most scientifically..' This killing pace he maintaindd .ibout'two 'hours, when all at' once musa-n;tI' WAs nRUCK. .The "dust"- did not come at his calll and ashamed of his braggadocio, he quickly shouldered liis pick and washing machine; and bolted into the hills like a 'red shank, and has not. since' been heard of. "If you come bring plentyof bedding, woollen clothing, a month's rations, a good pick or two, and a heavy crowbar, light ones being of no use" A. little spirits to revive your.own, after leaving the cradle, would'not be amiss. You cannot keep your self dry. I will write again shortly, and give further particulars. "Yours, truly," - 