TO THE REV;. F. H. COX. 3rd March. 1851. Rev. Sir,-"¿uhr.letter of the 27th ultimo is of value in enabling the laity to estimate the reasons for excluding them from the direction of church affairs, in consulting and deciding upon the order. Dangers and regulations which it is expected they Will conform in to and obey. It may he well to state the subject under consideration.. The Synod of Sydney would allow the delegates of the laity to meet in a separate assembly, at the same time with the h) notes of bishops and clergy, but confines him to questions affecting temporalities, or to changes of constitution affecting the whole body of the church, which are first to be proposed and approved by the clergy, but not to be valid without the consent of the laity. In opposition to this proposal, the clergy and tail of South Australia " are of opinion that it would be preferable for the clergy and laity to meet in one assembly, consisting of every licensed presbyter having cure of souls, and one or more laymen, chosen by and out of the members of each congregation, in full communion, and presided over by the bishop of the diocese." By the latter arrangement the laity would part!, cipate in all debates and decisions ; the dittmer of opposition likely to take place between three separate assemblies of bishops, clergy, and laity would be avoided and the opinions and personal influence of the bishops would exercise their due weight on the laity and clergy. The arrangement proposed by the Sydney Synod practically excludes the laity from the administration of church affairs beyond the power of giving their consent to regulations affecting temporalities, or to changes in the constitution of the whole body of the church, which, it would appear, are not likely to occur, since it is provided that the constitution of the church, is determined to the Articles and Riluuls, shall not be altered. This exclusion of the laity is rendered evident by the description given by the bishops of what are to be the functions of the clerical synods, which are-1st, to consult and agree upon a lines of practice and ecclesiastical order; and, 2nd, to conduct the processes necessary for carrying such rules into effect. These functions embrace the whole ordinary administration of church affairs and as they are confined to the synods of bishops and clergy, the laity may be regarded as altogether excluded from the direction of the church. I have deemed it requisite to give This explana- tion of the objection of the people of Adelaide to this proposed measure of the Synod of Bishops, that the laity of this colony may understand the subject of our correspondence. In maintaining the right and duty of the laity to deliberate and decide on all questions affect jug their religious interests, I adduced the example of the Council of Jerusalem (Acts x. 5), in which the laity or brethren were allowed by the Apostles to be present, and take part in the deliberation and in the sentence. We are told (v. 7) that there had been much disputing and (al v. 12) that .' all the multitude kept silence and gave audience ;" and v. 13) that James addressed the whole audience, " men and brethren." We next have an account of the decision (v. 22) :-" Then pleased it the apostles and elders, with the whole church." (The word rendered "pleased" is a judicial term, explained by Schlewsner to mean 'willed, decreed.') The formal synodic letter was thus addressed (v. 23) : " The apostles, and elders, and brethren send greeting," c and (v. 25) " it seemeth good unto us, being assembled with one accord ;" and again (v. 28)," It seemed good to the Holy Ghost and (to us." I infer from these statements that the brethren or laity were present ; that they were addressed by the apostles that they discussed or disputed that they were silent (or, as Bloomfield renders it, acquiesced) and gave audience; (sat They are specially included in the decision as join- ing in the judgment ; and Hill they also specially and separately are in cluded in the decretal loiter. In order to controvert this inference you say, that to your mind it is very probable the brethren or laity were only an audience. But is it not said that they were assembled with one accord Unit They had much disputing and that they ceased from the discussion and gave audience ? Is it not manifest that the Apostles themselves were part of the audience addressed by Paul and Barnabas? When was it heard that a mere audience were allowed to take part in the decrees of a legislative body whose deliberations they were permitted to hear as matter of favour? Can anything be more formal than the decree in which they are twice specially included ? If the apostles did not design that the laity should participate in the deliberations and judgments of assemblies of the church, would they have used words which form so sit ung a precedent and authority for their claiming such a power I You admit what, indeed, is plainly stated that the laity gave their consent to the decrees of the council. But does not consent imply participa- tion in the discussion and judgment? For how could they be expected to give their consent without permission to hear the discussion and to state their objections ? And what is this but to participate in the deliberation and decree ? If the apostles and elders deemed themselves entitled to judge and determine for the laity without their participation or consent, The course which was adopted exposed the decrees of the council to the danger of being opposed by the laity, who had no right to give a judgment upon them, and was calculated to produce a false idea of the right of laymen to judge upon ecclesiastical matters. " It is therefore unquestionable (says Bloomfield, in Recent. SynoD., in love.) that some, and that not a few, were called in besides the apostles and pres- byers; and I entirely concur in the opinion of Manheim and Kuioael, that the persons in question were some select individuals of the laity, of most knowledge, influence, and credit-perhaps delegated from the whole body." The Sanhedrin, or great council of the Jews, composed not of priests only, or Levites, hut of six persons out of each tribe, was a precedent for admission of the laity into ecclesiastical assemblies. Von reprehend me for not mentioning .. that the apostles and elders came together to consider of this matter." And doubtless I should have done so, since my omission has led you to express a suspicion of my having wilfully suppressed a truth which would " damage my argument ;" but I did not consider that this passage materially affected (beques, firm as to whether the apostles admitted the laity to deliberate and join with them in pronouncing a formal judgment on the subject under considera-, (ion. You observe that '< I did wisely in ignoring the universal testimony of all antiquity as to the construction of ecclesiastical synod implying that in Hiern the laity did not possess the right to which I deem them entitled. I beg the attention of the readers of this letter to the following passage from Mosheim describing The condition of the church in the second century. He states that " during a great part of this century all the churches continued to be, as He first, independent of each other, or were connected by no asso > cUlions or confederations. Each church was a kind of little late, governed by its own laws, which were matted-or, at hutt, sanctioned by the people; but, in process of time, and the Christian churches within the same province united and formed a sort of larger society or state. . . . Conventions of delegates from several churches assembled for deliberation, and were called by HieGreekssynods, and by the Latins councils. The laws agreed upon in them were called canons or rules. These councils of which no vestige appears before the middle of the second century, changed nearly the whole form of, the church. For, in the first place, the ancient rights and privileges of the people were very much abridged by them; and, on the other hand. influence and authority of the bishops were not a little augmented. At first the bishops did not deny that they were merely the representatives of their churches, and that they acted in the name of the people ; but, by little and little, They made higher prelen. tons, and maintained that power was given them by Christ himself to dictate ruin of faith and conduct to the people." This passage will, I suppose, be deemed conclu- sive respecting the practice of the only antiquity which is valued by those who pay deference to tiles or usages conformable to Scripture, and observed in ages so close to the time of the apostles as to render it probable that they were instituted or sanctioned by their authority. To regard as obligatory rules or observances of later ages, from an opinion of an infallible power of judging lodged in the church, or from a notion of a continued development of religious truth not derived from Scripture, is, in my judgment, to concur with a communion very different from the Church of England and I am not concerned that the religious assembly which I advocate should differ from those synods of bishops who "changed nearly the whole form of the church," abridged the ancient rights of the people, and established !nrbilrt>ry dominion over men's consciences, by which great errors and corruptions were introduced without resistance from a people deprived of the right of judgment. It may be considered of more importance by members of the Church of England in this country that the proposed constitution of the Colonial Church should agree in principle with that of the Parent Kingdom; and of this the following extract will afford conclusive evidence. In his Ecclesiastical Law, article "Convocation," Dr. Burns stairs that Lord Cukri says a convocation may make coimlilutmna by which those of the spirituality shall be bound, for him Illili they all, either by representation or in pet square present, but in the iHiiipoitthiy." And "in the primitive church the laity were present at all synods. When Ide empire bearing Christian no crime was made without the Emperor's consent ; the Emperor's consent included that of the people, he having by himself the whole legislative power, their air liners butter not, therefore if the king und clergy make a canon, in binds the clergy in re ecclesiastic, but it doth not bind laymen They are not icpiélféíitdü iii convocation, rites consent being neither given nor asked." Now what is this but the exact fulfillment of the lady of Adelaide that their consent is necessary to any enquiry which may be promulgated us obligatory upon them. The consent and confirmation of Parliament is necessary to render the cumins passed by consent line obligatory upon the laity. Lord Harris like, delivering the unanimous judgment of the Court of King's Bench, says, " We are all of opinion that the cations of I GDC do not bind the early and he goes on to any that every law must have the eminent of the three estates of the realm, " for the representing the whole realm, every man is by representation a party. In the making of cations the royal assent is all the share Unit the Legislature has in them, for the lords and commons are excluded and not represented." Thus it appears evident that by a constitutional right every Englishman is entitled to give his consent, through his represen Milites, to any law or ordinance, civil or (-classes- team, which may be attempted to be imposed upon him. The right of the people to assemble with the clergy and take part in most important concerns of the church is shown in the pr ill ice of the popular election of bishops, which continued for many ages, and which was one of their original par. leger-, which the laity exercised to the latest period. Bingham, iii the 4th souls of the Antiquities of the Church, states that "the power of the laity or people, character it was is spoken of in the very same terms and expressed in the same words as that of the clergy. Some ancient writers call it consent; others, suffrage or nine; others, election or choice; but all agree in their, But it was equally the consent, suffrage, vote, election, and choice both of duty and people." He states that " this power of the laity was not Surely testimonial, but judicial and elective. One of the ancient rules of the church was, that no bishop was to be obtruded on any orthodox people against their consent. When they could agree upon a deserting bishop, They were usually gratified in their choice, and no person was to be put upon them against their iiiclitiiiliun. When they were utiuniiuotis in their vote for or against a man, their way was to express their mind by a general a<claiuaiiuu-'He is worthy's He is unworthy '" The right and custom of the tally to elect their bishops seems to imply a capacity in them, to judge the conduct and religious opinions of those whom they should approve as fittest for Unit Billie. flic very power of electing bishops cini-liltilei] in the laity a principal part of the administration of church affairs; for even though they were excluded from church synod-, jet by the power of electing those bishops who were to consulate the synod , they were enabled to select persons whose sentiments the) wife acquainted with and approved, and so exercised a certain provision for roads ring the administration of the birch conformable to their wishes and opinions If, then, the practice of the church in early ages is of weigh', it must be allowed at least in this must important subject that the I city possessed an equal right with the clergy in deliberation and judgment. in Holy Suipliiiu The Lally are commanded to prove or by both their teachers and then instruct turns by the word of God to prove all things to hold fast that which is good-ool to believe a very spirit, Inn to by the spirits whether they are of God, because many false prophets are gone out into the world Bills laity are train unit d lude liberate and judge on these subjects', as li one for his on it and I iii ion, I think they are entitled to exercise the same judgment uhr is their spiritual interest is no less deeply concerned, in councils convened to determine what is must conducive to the common good. If Individually they are to examine and judge on matters of faith and worship, no reason can be shown why they should be deemed incapable of even using the same judgment in an assembly where they may consult together and receive the information which their dear leal brethren may be able to afford. The objection to the admission of the laity to participate in the direction and -administration of church affairs appears to me to lead directly to and even establish the homing view of the incapacity of the laity by their private judgment to form an opinion on religious subjects, and lends to submit. gale The judgment of the lily to the direction of ecclctiiiiiiiiciil councils. ' For if they are supposed incompetent to judge matters of faith and discipline when possessing the advantages of deliberation in the assembly, it would appear that they must be held equally incompetent to do so alone and unassisted and if the bishops as of clergy are to judge for them in assemblies, 1 suppose they sliunldperlorin the same office for them individually. The form of ecclesiastical synods which you propose is even more exclusive than flint approved by the bishops in Sydney, for you would have all deliberations upon matters of doctrine or discipline originate with the bishop?, pass from them to the interior clergy, and from them to the lay comino accuses ; but these last are not to have the power extended to them of pronouncing, but are to be limited to the giving or withholding of consent. Were your plan adopted in lliesytiud of this colony, one or two bishops would sit alone, and while lune the power of originating nay measure ; while the clergy and laity would be merely chambers to receive their decrees. Surely such a method of administering the affairs of the church would afford but a deceptive image of deliberation and judgment to the clergy and forty They know but little of English colonists who suppose that such a scheme would be regarded by them in any other light than as a delusive semblance designed as a substitute for a right which is inherent in them as Christians, as members of the English church, and as well accountable In Coil for the direction of their conduct, especially in religious matters, by the free exercise of their own judgment, in the no direction in religious affairs can now exist in any church, save by the consent and approbation of its members and were the form you prescribe established, the bishops would be regarded as possessing an undue share in the direction of church affairs, and would lose the influence which they might exercise if deliberating with the clergy and laity in a single synod. You speak much and unfavourably of the condition of the laity, denying that any parallel exists between them in this age and that of the apostles and you state that the administrative functions of the laity should be confined to such of them as are communicants. While I admit with regret me defects bulb of the laity and clergy, I am assured that the former proceeds in a considerable degree from the exclusion of the people from the administration of their religious affairs. When restored to the exercise of Hutt important right I feel confident they will be animated with an ardent zeal for the advancement of true religion, and will feel an interest in religious matters which hitherto they never have had an opportunity of displaying. Reference to the resolutions of the clergy of Adelaide would have shown you that it was never contemplated that any but communicants should take part in the direction of church affairs. It is true the laity now does not correspond with the description given of the first assembly of believers neither do the bishops in all respects equal the apostles. If the parallel fails, as you say, in the former, it is not more exact in the latter. Jut your discussion about the correctness of a parallel must not obscure the plain statement, that if the apostles allowed the laity to deliberate and decide with the man the Council of Jerusalem, the bishops now are not justified in excluding the lorry from a similar right. I cannot help observing, that at recent meetings in England held to condemn the Privy Council and denounce the evangelical portion of the church as heretics, such of the laity as thought important question of the propriety of recognising Um authority of the Pope in the Church of England ; nor am I aware whether any sacramental test was required of the la) men to entitle them to participate in the proceedings. Von represent me as saying, because the apostles were not withheld from allowing the laity in deli berate and decide by any fear of tumult or disorder ill submitting to a popular assembly a subject of great controversy, " therefore similar questions ought now to be submitted to popular assemblies, with equal fearlessness, on the part of bishops." In this representation of an laurence I only observe, that my argument was, that, as the apostles militia acted, The daily should not be excluded from a participation in church comes in. It might be supposed from the charges of raising "an ouu:r>."-uf exciting strange cummi>lioii"utid " unprofitable and barren agitation that some convulsion in the church was cuuliiiiipliited. The question is simply this: The Conference of Stanley proposed the adoption of a constitution for the church by three assemblies of bishops. clergy, and laity. It is believed that the rights of the latter are not provided for by the proposed constitution, and measures are adopted to remedy the defect. To designate these proceedings as a strange comino lion, is as if an aggression were to take place, and the party defending himself were to be termed a disturber of the piece. You accuse me of helping to excite an outcry at Adelaide, Perhaps it would be ajuster representation to say that I took part in preserving the church. You may author aware of the feeling of the people the general discontent and apprehension which prevented the num- li us who have forsaken the church, and of the still greater number who are preparing to follow their example. You they not be aware how many look forward to depriving the ministers of state support, and connecting head with their congregations by voluntary stipends, us the means of remedying the evils of which they complain If such be the real condition of the Church of England in there colonies, and it these evils can he arrested, and a new spirit and life be imparted to the laity, by calling upon them to vindicate and exercise an important pub I, The measure which will lune such an evil'" el should be regarded us in the highest degree benefit still. But in passing such a censure upon the proceedings in Adelaide, and upon the attempt to adopt a similar cou use here, you surely are not aware that the Bishop of Adelaide has given his formal consented to the two principal requirements of the people and laity, His writ leo declaration is, '. I express my own opinion, and that of some at least of my brethren, when I say, that we, shall willingly see the clergy and laity in diocesan and provincial conventions, as is now done to the American Episcopal Church." You see, Ellen, that the Bishop of Adelaide and some of his episcopal brethren are in favour of the principle of church administration, which you so strongly condemn. On the second point, the man using the terms of church communion by putting in the baptismal service u cousin motion condemnatory of the views held by the evangelical clergy, The Bishop of Adelaide declares 1913 he is ready to allow those who differ from him 011 That subject the same freedom of judgment which he claims for himself." Far from condemning as an outcry and strange confirming" the confine! of the tail), and good prelate "'rejoices to see in their proceedings a god I) jealousy among the people for the purity of the luiIU Won for Us at the lisfurmuliuu." You yourself stale your desire to see the bill!) represented in the church's councils by men from unions themselves, having the 11 nth -mil able to defend it, and you would confer upon them the right of giving or withholding their constant." No pall of your letter implies your deane to confine their deliberations to temporalities, and in my judgment your declarations amounts to an acquiescence with Hutt very claim of the laity which you liveliest contravening. You would have them in the church's councils defending the truth and giving or withholding their consent. It seems to me that far from opposing the 111,1111 object of tun!.cannu the right of the laity in an equal participation in the deliberations and judgments of the church, you stilled join with us in endeavouring to establish li. You deny that the declarations of the Stand of Bishops aim "of the force of decree -in?,'' which no one asserted they were, all 1911 say that they are mere opinions, that are torn Id regard them as if our spiritual fathers had thought fit to think aloud." It is in vain, by the language of poetry or mysticism, to erase- us confuse the i in pression of common sense. The- case is 'his-. An attempt was made in England to exclude from the church an evuti.-i-lic-il minister on the ground Ibu! his opinions respecting huplUm' were heretical. Thepiiit council, comparing his words with the functionaries of the church, pronounced against his exclusion, and so presented the church from disruption, and prevented the expul- sion of the w hole body of evangelical ministers - Tliefnrmulniiesiespevliiighuplistn were determined to be what! it was designed by the compilers of the articles they should be, and what they ever have been, redetermined in their signification so lines to allow of the interpretation put upon them by the evangelical and high church parties. In opposition to this settlement of the question by the pi ivy council, tim synod of bishops expressed their judg- 111 em on the subject, approving the iiiteipiet,iiioi> opposite in that held by the evangelical party. It is no doubt true that the bishops as ministers have a right to entertain and express wish' own peculiar Heiiliments-, but this is widely different from their meeting in conference and expressing a deliberate judgment on the subject and when it is considered that this question is laid hold upon by the Triiclu firms in England to denounce tlicftaiigvlical clergy) and laity as heretical, and to adopt the must extreme measures to procure their condemnation and expul- sion, few will (doubt the reasonableness and justice of the following resolution of the clergy of Ade- aide- upon the subject : - "'That the introduction by the Australasian bishops of Ide question of holy baptism into Ihmr minutes was uncalled for and injudicious. That the construct me put by them upon the creed, articles, and litany with respect to this subject would, if imposed, be tantamount to a new in tide of Mull and that the dogmatical determination of a question which has ever been practically considered an open one virtually narrows the terms of communion with our church." You appear! to "British generosity to say nothing of filial obedience," in order to excite a sense of gratitude towards the bishops because Hint" to courtesy um! frankness they have given us a full report of their conference, which you say I they might have separated in silence without promulgating. It would assuredly have been an extraordinary proceeding in the conference to have adopted resolutions designed to influence and direct our conduct and not to bute promulgated them for our instruction and guidance. You claim but little ment in the Synod and his judgments when inn read your appeal for our gum side, not on the resolutions or opinions or loud thoughts of our spiritual hilliers," but on the Irish that they condescended " to place their thoughts before us." Did I not know yourseriuui character I should be disposed to imagine that you were deciding ide Conference,- for it seems to me qui le preposterous to entertain the supposition of the bishops withholding their decisions from those for whose guidance they were drawn up ; still more so, to make their not being concealed a ground for demanding gratitude. In my judgment the language of compliment is misplaced when applied to transactions of sin li iiiuiiieuliiiiS consequence as the proceedings of the conference. It is no time to flatter and compliment when a wide-spread conspiracy exists among the clergy to bring the church over to Rome, to which hundreds of them have already seceded-m den Ide truths of the Reformation and the preachers of evangelical truth are condemned and denounced, and the principles of fluiniiuistn inculcated openly. Had The bishops sought b remedy for this prevailing delusion-had They adopted measures to resist its progress-had They even deplored its existence, and warned us of our danger and if our duty, I should have Ihiiuked not dear but God ; but I cannot applaud proceedings which would tend to expel our evangelical brethren from the church which would deprive the laity of a voice in enacting the decrees by which they are to be governed-which would overturn the parochial system, and render Ihn clergy entirely dependent for their offices upon Ide ordinary will of the bishops for the time being which would sever the church from its connexion with that in England-vi which would enforce oppressive and obsolete penal enactments which would affected and widen the breach between us all our Protestant brethren of other. ronini<iai»ns,-and which would occasion innumerable divisions and disputes, I remain. Reverend Sir, Your faithful servant, H. P. FRY. 