THE MONDAY BEFORE. REUEMBIlAKfcE or CUKIST'S SurrERINOS ARD DUAT1I. At Mominq Prayer. Text.—" Ite was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities : tho chastisement of our peace was upon liim; aud with llis stripes wo are healed."— Is. liii. fi. I give thoo humble thanks, O blessed JESUS, Who to help uir wonk memories, which lose so ea«ily all heavenly things, and to impress Thy great love upon our souls, hast tirdiiineil tlio holy Sacriunont of Thy death, aud said," Do this in remembrance of Me." I know toowell, from sad erperianoo. how little I remember Thee, and all that Thou hast suffered for mo, and how ueodful Tby commandment is. Every temptation, every vanity, is apt to steal my heart from Theo, ana therefore, with Ttiv dying words, Thou didst bid me to be miudfa' <;f Thoo. O let my heart lovo none bnt Thee, and let my love fur Thee conduct me always to nL-^-t.- . . . . ' ' [d see, which me, ana tor au sinners such as 1 am. By my sins Thou wast crucified, O Lord. 0 Thou Who alone canst change tho heart, be pleased to change mine, lest Ttiou be crucified afresh by me. Give me now grace, new love, tow strength, and resolution, that henceforth I may give myself entirely to Thy service, as Thou didst give up Thyself upon the cross for me. Amen. Amen. Here6ay 1'aalm xxii. (which isprophctical of the sufferings of CHRIST, and of the worship that should bo paid liim after His U-iu'nph over death.) Our Father &c.; [At Christmas, Easter, &c;„ say here tho proper Collect—from the Prayer Book, if you do not sav.it in your daily prayers ; but if you do from Appendix I.: or you may use both if yon think porpcr. j God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost, ba with me and with mino, now and at the hoar of death. Amen. For reading this day, take No. II. in Appendix II. Observation. I.—If you have not time to say the Pnalms namod at Morning and E voning prayer, rather then omit them quite, use them at some other part of the day. At the end of the I'salm say always : Glory be to the Father, oua to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost; As it was iu the bcziuning, is now, aud ever shall be, world without end. Amen. Observation 2.—Before you begin to Bay the prayers, always meditate a short lime on the text which is set before them. This will place the subject of each prayer clearly before your mind, and enable you to pray with greater devotion. At Evening Prayer* Text.— ' Who His Own Self bare onr sins, iu His Own Body on the tree,that wc being dead to sins should live unto righteousness: by Whose stripes ye were hoated."— 1 Pet. ii, 2+. 1 give Thee humble'aud most hearty thanks, O God our heavenly Father, for all Thy goodness shown to me and all men; but above(al), for the wondrous love and mercy which sent Thiue only San, our Saviour Jesus Christ, to Buffer death upon the cross for our redemption. And praised be thy name O Lord, for tb' regard to our infirm forgetful hearts whicl moved Theo to ordain a perpetual memory of that llis precious death until His coming again. Give me grace to remember that my sins were the canse of those sufleringa, and make my longing and desire after the Sacrament of His death as great as I felt and contess my need of it to be. Bat haw shall a sinner such a? I am approach Thy holy feast! How shall I dare to eat the children's bread, who am sot worthy to gcther up the crumbs that fall under Thy table? O Lord, my guilt makes me fear to come, and yet makes mo not daro to Btay away ; for where else can I be cleansed from all my sins? Yes, I will come to Thee, O Lord, for those who come to thee, Thou wilt not, I know, cast out. Grant to me therefore, gracious Lord, that 1 may so remember before Thee the death and sufferings of thy Son, that they may avail to tho remission of my sins. Grant that 1 may so eat tho flesh of Thy dear Son Jesus Christ, and drink His Blood, that my sinful body may be made clean by His Body, and mv soul washed through llis most precious Blood, and that I may evermore dwell in Him, and He in me. And this 1 beg for Llis merit's sake. Amen. Jiere say 1'aalm cxlii. (in which we may consider that we hear Christ speaking in the days of liis humiliation, and prophesying (in* verse 9). that all who were worthy should believe in Him when llis sufldringa were accomplished.) Our Father, &c.; [At special seasons the proper Collet] God the Fattier, God the Son, God the Holy (ihost, be with me, and with mine, uow ond'at the hour of death. Amen. 