CHURCH UNIONS. (From the Spectator, October 19 ) Some movements in the Church Societies of Bristol and London attract attention. In the Bristol Society, as the Times reports, " a division arose with reference to the headship of the Church; and Mr. Ward placed on the books a notice of motion affirming the authority of the Pope." " This startling propo- sition" led to lengthened discussion and at last Mr. W. Palmer, Vicar of Whitechurch, gave notice of a string of resolutions embody- ing a declaration of principles and objects. The declaration affirmed among other points, that " the Roman Church has repudiated communion with all churches which do not recognize the claims of the Bishop of Rome," and has " corrupted the primitive faith" ; " therefore communion with that church on the part of individuals of the English communion cannot, consistently with the laws of Christ, be restored, until the Roman Church shall have re- linquished her pretensions." This resolution was supported by the Reverend George Augustus Denison, Prebendary Clark, Mr. Hoare, the banker, and others. An amendment was moved by Lord Forbes, seconded by Mr. A. J. B. Hope, M.P., and supported by Dr. Pusey, and the Reverend J. Keble with others. The amendment was carried. There- upon, Mr. W, Palmer and his friends seceded from the Bristol Union and immediately ! coalesced in a new body with the name of "The Somerset and Bristol Church Union"; I alleging that " those who opposed the original resolutions manifested a tendency to Popery. These proceedings led to the calling of a meeting of the members of the London Church Union. That body assembled in St. Martin's Hall, Long Acre, on Wednesday. Dr. Pusey, Archdeacons Thorp, Mr. A. J. B. Hope, Colonel Short, Mr. C. G. Lefroy, and Mr. N. Tritton, attended. Reporters were excluded; but, by desire," the prominent feature of the proceedings has been published in the columns of the Guardian. The formal steps seem to have been on the model of those in the Bristol meeting and the result was practically the same. A resolution was moved ; then followed an amendment, embodying Mr. Palmer's declaration against Romanism. Dr. Pusey addressed the meeting at great length, and with that remarkable personal effect which his solemn earnestness invariably produces. Arguing that the declaration is either the same as, or less, or more, than the formularies of the Church of England, he deduced the consequences ; if less, it is idle-if the same, super- fluorosis more, it is wrong. He then passed to the characteristic ground of Christian per- suasions and in the course of his speech made explicit declarations which produced the deepest sensation. Of the Church of England he said These are the bonds of love with which no are held to her by which even those who have misgivings, which I have not, are hold to her. Another declaration was embodied in these phrases But again, it is said we are some of us suspicious and suspected. I believe that there is no remedy, certainly not in declarations. Acta speak-not words. If any think that our acts are contrary to our words, no words will convince them. They will think us hypocrites, or, as they term it, Jesuits. They will not believe us. If the labours of seventeen or twenty seven years will not persuade men that we are faithful to the Church of England, words will not. We must await God's time, until this fever of fear subside ; or, if nothing will convince them, death in the bosom of the Church of England will. But the portion of his speech of the highest general interest, was the eloquent peroration It has been said that we shall never make the object of Church Unions popular until we have persuaded the people that we are not secretly leading them to subjec- tion to Rome. One cannot walk along the street of this great city to this place of meeting without seeing and feeling painfully, that you might as well speak of putting out a spark when the flame is curling around the house- tops, as of suspicions of Rome keeping from us the hearts of the people. It is idle, to speak of stage. visit to Rome amid the widespread antagonism to Christianity. Babylon is around us. This is the great problem for the Church of England : the conversion of the heathen within her walls-the multiplication of devoted missionaries at home-the rousing of the luke- warm-the conversion of sinners the instruction of the Ignorant-the recall of the erring. At this we must individually, as we can, aim; for this we must pray ; this, in whatever degree it shall be accomplished, will also be the bulwark of the Church against the world. While this is neglected, it is Idle, and worse than idle to think of winning by paper declarations, to the conflict of the Church with the world those whose hearts, being with the world, cannot be with the Church. In the name of the God of peace, and of our Lord, who is our peace, and God the Holy Ghost, who is the author of peace let us avoid all fresh divisions?, and whatever we can which may sow discord. Three months ago we met together here as one united body. Is the failure of a few hearts to separate us, and make us suspect one another? God forbid that we should be rather like Jerusalem when besieged by the Romans than that which is unity in itself I If the peril of our common faith, the fear of the corrupting influence of the world, the pressure of a common enemy, and the season of God's judgments, cannot awe us into stillness, we should be more stupid than the very beasts which perish for they at least power and are still, they fight not when the storm is impending. Be attachment, then, to our mother, the Church of England, our hand the maintenance of the faith our single aim; her sacra- ments our pledges of fealty; not paper declarations, which will be misunderstood, and not believed." The oration produced such an effect, that the seconder of the amendment immediately begged permission to withdraw it; and expressed a hope that Dr. Pusey would give to the world the speech he had made. This request was ardently seconded by the most influential members of the Union ; the amendment was withdrawn and the resolution was put and carried unanimously, amidst much cheering. Even more public stir has been made-per- haps for want of other subjects exciting enough about the new encroachments on the part of Rome, in creating an " Archbishop of Westminster." More importance is attached to the step than it deserves. It is true that the law forbids the Bishops of the Roman Church to assume the titles of sees ; but in Ireland they have been allowed to suffer the public to nickname them with such titles, and < even in England outlandish substitutes for real territorial names have been endured. We cannot feel either fright or a very profound indignation, although Lord Arundel and Surrey and other highly speculative Romanists, may have an eye to the Abbey, as they are said to have to York Minister ; nay, we learn without affright, through the Berlin wool trade, that Romanistic embroidery is multiplying in the national churches. But a certain inde- corum, in encroaching upon the modern tolera- tion of Great Britain, and in appointing an Archbishop over a district eminently Protestant and not at all Romanist, is not to be denied. Perhaps the apparent extension is not without its dangers to the very party which may take it for success. There is no doubt that the Papacy is thoroughly decayed at its centre that in Italy itself the Anti Papal feeling is becoming a national one and that the final fall of the Pontificate is now manifestly a question of time alone. The extension of the Romanist connexion, therefore, at its outer borders, helps to expedite the process of disintegration. The more so, as the Roman Church may probably follow others, in not thoroughly breaking up, but in becoming imbued with a new spirit, which shall operate as a gradual conversion. That process is already at work, more actively than the very imperfect every sign of Geo bertram would suffice to indicate and in the outskirts of the connexion, where its opinion comes in contact with the theological and spiritual discussion of the times, the process of convection is likely to take effect, not only in- dividually but still more collectively. The Anglo-Romanists of Westminster are as little like the orthodox Romanists of the Vatican as they are to the strict Romanists of Smithfield. The portents of the Berlin wool trade and the titular sallies of the Sacred College are trifles compared to these graver and larger phenomena : the progress of the world is not to be arrested by coloured worsted or verbal auda- cities. _ j 