CALIFORNIA. SUPERIOR COURT INTELLIGENCE. J. C. Smith, presiding. Saturday, Aug. 23. Melcalf e Argenti end Atkinson. The court assembled at 8 o'clock to hear the closing areutnentof Mr. it. A Locltwood, Esq. After going through with the case, he closed as follows:—• But the distinguished counsel from South Carolina has said that we owe everything to the patriotic tnea of the Vi^ilanceCommiuee, and that we ought nbt to obstruct their action ; end he has spoke of the great obligations he is under lo thetn, &c.; Let us, gentlemen, inquire into that thorny subject. It Is said that our Committee Is composed of " nice men"—men of wealth and respectability—" our best and most infioential f itilens"—ahd that no honest man can suffer wrong and injury from their clean and imtnee* ulate bands, tore tbsn eighteen hundred years ago Jesus -Christ lited at Jerusalem. Hehad gone about doing good" for thirty- Thrte yewi—so Ih, good Book tells til, But the "sice men" of Jerusalem, the Plipriscti, who (hanked God they were not sinners like other men—^he; priests, -who /like our Jioly exponfiaets of'feligibn) " m&fiVtheHaw; of no fiff&i; by. thfrir' traditions"-i the '.money dangers, whose tables Christ overthrew in tbe "temple; which they by I heir extortion's had "made a den of thieves"—not'eoarse, ha'rd-fisWd, vulgar; petty.thieves—but sleek, pampered, and *< respectable" thieves decked wiih golden ornatneht!, fine linen.'.and costly raiment, who V fripdspnipnioiislj every'day" -aud like our money dealers and apeculators, waxed fat" on the apfcilB acquired by fleecing end outwitting their fellow-men. Those " best and most influential citizens" of Jeiusalem "liked not (he man Christ, end they sought how they 'might destroy him." They accordingly assembled in their committee room, (whether they were summoned by the tap of it bell does not appeal) arid " they sought for false proof against Jesus, that they might put him tojdealh,- hut thry found none, though many false witnesses presented themselves." The judge— not Judge Parsons— not a miserable, ignorant, imbecile, Caffornia judge, but s Roman governor, while Rome was the mightiest empire the world ever beheld, a man of vast ability, worthy of being the enemy of the bloody but gigantic Herod —the judge told them that the law found no fault in Christ; but thos» predecessors of our Mormon Saints, (for you know, if you have read the Mormon bible, revealed to Joe Smith by the SBtne Lord who used to favour Sam Qrannan with such rich dreams—you know that the Mormons claim lo be the successors of the lost tribe;) they cried out "crucify him 1 crucify him I Give us Barrabas rather than Christ to reign over us 1" The San Francisco saints exclaim, "Give us Sain Brannan to reign over us," and for aught I know Brannan may be a corruption of Barrabas, and Sim may be lineally descended from the great Jewish pet. When those worthy prolytypes,—and to a great extent 'progenitors of our blood-thirsty committee,—haled to death the Son of Mao, doubtless a feeling of awe fell upon the spectators, as deep and solemn as that so graphically portrayed by our venal press, when, with base, pandering fervili y, with fulsome sickening adulation, they lauded thetragicmurdfr of the wretched lenklnsond Stewart. God grant that the women of San Francisco may not soon have cause to weep and wail for themselves and their children, rather than for the slaughtered victims of the unfettered bloodhounds who are now lawlessly dealing death and fale among us! God grant that the day may not soon come when they shall say, "Blessed are the wombs which never conceived, and the breasts which never gave suck 1"—when we shall all have cause to say to [the mountains, " fall upon us; end to the hills, hide us*'from the Vigilance Committee. God grant that some future Tacitus or Joseplius, when writing our history, may not have occusion to record horrors BB dreadful as th'iBe brought upon the devoted iiihabitants of Jerusalem by her blood)-minded " best and most influential citizens I" Am I indulging io morbid fancies, or prating of idle and imaginary fears ?—of evils not incident to the present slate of mankind ? Transport your mind8 from the doomed city of Jerusalem lo Paris end the late French Republic. Passover en interval of eighteen hundred years, and comedown to the days of Damon, Matat, Coulon, Robespierre, and the Vigilance Committee of the capital of France, then the centre of European civilization, learning and philosophy. There, too, in ihe beginning, "a feeling of awe end solemnity fell upon the spectators,"as they be- held the beauty and chiyalry of France, brave men and beautiful women, led to death at the fiat of a lawless and irresponsible committee. But, like the tiger that has once tasted human blood, the excited and unrestrained multitude suddenly acquired a ketn and fierce appetite for carnage end havoc, which could be—not satiated, but fatigued .only—by daily libations of blood I blood I blood I— the blood vl llie brave, of the beautiful, and of the Rifted, until fair Prance became one vast human slaughter-house, and men were fain to seek shelter beneaih the iron despotism of a military chieftain (great sensation ) Men and breihren, awake from your false security, Uced not those hireling and corrupt editors, whu persuade you to surrender to the patriotic and disinterested Vigilance Committee the custody of your character, your properly, your liberty, and your lives. Heed not the crocodile lamentations and hyena bowlings over petty crimes, of those vampires who, at midnight, drain the stream of life in your midst, and at midday repeat their horrid orgies with triumphant demonstrations. Murdej—murder ten-fold more damnable than felonious individual homicide—stalks your streets, not shrouding its hideous aspvet in murky darkness, not screening its bloodstained hand in secret lurking places; but with btazen front, in the open glare of day, defying and trampling upon your constitution and laws, and laughing lo scorn the solemn mandates of your highest courts of judicature. Gran', if you please, that crime abounds in our midst* Grant that thieves, robbers, incendiaries, and homicides infest our community. Giant even that these malefactors hare gone un*hipt of justice, and that the law has failed lo protect us from their depredations. WliBt then} "Alust crimes be punished but by greater criminals V Sores, blotches, and ulcers ate veiy disagreeable and very annoying to the natural body of man; bat so long as the general health remains untainted, heeBsily endures thetn, and performs his destined pan in ibe ibealre of lifebut when |he he'a„ i8 disease,—when once the „ , , . . ' , . , 60urce of life, and health, and vigor, is lainted, the man speedily dies, and becomes a loathsome and disgusting corse. So, too, malefactors or criminals ere unseemly and troublesome excrescences upon the body ofthe social community ; bat they do not essentially obstruct .the general welfare, so long as the vita! organs of society ere not paralysed or destroyed; but nhtn mobo2racy usurps and guides the reins of government—when lawless combinations of individuals seize upon and wield the sovereign power—>when sell-con* slituted Vigilance Committees array themselves against the lawful authorities voluntarily ordained by the whole people, then the heart and life-seat of society becomes cotrupted; and the death and utter decomposition ol tbe political body must speedily follow. If it be ttue, (and nho dare dispute it 7) that the only foundation of humsn right to punish offen» ders is, (not revengr—nol the gratification of a ferocious appetite for blood end death,) but the securing the general safety and peace of tociety, then are the Vtgilaiice Committee (enfold more worthy ol death than were the wretched Jenkins and Stewart, eten conceding those miserable victims to have been aa guilty as repotted; and why? Because they have done a hundred fold more 10 injure society at large, to paralyze its functions, (a destroy its objects, and to render it an intolerable curse, than all the individual malefactors that have infested our land since the shores ol California was fir-t trodden by the foot ol an American. And yet we are unblushingly told, that they must be excused, justified and even applauded, that we must pay homage to them as public benefactors, because it is said, they intended well, and "did evil only that good might come.". Did not Ihe bigoted Cnlltolics intend well, when in the reign of Charles the Eighth, (if I remember right) at the tolling of a Church hell they caused Ihe French Protestants, without distinction of age or sex, to be indiscriminately butchered! Did not the Directors of the Spanish ' Inquisition intend well, when, in their seal for the true faith, they immolatedhereiiw Btthe Hake? Did not the Alehcraetetitt intend veil, .when fulfilling the^wnmand ol their l'rophet, they "sought the surest puss to Turkish heaven" hy sjaugiiteringjiQSIS of Christian dogs, who relo%?3 to ""worship Ihe Arabian Imposter ? Why, gentlemen, li nes long ego said, that even " liell itself is paved wilh good intentions!" and never was there a maxim importing a ; mote instructive, though melancholy truth. Yes, gentlemen, a venal atid worldly minded M issionary, exchanging (as it eaii) the heathen and thriftless field in which he was -sent forth to labour, for the glittering ta'inea oT' California, choosing to serve Mammon rather than God, and .pre* ferring tbe patronage of " our best and roost influential citizens," to the wages of righteousness, he may defile ihe holy tabernacle of religion, and like the Devil to whom be has sold himself, quote Scripture in support of iniquity; he, by his cunning and faithless interpretations (as did the Jenith priests by their traditions) may make the laws of God and man nf no effect when they come in conflict wilh the wicked purposes of his " respectable'' pations—a corrupt end hireling press, dependant for bread and pelf upon those same best and most influential citizens," may prate Jacobinical and dis organizing absurdities about the " higher law." end publish fulsome end disgusting panegyrics in behalf of a lawless association of men, confessedly guilty of mutder of the blackest dye. Nay more—those guilty men themselves, blinded by their fuiy, and elated by the flattery of their hireling sycophants and servile panders, may not feel and believe that they can justify the dreadful crimes they have committed; but the hour is rapidly approaching when they must render an account of those awful deeds, to conscience and lo God ; and when no false ministers or corrupt t d.tora will be able to hide the naked and frightful deformity of their iniquity. Then, when death— death which, though "thehaughty brave, the weak roust bear, the wretch must crave," is, nevertheless, the great and paramount object of human terror,—when gloomy and inexorable death, armed with all his terrors, shall frown over prostrate bodies—in that dreadful hour, "when conscience must embrace the thought that comprehends woe wiihoul name, or hope, or end," nlien ihe mind, riven by remorse, " shall writhe like the scorpion girt by fire, darkness above, despair beneaih, around it flame, within it death when even " penitence hath lost her rower lo wring one terror from the grave," then will the pallid ghosts of ilieir murdered victim>, "sit heavy on their filling souls," and, as did ihe phantoms of Bosworih Field to the bloody Richard, with "gnashing teeth and haggatd lip," bid them "desf air and die,"—bid lliem "lo their sullen grave, Go, and with ghouls and ufrils rave, till these in horror shrink away' from spectre more accursed than they." And shall those blood-stained men be allowed to assert and maintain, in behalf of their associates, en exemption from legal liability for gross and wanton outrages upon the most sacred rights of our citizens? Shall ihe members of that band of felons and traitors against the luws of God and their ronntry, be permitted to cluiro a license Bnd indulgence to wrong individuals wilh impunity, upon the sham and insolent plea that they are organised and acting for the public good? "The public good!'' Great God, gentlemen, how long would our coriupt editors abu«e and insult us wilh their shameless and absurd falsehoods as to " the great good accomplished by ibe stern Bnd inflexible the noble minded end never-enough to belewarded Vigilance Committee?" What have ihose mushroom noblemen—those sweetscented, starch-collared, counter-jumping aristocracy who, in one short nipht, by Ihe loul purchase of a goodly qusnti'y of dirty ink, and printing materials, beenme suddenly metamorphosed from cheating haberdashers and close-fisted and soulless-money dealers, into "xn august body of patriotic noblemen" —in Hie name or sense, what good have they accomplished for the community, that they thus, with haughty and suoercilious air, challenge lor themselves the highest niche in Ihe pantheon of our plebeian affections? Why forsoolh, ihey have Itidnapred some half dozen poor devils, impeded of roguish propensities! But whence came ihe gloom, the despondency, the moral nightmare that now oppress our late buoyant and elastic land ? Ah i gentlemen our plicenij-like city could emerge with increased energy and vigour, from the ashes of repeated conflagrations, Commercisl failures and pecuniary einba'rassmenls had no visible effert in retarding our onward progress. "The nations saw nnd wondered" at our rapid and brilliant career. From every land and clime, men were turning their thoughts and wending their steps towards California. The "star ol empire shone with dazzling splendor over our land, luring io our shores tbe breve and the gified, the chivalry and ihe enterprise ol the world. "Good men and true" were seeking homes in our midst, for themselves and lor their children. Thry were willing to encounter fatigue, privation, and danger; they were not dismayed by rapidity succeeding disasters, end the supposed prevalence of individual outrage and crime; but now, panic stricken by the impending and threatening tempest that darkly lowers in our social atmospheie, they are thronging in crowds, every departing sleamer, hurriedly "shaking from their feet the dust" ol our disorganized city, and seeing in other lands a home *here no lawless and bloody-minded Vigilance Committee will dare molesl or make them afraid. Away, then, with the canting hypocrisy, the absurd and insulting falsehoods as to the -'grfot public good accomplished by the Committee." I tell you, gentlemen, nnd I tell you truly, that all the fires lhat have ao often wrapped our city in flames, and laid in ashes her edifices, and all the fires that may or can occur for the nest five years, should they even become ten-fold more frequent and destructive than they have been, have not done nor can they do, one tenth part as much to obstruct and blight our public welfare and prosperity, as lias already been (fleeted by our mischievous and acsursed Vigilance Committee. Bui, let me ask, what do our immaculate reformers purpose to accomplish ? To extirpate ihe evil propensities of mankind, and entirely lo rid our community of evil doers ? Who ever saw, tead, or hea'd tell of any community, in eny age or land, lhat was not infested with malefactors? It ii folly and madness to suppose Ihe possibility of such a slate of society, so long as our wotld shall continue to be the theatre in which " man, of the essence wherewith he WBS created, makes a conflict between good and evil," "The first man born into the world murder* ed the second/' and from that age to the present, murder and other crimes have abounded In every land and clime, and in spile of ihe best possible laws, and ihe most upright and efficient administration of them, will continue to abound until time shall be no more. But, gentlemen, are oor Committee actuated only by the pure purposes and laudable objectsatliibuied to them by their bate panderers?—the servile editors, who convert a public press into a public nuisance; the canting. hypocritical, pulpit jugglers, who outrage common decency by indiscriminateand shameless libels npon the law and its ministers, and insult God and men by prostituting their sacred functions to maintain a wicked and treasonable combinntitn of insolent usurpers Tbey bowl over tbe enefficiency of the )atv. They cry out that our judges are incompetent end faithless; and therefore they have se'zed into their own hands the reins of government, and the Custody ol the public, welfare. Do you believe that these false croakers really de - tire an efficient «dninisti«tioa of jutiice t ] " Justice V f God Almighty have mercy on their souls, when Justice shall resume her awful away 1 Justice "is just what they are afraid of!" A lawyer, a gentleman, a scholar, and a man that would ornament any society, and add .lustre to any bench,, presides over our Court of .Sessions. But a few days since in thexlischargeof his sworn duly ee a magistrate he called the attention of the Grand Jury to the foul jnurderof Stuart. He declared to them the undoubted law, as it is expounded by B-acton, Dalioo, Coke, Finch, Hale, Hawkins, Blacksione, and the oilier "grave and sad men" who constitute the landmarks of ourcriminal jurisprudence. "Wantonly io kill thegreBlesI of malefactors, a felon or a traitor, attainted, or outlawed, deliberately, uncorapelled, and extrajudicially, it murder. And farther, if judgment of death be given by a judge nol authorised by lawful commission, and execution is done accordingly, the judge is guilty of murder. A!so, such judgment, when legal, must be executed by the proper officer, or his appointed deputy; for no one else is required by law to do it, which reqiusition it is lhat justifies the homicide. If another person does it of his own head, it is held to be murder, even though it be the judge himself."—[81. Com. 178-9] Here, then, we see at least one judge faithfully, and ably discharging the high and solemn function with which he has been entrusted for the public good. Forthwith, the whole yelping pack, from ihe huge mnsiiff to the " cur of low degree," from the sleek and pampered spaniel to the surly and malevolent hound, deafen our ears wilh vociferous and discordant bowlings because wc have a judge who dares assert "truisms which no man disputes," and attempts to enforce the acknowledged law, e»en when it proves distasteful to "our best and most influential citizens." Every species of abuse, ridicule, and indecent scurrility has been hurled against that able and conscientious judge by the truckling Guildensterns who bow before our Juggernaut Committee—thai huge and portentious monster which has now become a " massive wheel—fixed on the summit of the highest mount—lo whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things are mortised and and adjoined." No, gentlemen, ihose porse proud npslarts desire only the tiller prostra. lion of " awful rule, and right supremacy," and the substitution of themselves ns our arbiters of tight and wrong And what security hare you that they will prove more competent or faithful than the judges iliey so rabidly denounce ? Are they not were men, composed ol the same llesh and blood and subject lo ihe like frailiies and infirmities, as are the judges and officers upon whom the whole people have willingly devolied the administration of justice? Is it not grossly and stupidly absurd lo suppose ilmt a sellconsmulfd association or individuals, without experience in their usurped functions, blinded by excitement, acknowledging no law but their own will, und unrestrained by any feeling of individual responsibility for the secret determinations ol an invisible and intangible body—is it not Bbsurd lo suppose that such an association of individuals can be more sBfely trusled with the awful attributes ot sovereignty than llie men selected by the entire community for their supposed fitness and qualifications, acting openly, in view or the whole public, individually and separately responsible, each lor his own acts, and impelled to do right and restrained from doing wrong as well by 'ibe obligation of their official oaths, as by ihe consciousness lhat their professional and private reputation end prospects in lile, depend upon the failliful and efficient dis- charge ol their public duty ? " What judgment would step from this io this?" But, gentlemen, note the qualifications of a Committee-man, ns vaumingly, shamelessly promulgated by one or their brawling panizans, ihe Stockton Journal. After saying lhat he " had placed lliem high before —C'tn ostugn me platform ol "Justice" tie te.'ls us that when he witnessed the murder of Sluarl it warmed his heart with admiration or ihose stern and inflexible men who proved themselves so capable of cool-blooded outrage and massacre, and forthwith the Committee rose still higher—"even in his estimation" far above " Ihe platform of Justice/' But htar.him asjto thequalificalions]of a Committee man—" No person is admitted to the association until he has undergone Ihe strictest scrutiny as to reputation, and then"—though of good reputation—"if nol deemed firm and efficient, lie is rejected. If found weak in his support of the Committee"—though firm and efficient—"or loose of soul"—if he shiinks from murder and treason—" lie is erpclled." But, mark, geniltmen, the horrid brutality of sentiment end feeling engendered by these bloody-minded associaiions ns manifested by the tame editor in describing ihe ruthless massacre, by one of the numerous Vigilance Committees formed throughout the State upon the model of ours, of a Spanish female on the ne*t day after the Stuart tragedy, for the alleged offence of killing a ruffian while in the act of grossly insulting her. "She was immediately arrested, tried, sentenced, and hung at 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the same day. She did nol exhibit the least fear, walking up a small ladder to the scaffold, and plating the rope round her neck wilh her own hoods, first gratefully removing two plaits of raven black hair from her shoulders to make room for the fatil cord. Some five or six hundred witnessed the execution," Thus, with sarcastic levity and fiendish exultation, a public editor gloats over the detuilsof the most shocking barbarity to be found in the annals ol any civilized country; Such brutality is enough to make one "seeing this, and having human feelings, blush, and hang his head to think himself a man I" Such, gentlemen, is the monstrous association io whose custody we are sought to be bullied into surrendering our lives and all that renders life valuable. Surrendering did I say ? We ate already captured. The landmarks of right, and properly, and freedom are trodden down. The Committee have declared themselves sovereign. " Who will now dare shout for the supremacy or the into ?" insolently bawls one or their pernicious creatures! ''Judges may frown, and men of the law may growl, but the will of the Commilleee shall be supreme," exclaims another caitiff hireling 1 Yotir Supreme Court has been mocked, scorned and defied ; and even Ihe sacred writ ol habeas corpus has fallen powerless beneath the worse than despotic sway of this dreadful sovereign! " What a fall was there my countrymen," when that venerahle bulwark of human liberty fell, trampled beneath the ruthless feet of these Vandal reformers 1 " Then I, Bnd you, and all of us fell down, whilst bloody treason flourished over us I" If our puritanical Committee really desire to promote the public good by ridding ihe community of evil.doers, and punishing lhn>e rogues whom the law does not, or cannot reach, why do they not begin with ihose " large-handed robbtrs"—who " our grave roasters ate—and pillage by law ?'" Why do ihey not repress those greedy usurers, those rapacious leeches who drain and exhaust our substance until, in a country with a specie capital vastly , greater than the richest Slate Union, (world) we bave the poorest community and people on the face of God's earth ? The; poet Butler informs us that Uudihras—a notable tnember of Cromwell's Vigilance Committee—had such a superabundance of logical resources—WBS SO profoundly skilled in analytic—lhat he conld demonstrate how "rooks might be Committee-men." Bol esen lhat distinguished logician would be unable, by analysis, to explain bow, and why it it, (hut the identical gentlemen who, last year, during the Sacramento riots, where .fierce sticklers for 'flaw end order," who then, with bristling bayonets and trenchant blades, "for flashing in their red right bands," rushed to the *id of: the "best and .roost influential citizens," of Sacramento, eager to shed blood in asserting the supremacy of. a doubtful and disputed law, which secured [to ihrm tbe monopoly of all the public lands, to the exclusion of the small squatters; how, and why is it, that those fnen.fire tiow the most prominent members^ol our Vigilant Committee, armed lo the teeth, end ready to do battle foi Ihe subvetsion of ihe acknowledged law, \- This singular fact, however, may afford an explanation pfthe reason why our Committee direct their whole prowess to the extermination of Ihe petty rogues, without any attempt to molest the great ones. Should it also be possible that they are becoming doubtful o< their own cpnslruction of the law for which Ihey fought and bled lost summer, that might furnish another motive for their present anxiety to subvert the. law and the Courls, end thus prevent ihe disagreeable consequences that might result from the existence of a competent legal authority to oust them from their plundered acquisitions. Beware then, gentlemen, lest you experience llie fate of those Israelites of old, who complained of their judges, that " ihey look bribes and pervened justice, ond therefore they besought their Samuel to give them a king to reign over them." Beware lesl our Samuel also displace our judges, and substitute kings, worse than Saul, who "shall take the best of your fields, and your vineyards, and your olives, and give thetn to their servants:" the false sycophants who shall aid them in subverting your liberties. Beware how you permit ihe sovereigns of our Vigilance Committee to invade end trample upon ihe rights of even poor Melcalf, upon the pretext that it is required hy the pubile good, of the public danger. Such is ever the tyrant's plea. Remember the Athenian, who exhibited lo the people self-inflicted wounds upon his person, p-ctending he had been assaulted and maltreated by ruflians, and persuaded them to allow him a body guard for his pioieetion, with which (though numbering only ihree hundred, much less than our Vigilance Commiilee,) he subverted the liberties of fair Alliens, reduccd his countiymen to srrvilude, and secured to himself the sovereign sway, under the pretext of ridding the city of disorderly persons. Gentlemen, did you ever read Shnkspearc's King Henry Sixth ? I have thought I could distinguish much similarity between Jack Code and his adherenis, and Sam. Brannan and our reftrmets. Portions of the dialogue forcibly illustrate the charaoter, temper, and objccls of our committee. Our editors need only change names with those parttzans of Cade who complained that their magistrates "were no good workmen," and they might then appropriately quote Shaksprnre and say to ilieir readers, "Wc tell you Sam. Brsnnan means to dre6s the commonwealth and lurn it, and set a new nap upon it." To those who have a morbid appetite for blood, thry might SB)', " Only let ihe Vigilance Committee supersede the Courts—llien shall sin he struck down like an ox, and inquiiy's throat cut like a calf, und the Committee shall have the skins of our enemies." Only fancy our greul Mormon " dreamer" personaiing Jack Cade, and exclaiming, " I will apparel all our best end most influential citizens in the livery of the Vigilance Com mittee, that they may agree like brothers, and worship me, their lord." Then just suppose the following dialogue from Slmkspeare i» lake place between tlus saintly teformer and our worthy editors, and you will at once conclude lhat Ihe great bard could also dream some, and foresaw what is now transpiring in San Francisco. Editors—"The firsi thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers." Sam. ni niniDii Kay, mm i mean to do," Editor—"We have a suit upon your saintship ; only lhat the laws of California may come out of your mouth." Sam.—"1 have thought upon it; it shall be so. Away, down with the courts, burn all the records; my mouth shall be llie parliament of San Francisco." And thereupon ihe curtain falls, und " Ihe shouls sent up from fierce ihousands in joyous ire, almost shake the firm earth;" end a publio dinner at the Committee Room, and a complimentary flag, uie vo:cd lo " Ned, the butcher.'' But, now, gentlemen, I must bring my arguments to a close. 1 have done my duly to my client, so far as I was able, end it now rests with jou to determine whether I have done so in vain. 1 feel and ireitible at the fearful odds arrayed (ivOlnst mc; In earlier days, while hope was high und will was strong, when holding up the shield of the taw between the oppressor und the oppressed, I have felt thai I could proudly bru*earid scorn popular prejudice, and the outside influence of wealth and power. But now that '"my days are in Ihe yellow leaf," and "the melancholy telescope ol ttuth is bringing lire near in u'.ler nakedness, making ihe cold reality too real," now that the leaden hand of age begins to rea heavy upon me, aud sad experience has shown lhat ihe dictates of prudence are safer than the promptings of enthusiasm, f feel almost like cowering before the taue of popular clnmonr, and ihe insolence of combined wealth. But when I consider that 1 urn not merely pleading the cause of Peter Aletcalf —an inoffensive and wronged man —but that I am also advocating the cause of you, and me, ond Ihose who shall come after us in this world known land—lhat I am standing up in defence ot human right and lawtul freedom, against lite insolent ussoullsof usurped wealth Bnd its hired minions—1 cannot, I will nol believe lhat you will suffer these proud lordlings to trample with impunity upon my injured clienl. And why should Metralf be denied redress in our courls? Becnuse he is an Englishman and emigrated hither from Sydney ? Why, you and I ate also emigrants and as much foreigners to this land as is the p'Rintiff Have you forgotton thai llie brave Monigomery, ihe chivalrous Lafayette, the heroic DeKalk, Kosciusko, ami many, very ninny other choice spirils who aided in achieving our independence, wete emigrants nnd foreigners to our soil. Have you lorgolion thalduiing the dark hour of our revolution, America had no friends more Hue and devoted than Burre, Fox, Burke, Chatham, and that host of other patriotic end noble minded Englishmen,whose trumpt-t voices in our behall so olicn reverberated, in tones of thuuder, within ihe walls of Parliament? Bui, gentlemen, 1 um not making n Fourth of July oralion. I will dismiss this topic by reminding you the! most or our own revered ancestors were but English emigrants. Aud who need blush to own for his birth place glorious old England ? ihe land ot Bacon. Ilordwicl-e nnd Erskine; the home ol Milton, Shukspeare nnd Byron ; the nation of Marlborough, Nelson, und Wellington. I'eler Melcalf, a plain, hones!, unpretending English yeoman, emigrated to California He brought wilh him his wife and childieu, declared his intention of becoming a citizen of the U.S., pursuant to uur naturalization laws; and selected San Francisco for the permanent home of himself and his family. For two years he, his wife, his daughter ond his son, have laboured among us; ond byunremiiteut toil and industry, have acquired a home and acumpetency—-not only doing no wrong, but constituting a portion of our moil useful and trUy respectable ciiizens; while their honest end liard earned arquisilions remain. with us, and form a part of the only actual wealth of. our community, Argenti a potent end ominous name. Argenti—B foreigner, but not «n Englishman—-tiolaptain hard 6sled working man or producer, -but o sharp willed Jewish money dealer—he also 1 emigrated 40 California, end hasnuccfeeded in Peering «ur peopleapf piles of eotd-~.jioil6 remain or be • Circulated here, and ! thtn pro-! snote our good or add to the general mealth, but to be consigned, by every departing steamer, lo foreign lands. lie brought with him nor wife, nor child. He did, however,lake to himself a wanton harlot; who, train of her gaudy finery, and proud of Ihe protection of her wealthy paramour, look down wiih-iarolent scorn upon "humble and unpretending virtue. At the capricious mandate-of ; |hai shameless whore, Argenti that best and most influential citizen," and the other defendant, summoning to their aid some fifty tif the " stern and inflexible Committee," armed with revolvers, place themselves under the petticoat banner of this foul hag, and in defiance of law. decency, and humanity, at the dead hour of nigiit, follow her filthy steps into Ihe peaceful dwellings of honesty, virtue, and chastity, and with shameless brutality, force from their beds a«hasle wife and vittuous daughter ;1 and wantonly commit outrages so gross and insulting as scarcely to be credible. Gentlemen, cram down ihe false threats of our lying editors their slanderous brags, " that no jury will dare award one hundred dollars damages" for this wanton and unparallelled outrage. Bleed these purse proud lordlings to ihe last cent ofthe twenty thousand dollars claimed by this complaint, and yoa will perform on act not only of limited justice between these parties, but one of which yourselves and the community, and the whole civilised world will long and justly be proud. I am done. At the conclusion of the argument the jury withdrew in the custody or the Sheriff, Bisd remained out till nine o'clock, on Saturday evening, when they came into court; and reported through their foreman, Theodore Payne, Esq., that they could nol agree upon a verdict, whereupon they were discharged by the Court,—(aan Francisco) Morning Post. September 1. 