CARDINAL WISEMAN'S PASTORAL LETTER. Í NICHOLAS, by the Divine mercy, of the holy Roman Church, by the title of St, Puden tiara Cardinal Priest, Archbishop of Westminster and Administrator apostolic of the diocese of Southwark. To our dearly beloved in Christ, the clergy, secular and regular, and the faithful of the said archdiocese and diocese, health and benedic- tion in the Lord. ¡,j If this day we greet you under a new title,.; is not, dearly beloved, with an unaltered affection If in words we seem to divide those who till now have formed, under our rule, a single flock, our heart is as undivided as ever in your regard. For now truly do we feel closely bound to you by new and stronger ties of charity ; now do we embrace you, in our Lord Christ Jesus, with more tender emotions of paternal love ; now doth our soul years, and our mouth is open to you; (2 Cor., vi., 2.) though I words must fail to express what we feel, on being once again permitted to address you. For if our parting was in sorrow, and we durst I note hope that we should Again face to face behold you, our beloved flock, so much the greater is now our consolation and our joy, when we find ourselves not so much permitted, as commissioned, to return to you, by the au . preme ruler of the Church of Christ, But how can we for one moment indulge in selfish feelings, wires, through that loving father's generous and wise counsels, the greatest of blessings has just been bestowed upon our country by the restoration of its true Catholic hierarchical government, in communion with the see of Peter ! For, on the 29th day of last, month, on the Feast of the Archangel St. Michael, Prince of the Heavenly Host, his Holiness Pope Pius IX was graciously pleased to issue, his letters apostolic, under the Fisherman's Ring, conceived in terms of great weight and dignity, wherein he substituted for the eight apostolic vicariate heretofore existing, one archiepiscopal or metropolitan and li episcopal sees, repealing at the same time and annulling' all dispositions and enactments made for England by the Holy See with reference to its late form of ecclesiastical government. And by a brief dated the same day, his Holiness was further pleased to appoint us, though most unworthy, to the archiepiscopal see of Westminster, established by the above mentioned letters apostolic, giving to it the same time the administration of the episcopal see of Southwark. So that, at present, and till such time as the Holy See shall think fit other wise to provide, toe govern, and shall continue to govern, the counties of Middlesex. Hu third, and i Tisser, as ordinary thereof, and those of Surrey. Sussex, K'til, Berks, and Banks with the islands annexed, as administrator, with ordinary jurisdiction. Further, we have to announce to you 'I ally beloved in Christ, that as if still further to add solemnity and honour before the church to this noble act of apostolic authority, and to have an additional mark of paternal benevolence towards the Catholics of England, his Holiness was pleased to raise us in the private consistory of Monday, the 30th of September, to the rank of Cardinal Priest of the Holy ' Roman Church and on the Thursday next ' ensuing, being the 3rd day of this month of October, in public consistory, he delivered to i us the insignia of this dignity, the cardinals all that assigning us afterwards for our title, in the private consistory which we attended, the Church of St Pudentiana, in which St. Peter is grounded believed to have enjoyed the hospitality of the limbs" and partly British family of the Senator Pudens. In that some consistory we were enabled ourselves to ask for the archiepiscopal pallium for our new See of Westminster, and this day we have been invested, by the hands of the supreme Pastor and Pontiff himself, with this badge of metropolitan jurisdiction. The great work, then, is complete; what you have long desired and prayed for is granted. Your beloved country has received a place among the fair churches which, normally constituted, form the splendid aggregate of Catholic communion ; Catholic England has been restored to its orbit in the ecclesiastical I firmament from which its light had long vanished, and begins now anew its course of regular action round the centre of unity, the source of jurisdiction, of light, and of vigour. How wonderfully all this has been brought about how clearly the hand of God has been shown in every step, we have not had leisure to relate; but we may hopesoonto recount to you by word of mouth, In the meantime we will content ourselves with assuring you that, if the concordant voice of those venerable and most eminent counsellors to whom the Holy See commits the regulation of ecclesiastical affairs, in missionary countries, of the overruling of every variety of interests and designs, to the rendering of this measure almost necessary, if the earnest prayers of our holy Pontiff and his most sacred obtain son of the divine sacrifice, added to his own depp and earnest reflection, can form to the Catholic heart an earnest of heavenly direction, an assurance that the Spirit of Truth, who guides the church, has here inspired its supreme head, we cannot desire stronger or more con- soling evidence that this most important measure is from God, has His sanction and blessing and will consequently prosper. Then truly is this day to us a day of joy and exaltation of spirit, the crowning day of long hope, and the opening day of bright prospects. How must the saints of our country, whether Roman or British, Saxon or Norman, look down from their seats of bliss with beaming glances upon this new evidence of the 'faith and church which led them to glory, sympathising with those who have faithfully adhered to them through centuries of ill repute, for the truth's sake, and now reap the fruit of the earphones and 1 nig-suffering ! A 4 all those blessed martyrs of these latter ages, who have fought the battles of (the faith under such dis CJ'irng^ment, who mourned, more than over their own letters or their own pain, over the desolate ways of their own Sion and the departure of England's religious glory ; oh! how must they bless God, who hath again visited His people, how take part in our joy as they see the lamp of the temple again enkindled and rebrightening, as they behold the silver links of that chain which has connected their country with the See of Peter in his visional government changed into burnished gold ; not stronger nor more closely knit, but more beautifully wrought and more brightly arrayed ! And in nothing will it be fairer or brighter ' than in this, that the glow of more fervent love ' will be upon it. Whatever our sincere attach ment and unflinching devotion to the Holy See till now, there is a new ingredient cast upon the feelings : a warmer gratitude, a tenderer affection, a profounder admiration, a bank dies and endless sense of obligation for so new, so great, PO sublime a gift, will be added to past sentiments of loyalty and fidelity to the ton preme See of Peter. Our venerable Pontiff has shown himself a true shepherd, a true father and we cannot but express our gratitude to him in our most fervent language, in the language of prayer. For when we rise our voices, as is meet, in loud and fervent thanks giving to the Almighty for the precious I gifte bestowed upon our portion of Christ's vineyard, we will also implore every choice blessing on him who has been so signally the divine instrument in procuring it. We will pray that his rule over the church may be prolonged to many years, for its welfare that health and strength may be preserved to him for the discharge of his arduous duties that light and grace may be granted to him proportioned to the sublimity of his office; and that consolations, temporal and spiritual, may be poured out upon him abundantly, in compensation for past sorrows and past ingratitude And of these consolations may one of most sweet to his paternal heart be the propagation of holy religion in our country, the advancement of his spiritual children there in true piety and devotion, and our ever increasing affection and attachment to the see of St. Peter. In order, therefore, that our thanksgiving may be made with all becoming solemnity, we hereby enjoin as follows: - 1\. This our pastoral letter shall be publicly read in all the churches and chapels of the archdiocese of Westminster and the diocese of Southwark on the Sunday after its being received. 2\. On the following Sunday there shall be, in every such church or chapel, a solemn bene d action of the blessed sacrament, at which shall be sang the Te Deum, with the usual services and prayers, with the prayer also .. Fidelia Deus, Pastor at Rector, for the Pop-, Wiseman 2 " I 3. The collect "Pro Gratiarum Action." or thanksgiving, and that for the Pope shall be recited in the mass of that day and for two days following 4\. Where benediction, is never given, the Te Deum, with its J*r~'^t'e» shall be recited or [lang after r,°*v".l7"*r',"Jr\collect8 abovenamed shall be a i<"»?".?»-..$. by, -Ak And '.'" »«^'»-rVi^.. V/Jjnestiy entreating i for ourselves absolves"! . i>~M.^vi,r,.4ervent prayers, we lovingly implore us. ", was- read a bestow on you the blessing of Almighty the. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen. Given out of the Flaminian Gate of Rome, this 7th day of October, in the year of Our Lord, 1856. NICHOLAS. Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster. By command of his Eminence, FRANCIS SEARLE, Secretary. 