\- DISMANTLED ARSENALS. We 'lovo to contemplate the. ruins of those black-' looking war-factories that ' were wont to pour forth a stream thiit gladdened the. fellest spirit that ever breathed on this green world. .(There tHey stand in haggard desolation like things built before the sun was made, antL unable to bear its' light ; or like a bloated ragged dmnkard before a mirror with a thou sand angel faces in it. Still and cold is now , that terrible mysterious enginery that turned the best tilings nature ever made for iman into- lava-streams or hot poison, that burnt his heart up with fierce inhuman .passions LAndjli.ose_coilcd._copperiColourecLjvor.insI are dead— the greedy metallic , snakes that devdured whole fields of yellow grain a day, the bread for whicb a thousand widows prayed, and plied their lean fingers at the midnight hour. They are dead'! ; and when they died, their fiery malignant ghosts, I- trow, were expelled the fellowship of betterispirits.in the bottom less pit, that could not brook their alcoholic breath. They are dead, the' skulking reptiles 1: that.- half- buried in the earth pourpd invisible their rivulets of blighting ruin into the fountain of human happiness and life ; that stung to .death, in thd sunniest walks of youth, hopes that took hold of, heaven, of earth, of the love and joy of a thousand hearts. They are. dead ! and the stream is dry that fed the veins of war with hot vitality. And, next, that monstrous Gorgon will die. Depend upon it ; war never, had In its devil's heart any other blood than rum. Nay, its heart itself is hut a vast distillery, keeping its huge veins and arte ries full of that fiery fluid. The vat of fermenting grain and cane juice is the stomach of war, and the still- worm its viscera. These are tho nutritive' and digestive organs of the great red dragon : and for this, — like other dragons killed in olden times — it must be bo mortal ; for rum is mortal, and all it3 fiery foun tains will-dry up, while the earth is full of springs of water, pure and sweet as that which the sinless Adam drank out of the hand of God. Will war die? War that claimed the immortality of Death and Sin ? Yes; and Death', and Sin, and Sntan will live to weep over the 'grave of their re nowned confederate. And such a funeral! methuiks I see it now. The earth sea, and sky are vibrating with joyous emotion, and there is gladness in -tho heart of every, living thing. The dust of fourteen thousand millions of human beings butchered in the bnttle-field stirs into life and form : and up springing from their coral graves and caverns fathomless in the sea, myriads of human skeletons leap1 upon: the land and clup 'tlieir bou.y- bands -in triumph, and around ' the globe runs the exulting gibber of " tile ' sheeted dead," ilmt the great Destroyer has fallen. And yon- ' tier, ineihinks, there rolls a sea, full fifty fathoms deep, — a dark, dead, salt sea of tears, fed by the outlets of ,a hundred thousand -millions of human eyes .that wept nt War's 'doings. .'And now a wailing wind, a monsoon of widows' and orphans' sighs moves over the briny deep, and lifts its bitter waves in sympnthy with tho world's jubilee. And Labor, wan, dejected Labor, at whose veins the monster fed, runs up anil down the green hills exulting to see the curse removed. And red-handed slavery, the h eldest thing, of -the. leprous beast, lets go from her palsied hands the bonded mil lions she held with iron grasp, to. throw, their fetters into the grave of war, and shout for joy with nil the sons of God that man is free. And .all beings' that live and love' the face of man, the face of nature— that Jove to look up into ;the' pure,' peaceful sky, and on the peaceful sea, nttd "fields and flocks,— that' love to. commune with the silent harmonies of the great crea tion, and listen to the iriusic of urireasoniug things, — all theso fill lite heavens with one jubilate ! that the great Cannibal is dead— the great nian-eater, that whetting its appetite on the flesh of Abel, ate up a large portion , of the humhit" race, and enslaved the mint i fx t/v iliA «tnnatStue ft p > Stc ' IVftllielt in O til I est iu tu tuc »vo n union Eunu Buriutt, the American Blacksmith. 