THE THEATRE. Last night's performance at this popular place of amusement, was got up for the purpose of giving the inhabitants of Melbourne an opportunity of witnessing the extraordinary histrionic abilities of our old friend Dr Plausible. In the course of the evening that gentleman enacted Ilya or six different parts with considerable spirit, but unequal success. His delineation of! the insinuating candidate for public honours, w" ii finished place of acting; the effective manner in which allusions truro in toto to previous services, and arduous duties, displayed the accomplished artist, and altogether the performer, in this part, acquitted himself admirably. '| We are ever ready to acknowledge the Do, let's talents ; but we would request him tonT,' sider his conception of the political pluloMpW' The amount of work he had to go through a sufficient excuse for slight faults ; but it must stated, that his conception of this character is. Vndically.vicious, his execution stale, flat and' profitable, and deformed by ocoisionalgn'T;,' offences, in which no respectable performer now, a-days indulges. A new melo-drama entitled " The Trial of the Ballot," concluded the evening's iinniscmetni and his upon it, the author seemed to lavish his greatest efforts, it deserves some little note It is generally believed that this production is the fruit of the actor's own brain ; our decided conviction is, that it is a regular paste and scissors concoction. The plot-is meagre and an. artificial, interest there is none the eatnstropLj being apparent before the close of the last scene. We think the play itself would have had greater justice done to it, and the different characters were sustained by as many different actors. As it, was, some of the parts suffered materially from the care lessness of the player, The ballot is indicted to stand its trial for obtaining support under false pretences ; now the part of advocate for the papers a very important one, yet the actor slurred it over most improperly. There was a want of eamesInessdisplnved, that detracted con. siderably from what otherwise might have been a very telling part. The brilliant part of Ham Brougham was' shockingly triangles, it is actually real. Now, in all our theatrical exper heaven, we never heard of such a part having been read. We know that the part of the Ghost in Hamlet has been read by an actor with spec tack son nose; this might be home, but to see an actor of Dr Plausible'* talents, after aroiriW himself well prepared, to see 'such a man with a candle in one hand and a book in the other reading the part of the meron ial Harry Brougham, was so utterly subversive of our ideas of theatrical propriety that war groaned aloud It cannot be denied that the Doctor is a very clever actor, but his range of character is very limited. Light comedy is his forte is as if walking gentleman, . he is everything that could be expected in a young colony, he might be very successful in the Pecksniff line, but heavy parts are decidedly above his powers. His person nation of the judge was a lamentable display of talent misapplied them turn a want of dignity, a chattering familiarity shown throughout, and the summing up ilisplnjcd-moro of the spirit of special pleading- than of calm and unbiassed arbitration of conflicting claims, On the whole, the performance will not add to the actor's fame, he had over-estimated his powers, when he determined upon an attempt in which no water except the elder Matthew! has ever succeeded. _ The attendance was a respectable, and the inability appeared satisfied with the performance ; but at gratuitous enter tainments, severe criticisms are not generally indulged 