COBKWALLCBROMCLfi. Lkt jt be impressed upon your minds, let it be in stilled into your children, that the LiitKRTr OF tbs Punas is the palladium of all the civil, po litical and religious rights of au Englishman. — JcNins. LiBiare with danger is to be preferred to slavery witb \- security. — Sallcbt. LAUNCESTON, VAN DIEMEN'S LAND: WEDNESDAY EVENING, MAECH 5, 1851. THE CHURCH CONTROVERSY. A sfxomx meeting of lay-members of the Church of Englaud was held at Adelaide, on 28th January last, for the express pur pose of considering the resolution proposed at the annual meeting of the church so ciety by Mr. Macdermott, and which his Excellency had refused to put from the chair. The room was crowded by a large number of the leading men and laity of the province, besides a large number of clergymen of all denominations. The fol lowing are the resolutions which were car ried unanimously with the exception of the first two, to wbich there were two or three dissentient voices. 1\. That this meeting has heard with regret and alarm that the Australian Bishops, at their recent conference held at Sydney, have at tempted to Burrow the terms of communion with and admission into the ministry of our Church by their formal, gratuitous, and unne cessarily dogmatical declaration on the subject of Baptismal Regeneration, thereby disturbing tbe peace and harmony which have hitherto prevailed amongst its members in this diocese. — Moved by Marshall Macdermott, Esq., J. P. ; seconded by G. S. Walters, Esq. ; and carried by a large majority. . 2\. That as members of the Protestant Church of England in South Australia, and desirous to pay proper deference and respect to tbe Lord Bishop of the Diocese, we totally and absolutely repudiate any assumption of ecclesiastical au thority by the Bishops of the other Australian colonies over tbe Church in this province, and solemnly protest against any attempt on their part to exercise the same. — Moved by James lurtle Fisher, Esq., J. P. ; seconded by Dr. William Wyatt; and carried by a large majority. 3\. That one of the evident obiects of tbe un authorised Conference of the Bishops at Sydney being to obtain an extension of power dangerous to the peace of the community, this meeting deems it necessary to express its opinion that it is highly inexpedient that Any extension of ec clesiPBtical power should bu permitted, or that authority should be given to establish courts with any secular jurisdiction for so-called spiritual purposes.— Moved by Francis S. Dut ton, Esq., i P. ; seconded by Thomas Burr, Esq., J. P. ; anil carried unanimously. 4\. That the Clergy of the Church of England in this Province be respectfully invited to meet and express publicly their opinion on the ec clesiastical character And authority of the Minutes of the proceedings of the Bishops at Sydney.— Moved by John Baker, Esq., J. P.; seconded by John Adams, Esq. ; and carried unanimously. 5\. That, apprehensive that the recognised standards of the Church might be perilled by their unauthorised construction, and by the in novations of the Tractarian and anti- Protestant portion of the Church, it is necessary that measures be taken to guard against the spread of dangerous error in the doctrines of the Protestant Church in this Province, and to main tain those doctrines in their purity.— Moved by Captain C. H. Bagot, M L. C. ; seconded by Cant. John Hart and carried unanimously. & That the following gentlemen be a stand ing committee to represent the Laity, and watch over their interests generally, and to call meet ings of the Laity when and as often as they may deem necessary,, and to replace their, number when reduced to five; — Messrs. 'Macdermott, J. U. Fisher, Wyatt, Bagot, F. S. Duttoa, Baker, Hart.— Moved by Captain Henry Watts ; seconded by Abraham Scott, Esq. ; and carried unanimously. 7\. That a cony of the foregoing resolutions be forwarded by the Chairman to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and to his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, our Primate, with an earnest sup plication that his Grace will use bis authority to protect the Church in South Australia from any episcopal interference witb its doctrines and dis cipline which has not previousty received the direct sanction of his Grace, and of Her Ma jesty as the Supreme Head of the Church ? Moved by ti S. Kingston, Esq., 3. P ; seconded by Captain Duff; and carried unanimously. John Morphett, Chairman. The thanks of the meeting were voted by ac clamation to the Chairman for his judicious and impartial conduct in the chair. Samuel Stocks, Hon. Secretary, The speeches of the several gentlemen who moved, seconded, and supported the various resolutions, though they can hardly be called temperate, were characterised by the greatest talent and ability. Marshall Macderraott, Esq., rose to move tbe first resolution. He was sorry to find that he should be charged with want of etiquette in putting forward his resolution at the last meeting, without having given prior notice to the bisbop and Sir Harry Young tbe chairman, the simple fact was, he was so absorbed in his subject, that the point of etiquette never once occurred to him. From the large attendance of the laity of their own church on the present day, be was led to hope that a chord had been touched which would vibrate in the hearts of thousands — he hoped that they wouldmaintain, duringthatday aproper mo deration, candour, and courtesy, always re membering that the best Christian is crer the truest gentleman : he must congratu late the laity upon this, the first time in which they had met together to express an opinion upon matters referring to their own church. He confessed that, after having carefully considered the Sydney Minutes with the hope of discovering their real character and object, he had found much difficulty in doing bo. He did not see the great doctrine of atonement or any other vital doctrine of our church set forth, but he simply saw a gratuitous and unne cessary dogma put forward upon tbe sub ject of baptismal regeneration, the great symbol of tractarianism, and, therefore, doubly offensive to the great body of our church. After having shown at some length that the question involved in baptism, was left an open one by tbe earliest reformers, Mr. Macdermott proceeded to define what he understood by tractarianism — a system of theology having for its object to unpro testantize tbe Church of England, to intro duce popish ceremonies, to exalt the priest hood, to substitute the prayer-book and tradition for the bible, to introduce the popish doctrines of traneubstantiation, purgatory, confession, penance, absolution, &c.; To counteract this movement towards I the Church of Borne, tbey must organize the laity, they must be vigilant — if unsound ! doctrine is preached in their churches, they I must stop the supplies. If they built churches, let them know the doctrines to be preached in them, and keep the patron age in their own bands. Mr. Walters rose for the second time in support of this re solution. His friend, M r. Macderinott bad truly stated that the effect of the minutes would be to narrow the terms of commu nion with our church. When disputed I doctrines are made the test of tbe fitness J of candidates for the ministry, the effect I must be evil ; witness the diocese of Syd- j ney itself, where none but traefcarians are I ordained to tbe ministry, to the entire ex- I elusion of those who bold the truth j wit- I ness Toronto, and witness all other dioceses I over which tractarian bishops preside — he J would roundly stale tbat were those rain- j utesthe law of the land, nine-tenths of the I laity would secede. Some of the clauses I stood forth more obnoxiously than others, I that for instance with regard to the mar- I riages of dissenters ; some one in real au- I tbority bad said tbat of all the fruits ot I the spirit the greatest was charity. What I right had the bishops to bind us on dog- I rnatical points, when we are under orders 1 to aearch tbe scriptures for ourselves? I Are we to go to those Bcriptures to ascer- g tain the plain grand truths of Christianity ? I Or are we to go and consult the traditions I of men of tbe dark ages, and of six bishops I at Sydney, all uninspired sinners like our- | pelves ? Are those persons the fountains of living waters ? Our church sends us to the scriptures, and to the scriptures we will go. To the law and to the testimony say we— and if bishop, priest, or deacon speak contrary to these, it is because they hare not the light in them. The bishops have treated with contempt the decision of Her Majesty's Privy Council, and they have dared to do that which the heads of so church would have ventured upon. If ever the remark of Festus was applicable, It seems so in this case — too much learning has made these six persons mad. Do any of these brethren hesitate as to their course? To them he would re-call the language of the prophet — how long halt ye between two opinions ? Choose this day whom ye will Berve. If the Lord be God, follow him; but if Baal (and his images) then follow him. His Honor Judge Cooper rose to propose an amendment to the resolution — to the effect — that this meeting has heard with feelings of alarm, that at a meeting of the bishops, held at Sydney, ft plan had been devised for the government of the church wherein no pro ' visions had been made for appeal from the Provincial Synod to Her Majesty's Privy Council, and that this meeting respectfully prayeth that Her Majesty will not sanction any mode of government for the church I which Her Majesty's faithful subjects, members of the Church of England in South Australia, have not had an opportu nity of considering. After an able speech from His Honor — and much discussion had taken place on both sides, the original re solution was carried, only five or six bands being held up in favour of the amendment. The other resolutions then passed, some discussion taking place .upon the second resolution, which was, however, carried by & vast majority. In compliance with the request contained in the fourth resolution, and at the desire of the bishop, the clergy have forwarded (heir opinions upon the Sydney Minutes which are characterised, we rejoice to say, by a spirit and tendency purely protestant and evangelical. They express that which the liturgy and doctrine of the church would plainly inculcate, and they are more especially valuable for the boldness with which they controvert the tractarian doc trines advanced by the bishops. 'We here present them to our readers ; it will be ob served that they are signed by eleven cler gymen — eleven out of sixteen in the REPORT OF THE OPINIONS OF THE CLERGY OP SOUTH AUSTRALIA ON THE ' MINUTES OP PRO CEEDINGS OP THE AUSTRALIAN BISHOPS,' AT SYDNEY, IN OCTOBER, 1850. 3b the Bight Reverend the Lord Bishop of Adeaide. Chapter Home, Adelaide, Feb. 5. 1851. My Lord,— We, the Clergy of tbe Diocese of Adelaide, having deliberated, at your Lordship's suggestion, upon the Minutes of Proceedings at a meeting of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Biihopa of the Province of Australasia, held at Sydney in October last, have now tbe honour of submitting for your Lordship's consideration ourviewg and opinions thereon, as embodied in tbe following propositions. Though unfortunately under the necessity of differing from your Lordship on many points, I ire trust that our manner of doing so will be I deemed unexceptionable. We are persuaded I that we only do justice to the Chief Pastors of I the Australian Churches by giving them credit ? for a sincere anil earnest desire to advance the I interests of true religion in their respective I Dioceses. As Presbyters and Deacons of the ? Church of England, we must claim to be con H sidered no less desirous of securing the attain ? tntnt of tbe great ends of tbe Church's institu I tion. ? It wns not thought necessary to remark upon ? those matters contained in the Minutes which ? are determined by the Rubrics, referred to the decision of tbe Ordinary ; or judging from the general usages in the Mother country, left to the discretion of each individual clergyman. Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity on minor or trivial matters would, it is to be feared, not only fail in its object, but would tend to en gender strife and evil aurmisings. The Church needs reit. May its ? Chief Pastors be endued with the spirit of wisdom, power, love, and of a sound mind ; and may we ?II) Clergy and Laity, be divinely enabled to maintain the faith 'in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in the righteousness of Proposition* above referred to. 1\. That our proceedings may be made public. S. That we proceed to the consideration of we Minutes seriatim ; omitting, however, all dis tuiiion npon the question of baptismal regen PJtton, except to affirm on the propriety or ?wMjweof ttsintroductiott into the ' Minutw.* , *- That we regard the meeting of the Bishops respectively of Sydney, Tasmania, New Zealand, Adelaide, Newcastle, and Melbourne, simply as a voluntary-assembling of tbe Chief Pastors of the Australian Dioceses, to confer upon mutters affecting tbe interests of tbe Church, 4\. That, while we approve mainly of the Ob jects on which the Bishops proposed to consult —as specified in Section I,— we cannot refrain from expressing regret that, as they had not conferred with their respective Clergy before their meeting, they should have forwarded their ' Minutes' to England, with a view, it is pre sumed, to Imperial Legislation, without pre viously submitting them to the Clergy and Laity of their respective Dioceses. Future Synods and Conventions. 5\. That, adverting to chap, ih , 'On Future Synods and Conventions,' we are of opinion that it would be preferable for the Cleigy and Laity to meet in one Assembly or Convention, consisting of every licensed Presbyter having cure of souls, and one or more Laymen chosen by and out of tbe members of each congrega tion, in full communion, and presided over by tbe Bishop of the Diocese. Subdivision of Dioceses and Nomination of Bishops. 6\. That the right and power of Her Most Gracious Majesty to subdivide the Australasian )ioceses and to nominate Bishops thereto has hitherto been wisely and beneficially exercised, and ought for the present to be retained intact ; and that, should a period arrive when it should be deemed expedient that Her Majesty should relinquish the right of nominating to Colonial Sees, we are of opinion that, accordiogto ancient usage, such right of nomination thouldbe vested in the Clergy of the Diocese over which the Bishop is to preside. Church Membership. Minute.— On a discussion of- the phrase, ' duly baptised/ it was understood that the word 'duly' was intended to be'ex plained by the words following, viz., with water, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and not to refer to the person baptising. DISCIPLINE. Clergy. V 7\. That as the Australasian Bishops 'disclaim' the right, power, or wish ' to suspend or revoke, at their own discretion, the licences of clergy men,' we are of opinion that the licences to in cumbencies should, as far as possible, be in the same form of words as those issued to incumbents in England, and not revocable at ' pleasure.' 8 That it is desirable there should be a power depriving clergy convicted of immorality or beresy of theu incumbencies. Status of Clergy. 9\. That we view with some degree of fear and disapprobation the desire of the Australasian Bishops to licence Clergymen to charge* of a ' temporary nature,' and the wish expressed by them ' that candidates for Holy Orders should place themselves entirely at tbe disposal of their Bishop for some definite term of yean, and leave to him the responsibility of appointing and changing their station during such period ;' — ai we believe such b policy, i/ general, would, under present circumstances, be injurious to tlie maintenance of mental independence, doc trinal puritv, and pastoral fidelity among the junior Clergy, and would be inimical to their domestic comfort and general usefulness. 10 That it is of the utmost importance to tbe respectability, influence, and efficiency of the clerical body in this Diocese to keep up, as far as possible,' the standard of secular and theological learning for candidates for Holy Orders which is required by the Bishops at home. 11 That, under present circumstances, it is not adviseable to admit to the Discenate, for the service of tbe Church in this Diocese, per sons whose previous position in the colony would materially impair their influence. 12\. Tbnt, for the due preservation of order and hnrmony, it is desirable that no Deacon or Catechist should be introduced into any district already under the care of a Presbyter, but on the nomination of such Presbvter to whom the 8aid Deacon or Catechist should be subordinate. LITURGY. Marriage o* Persons, neither of whom belong to the Church. 13\. That whereas, up to a recent period, no marriages of Dissenters in England were legal, unless celebrated according to the rites and ceremonies o' the Established Church; and whereat at the present time the majority of Dissenting marriages are so celebrated in the Mother-country — we are of oppiniun that no Australasian Clergyman oughtto refuse tomarry any parties who may apply to him, though they be not members of our communion. Ministering to Dissenters. 14\. That, while we arc relieved from any It gal ' obligation' to perform religious cervices for persons who are 'not members of our Church, — yet, to guard against any misconcep tion, we desire to express our readiness to afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, to any one who may need or desire them. Minute.— We deem it expedient to express an opinion on some points touched upon in chap vn., as we believe these points must be left, to ? certain _er tent, to the deseretionof the Officiating Minister. 'We fed bound, however to remark, that in section 8 letter d so mention is made of marriages to be solemnised on certificate from the Registrar's Office ; but cannot suppose that it is intended by such ommission to condemn the ?olemnisation of such marriages by Ministers of our Church. We desire also to express the difficulty we are under of understand ing what is meant by the advice of the Bishops to repel from the Holy Com _ munion persons who have married within the prohibited degrees ' until they have repented and be reformed.' Holy Baptism. 15\. That the introduction by the Australasian Bishops of the question of Holy Baptism into their Minutes was uncalled for and injudicious. That tbe construction put by them upon the ' Creed, Articles, and Liturgy,' with respect to this subject, would, if imposed, be tantamount to a new article of faith ; and that the dog matical determination of a question wbicb bas ever been practically considered an open one, virtually narrows the terms of communion with ourChurch. Education. 16\. That, whilst desirous of seeing a school established in connection with every Church in this colony, we shall be prepared to regard favourably any system of education in which the Bible ?boll oe the basis of the instruction given. Missions. 17\. That we hail with great satisfaction the establishment of tbe Australasian Board of Mission in connection with our Church, with a view to tbe conversion of tbe aboriginal in habitants of Australasia, and the Isles of tbe Western Pacific; and we earnestly hope and pray that such measures may be adopted and carried out by its members as may be crowned with the Divine blessing. James Farrel, Dean of Adelaide, and Incumbent of Trinity. William John Woodcock, Canon of Adelaide, and Incumbent of Christ Church. Theodore Percival Wilson, Canon of Adelaide, and Incumbent of St. John's. W. H . Coombs, Incumbent of St.George's, Gawler. John Charles Bagsbaw, Incumbent of St Mark's, Penwortham. Arthur B. Burnett, Presbyter, Incum bent of St. Stephen's, Willunga. Jobn Watson, Incumbent of St, Mat thew's, Kensington. John W. Schoales, A.B., T.C.D., Offici ating Minister, Macgill Jobn Fulford, Deacon, Incumbent of St. Mary Sturt, and Christ's Church, O'Halloran Hill. E. K. Miller, Deacon, Head Master of the Pultuey-street School, and Assist ant Minister of Christ Church, North Adelaide Samuel Percy Riclid. Allan), Second Master, St. Peter's Collegiate School. The following is the Bishop's reply : — 'Claremont, February '6, 1851. * My dear Mr. Farrell,— 1 return, for publi cation, the resolutions and opinions arrived at by the clergy on tbe Minutes of tbe Conference at Sydney, which, on my return, I submitted for their consideration. They nppcar to me to be characterized by a calm and serious spirit, which, under the circumstances of excitement lately prevailing, is peculiarly gratifying. Sliou'il Her Gracious Majesty, as Supreme Head of the Church of England, authorise the Clergy anil Laity of the AustralRsinn Diocese to frame their own ecclesiastical polity, subject to her approval, — and should it be deemed adviseable to depart on any point from the existing constitution of the English Church, I trust that the pattern of other reformed Protestant and Episcoial Churches will be followed, rikI the relations of the Bishops, Clergy, aud Laity, as net forth in the Scriptures, carefully preserved. — I remain, yours very truly, 'Augustus Adelaide. 'The Very Rev. Dean Farrell.' It will be observed that upon the vexta quaettio of regeneration by baptism, the clergy have wisely retrained from giviug an opinion, they merely say that the introduc tion of the question into the minutes at all was 'uncalled for and injudicious.' 'Where, indeed, throughout tbe whole tenor of scrip ture do we find one word concerning this subject ? Hugh M'Neile, one of the great lights of the Episcopalian Church says, ' concerning the baptism of infants at all, I do not know one word of God.' Aud who will doubt but that his testimony is true, for there is nothing upon it throughout the word of God, The adoption and pub lication of the Sydney ' Minutes,' lias, at any ratef- had the benefit of calling forth such an inestimable demonstration of the opinions, and will both of the clergy and laity of iSouth Australia, and the thanks of the whole church are certainly due to those right-minded men, wbo have moved, with such determination, and with such a diris tian spirit ia this matter; we feel per suaded' that the laity of tbe church, in that colony, is composed of men who would do much' for their faith aud the purity of their religion. As true friends of the Church of England, we cannot but regret the ano malous position in which she bas long been placed m these colonicB, hampered and trammelled in every movement ; indeed, the colonial church may be .said to suffer the same evils in an ecclesiastical sense, which the colonial community endure from being governed by a distant,' irresponsible and foreign authority. 'When the mem bers of a church are ready aud willing to fight the fight of faith, there may well be a right spirit with them, which, alone, can afford much to the efficacy of true religion. An example has thus been set to the clergy and laity of this island, well worthy of imitation. The Episcopalian Ministry ex tend as much to the diocese as to that of Adelaide, and as well refer to us as to them. The church in this island is suffering all the evils that the church in Adelaide en dures, and it as much behoves us to make a resolute stand against error, as it does them. The clergy cannot, however, be ex pected to make the first move — it is out of the question — the laity, as in Adelaide, must first set the example by calling a meeting amongst themselves, and when the clergy find that they can depend, with safety, upon the sympathy of their flocks, we doubt not but that they will deliver their 'opinions' with as much freedom and boldness as their brethren of Adelaide have done. 