THE REV, DR. CAHTLL AT LIVER POOL—CONVERSION TO THE CA THOLIC CHURCH. (From the Liverpool Correspondent of the Tablet. ) x1 or- several days the circumstance that another Protestant Clergyman was about to be added to that band which has in our day seceded from the Established Church, has created no little sensation in Liverpool among persons of all persuasions — to the Catholics it has been a source of triumph, because the Rev. gentleman,' who ,.ha3, in the letter which I suhioin. declared his determination to enter the fane of Catholicity has declared, that he is finally influenced in that determination by the preaching and teaching of the Rev. Dr. Cahiil. It is a practical confirmation of the wisdom of Dr. Cahiil's refusal to enter into controversy with any of the pugnacious polemical Parsons who crowd in and around Liverpool, of the truth of his position that the, search after Faith is better through reading and prayer than by public disputation written or o aL At present it is intended, I understand, that the Rev, John Collins, A. M., whose letter of adhesion to the Church I subjoin, shall be received publicly in St. Mary's Church on Tuesday next. I may state this, linw flvpr.vthafc the Rev. gentleman is not the only member of the Established Church who will have seceded during these few weeks past. The following is a copy of the letter of the Rev. Mr. Collins to Dr. Cahiil, with that gentleman's reply : — ' Liverpool, May 31st, 1851. ' Rev, and dear Sir— *Per.nit an anxious Clergyman, sixteen years an active Minister of the Church of England, and who has laboured the most of that period in this nation, to address you on, to him, an all important subject. ' For years I have been dubious of the position which the' Church of England holds — the undefined and extravagant vagaries of private judgement— the numerous and con flicting sects — the levelling Divine Mysteries to human reason — the discarding the Sacrament of Baptism through the caprice of a state official — and the want of a spiritual i head, to the scholar and conscientious are j mournful and alarming reflections. ** Following up the legal motto, ' Audi alterant, partem,' I attended your lecture lately, in Liverpool, on the Sacrifice of the I Mass. Many points about which I hesitated were lucidly unfolded and convincingly I impressed in a subsequent conversation on the Real Presence and Transubstantiation ; many doubts were dissipated, and, though tome doctrines are mysterious still, which appear 'as through a glass darkly,' yet * I am determined to trust where I am unable to trace.' ?; I am master of arts of nay University, Clergymen, and congregations perfectly satisfactory, ' I leave my Church with anguish, and feelings similar to those experienced in part ing from a beloved parent, yet I cannot he wr.ong in following the example of so many learned and good men. I henceforth pro fess 'myself a Catholic, if permitted to enter the fane from which my forefathers strayed. \- — I have the honour to be, Rev. and dear .Sir, your very faithful servant, (Signed( ' John Collins.' 'St. Mary's Church, Liverpool, May 31st, 1851. ' My dear Reverend Friend — I feel urged thus to address you in the language of warm affection, in order to give you a hearty welcome, as you set your foot for the first time within the wide spread and time honoured walls of the Universal Church. . ' I have never read in so few words a more comprehensive statement of the incon gruities of the -Protestant Church than you have put forward in the second paragraph of your valued communication. Alas! Reformed England has no Church since she separated' from the communion of Tertullion she is in the ' position' of a body without a head ; the members deprived of spiritual life, having no source of spiritual vitality ; she is in the ' position' of a withered branch broken off from the trunk, and producing no meritorious fruit ; and hence I am not surprised at your doubts of her spiritual position. Her ' numerous sects,' as you appropriately call them are the sure indication of the storm that rages over her spiritual domain. They are the clear result of an Ecclesiastical disturbance ; they are the palpable demonstration that the national Faith is shattered i oto fragments.— Like the swelling surges of an agitated sea, these sects multiply, and rise and foam as the tempest rages ; and they contrast strongly with the solemn repose and universal calm which reigns over the boundless empire of the Catholic Church. '' Private judgment, in ? its vagaries,' has thrown down all the rampants of Christ ianity, and has actually blotted out the Gospel ; it has taken away the Seven ?Sacrasnenis, and destroyed Purgatory, and the Holy Sacrifice of the altar ; it has denied the Divinity of Christ, and has disputed the personality and the existence of the Holy Ghost; it has corrupted the Bible and has robbed mankind of their title- deeds to their future inheritance— in a word, it has pulled down the whole fabric of the New Covenant and has left nothing behind except the soul standing alone in. the wide waste of doubt and Atheism, with no. mark to direct reason and faith save the canopy of the skies and the boundless horizon. ' I do believe that Lord John Russell (in ? his official caprice') is the greatest enemy the Church and the State of England ever had ; he has insulted the Catholic world ; he has Paganised the Protestant creed ; he has degraded the British constitution ; and, if not stopped in his capricious career, he will lower the dignity of the crown. Hence I do not 'wonder that the scholar and the Christian should leave an Jistablishment where trick, and stratagem, and caprice, and despotism, and mere human laws, are substituted for confidingnesp, honour, order, charity, and the ordinances of God. ' I feel very happy, indeed, by your remarks, in reference to our interview. I have ever felt intensely the strong conviction that no Protestant could long remain detached from the true Church, if he per mitted his mind and heart to yield to a calm and unprejudiced investigation of the truths of our holy religion. You, my dear friend, are now the best judge of the truth of this assertion ; and I pray God, that many may be induced to read your letter, and to follow your example. There can be no doubt of the necessity of a sacrifice in the New Law, as the established essential worship of God; j add, surely, if the Cross were the fulfilment ; of the bloody sacrifices of the Old Law, the Last Supper was the fulfilment of the Priest hood and the offering of Melchisedech. If i bread and wine, then, were the type surely bread and wiue cannot be the fulfilment ; if so, the typical thing and Ihe thing typified would be the same thing. The type was j the shadow of some future perfect reality ; ' and surely lhe shadow and the reality can not be the' same thing. Hence as the offer ing at the Last Supper was avowedly the reality of Melchisedech 's type, it- . follows necessarily that it must be as exalted' above the type as the Priesthood of Christ was above that of Aaron, and the atonement of the Cross above the blood of oxen. This rea soning furnishes a demonstration to prove that the new Priesthood and the essential Sacrifice- will be continued through all coming time, ' to show forth His death till He come.' And hence the Catholic Church has now a Sacrifice which is a perfect pro pitiation for sin —an offering suited to all the conditions of Divine worship, and a gift to present to the Throne of Mercy worthy the acceptance of God. ' My dear friend it is a melancholy and a most deplorable factv that there is no worship worthy of God in the Protestant Church, as they neither have a Priest to offer, or any offering to makej which is the essence of worship. That Church has actually gone back to Judaism by celebrating the type and the memorial of bread and wine— that is to say, they preserve the slender taper of the Old Law to direct and to light their steps, although the sun itself has risen in the skies, and pours a burning flood of light over the spiritual creation. How wretched and foolish to see men (who read the Scripture) kneel down in their plain senses' before bread and wine in the New Law — that is, they adopt a type or a memorial, or a shadow, in the face of a perfect fulfilled covenant. May God enlighten them. They deserve pity to see them, like fools, hold up the light ofa farthing candle to direct the world, while the sun stands blazing in the meridian, It is Judaism to adopt this ceremonial, andit is to ' The man who searches is not certain of truth : the man who changes his belief to a newer creed cannot dara to say that the all wise, unchangeable God dictates these novelties and contradictions. Now, if. a witness who doubts, and hesitates' and changes his evidence, would not, or could not, be believed by an honest jury afc a petty court, surely a doubting, changing testimony to Faith' cannot be received at the tribunal of God. Clearly, then, there never was, or never can be, Divine Faith in the Protestant Church— --what is ximoorthy to be human cannot deserve to be Divine. ' I fully appreciate, and I entirely enter jnto, your feelings of anguish on loavingthe Protestant Church ; but, being guided by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, your sorrow will be soon changed into joy ; and as many of your brethren (who rank amongst the bfist and the most loarned men of the present' ago)- have set you the example, you form an additional member of the glorious band, who, within the last few years, have broken family ties ; have given up station and emolument; and, at the sacrifice of every worldly advantage, have yielded to their r.nmnfit.inns in ininini? the Faith of Aumistiue and Jerome of Ireiiseus and Chvysostora ; ranging themselves under the victorious colours that are seen flouting the skies above the old infalliable rock on which Peter has planted the eternal standard. ' I beg to say, in conclusion, that while I advocate the principles of my Church, and while I am prepared to die, if necessary, in its defence, I have never uttered one word from the pulpit in disrespect of the con scientious creed of Protestants ; and more over I say, no matter what provocation I may receive iu England, I shall never deviate from this charitable and inoffensive course, I have observed since I entered on public life, and which I hope to practise to my death. 'I am about to proceed to Manchester, where I shall remain for a month ; and in the meantime I beg to recommend you to the care of my dear friend, Bev. Mr. Sheridan, of St. Mary's, Liverpool ; who I take' leave to say, is one of the most zealous, and disinterested, and perfect Catholic Cler gymen in England. — Believe me, my dear Bev. friend, your faithful and attached Brother in Christ. ' D. W. Cahill, D.D. « To the Bev. John Collins, M A.' Anecdote of Lord Erskine.— He had said Dr. Croly, a morbid sensibility to cir cumstances of the moment, which sometimes strangely enfeebled his presence of mind ; any appearance of slight in his audience, a cough, a rude laugh, or a whisper has been known to dishearten him visibly. Aware of this infirmity, an attorney,' wise in hie «. generation, has been known to plant a rriarr of drowsy appearance and habita beneath the Judge, directly opposite the place where Erskine was accustomed to address the jury. Agreeably to his instructions, and nothing loth, the sleepy bind would make a hideous ... grimace, add give way to the utmost expression of weariness in the midst of the most impassioned sentences. A pause of effect would be broken in upon by a dreadful: yawn, ar.d a sp'endid peroration be inter rupted by a titter in the second row, and the cry of silence from the ushers at; the too plain indication of a snore. Erskine could not withstand the torture, but: sat down. abruptly. 