persons Most of them; had been present ait. .public demon strations bjr Dr. Pajdipg,faq.t.tbeBehfld not l^njvery eatisfetory. It w;p , t1i6%Kt /!fc^Lat a companyof.: persons jyell Imown^to :e^h pfjEier, .^4; y?hbse recog nised respectability placed them _rabpv:e suspicion3 : would supply patients qualified better to: -test, .<the yerityof: the leetjirer.'s professions.;:j, ,]P^e sat ;.&vrc;|,,: .about 30 in; number, in a large drawing-room,. ana eight or nine; persons, including two ladies, came forward as subjects., The lecturer disposed them in a row on chairs, and gave'each a .snuill disk, com posed of.,zinc,, with a, spot of copper in the centre, on which he directed them to keep, their eyes- fixed, for a quarter, of an .hour or so, in which time it would be ascertained whether any of them were .to. prove susceptible or not. Meanwhile silence was epjoined. My friend, who had seated himself amongst the rest, with the disk in the palm of his hand, cast me a waggish look before fixing himself |in the proper:attitude, as much as to say, "Now you shall aee this humbug exposed." I resolved, for my own part, to watch everything that was done with the greatest care, in the hope of detecting the trick on which I theoretically presumed the whole affair rested. It was soon to appear that trick on the part of the lecturer was entirely out of the. question, and that all depended on the fidelity of his patients. At the end of a quarter of an hour Dr. Darling went softly up to the row of subjects, and said a few words to each in succession, apparently in order to ascertain the, condition in which they were. "It soon appeared that both ladies were in a favourable state, but that all of the gentlemen but one were un affected. These accordingly retired, and took their seats amongst the rest of the company. What was my surprise to find that the one gentleman who appeared susceptible was my Mend! Thei ex perimentalist was aware of his previous scepticism, and of course felt the greater pleasure in having succeeded with him. He gently laid his hands over the" eyes of my friend, and said to him, " Now you cannot open them." A hearty effort seemed to .be made, but in vain. The lecturer then said, " Now you can open themand he opened them ac cordingly. I question if he ever had occasion to open them wider. We communicated looks testi fying our common sense of surprise. We were, in fact, thrown out-he on finding himself become all at once the subject of suspicion to me and others and I at finding myself called upon to watch one who had hitherto been my associate in the effort of detection. My friend was now requested to hold out his hands, laid palm to palin. Dr. Darling,. i after a few pauses, and pinching the fingers sharply together, said briskly, " Now you can't seperate them." My friend tried in vain to take them asunder, till, on a nol and a word from the experi mentalist, he did at length draw them apart. After a few passes along the limbs, my friend was told that he was fixed to his chair. He strained him self to rise, using the most violent muscular efforts ; but all in vain, till he received permission. He afterwards acknowledged to me that he had felt as if bound down to his seat 'oy ropes. A touch on the lips imposed an involuntary dumbness on my friend. Not till told that he might now speak, could he utter a word. He was then told that he had forgotten his name. He nevertheless pro nounced it. The experimentalist performed a few further manipulations, and said emphatically, "Now. you can't tell me your name!" Sure enough the word had vanished ! Our patient looked up with a blank expression, and then a stare of puzzlement, which I should vainly endeavour to describe. He finally cast a bewildered and pleading gaze upon his fascinator, who calmly smiled and nodded, as if to undo the spell, when out came the missing vocable, apparently to the no small relief of the patient. He was after this fixed to the ground standing. Sway as he might, in all directions, not a foot could he move. Dr. Darling also held up his fore- finger, and causing my friend to touch it, told him that he could not draw it away. He accordingly could not. Then, this spell being undone, the lecturer held up his fore-finger, and told my friend he could not touch it. He tried, darting his finger first on one side, then on the other-above, below, in all directions but the right one.. In short, my friend had become, from, a proud sceptic and de rider, a perfect victim. He withdrew from the field utterly discomfited. It appeared that he had never been asleep, but continued throughout to possess his usual consciousness. He had really done all he could to resist the commands of the operator ; but power had gone from him. He had been absolutely compelled in each case to submit. The experimentalist now turned to one of the ladies; and here a very interesting series of phe nomena was presented. The lady, I may say-by way of preface, is an intimate friend of my own. She is a tall, elegant person, about two years married, and the mother of one infant. . Her figure is of that rounded kind which indicates an infusion of the lymphatic .temperament. When found to be in the suitable state, I observed that her face was slightly flushed, and her eyes had an embarrassed expression; but she bore no other signs of being in an extraordinary condition. She, too, the lecturer fixed to her seat, and-to the floor, and to his own finger. He caused her voice to desert her; he made her forget her name ; passed, in short, through a. repetition of the principal experiments which had been already practised with my friend. Then he proceeded to some of apparently a higher kind. He told the lady that she was sad; and sad to all; appearance she was. , He told her she must laugh; and she laughed accordingly;--heartily and long, not stopping till she was bid. She was now seated in the middle of the floor, so that every gesture and proceeding could be accurately seen. The lec turer said to her, "Here is a miniature of your husband,"-"and seemed to place something in her hand. - She took the ideal article and looked at; it with an interested expression, then proceeded to suspend it to a chain containing similar trifles which bring round her neck, concluding the afikir with ther gratified .look which a young woman might be expestcd to exhibit on having a pretty miniature of one she loved presented to her. The innocent grace shown in the whole of this, fictitious proceeding drew-forth exactly that Mnd of admira tion from the company wmch would be bestowed on a piece of exquisit61y-natiiral acting in a theatre. I suspect, however, iiwas ".-a grace beyond the reach of art." Dr. Darling, now ventured on a trying: experiment. He bade the lady look at her husband; -who, to our: apprehension; sat smiling, at hei\ He told her that:hfer lord and master had. taken "a great dislike , to her. She seemed airested with a sudden sorrow, gazed painfully at her husband,, imd then we saw her eyes -slowly ,fill with tears. This ' deception was quickly undone, but only to be followed by one iidt much less : distressing to the patient. She .was told/that- the company were en-/ -joyingthemselves..at her expense ; they,'were all: Iaiighihg. ai her . She assumed a proud expression/ rose! up ^ajesti<^lly, .arid looked round and round; 'the iboniwjth/an sir ofcontemptuous defiance. Onj ^ps feel^^ing bto^h^d fr£m hjer mind, she sat dJjwiL p0m^g:dor^.the^oor, flOTirer&4^ere- is-'a, fm^,1 iB^r^nleDj l^fbre.you-you s^'J^utifiij .bedi of M8&L3tt4; addfed the 'names of other jfkvpuiites precincts of: aOhateworth oraliewvShe.became fully convinced that rfie 'saw A- flower^gfiffdciij Bl" thot^^ M she; aftCTTvai^ t6M 'i^^flteliev:CT ceased, io ie aware-of- fiie- - fact that sh& .was sitting in ,a; room. ;ThOT"^Dr;:Darlljig:itffected.Jto pluck flowers aid tfflad^tlbeiff^'heiv ^Steli(^4|ietnj;roidt theiiij %em is lia 'smne" j gryflfhl^ ^mplimjy. yli^h; had b^tf jpaiufestt^. in. stringing the mimatiire. "Thisiisa^ ' thfsg^ture n? pnt^rig if tn .that:: the expression of ':fcb>untenancejwas suitable "to tie7 ; fact <>f thia inodorousncss. Thai 'lectarer thai-, told; hereto look to.ihe Infe'fiui1^®4 ^erf looking ; through the eastem wmdiws kt a heaver grey sky), :1 she beheld a fine" BUMetAccordingly. Then he con-1 vineed iter- that she saw a finepark, aind three gen--. lemen walking'in..it. " And .here (he-said) is ;a nice horse,- come and have a ride upon- it." She moved to. the, middle of the floor with. the. look of one approaching. a horse. . She stroked the ideal palfrey, and took the bridle reins from Dr. Darling's hand. . He-slightly .raised her by the waist and told her she was now mounted; she then.went through the gestures appropriate to riding-got into a rapid movement-r-leant forward-suddenly clapped her cap at the back of her.head, which/ she felt falling; off, and finally stopped a little exhausted with the exercise, and allowed herself in imagination to be lifted off upon the ground. Finally, after she had been reseated, Dr. Darling put a tumbler of water : into her V»ami, and desired her to taste that fine beer; she tasted, and admitted that it was beer. Next he convinced her that it was milk, then that it was water, with animalcules driving pell mell through it. The air of implicit "belief in all these cases was perfectly accordant with the pre sumable feeling. No intentional acting of the highest adept could have been truer to our conceptions of what was proper on each, occasion. : "The other lady, who was younger and unmarried, was next "placed on a sofa. The lecturer held her hands for a few minutes, looking into, her face, he then touched her eyebrows, and made a few other trifling manipulations. It quickly appeared that she had become as obedient to the volition of the lecturer as the former lady had been. On being told that she was sad, she assumed the aspect of a Niobe, forming the finest possible study for that character. She was then told that her father, who was in the room, was in great affliction. She gazed fearfully at him for a minute, and, clasping her hands wildly, threw herself back in a passion of tears. The experimentalist hastened in pity to relieve her from her distress. She smiled with wonder at the strange delusion under which she had been. She was then told that the company were laughing at her; she looked round fiercely, panted with suppressed rage, uttered some exclama tions, and twisting her handkerchief like a rope between her hands, plucked at the two ends, as if she would have torn it asunder. In her the passion of wounded self-esteem was more violent than in the other lady, which afforded the lecturer occasion to remark that the demonstrations are more or less peculiar in every case, according to the natural character of the individual. On the whole, thei'e was a somewhat alarming degree of susceptibility on the part of this subject, and at the request of her father the experiments were discontinued. I was Assured, nevertheless, that no one had ever been lcnown to be injured in the slightest degree by un dergoing these processes. While the party was subsequently at lunch, I had a conference with my friend, as well as with the two female-patients, in order-I need not say to test the ! reality of all these demonstrations, for their reality was beyond a question- but to learn what the pa tients had felt while subjected to the lecturer's will It appeared that there never had, in any case, been any failure of consciousness. They knew where they were, and by whom they were surrounded. They were fully apprehensive of the wish 01 Dr Daning to subject them to his will, and anxious to defeat him in his design-my friend particularly so. But their physical powers proved treacherous to their I desire, and they were compelled to obey another will than their own. As a last experiment, I requested the operator to try if be could arrest the hand of the married lady in lifting a glass of wine to her lips. He fairly stopped it in mid -air. This was 20 mi nutes after leaving the room in which the experi ments had taken place. I afterwards learned that she felt drowsy for a day or two after our seance ; and perhaps during all that time the lecturer might have re-established his power over her will, with out going through any such preliminary process as the gazing upon the disk. Sjl'E ECU-"MA KING.-Who has not known a pleasant party utterly done;. for- every -element of its pleasantness extinguished, by tlie demon of specch- rhskiug throwing- its wet blanket over it? The interesting conversation-tlie smartly maintained '.argument-the <juick ? repartee -the good-humoured badinage-all paralysed in a moment by some unhappy speech-maker, who rises from his chair, like a ghost through a trap-door, and in an unfaltering stolid voice asks permission, to* propose a toast. It is granted, of course. You know that all is ovar-the blow has been struck-enjoyment is. lying sprawling under the table, dying or dead. Yon may as well take your hat and go home disconsolately in the rain-vou know what will fol-1 low. You know that.the wretch is going to propose your host's health-you know all that a creature of the kind says-he is always sure the toast he is abi>at to give re quires no comment-that its . object requires no eulogium from him to make them all do that toast due honour. They all know their friend-their excellent-their valued friend, and that, as surely as be is known he'is esteemed-that they. all can and do apppeciate those many excellent quali ties which have so generally endeared him, either as a hus band, a father, or a friend. . Knowing this, and feeling this, he did believe himself called upon, &c.;, &c.;,'&c.; AH; the. commonplace cant of compliment is duly gone through, and the deuce of it is that the matter don't end here. The toastee (there is no law against coining words as against coining half-crowns) is in duty bound to returnthanks, which rn-oeess he perforins by disclaiming seriatim all the :flatte)y lavished upon him, and too often winding up by r plastering it more upon another, who in his turn repeats the interesting operation.- And so it goes. .round the mania is as catchmg as the small-pox. Everybody ^pro poses everybody else's health. It would be an insult given, ;*to leave "out anybody--received, to be left out t>y everybody. Conversation, amusing or instructive, gives place to a vapid round of compliments, neither instructive, nor amusing, lior sincere! You no more mean, what you say When you make an ordinary buttering after-toner speech than you do what you write, when you'finish a letter with " your most obe dient servant," and addressitr to a fellow whom you mean to kick the firsts time you can catch him.-New Monthly -hfagcGxri&. . ['. . r .' ' j- ii_ A LADY PLEADING :HER. OWN .CAUSE.-In the Dublin Encumbered Estates Court, lately, a lady, Mrs: ' Catherine Winter, appeared to plead her own cause. ; She took a place at the table where herMajesty's counsel and doctors learned , in the law usually sit, and producing a* bundle ;.of papers large enough -to. excite; the jealousy of Chancery practitioner, proceeded to untie and arrange .the.m _with composure and" expertness. ? Onone of the; benches immediately behind sat her brother,-Mr. N. P. Millard, who seemed content to perform the subordinate duty of a junior counsel, surrendering "the more complicated and technical portions of the case to tlie sujwridr management of the fair : advocate who' acted as the senior, and who, it must -be jcon fe^sed, /discharged the .self-iniposed task.iwitb.ijajjollected and consecutive fluency and.,a rhetorical tact, and force wliich would not have disgraced any .'gentlemiui;pf the long^robe." . - - V "* V; f.' " ' I; " DlrtEAMIc VlEWa OF THE C/J?E OF GOOD HOPJE 'akd N atat^-A series of dioramic viewB illnstrative of the BBeueryand physiCala&pept; oftheClapo andNataJ isnOwop.® ?for exhibition at tjie;Western: InBtitution^-jieicesterTKfa^re, views are exe^jptly-^ainte^ . effect vivacity, the -scenes, WPi^nt '-yi^-sy^)su^?'those nf^S^bte jfey,' tqfcGaebl iCrnz/Aigqa -Gtahani'fi Tajimi I-,. - 