To the Editor of the Melbourne Dally News. Dear Sir.— It is with much pleasure I avail myself of the columns of your daily, to bear testimony to tho highly spirited and praiseworthy conduct of Trooper William Durey, constable, attached to the Moulmein Branch. There has been, for many months past, a most atrocious scoundrel and murderer, a black fellow, called Billy the Bull ; for this fellow, for a considerable time past, a warrant has been granted, for the murder of an un- fortunate Tahiti man, who was travelling looking for work; but owing to the ener- getic and efficient conduct of our local magis- tracy, and the police under their orders, this scoundrel has been running at large, robbing and plundering wherever his fancy led him, without an effort being made towards his capture. If we except the ghost of an ap parent attempt towards his capture, Mr — J.P., since left for Scotland, and Mr- those two gentlemen made one or two visits down the river, giving out that their journey was in quest of our friend Billy the Bull, but taking all sorts of good care never to go in any direction where they thought it likely he would be, although a settler, of the Lower Murray, kept the black fellow about his place for some days, and sent word lo Ibis nc'.ivo ! wagi»foatc, who coolly requested Mr--- to Kike tlie man himself; but to return to Constable Darey; on his way down the river to serve a summons, he heard, on all sides, complaint of the depredations of this black ruffian, and determined to show the brave and active Balranald constabulary what one brave man could do; he went in pursuit of, and on the track of thin hitherto formidable fellow, and succeeded alone and single- handed In taking and handcuffing him to his stirrup iron, and bringing bin nt night t0 _ where he watched him all night ; whilst there, ho nude a confession of the murder of the white man, whose body lie planted in a hollow log, a short distance from---, and agreed to go and show tho remains, which ho BppenrB rallier nnxlou about, having, as ho anys, only taken the" Fat out of one side j he nho confessed to the murder of his male, a black fellow, and report states, he since murdered his own lubra, gin, or wife I n m -rc forbidding, cold blooded ruffian never existed, nnd my only fear It, that the burlesque of a Bench, with which we aro saddled, will cither make a mess of Id commitment, or allow him to eitape. Should such be the case, I for one will not risk my life and property in a district where there is neither protection of property or life. I sincerely hope that government will mark their sense of their spirited conduct of Darey, and of which so few examples are shown, and appoint him to a higher post than he now holds In this district. I am, dear Sir, Your obedient servant. A LOWER DARLING SETTLER. Lower Murrumbldgee, April 30th, 1851. 