MISCELLANEA. (From our September files.) . Professor Webster'» Case!-We have just learned of some facts which go fur to show the utter falsity of Professor Webster's confession a*"lo the dispo- sition of Dr. Parkmau's body, and by which he attempted to show his want of premeditation in the killing. A student at (he Medical College has this morning, fur the first time, disclosed thal at the lime of the morder, while be waa in the dissecting room entry, he distinctly heard.sounds of something being dragged over the stairs leading to Professor Webster's lower laboratory, which he has now no doubt were thus produced by tim descent of Dr. Parkman's body. An examination of the sink in the upper laboratory, desci¡bed by Professor Webster as the one he used for the dismemberment of the body, demonstrates its positive incapacity for the puipose, it being or very small size. Aud furthermore, the band hose which the Professor speaks of in his letter of explanation lo the Council, as used by him lo convey »nier to said sink, was (his morning measured by officer O. H. Spnrr, and found to be a couple of fee't too short for that object-Boston Transcript. The Fourth Metate in Scotland.-On Saturday the reprcsentutives of Hie Edinburgh,Glasgow, mid provincial press held their annual meeting, at Stirling. Tbadepulation dom the various localities reached the town uboul 2 p.m., where they passed n very agreeable hour or two in visiting some of the more prominent objects of interest in the neighbour- hood. Among others, the museum of iho Messrs. Drummond was visited, when, by the kindness of the proprietor, its varied stores of ancient and modern art were thrown open lo the inspection of the party, who were highly gratified by the polite and courteous attention «Jtuwn-ilnrm. "üoino rime*' was also spent at the Castle, from the ramparts of which, a* is well known, a view, perhaps unequalled in Scotland, is obtained. The »eather,though fine, was not particularly favourable, the atmosphere being rather hazy than otherwise, but the deficiency in this respect was amply counterbalanced by the prospect immediately beneath the Castle, and extending towards Falkirk, of field on field of grain, ripening for the sickle, or in some instances already cut down. About four o'clock the part], numbering nearly 30 gentlemen, sat down to ilinntr, in the Scottish Central Railway Hotel, Mr. Robertson, of the Guardian, officiating as chairman, and Mr. Drummond, of the Witness, us croupier.-North Britiih Mail. The New Wesleyan College and Normal Schools at Westminster.-The new Wesleyan Normal School and College in the Horeeferry-road, Westminster, was opened on Saturday, by the Conference. Tbe building is very extensive, containing (ive school- rooms for children, dining-hall, lecture-hall, and 120 dormitories for 60 male and 40 female st nilen Is as teachers and attendants. The schools will accommodate 1000 scholars, and in the playground is a gymnaaium. The building was designed by J. Wilson, Esq., F.R.S., Parliameni-sireet, and built by Messrs. R. and E. Curtis, of Stratford, under the superintendence of Mr. Spicer. The coil is about £30,000. A Yankee Merchant.-My name is Ben -, I live at No.-, Bowery, I do. I keep a dep-po lhere for buckwheat, Hour, apple aasses, eggs, and butler. I do business on my owu hook, I do. I don't keep no clerks at a thousand dollars' a-year to eat up half the profits and steal the rest, I don't. I keep my books on my head and my safe in roy breeches pocket ; sleep on counter o' nights ; and wheo I go out in the morning, aud put on my bat, my hosie is shingled ; and when I've had my breakfast, my family's fed for half a day ; if'taint yoo ean take my hat I-Knickerbocker. Meek?» Magie Crops.-Our own reporter, who paid a visit to Mr. Meehi'« Tiptree Farm, makes the following return :-The burley is io strong in the beard, that not even Meehi himself eau shave it."-P«acA. Sale of the Marquis of Exeter's Property, Strand. On Tuesday Messrs. Driver put up to auction, at the Auction Mart, the valuable freehold properly belonging lo the Marquis of Exeter, called and known as the London Estate, sud which comprised a large number of extensive buildings situate iu Wellington- street Noith, Exeter-street, Catherine street, Burleigh-slreet, Brydges- streel, Strand, and Exefer.pas*ages ; among the spacious edifices being the Lyceum Theatre and Exeter Change, Theie was a full attendance of capitalists, among whom there was a very active competition for the various lots. The estate was stated ' lo produce rents amounting to about 5(1501. per annum, hut of the estimated reniai, when the whole is in possession, I of upwards of 80001. per annum. The aucliuneer said that the property bad been in the possession of the family of the Marquis of Exeter since the year 1(100, when it was first held by Lord Burleigh, treasurer lo Quern Elizabeth. There were 44 lois, which were offered iu one lol, but upon lhul lhere was no bidding, when they were disposed of in separate lois. The day** sale comprised 24 lois, which produced a rental of about 80301. per annum, bul which was of the estimated tom I value of about 40001. nt the expiration of the present leases. "Lot I. ni 310/. per annum rent, weul for 4500Í.; lot S, rent per annum 3331. 12*., disposed of for 6900/.; lot 5, annual reniai 1301., fetched 2680/.; lot 17, rent per annum 70/, went for 1350/., Sec. The day's sale realised about 58,000/. To Destroy Rats and Mice in Äac**.-Take one pound of nilre or saltpetre, and one pound of alum ; dissolve them together in two pints of well water ; gela firlol of bran, and make a mash (hereof, putting in two pinta of the above liquid and mixing up together. When you build a stack, every secood course take a handful or two of the mash and throw upon them till they rome to the caping ; allowing your stacks to stand twenty years, rat* or mice will not come near Hiern A Large Onion Grower-The Eutx Herald taya: -" That Mr. Circuit, a farmer at East Ham, ha* at the present time upwards of 600 people-men. boys, and women- employed in pulling, carting, and peeling onions for pickling, and they will be thus engaged for two months. He pays wage* to the amount of £200 weekly, and the cost of each acre of onions averages £100. This inelude* preparing the ground, seed, weeding, gathering, and peeling. Last year he sowed , neatly a ton of onion teed. The onion* are pulled by .women, by the. rod, and skinned by the gallon. At this scacon lie make* about 1500 different payment* daily, as the people employed receive their money three or/our limes s-dsy." . - . t Discoveries of Butter in Bogs near Ballymena,-'Last week a «UM 11 fdinur, named James Young, residing in the parii.li of Bellaghy, on the estate of John M'Neile, Esq , of Parkmount, dug up out of a bog in uhich he was working a keg of butter in a stale of remarkable preservation. The wood cutnposing Hie keg itself was completely roltrn, whilst the butter-about CO Ib.-was, in taste, colour, and general appearance, as though it hud not been secreted more than a month. Those in the neigh bouihood who have seen the fir kin entertain the belief that ii was hidden during Hie " troublesome limes of '98." A few days previously a fiikin was found in Fenagh Bog, about four miles from Ballymena, on Hie estate of the Earl of Mount- cashell. The possessor of it is a farmer named Moses Paul, who discovered ita few inolip» under the surface of a section of the bog which had been under cutting for several years. In this case the buller was quite greyish in appearance, mid fusty in taste and smell. It had evidently been under- ground for n great number of years. The fiikin, loo, is liol ut all like those in ordinary «He. It seems to hate been formed of ociers, cemented on the outside, and is in shape somewhat like the old Roman amphora. This, we understood, is the third or fourth firkin of n similar description »bich has been found in the F» nagh Bog. A Formidable Undertaking.-An arden! social re- former, writing lo the Scotch Reformers' Gazette, purposes lu " pul down the unveracities and anni- hilate (so lo speak) Hie vmealitiet." Ossian'a bghl ing wilb ghosts was a joke to ibis. A Seen» at Newcastle Assîtes-Almost immediately after the jury had retired in a case of murder, an occur- rence ot u very unusual nature took place, which excited no small stir in the court, and which will pro- bably be brought under the attention of 4ie Government. Mr. Justice Wightman, being desirous of consulting I Air. Justice Cresswell on a point connected with the trial, lound that the door leading-into a room which formed the communication between the two courts was locked, and ordered it to be opened. After some delay, Sir Charles Monk, followed by two or three county gentlemen, entered the court, and said that the justices of the peace were sitting in the grand jury room, and , that they could not have the door opened. His Lord ship, he observed, was trying town prisoners; and, although by Act of Parliament the judges were em- powered to adjourn to the county, the statute did not assign any particular place, and tile judges might have u public-house assigned to them. Mr. Justice Wightman said that, being one of the judges of assure for the county of Northumberland, a« well as for the town and county of Newcastle, be proposed to have the door opened to communicate. with Mr. Justice Creswell. Sir Charles Monk declared that they would not have Hie door opened. Air. Justice Wightman declared that he would have the door opened, and reminding Sir Charles Monk, that he, if he opposed him, would oppose him al his peril, ordered the high sheriff of the town of Newcastle to force open the door. Sir Charles Monk said thal the room could not he made a lobby ; mid told his lordship that he might pass out tlnough the ordinary avenues to the court, then crowded to excess. After some furtfur most unseemly opposition to the judge, which elicited murmurs from the crowd, the shei iff made a passage, and his lordship went into the room, and remained for some time in consultation with Mr. Justice Cresswell. The Order of the Bath -The government, it in rumoured, have resolved on giving the Military Order of tile Bath to distinguished military and naval surgeons. The most eminent military and naval surgeons have, with a feeling which does them great honour, refused to receive the civil decoration of tile Bath-Lane*. Hops from Nrw South ll'alen -The vessel which has arrived in the docks fiom Sidney, New South Wide«, has brought a parcel of hops, consigned as part of her cargo. This is the first iiiMmico of nu importa- tion of (Ins article of merchandise from this far-distant quintet of the globe, Und the III rival is of some interest und importance. N*io Claimant to the Dukedom of Devonshire. We nru informed thal proceedings at law have been commenced hy a gentleman named Souter against the -DuJca of Dorunnfilrv, I ti o uhjeot of willeri IlTtO «how the invalidity of the tille of his grace cither to the title or the estates of the illustrious family of Cavendish. Air. Souter rests his claim upon his descent from n Lady Maiy Cavendish, who married in the year^ 1774, James Souter, Esq , of Whitehaven ;. and he maintains thal the piesenl duke and his cousin Mud heir pre- sumptive, the Earl of Burlington, have no claim whatever to their present position. This is the second action which has been brought by distant branches of the Cavendish family, the first having been com- menced in 1848 by a person named Hudson, who ha«, »ince the appearance of the latter claimant, whhdiuwn from tlie contest.-Newcastle Chronicle. A Modern Mazeppa.-Gn Friday afternoon the following ludicrous occurrence, illustrative of a method of punishment practised by Cambrian drovers, took place on the road leading from Barnet to St. Alban's. On Wednesday a Welch horse-dealer was fleeced of five sovereigns and some silver by a gang of thimble riggers, The Welshman told his mates, who vowed to take summary vengeance- on the delinquents. Yesterday the Welshmen were wending their « ay with their unsold stock to Hollyhush Fair, and had just cleared Hie town, when a school of the swindlers were observed plying their avocations A sort of council was held, and it was determined lo seize upon and mount them on the unbroke animals. The mode of driving hones adopted by Welsh drovers diifeis materially from that pursued by Englishmen, inasmuch a» the Welsh burses run as free as on their own mountain wilds, with a few of the driver» mounted and armed willi long thonged whips to keep the herd in some »ort of subjection. Notwithstanding the efforts of the drovers, the gang, with the exception of the person who woiked the pea and thimble, effected their escape ; him, however, the drover» succeeded in captuting, and, instantly mounting bim on one of Hie ponies, fastened his legs, so that he could neither dismount nor be thrown off; the diove was then put in motion at a quick uneven gallop, peculiar to the mountain breed, amidst the shouts and jells of the drivers, who at imervals,give the culprit sundry lashes with their long whips, not did they'desist uutH the drove readied South Mims (n distance of four miles), where Hip prisoner was released, thoroughly galled, chafed, and hack «oro, lo return lo his companions in iniquity. A'ew Mode of Advertising.-The inventive genius of the advertisers has adopted a rather novel and amusing mode of bringing their wares before public notice. Yesterday morning, n dog, covercd'over willi advertising placards, perambulated the Strand and Fleet street, nttrnciing particular notice, and exciting much amusement. Tim quadruped appeared to lie fully conscious of the importance of his office, and matched ulong the »trect with great dignity mid gravity. Bo'cMule Saving»' Bank-The Right Hon. Fox Maule, Secretary ut War, has given orders that ali tillite pensioners who bad deposits in the Modulate Savings' Bank shall have their dividends made up to twenty shillings in the pound. Free Public Library in Liverpool. - On Wednesday, the Town Council of Liverpool, by a majority of 30 to 11, resolved upon the establishment of a fiee public library. The proprietors of tim Hoya) Institution in Colquitt street, in that town, have agreed to hand over for Hie purposp, without any pecuniary consideration whatever, their library, museum, and gallery of arts, with the sole stipulation tltat these shall be kept in their usual state of efficiency. Extensive Forgery.'- Information has been com- municated to the authorities in Glasgow of on extensive foigery committed ou the fiim of Abraham Crocker and Co., tea and sugar merchants, London, by Mr. Callum, commission merchant, Paisley.road, i Glasgow. The accused party has disappeared. Ile was last seen in London on the 17th of August, and, as far as can be conjectured, it is not unlikely that ho has gone across the Atlantic, by the steamer which left Liverpool about that time It is supposed that,he has with bim not less than £1000, forgeries of bills of exchange in the name of the firm on two of their customers lo the amount of ¿£875 having ulready been discovered, besides other sums in which he was behind with the finn. Entomological Society -The usual monthly meeting of this society «as held last Monday evening; J. F. Stephen», Esq. Vice-President, in the chair. lAlr. Shepherd exhibited specimens of Bhodaria tanguinalis, taken at New Brighton, by Air. Gregson ; also some black varieties of Elaehista Linnaella. Mr. S. Stephens exhibited a pair of the very rare Popilio QrnMoptera Priumu», tram Richmond Uiver, New Holland. Mr. Douglas exhibited specimens of Odontia dental!», found on Echium vulgäre, at Folkestone ; und several oilier Lepiiloptera. Air.' White read a note on a specimen of Monahammut tutor which bad bored through a leaden pipe that happened to oppose its exit from the wood In which it had passed it* larra and pupa states ; ho also exhibited a »mall but most interesting collection of Indian insects received from Air*. Hamilton. Nova Motive.-At the Polytechnic Institution ia a ?new mode of propulsion now being demonstrated, which, under this tille, conslsts'of a series of carriages travelling along with their own motor, in the form of a tube, which is flexible and air-tight. This tube has a serle* of side valves, entirely under the care of a guard, who, by levers,, has perfect control over his train. The application is very ingenious, and is the invention ot a mechanic. Along the whole line of railway is laid a pipe of any given diameter, in connection with which a series of pistons are fixed between the rails intended to receive the tube above-mentioned in its passage. In these pistons are atmospheric valves opening into the fixed pipe, which Is always kept exhausted, so that, when the train passes over the pistons the side valve* in the tube are opened by means of inclined planes com- municating with other levers, which levers are raised up on the train passing. The atmosphero existing in the tube consequently rushes from the tube to supply the vacuum, and the train is impelled by external atmospheric pressure. The inventor, Mr. Weston, with several other practical mechanics, formed Into a society, called the Inventors' Protection Society, has executed the illustration of a system by which the inventor states great saving may be accomplished. The Garden of the Luxembourg-Le Jardin de Lux- embourg is about to change its name for the appellation "Jardin ou Galerre des femme celebres de France. All the statues of antiquity ns they moulder away ure re- placed by fine statues of white marble representing the most celebrated women ot France. Diana is replaced by St. Geneviève, a nymph by Clotilde ; Pan by Clé- mence Isaux, the founder of floral games or ploys ; Hercules by Jean Hachette, the heroine of Beauvais ; Vellcda by Madame Muntpensier ; the Queen Catha- rine de Medici* and Morsa de Medici have found places ; the former built the palace of the Luxembourg. Anne of Austria, Anne de Bretagne, Blanche de Castille, and others, have also mounted their pedestals, and the four remaining statues wanting will be taken from ibe Louvre. The statues reposing on pedestals of hard stone will not be so liable, to »ear away as the others did. 