%itev&tuvt-; REVIEWS. RISE, PROGRESS, AND RESULTS OF PUSEYISM. Lectures on certain .Difficulties felt by Ang licans submitting to the Catholic Church. By John Henry Newman, Priest of the Oratory of St. Phillip Neri. Burns and Lambert. (From the Rambler. ) In three brief years, as we have seen, the Tractarian movement attained a vigorous youth. Starling with undoubted faith in the Established Church, and without a suspicion of the real tendency of its prin ciples, it spent its early years in developing what it conceived to be the bona fide spirit of Anglicanism. For these tiiree years its progress was precisely that of tne first epochs in man's natural existence. It was maturing and educating its powers, rather than using them in the realities of actual life. Its passing thoughts were a romance, a dream of future achievements, based on an undoubted and loving confidence in the friends of its infancy and childhood, and a belief that in all the wide world around there was no place like its own home. But this life of our is not all childhood and boyhood. Whatever be the busines of manhood, it is not that which was dreamed by our young imaginations. The powers that we have sharpened in our early con ventional struggles are speedily called to hard and painful toils, unhoped for and un anticipated. And such was the rapid issue of what all out cf Oxford called Puseyism. Three summers and winters brought it almost in the very presence of the Catholic Church ; and the energies which its fol lowers thought to devote solely to the de struction of Ultra-Protestantisro, and to the development of the mystic life of Angli canism, were summoned to do battle against the terrible array of the hosts of Rome, and to wage a secret warfare against all anthority in the Establishment itself. And the remarkable though verv natural circumstance in this change was this, that it was the agitators' own work that the con troversy with Rome became so urgent. Ca tholic controversialists as yet meddled with them not, or hardly at all. They were borne along on the tide of their own illun derstood principles, Ultra-Protestantism, indeed, imputed a secret Romanising to them from the very first ; and so far they were forced upon Anti-Catholic demonstrations in self-defence. But scorning, as they did, their petty assailants from the Evangelical and Establishoientarian quarters, it was not from fear of Protestants that they began to take up a new ground against the Church of Rome. Within their own inmost souls un wonted yearnings rose. 1 he writings of the Fathers, which they sincerely loved, cherished these aspirations, and suggested ideas which hurried their thoughts onwards into forbidden regions of truth and delight. Prayer, and fasting, and frequent commu nions, and veneration for saints, and the de sire for a practical episcopal superintendence, and the realising . or sacramental principle, could not become habitual subjects of thought without moulding the mind of many a de voted Anglican in the shape which fitted iil into the daily routine of ChurchofEng land formalism. Spite of themselves, their hearts burned within them when they recol leeted the undying powers of Rome. Living truth they saw to be her undeniable heritage, even though overlaid (as they felt confident) with modern corruptions. . To a new phase of duty, therefore, they addressed themselves. We shall watch them steadily persevering in an attempt to appropriate the doctrines, the practices, and the discipline o? Rome, and gradually opening their Protest antism of the Establishment. Meanwhile, foes from every quarter thicken around them, and difficulties multiply. The Bishops disown them ; controversialists expose their weak points ; injudicious friends give need less scandal j ' weakminded' and 'im- patient ' followers straggle Romewards. Fresh efforts, therefore, are made to fortify their ever-moving position. It must be proved possible to be a Catholic in heart and a Protestant in body ; the Church of England must be unprotestantised, and her children must not desert her. And thus the course of Puseyism's manhooc is run, and the accomplishment of her work is at hand. From 1836 to 1841 Catholic doctrines spread and develope to the very verge of She territory of Rome. In 1841 the Tract Ho. 90 is published, and the foundations of the fabric begin to totter. In 1845, Mr. Ward, having defied the enemy to eject him from the border-fortress he has constructed, is bombaded and driven forth into the plains ; and, in the course of the same year, England sees the natural results of the movement, and the columns of the newspapers teem with histories of 'Seces- sions to Rome.'1 Then follows the season of decadence. While many become Ca tholics, many retreat to the pleasant places of Establishmentarianism, many fly to Ger man unbelief, and many redouble their efforts to propagate ' Catholic views ' under the shade of the Thirty-nine Articles. Still old age comes on apace. Dr. Hampden mounts the episcopal bench ; Dr. Stunner ascends the throne of St. Thomas of Can terbury ; Dr. Philpotts is defeated by the Rev. George Cornelius Gorham ; and Pu seyism relapses into second childhood. Such is the strange history which yet remains for us to tell. Early in 1837, then, Mr. Newman took a step of a kind extremely unusual with him, and entered into controversy with one of his most popular opponents. The Chris- tian Observer was, and still is, the monthly magazine of the Evangelical party in the Church of England. It was originally es tablished in the golden days of the Clapham Sect. Wilberforce, Macauley, Thornton, and the other chief votaries of gentlemanly Calvinism, were its founders and chief sup porters. At one time its circulation was very large, and its influence proportionate. In 1837 its editor was the Rev. S. C. Wilks, an Evangelical of the anti-dissent school, a clever but interminable ; ordinarily courteous in his polemics, but fierce in the extreme in anti-tractarian zeal Some person among his subscribers having given him a fresh occasion for dilating at large on Trac tarian iniquities, the editor wound up the ing words : — ' We ask Professor Pusey how, as a conscientious man, he retains any office in a Church which requires him to subscribe all the Thirty-nine Articles, and to acknow ledge as scriptural the doctrine set forth in the Homilies. Will any one of the writers or approvers of the Oxford Tracts venture to say that, he does not really believe all the doctrines of the Articles and Homilies of our Church ? He may construe some of the Offices of the Church after his own manner, but what does he do with the Articles and Homilies? We have often asked this ques tion in private, but could never get an answer. Will any approver of the Oxford Tracts answer it in print ?' The challenge thus given was speedily met ; and the result was a pretty specimen of editorial ' management' as any to which the whole movement gave occasion. Mr. Newman's letters to the magazine cut up the Evangelical system root and branch ; and so far as Tractarianism followed in the real doctrines of the Fathers, they made good the cause they defended. The editor, how- ever, contrived so to print his opponent's communications, and to flood them with such a miry stream of his own remarks, that the profitless discussion was speedily termi nated, and all that resulted was an increase in embittered feelings. Mr. Newman's letters were reprinted in the fourth volume of the Tracts, with the omission (said the advertisement) of one or two ' expressions which were, perhaps, more discourteous towards the magazine than the occasion re- quired." A Tract followed in the course of the same year, which, perhaps more than any publication yet issued, served to arouse the fears, and, what is worse, the suspicions, of many of the cautious and candid "friends' of the movement. A long and elaborate essay from the pen of the Rev. Isaac Williams, of Trinity College, advocated what is called ' Reserve in communicating religious knowledge.' To this tract it would be unfair to deny the praise of much study and thought, while it contained just so much of soundness of principle, and unquestion- able harmony with the words of Scripture and with primitive practice, as to make it seem a positive revelation of forgotten truths in the eyes of admiring disciples of the school. It shews that Almighty God has ever taught that it is right to inculcate different measures of truth on different minds, according to their capacities and vo cations, and their advance in the spiritual life fr^-a doctrine fanrJliar enough to every Catholic, aud accordant to the common iense of all mankind. 'I he wuter then proved briefly that a system of ' economy' was practised by the early Church, under (lie term disciplina arcarti; and he then pro ceeded to his practical conclusion. What this was, it is not easy to ascertain ; and we question whether Mr. Williams himself ever knew distinctly what he meant. He seemed, however, to assert that the doctrine of the Atonement ought not to be brought promi nently forward in public sermons to mixed congregations. In a subsequent Tract he continued tha subject, entered more at length into the statements of the Fathers, and asserted tint the system of ' the Church' is one of reserve. The whole was b singular proof of the utterly unpractical character of tha writer's mind, and of the genera] impotence of Tractarianism to take the great doctrines of primitive Christianity and apply them with living force to the re alities of modern times. The storm of indignation which followed was but natural. The Evangelicals saw their favourite dogma of 'justification by faith only' imperilled more fatally that ever under the plausibilities of a modern discip' lina areani. Sober and serious men were astounded at being told that ' the doctrine of the Atonement might be taught in all its fulness, without being brought out from the context of Holy Scripture into promi nent and explicit mention.' A deep senti ment of suspicion was created in all but de termined Tractarians ; and the undiscrimi nating multitude began to believe that there was some truth in the vulgar tales about Jesuits lurking in disguise in Oxford, and even holding Establishment preferment under the title of Protestant clergymen. 'The hesitating lameness of Mr. Williams's conclusions served but to make his theory more odious ; and the more vague were his assertions, the subtler was the poison thought to be hidden beneath them. From this Tract, indeed, we may date the systematising, as a matter of principle, of that habit of conceal ment which became one of the most in tolerable features of Tractarianism in the eyes of the English world. Fathers and mothers, brothers, and sisters, friends and associates, could not endure the mysterious hints and cautiously unmoved countenances which now began to chill many a fireside, and break the bonds of ancient affection. Henceforth concealment became not only a necessity, but a virtue. Secret Romanising grew easy when it was cloaked under the garb of the ' ceremony :' and the initiated believed themselves the most primitive Christians on earth when they concealed their unpopular practices, and uttered mys terious formularies, intelligible only to those who possessed the key. The alarms thus created were not dispelled by the publication (about this time) of a volume of lectures by Mr. Newman on Ro manism and Popular Protestantism. This work originated in controversial papers which the author had written in 1834 against the Abbe Jager, and which were now sys- tematised and completed from a course of evening lectures delivered in 1836 in Adam de Brome's Chapel, a species of chanty at tached to St. Mary's Church, Oxford. Vigorous, subtle, and learned, they entirely failed in mastering the difficulties of their subject, from the writer's defective know ledge of the facts of Catholicism. Still they betrayed the workings of a mind silently and gladly yielding an everdeepen ing homage to the glorious truths which he conceived that Rome had overlaid with cor ruptions. Of 'Popular Protestantism,' as might be expected, Mr. Newman made short work; and notwithstanding all the 'cursing and swearing,' as Froude called it, with which he uttered his testimony against Rome,, the book was intensely disliked by the Evan gelicals, and viewed with suspicion by the old- fashioned High Churchmen, Clouds now began to gather around the episcopal thrones of the Establishment. The bench was little conciliated by that as cription of supernatural powers to their wder which it had been, the first work of the Maeta to proclaim. A more unwelcome piece of information could scarcely have been offered to a class of men who knew themselves to be the well-paid creatures of a Prime Minister, than this tiding that they were successors to the Apostles, and there fore — as was implied — bound to live an aoostolic life. Here and there a polemical Philpotts, or a gentlemanly and kind-hearted Bagot, or a candid and reflecting Thirwall, might be struck with the tokens of power and vitality which the writings of the new school presented, and might treaties leaders with tenderness, if not with distinction. But on the whole, unmixed dislike took pos session of the episcopal mind, and one by one they proceeded to deliver their testimony, more or less hostile, against the new opinion. After a few ominous drops and uncomfort able gusts, the tempest burst upon the heads of the bewildered ' Apostolicals,' and for seven or eight years the storm of ' Charges' rained on ; and the English nation was as sured by its chief spiritual advisers, that the doctrines of the Tracts were at the least erroneous and exaggerated, if not radically anti-Protestant and abominable. In the year 1842 the tempest was heaviest, when the popular feeling had been wound up to its highest pitch of excitement by the various demonstrations whose chronological succes sion we have not yet reached, and after the publication of the Tract No. 90 had unde ceived the most confiding. A passage in Father Newman's fifth Lecture on Anglican Difficulties paints the amazement of the party thus attacked so brilliantly and and amusingly that we give it entire :-— ' The idea, then, of the so-called Anglo-Catholic divines, was simply and absolutely, submission to an external authority ; to it they appealed, to it they betook themselves ; there they found a haven of rest ; thence they looked out upon the troubled surge of human opinion, and upon the crazy vessels which were labouriog, without chart or compass upon it. Judge then, of their dismay, when, according to tha Arabian tale, on their striking their anchors into the supposed soil, lighting their firos on it, and fix ing in it the poles of their tents, suddenly their island began to move, to heave, to splash, to frisk to and fro, to dive, and at last to swim away, spouting out inhospitable jets of water upon the credulous mariners who had made it their home. And such, I suppose, was the undeniable fact: I mean, the time at length came, when, first of all turning their minds (some of them at least) more carefully to the doctrinal controversies of the early Church, they saw distinctly that in the reasoning of the Fathers, elicited by means of them, and in the decissions of authority, in which they issued were contained the rudiments at least, the anticipations, the justification, of what they had been accustomed to consider the corruption of Rome, And if only one, or a few of them, were visited with this conviction, still one was sufficient, of course, to destroy that cardinal point of their whole system, the objective perspicuity and distinctness of the teaching of the Fathers. But time went on, and there was no mistaking or denying the misfortune which was impending over them. They had reared a goodly house, but their founda tions were falling in. The soil and the masonry were both bad. The Fathers would protect ' Roman ists' as well as extinguish Dissenters. The Anglican divines would misquote the Fathers, and shrink from the very doctors to whom they appealed. The Bishops of the seventeenth century were shy of the Bishops of the fourth ; and the Bishops of the nine teenth century were shy of the Bishops of thr seven teenth. The ecclesiastical courts upheld the sixteenth century against the seventeenth, and, unconscious of the flagrant irregularities of Protestant clergy men, chastised the mild misdemeanours of Acglo Catholics. Soon the living rules of the Establish ment began to move. There are those who, reversing the Roman's maxim, are wont to shrink from the contumacions, and to be valiant towards the submis sive ; and the authorities in question gladly availed themselves of the power conferred on them by the movement against the movement itself. They fear lessly handselled their Apostolic weapons upon the Apostolical party. One after another, in long suc cession, they took up their song and their parable against it. It was a solemn war-dance, which they executed round victims who by their principles were bound hand and foot, and could only eye, with dis gust and perplexity, this mosc unaccountable move ment on the part of their ? holy Fathers, the repre sentatives of the Apostles, and the Angels of the Churches,' It was the beginning of the end.' The same year saw the publication of the first two volumes of Froude's Remains. On the whole, this was perhaps the most unpala table dose which the Tract-writers adminis tered to the Protestant public. Words more subtle may have been uttered, and things more audacious may have been done; but the genuine Protestant palate revolted with its most unconquerable abhorrence from the medicine which Mr. Froude's letters and journals presented to its taste. We have already described their writer's character, and given sufficient extracts from the Re mains to enable our readers to judge of their quality. They are unquestionably a most interesting series of records of the workings of a mind struggling for freedom ; and the mingled wit, gentle feelings, and good sense which they displayed, ensured their perusal in many quarters where not a moment would have been given to dry theological essay. As it was, the Protestant world was literally astounded. Some sneered at Froude's mor tifications, others groaned over his apparent recklessness ; the ' safe ' men shrugged their shoulders at his onslaughts on the Re formers, and marvelled at the zeal with which he sympathised with spiritual resis tance to state tyranny ; while the Evange licals and quasi-Evangelicals pointed to his rare mention of the name of our blessed Lord, or the doctrine of the Attonement, or of our need of tne aid of the Holy Ghost, as indubitable proofs of the Pharisaism of devotees to fasting and believers in baptis mal regeneration. His sermons — which foamed part of the Remains — they scouted as unevangelical moral essays ; his treatise on the Eucharist as Jesuitical quibbling. Still the iufluence of the book was immense. For the first time in its infancy, Tractarian ism spake in thoroughly plain language. There was no longer possibility of mistaking its tendency. It mnst hate the Reforma tion, and the reverence due to abstract episcopacy must merge in opposition to the concrete prelates of Anglicanism. The younger disciples of the movement, hitherto standing in awe of the cautious and sedate aspect with which their leaders for the most part assumed, now revelled in Froude's keen sayings, and, under the shelter of the im primatur of his honoured editors, began to speak out, and to look forward, and to won der when the beginning of the end would really come. On Sunday the 20th of May, a few months after the publication of Froude's Remains, an explosion took place in the University pulpit. Lt was on a small scale ; but as a pistol shot reverberates like the voice of a cannon when magnified bv a multiplied echo, so did Dr. Faussett's sermon on ' The Revival of Popery,' aided by the commen taries it called forth, create a considerable hubbub for some space of time after its de livery. The individual thus brought into temporary notoriety held what is called the ' Margaret Professorship of Divinity' in Oxford, to which he had been elected by certain of the University authorities. He was a person of small abilities, but much in dignation against the Tracts ; and when Froude's Remains appeared, and were largely read, he could contain himself no longer, but delivered his testimony in a long, dull, prejudiced, and blundering discourse. On the publication of the sermon, Mr. New' man almost instantly published a reply. Considering the cause he was defending, and the marvellous rapidity (it appeared within twenty-four hours after the publication of Dr. Faussett's sermon) with which this an swer was prepared, the 'Letter to Dr. Faussett' was a most able piece of contro versy. As an argumentum ad hominem to one who professed to hold firmly to the ' venerated ' Establishment, it was unan swerable; and the delight with which the Tractarians hailed this proof of the prowess of one of their chief captains was propor tionate and exulting. On a subsequent oc casion a further and more entertaining but less powerful response to Dr, Faussett's at tacks was sent forth by the British Critic, which about this time became the quarterly organ of the movement, and whose demon strations in the Antiprotestant line hence forwarded excited no small stir in the eccle siastical world of Protestantism. The re vjewer — who was Mr. Newman — castigated the Professor with a severity ouly equalled by the gusto with which he laid on the lash. Every body read the article ; many 6hook their heads at its somewhat unscrupulous personality, but few could resist a smile ; and the poor Professor was laughed at even by his own friends. While the conflict thus thickened within the shades of Oxford, no little disturbance was raised by another small sermon preached in the presence of loyalty, faraway from the academic groves. Dr. Hook, whom an un discriminating public fir some time classed with the genuine Oxford, being appointed Chaplain in Ordinary to Q,ueen Victoria, de livered in the chapel at St. James's Palace a discourse, which was printed, and ran in an inconceivable short space to some twenty or thiirty editions. ' Hear the Church,' was its text and title ; 'the Church,' accord .ng to Dr. Hook, meaning the English Es ablishment, and all Dissenters, therefore, j leing heretics an^ i nners. The sermon i oas shallow enough, and no better than Dr. look's usual commonplaces. Still it had ill its characteristic impudence of assertion, md that coolness of hypothesis and plausi- j -ility of statement which still,- we believe, j nake some persons esteem the Doctor as an i itninent theologian. ' Hear the Church,' j lowever, had been literally preached before ! he Queen, i.e., the head of the Church, j tnd she had not remonstrated ; nay, gossip I isserted that she was moved, if not con- j rinced. All tne worli, therefore, bought ; he sermon, as all the world recently bought i Dr. Philpott's letter to the Archbishop of j Canterbury. Its delivery became a great i 'act for newspaper critics ; and the more I sanguine and unreflecting Puseyites trusted j ;hat henceforth ' Church principles' would j prevail in the Church, through the pa- : tronage of its supreme head. j The last work of the movement which \ gained public notoriety during the year 1838 \ was another University sermon. On the 5th \ of November, Dr. Puaey preached an expo- | sition of the High-Church theory of passive : obedience to the civil power, with reflections \ on the massacre of St. Bartholmew, which | he attributed to the Catholic Church, and on \ the iniquities of the English Revolution of ! 1688\. In those days Dr. Pusey's sermons j were always great events, and frequently | enunciated some new point, not yet fully j enforced. The 5th of November sermon j accordingly attracted general attention ; and ! the Edinburgh Review, which now began to ? take op the subject of Tractarianism with ) no little ability and illfWjll, vouchsafed it a j rejoinder in language more temperate than ; it was wont to employ. At this period ! Puseyism in general was Tory to the heart's ' core. The royal supremacy had not yet lain | a finger on its advance. The Jerusalem ? bishopric and the Gorham case were yet in j the womb of time ; and it was only such j keen-eyed men as Froude who instinctively j felt that the Church of England has not ; merely a Pope in the temporal sovereign, but a Pope more despotic than any spiritual successor of St. Peter. The party, were, for the most part, haters of democracy in every shape ; and if they could not fall down and worship the head of the Church in the person of a young lady a little more than twenty years old, they satisfied their con- \ sciences by a canonisation of King Charles, and by a reverent honour paid to the very name of George the Third. Dr. Pusey's 5th of November sermon, accordingly was received as a fresh decision of doctrine. Whigs replied, Radicals laughed, Conserva tives thought he was going too far; but youthful Oxford was edified, and even the Dons almost conciliated. {To be continued in our next.) 