OPINIONS AT HOME RESPECTING THE SOCIETY FOR THE PRbPAGATIUtN OF THE GOSPEL. -A' correspondent has sent the foll~oing for publication: Though the Societyfor the Propdgation o.f it Gospel is not a body that courts publicity, or that recognises public responsibility, it is nevertheless very natural and very proper thit once in fifty years at least it should give some acebunt of itself and its doings. Its affairs are, subbtantially, managed by the high church bishops; abd by, churchmen higher' in views than even they sYe ; as Mr. Ernest Hawkins, Mr. Justice bole'ridge, Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Hubbard, and Archdeacon Hale-men of high character, pure lives, kreat ability, and much social inflsence; but no0torionsly attached to, and actively engaged in promoting 'those claims for the Church of England whlch, ib the estimation of, as we believe, a majority of its members, interfere between it and "thb gOpel it was Instituted to propagate. One thing suggestive the bnke of Newcantre let out; " the society has," said his grace, "an income of £16,000 a.year besides £20,000 for special objects? 'This enormous revenue it prin cipally spends in the colonies; in planting Wvhat Lord Harrowhy 'With mote grandiloquence 'than accuracy, called " independent episcopal borm munities," and In sending ont bishops:to super Intend them. Well, then, is the Church of Eng land spreading and extending itself in the colonies ? Does that Church, thus largely and liberally. assisted, make commensunrate progress in outr transmarine possessions! bDoes it, with this £65,d00 a'year, and with this society and its episcopal and aristocratic supporters at its back, far outstrip all other religious sects in the colonies its success, in humbers, in Influence, and in hold of popular feelings and affections? This, we take it, is the test by wiclh ,to try the society and the colonial churches it supports. Now, it is notorious that in our colonies the Church of England has had little snccess- has made small way; that ih importance, in useful ness, and lin popularity, various of what it would call dissenting sects have, even ill their poverty, important advantages over the church; that it is the form of Divine worship adopted in every co lony by a small minority; and that, were we to lose Britlish North America and the Australias, as we did the United States, We should then have episcopacy at a great discount-a sickly Infant itn awaddling clothes. Colonial society is essentially democbstie, al most republican, in Its tendencies; the uses of adversity in the colonieb everywhere develop self- reliance, and throw men on the exercises of their own' kni'lt its 'and' jiOdement. Of all thinpga then, erleeslastlcal' ?retensions are most unsulited to gaisn converts auid sunplporters. in the colonies, 'et everywllere the society's adherents-itselergy, missionaries, nd: bishops-pnt'fortll those preten. sionls in thle most offensive shape; in every colony tiley claim torounstitute the churchl'; treat the-ministers of other churches as. Mr. lRichards dones Merle b'Anhligne at hombe-" mere lsimen ;" rdfsiie co-operation, fellowship, and ihtercolirse with oilier Orthodox thriatianas; and'affect soilal superiority quite' as repulsive as their ecclesinastial pride. No l'hif hoster'Sermo. 'PFolfeassor John. stone's " Nbtes oin 'North'Am rleaii" are 'perhaps the latest work"(ertainly of'valtie)'oh'any'colon ; and'suech Is very much the aceonnt' he ives of thle iOhurch'of England In New Brundwick; there.it ha`tulle active support of the 'SOciety'for' the Pro. pagatibn'of the Gospel, and to thnt'support ,it is that he chiefly attributes its want of'power and inflnence. 'he tishops of London.apd.sOxford onght, thIerefore, to h'le 'careful iot to blow the trump?t of :tlis"society 'too load ;'~for' nIeh noise may' attract serobns attention, 'to it; an?d 'may dimimnish its "income of 65,0001. a"-ear, b'ide' a special fund of 2;oo00l."--Daily News. I'hhat the -Propagation Society have botbe en lightened 'and 'rbeavenly-lnstrpected' missionaries' we verily helieve. M~enu these, who have not only been bors' ouitwardly by water in baptism, list who have ,been born Inwardly by th'e Holy Ghost-each men alone truly knowing the gospel, iunder the teaching of the Divine Spirit, and there fore alone qualified to impart a knowledge of it, in its bivine essenee and new creative power, to their fellow mei. 'A few senli men, we say, know ing and loving evangelic truth, We believe this society possesse as as missionaries, atid in them they. possess a rich treasure. fot the generality of their missionaries we believe to be men of another stamp, men of the order" and pree'eptlons of those who take'the chief lead' In the society; who may tolerate men of evangellcal principles better than the Bishop of Exeter, but who do not love them, -who may be courteons to them, but who do not advance themr-who regard redahot 'Tractarians as one extreme, and evangelical men as the oilither, and search out 'those for missionary and all other ecclesiastical work Whom they designate as of "no extreme opinions" such having often. the least true principle and being the most useless of all. ' -From steh missiona-les, as well as missionaries of'Tractarian principles, msay God 'deliver his 'Church thlley' cannot tehll what th?ey:do not know. We recently brought under the review of our readers the style and tone of the religious itistruction rgiven 'by the bishop and clergy in general in Canada West, Whbo are 'greatlyusop ported by this society, and whalt could be more mtelasicholy than the 'spectacle I The poor emi grants are seeking bread, the bread of heaven; and they get instead of it the husks of ceremonial observances' and precise rituails. We havejjno doubt the bishop and hisclterical coadjutors thin k Sit is thlie oipel 'they administer, butt it is not so. They Seean well, but they act ill. They think they are-giving bread,' but it is merely a stone. ,And hence theochurch is scnealculably weakened by most of those who have any spiritual discernment going off to the Wesleyans, Preshyteriansa,or Baptists, whete' ihe fundamnentail and saving truths of the gospel are preached, as Christ designed them to be" preached, by 'flten Who know and love the truth. " Suchi'heing our opinion of tihe generality of the workmen of the Propagation Society, we cannot Yecommend 'it to, the anpport of our readers. Record (Church of Engldnd Paper).. 