EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. We resume our summary of European intelligence to the latter end of July, re ceived by the Blenheim: The Eastern Counties Herald announces that the Rev. F. S. Barif, B.A.. clergyman of the Church of England, had conformed to the Roman-Catholic Church. The Earl of Sefton has been appointed Lord Lieutenant of Lancaster, vice the late Earl of Derby : the vacant garter would be conferred upon Earl Fitzwilliam; the Rev. A. P. Stanley was appointed to the vacant stall in the cathedral of Coventry. The Times, 14th Jaly, reports that the receipts of the Great Exhibition upon the previous Satur day were £1,580, and the anumber of visitors 11,181. The Globe states that it was likely the vacancy caused ins the Florence Embassy, by the death of Mr. Shiel, would not he filled up. After a long and animated debate, the House of Peers, on Thursday, 17th of July, for the fifth time. rejected the Government Bilt for the admission of the Jews Into Parliament. The division showed a majority of 36 against the bill, the majority being 22 among the Peers present in the House, and 14 among the proxies. The bill is consequently lost for the present session. In spite of this decision Dlr. Alder. man Snlamons last night redeemed the pledge which he gave to the electors of Greenwich, by presenting himself at the table of the Commosss, and taking his seat, after having taken the oanths down to the words on " the true faith of a Christian." The Speaker deciared that no member could take his seat unless he took the onths in their entirety. and ordered Mr. Salomnons to withdraw. Sir F. Ihesiger then moved that as new writ be issued for Greenwich, but ultimately withdrew the motion, at the request of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who suggested that no further proceedings should take place until Monday. when Lord John Russell will state the course which the Government will pursue on the subject. The Comptrollership of the Queen's Househiod, vacant by the death of the Hon. William Lascelles, has been given to the Earlof Mulgrave. It was expected that Parliament would be pro rougued by the Queen in person about the 12th or 14th of August. The Harwich election committee have reported that at the last election the poll was closed before 4 o'clock; that the proceedings of the said electiont were interrupted and obstructed by violence; that in consequence of such interruption an elector for the borough tendered his vote and was preventing from recording the same ; that the returning.officer should not have finally closed the poll; and that the last election of Mr. Crawford isa void election. At the annual commemoration of founders at Ox ford, which was held on the 3rd July, the honorary degree of Doctor in Civil Law was conferred'on the tigtt Rev Dr. Ewing, Bishop of Argyle and the Isles, Sir William Page Wood, Solicitur- General and Di P. for the city of Oxford. Sir' Benjamin Collins Blrodie, Bart., Lieutenant-Colonel Chesney, It. A.,of the Euphrates expedition; and the Ven. W. Williams, Archdeacon of Waiapu, in New Zealand. The 12th Lancers and the 2ndebatt. of the 60th Rifles'have embarked for the Cape of Good Hope, and the bast Light infantry, at present serving in the Madras presidency, are ordered to embark for ,the same destinsation. T he officers of the 12th Lancers have been equipped with American revolver pistols, as ana experiment, while the men have double-bar relled carbines. Lord Palmerston elicited the cordial congratula. tions of both sides of the house by the Important announcement that the slave trade may now be considered as suppressed on the coast of Africa, and that it has almost totally disappeared as a trade In Brazil, in consequence of the energy and good faith of the Brazilian Government. The Law of Evidence Bill passed through Committee, after the introduction of an amendment permitting the examination of married women ins cases in which their husbands are interested, such privilege, however, not extending to criminal cases. Several cases containing some additional anti quities from Ninevuh, arrived at the British Museum Iros Liverpool, and Mr. Layard and Colonel Itaw liason, assisted by the officers of the antiquity de. partment, were occupied in unpacking them. A great variety of new and interesting objects have been brought to light, chiefly connected with the domestic economy and customs of the ancient Assyrians. The Bishop of Durham has subscribed £16 to. wards an independent chapel In Newcastle-on-Tyne, stating that, although with ample means at his disposal, he can scarcely satisfy the demands of his owes church and people, yet he has never forgotten that all Christians are brethren, and that, however they may differ as to the meaning of Scripture upon some points of doctrine or discipline, very few Protestants fail to Inculcate what is essential in Christianity. His lordship adds, "I am painfully aware of the spiritual destitution of Newcastle, of its -increasing population, and of the pains which have been taken to disseminate infidelity and social- ism; I cannot therefore feel justified its resisting your appeal on behalf of a more spacious and com modious place of worship, and especially for a larger establishment of schools In the principles of revealed religion." After the lapse of 100 years, the gammon of bacon has been claimed by a couple an good cir cumstances, as farmers, at Felsted. Essex, named Hurrell, bnt, failing to obtain it from the lord of the manor, the inhabitants of Dusnmow have pro cured one by asbscription, which will be presented to them, on their taking the usual oaths, at Broom hills, near this town, on Wednesday, the 16th July. The couple will drive to the ground, escorted by a band of music, in their own carriage and horses. A large number of persons are expected to witness the ceremony. Another party of emigrants for Hobart-Town, sent out under the auspices of Dlr. Sydney Herbert's Female Emigration Society, left Blackwell last week, to join the vessel destined to carry them out at Gravesend. They were 43 In number, most of them young girls, selected from among the classes the Society professes to assist) principally needle woman and slopworkers. A meeting was held at the Hanover-square Rooms to consider a proposal to erect and endow a college for distressed members of the medical profession or their widows, and a school for the education and maintenance of their sots. Earl Manners took the chair, and was supported by Sir Robert Inglis, Sir Thomas Phillips, the BIishops of London, Durham, Ripon, and St. Asaph, Mr. Cabbell, Mlr. Freshfield A1. P., and numerous members of the profession. Mr. Propert explained at some length the nature of the proposition, and stated that Dr. Graham, of Epsom, had generously offered to place at the dis posal of the council an admirable site, of 20 acres, situated in the healthiest part of Surrey, whiich lte offered at a moderate rent during the lives of himself and Mrs. Graham, and which, at their disease, was to become the property of the society. The funds already contributed. though no public appeal has yet been made, amounts to nearly £2000, and he at tached nearly as much value to the plot of ground which they obtained from Dr Graham. Earl Man vers accepted the office, as president. 51l. iDaguerre, the famous fixer of images of the camera obacura, died suddetnly ao 11th July, at the age of 62. In pursuance of Iler Majesty'spleashre, Admiral the -Right Hon. Sir George Cockburn. has been promoted to be one of the Admirals of the Fleet. By the death of Admiral Cochet andof Vice-Admi. raI Sir Charles Malcolm, Admiral Glynn has been promoted to be Admiral of the Red, Admiral Sir Thomas Livingstone, hnrt., to be Admiral of the White; Vice-Admiral MiKinley to be Admiral of the Blue ; Vice-Admiral the Hon. George Elliott, to be Vice- dmiral of the Red; Vice Admiral Sir Francis Mason, and Vice Admiral Thomas Brown to be Vice-Admirals of the White l iRenr Admiral the Hon. Sir Anthony Maitland and Iear-Admi ral the Hon. Granville Leveson Proby to be Vice. Admirals of the Bilue Rear-Admiral the Hon. William Gordon and Renr-Admiral Hornby to be itear-Admirals of the lied; Rtear-Admiral Carroll and Rear-Admiral Sir Andrew Pellet Green to be Rear-Admirals of the White I Captain Houston Stewart and Captain Arthur Fanshawe to be Rear Admiralisof the Blue. The following retired Cap tains have niso been promoted to the rank of retired Rear-Adntral, but without increase of pay ; Cap tains A. P. Hamilton, D. Lawrenceit. 1,H. Rogers, 0\. Bentham, J. A. Murray. T. Renwick, H. Hig man, G. Htewson. J. M. Ferguson, J. Gourley, A. Baldwin, and H. C. Deacon. Sir D. Norreys, by a motion respecting the inte rior decorations of the new House of Commons brought forward in a spirit friendly to Mr. Barry, induced a long discussion on the cost and disap pulontments of the Palace at' Westminster, and called forthaan ansnouncement from the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that there would be otne or two sittings in the sew chamber this session, lo obtain a prac tical knowledge of its qualities. The first ascent of a locomotive up a gradient of 1.40 was made on the 8th inst by theengine, Save.on the new Austrian railway which passes over the Sem mering Mountain. The Engine was of the eight. wheeled description. used on the Southern Austrian Railway. The etigino 'drew up on eight-wheeled loaded truck at the late of 14 English miles an hour and was stopped several tloes, resuming its journey at the will of the driver. The third reading of the Ecclesiastical 'Titles Bill was marked by some remarkable incidents, among which the double defeat of the government would hold a prominent place but for-the two sub sequent defeats which -they sustained afterwards. The discussion was commenced by Lord John Russell's motion for the reversal of Sir F. Thesiger's amendments; the first of which made it penal to procure bulls or rescripts from Rome, while the second allowed common informers to sue for penal ties; Lord John Russell's motion for expunging the first of these amendments was negatived by a majority of 79, the numbers being 208 to 129; and his motion for expunging the second was negatived by a majority of 61, the numbers bolng 175 to 124. The quarterly returns of the Revenue, although showing a decrease both on the year and quarter, ore generally accepted as satisfactory, considering the reductions which have been made in tite duties on timber and sugar and in other former sources of revenue. Notwithstanding these reductions, the decrease on the ordinary revenue for the year is only £306,777, andonly£34,417forthequarter, a decrease which falls chiefly on the customs, the assessed taxes, the stamps, the property tax, and the crown lands; while the increase is in the excise and the post.office. The decrease in the property tax, hitherts regarded as the tax which gave one of the best indications of the national prosperity, is regarded as a significant proof either that thp public generally evade its bur dens as unjust aind oppressive, or that large classes are earning less than heretofore. The post-office increase is considerable, and is no doubt attributable to the Increased bosiness caused by the Great Exhi bition. On the 3rd June, M. Labadie, a wholesale wine dealer of Bercy, went to the Bains de is Samaritaine, on the river at the foot of the font-Neuf, to take a vapour bath, as prescribed by his physician, It wag the first bath of that kind he had ever taken, and the man charged with the preparation of it neglected to attend him. The unfortunate man opened the valve by which the vapour entered, but was unable to close it. The consequence was that the steam rushed in with extraordinary violence, and in a short time he was completely suf'ocated. When touched the skin came off, and he'was, to use the expression of a witness, "quite boiled." His widow brought a com plaint before the Tribunal of Correctional Police against the waitor of the baths, a man named -1ortimer; and as it clearly appeared that the ac cident had been caused by his gross negligence, he was condemned to eight days' imprisonment and to the payment of lO,000f.as damages. His employer, M. Javal, was declared civilly responsible for the payment. The following remarkable phenomenon was wit ceased by a farmer in the neighborhood of Hawick. Walking over a hill on his-farm early on the morn ing of the 13th of May last, his attention was arrested by a light cloud of pale mitt of remarkable form, being perfectly circular, slowly uprising from the neighboring valley. The sun was shining brightly around hilm from the other side, and, as the cloud gradually floated up, still retaining its form, which was very like that of the halo often observed round the moon, he found it present an inner circle, much smaller but well defined, and containing, as in a frame, a human figure of most colossal proportions. He saluted the spectre with a bow, which was returned by the airy phantom with the utmost promptitude. He titer, walked away for a little, on returning, found the shadow still visible, which continued to bow and otherwise imitate every motion he made, thus proving it to be a reflection of his own form in the cloud. Phis apparition Is identical itt appearance and cause with the famous "Spectre of the Brocken," with perhaps the additional beauty of the enclosing circles, whichwe nowhere find recorded in the accounts of the German travellers. Ofcourse, owing to the great difference its altitude, and the vast extent of that reflecting surface of Harsiatt mist, it will be deficient in magnitude to our Ger manic ghost. Another long and interesting debate took place in the Lords on Lord Redesdale's motion for a copy of a petition praying for the revival of Convocation. the object of the motion being not to decide the question of its revival, but simply to raise a general discussion on the subject. Lord Redeadale advo cated, at some length, the policy of restoring the synodical action of the Church, as the only means of preserving her peace, and healing the differences of her extreme parties. In this view he was fol lowed by Lord Lyttleton, the Archbishop of Dublin, and by the Bishops of Londons and Oxford, while the Arcthbishop of Canterbury and Lord Lantdowtt contended that the revival of Convocation weeld lead to universal discord, instead of union and peace. After this discussion, the motion was agreed to without opposition. Lord Brougham presented to the House of Lords a petition from Mr. Paxton, praying that means should be taken to preserve the Industrial Exhibition building, which thecommissioners now stood pledged to remove at a certain period. The noble lord sup* ported the prayer of the petitioner, and enlarged upon the beauty and utility of the Crystal Palace, of which ate added that he had himself been always u warm admirer, although at first he had objected to its erection in Hyde-park. On the following evening Lord Campbell presgnted some petitions ipraying for the removal of the Crystal Paiace, and supported them by some observations respecting the propriety of keeping the promise made to that ehfect at the beginning, the insalubrity of the edifice if employed as a winter garden. and its inutility for any other purpose. 