DISCOURSE DELIVERED BEFORE THE ANTI-DUELLING SOCIETY OF CHARLESTON. 8. C BY THE RIGHT REV. DR. JOHN ENGLAND, BISHOP OP CHARLESTON. Governments thus vested with power by God Mid by the people, by the Creator and by the creature, have regalnted the great principles of social order by the light of rea son, perhaps, aided by the revelation of Him from whom reason emanates ; and one of their first principles is, that the unsettled differences of individuals shall be adjusted, not by the passions of the disputants or their friprrJs V-nf: hv flm fi-iHnnnl r\f flip nafinn Were the power of inflicting death for of fences taken from the impartial tribunals and vestedin the interested individuals, what a scene of desolation would this world of ours present ? How would injury excite re venge, and revenge produce retaliation ? The sweet charities of life would be driven from our solace, and ruffian violence would stalk forth crushing as he proceeded in his hoi rid triumph. Where should wo find the abode of virtue, the asylum of innocence, the safeguard of youth, or the protection of age ? Is the duellist to be their bulwark ? Or shall the unblushing transgressor of the first principle of social order presume to offer his offensive and unholy aid to sustain the sanc tions of that lav? whose very sanctity he lias disregarded ? He has hurled down the judge, profaned the bench, insulted the legislature, usurped the high prerogative of Heaven, and stood in open conflict with the Eternal ; and this unprincipled man, with honour on his lips and transgression in his acts, dares to say that in the indulgence of the malignant spirit of his revenge is to be found the salvation of good order ! ! No ! If we were to reduce this principle to prac tice, every man would stand armed against bis brother, and in one century the genera tion of Adaati would be extinguished by the fall of the last murderer upon the decaying limbs of his last victim, whilst the good angels would look down with horror and pity upon that spot over which demons ex ulted. The providence of Heaven to prevent this evil, has decreed that in the wildest horde whicb roves through our forests there should exist Bome semblance of a tribunal by which human life is saved from the ma lignity of human passion, iVJan, then, has not power over his own life ; society does not derive from individuals its power of taking away life ; although no injury should result to others from the death of an isolated man ; still he will be himself a criminal if he procures it ; nor has he a right to concede to another what is not per mitted to himself, much less is he justified in b. depriving another human being of life ; neither can he plead that he did it with the consent of him whom he slew ; such con sent is a mockery; it is a grant of what could not be given j it is the assumption of what, could not be taken ; it is an immoral and irreligious usurpation of the prerogative of the Deity, who is the sole arbiter of life and death. What then shall we say of \ those who add to this crime the horrors of \ multiplied injustice and the laceration of \ feelings ; who inflict protracted and unutter \ able agony upon an innocent and , im poverished family ? Unfortunate delinquent do you not see by how many links your vic tim was bound to a multitude of others ? Does his vain and idle resignation of his title to life absolve you from the enormous claims which society has upon you for his services, his family for that support of which you have robbed them, without your own enrichment ; his tottering parent for their consolation, perhaps for the supply of their wants, and the helpless and indigent for that bread by which he sustained them ? Who will give professions to his sons, who will cherish and protect his daughters ? Was it honourable to plot in secret, and to perpe trate by stealth the foul deed which has torn with bo rude a shock the affections of the wife of his bosom, and children of his heart ? Go Stand over that body ; call back that soul which you have driven from its tenement ; take up that hand which your pride refused to touch, not one hour ago. You have in your pride and wrath usurped one prerogative of God. You have inflicted death. At least, in mercy, attempt the ex ercise of another ; breath into those distended nostrils, let yonr brother be once more a living soul. Merciful father, how power lesa are we for good, but how mighty for evil. Wretched man ! he does not an swer, he cannot rise. All your efforts to make him breaths ate vain ; his soul is al ready in the presence of your common Creator ; like the wretched Cain will you answer, to the inquiring voice, 'Am I my brother's keeper ?' Why do you turn away from the contemplation of your own honour able -work. Yes, go as far as you will, still the admonition will ring in your ears, ifc v/aa bv your hand he fell ; the borid instrument of death is still in that hand, and the stain of blood upon your soul. Fly, if you will, go to that house which you have filled with desola tion. It is the shriek of his widow, they are the cries ot ins orphans, there are the broken sobs of his parent, and amidst the wailing of his family you distinct^ hear the voice cf imprecation on your own guilty head. Will your honorable feeling be content with this ? Have you now had abundant and gentlemanly satisfaction ? Or have you, too, received your death wound, and what must be the agony which you endure at beholding now forlorn, destitute, and overwhelmed her to whom you swore protection, fidelity, love ; who is to watch over those lovely babes from whom you turn your aching eye. O ! what must be the feeling when a father cannot look with complacence upon his ohild ! You love them j — indeed you do, and all the affection of a parent rushes in accelerating fever through your frame and sustains life a little longer ; but it throbs at your sinking heart, and bewilders your tortured soul ; the agonies of one world, and the horrors of an other surround your bed of death, whilst, the unsatisfied ghost of your opponent hovers above, shrieking the dismal summons to tho bar of an insulted Goc). ¥ly friends, I paint no imaginary scene ; but I shall Dot detain you in the chamber of borrors : let us depart from it to inquire into the nature of that honour, the mistakes concerning which pro duce such, lamentable effects. Honour is the acquisition and preservation of the (lignity of our nature ; that dignity consists in it3 perfection — that perfection is found in observing the laws of our Creator the laws of the Creator are the dictates of reason and of religion ; that is, the observ ance of what he teaches us by the natural light of our own minds, and by the special revelation of his will manifestly given They both concur in teaching us, that indi viduals have not the dominion of their own lives, otherwise no suicide would be criminal ; they concur in teaching us that we ought to be amenable to the laws of the society of which we are members, other wise morality and honour would be consis tent with the violation of law and the dis turbance of the social system; they teach us that society cannot continue to exist, where the public tribunals are despised or undervalued, and the redress of injuries ?withdrawn from the calm regulation of public justice, for the purpose of being committed to the caprice of private passion, and the execution of individual ''ill-will ; therefore, the man of honour abides by the law of God, reveres the statutes of bis country, and is respectful and amenable to its authorities. Such my friends, is what the reflecting portion of mankind has always thought upon the subject of honour. This tvas the honour of the Greek — this was the honour of the Roman — this the honour of the Jew — this the honour of the Gentile — this, too, was the honour of the Christian, until the superstition and barbarity of northern devastators darkened his glory and degraded his charscter. Is not the pride of the American the pre dominance of the law ? Is not law itself the emanation of the public will, and is not submission to the public will the first prin ciple of genuine republicanism *? Are our governments so weak or so corrupt, as to be unable to protect us, so that we must be thrown upon our individual and private resources, instead of looking to the power of the social compact, and the guardianship of the social head ? Shall we proclaim to tha world, that we in South Carolina are brought back to that state of direliction as that our public tribunals, the institutions of the country, the governmeat itself cannot protect U3 from insult, snd'that we are thus reduced to the necessity of trusting to our selves? Let not such a libel be handed over to the defaming press of Europe by an ungrateful progeny: let it not be said that none are aafe from insult in republics, except they have been well trained to the use of the pistol, or the rifle, or the dexte rity of gouging? Are those the emblems of honour ? But why placa the ruffian who plucks out your eye upon the same level with the gentleman who uses a pistol ? J acknowledge my error: I ought not; be cause the one deprives you of life, and perhaps of heaven, whilst the other only leaves you sightless : still, though the injury is greater, the barbarity is not equal ; there is more refinement in one than ia the other but there is also more criminality; there is more apparent delicacy in the mode of vio lating the law, but the substantial violation is more enormous ; the criminal, in the one case, has fashionable fellow culprits — in the other, he has tha more recent impulse of strong passion. It is not for us to strike the ratio of their culpability ; their Jndge and ours — he who has forbidden mnrder, and also declared that whosoever would call his brother ' thou fool,' shouid be guilty of hell fire, will apportion their destiny : my present inquiry regards only the honour of the transaction, and I can measure out to the duellist merely as much of that excellent quality as is consistent with the violation of his duty as a rational being, as a religious being, aa a member of society, and as the citizen of a Btate whose laws describe the offence as a felony. Patriotism, social order, religion, and reason, then, forbid me to de signate as honourable this bad practice, which criminal fashion has too frequently promoted and encouraged. Being therefore evil in its own nature, ic cannot be a proper mode for the protection of honour. ( To be concluded in our next. ) 