ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Reverse of Fortune-The Newry Telegraph says i " The favourite daughter of John Murray, author of . Observations and Suggestions on Education,' the man who has left us certainly the best grammar in the language (' Lindley Afurray Revised ' ) has been trying to eke out a precarious subsistence by singing ballads through the streets of Newry for the last few evenings 1 " Another Cardinal-It is stated that the Human Catholic Archbishop of Dublin lins hud conferred upon him for some ycurs the cardinul's hut, but that fur cer- tain reusons his grace kept the conferred honour a profound secret.-DailyTfetês. N Coalfor the Exhibition of 1851.-On Wednesdny last an extraordinary piece of thick coal was lifted out of a pit at Tividale colliery, belonging to Mr. Hound, of Tipton. It is cut in a circular shape, and weighs from five to six tons. It is of the following dimen- sions, viz , six feet high, six feet in diameter, und eighteen feet in circumference. It was cut out and dressed by Jos. Cockney, the butty of the colliert, and will be sent on the trolley or waggon, as it now stands, with the tackle used lor raising ii, picks, &c; , com- plete. Thcfcuifaccis remaikably smooth,and aHbriglit as a looking-glass j in fact, so smooth in pinces that n parson may rub it with a while silk handkerchief without in the least soiling it- Staffordshire Adver- tiser. A Cool Correspondent -George Hacket, who lately effected hi"> escape from the ¡Model Prison, itt Henton» ville, considerately addressed the Governor of the gaol, through means of the post-office, in the following words:- " Monday, Dec. 2, 1850.-George Hacket presents his compliments to the Governor of the Model Hrison, l'eMonville, and begs to apprise him of his happy escape from the gaol. He was in excellent spirits, and could assure the Governor that it would be useless for his men to pursue him : that he was quite safe, and in a few days intended to proceed to the Continent to rectuit his health." The strength and distribution of the British army is -For Gieat Britain, 37,843; for Ireland, 2-1,00.'.; Europe and Mediterranean, 7,915; Asia, 30,467 ; Africa, 3703; America, New South Wules, New Zealand, Van Diemen's Lund, Mauritius, llcrinud», and West Indies, 19,835; total, I23,7ti8. According to the United Service Galette, this total of 123,763 men includes the ca-ulry, infantry, artillery, engineer-, and suppers and miners. Besides the ubovv, there ure in the United Kingdom 30,000 enrolled pensioners, 8000 dockyard men, 13,441 yeomanry, and 4700 militia (Channel Islands.) The present strength of the anny in Ireland is 25.1(H) men. The ttvo German travellers, Overheck and Barth, who accompanied the expedition of Richardson to the interior of Africa, have been heard of 300 miles south-, east of Tripolis. They were preparing cano»s, which can he carried by camels, and used to cross the rivers. The catalogue of the book fair of St. Michael at Leipsic, which is about to open, consists of 984 pages, and contains the titles of 8033 woiks which have been published in Germany since the Easter fair. The number exceeds by 1200 mid 1500 that of any fair since the revolution of 1848. A scandalous incident signalised the sitting of the Spanish Chamber on November.8. Apropos of the abuses of the election of Hoya, allusions were made to a deputy who had filched spoons from a supper-table ofNuivuez. Naivaez declared that the faot had never been proved. Mayans was chosen president by 187 votes out of 106. A Curiosity of Literature.-We have received Iho following curious scrap of ancient commercial litera- ture from a well-known correspondent, who vouches for its fidelity : Copy of a bill found in the ruins of H'enlworth-house, Earl FUzmlliam't : Revd. T. M'Guire to John Jones. Nov. I, IC05. Repairs at the Roman Chapel. «. d. For solidly repairing St. Joseph . O 4 Cleaning and ornamenting the Holy Ghost...... 0 6 Repairing the Vii gin Mary, and making her n^ new child . 5 Q Furnishing a nose to the Devil, putting a horn upon his head, and glueing a piece to his tail 4 6 Total. 10 IU Important Discover!/. -A patent has been recently granted 10 a physician practising in the metropolis for a method of galvnnicully preventing the incrustation of steam-boilers by earthy mallets, a problem which has occupied the attention of practical and scientific men foi many years. We understand that the efficacy and economy of the plan pursued ure placed beyond doubt hy the trials to ti hieb the discovery has been subjected. The galvanic action induced would seem not only to prevent incrustation, but even to remove it when present. According to our information an object is thus attained of the highest impoi lance as regards steam power, while 11 new and most interesting fact is acquired for science.-Daily I'nper. Mr. Alaric Walts bus bronchi out a very delight ful'colume of Lyrics of the Heart, which will attain' for their author a just uud permanent popularity. ?* The Cardinals Oath..-A great point in the théologie controversy has been grounded on a pcrsccutliiL' passage in the oaths to be taken by Uömnn Catholic Bishops at their consecration, and by Caidiimls on their receiving the pallium, lu the lectures which, ut the request of the Society for Promoting the Religious Principles of tho Reformation, Dr. Cumming, the Presbyterian orntorof Crown Court, has been delivering to immense audiences in the llanover Square Kooma, the oath was quoted from the Pontificale Riiinanum. The persecut- ing clause rends limn-"Heréticos, schismuticos. el rebelles Domino nostro, eel succcssoribus, proposée persequar ct impugnaba." So eminent nu ecclesiastic us Dr. Words worth quoted this passnge from the pulpit of Westmin- ster Abbey itself, on Sundny tile 3d instant, with an emphatic translation of it for tho more effective stirring of the heretic und scliisinuticnl Protestant mind, and an intimation that Cardinal Wiseman, having duly sworn to " persecute and innke war upon heretics," might be expected to act accordingly. But all this nppcurs to bnve been stated, whether by Dr. Wordsworth in the pulpit or Dr. Cumming on the platform, under a grand mistake. The terrible clause was expunged from the oath ns administered lo British ecclesiastics, by Pope Pius VII. in April 1818. Dr. Wiseman took the outil in its amended form when he was made a Bishop in 1840; the recent Bishops took, or will take, the same amended 011th; and Dr. Wiseman on receiving the pallium took no oath at all, Cardinals being exempt. J'hcse particulars are communicated in a letter signed '. Francis Searle," of St. George's, Southwark ; who assisted at the ceremony in which Cardinal Wiseman received the pallium. A Singular Valedictory Address-The subjoined gem is attributed to one of those broad-bucked pack horses of literature, " an editor out west"-" Tho undersigned retires from the editorial chair with complete conviction thal uti is vanity. Prom tho hour he started his paper to the present time, he has been solicited to lie upon every given subject, und can't remember over having told a wholesome truth without'diminishing his sub seriplion list or making nu enemy. Under these circumstances of trial, and having n thorough contempt for himself, he retires in order to recruit his morul constitution. "-New york Post. A Good Old Horse-There Is, says thcOunchitn (Mis- souri) Gazette, 11 mau named Marlin, who has been currying the mail, on horseback,, from Mooroo to Minden tor the last five years, und during that time has never missed a trip, and what is more e'xtrnnrdiuury, he rode one and the same horse nil the timo. The distance thereand hack is 106 miles, and in the flveyciirs, according to our reckoning, horse and rider travelled Torty-one thousand six hundred miles. l5oth ure still employed currying the mail between this place and St. Joseph, and they seem tobe in excellent condition. We have no doubt but thut Congress will grant the old horse 11 pension for the service hu has rendered the government. Important New Printing Machine-Amongst the in- ventions preparing fur exhibition is a printing machine on u novel principle, by Mr. Appicgartli. In amachine to print the Is. catalogue of the Great Exhibition a superior style of printing is necessary. Por this necessity Air. Applcgnrth's invention fully and effec- tually provides. In this catatoguo.m.ichiue he has five times us much distributing surface as is usual, additional inking rollers, both typo and paper cylinders of large diameters, necessary in order to receive the form of type for twenty sheets arranged around them, and which consist of the ordinary type, which assumes a circular form without any difficulty when ibu columns are not too wide. Earh revolution of the sylindcr prints a sheet, or roll, containing the entire catalogue, on both sides. To diminish the setting- off, the sheet may be carried any assigned distance from the first to the second impression cylinder with perfect accuracy of register, provision being mude to rectify instantaneously nny possible extension or conirticliotl of the paper. This machine working at a rate of motion Unit might be given to it, would throw off 1,100 catalogues per hour, each consisting of twenty sheets of double foolscap, printed on both sides. It would be advisable, however, not to work faster than the demand required, as the work is somewhat deteriorated if performed too rupidly. Every facility will be undoubtedly afforded to the party who obtained the catalogue contract, if he decide upon using the machine we have described. Some communications have already, we leam, passed indirectly between Mr. Applegarth and the Executive Committee. A satisfactory plan for the committee to adopt would be to erect Mr. Applegarth's machine in the exhibition, and print the catalogues before the eyes of the visitors. This wouId make a most interesting feature in the great glass palace-( Standard of Freedom") We understand thut Messrs. Clowes, the eminent printers, in London, have obtained the contract for printing the catalogue for the 1851 Exhibition. They give a premium ot 4,000/. for the privilege, and two pence for every copy sold towards the expense of the exhibition. The catalogue will be sold for one shilling : another catalogue will also be published, which will be printed in several languages, and be sold for ten shillings.- Globe. Mr. Harrison, the late Collector of Internal Revenues at Port Louis, has been accorded a pen- sion of £600 per annum. We regret to learn that Mr. Dick, our late Colonial Secretary, had not succeeded in obtaining that justice from the Colonial Office which the colony considered he was entitled to. 