CONVERSATION BOOK FOR 1851. (From Punch.) We are informed by the Morning Chronicle that long-sighted Continental Publishers are already providing their country- men with manuals of English, for use during their visits to London for the Exposition. We much fear, however, that no possible familiarity with the manual exercise will enable the foreigner to stand British charges. Conceive an unhappy German or a bewildered Russ attempt- ing by the delusive light of .. English as spell to make out the meaning of English as spoken?" But etymological discrepancies will, we fear, not be lost in the way of those who trust to the phrase book. Such helps are extremely apt to lead the confiding foreigner into a conversation, and to desert him treacherously when he gets there, as an Irish guide pilots the ginger into a bog, and wounding him up to his middle in the slough. Under each head of conversation "What the man said, will in most cases serve a very instructive comment on the value of " What the Hook said." Time' To Cowgrass iviTfl a Cabmak. What the Book said Do you wish, Sir, to ride in my cabriolet ? _ Where do you wish, Sir, that I should drive you? I wish you to go to the Exposition. Thank you, Sir. I will drive you thither without delay. What is your fare? I have driven you two miles. Sly legal fare for driving you that distance is one shilling and four-pence. As you have driven fast, there is one shilling and sixpence. Thank you, Sir, I am very much obliged to you. I shall be happy to drive you in future." Good morning to you, Sir. You have paid so handsomely. What the Mansard. Keb (from every driver on the rank, and as many finers held up as there are Cab- men - N B. No provision made for conversation during the struggle for the wretch- ed fare. Vero to? (and a look.) Vero? (to understanding the foreign- er's English.) Two bob and a tanner. Vol's this (and a look of contemptuous curiosity at the coin presented ) Vel, if ever I drives a scaly stirring again, I'm blessed 1 Olio! Youaint'ngoin hoff in this 'ere way. Olwyn calls yourself a gentleman To Coxynnsr. with a Waitkr. (To Order Dinner.) Waiter, what have you for dinner ? You can have what you choose to order, Sir, Here is the bill of fare, Sir. Dear Sir!- Yezxir ! S'p, fish, chips, stocks, cutlet, Sir end To of, Sir !-nico cut, Sir is small muslin, Sir ! -Yezzir!-John, at tend to the girl's. Yezzir first twenty come, Sir !-, 'Ere, Sir !-Yezzir! Waiter, how much have to pay ! Here, Sir, isyo.tr bill. Permit me to ask you what you have had" to eat, Sir I have had a beef- steak, with boiled potatoes : I have also had a fried sole, and some bread with Chester cheese, and a pint of porter. ' Sir, the price of all that is two shillings. Money ! (calling ) Now, sir? (and an in prerogative look.) St'k, Sir? Yozr.ir! finally, Sir ! 'but rs, Sir Y Yersirl twopence, that's one - and - three, and bread a t penny, one airliner and two is onc-mid-fivo, and see, you said, Sir ! Ye/,/,ir ! that 'is one shilling : one-aud-cight and five, thirteen, that's two and six ; and cheese? Years,' two-and-oiglit and four, That's three bills ; and porter is four ; three, four, eight, ten, fifteen-fonr-und two. Thank your, Sir Walter, Sir? Thank you, Sir. Good afternoon, Sir Ce\co\ - 'i lie r each will bear in mind the lofty indignation with Hinchcliff Grey is announced that he should be ready to make good at all units the conduct of his nominee "alien ever the proper time should come," and the his- temple and died functional y agitation with which Mr Hughes rushed to hold his little short of between the delinquent and the public, he will also remember how the witnesses who were withnell wciodriggid forth with then sidence ho v the marshalling the evidence filled to p r cut its redelliot-hoi the poetical visions of calumny which were prepared against the t II e it is of an independent mere! loss of the Committee our; exploded in the hands of the concoctions, and shattered the report tions they are intended to deter d accustomed to often discomfiture and deceit when he beholds the complete failure of the official defences in the open Pin Immen tan field, he will not be surprised to find that some further dodges of ' transaction me attempted, to hide the defeat that could not be presented I the sequel is of the consistently honest soil alters severe struggle, and the rejection of many diait-iepaits, a report was agreed to by the Committee, calling the serious attention of her Al is sty s Government to the In le ice which the Committee of had taken, and again reco intend nig that a Royal commission should be sent out, unless some step should forthwith be taken by the Government which might obviate the necessity of further in estimation This was the coup de grace For 1 Grey never c are of mud with the proffered defence, the "proper time" never came, and on it scarcely cut can come, the little field of Mr firms must be lowered in life it enacted grief is often ers who were summoned over here to upset, but she fatally established the almost mci edit to cb i got made against the local government, have been allowed by the Colonial Office for return to Calm and resume the execution not then responsible duties Sir Lmeism lament is despatched to succeed! the i only son Patrick Boss in the secluded governmental the one in lack of St Helena discount Torrington is quietly dismissed '-Spectator Important to " Comfositous."-A French Journal states that on ingenious French- man has submitted to the committee of inspec- tion of the deportment of the Seine, for the universal exhibition of London, a printer's composing machine which surpasses, while it differs from, anything hitherto invented in that line of business. The machine distributes, corpses, justifies, and interlines, at the rate of six thousand letters or types per hour and the inventor has employed, as much as possible, the characters, tools, and accessories now used in printing His object, he states, has been to unite simplicity with great moderation of price. The journal which announces that this '. important problem has been resolved," concludes its description as follows: - '. This remarkable invention is of immense importance to typographic art ; and it appears capable of being applied with advantage to electric telegraph.'' j Stkaxoe Casks very singular case of cure of deafness from travelling on the railway has just come under our notice. Shortly after the opening of the Oxford and Bunbury Railway, an elderly lady, who had been perfectly deaf for nearly eight years previously, started by the railway from the city for the purpose of paying a visit to her relatives in Bunbury. During her journey, from the noise and the unusual mode of travelling she became nervously excited ; she suddenly felt something in her on. give way with a slight noise and to her great joy she 'found, before arriving at Banbury, that her hearing was perfectly restored to her, and so it his continued, to the no small gratification of herself and her friends. The case has come under our immediate observation, for he saw the filly shortly before she went Ifi Bambury, and we have seen her since she came back I we can therefore vouch for the facts as we Jitfo stated them. - Oxford Journal. The FitF.scii Presidu-n-t_H'o (and the following in its Bulletin de Paris : " The main- bar of petitions for assistance, addressed to the President of the Republic is at the minimum 95 and sometimes as many as 25!) a day, making' an average of] 50. " Admitting that on- the 3rd of these demands are rejected, there still remain lOOto satisfy every day, or 30g JO a year. It is impossible to estimate the average of the' assistance granted at less than .*J0f. At that rate it is about l,10;>,00f. a year,- which Mrs president expends ¡irdaily- assist.inne, with out reckoning subscriptions to balls, concerts, benefit, races, charitable works, eiieotiraj;eini:it to the arts, manufactures] commTji?, race. It will thus be seen that the funds of the flotation are in great put employed beforehand, and in a manner which cannot excite any pv unions sus . capabilities. The DisaiteabAncb op Fairies.-.. How do you account, said the late Rev. Mr. «lacbjiin, of Alves, to a'-sagticinus old older of his session, ." for the almost total disappearance of ghosts and fairies that used to be so common in your younger days?" "Take' my word foR, minister," replied the shrewd old man, " its á' owing to the tra. When the tea came' in, the "chassis and fairies gued out. Well do I. mind, when at a our neighbourly meetings, bridals, christenings, lykewanks, in' the like, we entertained one another so' rich repay me and the verra don niest ous used to get warm in' the face, an' a little confused in the head, as' well fit to see consist anything whom on the mines on our way home. But the tea has put out the happy ; and, I have remarked, that by losing the happy, we lost faith girl Isis and Warm." Elgin Courier. CuitRAN's Si'iaiT or KccKSt'RtciTr.;-A relative of Bushels, not remarkable for his Hindoo ablutions, once applied to him for a remedy for a sore throat. " Why," said Busho gravely, " fill a pint with water as warm as you can bear it, till it reaches up to your knees e, then take a pint of oatmeal and scrub your legs with it for a quarter of an hour." " Why, hang it, man," interrupted the other, "This is nothing more than washing one's feet!" "Certainly, my dear Joint," said he, " I do admit it is open to that objection." Curran and his Cuntcm. poraries. Sir James Brooke's a little volume, by the Rev. H. C. Coxe, Vicar of Newcastle, amongst other extracts from correspondence between the Rajah of parties'; and the author, is the following passage from Sir James, referring to the defeats of the pirates in 1849, which is the best vindication of his necessary severity against those former scourges of the Indian seas;-" They keep the 31st July apart for 11 special observance for during the last your not a single innocent life has been taken by those pirates, and not a single press has fallen' into their hands. The substantial good of our victory has been greater than that of many triumphs famous in story." 