ORIGIN OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. A paragraph, with the above title, after going the round of the English papers ^ found its way natura'ly enough into the Herald. It runs as follows : — ? 'Origin of the Ciiurch of E.ygland.— ? Saint Paul preached the Gospel of Christ in Britain about the fourteenth year of the Emperor Nero, and A.D. 63\. He there appointed Aristobulus, mentioned in the Epistle to the Komans, as the first bishop, and established a complete episcopal form or Church government, xne utiurcn or urnsiu urns esta blished was senior to that of Kome ; Linus, the first bishop of the latter place, being appointed by the joint authority of Peter and Paul, in the year of their martyrdom, after Paul'sreturn frotnBritain. The Church in Britain continued to be governed by its own bishops for 600 years, independent of any foreign church, and was found in that state by Austin, the Pope's first missionary, at which time they had schools and churches, and a learned clergy ; and were in a flourishing state, and refused subjec tion to the Pope or his emissaries. The British Church was the first Protestant Church in the world, having so early as the 7th century, and 900 years before Luther, strongly protested against the errors of the Church of Rome, and refused to hold communion with that Church. Their simplicity and purity of worship was such that they would not sit even at the same table, nor lodge under tha same roof, with the followers of Austin, on account of their superstitious and idolatrous ceremonies. These facts are commended to the special notice of those who talk of the Church of England as be ginning a ' dubious existence in the reign of Henry VIII.' To such unfledged controversialists it may be advised, ' Tarry at Jericho until your beards ar© grown.' Do not refer to the ' page of history1 before you have read it.' Whether this document be the production of some zea'ous Anglican who dea's in ' pious frauds,' or ti.e mere political squib of an unserupu'ous partisan willing at any oost to foster the present Anti-Catholic excitement, we can not tell : but of this we are quite sure, viz., that had any young gentleman sent such a statement in as an examination paper before his ordination, he would have been cautioned even by the most Protestant of examiners not to take a notoriously ex ' pa?'te statement for a received truth. 'We are unwilling to enter upon so trite a subject, but when journa's which have the reputation of being honest do not shrink of the day, we'feel ii'to'fc-k?W$£*{*. pose their utter want of principle. Whether St. Peter, or St.. Paul, or St. James, or St. Simon Zelotes, or St. Philip,, or St. Joseph of Arimathoaa, was the first to preach the Gospel in England is of course quite unimportant as regards our controversy with Anglicans. Whether the Church in Britain, like those in Jerusalem and Auticch, was 'senior' to that in the city of Rome, is a matter of mere historical interest, and can not be made in any way to hare a con troversial bearing. Yet it would seem that people who are interested in what they call the ' independence' or, to use a more correct term, the isolation of the Church in England, are wont to make great efforts to show that St. Paul, and not St. Peter, brought Chris tianity to Britain, as if St. Paul was not in communion with St. Peter, and as if a gre*t victory were gained by proving that St. 'Peter, the first Pope, had nothing to do with England. The writer of the paragraph states as a well ascertained fact, what every tyro in Ec clesiastical historyjknows to be very uncertain . All that is ascertained is that the Apostle of the Gentiles penetrated to the ' boundary of the West,' an expression which may have referred simply to his visit to Spain, of which he speaks in bis Epistle to the Ro mans. On the other hand we learn from an Epistle of St. Innocent I. that St. Peter was instrumental in the conversion of the West genera:ly. And when we add that one of the most learned, and most justly oelebrated of Protestant Historians, no less a- man than Dr. Hales, considers St. Peter's visit to Britain to be more probable than that of St. Paul, and to furnish a satisfaC' toryclue to an intricate chronological prob lem, we say quite enough to prove that the writer of the paragraph must have invested the historical subject with a grave theolo gical importance which does not at all belong to it, before he could bring himself to nar rate as well established history what is purely conjectural. . The. appointment of Aristobulus to the firat British Bishopric rests on still slenderer grounds. On this and other details of the same kind, Dr Lingard says, ' To notice the evidence which has been adduced in support of these fables would be superfluous. In an age of less discernment they could hard'y obtain credit ; in the preseut they may be deservedly neg'ected.' Protestants are fond of accusing us of using legends and tradi tions. Here we have an instance : of their own mode of using them — i.e., representing them as historical verities. ; The writer having thus .unhesitatingly disposed of the infant Church of England ventures upon another bold assertion, to wit, that the Church 'continued to be governed by its own bishops for 600 years, indepen dent of any foreign Church.' That it continued to be governed by its own bishops is true, — that it was indepen dent of any foreign Church is not true. We are- told by the Venerable Bede that in the. year of our Lord 156, Lucius King of the Britains sent a letter to the Pope, en treating, that by his command he might be made a Christian. The Pope accordingly sent Legates, named Fugatianus and Dami anus who are said to have carried with them rules for the government of the British Church For a century after this period, litt'e can be gleaned from the ancient writers about the state of the Churcb, but the fact that at the c'ose of that period a deadly heresy, that of Pelagius, was prevalent^ in Britain, makes it probable that communica tion with Rome had not been frequent. When the heresy had become general, the '1— r- - . -...^ f-,» Catholic faith, did not trust for safety to the ' lnctepertutmuc of the British Church. They had had a sad lesson of the danger. of such indepen dence, and in their hour of need, they at once bad recourse to ' foreign Churches,' viz., to France, and to Rome. A French council with the sanction of the Pope, sent two Bishops, St. Germanus and St. Lupus into Britain. This was somewhere about A.I). 480. The foreign Bishops preached with wonderful success and rescued the Church of England from the heresy which in its state of isolation had well nigh de stroyed it. And their success was mainly owing to the miracles they worked by means of the relics of Saints which they carried with them : — ' After this,' says St. Bede, ' a certain man who had the quality of a tribune, came forward with his wife, and presented his blind daughter,, ten years of age, for the priests to cure. They ordered her to be set before their adversaries, who, being convinced by guilt of conscience, joined their en treaties to those of the child's parents, and besought the priests that she might be cured. The priests, therefore, perceiving their adversaries to yield, made a short prayer^ and then Germanus, full of the Holy Ghost, invoked the Trinity^ and taking into his hands a casket of relics of Saints, which hung about his neck, applied it to the girl's eyes, ?which were immediately delivered from darkness and filled with the light of truth. The parents re joiced, and the people were astonished . at the miracle ; after which, the wicked opinions were so fully obliterated from the minds of all, that they ardently embraced the doctrine of the priests.' While the influence of these 'foreigners' lasted, the Church of Britain continued Ca tholic, but its insular position making inter course difficult, and consequently tending to render the Church (i independent,' corrup tions of all k:nds crept iuto it, and, pre viously to the Saxon invasion, it was in such a miserable state, that there- is every reason to regard that invasion as an awful judgment sent by God. The Saxons came, and all but destroyed the Church. The Bishops were driven from their sees, and many of them put to death — Christianity was in fact exterminated. Then it was that Rome again came forward, and the missionaries Of Pope Gregory the Great re converted the country. To represent the British Church as being in a 'flourishing state ' at this period is to contradict the plainest facts of history — facts admitted by all respectable histoiians — Protestant as well as Catholic. Nothing in truth could have been more gloomy than the prospects of British Christianity. The Saxons were in full possession, and they were heathens 'to a man. The^ Britons hate^|ih^m')~aW; 'refused to have any hand in'converting^Uvem. Oppressed by their con ^uerors^ th/ey' for the most part took re fhge'ih , Wales, and left England to become to all intents and purposes a heathen country. St. Augustine then came with full power from the Holy See. He worked miracles to convert the Saxons, and also to convince the schismatical Britons who ' re fusecl subjection ' tjjhim because he preached to their enemies the Saxons. This was the 'error' against which these 'Protestants' protested. They differed from St. * Augustine only in the time of keeping Easter, and in the mode of ad ministering Baptism. 'The simplicity and purity of worship' alluded to in contrast to St. Augustine's ' supc.rstious and idola trious ceremonies,' is a mere flight of t-he writer's imagination. The worship both of St. Augustine and the Britons was then precisely what it is now with all Catho lics. —simple and. pure, certainly, but not in the sense Protestants attach to these words. ? ?The facts of the history of the early EngHsh Church we most strongly recom mend to the notice of all who may be startled into serious thought by. the progress of events. It is impossible to gainsay those this article, — and they have a most impor tant bearing upon the present state of things. England, onqe the island of saints, has been for S00 years estranged from the Christian world. The successor of St. Gregory would gladly have done his best to reclaim it, at any time .within that period, if the strong arm of a nation de voted to heresy had not resisted all his at tempts. When the way was open to him he nobly fulfilled his oflice. He is doing now what St. Eleutherius, St. C«'estiae, and St. Gregory did before him, — and we earnestly hope that God will bless his labours for .the fu'l and effectual conversion of the Church which began ' its dubious existence in the reign of Henry VIII.' patron, will be a total tai ure. The Catho lic Bishops are not made of such pliant ma terials, as to yield to the breath even of the Prime Minister^ England. Tbey are not ' reeds shaken by the wind ' ready to bend befor.e the first blast of a threatened perse cution. And as to the influx of converts into the bosom of the Mother Church, we are inclined to think it will be rather increased than diminished by the Premier's polemic philippic. But whatever may be the effect of this Protestant movement, either as regards the re:enactment of some 'uew Penal Laws ' against the Catholics, or the checking for a time the work of convex sion to the one fold of the one Shepherd ? we are confident that the animus exhibited by Lord John Russell in framing this pre cious letter, and the re-echo of Protestant feeling elicited by it throughout Great Britain must be productive, of much good to the Catholics of England. The admirers and obsequious tools of Lord John and his hollow-minded Whig Ministry, to be found amongst some of the Catholic aristocracy and several of the influential middle class of English Catholics, will have their eyes opened to the real character of those in whom they foolishly p'aced unlimited but unmerited confidence. The English Catho lics must . be now convinced, even at the ileventh hour, of what Mr. O'Connell, the uiberator of the Catholic body throughout ;he Brit:sh Empire, often told them, viz., ihat the great mass of British Protestants vere intolerant of Catholicism to the inmost jore, and averse to granting civil and reli gious freedom to their Catholic fellowsub ects; and that the boon of 'Emancipation' ;vas extorted from the bigotry of Protestant England by the two consummate statesmen, the Duke of Wellington and Sir Robert Peel. These eminent politicians accorded the Catholic claims, as a matter of necessity and State policy, and not from choice or good will to the Catholics themselves. The speeches of the Duke and Sir Robert in . proposing the ' Relief Bil' to the House of Lords and the House of Commons dis tinctly state that it was to avert the calami ties of 'a civil war' that the Ministry brought in this tardy measure of justice. From the number of petitions presented against Catholic Emancipation, and- from the number of newspapers opposed to the measure, we find that it was carried by the high hand of power against the wishes of the majority of British Protestants. The petitions are as foLows : — Presented to the House of Lords— Against the Bil1, 2521) in favour of it, 1014. Presented to the House of Commons— Against the Bil, 2013; in favour of it, 955. The Atlas newspaper of April 19, 1829, computes that out of 238 newspapers in tho United Kingdom in that year,, there were 107 in favour of Emancipation, 87 against, and 44 neutral. From this it is evident that the majority of Protestants were oppo sed to granting Catholics tlu-ir just and in herent rights. Of the two master minds who carried the ' Relief Bill' in spite of intolerant Pro testantism, one has left this mo.tal sphere, and the other, in thMder of nature, must soon follow him. Andwhen that event taKes place, we should not feel surprised if toe Protestant yell raised by the Whig P«m-« should demand a recurrence to Penal ^ws and Protestant .ascendancy. In the mean time, we trust the Catholics of Englandand of Ireland too will learn to put their trust in Princes or Prime Ministers no longer, and to have little reliance on the Whigs for the protection or promotion of their civil or religious rights. If they wish to propitiate tbe arm of God in defence of their holy re ligion, let them observe the precepts of that religion, and be guided by their Prelates, whom God has placed over them, and who will have to give an account of their souls. The late Protestant outcry against the exer cise of that spiritual power, which every Catholic believes that the Bishop of Rome received from Christ through St. Peter, must attach every true Catholic closer to the Holy See, and must produce a salu tary effect on those weak-minded English Catholics, who may have hitherto crouched and fawned at the feet of Protestant states men for places or patronage. With regard to the spiritual supremacy of the Sovereign we will fearlessly put the 'question r- to any consciencious Protestant, who has carefully read the New Testament, the Inspired record of God'a Will to man, containing the great and fundamental doctrines of Christianity, — the establishment and government of the Church or Kingdom of God upon earth, if he can find a single text in this sacred volume, ?wherein Christ, tbe Divine Head of the Church, gave' any power directly or even indirectly to Kings or Princes to govern His Church, or made them in any way the depositories or channels for conferring or conveying spiritual power on others to qualify them for preaching His Wort-, or administering his ' Sacraments ?' No, it is Bishops, and Bishops alone, that the Ho'y Spirit has placed to rule and govern the Church of God. We are at a loss to know what the great body of Catholics have gained by Emancipation. As the Duke of Wellington very truly said , on the oocasion, ' the Bill did nothing more than admit a few Catholic Peers and some com moners into Parliament.' But unfortu nately it has done one thing more, it has turned some worthless descendants of old and noble-minded English Catholic fami lies into time-serving and drivelling syco phants to men in power. Of this we have a wretched specimen in Lord Beaumont, who may justly be called the shame and disgrace of the English Catholic Peerage, as An thony Kitchen,, the Bishop of Landaff, was formerly called the 'shame and disgrace ' of the Catholic Episcopate, for his servility to Queen Elizabeth regarding the consecra tion of Mathew Parker, the first intruder into the See of Canterbury. Why ''this very man, Lord Beaumont, obtained the restoration of the Peerage to the once illus trious Catholic family of ' Stapletoa '' since the carrying of Emancipaton, and in con sequence of that Bill, and the first use this degenerate Catholic Peer mad« of bis ad mission into the House of Lord's was to join with Lord Roden in supporting a vile and groundless charge against a venerated Priest. This hopeful pseudo Catholic Peer also distinguished himself by repeated attacks on some of the most virtuous and learned Bishopa of the Irish. Catholic Churches to please men in power. ()n the whole we must express our con viotion that this recent unreasonable out pouring of Protestant wrath against un offending Catholics will be productive of auch good to them, both in a political and religious point of view. It will teach them to decline « State patronage' for their re»gion. as its most dangerous and deadly jnem-y, and to depend on themselves and on ™e practical observance of their religion, as :, °.n 7 sa{e and certain means of advancing ^interests of their Church under the Sd 5gSPdrit and graCe of ifcs Divine Head 