T A !5 M A N I A N UiSlON. / AMettjng-o( the Members and friends ol . the V Tmmenian „Utiion" took place at (he •VR.OJalAmf.hiiheatre," Murray-street, lasl . Monday evening. Mr John Moore, :of ihv Guardian, in (tie chair. Theproceedinssj commenced iiy Mr. Moore refilling the rsquieilion cdnfeninjf the ~ assembly after! . jfliiHilie expressed^ hiedelghtpi lpnutnerous . an audience. He .solicited ibpforfcetiiance of the" aieeiing tor any speaker who might, address it; and. in order 10 diiiipate the . miirepre^Dtaliona circulated by the enemies of the Union; Jje called upon <he .Secretary to read the publiihed circular of their Principles. Mr. Si Clair then read ihem, and war occasionally interrupted by applause, which '"any particular paragraph excited. Having resumed hia atai, the Chairman introduced Wr. James Gray, whu was received with, cheering. On its conclusion, the' speaker remarked, that the members and friends of the " Tustnanian Union" had been invited lo consider matters of crave import, as regards the interests o( the Union, and the interests of thia colony. Should any difference ol opinion arise on any aubject, he trusted that the meeting would observe the rule which he had laid down lot hia personal guidance as a Member of the Managing Committee, enl yield lo th» judgment of the majority, so thai ell ihe designs of the meeting he characteritid by concord. He then reviewed the birth and progress of the organisation; scanned with a careful eye the object of its principle; and staled that ihe members were united in (he common hond of fellowship— by a melting recollection ol many wrongs and sorrows; and he trusted the decision this evnine would show that unity of purpose could characterize all iheir proceedings. He referred lo a short | aragraph in one of the 1 Sydney papers, headed the 1 Ghost of Transportation," and proceeded to discuss the important question, of education,—a question which, he said, might well be entrusted lo our Governor, who has ever shown a desire to advance ihe moral and material in eresls of this colony. He ("Mr Gray) had seen so_ much of the curse of ascendancy in the country of his birth, that he suggested to" the committee of management the insertion of a clause that civil and religious liberty should be emended to all classes. After some further observations, be sincerely (hanked them for (he reception he had met with—a reception which he would noi attribute to any merit of his own—but rather to his sympathy with the throne and wants of this land. Mr. Ellis followed He presumed from ihis evening a voice would go forth proclaiming. beyond ihe possibility of a doubt, that the people of Tasmania had arisen to vindicate a general cause which would confer honor on themselves, and on thtii posterity. They would, by one decisive Bnd grand exertion, cast out all the lixards from the empire and thus prove that freedmen are not only capable to select fit Bnd proper persons to legislate, but thai they are likewise capable of legislating for themselves. Having adverted lo ihe examination of the Lotd Bishop of Tasmania befo e a committee of the house of commons on (he subject of the Queen's Orphan School and other matters, totally irrelevant with the object of Ihe meeting, the speaker retired, and Mr. Reeves advanced .-—He said he was ftlal to bring forward a gentleman ; he was one of ihe committee 10 bring him forward ; he trusted that Ihe concurrence of the meet iiig would give a lie direct lo their slander ers and traducerswhosay that unanimity does not exist in ihe Union; during his experience of societies of a political character—and he had enjoyed the opportunity or belonging to some which had a very considerable influence — he could fearlessly say that to nine did be ever belong whose aim or decision were more delermindly 'or good than the " Tastnanian Union-" The manifesto addressed by the committee of management 10 the electors and candidates of the city of Hobarl Town set forth principles which every well regulated mind musi feel proud of being actuated by, and such as must reflect the highest credit on every man who subscribes lo them Bat he thought he w«s deriat/ng from his subject. He would introduce ihe name of one, and solicit for him Iheir support, not bnly by Iheir votes, bat by their interest and influence. That Gent emau is one whose every interest is cenieied in Ihis colony. He would merely name the parly. (Cries of name him 1) The managing committee ot the XasmaniBn Union thought that the name of John Dunn, Junr. was entitled to iheir support at the ensuing election, which he had no doubt would be contested successfully. (cheers.) Mr. Judah Solomon seconded the motion. Mr. Todd supported it; and bestowed justice un the political and moral character of Ihe popular candidate. Mr, James Gray said before ihe motion was put he would offer a few observations The meeting would bear in mind that there were two candidates in the field, The Britannia of this morning wished to know if they had " bagged" their candidate yet. The Union did not wish lo folio* the example of one gentleman who hud bagged himself; but if they were united ihey would return both. At present (here were but two candidates in the arena. Mr John Dunn, and Mr. Thomas Daniel Chapman. It was ihe desire of the committee ol management lo bring such a candidate before ibem, as they uighi be disposed to support Surely when there were but two they could not hesitate lo make a choice. Would the) support the man in whoie office coteries had been held to inflict injustice oa them ? Mr. Dunn, on ihe contiary, had adhered to their principles. They were brought before him by deputation, and it was by his promise to adhere lo those principles that he had now been proposed. It rested witb themselves to support Mr. John Dunn, or any other Mr. they chose. The chairman then put the resolution :— " That Mr. John Dunn is entitled to Ihe suffrages of the elet lors.and the members of the Tasmaniaa Union pledge themselves to support him at the ensuing •-lection for the representaiion of Iiobsrl Town." Carried uosninionsly; with three rounds of enthusiastic plaudits for John Dunn, Esq, Mr. William Carter then advanced, and was welcomed with loud cheering; when it subsided he thanked the meeting for hit reception, and said he was certain tint he would have succeeded, that the result would have been gratifying lo him, and that the canvass wouid "have been successful, had he stood as a candidate for ibeir suffrages. But there were reasons which induced him not to come tor'avd from private life and take part in the noitv arena of political struggles in ihis city lie had never desisted from taking a part in any political assembly; and, he would never shrink from expressing his opinion whether for, or against, ttieTairaanian Onion : but, lo the present moment he had seen nothing but to admire in the principles and conduct of theTasmanian Union. TVy had been conducted with sunh spirit and judgment that (he success of its efforts must, tt persevered in on those principles, be ultimately successful; and, he did not doabt that the gentleman who theTasnanian Union supported, would not only come io. successful, but that he would be returned at tbe bead of the poll. He was not seeking for lie favour of ibeir support, bat he wonldgive'bis individual opinion, as to the menU of thpie capdidatn bow before the public, end also a word or two of caution ] to the electors of this city."' It was not necessary for him lo say anything with respect to Mr. John Dunn, With regard to the other, he miyht fie qualified inevery respect but one, and which exception was fatal tohim fn his (Mr, C s) inpinion, and for which he would not eive him his vote.- lie belonged to a League! (Laughter end <cheeft). The Taswunian Union, formed when till. League first.come into existence. It was on a defensive p-incip'e He (Mr. Carter) recollected the lime when Ihey went from house lo bouse, from shop to shop, asking the shopkeepers if they retained prisoner servants and ihe answer given, in the event of an affirmative, was, ''Then we shall not deal with you!" That was Ihe reason why the Uoion was formed, to be of a defensive character agBinst ihe niavliinations ar.d the bad dispositions of evil-minded men. The Union was stiong enough to carry the election, if they were unanimous; and there was not the shadow of a doubt that they would secure the election of one candidate, and ol a gentleman who would rt Sect the highest honor upon them (loud cheers ) Mr Edwards (the tobacconist) then rose, and, in aspeeih of some ability, proposed Air Edward llowe, and moved that a letter be addressed lo him soliciting him to permit himself to be nominated as a fit and proper person to represent this city in the forthcoming elective assembly (uproar). The Chairman rote io order, and hoped that any person who interrupted the meeting would be turned out, or, if that was not done, the polire were at the door. He would introduce Mr. James Gray to second the molion; Mr Gray again presented himself, and expressed his pride that one of his own class, a member of their own body, had consented to come forward to contest this city, and lo show them that in so coining forward they were lo enjoy (he restoration of iheir rights. Mr Howe had been long known to them. He was the architect of his own fortune; and the TasraaniBn Union were nothing if tliey did not unitedly return htm and Mr Dunn as joint members in ihe approaching Legislative Assembly, lie, therefore, in the name and on bthalf of ihe Union, and of (lie prisoner population of this island, called on all members of the Union, friends, expirees, einanci* piste, end liondsiren, lo teinrn Mr Hone, and thus cruEh ihe efforts of tbose who would attempt to create invidious distinctions.— (Cheers). Mr Ellis said he would not have been satisfied if he had quitted ihe meeting without saying a wotd in favour of Mr llowe. If there was one man more than onother who deserved the suffrages of the people, it was Mr. Howe. To-morrow morning the watch word of Hobarl Town would be " John Dunn and Eward Howe."— (hurrah I) shall be paraded on placards, and the Tliey Union Jack shnll Boat over iheir colours, (hu rait 1) ft had been asserted by Mr Gray tliat there were only two candidates, and he was satisfied that to-morrow morning (here would be but two, and that those two would Dunn and EJtvard llowe. be John The chairman said it was hoped by the general committee, and tlie friends of the Union, and of the colony, that every person would use his interests, whether ihe. hid voles or nol, to ensure the return of Messrs Dunn ana Howe for ihis city. (A voice:—all; but a little limner would to a long wayl laughter) The motion of Mr. Edwards, seconded by Mr Gray, and tuported hy Mr Eilis was then formally submitted lo the sese of the meeting, and pronounced to be carried by unanimous vole. The chairmnn then intimated thai the colours for Edward Howe should be blue, whne, and red. Mr Gray suggested tlmt they should have a sprinkling of his poor old country:—a little green. The chairman (hen said lie hoped all who had a vote, and the good wishes of this colony atheart, would come forward end sign the letter which he read lo the meeting. Il was uliimately arranged that ihe letter lie for signature at the Guardian office; at Mr. Edwards tobacconist; and at Mr. lMc« Graths. Three cheers and one cheer more were giren for the liev. J. J. Therry; and some person in the crowd cried out for three cheers for Humbug—after which the assembly disappeared about nine o'clock. 