BAPTISMAL REGENERATION; Bishop Short comes out strong in his charge on the subject of Baptismal Regene ration. It is not a little singular, however, that he says little of himself on the point, but seeks to establish it on the faith of such names as his relation, the Bishop of St Asaph, His Grace the Archbishop of Can terbury, the late Bishop Ryder, Dr Arnold, the Rev. Charles Simeon, of Cambridge, and an anonymous writer in tho, Edinburgh Review. This is doubtless an excellent method of Settling a disputed point in history, or of adjusting any other matter that rests upon the force of accumulative evidence, but it is one of the worst to be applied to a dis puted doctrine. There is this, too, to be observed, that accumulative evidence on any point is worse than valueless, when it is not honestly dealt with, and this leads us to bring the charge of great disingenu ousness against Bishop Short in his attempt to press the Rev. Charles Simeon into the service of Baptismal Regeneration. Few persons, churchmen or no church men, who practise infant baptism, can speak or write for five minutes on the sub ject, without bewildering themselves with a number of meaningless terms or phrases. Tliis was the Rev. Charles Simeon's posi tion in the passages quoted, and he had the additional bewildermentof seeking tosquare his more scriptural views with the symboli cal language of his church. But it is doing the memory of that great and good man— one of the firmest pillars and brightest or naments of the English Episcopal Church —a gross injustice, when it is sought to make him pass through the eye of Bishop Short's Baptismal Regeneration needle. Nothing was more abhorent to his notions of regeneration, and in the very address from which these garbled extracts are taken, he is stoutly arguing against it. We cannot, of course, compress a sermon of an hour's length into the compass of a brief leader, but we may give the resume of the points he had been pressing against the abettors of Baptismal Regeneration, and this we shall do in his own words. Mr Simeon, it must be observed, is com batting the views of those who, like Bishop Short, deride Calvin's notion of persons being " instantaneously regenerated by the power of the Spirit, coming on them irre sistibly and indefectibly "—Bishop Short's words, but not Calvin's, we suspect—and who hold that persons do necessarily, and by Divine appointment, receive the Holy Ghost, and become changed in the spirit of their minds in baptism; and he proposes to discuss the tendency of this doctrine and its opposite in point of sobriety, 'practical efficacy, and final issue, and what he says on the subject, under the first of these as pects, is this :— Which has the preference in point of sobriety ; the doctrine of a new and spiritual birth, by the operation of the Spirit of God ; or that of baptism being the new birth ? It is objected to the former doctrine, that it is enthusiastic, and that it is ac companied with many absurd and baneful errors ; namely, that its advocates insist on sudden impulses, which irresistibly, and without any co-operation on our parts, at some particular time that may at all subsequent periods be referred to, conrcrt the soul to God. Novv we have before denied that the ad vocates for the new birth give any such represen tation of it, or that it is in its own nature associated with any such things. But now observe the doc trine of our adversaries ; namely, of those who identfy baptism wtth the new birth: it is curious to observe to what au extent they fall into the very errors which they impute to us. They say, that we ure born again in baptism, consequently, they, First, make our new birth sudden. Next, they make it irresistible; for the child can not withstand the power of the priest. Next, they make it without any co-operation on our part; for the child is wholly passive. Next, they make it arbitrary according to the will of man; who may hasten it, or delay it, or prevent it, exactly as he pleases : whereas it is expressly said of all Christians, that they are " born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." Next, they make it so determinable in point of time, that not the person himself only, but the whole world aho, may know it, by consulting the register where the ceremony is recorded. I And, lastly, they are assured of it, not only with out any evidence at all, but in the very face of all imaginable evidence to the contrary. Who, I would ask, are tlie enthusiasts now ? I will further ask, Whether the wildest fanatic that can be found at this day in Christendom entertains notions half so fanatical as these?—Simeon's Works, vol, 16, pp. 261, 262. This is conclusive as regards the disin genuousness with which Mr Simeon's testi mony has been pressed into the service of Baptismal Regeneration by Bishop Short, and we have not access to Di* Arnold's works just now, or the like disingenuous ness might, wc believe* be as clearly proved in his case as in the former one. All our recollections of Bishop Ryder, too, are ad verse to the notion of his being a favourer of Baptismal Regeneration ; but of the works of the other great authorities quoted we know little, and care less. Bishop Short, however, is bound to set himself right in this matter, and when he does so, we shall probably have a word or two to say on the way in which Mr Simeon's words, as quoted by him, have been made to convey an altogether different sense, by his stopping short in one case in the middle of a sentence, und in another abruptly at the end, without any regard to the argument he was pursuing. With Bishop Short's charge generally we do not now meddle, but the above flagrant in stance of disirigenuousncss we Could not refrain from thus early pointing out. 