THE FANCY INA FOG :*OR. A DREARY "DRAW FOU A DECKMBEU DAY. \- CROSS AND SAMBO (WELSH) FOR £50 A-SIDE. Everybody who knows anything about millers «tr milling has soon, hoard of, and read about Jem Cro^s of Birmingham, and Tom Welsh (Sambo) nny time theso fifteen to seventeen years ; and those who have not. can refer to the register of their deeds in Fistiana. Tho for- mer hu« been on the shelf since his conquest of Tom Maley, four years since, and the latter has not sported his mahogany skin insido thc ropes »ince hil dpfent by Alec Keene, near New- market, in June, '43: Now, ns tho brace or ve- terans were yet Eound in wind nnd limb (har ring . Sambo's eclipsed ogle, which has been a ?lead-eye from his birth), anil, moreover, were getting wolfish about tho head, and almost .p'iling for want of a fight,1' some friends and patrons, thinking that neither of them was get- ting younger, and mightn't keep long good, de- termined on finding them fifty sovereigns each si a golden ointment, to bc applied tn tho palm of the " best mau.'1 Articles signed, deposits nado good, and tho day approaching, the men wont into training-Snmbo nt Richmond, under Jem Turner, finishing off his exercises by going through a gymnastic course with Mr. Harrison, .f tho Gallery, in Leicester-square, and cer- tainly we never saw tho brown gontlem.m in divs when lie vns not quite so stale so hard and bright as on the present occasion. " Old Jem " paironitod East Greenwich, with a short turn at Brighton, and also seemed, with thc exception hereafter -noted, nil that could bc desired, nnd moro than might havo been expected. Both wore within weight (9st 41b), Sambo drawing Vit 21b. bnroly, nnd Cross about a pound less. A trip per rail was announced, and a special train arranged for, but on the arrival 'nt the platform on tho eventful morning, there stood a ."row of carriages, a hissing locomotivo, a jroup of expectant officials-but where wcrotho voyagers? And, still moro important, whoro were- tho belligerents? There was -n screw looso- somewhere ; and this was placed beyond ¿oubtbyn mysterious communication made to .ld iTom- Oliver,' who suddenly decamped with tho. ring, proportiosi stnkcs, ropes, sucks, and straw, disappearing with great celerity. Mean- while '?' Petor the Great," with a woe-hegone »od perplexed countenance, paced thc platform «t. Waterloo as gravoly and solemnly ns the ghost.of . Hamlet, senior, stalked about tho platform at Elslncur ; Uko him, too, ho " wore UU.leaver up," nnd " boro a conntenanco moro in,sorrow than in anger." Thus, clad ina brawn grent cont and a brown study, ho " walked fora certain .term." till nt last, thc mental fog clearing,oIf ,ntid daylight breaking in, he pcr ceired,. that- bc-was alono j whereon, waving n courteous adieu to the nstoniahed station master, te,, too,- '.' shrunk- in hnsto away nnd vanished from thole sight." It was now half-past nine, and on reaching Wntorloo-brldgo tho state ol aftttlra wa» quickly evident. I'nuies hud placed tbomselves, in Wellington-street, nnd near the torminu«, and nnnouncod to travellers per cab »od Shank's mare, solvcting thom by the free- masonry oí tho Fancy, tho chango of route: An unavoldnhle difficulty with tho raliway offlei« alt had led tho managers of tho excursion to erf1 jage, the Nymph.- and by her it was proposed' tc drop down tho Thames. By many it was sup posed thnt : tho voyngo. wns'imprncticnblc in ac «lento a fog ; tome, therefore, turned hack-, and other«-betook themselves by cab and bus to thc bhoredltch station, whoro they booked thom ferret for-North ' Woolwich, and awaited (willi tba men) thc arrival of tho stenmer. This oc- curred . at twelve o'clock, nnd tho risk of thc short hour« of ono of tho dark days before Cbrlttnui tnndo several oilers to tnko short odd! thero would bo no fight that day. Tho adjourn- ed nSair of Collins nnd Sayers was nlso on tht book» to ho disposed ot if possible. At two thc voyagers scrambled,, crawled, nnd tumblcdTuj tho greasy, slimy river wall in Long Reach after a »llppery landing from mndry littlo bonts in a fog about tho colour nnd consistence of pe.i soup; an atmospheric blanket, thnt made il more than likely that no curious intruders wonl< interioró with tho fun in hand. At la minute! after .two tho mon stood np, Snmlio being con ducted to tho,scratch by Alec Keene nnd .famoi 0 Onay Turner. Esq.. M.C.P.C. ¡ whilo Jen tress, wm escorted, by Jack Mnedonnld an« Jeremiah Koon. ? Tho betting was 0 to "V ni Sambo, nnd tho .men courteously posted a ten. Mr each,, level, ns ti by bet. Now na they ha> jot thus,far. nnd both -of them vero certnlnlj nothing loth to begin tho game, they qulokly go «t what well deserved tho tltto of TIIEPIGUT. RoiîHD -1-For n pair of " fintlquos," hotl Joe mon looked in voryperfoot condition, Sambi li» particular.tnlthongh it waa stated thnt ho lim iptufivcMipoumU off ns lato ns'tho Snmlnv pro 'iooMo thought! "Il thin nt nil impaired hi .Irnngth In tho Inter rollies of tho batt lo. willoi *. doubt, at any rato it added to tho olenr am close appearance of tlio muscles clothing his ribs, breast, ami shoulder*. Cross looked woU and steady ; except a slight pimply rash visible in one or two places on his body, and which alwavs accompanies some men in their training, he wits in tip-top fettle. Tho position of.Sambo was that of a master of tho art of fistic fence. Cross held his left remarkably out, with his right low and close to the mark. After a few seconds Cross let go his loft, and dropped on to Simho's cheek slightly (cheers for Crosi.) Sam- bo stopped Cross neatly, and caught him on the temple with the loft pretty smartly. Counter j hits, and a slight bustle, when Cross slipped ; down. ?2._Sambo popped in his left on Cross's snuff I box, but the latter missed his return. Sambo I feinted, ami Cross retreated, measuring with j his left : then, letting go hts right, ho reached j Sambo's loft ribs, a sounder, and a lively little ! rally followed, till, after mutually passing tho i pepper-box. Cross forced Sambo to the ropes, I where he got down because it «uited him. rt.- Cross began confidently, and made play with thc lott, which he got homo, but received a Ftnnning smack on tho left eye from Sambo, who was on the retreat : Cross hit Sambo in I the body with tho right, and he fell by a slip. ?1.-Cross offered with tho left, but Sambo was ready. Neat stops on both sides : ex- changes with hearty good will, Cross getting in just below Sambo's good eye, and also sending in a right-handed upper-cut on Sambo's cheek. Massa Sambo bustled away, smashing in Master Cross's front railings and loosening his dominoes till they rattled iii their box : Sambo down. [First blood claimed for Sambo.] H.-Sambo nailed Cross on the chest ; Cross followed Sambo to the ropes, got a nobber, bnt repaid tho compliment, and Sambo went to tho ground. 0\. Sambo sent a sharp left-hander on Cross's left optic, drawing some moro of tho ruby ; Cross went at it like a hammor-man. Sambo accepted the proposal, and ding-dong, hit, stop, break away, and atitasain was the order of tho i day for fivo or six minutes. At last they were i bath a little Mown, and closed, going down j together. Sambo undermost, j 7.-A short pause, some sparring, right and I left exchanges, without much harm done, and j both down. I 8.-Cross led oil with his left extended-: j Sambo retreated and bnflled him ; Cross got : Sambo close-to the ropes,and in tho scrimmngo I tipt him thc right on the best oyo : Sambo jabbed j him twice or thrice on tho head, but he would j not be denied, and Sambo dropped at tho ropes. ; 0.-A merry round : Sambo stuck to his guns, J and repelled Cross's nttack till they got to tho 1 ropes, when ho slipped down sideways, i IO.-Astonishing fast and hot work for old I ones-quite a lesson in portrait painting ; S imho ', throw Cross quickly and cloverly, clean on his back. i H.-Cross stopped in, Sambo hit out nnd retreated, till Cross forced him on to and over the ropes, after getting a little the worst of tho I hitting. j 12-Again Cross drovo Sambo back till they got nt a merry rally near tho cords : after punching away fora few seconds they separated, and stood looking at each other. Kach looked ns puzzled ns a pig in a pound. At last Master Cross seemed to tííink that looking nt it would- n't finish tho job, so ho up with his mawleys ; \- Sambo smiled, nodded his head, and did thc same. Cross missed a vicious right-hander, tho j men closed, and Sambo dropped on his knees. 13\. -" Time, time !" hut both slow to tho j call : they, however, soon got together, and made some heavy hits ; thoy broke away, when | Cross went nt Sambo to renew the encounter, I but ho dropped on his knees by thc ropes. ! 14\. -Cross tried twice with Iiis left, but was j neatly stopped ; Sambo popped in a left-hander | on tho mouth, jumped from the return, and, ns Cross carno.in, sent his riaht a plunger into his ince that stopped his career. Cross snuffled a bit nnd winked, but in a second or two went to work liko a nailer, and giving Sambo a knock j in tho ribs, and missing an upper-cut, slipped and was down. 15\. -[liven on Cross.] Cross got again on to Sambo's check under thc good ogle ; ho fought evidently nt this point. Sambo cleverly returned, punishing bin opponent severely ; Sambo fell on his knees in Cross's corner. 10.-Cross still forced Sambo, but was hit smartly. He dealt a terrific hit in tho rilly with thc right on Sambo's woolly nob, who fell. 17\. -[" Time."] Cross on Sarabo'a right eye. Sambo countered heavily on Cross's left day- light, which was now fast closing in darkness. A rally ; Sambo on his kneos. 18\. -As before, Cross led off. and would not I bo denied ; he was short, or slipped, onco and again, hut made his mark in eloso quarters. Sambo\fought with him liko a lion, till in tho closo Cross got him on his back. j 19\. -A wild scramble nt tho ropes, n hug, and ; both down. [An appeal from Sambo's party I overruled.] " j 20\. -Cross ran in with tho left ; Sambo j jumped back : Cross got him over the ropes, and I Sambo wriggled to tho mud ; tho grass had dis- j appeared, the whole surface within the ropes being poached into a mass of the consistency of thick Yorkshire pudding. 21\. -Both men slipping about ; hard work for arms and legs. Sambo slipped down. [Another claim.] 22\. -Both slow from their corners : sparring, and a pause. Sambo stopped Cross's left twico, then hit him sharply with the left. Master Jemmy, feeling pricked, wont nhead, «nd drove Master Tommy'down. ['« Look nt Cross's oye," said Keene. '* it's bunged up !" " Wo'vo ono "moro eye than your man now," said Mac- donald.] , , 23 to 33 [00 min.]-Somo of tho hardest and iiijOAt straightforward milling that has boon seen "for many a day. Kn two mon could hnvo dono nil they know, and tried all they could, with moro pluck, resolution, perseverance, and firm- ness than Sambo and Cross ; It wns real right down, old-fashioned fighting, ami every truo ring-goer regretted that both could not win. In tho 20th round Cross foll (unwillingly) on his ncttior end from nbodicr of Sambo's, and in tho 28th squared accounts by hitting Sambo down in tho exchanges. Enoh round wns fought ns if tho issue of tho fight depended on it. 01\. -A long time in tho corners. Snmbo thrco or four times on Cross's loft cheek hea- vily, nnd without any effeotivo return. Cross seemed stinky, and went down hnrmlossly in tho closo. 32.-Snmbo smiling, but wo could sen little to I laugh nt: his half-case mug was quito warped in tho fiisNinjr. nnd wo don't think any learned ; fellow of tho Zoological Society could hnvo told what race of mankind his phil most resembled. Both eyes wero ornamented, nbovo nnd below, with curious bosses, and his. nob lind moro bumps tim ii Mr; Deride lind laid down in his phrenology. In making ono or other of theso Cross hnd so damaged lils dexter lork thnt his right hand was nearly disabled ; his loft ogle, too. hnd tho shutter np, and tho right was not much to brag about ¡ still thoy were both cheer- ful as kittens, nnd pu wed away. Sambo slipped down nt tho closo of tho round. 33 to 40,-As before, but tho pauses nnd spurring lioooming much moro frequont.as might ho expected. Cross recovered wonderfully, got second wind, and went nn froth ; Sambo be cn in o slower, nnd in tho 30th round was slinky in tho knees-: in tho 37th ho WOB tin-own cleverly, ami raino up rather nbrond. - Ho, however, steadied himself, and by getting down,'gained timo to get round. 41 to 4fi¿-Good fighting at Interval«, but both fagged ; Snmbo tito weakest. In the 44th nftor sharp counter-hits, Sambo fell on his knees puzzled. 18.-Camilo slow frnm his corner, but qnito ready nt scratch. Cross wont in. but Sambo dealt him two sharp, props in tho face ¡ both mon fouaht tn a standstill. 47\. - A long interval ; Cross first up. Sambo led oir, got into work, anil quito astonished his friends by the way in which ho hit Cross on tho much butlered eye and nose, nnd stopped his , return. Cross's right hand clearly of little or i nn u«e, and Sambo's right better than was ! thought. Cross hit out with tho loft, and fell. I [An appeal-" Go on."] 48\. -Sambo Jolly, though by no means hand I some. Sparring: Cross hit Sambo with tho ¡eft j on the head, hut it seemed a push rather than a i hit. " Co in and win V cried Sambo's friends ; j and so he tried, but Cross rallied with him, ex ' changed hit for hit, gave tho last blow, and both ! were down anyhow. [" Brave fellows, both,"] j 49. [Mi. 45m.]-Cross much better for thc last bout, and Sambo seeming serious. His natural beauty was not much improved by tho art of D'Orsay Turner, who hadjdecorated his right eyebrow with a large patch of black t plaster. Cross forced Sambo to tho ropes, i closed, nnd threw him, hut not clean, j f>0.-Tho fog and the approaching sunset, ! though, except from the almanack, nobody ! could tell whether it over roso or set nt nil on ! Tuesday, made it clear as mud that seeing much i longer would be out of tho qnestion with those j whoso optics were not bunged, and therefore it was sagely concluded that if the bystanders couldn't seo with wholo eyes, tho men couldn't with " half an eye," or not quite that. Tho referee, after advising expedition, therefore an- nounced that at half-past four he should " close thc books," it being now 1 7 minutes past that hour. A good round followed, it being still " anybody's fight." SI* to 54.-Much time wasted in tho corners, tho ruling powers not seeming to know how to " reckon it up." In tho last-named round Sam- bo slipped on his knees, then jumped up to re- new tho round, but his seconds seized him and carried him to his corner, fio.-Sambo hit Cross sharply in thc face. Cross returned on Sambo's oyo, who seemed dazzled for a few moments. Cross went at him with both hands, but his left hit seemed pushrit. and his right arm was invalided, Snmbo slipped down. flß- -Sambo foll. 57 to 511.-Cross forced tho business. Sambo, who was tho weakest, advised by his seconds, avoided struggling, and got down. Time expired; but both parties requested to go on, nnd were indulged, lt was a'1 but dark. 00.-A short wild rally ; Sambo on his knees under Cross's arm, who dragged him up ; a struggle, and both down hy tho ropes. Cl.- Both loose and unsteady, and the ground in a terrible state. Cross fought Snmbo on to bis knees, but did not seem to produce nny elfect by his blows. 02 to 04.-The referee and others within the ropes: darkness had come: and at I" minutes to ö, the men having fought gallantly for two hour and 28 minutes, tho battle was declared a rfr.t ic A boating expedition to tho steamer, nnd a voyage In .. a fog you'might hang your hat on " to North Woolwich, discharged tho cargo of thc Nymph, and the question yet rests undecided which is tho better man-.lem Cross or Tom Welsh-though nono who saw tho doings of! Tuesday, and Who comparo them with the deeds of our modern " bygones," but will at once decide they wero both Oat. Wc have received a letter asserting that Cross I had actually won the fight, and would havo been I declared tho victor but for the unfair interfe- rence of Sambo's friends. Wo havo seen thc backers of both men, and they consider that tho decision arrived at by the refereo was cor- rect. Tho men meet on Wednesday evening at Mr Frost's, tho Grapes. Whitefriars, to decide whether they shall draw or fight their battle out. Tho backers of Cross aro willing to increase I tho stakes to a hundred pounds or more. ! The causo assigned for changing the excur- sion from steam by land to steam by water was J tho uncertainty of choosing a spot on thc linc i agreed upon to which thero were not serious oh 1 jeetions ; added to which the deposit agreed I upon with the authorities had not been paid nt the time specified on the previous night. MCKTI.NO OP TiiK JOCKKY Ct.cn.-iVcK' Resolu- tion!, §-c.- At a mooting of thc Jockey Club, held at Newmarket on Wednesday in the Second I October Meeting, it was resolved-" That any horse running for a selling stake or plato shall bo liable to bo claimed hy tho ownor of any other horse in the race for tho prico for which ' he is entered to bc sold and thc amount of the stake-tho owner of tho second horse to bc firBt , I entitled to claim. That in future a feather ' weight shall ho considered 4st.. and tho usual j dcclnration mado when a jockey intends to carry more than that weight." I PRncsTiiuxtsM.- THE FI-SILKER GtunnsjicK's i MATCH.-The Flora Gardons, Bayswater, pre- sented a moro than usually bustling and exciting , scene on Tuesday, owing to a vast assemblage of : tho non-commissioned officers of the Scots Fusilcor Guards, privates, and a great number of civilians to witness a rnco of one hundred and 1 twenty yards, for £\0 n-side, between Private Theobald, of tho second bataillon, and Daniels of tho first, and a moro exciting and gallant rnco was never witnessed. Sergeant Panton haring boon chosen for Theobald, and Sergaant Boll for Daniels, being the respectivo sergeant» of their companies, nnd Temperance, the well known pedestrian, having been chosen ns referee, thc competitors, nftor «orno time, got off ns evenly as possible, in which position they con- tinued sido by sido to tho end of about a hun- dred yards, when Theobald began to show a tritio in advance, and won by a yard, complet- ing tho distance in 13 seconds-most extraordi- nary work under tho peculiar circumstances of the case. 