ORIGINAL CORPESPONDENCE, TO THE EDITOR OF THE < SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE/ Sir—Newspapers are very-useful and often very amusing productions in their way. Your Gazette of late has often excited a smile in me, and sometimes surprise, at the proofs given that frequently men do not see the tend ncy of their own sayings and doings, or almost only look at one side of a question. 1 venture to send you a few thoughts which some recent occurrences recorded by you have produced in my mind. The pomp and power assumed by some parties, while tiiey reprobate everything ofthe kind in others, is veiy amusing. If others venture an arrogant ^sentiment, they pounce upon them at once, and, if able/ would victimize them for their presumption in no time. The Pope, forsooth, bas ventured to divide England into districts, and has had the daring presumption td appoint spiritual superintendents over all the Queen's subjects in that country. And, behold, what a hue and cry is raised by the bi<hop and subordinate clergy of the Episcopal Church in England, and what a hubbub tbey have raised in the country against this monstrous arrogance. ^ 1 suppose these worthies forget that they^and their section of the church are acting in precisely the same way, and have been doing so for a long series of years. It is not unlikely but very shortly the Roman Catholics will—if they have not already—publish religious statistics of our favoured isle, in " ich they w£ll state how heathenish tfc«;$nfaabtants are, I will aver tKat there are 1 know not %w many thousands of men, women, and children witbout any Christian instruction, and that there are 1 know not how .many cities, towns, villages, and hamlets, &c.;, and only tsw> or three priests to give them Godly instruction. Of course these statistics willentirelyonut any notice of the existence of die English Church, her clergy, her Sabbath schools, and various ottter religious and benevolent institutions, societies, and exertions. i can easily conceive how mortified and indignant the whole bench of bishops and the clergy will be at such insolence which treats them as if they were not. Depend Upon it this will produce pnblic meetings, petitions, remonstrances, memorials, and, no one knows what, not a few. But will they in all this bustle find time to review their own conduct through a long seiies of years, during which they have treated Dissenters in precisely the ame way P Has it not been the general, not to say uniform, practice with the Episcopal clergy of England when speaking, or writing, or making returns of the religious state of the people, to regard all other sections of the Christian church as if they had no existence, although in many places they were much more numerous and useful than themselves? Well! the law of retributive justice is not yet blotted from the statute book of Heaven: But have none of these said clergy brought this same arrogant and exclusive spirit with them to this land ? Have there been no indications of it in any returns or reports made, or notices published of the religious state of the people ? This, however, will not do here : the public mind is against it._ Exclusiveness, bigotry, and arrogance may try it for a while; but both the clergy and laity of the episcopal and all others, will be obliged to learn the humiliating lesson that they form, but different sections of the Church of our Lord Jesus Christ, and that others are at least honorable and important even as they. Arrogance will not be tolerated here in any sect. Apropos! The word just used by me brings to my remembrance that I have occasionally seen the term 'tolerated' used in letters published in your Gazette as applied to religious bodies, and one occasion I noticed this in a leading article: Thus—* In a couutry like this where all were tolerated.' 1 feel certain that if you, Sir, wrote the leader in question, the term was used without consideration, and from* the custom of employing it in the parent land. It is almost an intolerable thing that toleration does still exist in Britain.' And surely we are not come here to propagated that impious absurdity. What, Sir, has any man, or company of men, the authority to interfere between me and my God ? Has any power on eaith the authority to forbid me to worship my God according to the dictates of my own judgment and heart ? And if not, how can it be that I am to be tolerated in my religion ? The very idea supposes the assumption of more than Divine authority, and is, in my - view, the summit of impious arrogance and absurdity. Pray, Mr Editor, let us neither speak nor write any more about tolerating persons in their religion unless it be to reprobate the idea, lest we be found to be of ' the Son of Perdition, who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped ; so that he, as God, sittelh in the temple of God, showing himself that he is Gad.' 1 had thought too, Sir, that the notion of the Sovereign being the source of all honor and jower was too oriental and antiquated to obtain influence here, it appears to me that the divine right of kings is contrary to all revelation, facts, and common sense. Did the Almighty, by oracle or inspiration, appoint the House of Hanover to reign in England ? And yet I do not understand how the Sovereign can be the source and'depository of all honor, unless Divinely appointed. Unless 1 am wrongly informed, the people placed the present dynasty of Britain on the throne, and keep it there. The Br tish nation, at least, have shown that they 'make their Sovereigns the source of political honor; therefore is plainly in the people. 1 think, also, the history of other nations have taught impressive lessons on this subject Our Sovereign is worthy of all honor and esteem, and long may she live to receive the homage of her subjects and to be a blessing to the world. But the honor attached to the throne and Victoria's authority to dispense it is from the people. On this ground, in my view, the Legislator who is elected by the people has more honor than one who is nominated by the Sovereign. The Nominee may have the easier birth, bat the greater honor attaches to him who represents an enlightened constituency. So no more at present from yours, &c.;, Encounter Bay, April 2, 1851. R. W. NETVLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE * SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE. Sir—In the published report of the proceedings of the '.Church of England Society, you have represented the Rev. M-r Woodcock as saving— JL ' That he should be glad if some definition of the word Christian could be adopted,, so as to restrict the aid of the believers in the Deity of our Lord Jesus Christ and the divinityaud personality of the Holy Ghost.' .2. ' That the Unitarians do not believe the whole Bible. They reject the first three chapters of Genesis, and the first two chapters of Matthew. If they admitted them, I would :defy them to deny the fall of man and the atonement* -.4 newspaper, however convenient a medium wherein to discuss'these subjects, is not perhaps the most practicable .one. - But as your paper has given publicity to Mr Woodcock's opinion, and many are equally misinformed, you may, without entering into any controversy, allow the correction of error, from the parties who are wrongly represented. Those.persons .may suffer obloquy for their belief and principles; but as sincere believers, they will endure the consequences. On the first-point—The word Christian occurs but three times in the Bible ; and in every case had the translators done as they have in other cases, they would have rendered the passages as brethren followers, or believers in the Christ This may be thought to be of no consequence, as either might be supposed,have the same meaning But the early ecclesiastical writers, or the Fathers as they are called, considered, and. represented, that the Arians, or those wbo regarded Jesus as a man empowered by God were not 'Cbistians'; while those who believed that Jesus was a Divine person, or a part of, if not the Godhead itself, were Christians,' and only entitled to the designation. In those times many wars and much bloodshed and fighting took place; and often since have the bauners of war been consecrated to its name,-and the destruction of millions of our fellow-creatures perpetrated with the sanction of Christians Had the parties been believers in the Christ as the New Testament teaches, they must have abominated war, and cultivated the rule of duty laid down of ' doing unto others as they should do to you.' On the second point—Mr Woodcock is very imperfectly informed. The Unitarians never have rejected the first three chapters of Genesis. The writings and teachings of Dr Priestley, &c.;, and all other believers in the humanity of Jesus, have never doubted the authenticity of these chapters genuine portions of Bible History. At the same time they believe that they furnish no evidence whatever to support the doctrines of John Calvin, viz., the fall of man, or the atonement. Popular as the belief of those doctrines are, however, Mr Woodcock may defy a denial. Mr Woodcock is correct in saying that the Unitarians reject the first two chapters of Matthew, and though Mr W. is not aware of the fact, the earlier portions, except the first four verses, of the Gospel Of Luke also. The believers in the oneness of God consider, those chapters to be so inconsistent with themselves, and so much at variance with the other portions of the Gospels of the New Testament, that they cannot believe they were written by Matthew or Luke, but by other parties, and interpolated and added to the genuine writings. Had the same inconsistencies existed in any writing, either ancient or modern, no hesitation would be felt in rejecting them. Of the passages in question, Jerome, Grotious, Dr Newcome, Archbishop of Armagh, and Primate of all Ireland, as well as others - all furnish evidence of these chapters being forgeries. To evidence that the believers in the oneness of God are not the sceptics, Mr W's remarks would imply, and so many others implicitly believe, but that Divine Truth is upheld, and the Scriptures regarded as containing God's Word, the following extract from a petition presented to the Imperial Parliament, praying an alteration of the law respecting the Marriage Ceremony, and has been since adopted, which was printed by command of the House of Commons. The petition states as the principles and belief— ' That convinced of the insufficiency of what is called Natural Religion, and confirmed by evidence in their belief in revelation, your petitioners receive the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament as containing the Revealed Will of God.' ' That desirous of obeying in all 'things the will of God, as made known by Revelation, they reject all human authority in matters of Religion, making the Laws of God as coutained in the Scriptures, the sole rule of their faith, discipline, and practice.' ' That from a serious, unremitting, and free enquiry into the Scriptures, they have concluded and believe— 'That there is none other God but one.' ' That the God of Abraham, of Isaac, of''Jacob, the Go3 and Father of our Lord Jesus the Christ, is the Only True God/.' 'That Jesus, of Nazareth was a man approved of God by sureties, and wonders, and signs, which God did by him.' ' That he died, and by the power of God was raised again according to the Scriptures.' 'That God hath appointed a day in the which he will judge the world in righteousnessby that man whom he hath ordained.' ' That God hath separated to himself a people on earth, which is the Church of the Living God—the pillar and ground of Truth.' 'That this Church as the Household of God, is governed by God alone, being built upon the foundation of the Apostles. and Prophets, Jesus the Christ himself being the chief corner stone.' 'That the constitution, laws, and government of this Church, are, in the Scriptures of the New Testament, so expressly set forth as not to need, but absolutely to preclude, all human legislation therein.' ' That this constitution, these laws, and this government, being of Divine appointment, cannot be dispensed with, cannot be violated, cannot be altered, abridged, or added to. without rebellion against God, and treason against his authority.' ' That your petitioners, as the Church of God, acknowledge the constitution, maintain the laws, and submit to the government thus given by God to his Church. ' They acknowledge Jesus as the sole and exclusive Head of the Church, for God hath put all things under his feet, and given him to be Head over all tilings to the Church.' ' They are one united and indivisible body—for as the body is one, and has many members, and all the members of that one body being many are one, so also is the Church of God.' 'Their members possess an equality of rights; no one being permitted to arrogate to himself religious titles and distinctions, or to call any man master upon earth—for one is your Master, even the Christ, and all ye are brethren.' 'They reject all hired or exclusive teachers, and in their assemblies admonish one another, and edify one another, according to the Scriptures—for ye may all teach, one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted.' ' They choose out of themselves certain officers for the regulation of their affairs, that all things may be done decently and in order.' 'These officers of the Church are Bishops (i.e. overseers'), or Elders, and Deacons (i.e. servants), who are to serve and to take the oversight thereof—not by constraint, but willingly-not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind—neither as being Lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock.' ' Your petitioners further submit to your honorable House, that where God hath fully revealed his will to man, all rites, ceremonies, and acts of worship, in order to be acceptable to God, must be appointed by him ; and believing that since the abolition of the Mosaic Ritual and Temple Worship, no rites, ceremonies, or public social prayer and worship, have ever been appointed by Divine authority; they, as the Disciples of Jesus and in obedience to his commands, pray in secret to the Father; and, as true worshippers, worship the Father in spirit and in truth/ It cannot be doubted, the parties to that petition were sincere believers, and that the Bible was esteemed an undoubted authority. Yours, &c.;, Stepney, April 7. ALPHA. 