FACETTE. .JVhat'i to Pay for Kicking an Orangeman t' -AtIii« head Police-office, Dublin, a few dayl ?go a'man named Minaban, a" Roman Catholic, was charged with baring-kicked, knocked down, and otherwise ill-treated a .' - Orangeman,*^ named Spence, for distributing papers abusive oftbe Roman Catholic religion, and calling them idolaters for believing in the " blinking Image of the Virgin Mary, at Ramini." For this gross outrage the presiding magistrate fined Minaban the enormous sum ef fourpence/ Since then the street squabbles have been interminable, the Papists conceiving thry may kick the Proles- tants on the fair average of 4s. a donen. The street wags have songs upon the subject-part of a verse of one ruus thus " Pitch into him. Jemmy, the day's all our own, . No matter «bat breach of the peace.you commit, ..." . Thrash an Orangeman well; and,it's very.well known""' ' '., ' You're »ure to get off for k fourpenny blt /" The wreteh deserved.to be,bow- strung, who, bring pressed, to stay a little longer, replied " I will ; fifteen minutes will make no difference ; my wife ii now ai mad aw the can be." Why, my Lor di. do yt not maren forward in Order.--Wt believe that the tune to which I tho Marquis of Westminster Is in the habit of practising the celebrated crab step ls a March of Back. We never In our lives saw anything-that gave us such a perfect idea of the very opposite to the March of Intellect.-Punch. A Deterted Village.-Many ,of the.respect- able shopkeepers of Topiham, In Devonshire, have suddenly disappeared to visit the Great Ex- hibition. They have, however, taken the pre- caution to inform their customers .of the same by causing a notice to be stuck against their re- spective doors, of which the following is a copy t -"Gone to tho Royal Exhibition, to be re- opened when we come back." A Hlodern Farmtr'i Wife.-A young lady, recently married to a farmer, ono, day visited the cow-house, when she thus interrogated her milkmaid s-.' By the by. Mary..which'of these cows is lt that gives the buttermilkf A Benevolent Barber.-Not many m'les from the south-west side of the bridge, in the town of Sunderland, there is to be seen, written in large round-band, la a shop window, and hanging al tbs door, the following j-« Sailors on strike shaved gratis on. Monday a and Fri« days." i A fat citizen bf Boston waa seen to walk gravely along, with his. loft hand In a frame. " Holloa 1 what's tho matter f" cried a friend. " Oh I my friend," he. ropliod, with aa .impas- sioned accent,. " I havo had the happiness to have this hand pressed by Jenny Lind, and I have had it framed." '. ; A man. boing overtaken by a shower sought shelter from tho rain in the house of a negro fiddler. On entering, he found tho negro in tho only dry spot in tho house-tho chimnoy corner -as hsppy as a clam, fiddling moat merrily.' Oar traveller tried to keep dry ; but the rain came in from all quarters. "Jack," said lie, " why don't you fix your houso !" " O, cause .er rain, so I can't." "But why den't you fix it when it don't rain f" 11 O, when 'or don't rain 'cr don't need no fixing." An Original Drfence.-A prisoner defending himself on a chsrge of burglary at the Limerick ! assises on Friday addressed the Court as follows : -" If I committed all the murders and robbe- ries io thc county, my Lord, I am innocent of this charge.as the child unborn; and I only wish I hail half an hour's liberty, and I would shoot Malone as dead as a mackarrl. the b--y perjured villain. I hope the lx>rd will take me out of this world soon ; and I pray to God that my ghost may be an evil spirit, aud haunt for life every one who had anything to do in ray Îrosecutiou. You have all done your best, and don't care a d- for it all, for I could liva in a t.astable oven if I had only a smoke of a P'l'o." i ?? ? --^-» 