YATALA DISTRICT.— NOMINATION OF CANDIDATES. Yesterday the nomination of candidates for the Yatala District took place at the Bird-in-IIand, at the Dry Creek. Shortly after 12 o'clock Mr. Moorhouse, the Returning Officer, appeared on the temporary platform erected on the north side of the inn, in the stable-yard, accom fauiCU UJ LUC uuiLimaira UUU bUCIl lltdlUa. Mr.' Moorhouse having read the writ 'authorizing the election, and bespeaking a fair and candid hearing for the candidates and their res pective supporters, called upon any one who might have a candidate to propose' to come forward. Mr Nihill rose to propose air. Giles, and in doing so, said that he begged to propose Mr. Giles as a fit and proper person to be their repre sentative in the House of Assembly. He would propose Mr. Giles as the prudent man, as the man from whose character for integrity, busi ness habits, and good temper, they might, with some show of safety to themselves, surrender the powerful weapon which the law had given them for their defence, and for their political advancement, and there was not a doubt of its being effectual for that purpose, if used with skill and wisdom. Farmers and brother electors, said Mr Nihill, I feel the more confidence in nominating our old and respected fellow-colonist, in having the honour of submitting his claims to your favourable consider ation, because in addition to an unsullied reputation, he presents ns with good security that he will not, when armed with legislative authoritv, make our interests subservient to that of the squatter. No, brother electors, he cannot do this, for his own and that of the South Australian Company are identical, and inseparably entwined with ours. Their broad and fertile agricultural land is the principal source from which they de rive their revenue. Ruin the farmer, and Mr. Giles is ruined. Here is a grand qualification, and one deserving your most earnest attention, for we know that where a man's treasure is, there will his heart be also ; and no argument, however plausible or cunningly devised, should per suade us to the contrary. The interests of the squatter are in his flocks and' herds, in his extensive pastures and conditional runs. From these sources he derives his revenue, and why should not his heart also be where his treasure is ? and no argument, however subtle, shonld induce us to think otherwise. For when a man says that he will obtain for us the ballot, a Distillation Act, an extension of the suffrage — when he says that he will oppose a pre-emptive right for the squatter— I teU yo'u, brother farmers, that when a man says he will perform these promises, we ought to have some test of the honesty of his principles, drawn from his previous life and conduct; and such a test is more valuable, and ought to have more weight with the electors and farmers of Yatala, than promises couched in the smoothest words,or plausible testimony.hastilyad vanced(by an opposing interest) at a moment of such vital importance to the farmers. Let us prove the sincerity of our candidate's political creed by applying the test drawn from his previous life and conduct ; and in so doing I will not allude to anything that is not genuine. Mr. Giles advances as one reason why he should stand high in our estimation, that he will have no pre-emptive right granted to the sqnatter. If we look back upon Mr. Giles's past life (and he has been for many years known to us aU) we may say that he is the man whose word we.might take ; hut we have something better as security against the infliction upon the farmer of an enormous wrong ; he is the landlord of 400 tenants, the great majority of whom are farmers, therefore the amount of his rent-roU must depend upon the prosperity of the agricultural interest Now, Farmers of Yatala— Mark — If you commit the outrageous impolicy of rigging out in official pumps and' state robes a man who can give you no better security for the performance of his promise (with reference to that S»£oatters League), you wiU have placed yonrselves in the position of an oppressed and wronged suitor in the hands of, perhaps, a dishonest trustee, whom your own folly has enabled to battle us and keep us ont of our rights, and that with oar own money. Again, Mr. Giles tells us that he wiU have the Distillation Act repealed; he must be at enmity with a law which presses so heavily on the men who support him ; he must be at enmity with a law concocted as a boon for the squatter, for it reduced the overlaboured farmer to beggary, and by deterring in tending agriculturists, left him in secure possession of the public lands. Mr. Giles will not throw dust in our eyes by any half measures (which, by-the-bye, seem to be so much admired by some). A modification of the Squatters Distillation Act might enrich the vine-grower, but still leave the fanner sunk in poverty and ruin— aye, and compel him to be queath to his children, with a terrible aggravation, that from which he drew his own miserable pittance. Brother Electors — Our candidate, Mr. Giles, says he will struggle to obtain for us an extension of the fran chise; let us apply the test to his sincerity; did he at any time perpe trate, by any trick or stratagem, a monstrous informality, by which the electors of any hundred might be disfranchised? No! he did not Did he on any recent occasion disfranchise 250 electors, by taking advantage, with alacrity and inflamed passion, of a slight informality? Not Brethren! he did not He has come by a straightforward road to enlist under the banner which has been planted in the soil of Sonth Australia; and his past life has proved that he will fight until it is unfurled over tlte head of every man of sane mind and untainted with crime. Such is the character of the man whom I have the honour of proposing to-day as a fit and proper person to be Yatala's representative in the House of Assembly. Mr. Walter DufReld then rose to second the nomination of Mr. Giles as a candidate, and in doing so, said that the electors he was sure were fully aware of the importance' of the occasion on which they had been called together. It behoved them therefore to weigh well the merits of the respective candidates for their suffrages on this occasion. Now, first, as to their public characters, Mr. Giles had been long known to the people of South Australia as a public man. On almost every occasion in which their interests were concerned he had came forward as a supporter of popular rights, and of institutions beneficial to the colonists. (Cheers.) But when was Mr. Anstey known to come forward in the same light ? The only occasion on which Mr. Anstey had made any public show, that he recollected, was at a meeting of the sqnatters, at the Exchange. ' : ? . ' ? Mr. Anstey— I never was at any meeting of squatters at the Ex change. ?',??? . ? . .. Mr. W. Duffield continued— Well, then, if it was not at the Exchange, it must have been at the Freemasons' Tavern, at which he had signed a memorial in favour of the squatters against the fanners. ; They would not find Mr. Giles taking such a part against the former; he had no. squatter's interest (Cheers.) Who then, he would ask, under such circumstances, was the true friend of the farmers ? (Cheers.) Another very important point on which there was a material difference between the two candidates was the Voluntary principle. They would aU re member what had been the consequence of the introduction of that principle. Before it came into play all Beets were united; the Wes leyan, Baptist, and Independent, and Churchman, all prayed and preached in each other's pulpits— (cheers) — bat since its introduction there had been nothing but heart-burnings and, discord. When this colony wag founded a solemn pledge was. given by the.. Home Govern ment that the freedom of religious liberty should be fully secured, and left untouched — (cheers) — and he was sure the electors of Yatala would not allow any Government ; they would defy them to break or infringe on this solemn pledge — (cheers) — and above all, they would not allow any one imported from Van Diemen's Land to take their rights from them. (Cheers, and marks of disapprobation.) He would maintain fearlessly that of the various denominations and sects here, there were three supported by the Voluntary principle to one on the non Volnntary principle. (Cheers; cries of ?No, no.') A Voice — Name them if you can. ? , Mr. Duffield, without noticing the remark, proceeded to say that, of all people; the members, of the Established Church oughtto be in favour of the Voluntary principle, since they owed in this colony so much to it By what principle, he would ask,- were the first missionaries sent ont here but by the Voluntary principle— by the voluntary subscriptions of pious individuals in England? The next instance they had was that of the establishment of a Protestant bishopric It was owing to the liberality of a lady in London,' Miss Burdett Coutts, who had from her own private pnrse furnished the funds which served as an endowment for the Protestant Bishop here— an endowment which he supposed wag to last to the end of the world. (Cheers.) Again, to what were the members of the Established Church indebted for their splendid Col legiate School, which he believed was to cost from £5,000 to £6,000, 'but to the voluntary subscriptions of private individuals? (Cheers.) He thought then that the Churchmen onght to he the last to complain of the inefficiency of the Voluntary principles. But to refer again to Mr. Giles : — He had always been the friend of the farmers. When the agricultural interest was in so low a position that wheat was selling at the ruinous price of 2s. per bushel, who was it that offered to' take, and did take, his rents outfin it at 4s. per bushel? — Wby, it was Mr.G''1'' — (cheers)— and what was more, he did not keep it in the colony, bnt in order to relieve the colonial market sent it all to England. (Cheers.) A Voice — Yes, he sent it to England to get a better prica for it, and make a good profit out of it. Mr. DutBeld continued — But what was Mr. Anstey doing at the same time ? — Why he was a member and director of an Auction Company in Adelaide, of which Mr. Baker was Chairman — a Company who were lending their money out at an enormous rate of interest— from 30 to 35 per cent Was that, he would ask, being the friend of the farmers, lending money at a rate of interest that ruined many, and robbed most of them of their homes and their land? (Cheers.) But Mr. Anstey had given as a reason why they should choose him as their representa tive, that he had a large property at stake in the colony at Higher combe. Now, he would quote the words of a friend and supporter of Mr. Anstey on this point; it was the opinion of Mr. Baker, given at a meeting, he believed, of the Agricultural Society. Mr. Baker had «aid ' That Mr. Anstey's living was in his sheep, and that Higher combe was only the pony on which he rode to look after them. (Cheers.) Mr Baker then rose, and requested Mr Dnffield to repeat the words again, which he having done, Mr Baker distinctly denied having ever made use of any such lan guage in reference to Mr Anstey. ? / ' Mr Duffield said he could prove bis assertion, but this was neither the time nor place. Ue then went onto speak of the charges tbathad been. viade against Mm by Mr! Anrtey, bftartety, mtaqawentatiMi, md undue influence— «11 whi* charges, however, Mr. Amtey bad, he war happy to say, retracted at a public meeting. ? ,,.,..' Mr Anstey here rose, and said it was aa atrocious falsehood ; he had never at any public meeting retracted any charges which he had made against Mr. Duffield. ' Mr Duffield said that at a meeting at Gumeracka he had asked Mr. Anstey to prove these charges, when he had said that though it was weU Known that he (Mr D.) had done such things, yet that he had done them so slyly and had whispered his influences ho cunningly into the ears of the electors, that it was difficult to prove them against him. There remained, then, nothing of the nature of evidence against him (Mr D), hut the letter of Mr Thomas Giles— a letter, the spirit of which he totally denied, though he admitted that he had had some conversation with Mr. Giles of the nature referred to in that letter. He would now conclude by hoping that the electors would show their love of freedom and the Voluntary principle, by electing Mr. Giles. (Cheers.) Mr. Abraham Shannon then rose to nominate Mr. Anstey. He would not attempt to follow the preceding speakers through all their remarks, for he had lost his pencil, and could not take notes — (cheers and laugh ter)— but one thing had been said by the proposer of Mr Giles which he must notice. He had said that they were to decide where a man's heart was by finding out where his treasure was. Now, if this criterion were to be applied to Mr. Giles, he thought that his treasure, or his interest, which in this instance was the same thing, would be found in the South Australian Company's monopoly. (Cheers, amidst much interruption from Mr. Giles's supporters.) Mr. Moorhouse hoped they would give all parties a lair hearing. Again, it had been said that Mr. Anstey had never shown himself the Mend of the people or of the farmer. Now, it was well known that Mr. Anstey was the first man to raise his voice against the abominable provisions of the Road Act that bore so hard upon the farmers ; and he firmly believed that if his suggestions had been attended to they would have had a Koad Act that would have worked fairly for all parties ; and they would not have had the heart- burnings and squabbles they had had, nor the roads in the frightful state they were in at present Now, what was Mr. Giles doing during this time ? — why, he was acting as a Commissioner of the Central Board, and insisting on the provisions of the Act being carried oat A scene of much uproar, and interruption from Mr. Giles's friends, here ensued ; and,- order being partially restored, ' . ? Mr. Moorhouse again appealed to them for a fair hearing, and Mr. Giles, himself, hoped that his friends would not by their conduct disgrace his cause, but give all parties a fair hearing. Mr. Shannon then referred to the League and their doings, and said he had no objection to the League if they had only acted fairly ; but he maintained that they had not done so. They had attempted— and he was afraid, in many instances, too successfully, to frighten the electors on the Church Grant question, by the bugbear of & State Church and State endowments, and a tithe system, and all such non sense. Now, he maintained that if the question had been fairly, put to the electors, whether they would accept a small assistance in aid of their own efforts to establish iii the country districts chapels and religions institutions, they would all — certainly the large majority — have voted for it (Cheers, and cries ' of ' No, no.') Now,' Mr. Anstey had declared most emphatically on several occasions that he would only press the Grant if the people were wiUing to receive it — (hear, hear) — and would never think of attempting to carry it against the wishes of the people. (Hear.) Again,' it had been said that the Voluntary principle had ? succeeded. He em phatically denied that it had succeeded in the country districts where, in many instances, the preachers and the schoolmasters had been obliged to give up and retire throngh sheer starvation. (Much interruption again occurred, which was, after some time, quieted by the appeal of the Returning Officer.) If something were not done in the country districts, the state of morals would become still more frightful than it was at present; and the consequence would be that respectable emigrants would not come amongst them for fear of contamination to their families. He knew many instances in wbich respectable emigrants who had come here and gone into the bush, had written home lamenting in strong terms the want of religious instruction and the consequent depravity of morals ; and cautioning their friends in England from coming out here. (Cheers.) He would ask them, was it liberal or Christian-like to refuse to assist those who could not assist themselves ? (Cheers.) A Voice — Yes, we will assist them by voluntary subscriptions. Mr. Shannon — You will assist those of your own persuasion, who do not, perhaps, want it, but not others. He maintained that a thing of such public importance, from its bearing on public morals, ought not to be left to the whim or caprice of private individuals, but be undertaken by Government, which was bound to watch over the state of public morals. He concluded by saying that Mr. Anstey had shown himself the friend of the farmer, by advocating the Distillation Act, and by his opposition to the Impounding Act, whilst he claimed no pre-emptive right for the squatters. . ' . r Wo. Williams, Esq., of WalkerviUe, seconded Mr. Anstey's nomina tion, and in doing so said he was not going to make a speech, but it would be an eternal disgrace to the electors of Yatala if they preferred a man who was not a resident of their district, and was the rejected of another district, to a man who had been so long resident amongst them, who had never been known to have broken his faith with any man, and who knew all their interests — because his interests were identical with theirs. (Cheers.) Mr. Chamberlain here rose to make some remarks, when Mr. Moorhouse said that unless he were going to propose another candidate, he could not allow him to speak; that he might say anything he pleased after the show of hands. Mr. Chamberlain claimed a right, after the usage of elections in England, to be heard before the show of hands. (Much uproar.) Mr. Baker wished to reply to some remarks that had been made, and which reply, he thought, would have a great influence on the show of hands. (Uproar.) Mr. Moorhouse thought he could not permit it Mr. Giles thought it would be inconvenient, as well as irregular, to allow persons to speak before the show of hands. (Cheers.) Mr. Pearce claimed a right to ask questions as an elector. Mr. Moorhouse, however, denied the right until after the show of hands. - ' ' ? Mr. Giles was of the same opinion. It had not, he thought, been done at any other nomination. , Mr. Pearce contended that it had — at the . nomination for East Adelaide. . ? ? The Returning Officer, however, thought differently, and called on Mr. Giles, who rose amid loud cheers from his own supporters, and said they were met to exercise the noblest^rightaof Britons;— (cheers) \- but he feared from what he had seen there were' some men not dis posed to exercise that right in the proper spirit lie then stated that though he had received no formally signed requisition to come forward as a candidate, yet he had been requested to do so by some very respect able individuals in the district; and the manner in which he had been received justified' him in coming forward, and in a fair hope that he wonld be the successful candidate. (Cheers.) The reason he did not come forward before was, that he had sold all his freehold land, and his property was out at mortgage, and he had to call it in, in order to pur chase land, and qualify himself to be a candidate ; although there were at the time four districts calling upon him to come forward, as being the fittest man to represent them. ' A Voice^ — Was the Port one of them ? Mr Giles continued— He now came forward as the friend of the people, and the determined opponent of all priestly tyranny. (Cries of ' Ah, you are all there.') Yes, he was opposed to priestcraft of every kind; he would not, whilst he could raise his voice against it, suffer the priest of any sect — he cared not which it was, whether Church of England, Roman Catholic, Wesleyan, or Independent — to domineer over end dic tate to the consciences of the people. (Cheers and hisses.) He wonld not suffer his own minister to do it to him; and if he did attempt it, he would tell him that he was exceeding his duty, and that he had better mind his own business. (Cheers.) But bis ministers were wiser than to attempt any such thing. They knew their people would not put up with such a gross presumption and flagrant assumption of authority. He would|for a moment refer to their late candidate, Mr. Hanson. Had it not been said that he (Mr. Giles) would sell them as Mr. Hanson had done ? He bad beard .two stories— one was, that Mr. Hanson had given a pledge, unqualified by any condition, that he wonld not accept an office under Government The other was, that Mr. Hanson had qualified his pledge by saying that if he did accept office he would resign his seat Mr. Baker— He never qualified his pledge. Mr. Giles — If the former statement were true, he could not approve of Mr. Hanson's conduct If the latter, he did not see that Mr. Hanson was to blame. However it might be as to Mr. Hanson having sold them, one thing was certain, he (Mr. Giles) wonld not sell them. A Voice — That's right, old boy; blow your own trnmpet Mr. Giles did not want to blow his own trnmpet He would appeal to the majority of the electors — to all who had known him for fourteen years — to the officers of the South Australian Company who had served under him — to say if they thonght it Ukely he would sell the electors.. He was not sent out to this colony by the Company with any such objects, hut to do justice between the Company and the colonists; which he maintained he had ever done. (Cheers. and hisses.) It had been said that he was paid for being a Road Commissioner. Now, he would appeal to Mr. Baker to say if the Commissioners or members of the Central Road Board were paid. - Mr. Baker would say that they were not He would also take the opportunity of saying that Mr. Hanson had given his pledge not to accept office without any qualification attached to it (Hear, hear.) -' Mr. Giles continued — The only time he was ever paid was at Kangaroo Island thirteenyears ago, when be was made a Justice pf the Peace; but he had given the £50 allowed him to assist the cbnrches and chapels, that were then building in Adelaide— a little to each. (Cheers.) He then went on to contend that the enforcement of the Grant was a violation of the liberty of conscience, and of the pledge given at the foundation of the colony ; and enumerated the various wedges that had been inserted to make way for a State-endowed Cnnrch, commencing with the first wedge— the appointment of the Colonial Chaplain up through the other - two chaplains ; to : the State Grant ; and the appointment of a' Lord Bishop; to be followed, be supposed, unless the people prevented it, by other wedges in the shape of other Bishops, and His Grace a Lord Archbishop —(cheers) — for he saw they were getting their cathedrals ready. It mattered not, he contended, how little' or how great was the Grant ; the principle was violated as much by £1 as by £1,000. He went on to say that the Grant was not done for, and its re-introdnction depended mainly on whether Captain Ellis and Mr. Anstey should be returned. (Hear, hear.) He had been accused of being a tool of the League ; now this was absurd, for the League was a ghost— a shadow — (laughter) — so that, after all, they, were going to have for their representative the nominee of a shadow. He did not pretend to be an eloquent man, nor a talented man; but he had common sense, and in forty words would . smash all their eloquence if it did not come to the point. He then proceeded to state his opinions on the various snbjecti of the franchise, education, the ballot, Impounding Act, &c;, which did not vary from his statements' at other places which have been already re ported. He referred to the charge against Mr. Anstey on the subject of the right of pre-emption, quoting from the report of a speech of his in the Times of April 12th, and made much the same remarks on it as he' had done at WalkerviUe, Gumeracka, and other places. He con cluded by hoping that the meeting would give Mr. Austey a fair hear ing, and not suffer themselves to be prejudiced against him by any state ments that had been made, if Mr. Anstey could refute them, w prove them incorrect Mr. Giles then sat down airid loud cheers. Mr. Anstey claimed of the electors a fair and impartial hearing, as his only wish was that the election should depend upon the force of argu ment, and not. upon trickery or misrepresentation of any kind. (Cheers.) He need scarcely remark that, having to follow Mr. Giles and his proposer and seconder through all the extraneous matter they had introduced ? in their speeches, whatever he had to say mnst be extemporaneous. lie was particularly grateful to Mr. Giles for begging them not to be prejudiced against him by any statements that might have been made to his (Mr. Anstey's} disadvantage. He felt the more grateful for it, since Mr. Giles's proposer had indulged in a tissue of malicious falsehoods against him— (much uproar and con fusions—and not only had.they been guilty of snch conduct, but even Mr. Giles himself had followed in their wake, and deliberately in bis speech attributed to him (Mr. Anstey) opinions which Mr. Giles must have known that he (Mr. A.) had over and over again emphatically denied in Mr. Giles's own presence and at other meetings, of which full and accurate reports had appeared in the papers, which Mr. fliles mnst have seen. (Cheers.) He had repeatedly declared in the most solemn manner that he claimed no right of pre-emption for the squatter, bat simply that he should be allowed to purchase a moderate quantity of land around his own homestead ; or if the voice of the people were against it, then a fair right of compensation for any improvements the sqnatter might have made. He had not in tended to have entered on any subject but the true bnsiness of the day, bnt so much rubbish had been dragged in and so many mean, unfair, and contemptible assertions had been made against him, that he felt compelled to notice some of them. For instance, a miserable attempt had been made to prejudice him in the minds of the electors by referring to him as a stranger and intruder from Van Diemen's Land. It was true he had come from Van Diemen's Land, but he was born and bred an Englishman, and he had spent more yearn in this colony than he had ever spent in Van Diemen's Land, tie thonght it no disgrace for a man to come from Van Dinmen's Land. Mr. Giles here rose to say that he could bew testimony to the res pectability of Mr. Anstey's family, and the excellent character of his father, whom he had known thirty years ago in England. Mr. Anstey was much obliged to Mr. Giles for his volunteered cha racter; but his father's character was too well known to ni-ed his testimony in favour of it. With what motive but a base one could this allusion to his coming from Van Diemen's Land have been made ? It was no disgrace, he would say, for a man to come from Van DiemenV Land, though there were many here who deserved to be sent to Van Diemen'B Land for their conduct. (Laughter and cheers.) Again, Mr. Dojfi.eU.had, accused him of having brought false and libellous cbarees -against him, and with During ittttettt UWB at \ a-pabHc meeting. He declared It to be a falsehood. He hadnever retracted anything that he tald about Mr. Duffield; and he at the present moment believed that all he had Bald of him was perfectly true. But what must they think of the veracity of the man, or of the braeen impertnrhabilHy of his countenance, who In the face of the men of Yatala, and in the face of his own letter to Mr. Thomas Giles, in which he admitted having out of Bpite used all his influence to procure votes for Hanson against him (Mr. Austey), could Btand forward and sar that he had never solicited, even legitimately, a single vote ? (Hear, and cheers.') With respect to the Auction Cotn panv all he could say was that he hod bwh fool enough some year* back'to be persuaded' to invest £200 in Ktich n Company; but nevef took anv part in their affairs, or knew any more of their doing* than that he lost his money. Mr. Giles had very potopously announced hiB political principles, supporting most of them with text* from Scrip* tnrc ? he was not going to follow him in this course, or profane the holv' words of that sacrtd volnme by dragging them in to Btipjwrt political doctrines. This, however, he would *ay, thft*i **'» tha e»* ception of those of education and the State Grant, he had been flrtt to announce them, and that Mr. Giles, as we' ,a\ ^r *J» candidate, Mr. Hanson, had only followed In his (Mr. AnsUyV) wake. - He was before them in announcing his determination to havefrMckU* of the most extended kind. He, too, had proclaimed his determination to support the vote by ballot ; and if he needed anything to confirm him in his views on that subject, the doings which ho had witueised during the late elections wonld be sufficient. He was the first to speak agalifst that monster grievance to the farmer— the Distillation Act ; and what Mr. Giles had spoken of as a new discovery made by himself— the etm resulting from the Impounding Act— he had two years and three moaUut since denounced as an abominable grievance, and had by hit urgent representations to the Governor on that subject, as well as on the Road Act, earned for himself at Government House the name of a busy, intermeddling, troublesome fellow. (Choera.) ? And though lie had refused to carry out the provision* :, of that Act after he found that the Government was dealing In a doable manner with him on it, yet that Road Act was still in force, and not withstanding all the abuse that had been heaped on him renpectlnjj it, a rate had been made; and was now beini? collected in that district under the abominable provisions of that Act (Cheers.) On all theso subjects, then, Mr. Giles could only do aa Mr. Hanson had done before him, and say ditto to him (Mr. Anstey). (Cheers aud laughter.) Ho would not pretend to qnote Scripture with Mr. Giles ; but he would say what they knew to be true — that he was a man of his word, and he had spoken out his sentiments. If therefore they took him, they would take him with their eyes open. He now would touch on the two points on which he and Mr. Giles differed. The first of these was education; and he thought Mr. Giles had shown con siderable elasticity of conscience, much more than any which ha , (Mr. Anstey) could lay claim to— and he must say his opinions were very different from those of his sect, the Baptists and Independents, in Eng-' land. Mr. Giles had at first been for having only a purely secular edn tion, without any admixture whatever of religion in it; but recently he had brought himself to allow that a chapter of the Bible might be read to the children without note or comment But ho would ask any man of sense what good could be hoped from reading to a young child out of a book containing so many difficulties for even matured and educated minds, without any explanation? (Hear, hear, and cheers.) Mr. Giles had said, as well as Mr Hanson before him, that 'the child must be taught his religion at his mother's knee.' But supposing the mother unable or unwilling to instruct the child, was the child to be left to the mercy of the wilds and Mr. Giles? (Cheers.) He maintained that it would be as cruel to deny the parent the means of having assistance to eductte his child religiously, as to make a law that there should be no education at all. On the ?ubjoot of the State Grant, one would think, to hear Mr. Giles speak, that he believed that he (Mr. Anstey) was an advocate for forcing It on the people whether they would have it or no. Now, Mr. Giles must know very well, from cojk ? venations they had together, as well as from his (Mr. Anstey's) oft-, reiterated public statements, that he had no wish to enforce it if the people were against it Mr. Anstey then went into an able strain of argument to show that the voice of the majority had not been fairly ' taken on the subject— first, because the franchise was miserably too contracted ; and secondly, because the question had not been fairly and simply put before them, but had been mixed np with extraneous matters that had nothing to do with it, and imaginary evils that could never have an existence in this colony. There was one point to which he claimed their serious attention— it was this, that hid he been disposed to act an unfair part towards the electors, and consented to a proposal made to him by an agent of the League, he might have walked over the course. They had offered to allow him to go in without any opposition if ho would consent to give up the State Grant, which they said .he might do without injury to his constituency, since he might plead in excuse the result of the late elec tions showed that the majority of the people was against it He might then have gone in and snapped his fingers at the electors ; and nothing but the most rigid sense of honour could have prevented him from availing himself of the offer of the Leaguers, since, had he gone in, he might have turned round and voted for the Grant and his own supporters would not have grumbled at him, but been glad to see that he .was going to correct his errors; whilst the , League would have surely said nothing to him, for they would never have the face to complain of his breaking his pledge to them, when their mn minee, Mr. Hanson, had broken every mortal pledge which be had made to the electors. (Cheers and laughter.) In conclusion, he would ask their suffrages — and it was the first time he had asked for a rote — on two grounds. First, that he was the best exponent of the truly Li beral principle, since he would give education and aid for religion to those who were willing to accept it, and would not force it on those who were unwilling ; whilst hiB opponent went on the dog-in-the- manger principle of not taking it himself, and allowing no one else, however ranch they might desire it, to have it Here much interruption ensued; when Mr. Anstey hoped that the gentleman electors from the Port, but who were no electors of that district, and who had so often interrupted ' him/ would behave . themselves. . Mr. Anstey then continued — The second ground on which he would ask them to return him instead of Mr. Giles was, that Mr Giles came forward as the tool and mouthpiece of those very men whose late no minee, Mr. Hanson, had broken every pledge that he had made to the electors. And if Mr. Giles were twice as good a man as he was, they ought, as men, as members of society, as fathers of families, to mark by the rejection of Mr. Giles their reprobation of the conduct of any man who ventured .to break ? faith »n public matters, as the late nominee of the League had done ; for Mr. Giles was put forward by the same party, with the same pledges, and without the slightest apology- for the conduct of their late nominee : as though there was nothing wrong in his conduct,' and as if the electors of Yatala were supposed to be capable of any degree of gullibility, and of enduring, any amount of insult Mr. Anstey sat down amid loud cheers. The Returning Officer then wished to have the show of hands: bnt after much dispute consented to allow Mr. Pearce to ask Mr. Giles a question. ? Mr. Pearce then asked if Mr. Giles would support a petition from that district for opening up the North Arm? Mr. Giles really had not thought sufficiently on the subject to know whether' such a thing would be advisable ; and could not say what he would do, unless he knew some of the circumstances; but- if he eonld not support it, then he would resign his post He did not, however, be lieve that the interest of the Company and the electors of Yatala would, be antagonistic. Mr. Pearce said that was a shuffling answer. (Hear, bear, from seve ral parts.) ? ; ? -: '- Mr. Moorhouse though it was an answer, and Mr. Pearce moat be satisfied with it . , Mr. Giles said this man Pearce has been following tne from place to place, wherever I have been, and annoying me with question*.^ ?',* Mr. Pearce denied that he had ever been at any, meeting but that of Salisbury on the preceding evening. -. '' ? ^'v Mr. Umpherstone— Would Mr., Giles have the Government exclude religious education from the schools altogether? ' . , -.' Mr. Giles — Oh, no; there might be religious education on the' Sab- bath, but no State aid for it Mr. O' Sullivan then wished to ask Mr. Giles a question, when Mr. Moorhouse said— No, he was' not an elector; he could not speak. Mr. Reynolds then asked how Mr. Anstey c«uld reconcile the asser tion that Mr. Hanson had broken his pledges to the electors with his other assertion that lie was not legally elected t ' ,/ Mr. Anstey held that Mr. Hanson was morally and really elected by the majority of the electors, and therefore bound morally to his pledges. An elector wished to know if Mr. Anstey would support the petition for opening up the North Ann ? , , / ? ?- Mr. Anstey was ready to say that from all he had seen and heard' he thought it a pity that so fine a piece -of water should not be made available to the colony as a port; bnt he would not take an unfair advantage to influence the electors' votes against Mr. Giles, since 'Mr. Giles was placed in a very awkward position from his connection with the present Port He would, therefore, not say at present what he would do, bnt whenever, the subject came before him would give it due consideration, and be guided in his conduct respecting it by the merits of the case, irrespective of every other consideration. (Loud cheering.) . ? . Many other questions were asked Mr. Anstey, both by electors and non-electors — Mr. Anstey remarking that it was strange the Returning Officer did not interfere to prevent questions being put to him by non electors, as he had done with Mr. Giles. Not that he (Mr. Anttey) wished him to prevent questions being put to him, since he was them ready to meet all comers, and answer all questions, and hoped hi* oppo nents would nnbuckle and empty their budget The rain, which descended in torrents during the greater portion of the time of the questions being put and'answered, prevented our reporter taking them down in his notes. The show of hands was declared to be for Mr. Giles1 fty« con siderable majority. ????». Mr. Anstey demanded a poll ; observing that the show of hands was no criterion, since a large portion of those held up for bis op ponent were of non-electors brought up from the Port to swell tne show of hands against him, while not a single elector had held up his ' hand for him (Mr. Anstey). - Mr. Baker then came forward and stated that Mr. Anstey had been accused of having been present at a squatters' meeting at the Free masons' Tavern, when a memorial was drawn up injurious to the'fnte- , rest of farmers ; he denied that there wan anything injurious in that memorial to the farmer; bnt supposing then: -wan, how was It that nei ther Mr. Duffield nor Mr. Giles himself after him did not tell the electors that Mr. Giles was also at that meeting, as a squatter, and not only signed the memorial, but was the person who seconded its adoption at the meeting ? (Cheers.) It wa« true he had since sold all his sheep, or the Company's sheep, and had been suddenly converted from a farmer's enemy to a farmer's friend. Again, in the Impounding Act, Mr. Giles was formerly one of its strongest dvocates, and was the first man to put up pounds, and to pay for their erection and support in the Districts of Moonindee and Kanmantoo. fCheein.) Mr. Pearce denied that he had ever followed Mr. Giles about;. bat he knew that all the Company's officers and men that could be spared were sent up there to kick up a row, although they were not eleaton. Three cheers having been given for the Returning Officer and for Mr. Anstoy, the meeting broke up. . Landing of Mails at Holdfast Bay. — K ne sessity seems to exist for the Post Office again empowering joate to board vessels anchoring in Holdfast Bay, and au ;horizing them to receive their mails, as was formerly the jase. From the want of some such provision on the ooca iion of the recent arrival of the CoTMtitxttim, unnecessary rad inconvenient detention took place in the landing' and lelivcry of the mails brought by that vessel. The present Postmaster at Port Adelaide, Mr. Anthony, when ne was rfcttioncd at Glenelg, invariably boarded all incoming Ye» se«, even at a distance of some miles from the. shore, and jrought away the the mail-bags, and by that means the etters frequently reached town earlier by a day or? two :han could otherwise have been the case, when contrary svinds happened to prevail The Ovbelaxd Mail. — Information was for ivarded to the Postmaster-General by the Postmaster at Mount Gambier of the loss of the orerland mail from 6yd ley and Melbourne to Adelaide. The mailman had arrived it Mount Gambier, having lost the mail-bags at Fiery Creek, about 120 miles this side of Melbourne. . Destruction by Fike at Yankaulla. — We regret to learn that the farm premises, with all the stock of provisions, clothes, and' furniture belonging to Mr. Collins, a much- respected Wesleyan local preacher, were destroyed by fire at Yankalilla on the 4th inst, leaving the famUy.eptire ty destitute. Mr. Collins has for some time past been labour ing to establish public worship in the district, and has also endeavoured to, introduce a day-school ^ it is hoped that Mr, Oollins-'s. brethren will be prompt in their assisl^Sce to him in his calamity. We are happy to state that Mr, Col |ios himself with hw wife and ohfldTca eacj^od anhazti 