A POOR MAN'S TALE OF A PATENT. I am not used to writing for print. What working-man that never labours less (some Mondays, and Christmas Time and Easter Time, excepted) than twelve or fourteen hour a day, is ? But I have been asked to put down, plain, what I have got to say ; and so I take pen and ink, and do it to the best of my power, hoping defects will find excuse. I was born, nigh London, but have worked in a shop at Birmingham (what you would call manufactories, ,we call shops), almost ever since I was out of my time. I served my apprenticeship at Dept- ford, nigh where I was born, and I am a smith by trade. My name is John. I have been called " Old John" ever since I was nineteen year of age, on account of not having much hair. I am fifty-six year of age at the present time, and I don't find myself with more hair, nor yet with less, to signify, than at nineteen year of age aforesaid. " 1 have been married five and thirty year, come next April. I was mnrried on * All Poola' Day. Let them laugh that win. I won a good wife that flay, and it was as sensible a day to mc, as ever I lind." We have had a matter of ten children, six whereof are living. My eldest son is engineer in (he Italian stenm-pnekot ' Mezzo Giorno,' plying between Marseilles an I Naples, nnd calling at Genoa, L"phorn, nnd Civita Vccchia. Ile was a good woi le- mán. He invented a many useful little tljings that brought him in-nothing. I have two suns doing well at Sytlucy, New South Wales - single, when last heard from. One of my souh (James), went wild, and for a soldier, where ho was idiot in India, living s!x weeks in hospital, with a musket ball lodged in his shoulder-blade, which ho wrote with his rwn band. Uq was tho best looking. One of | my two daughters, (Mary), is comfortable! in her circumstances, but water on the chest. The other ("Charlotte), her husband run away from her in the basest, manner, and she and her three children live with us. The youngest six year old, has a turn for me- chanics. I am not a Chartist, and I never was. I don't, mean to Bay but what I sec a §ood many public pointstocomplain of,still I on't think that's the way to set them right. If I did think so, I should be a Chartist. But I don't think so, and I mu not a Char- tist. I read the paper, and hear discussion, at what we call "parlor" in Birming- ham, and I know many good men and workman who arc Chartists. Note. Not Physical force. It won't be took as boastful in me if I make the remark (for I can't put down what I have got to say, without putting that down before going any further), that I have always been of an ingenious turn, I once got twenty pound by a screw, and it's is in use now. I have been twenty year, off and on, completing an invention and per- fecting it. I perfected of it last Christmas Eve at ten o'clock st night. Me and my wife stood and let some tears full over the Model, when it was done, and I brought her in to tnke a look at. it. A friend of mine by the name of William Butcher, is a Chartist. Moderate. He is a good speaker. He is very animated. I have often heard him deliver that what is, at every turn, in the way of us working men, is, that too many piases have boen niatleiu the course of time, to provide for people that never ought lo have been provided for ; and that we have to obey forms and to pay fees to sup- port those places when ive shouldn't ought. "True," (delivers William Butcher), "nil the public has to do this, but it falls heaviest on the working man, because he has least to spare ; and likewise because impediments shouldn't be put in his way, when he wants redress of wrong, or furtherance of right." Note. I have wrote down these words from William Butcher's own mouth. W. B. delivering them fresh for the aforesaid purpose. Now, to my Model again. There it was, perfected of, on Christmas Eve, gone nigh a year, at ten o'clock at night. All the money I could spare I had laid out on the model; and when times was bad, or my daughter Charlotte's children sickly, or both, it had stood still, months at a spell. I had pulled it to pieces, and made it over again with improvements, I don't know how often. There it stood, at last, a perfect Model as aforesaid. William Butcher and me had a long talk, Christmas day, respecting of the Model. William is very sensible. But sometimes cranky. William said, " What will you do with it, John ?" I said, ¡' Patent it." William said, " How Patent it, John ?" I said, "' By taking out a Patent." William then delivered that the law of Patent was a cruel thing. Wil- liam said, "John, if you make your- inven tion public, before you get a Patent, any one may rob you of the fruits of your hard work. You are put in a cleft stick, John. Either you must drive a bargain very much against yourself, by getting a party to come forward before hand with the great expenses of the Patent ; or you must be put about, from post to pillar, among so many parties, trying to make a better bargain for yourself, and showing your invention, that your invention will be took from you over your head." I said, " William Butcher, arc you cranky ? You are sometimes cranky." William said, " No John, I tell you the truth ;'' which he then delivered more at length. I said to W. B. 1 would Patent the invention myself. My wife's brother, George Bury of West Bromivich (his wife unfortunately took to drinking, made away with everything, and seventeen times committed to Birmingham Jail before happy release in every point of view), left my wife, his suter, when he died, a legacy of one hundred mid twenty-eight pound ten, Bank of England Stocks. Me and my wife had never broke into that money yet. Kote. We might come to be old and past our work. We now agreed to Patent the invention. Wo said we would make a hole in it-I mean the aforesaid money-1-mid Patent the invention. Wil- liam Butcher wrote nn a letter to Thomas Joy, in London. T. J. is a carpenter, six foot, four in height, and plays quoits well. Helives in Chelsea, London, by the church. 1 got leave from the shop to be took on again when 1 come back. I am a good woikman. Not a teetotaller; but never drunk. When the Christmas holidays wore over, I went up to London by the Parlia- mentary Train, and hired a lodging for a week with Thomas Joy. He is married. He has one son gone to sea. Thomas Joy delivered (from a book he had) that the first step to be took in Ta, tenting the invention was to pi upare a petition unto Queen Victoria. William Butcher lind delivered similar and drawn it up. Koto, Williamis a ready writer. A declaration before a Master in Chancery was to be added to it. That, wo likewise drew up. After a deal of trouble I found out aJVIa3tcr in Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, nigh Temple Bar, where I made the declaration anti paid eighteen pence. I was told to take f he déclaration and petition to the Home Office, in White- hall, Where I left it to bo signed by the Home Secretary (after I had found (lie oflue out) and where 1 paid two pounds two and sixpence. In six days he signed it, and I was told to take it lo the Attor- ney-General's chambers, and leave it there for a report. I did so and paid four pounds four, ivjle, nobody, all through, ever thankful for their memey, but all uncivil. My lodging at Thomas Joy's was now hired for another week, whereof five days were gone. The Attorney-General niat.le what they called a llepnrt-of-coursc (my invention being, as William -Butcher hail delivered before starting, unopposed); and I was sent back with ii to the 1 lorne Office. Tliey made a copy of it, which was called a warrant. Por tltii warrant, I paid seven pound thirteen and six. It was sent to the Queen to sign. The Queen teni, it back signed. The Home Secretary signed it again. The gentleman throwed it at me when I called, and said, " Now take it lo the'Patont Ollico in Lincoln's Inn." I was then in my third week at Thomas Joy's, living very sparing, on account of fees. I found myself losing heart. At the Patent Office in Lincoln's Inn, (hey made "a draft of the Queen's bill," of my invention, and a " docket of the bill." I paid five pound ten and six for this. Tiley "engrossed two copies of the bill ; one for the Signet- Oflice. and one for the Privy-Seal Office." 1 "paid one pound seven and six for this. Stump duty over and above three pound. The en- grossing clerk of the same office engrossed tho Queen's bill for signature. I paid bim one pound one. Stamp duty, ugain, one pound ten. I was next to take the Queen's, bill to the Attorney-General again, and get it signed* again. I took it, and paid live pound more. I fetched it away, and took it to the Home Secretary again. Ile sent it to the Queen again. She signed it again. I puid seven pound thirteen and six more for this. I had been over a mouth nt Thomas Joy's. I was quito wore, out, patience and pocket. Thomas Joy delivered nil this, as it went on, to William Bulcher. William Butcher delivered it again to three Bir- mingham Parlors, from which it got to all the other Parlors, and was look, as I have been told since, right, through all the shops in the North of Knglnnd. Note. William Butcher delivered, at. his Parlor, in a speech, that it was a patent,way of making Chartists. Bul I hadn't nigh done yet. The Queen's Bill was to be took to the Signet Office, in Somerset House, Strand-where the stamp shop is. The Clerk of the Signet made " a Signet bill lor the Lord Ketipev of the Privy Seal." I paul him four pound, seven. The Clerk of the-Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal made " a Privy Seal bill for the Lord Chancellor." I paid him, four pound, two. The Privy Seal bill was handed over to the Clerk of the Patents, who engrossed the aforesaid. I paid bim five pound, seventeen, and eight ; at the same time, I ftaid Stamp duty for the Patent, in one ump, thirty pound. I next j^aid for " boxes for the Patent," nine and six-pence. Note.-Thomas Joy would have made the same at a profit, for eighteen'pence. I next paid " fees to. the Deputy, the Lord Chancellor's Purse bearer, ' two pound, two. I next paid "fees to the clerk of the Ilanaper," seven pound, thirteen. I next paid " fees to the deputy clerk of the Ilanaper," ten shilling* I next paid to the Lord Chancellor again, one pound, eleven and six. Last of all, I paid " fees lo the Deputy Sealer and Deputy ChafT-Way," ten shillings and six- pence. I had lcJged at Thomas Joy's over six weeks and the unopposed patent for my invention, for England only, had cost me ninety-six pound, seven, and eight pence If 1 had taken ¡tout for the United Kingdom, it would have cost me more than three hundred pound. Now, teaching had not come up but very limited when I was young. So much the worse for me you'll say. I say the same. William Butcher is twenty year younger than me. Ile knows a bundled year more. Tf William Butcher had wanted to patent an invention, he might have been sharper than myself when hustled backwards and forwards among all those offices, though I doubt if se patient. Note. William being sometimes cranky, and consider Porters, Messengers, and Clerks. Thereby I say nothing of my being tired of my life, whi c I was Patenting my invention. But I put this ; is it reaso- nable to make a man feel as if, in invent- ing an ingenious improvement meant to do good, he had done something wrong ? How else can a man feel, when lie is met by such difficulties at every turn. All in- ventors taking out a patent must feel so. And look ¡it the expense. How hard on me, and how hard on the country if there's any merit in mc (and my invention is took up now, I am thankful to say, and doing well) to put me to all that expense before I can move a finger. Make the addition yourself, and it'll come to ninety-six pound s ¿ven, and eightpence. No moro and no'less. What can I say against William Butcher about places ? Look at the Home Secre- tary, the Attorney-General, "the Patent Office, the Engrossing Clerk, the Lord Chancellor, the Privy Seal, the Clerk of the "Patents, the Lord Chancellor's Purse bearer, the Clerk of the Ilanaper, the De- puty Clerk of the Hanaper, tho Deputy Sealer, and the Deputy Chaff-wax. No mun in England could get a Patent for an India-rubber band, or an iron hoop, with- out feeling all of them. Some of them, over and over agnin,. I went through thirty-five slades. I began with the Queen upon the Throne. I ended with the De- puty ChalT-wax. Note. I should like to see the Deputy Chaff-wax. Is if.a man, or what is it? What I had to tell, I have told. I have wrote it down. I hope its plain -Not so much iu the handwriting (though nothing to boast of there), ns in the sense of it. I will now conclude with Thomas Joy. Thomassaid fo me when we parted' ' John, if the laws of this country were as honest as they ought to be, you would have come to London-registered an exact description and drawing of your invention-paid half a crown or so for doing of it-and therein (ititi thereby dave got your Patent.' My opinion is the same as Thomas Joy. Further. In William Butcher's delivering 'Ililli the whole gang of Hanitpers anti Chafl'-wnxes must be clone away with, and that England has been chaffed and waxed sufficien!,' I agree.- -Household Words. MllltDF.lt OF A Poi.ICDMAN.-TWO private soldiers of the 19th Infantry, named Andrew Daly, and John M'Farlane, have b»on brought home from India, in custody, and committed lo Bristol Gaol, to await their trial upon a charge of murdering, a few tlays before sailing from this country, a policeman of the Bedminster division of the Bristol Police, name 1 Pinuiiin. The oiictimsiaiiees under which the offence was committed were these. Tlio prisoners and a fellow soldier were, on the night of the 4th of May, 18-19, creating an uproar in Thomas-street, Bristol, by larking with some prostitutes and the constable, who w>is on special duty to keep the streets quiet, ordered (hem to go home. The gills obeyed, but the soldiers grew angry, and n«kt'd what business he lind to inter- fere ? anti on his telling them that he was a constable, and was ordered to prevent the inhabitants fiom being disturbed, M'Variant! said, "There's no harm in killing a policeman-let us murder the -." They then knocked him down and beat him with stifles, and one of them picked up a stone, or some other mis>ile, and struck him three or four times, rendering him insensible, and inflicting severe wound. The two men were taken into custody and charged with the assault, but it being stated that their object in entering the row was to get committed, and thus avoid going out to Ceylon, the Bristol magislintes resolved to defeat the plot, and handed them over to their officer. After they had sailed .the policeman grew wor-fC and dietl of his injuries, and a coroner's jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against them. In consequence of this, the Government sent an order for their return, and they have now been brought from India under arrest, and will take xheir trial for the capital offence at the next asäizes. A Wouo to Youno Mun.-" Wishing and sighing, imagining and dreaming of greatness," ssid William Wirt, " will not make yon great. But cannot a young man command his energies ? Read ' Foster on Decision of diameter.' That book will tell you what is in your power to accom- plish. You must gird up your loins and go to woik with all the indomitable energy of Napoleon scaling the Alps. It is your duty to make the most of time, talents, and opportunities. Alfred, King of Eng- land though he performed moro business than any of his subjects, nltvny3 found time to study. Franklin, in the midst of his labours, had time to dive into the depths of philosophy, am explore an untrodden path of science. Frederick the Great,- with tin.çnipire at his direction, in the midst of war, and on the eve of battle, found time to revel in the charms of philosophy, and feast on Hie luxuries of si ience. Napoleon, with Europe at his disposal, with kings at his antechamber, and nt the head of thousands of men, whose destinies were suspended on his arbitrary pleasure, found time to converse with books, And young men who aro confined to labour or business, even twelve hours a-day, may lake an hour and a half of what is left for study, and which will amount fo two months in the course of a your." The longer I live, the moro I am certain that the great difference between men, the great mid the insignificant, is energy-in- vincible determination-an honest purpose once fixed-and then death or victory. That quality will do anything that can be done in the world ; a"d n» talents, no cir- cumstances, no- oppot I unity will mnkc n man without it. Tur, Lim or a Oi-.ntixman.-Ile gets 1 up leisurely, breakfasts comfortably, reads the paper regularly, drosses fashionably, lounges fastidiously, cats a tart gravely, tattles insipidly, dines considerably; drinks supiiifitiuusly.'kills time indifferently, sups elegantly, goes to bed stupidly, lives use llessly. ' Burnt Moscow-It was both a strange and a horrible spectacle. Some houses appeared to have been razed ; of others, fragments of smoke-blackened walls re- mained; ruins of nil kinds encumbeied the streets ; everywhere was a horrible smell of burning- Here and there a cot- tage, a church, a palace, stood erect amidst the general destruction. The churches, especially by their many coloured domes, by the richness and variety of their con- struction, recalled the former opulence of Moscow. In them had taken refuge most of the inhabitants, di iven by our soldiers from the houses the fire had spared. The unhappy wretches, clothed in rags, a'ld wandering like ghosts amid the ruins, had recourse to the saddest expedients to pro- long their miserable existence. They sought and devoured the scanty vegeta- bles remaining in the gardens ; they lore the flesh from the animals that lay dead in the streets; some even plunged into the river for corn the Russians had thrown there, and which was now in a state of fermentation. It was with the greatest difficulty we procured black bread and beer ; meat began to be very scarce. We had to send strong detachments to seize oxen in the woods where the pea- sants had taken refuge, and often the de tachments returned empty-handed. Such was the pretended abundance procured us by the pillage of the city. We had liquors, sugar, sweetmeats, and we wanted for bread and meat. We covered ourselves with furs, but were almost without clothes and shoes. With great stores of diamonds, jewels, and every possible object of luxury, we were on the eve of dying of hunger. A large number of Russian soldiers wan- dered in the streets of Moscow. I had fifty of them seized, and a general, to whom I reported the , capture, told nie I might have had them shot, and that on all 'future occasions he authorised me to do so. I did no1 abuse the authorisation. It will be easily understood how mauy mishaps, how much disorder characterised our .stay in Moscow. Not an officer, not a soldier, but could tell strange anecdotes on this head. One of the most striking is that of a Russian whom a French officer found concealed in the ruins of a house ; by signs he assured him of protection, anil the Russian accompanied him. Soon, being obliged to carry an order, and seeing another officer pass at the head of a de- tachment, he transferred the individual to his charge, saying hastily-" I recommend this gentleman to you." The second officer misunderstanding the intention of the woids and the tone in which they were pronounced, took the unfortunate Russian for an incendiary, and had bim shot. BlachcooiFs Magazine Admiration or Fatnfss inKbrkv.-A quarter of a mile farther on from this piece of engineering, the adventurous tourist is brought to a stand by a roaring mountain river-some sort of a bridge across which should have been thought of before the making of mail- coach roads across tho bog White attempting lo find or force a way cross, livo natives on IioiMebx-ik rode down upon us from the other side,shouting warnings-and ultimately wo got across on one of the horses. One of the men, who were brothers, could speak English, and forthwith began to express the wonder and admiration with which he and his brother regarded a somewhat stout friend who ac- companied us, " And faith, it's you that's the fat gintleman !-I never seethe like! it wasn't the yellow male (Indian-corn meal) that did that !" Our fat friend began at last to feel a little uneasy under this species of admiration, especially on having recalled to his recollection the story of the traveller, who, in a country that could scarcely seem move savage and was cer- tainly less famished than this, discovered in the evening that the natives, in the lau- dations with which they had been de- lighting him during the day, had been re- garding him solely in a culinary and edible point of view. The admiring native asked what country we carne from, and on being informed that we carne dom Scotland (between which and England lie evidently knew no distinction), rc|ïlied in effect that in that case we would be quite well acquainted with the Marquis of Lansdowne (his landlord). On getting him to understand that the Marquis had not taken advantage of his opportunities in that respect, he seemed rather amazed. We learned from him, what we found con- firmed by the unanimous testimony of the district, that the Marquis is an excellent landlord over his vast territories here, al- though he had been only once in the country, and that when he was very young. We surmised, from the tenants conversa- tion, that he infers the marquis to be a sublimely fat gentleman (which, we be- lieve, is a very great mistake), and that his notions on that score had been magni- fied by learning that the marquis was a person of more importance than even the fat gentleman who that day was honouring the country with a survey. That fatness is rare and admired, or at least marvelled at in these districts, we had other evidence. Some days afterwards, in a glen almost as wild, the remarks of an English-speaking young man were called forth by the same object—but to him the spectacle was not so entirely new. People could not get that way in the country, he said, but they did in the towns, as he knew from having once gone to Dublin, in the hope of getting into the police, where he saw people 'stick big out like that,"—measuring an alder manic diameter on a fishing-rod, with a look of something like awe.—Correspond- ent of the Scotsman. The following curious statement of the gradual loss hy Spain of her colonial possessions has appeared in a Madrid journal :-" The Spanish dominions once occupied an eighth of the know« world Our country has been the greatest of the globe, and in the days of its splendour, neither the gigantic cm pile of Alexander, nor the vastness of that of tl'e present Czar, could be compared to it The sun never set upon our territory, which contained 80,000 square leaRues and 60,000,000 inhabitants. Of so much richness and power we have lost more than two-thirds in the course of a couple of cent ti i íes. In 1565, we ceded Malta to the Order of St. John. Frtinco after- wards took possession of ii,and ultimately the English. In 1620, Louis XIII. in- corporated Lower Navarre and Beam with Prance. In 1049, our Government if cognised t'le conquest of Roiisellon, made by the same monarch. In 1640, Por- tugal emancipated herself, willi all her I raiisallantic possessions. In 1581, we be- gan losing the Netherlands. In 1648, they made themselves independent. The Eng- lish took from us, in 1G2G, the island of Barbadoes; in 1C55, Jamaica; 1704, Gibiallar; 1718, the Lucayas ; \7M, Dominica; 1797, Trinidad. In 163.5, the French made themselves masters of Mar- tinico ; in 1C>>9, ol'(»remida; in 1G8Ö, of Guaduloupc; in 1697 we shared St. Do- mingo with France. In 1821 we lost our half. In 1790 we abandoned, Oran, after the earthquake. In 1791 we ceded our rights over Oran and Mazalquivir to Mo- rocco In 1713 we ceded Sardinia to the Duke of Savoy. Parma,Placentia, Lucca, and other districts in the north-of Italy, wore ceded to princes of the reigning family. In 1759 wo lost Naples and Sicily, in consequence of the Infante Don Charles selling them to occupy the Spanish throne. In 1800 wo ceded Louisiana to France, and in 1819 Florida to the Americans; and. lastly, tho South Ameri- can colonies emancipated themsolves, by turns, from 1316 to 1824." Mbasurino tub Dimensions of Atlan- tic Waves.-Then there wns a monster in British form actually on deck-not braving it was said, but tempting the storm to sweep him into eternity. Ile astonished even the ship's officers. The cook did not hesitate to venture a-strong opinion against the sanity of a man who might, if he chose, be spugly ensconced in the cabin out of hai m's way, but would remain upon deck, in momentary danger of being blown over- board. The cook's theory was nat ill sup- ported by the subject of it ; for ho was con- tinually placing himself in all manner of odd places and grotesque postures. Some- times he scrambled up on the cuddy-roof; then he rolled down again ou the saloon deek; now he got himself blown up on the paddle-box; that was not high enough for him, for when the vessel sank into a trough of the sea, he stood on tip-toe trying to look over the neaicsl. wave. A consultation was Jield in tho cuddy, and a resolution was unanimously passed that the amateur of wind and water (which burst over him every minute) was either an escaped luna- tic or-a College Professor. It was re solved nenu con. that he was the latter ; and from that moment nobody was sur- prised at anything lie might choose to do, even while the Hibernia was labouring in what lli3 mate was pleased to call the most "lively" manner. The Professor, however, to the disgust of the sufferers below, who thought it was enough to feel the height of the waves, without going to the trouble ol' measuring them, pursued his observations in the face of the contempt of the official conclave above mentioned. * " That his investigations may be the more readily impressed on the reader's mind, we con- clude with a summary of them. It would seem from Dr Scoresby'» intrepid investi- gations, that, the highest waves of the At- lantic average in altitude forty-three feet ; mean distance between each wave five hun- dred and fifty-nine feet ; width from crest to crest six hundred feet ; interval of time between each wave sixteen seconds ; velo- city of each wave per hour thirty-two and a half miles.-Dickend a Household Words. WnsLKYAM Metropolitan Chapuls. The Wcsleyans have shown what may be done by union ; large sums of money have been raised, and a number of chapels have been built, which, if not entitled to un- qualified praise, mark an era of no slight 'importance in Methodist architecture. We will mention a few in London and its neighbourhood. Poplar Chapel is of the Decorated style, 105 "feet long by CO feet wide; is built of Kentish ragstone, with Caen s-one diessings ; will seat 1,500 per- sons, and cost about £4,000. The how North-ioad «Chapel, Hoxton, is Anglo Norman in style, and is 85 feet long, in- cluding the vestries by 5-2 feet wide, it is built of brit-k and Hal li stone: will ac- commodate l,_00 persons, and cost £3,700 The chapel of St John's-sqitare, Clurkcn well, is built of bride and Bath stone; is 78 feet long by GO wide ; will accommo- date 1,300 persons, has a school room, &c.; and cost £4000. Jewin-slrcct Chapel' is early English in style, 68 feet by 52 feet; seats 1,100 persons; is built of white brick and Balli stone, and cost £2,700. The Islington Chapel (in the Liverpool road) measures 90 feet long hy 54 feet wide, and will accommodate 1,500 persons. It is built of Kentish rag and Bath stone; is in the decorated style, and cost about £6,000.-Builder. The Manchester Examiner states that 351 marriages took place in the parish church of Rochdale, in the six months end- ing Christmas last. Connected with these marriages there were required 1,404 signa- tures ; out of this number only 130 wee in the handwriting of the parties the re- maining 1,274 being signed with across, finis showing that only one in ten of this number were able to write their [names.' The itinerant musicians of London are estimated at 1000, and the ballad singers at 250. A keeper of a penny peep-show told the correspondent of the Chronicle, that he took more from children than grown people in London, and more from grown people ihan children in the country. " You see," he said, " grown people has such remarks made upon them while they're a-pecping through in London, as it makes it bael for i » ns boro _ c___^_:^_____?^t_i«g__-B7*'yBrf,-*HvagE3a 