CRIME AND IMMORALITY. Op late some of our public journals have teemed with the most fearful accounts of the extensive ramifications of depravity and immorality in this city ; accounts which we can well believe to be true.' Under the smooth surface of society a fearful amount of depravity lies concealed, affecting our social condition in a most alarmiug degree, and spreading its baneful influence amongst our youth of both sexes, beyond what may be generally sup posed. It may be naturally asked how is it that with increased means of education, with greater facilities for religious worship and instruction, than existed in past years, how is it that vice should thus be making its inroads upon us, and be inundating us on every side ? The question may puzzle some, but its solution is not difficult. It is because lat terly vice has become fashionable, and voluptuous ness has found patronage in high places. When those who, from their station, skoulc; be bright ex amples of every virtue to the people around them, become instead the patrons of every low vice and vulgar sport — when they seek for pleasure only in sensuality and wine, is it to be wondered at if the people, or some of them, become infected with the moral virus, and depravity, filthy and disgusting, ventures boldly to shew itself in our streets ? We have heard of things we dare not publish, not from a fear of any consequences which might follow, but from very shame to pollute our columns with such foul, such filthy, such disgusting recitals. In such a state of things what is to be done to repair the evils which have been already inflicted, and to prevent the infliction of still greater evils ? We candidly confess that we know of no effectual means. The voice of public opinion it is true is powerful and frequentty efficacious, but we fear that in this instance it will not be so powerful as it ought to be ; nevertheless it is our duty; painful though it- may be, to speak out boldly on this sub ject, and we shall not fail to do so. We apprehend the publication of a few well authenticated facts might have the effect of causing the idle and dissi pated to be at all events a little more cautious, and not to exhibit their hideous depravity in so un blushing and public a manner as they have done heretofore ; we shall endeavour to collect' a few such facts. Alas ! we are afraid the task will not be difficult, — and we shall lay them before the public. It cannot longer be endured that men, because they happen to belong to the privileged class ; men wallowing in idleness, and fattening on the labour of the people, drones merely in the social hive, should with impunity insult and put to shame the sober minded and respectable citizens. Neither rank nor place, neither age nor youth, must longer screen such men from the just scorn and indigna tion of a virtuous community. Great eyils require strong remedies to cure them ; and in this case, however severe may be the remedy, whatever may be the consequences ensuing, it must be applied. To talk, as has been done, of the "superior go verning portion of society," providing the remedy is to utter nonsense, and to disguise the real. facts. A great deal of the evil of which we are com plaining is to be found amongst the " superior go verning portion " of our colonial society; this is the root and source from which a vast amount of the immorality of which we complain springs ; it is therefore absurd to talk of the remedy coming from the same quarter. It is a well known fact that in all countries, the " superior governing portion " has always a vast influence on the minds and habits of the people, whether for good or for evil. If that portion is vicious and polluted, those who belong to it have such op portunities of gratityiug their evil propensities, and are usually so safe from the punishments which would fall upon the members of other classes of society, that they are comparatively safe in the pursuit of their unlawful desires, and iniquitous propensities. They, however, must be made to feel that they are not above the people, and (hat however exalted , may be their station, however ' ample may : be their means of gratification, they are ! still amenable to the tribunal of public opinion, and ; liable to the just punishments inflicted by public in- ! dignation. We for one shall not forget this matter, j what we know we shall remember ; we shall pro bably learn more, and if the delinquents do not re form their ways, they may expect to meet with punishment. Police Spies.— We observe by the report of an assault case at the Glerkenwell Office that the Police have again been set as spies upon the Char tists by the Commissioners. We do not enter into the wisdom of refusing them admittance, still less upon the propriety of striking them when they insisted upon it. We conceive the irritation, though Ave do not justify the style of repulse. But Ave do protest against such interference by such parties, and on such orders. What have the Commissioners of Police to do Avith politics? We pay them and their subordinates for due security of person and property, in the strict municipal sense. They have no right Avhatever to meddle Avith anything else. If the Home-office, or the Cabinet in general, desire to be informed of the sentiments of any class of the people, let them send intelligent observers. It is doubtless Avise to do so. Much Avrong is done through an ignorance of the Avants and feelings of the humblest. But the Police is not to incur the hatred of becomiug a political instrument. All citizens should be interested in aiding it against criminals and laAAr-breakers. The poorest should look up to it for due protection and friendly help. As a constitutional truth, it is unbearable if it is to be made a political machine of spy service. Great as are its merits in other respects, we should join in repudiating the purchase of its help at such a price. We have no desire for a standing army in the perpetrating Avorse and meaner tyranny than any standing army in red has ever done. Let the Commissioners keep to their proper office, and restrain their men to the same functions. We heard nothing of their intercourse Avith JoAvler or ChoAvler, the Duke of Richmond and Co., Avhen they Avere hyper-treasonable. It Avili not do to set these instruments of mere restraint upon the hum blest, and leave the highest unpoliced. The un popularity of the Force is Avearing aAvay. Why provoke an addition to the evil? Why revive the hateful memory of 1348, disgraceful to all the authorities concerned? The Avhole efficiency of the body in its legitimate Avork, depends upon keeping to that alone, and winning the assistance of every ene, high and low, to the cause of civil order Avhich it represents. This blue dragooning is most disgusting and offensive ; Ave hope Ave shall hear no more of it. What a Government may fear from Chartism Avill not need the repression of one constable's staff. Let not a more serious danger be provoked in the just indignation of- more en- lightened Liberals.- — Dispatch. The Monster Globe.— We stated some time since that a monster globe Avas in course of con struction by Mr. Wyld, M.P., for the Exhibition. We understand that considerable progress has been made in its preparation. The mountains Avill be in relief, the regions of ice will be shown in all their dazzling rainboAv tints, and the eternal snow-line marked upon the giant mountain ranges. The courses of great rivers will be seen like threads of silver, the knoAvn volcanoes Avill be marked by bright red lights ; the proportion of land to Avater, and population to territory, and the great trade districts and lines of commerce, the latter marked by moving ships, will be observable at a glance. The globe will be fifty-six feet in diameter, made on ribs of zinc, each circle in four compartmens, socketed together with copper. The expense of the globe, independent of the staircases and gal leries, will not be less than from £4,000 to £5,000. The Installation of Cardinal Wiseman Avill, it is rumoured, be gone through in private, Avith closed doors, for the purpose of avoiding the annoyance anticipated on the part of those' Whom curiosity would lead to Avitness it. Indeed the induction would have taken place during the past week, but . i there are certain advices from Rome to be brought over, prior to the enthronement, and to receive which the Rev. Dr. Doyle departed l'or Belgium at an early hour on Tuesday morning, Avhere he is to be met by the Pope's messenger with dispatches. — Weekly Dispatch, Nov 24:. ' ; The Great Sale at the Britannia Bridge. — The sale of the immense surplus materials of the Britannia Bridge, and which is being attended by a very large number of buyers and bidders from all parts, commenced on Tuesday morning, amidst a storm of Avind and rain such as has not been witr nessed in the locality for years past. The spring tide Avas raised by the gale to an unusual height, overfloAving the banks of the Menai, and the spray Avas carried by the storm, in one incessant cloud,, beneath the arches of the bridge. It was some time before the subsidence of the Avaters enabled the purchasers to occupy the ground, but soon after the auction commenced Avith great spirit, the articles realising fair prices, and consisting of enor mous bulks and quantities of timber, workshops, offices, sets of stages, fire-engines, and iron by tons on tons. The first day's sale consisted of 258 lots. On Wednesday, the second day's sale, there was a very good attendance, and the prices Avere better than on the previous day- There Avere 250 lots, consisting of the ten-inch ropes and haAvsers, from 100 to 200 fathoms in length, manufactured ex pressly for the bridge by the London and Liverpool makers. There Avere several of Carter and Kisbee's life-buoys, anchors of from 5 CAvt. to 1 5 CAvt., cable stoppers, capstans, boats and hundred-Aveights of chains. The proceeds of each day's sale are esti mated at upwards- of one thousand pounds. On Thursday the most valuable articles, such as the hydraulic presses, chains, &c.;, were brought under the hammer by Messrs. Churton, of Chester, the auctioneers. The sale is one of the largest of materials that , has probably ever taken place in this country.— v -Dispatch, Nor. 24. The Dead of 1850.— The year 1850 has been remarkable so far for the death of notable persons. Among them Ave \uay notice those of the President of the United States, and ex-King of France, the Emperor of China, the President of St. Domingo, the Duke of Cambridge, Sir Robert Peel, one of the most distinguished Prime Ministers England ever had; John C. Calhoun, one of the oldest senators in the United States ; Sir Francis Jefffy, the masterly critic ; WordsAvorth, the poet laureate ; Neander, the able defender of Christianity ; the Rev. Dr. Judson, the venerable American Baptist Missionary ; Margaret S. Fuller, the vigorous Ame rican essayist ; Jacob Hays, High-Sheriff" of NeAv York, and a "terror to evil-doers," for over half a century ; and a host of others of less mark. A man fell down in a; fit in a church, at Lincoln, on Sunday Aveek. A general panic ensued, the people rushing to the doors under the impression that the building Avas on fire ! The Stamford Mercury says, " The opinions Avhich some of the congrega tion entertained of the cause of the disturbance illustrate the ignorance Avhich yet prevails among the loAver classes. One Avoman, upon being asked Avhat Avas the matter, declared that she thought the Pope's 'bull,' Avhich she had heard had reached London, had got into the church; another declared that she had seen an evil spirit enter the edifice ; and a youth, who heard some one say, c It's Man ning' the name of the officiating, curat ej, reported to a person near him that the ghost of Manning, the murderer, had appeared.5' "'Hiring" Sera'ants. — The provincial papers usually complain of the disgraceful scenes that 1'olloAV the public hiring of servants, but the prac tice is too convenient to be abolished. ' The ac counts conjure up the picture of an American slave-market. At Stockton orr Wednesday, (aac are told by the Darlington Times,) the Martinihas hiring was held on the same day as " the sale of cattle." The result was the most unsatisfactory. " The very fcAV yards of ground allotted as standing room ior the servants of both sexes, and the masters and mistresses seeking to engage them, hedged in on all sides with stalls for the sale of various Avares, with barely a passage to and from the cross ; immediately around which a mass of human beings Avere literally Avedged together'for hours, Avithout any thoroughfare being kept open between them and the stalls ; so' that what Avith the questioning and ansAvering of the masters and men, and mistresses and maidens, the horrid screeches emitted from an old fiddler's clumsy in strument, the discordant bawiings of sundry ballad singers, Avho Avere intermixed with the croAvd, and the strong-lunged auctioneers, Avho were noisily pursuing their vocation at its outskirts, it was a Babel— confusion Avorse confounded " . 