The ¡Last Shot. lî* VK.VATOII. Whnover has not scoured the prairies, and stood beside tho giant lakes of the Transatlantic -world, has much that is wild and beautiful yet to gmo on -much that is adventurous and soul stirring still to make acquaintance with. I had passed weoks on those wild prairies, the guost now of tho Ishmnclitibh Pawnee*, now of thoir brethren tho Aricaras, (or Ricaroes,) who die fiute with them tho palm of plunder on that <lo mtnblo territory. And, not vet weary of wan- dering, I now lay on the bright green turf, watching the' sun-ray's glitter on tho blue waiora of Lake Huron. How pleasant ure noontide hours when spout. Uko those, beneath tho shadowing boughs of the tall cedars, with tho breeze blowing around us cool and frosh from thé restless waves it has swept over, while tales of past prowoss, or wild adventure, wake plan» and wishes for tho future ! There were but three of us, and, whichever might represent the mental or physical portion, thc soul of our little party was certainly Leonard Wells, one 6f those happy being* whoso spirits seem all sunshine, and their thoughts all glad- ness. Not a shadow appeared to Tiavo over fal- ! lou across his path, or darkened thc fountain of I mirth and gaiety which seemed Inexhaustible within his bosom. And tho cheerful tones of lils voice, and thc inspiriting flash nf his bright blue eyo, haunted tho memory of the happiest hours of sport and bivouac in the minds of all who bad ever been his companion in such scenes. On my other hand loaned one of a totally dlflerent stamp -haughty and somewhat reserv- ed, yet earnestness i'self whon really interested. Merriton was content to smilo nt our gay com- rade's sallies, which he never omutatcd. And never had Leonard been more brilliant than on this day. Tale after talo was related <with un- flagging spirit and unfaltering tonguo, and anco doto and jest followed each other with almost startling rapidity. «. You appear very gay to-day," remarked Merriton, as our peal of langhtor at one of Leonard's best storios died away. " I feel so," was Ids reply ; .' Í never felt hap- pier than at this momoiit. Thora is a buoyancy of spirit which seems absolutely bounding with- in mo, and, like an inspirnd prlostoss, I cannot chooso but titter all tho wild nonsonso that risea&to; roy lips. Thor©," added leonard, pointing to whore tho.water dashod over a pointed rock, " tho foam dancing and glittering so brightly and gaily on tho waves there, is a trpo typo of mo." Norriton looked oarnostly. with a half amused, half mournful smile on our light-hearted friend, nnd scomod about to speak, but checked hlmsolf. The intention could not escapo Leonard's glance-" What "would you have said ?" he demanded.*.' " - . " 'Twas abad typo,'* said Norri ton carolossly ; " for tho foam quickly vanishes, atid leaven no trnco. . Yon had better-have choson thc sun . ray. which Bhinos equally bright on overy chang > int wave." Wella aprung to to his foot with a light laugh. ~^*What I havo said, I have said." ho answered -?folly; "and it cannot bo unsaid, even if like itthoso same priestesses, the inspiration were pro i«:pketic But hero we have wasted how many .. hours, Lucifer, tho princn of idleness, could 'toll1, I doubt not ! I f we do not bestir ourselves, we'shall have but a scanty cataloguo of deeds to . recount besiilo this evening's Arc." '.Ncrrlton and I wcre.nlroady on foot, and our eumrnone quckly brought to tho grassy bank tho bark oanoo, whioh floated near, in charge of a > Oanadianboy, whoiwas not only, bo.itkcopor, but gamekeeper,- for ho mounted guard over all 'beasts, birds, and little monators of tho deep that yielded life or liberty at our instance In a few -minute» wo.worn gliding over tho sunny watorM towards a large island, whioh Indian rumour tcuantcd with a deer of unusual sizo and saga . city, that had played tho artful dodger to several of thoir most experienced hunters. Tliere- would bo somo credit in putting an end. to .hi«* wanderings through the greenwood, and baths in thc' limpid lako ; so wo wore about to -pit our own genius against that of tho dcor. " Enchanted he ls. beyond a doubt," said Leonard : " and though ' dollars aro novpr too plentiful with'mo, I should have out up ono or ' two slugs, if I liad thought of it." " It is not too late," said Norri ton. No, no," cried Leonard, laughing. " My good ri flo must still bo content with his usual x fare.' Nothing 'over yet came in my way that * was proof against a leaden bultot. See there,'' he added, firing so rapidly that tho rino almost seemed diachnrgod by tho act of dropping it Into tho palm of bis hand, and tho black-hoad of a loon willoh had lain some forty yarda o If, tho ?only dark speck on tho bright waters, instantly disappeared,. ; " You may a» well throw down your rifle now," * -said Nerriton.'Wlth asnillo. " You know that tho loon is accounted a Manito, and my foro .. . fathers had a tradition that tho weapon which ?slew ono was cursed .tíntll sundown."-I. should have tnentlonod that Norriton was a descendant of nome nf tho wild; chiefs who once ruled tho western world. ' " Mnntto or not, I'vo spoilt his fishing," said . '. Wells,. reloading his gun ; " but' I'll soon show 'you that he has not reciprocated tho attention . tis to my, shooting. But you know I loro an old .legend of all things. Nerd ton-have you ono in .point?" . . » " 'llalf-a-dozon «it your servioc, but yo« shall luvro'lho.boat this evening." It so chanced, however, that Nerrlton's logend wae 'nevor told, at least to us. This,short dia- logue brought us to tho island, and every, otboi -, thought wai quickly banished by tho sight of thc '," glittering sand, on whioh tho tracks of tho doer ' vero both numerous and reooiit. Ho waa a . largo animal, tho footprints told itt oharaotors at plain as hunter over road. And now quietness, If not peace), was the or der of tho hour. Ncrrlton and Wells wore first' Tato shots, nnd nothing makes a man Sä partiou lar about tho quickness of his own oyo, and thc steadiness of his own hand, as such companion idiip. So that with tho forest lora that aeemoii to have como to Norriton in rightful inheritance .. from his ancestors, wo were no despicable fool ' (or tho wlllost denizen of tho wihlornoàs. '-, . " Thero," said : Norriton, pointing to tWo 01 .. three brnco of dcop holes drilling tho sand a . Jong intervals. " thoio . aro, tho 'froshost,¡ nm they donóte ; hts hoing at homo to reoolvo out ; visit- - Now for a gdots whore to find tho shad; \- '? dell, where ho is dreaming of tho sdppor wo. in t tomi.sha!I only bo a droaru. . But-wo woro not dostlnod to muoh trouhlo ot ' 'that'Booro ¡ for d*dn whllo Ho »poko an antloroi ' bend protruded through tho fringing busho somo fifty paco» off. ' . ... " Hush 1" whtsporod Wölls arid I in a orèatb ,,'î ,';',Th« .door was' evidently: unsuspicious of ou * ^'neighbourhood, and aflor gaslne quiotly for t ¿.'j jlis'w,, seconds on tho water, ho elnwly emerge ' ' from , tho leafy covo'rt. ? And a. Ano animal h ., cortalnly, looked, as ho stood proudly and grao o full» on tho smooth whito sands, moving tlowl ^ e hi» head with a stitoly air, a»-though fancying himself monarcli of all ho surveyed. , . . " Now. Gerald, to »co which of u» shall pnf a hullct into that kingly biish- raiigor," said Wells, taking steady aim' at tho dour, which ofT-Twl a larg« fair mark to lila rifle.- But in tho very instant lint ho fired, thc animal started back ns* if n(Triglitod, and tile ball flew idly by, merely grazing Iiis nostrils. Tossing his head wildly-in the air, the doer turned to" fly from his mortal foes ; but the re- port of my ri flo followed quick on Leonard's, and the graceful tennnt of the wilderness made one convulsive bound forward, then fell on tho sand, »truck by a bullet just behind the left shoulder. " A fine animal truly, you may thank the loon for hts coming to'yonr share. Gerald," said Nor- riton, as having put a speedy end to tho death struggle by drawing his knife acrosa the deer's throat, he stood admiring, to my great satisfac- tion, tho largo antlers and unusrtnl height from hoof to shoulder of my victim, nnd I wa» young enough-thou to think nota trifle of thc honour. " Confound the loon !'. cried Wolla. " But I am inuch obliged to you. Norriton, I can shoot in spite of.all tho. loons that ovor flew or swam. Do you soe thoso duaks,*' ho said, pointing to a flock of Rome dozen or so, that startled probably by our firing, were winging their flight to tho mainland, " If I do not bring down the leader, you shall call mo a loon myself." And in another moment tho bird fell lifeless into tho luke. Crack ! crack .' went other bar- rels, pon ring forth smoko and destruction, and the remnants of the little feathered band wheel- ed about again, nnd made for land, leaving half their numhor killed and wounded on the lake. Then out paddled Antoine, spaniel-like, to pick them up ; and while Nerriton stopped to count hoads, and superintend tho embarkation of tho deer. Wells and I plunged into tho dark forest which cast its broad shadow from shoro to shore. We intended to cut straight across the island ; but fow eyes or foot, save nn Indian's ever onr I ried their owner in a direct Uno through thc untrodden wilderness, nnd we wore beginning to think the island a vast deal broader than wo had suspected, when wo came suddenly on a sunny glade, where the thousand flowrots which decked tho greensward were free to gmo upon thc blue sky tho whole summer through. A graceful doer, with limbs so alondcr and taper- ing it scarcely scorned to tonoh tho earth, stood at tho farthest and of tho glade, snuffing the air as though it smelt danger in tho wind. " Now for another chanco," whispered Wells. But oro he could aim, tho agile creature came bounding lightly along tho glittering turf, little dreaming that deadly loos were hidden behind tho leafy screen of tho denso foliage which hung over the ground. As tho doer was. passing us, Wells fired, and instantly it dropped. There waa a slight convulsion of tho delicate limbs, and by the timo we reached it no knifo was neoded to givo tho finishing stroke tn its career. The bullet had passed through tho spino a littlo below whero it joins tho head, and death had foltowod fast upon it. \- " What was that?" exclaimed AVells, pausing In the net of measuring the dcor, whioh was full nine inches shorter than my own trophy of deer- stalking. Well might ho auk ; for so horrible nay, ter- rible a sound, I never beforo lind hoard, though my ears had greatly enlarged their experience in that respect on tho prnirios of tho West. Again, and again', that fearful yell rang through the woods,,filling tho air with tho most extraor- dinary compound of wild grief and furious rage that can possibly be Imnglned. " What con lt bo !" said Wolla again, hut in a low anxious whisper. An undefinable feeling at my heart forhado my answering. A torrent of wild, dreadful thoughts rushed on mo iti an instant, for but an instant's longer doubt was loft us, before half-a-dozen Indlnns sprung out of tho .woods close at hand, and springing on us, ere thero maa timo to think of resistance, dragged us a few yards amid tho fall'dark trees. And thero, beneath their wide denso branches,' lay on the unsunned turf an Indian, by whom knelt two others, endeavouring to staunch thc blood which was welling from bia eido. , . I glanced at leonard. He was doadly pale, and nn expression of intense anguish waB in lils countenance. Thon immodiatoly ono of our captors demanded, in the disfigured and muti- lated French, mingled with Indian, which forms tho usual medium of communication between the white and red mon " Whioh of tho palefaces did that 1 ' pointing as he spoke, to tho wounded man. " lt was 1 exclaimed leonard. " I did it unintentionally, unconsciously!-1 fired at the deer, and knew not any but ourselves were on tho Island.'' " Tho; palofnco is a skilful hunter,'1 B.iid the Indian bitterly, " ho shoots moro than ho aim« at. But thc rod blood sinks Into thc earth, it can drink white blood as easily." " You would not surely kill my friend, be- cause of this unfortunate accident?" I sahl anxiously; while Lonnard, unheeding thc threat, was bonding over thc wounded ludían, a prey to all tho wild regrets which ovor soizo on the author of so painful an occurrence " Ilearkon !" » lid tho Indian, who had al- ready spoken, and ono of his companions touchet Lonnard's arm, and made him rise to liston. " Hearken !-ls tho paleface a medicino ?'' i. e. doctor. " Would to God I wore lH cried Wc)ls ; " hov gladly would I givo my llfo, far less my utmosl care and skill, to Eave your friend !-- But I an ignorant- usoloss ns a child, except for ovil !" Tho Indian stepped nearer thc sufferer ; ant for a fow hccoiids ho and his companions con versed in thoir own tongue around tho woundei man, who appeared sinking into total insensi bility. 'But a powerful hunter kept his etroni grasp on Leonard's árm, lind, .his escapo wa impossible ; though ho seemed so overwhelms by tho shock ot seeing,.!. fellow-croaturc strncl down by hi« hand, that it might under o.'.hc circumstances havo been a difSoult mat tor t' excite him to tito attempt. . " Bofore tho riflo of tho paleface - spok through tho woods," said tho samo IndinnYtjtCc lng again to Wolla, " tho red hunter was strSu, as tho moose deer, and fleet an th« wild hors of tho prairies. Now ho is fallon to tho cartt a leaf torn from tho tree boforo summer is ha1 over, and loft to wither and to die. But th wind scatters abroad - tho leaves of tho whit roso as easily'-as of tho red, and tho Indian have said an Indian shall not dio alono." During tho Inst fow words, tho glowing oyc of tho assembled hunters had been.turned to ttl right; but tho ,stop whioh drow tho,m..wa's :tc light to attract my attention, absorbed aa it.wr by tho foarful intimation to whioh I- was liitoi lng. But tho speak or had scarcely, conclude whon Nerriton, to whom it seemed tho Indi« was known, stepped botwoon him and Luonar and replied earnestly . " Grief burns too fiercely In tho heart of On clicgwn.'and has inado him math Cnn tho blot of my friend All tho veins of Zaingnro, and mal him strong ngnln ? or can - tho tears shed by tl pnlofaeo women dry the oyes nnd comfort tl hearts of his mother and his squaw ? My youl friend is no magician to soo what is hidden fro his oyes-how should he know that my brothe wera In tho woods? Cheohegwa has n hoar lot him liston to it, and not tho bail spirit whii is whispering in his oars !" . Yes, Chochogwa Aa» n, hbnrtl" oitelnlmi tba Indian. " And it tolls him that tho sat blood flows in lils veins and thoso of Zalngni I and that tho same mother loved and nursed thc both. Shall ho go back and say to his moth« that her son foll by tho bullet of tho palofat and that Rattlesnake stood by nnd smiled, a said thal it was ''woll ? Go to ; my brotlio heart is moro whito than red, his voins aro f of snow, and lils father» forgot to tonch him li to talk to an Indinn." Yot Norriton was not to bo easily disoouragi but ploaded warmly, and nono could moro o quontly, for1 tho' Ufo' of Leonard, urging ovi posslblo argument to turn them from thoir pt ? poso of wreaking sö torrlblo a'rovongo on,< unfortunate and guiltless Mond. , I strove i utmost to aid hts otfortsf.bnt In vain', whllo Wi himself stood allotit and passive seemingly aim Indifferent to tho result of tito dtsousilon. But Norrlton's eloquence, .was wasted. 1 Indians woro inunovcablo ns tho Rocky Mot tains, and much moro' stern.; aod.appeals thoir morey, and to .tuoiç fear» .otnDrltlih vi geando, provod equally ..unavailing, > ior./tli vlllago» were far away on-, the Araorlcotxisldc tho lako, where our Yankee friends would i it difficult enough. to follow them to exact re trihution for the de/ith of one of their own "oiti zoni. far ICM Uko tho trouble of looking lt for, n " Britisher.'? So the rod. hunters held, nil throats, in contempt, and wore unanimous and conclusivo in th-ir.acnlenco that leonard should ho hold captive, .lils lifo dependent on that of Zaingnro, and to be. forfeited at onoe, should the wounded Indian die. j .*. Thorn is. death in his faco," muttered Ncr- j ri ton, in English. " I nev<;r saw a man look as i ho docs, and live." I " And Leonard so' young, to gifted, and hut ' now PO happy-must ho fall a victim to this neaursed spirit of revengo ?" I indignantly ex- claimed. .* Shall wo permit him to ho thus sacrificed ?" ." Wa aro but three against eight, and one an unarmed prisoner," roplted Ncrrlton briefly ; and he moved away, apparently unwilling to bo observed in nny conversation with me. Tho Indians, meanwhile, bad done all their forest skill suggested to aid their wounded com- panion. Hut that was little, and tho fatal bullet still remained, and was likely to remain, to in- sure his doath and that of Leonard. And now carno symptoms of a move-tho dying hunter was carried off, and Loonnrd lcd away, and I followed to the beach not a dozen yards distant, whore two canoes wero produced from beneath tho homlock boughs, which had sheltered them from tho san, and quickly launched, to bo loaded by n few bundles of fresh furs, and a quartered ¡ deer, drawn from similar retreat*. Then tho ' wounded man was placed in ono of the little j birchen bark shallops, and Wells directed to : step in. . . I ** 1 would go with my friend.*. I said to Choc- ¡ hegwa, who, in answer, signed to mo to enter tho other.canoo. On taking my place, I looked round for Ner- riton, but ho was not to he socn ; and with many a hitter malediction in my thought on the heart- lessness which could allow him to desert pour Leonard at such a moment, and that too when he was tho only ono whoso voice might have some weight with,our dark-minded companions, I watched tho bright sands and tall trees of tho fatal island disappoar across tho glancing waves. A couple ot hours brought us' to a beautiful bay, with grassy banks shelving down into tho waters, whioh were gleaming and glowing with tho gorgeous hues flushed over thom hy the sun- set sky. As we came near, the paddles of both canoos were held for a moment stationary, »hilo a mournful and heart-thrilling wail aroso on thc voices of thoir united crews. ' Scarco had it died nway, when another so like, it »eemod an echo but in shriller tones, carno from tito shoro ; and I then perceived that thrco dark bark wig- wams wore pitched among'tho trees,., which grow in wild graceful groups on tho skirts elf tho forest. Again tito paddles struck tho water, and with redoubled velocity, and a few seconds brought us to tho shore, whore four women were waiting, to roceivo tts. Hatf*a-dozon words in their own guttural tongue explained tho matter, and as the long melancholy howl again swept by on fomalo voices, it was easy to distinguish, by her wild gestures, the squaw who was so soon to bo a widow. . Ziiingaro was carried Into ono of tho wigwams, while Wells, carefully guarded, was assigned a place beside one of thc fires, which usually servo as centres of attraction. Leonard had not yet spoken to mc ; but as aloud cry of anguish in a wouian'B voice burst from the tent, he shudder- ed, and lookod up, saying " How dreadful it is to bo thc cause of so much sufforing !" .* Nay. Leonard !" I oxclaimod, " of.that you aro guiltless in ibo sight of God. and should bc in that of man. Tou should at this moment think most of your own safety,*' " If the palefaces tnlk,an Indian must liston," said one nf tho dark-visaged guards, thinking probably that wc were planning an escapo in English. But Leonard had no desire for conversation, but leaned back on the grass, his g.izo fixed thoughtfully on tho dark tent, with whoso suffer- ing inraato his own fate was so closely inter- woven. Hours passed on, thc daylight faded away, and tho stars shone brightly all over tho dark blue sky, and all over thc deep bluo lake. Shadowy forras flitted like ghosts in and out of tho wigwam ; tho Indians around us spoke to Í[ether in whispers now and then : and Cheo togwa carno occasionally from tho tent, and stood beside, thc fire, looking every time more darkly on Wells. It was an anxious time. How long ovory mo- ment seemed ! and yet I wished each ono had boon an hour, so that tho fatal ovont wo awaited could be deferred. Suddenly a fearful cry, half shriek, half yell, rovoaling beyond a doubt .what lind just happened, tnado mo start to ray feet. An expression of anguish shot across Leonard's features at tho sound ; but it was'eloquent with tho bitterness of wild, unavailing regret, not tho fear of death. Tho Indians around us rose, and so did Leonard when ho observed Chechegwa'a approach. One of tho hunters pushed tho burning logs with his foot, and tho bright glow of tho ore lit np tho scone distinctly. - ? The dead man s brothor came forward with a deliberate step until ho stood confronting Wells, His face was gravo arid stern. - but calm, as he said in n low deep voice " Zalngnro bas gono to tho land of spirits, to join the groat warriors of his tribe. Out his step is slow, and his brow is dark, for his pooplo and his brothers have- not avenged him.' Let tho paleface listen. It is night, lot him sleep in safety; an Indinn will not striko till thcro is light to see. .When tho morning comes. Che ohegwa's arm' will bo ready-tho sun will rise, hut tho eyes of tho paleface shall not behold him." Leonard bont his head without roplying. Chechogwn turned away loftily, ns ho seemed a man who held another's lifo at bis disposal, I tprang after him, eager to detain him,and pload once moro in my friend's behalf. But an Indian steppod botwecn us, and haughtily "desired mo to keep back. i ' " " ' " It Is nf no use, Gerald," said Leonard qui- etly, " they arc resol voa to have my life; then lot thom take It,.' I do not value it as I might yesterday havftdone.-'' < ? » " HoHhrew hlmself.^gain on tho grass. But a deep colour flushed ¿over his face -when two In lafsjinn stooped ovor' him,' and In silence bound hi» arms tightly with a thong. It wanted yet two hours to midnight, and long before that'tl'me them was deep silence in the camp, stivo that at long intervals a melancholy wail roso from'tho wigwam af the doad. There waa something awful in tho total stillness, her- alding so te rr i bio a scone as tho morning was to witness ; and thoro wtro moments whon I would have'given much> fur a few words spokon to 'Interrupt the doath-liko silence which reignod around.- - ? - ' ' . Throughout .' those miserable . hours Well« scarcely mored ; but his ayes novor closed,'and ho lay galing in thoughtful abstraction - on the fire, whoso fitful light now shot high upon' the dark trcos, now flickered ns though lt would sink, and loavo nil in darkness. Tho Indians lay aronui! ns, moveless aa fallen trees. How often I wished, nay thought all'slept, and was medi- tating how 1 might glide to Lonnard's sido, and release him, and mako ono hold effort for Iii' escape. But if I so much ns stirred hand 01 i foot, a pair of dark gleaming' eyes wore ttimoii on mo in an instant, in proof- of : the unsltim [ boring- vigitanco of tho seemingly oarclesi crunrds. At length tho dark bluoof tho honvens.chang cd to n lighter tint, rind the trees began to Bland forth distinctly. 1 never thought the etty bright, onod BO quickly, na on that morning. The «tara passed away, and Clieohogwa nppoarod. Tho hour was oomo. . Leonard smllod strangely as he turned towards mo.' For, with evident respect for the unvary. lng calmness' of* their captivo, tho Indians ni« lowed us- freo Intoroourso during tho brief time required for their preparations. A sad farewell WAS ours ; and ho lind Inst messages to glvo me, also, for his mothor and sister. '<y ? . ? J 11 How will that slstor rcoeivo Norri ton, after his dastardly dosortion of hor brother 1" thought -I In my heart. But Welts did not utter the1 nnmo of his fatso friend. " Ts tho palefaco ready 1" demanded n floreo, looking Indian, laying a hand on,his shoulder. ' 1 ." I am ready," sahl Leonard firmly. ** Faro welt, Gerald 1 say to triy mother, and Atico nil "tlrts't yon ttttnk will oornfort thora." i '* . In a¡fbw seconds ,ho was bonni! to,ono;of tito, tall beeches that bordered the . forcit, wlillo Choohcgwa stood snmo ' twenty . pace's distant,' coolly examining tho flint (for be did not boast a detonator) of the rifle with which lie chose to inflict death' with 'eis own hand, while the other red men lookf'd contentedly mi,. "¿..Js ?'.*. -, "Oh, Norrltnn, Nerriton !"I thought "Had,, jrou hut been true, we might have rescued him 1%. At this very moment « form darted to Leo nard's shin, mid with n rapid stroke of aknifosef him at liborty. Chechegwn fired, but the bullet only cut deep into tho grey bark.. Tho spec- tators sprung to -where their rifles were left, bnt ere they could reach tho spot, three Chippeway Indians were there, and seized upon their wea- pons, . A floreo yell arose from the baffled i Bavnpes, and ns wild a ono followed from our i red friends, while the women rushing to tho doors of the wigwams, shrieked forth a third discordance on the nir. Tomahawks and knives wcro brandishod In a minute on the opposite side, hut n ours wcro levelled five loaded rifles, which secured n pnrloy, nhd Nerriton-for it was lie that had. freed Leonard-stepped for- ward. " Let ns not shed onch other's blood,*' ho said. " Your .tomnhawkn aro keen, but they can be thrown but once ; and our rifles aro good, and in hands that can usc them well, j Cheehegwa sees that his arm is too short to ! roach my young friend -the Manito lias' said he ! shall not fall powerless like a bird charmed by the eye of the Rattlesnake. But why should thora be war between us ? We would go in I j peace.'' i j Chcchcgwa scowled darkly, hut ho was at our , mercy : for his powder-fla*k and pouch had [ fallen into our hands with lils comrade's rifles, j ! ITo pointed haughtily towards the water, as - I though clving us notice to quit ; thon folding his i arms with thc air of a »nan who is foiled, not .vanquished, ho watched our departure in deep silenco, ns did his friends. Canoes wero walting for us in-chargo of Antoino, and as Nerriton stepped In Inst, ho laid the captured rifles and ammunition on the shore. . But scarcely had wo gone a dozen yards when a volley of bullets carno whizzing around us, too hastily aimed, fortunately, todo moro harm than a gr.izo or two. Our Indian allies wore eager to [ return it, but Nerriton and I seconded Leonard's efforts tn restain thom ; and Antoino's knife having provonted all chanco of pursuit, hy cut- ting a bolo in onch of tho enemy's canoes, which ! would take some time to gum up again, we glided away out of rino range over the bright bluo waters. And brilliantly that sun, which tho Rattlesnake had said Leonard should novcr ,, see again, roso from tho glowing lake, BB Ner- riton told us how. having learned by n chance word whore the Tndians' banting camp for the time was pitched, ho hud hurried away to nook thc aid of-some young hunters wo had seen on tho main land two days before, resolved, though almost despairing of success, to daro everything for the rescue of Leonard, should his lifo so long bo spared. " I should have known yon too well to doubt you for a mbinent !" I exclaimed. "Then you did doubt mo ?" said ho smiling. " Well, novcr mind, I am rewnrdoil now.'! Hls'- truo reward, however, came somewhat later in tho bright smile of Alice Wells, and in tho favour with which »ho listened to his suit who had saved her brother's lifo. But that shot, so involuntarily fatal, so vainly regretted, waa tho last one ever fired by Leonard Wells. From that hour his hand never drew trigger, mid long was it oro timo could boar sway tho heavy cloud cast over his onco Bunny spirit by the terrible result of hia last shot. <>. 