DOUBLING CAPE HORN. About midnight, when the starboard watch, to which I belonged, was below, the boatswain's whistle was heard, followed by the shrill cry for " All hands take in sail! jump men, and save the ship!" Springing from our hammocks, we found the frigate leaning over to it so steeply, that it was with difficulty we could climb the ladders leading to the upper deck. Here the scene was awful. The vessel seemed to be sailing on her side. The main-deck guns had, several days pre- viously, been run in and housed, and the port-holes closed ; but the lee carronades on the quarter-deck and forecastle were plunging through the sea, which undulated over them in milk-white billows of foam. With every lurch to leeward, the yard arm ends seemed to dip in the sea, while forward, the spray dashed over the bows in cataracts, and drenched the men who were on the fore-yard. By this time the deck was alive with the whole strength of the ship's company, five hundred men, officers and all, mostly clinging to the weather bulwarks. The occasional phosphorescence of the yeasty sea, cast a glare upon their uplifted faces, as a night-fire in a populous city lights up the panic- stricken crowd In a sudden gale, or when a large quan- tity of sail is suddenly to be furled, it is the custom for the first lieutenant to take the trumpet from whoever happens then to be officer of the deck. But mad Jack had the trumpet that watch, nor did the first lieutenant now seek to wrest it from his hands. Every eye was upon him, as if we had chosen him from among us all to de- cide this battle with the elements, by single combat with the spirit of the Cape-for Mad Jack was the saving genius of the ship, and so proved himself that night. I owe this right hand that is this moment flying over my sheet, and all my present being, to Mad Juck. The ship's bows were now butting, bat- tering, ramming, and thundering over and upon the head-seas, and with a horrible wallowing sound our whole hull was roll- ing in the trough of the foam. The gale carne athwart the deck, and every sail seemed bursting with its wild breath. All the quarter-masters, and several of the fore- castle men were swarming round the double-wheel on the quarter deck. Some jumping up and down, with their hands upon the spokes,- for the whole helm and galvanized keel were fiercely feverish with the life imparted to them by the tempest. "Hard up the helm !" shouted Captain Claret, bursting from his cabin like a ghost in his night dress. "----you!" raged Mad Jack to the quarter-master, "hurd down-hard down, I say, and be d-----d to you." Contrary orders ! but Mad Jack's were obeyed. His object was to throw the ship into the wind, so as the better to admit of close-reefing the top- sails. But though the halyards were let go,"it was impossible to clew down the yards, owing to the enormous horizontal strain on the canvas. It now blew a hurricane. The spray flew over the ship in floods. The gigantic masts seemed about to snap under the world-wide strain of the three entire top- sails. " Clew down ! clew down !" shouted Mad Jack, husky with excitement, and in a phrenzy, beating the trumpet against one of the shrouds ; but owing to the slant of the ship, the thing could not be done It was obvious that before many minutes something must go-either sails, rigging, or sticks ; perhaps the hull itself, and all hands. Presently a voice from the top exclaimed that there was a rent in the main- top-sail ; and instantly we heard a report like two or three muskets discharged together ; the vast sail was rent up and down, like the Veil of the Temple. This saved the main-mast - for the yard was now clewed down with comparative ease, and the top men laid out to stow the shattered can- vas. Soon the two remaining top-sails were also clewed down and close reefed. Above all the roar of the tempest and the shouts of the crew was heard the dis- mal tolling of the ship's bell (almost as large as that of village church), which the violent rolling of the ship was occasioning. Imagination cannot conceive the horror of such a sound in the night tempest at sea. "Stop that ghost!" roared Mad Jack: " away, -one of you, and wrench off the clapper !" But no sooner was this ghost gagged, than a still more appalling sound was heard -the rolling to and fio of the heavy shot, which, on the gun deck had broken loose from the gun-racks, and converted that part of the ship into an immense bowling alley. Some hands were sent down to se- cure them ; but it was as much as their lives were worth, some were maimed, and the midshipmen who were or- dered to see the duty performed, reported it impossible until the storm abated. The most terrific job of all was to furl the main-sail, which, at the commence- ment of the squall, had been clewed up, coaxed and quieted as much as possible with the bunt-lines and slab-lines. Mad Jack waited some time for a lull, ere he gave an order so perilous to be executed; for, to furl this enormous sail, in such a gale, required at least fifty men on the yard, whose weight, super-added to the weight of the ponderous stick itself, still further jeopardized their lives. But there was no prospect of a cessation of the gale, and the order was at last given. At this time a hurricane of slanting sleet and hail was descending upon us ; the rigging was coated with a thin glare of ice, formed within the hour. "Aloft, main-yard- men ! cried Mad Jack. I dashed down my hat, slipped out of my quilted jacket in an instant, knocked the shoes from my feet, and, with a crowd of others, sprang for the rigging. Above the bulwarks (which in a frigate are so high as to afford much protection to those on deck) the gale was horrible. The sheer force of the wind flattened us to the rigging us we ascended, and every bund seemed congealing to the icy shrouds which we held. "Up, up, my brave hearties!" shouted Mad Jack; and up we got, some way or other, all of us, and groped our way out on the yard arms. " Hold on every mother's son !" cried an old quarter-gunner, at my side ; he was bawling at the top of his compass ; but, in the gale, he seemed to be whispering, and I only heard him from his being right to windward of me. But his hint was unnecessary ; I dug my nails into the jack-stays, and swore that nothing but death should part me and them, until I was able to turn round and look to windward. As yet, this was im- possible ; I could scarcely hear the man to seaward at my elbow ; the wind seemed to snatch the words from his mouthand fly away with them to the South Pole. All this while, the sail itself was flying about, sometimes catching over our heads and threatening to tear us from the yard in spite of all our hugging. For about three quarters of an hour we thus hung, suspended over the rampant billows, which curled their very crests under the feet of some four or five of us clinging to the Ice yard-arm, as if to float us from our place. Prosently, the word, passed along the yard from windward, that we were ordered to come down and leave the sail to blow, since it could not be furled. A midshipman, it seemed, had been sent up by the officer of the deck to give the order, as no trumpet could be heard where we were. Those on the weather yard-arm managed to crawl upon the spar and scramble down the rigging : but with us, upon the extreme leeward side, this feat was out of the question ; it was, literally, like climbing a precipice to get to windward, in order to reach the shrouds; besides, the entire yard was now encased in ice, and our hands and feet were so numb that we dare not trust our lives to them. Nevertheless, by assisting each other, we contrived to throw ourselves prostrate along the yard, and embrace it with our arms and legs. In this position, the stuu'-sail-booms greatly assisted in securing our hold. Strange as it may appear, I do not sup- pose that, at this moment, the slightest sen- sation of fear was felt hy one man on that yard. We clung to it with might and main, but this was instinct. The truth is, that, in circumstances like these, the sense of fear is annihilated in the unutterable sights that fill the eye, and the sounds that fill all the ear. You become identified with the tempest ; your insignificance is lost in the riot of the stormy universe around. Below us, our noble frigate seemed thrice its real length-a vast black wedge, opposing its widest end to the com- bined fury of the sea and wind. At length the first fury of the gale began to ábate, and we at once fell to pounding our hands, as a preliminary operation of going to work ; for a gang of men had now ascended to help to secure what was left of the sail ; we somehow packed it away, at last, and came down. About noon the next day, the gale so moderated that we shook two reefs out of the topsails, set new courses, and stood due east, with the wind astern.- White Jacket. Sin JOHN BOSS'S CARRIER PIGTONS. Many contradictory statements have ap- peared resperting the arrival of these pigeons; and more (han one pningrnph, repotting that " tinee ol' these birds, bring- ing important dispatches, have returned," bos fourni its way info the public piinls. We arc glad to have it in our power to give an nut lien tie account of those aerial messengers. On Sunday, the 13th of Oc- tober, a carrier pigeon was observed sitting on the top of a pigeon house at Annanhill, which, being under repair, was shut up : and on the Wednesday following, Miss Dunlop (this lady presented the pigeon to Sir John Ross) was informed by a friend, that a strange carrier pigeon bud taken refuge at Shewnlton, the seat of- the Lord Justice General. The pigeon was secured and taken to Miss ' Dunlop, who at once recognised it as one of the young pair, both of which Sir John I Ross hud intimated to her his intention to send off as soon as he was frozen in for the winter, and promised to send dispatches by them. No letter has, however, been re- ceived, and although another bird of the same kind has been seen in the neighbour- hood, which it is thought maybe the mate of the one caught ; it hail not up to the 24th been seemed. When the pigeon in question was taken into the house where it lind been reared, and in which are forty nests, the little creal ure flew at once into the nest, where it lind beeu hatched, 'ihe foregoing is a simple statement of the fact, and is of grent interest in more ways than one. Wc should be glad to receive any reniai ks upon the flight of these birds from any ornithologist of repute. The probable pos tion of Sir John Ross would be to the westward of Bat row Strait.-Standard. TUB NAVIGATION LAWS-We see it announced in the American wiper«;, flint two English ships arc 'loading »t Canton with teas for New York. This they con- sider as the triumph of English navigation over American. We have also before us a circular from St. Petersburg, announcing amongst other things, that three English vessels have been taken up in that port, to convey hemp and other articles to the United States. And it is very notorious, in Liverpool, that Messis M'lvers's splen- did line of packets have become great carriers of French goods fi oin Havre to New York, sincetherepeal of the American Navigation laws. This trade did not exist previous to the rt-penl of the Navigation laws. It would not then have been legal. It thus appears that the old joke about reciprocity being all on our side lins lost its force, so far as Amoru a is concerned. Nor is this all. The Canadians lmve for some time complained that the Americans excluded them from direct trade with the States, by prohibitory duties. A bill is now before Congress for admitting the produce of Canada into the United States duty free. 'Diere is no doubt that it will pass, and that thus all pecuniary temptation to an- nexation will be destroyed. The above facts clearly show that the principles of free-trade aie making steady progress, and that the concessions made by England have been met by equal concessions in America.-Liverpool 'lvtws. A lad of about eight years of age, son of a respectable Gloucestershire farmer, reading willi his elliss, came lo the words "the milky way." Upon, being asked by his teacher if he knew what yvas meant by the milky way, he indignantly replied, " Why, Sir, to lie zure I do ; 'tis the whey as comes fruin the cheese." SurKRKLUiTiKs OF Lim.-A lawyer and physician lately much obstructed the hil- arity of a very jovial company, by intro- ducing a long-winded conversation on the superfluities of life, and how many were its needless wants. A nit'iry fellow, vexed ro be thus annoyed, exclaimed, "Very true, gentlemen ; 1 am înysolf an example ofthe justness of your remarks, having lived ntl my life without wanting eil her a lawyer or a physician." A DISSUNTINU " LIGHT."--A few Sun- days ago, at a village meeting house, not far from Melton Mowbray, a junior " local" from the latter place in expound- ing his text-" Darkness covereth the earth, and gross darkness the minds of the people, defined the term " g^ross darkness" to mean a daikncss of 144 times (or a gross) " darker than darjc"- a tie . finition which set most of his hearers a laughing. THE SUBLIMR -ANO HIE RIDICI-I.OUS. A gentleman giving evidence in a court ol' justice, took occasion to compare certain vocal performances to the sounds which might be supposed to emanate ft oin some prnnaval African forest, yvhose deep durk shadows ndd horror to the mysterious vociferations issuing from its savage depths, or to a person undeigoing the process of having his throat cut. .What's the greatest feat that can be performed by man ? Writing a leading article, with a equalling baby in onu's anns -W hat's the greatest stretch of morai virtue P To feel satisfied with your article. " under the circumstances " Among the Chinese, those who expend their charity on remote subjects, but ne- glect their family, ure said to " hang a Inn tern on a pole, vvbilli is soeii afar, but gives no light below."-Davis's China. An Irishman, seeing a vessel very heavily laden, anti scarcely above the water's edge, exclaimed, " Upon my soul, if the river was but a bit higher, the ship would go to the, bottom." , $omo time ago a victual-dealer's shop in Leith, had on its signboard,, " Butter sold here for smccring sheep and bakers." 