THE EARTHQUAKE. " An earthquake," said Komeo Romitti. " Yea, I eau (el! von what it is like. Ir. wa» in February, 1S34. I was a guest of Don Märze Pignatelli, in Aquila, of Abruzzo." "So you sleep proof against thunder ami .'earthquakes, do you?" said Don Mnrzio-I Congratúlate you j the shook was enough to. rouse the dead from their graves, I tell yow." " I ul ways thought it was a drenm of yours, Don Mnrzio," interposed my host's helter ''half, languidly. "It is a dreadful bore, I declare, to be disturbed in your first slum- bers, and scared ont of your wits, und from no better reason than that your husband has faten pork, and is labouring under a night- mare." "A night-mnre ! a dream of mine!" re- torted the "amateur coffee-maker. " And St. Francis, who bas dropped his ball last night. ; and the procession of tho Capuchins, and the whole town in alarm-is that ait a dream, too ?" . "Well, well," I interposed, willing to re . .concile. "A gond conscience atid easy slum- bers, you know. I heard nothing of this-I tiever heard anything like an earthquake in tny life. ? Not in Naples, where I was for two lensons: not nt Lima, uor at Chili, where they ure nu almost nightly entertainment. Well, I should like to know what ' it id îike !" These were mng'ic words* The sound lind hot quite died nw»y, when thc feet I stood on . ....Seemed Riiddt-iily seized with the crnmp. Cup . nod Coffee-pot dropped ns dead from Don Mnrzio's hum! as thc ball from St. Francis»'« palin. There WHS a rush ns if ol' ninny waters j wii'd," Air 'Mont ten seconds, my bend was overvvh'eWed .. by iiwful dizziness, which numbed and., pavalysed nil sensation. Don Marzio, in form an athlete, in heart a lion, . but a man of sudden, sanguine temperament, bua'.led up and darted out of the room with the c.ftse vf n mun never burdened with a wife, with kith or km. Donna Bettn, a portly ma- tron, also rose instinctively; but 1-I never could nccount for tho odd freak, laid hold of lier arm, bidding ber stay. The ronr of eight hundred houses-or how mnny moro cull there I be in Aquila 7-HU reeling »nd quaking, the yell« of ten thousand voícr» In nwhlen agony, hart wholly subsided ere I allowed the poor woman calmly and majestically to waddle np to her goodrnaninthegHriien. That, I suppose, was my notion of an orderly retreat. Kosal bina had flown from a window into the lawn like a bird. Thank God, we found ourselves all in the open air under the broad canopy of heaven. We began to count heads. Yes, there we all stood, cook, laundry-maid, dairy maids, stable-boys, all as obedient io the awful summons as the best disciplined troops at the first roll of the drum. The day was rather fine, but pinching cold ; and when the fever of the first terror abated, the lady and young lady began to shiver in every limb. No one dared to break silence ; but Don Marzio's eye wandered significantly enough from one to another countenance in that awe stricken group. There was no mistaking his appeal. Yet, one after another, his menials and labourers returned his gaze with well acted perplexity. No one so dull of appre- hension as those who will not understand. I smiled dimly, nodded to the old gentleman, clapped my hands cheerily, and the next mo- ment was once more where no man in Aquila would that moment have liked to be for the world-undera roof. I made a huge armful of cloaks and b'ankets, suapped up every r«g with all the haste of a marauding party ; a»d moved towards the door, tottering under the incumbrance. ' But now, the dreaded crisis was at hand. Earthquakes, it is well known, proceed by action and re action. The second shock, I was aware, must be imminent. I bud just touched the threshold, and stood under the porch, when that curious spasmo- dic sensation once more stiffened every muscle in my limbs. Presently I felt, myself lifted up from the ground. I was now under the portico, and was hurled against the pillar on my right ; the rebound again drove me to the post on the opposite side; and after being thus repeatedly tossed and buifeted from right to left, like a shuttlecock, I was thrust down, outwards, on the ground on my head, with all that bundle of rags-having tumbled head- long the whole range of the four marble steps of the entrance. The barm, hoxvever, was not. so great as the fright ; and, thanks to my gallant devotion, the whole party were wrap- ped and blanketed, till they looked like a party of wild Indians; we stood now on com- paratively finn ground, and had leisure to look about us. Don Maizio's garden waa open and spa- cious, being bounded on three sides by the half crumbling wnll of the town. On the fourth side was the house, a good substantial fabric, but now miserably shaky and rickety. Close by the bouse was the chapel of the Ur- suline convent, and above that its slender spire rose, chaste and stainless, " pointing tlie way to .Heaven." Any rational being might have deemed himself sufficiently re- moved from brick and mortar, and, in so far, out of harm's way. Not so Don Marzio. He pointed to the shadow of that spire, which in the pale wintry sunset stretched all the way across his garden, and hy a strange perver- sion of judgment, he contended that so far as the shadow extended there might also the body that cast it reach in its fall ; for fall it obviously must ; and as the danger was pressing, be deemed it unwise to discuss uh ¡eh of the four cardinal points the tower might feel a leaning towards, whenever, under thc impulse of the subterranean scourge, it would "look around and choose its ground." DJU Marzio was gifted with animal courage, and even nerve, proportionate to the might of his stalwart frame» But then his was merely a combative spirit. Thews and si- news were of no avail in the case. The garden was no breathing ground for him, and lie re- solved upon prompt emigration. Two hun- dred yards outside the town gate there is half a square mile of table land on the summit of a lull ; a market place in days of ease : a harbour of refuge iu the urgency of peril. From thc first dropping of the earth-bnll from the hand of their guardian saint, the most far-sighted amongst the inhabitants had been busily jut ching their tents. The whole popu- lation- those, that is, who had escaped un- scathed by Hying tiles and chimney-pots, were now swanning there : pulling, pushing, haiding, and hammering away for very life ; with women fainting, children screeching, Capuchins preaching. It wos like a little rehearsal of doomsday. Don Marzio, a pru- dent housekeeper bad the latch-key of a pri- vate door at the bock of the garden. He threw it open ; not without n misgiving nt the moss-grown wall overhead. That nigh: the very stars did not seem to him suflieienily firm-nniled to thc firmament ! His family and dependents trooped after him, eager to follow. HosaUiina looked back-at one who was left behind. Don Marzio felt he owed me nt least one word of leave-taking. He hemmed twice, came back two steps, and gave Me n feverish shake of the hand* " I nm heartily sorry tor you, my boy ?" lie cried. " A fuoruscito, as I may say, a bird-in-thc-bush-you dare not show your nose outside the door. You would not com- promise yourself alone, you know, but nil of us, and oUr friends, we must leave you, snfe enough here-I dare sny." With a stolen glance- at thc Ursuline spire, " but-you see -imperative duties-head of a fnuiily-rtoke care of the female-and so, God bless you." With thiB he left me there, under the " deadly shade " of tho steeple, dendlier to him than the Upas-tree ; ordered his little household bnnd out, and «way they filed, one by one, the " Head of tho Family " manfully closing thc rear. I was aloue-alone with the earthquake. There WM » wood celUr in one of the out* home*, wee*« to which was ea»y »nd «ufe. One of my ho»t'» domenics had »lipped flint »nd «eel into my band*» In le»» than half» an-hour's time a cheerful fire was crackling before me. I drew forth an old lumbering arm-chair from the wood-cellar, together with nay provision of fuel. I shrouded myself in the ample folds of one of Don Marzio's riding cloaks; I sat with folded arms, my eye« rivetted on the rising blaze, summoning all my spirits round my heart, and bidding it to bear up. The sun had long, set, and the last gleam of a sickly twilight rapidly faded. A keen, damp north-east wind swept over the earth ; thin, black, ragged clouds flitted be- fore it, like uneasy ghosts. A stray star twinkled here and there iu the firmament, 1 and the sickle-shaped moon hung on the west. But the light of those pale luminaries ' was wan and fitful. The town of Aquila, or "the Eagle," as the natives name it, is perched, eagle like, on the brow of an abrupt cliff, in the bosom of the loftiest Appenines. Within the shelter of that massive armour, the town might well seem invulnerable to time and man. But now as I gazed despondingly round, the very hills everlastingly seemed rocking from their foundation, and their crests nod- ding destruction. Two hours passed away in gloomy meditation. The whole town was a desert. The camp meeting of the unhoused Aquilini was held somewhere in the distance, its confused murmur reached me not. Only my neighbours, the Ursuline nuns, were up and awake. With shrinking delicacy, dreading the look and touch of the profane, even more than the walls of their prison-house, they had stood their ground with the heroism of true faith, and reared their temporary asylum under their vine-canopied bowers, within the shade of the cloisters. A high garden wall alone separated me from the holy virgins. They were watching and kneeling. Every note from their silver voices sank deep in roy heart, and impressed me with something of that pious confidence, of that imploring fer- vour, with which they addressed their guar- dian angels and saints. The awfulness of prevailing tranquillity, the genial warmth of my fire, and the sweet monotony of that low mournful chanting, were by degrees gliding into my troubled senses, and lulling them into a treacherous security. I "Just so," I reasoned, shock and countershock. Tue terrible scourge bas by ! this time exhausted its strength. It was only a farce after all. Much ado about no- thing. The people of this town have become so familiar with the earthquake, that they mnke a carnival of it. By this time they are perhaps feasting and rioting under their booths. Ho! am I the only craven here ? And had I not my desire? Ara I not now on speaking terms with an earthquake?" Again my words conjured up the waking enemy. A low, hollow, rumbling noise, as it" from many hundred miles distance, was heard coming rapidly onward along the whole line of thc Apennines. It reached us, it seemed to stop underneath our feet, and sud- denly changing its horizontal for a vertical direction, it burst upwards. The whole earth heaved with a sudden pang; it then gave a backward bound, even as a vessel shipping a sea. The motion then became undulntory, and spread far and wide, as the report of a cannon, awakening every echo in the moun- tain. There was a rattle and clatter in the town, as if of a thousand waggons (shooting down paving stones. The Ursuline steeple waved in the air like a reed vexed by the blast. The chair I stood on was all but cap- sized, and the lire nt my feet was overthrown. The very vault of beaven swung to and fro, ebbing and heaving with the genertil convul- sion» The doleful psalmody in the neigh- bouring ground broke short abruptly, The chorus of many feminine voices sent forth but one rending shriek. The clamour of many thousands of the town folk from their encampment gave its wakeful response, Then the dead silence of consternation ensued. I picked up every ulivk and brand that had been scattered about, steadied myself in my chair, and hung down my head. " 'I hese black bounds," I mused " hunt in couples. Now for the re-percussion !" I had not many minutes to wnit. Again the iron-hoofed steeds nud heavy wheels of thestate chariot of the Prince of Darkness were heard trampling and rattling in their course. Once more the subterranean avalanche ga- thered and burst. Once more thc ground be- neath throbbed and heaved as if with rending travnil. Once more heaven and earth seemed to yearn to each other; mid the embers of my watebfire were cast upwards and strewn asunder, lt was an awful, long winter night. Thc same sable clouds rioting i ti the sky, the same cruel wind moaning nngrily through the chinks and crevices of many a shattered edi- fice. Solitude, the chillness of night, and the vagueness, even more than the inevitable? ness, of the danger, wrought fearfully on my exhausted frame. Stupor and lethargy soon followed those brief moments of speechless esx-i¡fuient. Bewildered imagination peopled the air with vague, unutterable terrors. Le- gions of phantoms sported on those misshapen clouds. The clash of a thousand swords was borne on the wind. Tongues of living flume danced and quivered in every direction. The firmament stemed all burning with them. 1 saw myself alone, helpless, hopeless, the miserable butt oí all the inge of warring ele- ments. Ten and twelve times was the dread- ful visitation reproduced between sunset and sunrise, and every shock found me more utterly unnerved ; and thu sullen, silent resignation with which I recomposed and trimmed my fire bad, iometbing in it consummately ab- ject, by the «ide of the doleful açcenti with which the poor bf»lf»hoar#e mina, my pejgh boHri, called on their blewed Virgin for pro- tection, , : The breaking morn found rae utterly de- moralized ; and when Don Marzio's servants j had so far-recovered from their panic as to intrude upon wy solitude, and offer their ser- vices for the-erection of my tent in their gar- den, I had hardly i breath enough left to wel- come them. Under that tent I passed days and : nights during ' all the remainder of February./. The shocks, though diminished in strength, almost nightly roused us from our rest. ; But the people of Aquila soon learned to despise them. By one, by two, by three, they sought the threshold of their dismantled bornes. Last of al), Dun Marzio folded his tent. His fears having, finally, so far given way, as to allow him to think of something besides himself, he exeited himself to free me from confinement. He furnished me with faithful guides, by whose aid .1 reached the sea-coast. Here a Maltese vessel was waiting to waft me to a land of freedom and security.-From MariottVs Scenes from Italian Life. ? 