CHURCH OF ENGLAND SOCIETY. A general meeting pf. the members of the Church of Eng land Society, specially ^SmpaMi«3^as held on Tuesday ' afternoon, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide in the chair. The followjn'ff clehrvmen and gentlemen were present:— The- Very Reverend the Dean of Adelaide, the Kevs. Messrs. Watsoui Wood, Fulford, Woodcock; And Schoales .' Messrs., K. StucTccy, T. Gilbert, Singleton, MacDermott, Lucas, Wickstced, Cawthorne, Ross, Andrews, Duncan, Branth waite, Murray. Hawkes, and Nash. ? , The, Lord* Bishop having .opened the proceedings by prayer, called upon ... Mr. Thoinas Gilbert, J.P., who m6V-& th-£first resolution. (See advertisement.) . . ( 'Mr; Singleton seconded' the' motion, which he thought must embody the feeling of every, clergyman in the province, whether belonging ia ilMr'owti br any; other Christian com munion. On that point, nothing could be more conclusive than the leturns lately laid on the' Cotracil table, and the letters by which they were accompanied The clergy were unanimous in calling on a Christian government to aid them in their efforts t» diffuse the truth, and he rndst say it wa* a most fortunate circumstance that such a manifestation should have been made at that particular time.' The oppo sition which had arisen on the subject could be traced (fluy to strong party feeling— and such feeling, as they wcllknew, was not at all times perfectly sincere. He repeated it — the desire to deprive tho country districts of their ministers could spring from no other than a party feeling. During a period of nearly eight years, when he resided in a neigh ? homing colony , he was, as he micht say, the officiating priest for a considerable district — a digtrict which was only visited once a month on a weekday by a clergyman residing at a place 50 miles off. It was nominally visited once a month, but as the clergyman had two rivers to cross and a ?very rough country to travel over, it often happened that he was prevented coming by bad weather, arid on some oc casions six months had elapsed without his paying them a visit'; but to show the eagerness with which bis ministra tions-were sought, he might mention that his arrival at his (Mr. Singleton's) house, was always made known from one to another through the entire district, and the next day was kept as a day of rest, all farming pursuits being abandoned aiid the Clitirch filled with an attentive congregation. On such' 'occasions not more than 'one or two farmers were ab sent.1 The church, even thus irregularly supplied, was of the utmost service to the ticfghlmnrbood :' still, whatever he might have done' with such occasional assistance, it fell ve(ry far short of what could have been effecWd by a cler gymkii sliationed there, and in that remote district he had determined, if ever he should be transplanted to any other part of Australia,, to use every effort in his power to have a minister settled in each occupied locality. As his Lordship, -v$s, about to .put the resolution to the meeting, , (- ... 'y ' K The Peari of Adelaide rose, and, referring approntly to the introductory remarks of the last speaJiery.said he should not like any 'gchtiemari'ip ^;vbfo'upWth^^[uestion without fully .considering the effect of the resolution: It must be understood as affirming ^tn'e principle1 of 'State support to religjo'n.' He mentioned this to preclude the possibility of mistake, or of any gentleman's feeling afterwards that he had befcn taken by surprise. »'/Mr.i Singleton-^Tho rttfolution ; expresses approval of State. aid to religion, but not of a- State religion. The Dean assented. The motion was then put and.carripdinifitaiiniously. Mr. MacDermott, Jl\, moved tlie second rtsolution.- (See1 advertisement.) It -was clear that a thinly ; Bcatierod popu lation could'nbtsuppdrt'a minister, afa'd'equally so that the residence of a minister in each districtf had' an effect faVou rable'to morality. '-This could not be iitliicvea without ex. tranepus aid, as the circumstances of emigrants were not generally; such as to admit of their meeting tho necessary charges,' and 'it therefore became the duty of tho State to assist them. In town the case might be different, and theKv fore the present ; system, might, pe modified, but the priu ciple i of' State i support was necessary. He, like his friend Mr. Singleton, had officiated as chaplain to a district, which was without a regular minister, and by such feeble aid the Church had been kept together for some years; but ho could bear testimony to' th'e'godu effect' produced by settle ment of a clergyman in that place. It acted as a restraint on the more lawless, . and even the outward appearance of things was changed. The Sabbath, which boforq had been made too much a day of mere amusement, -and passed in shooting or other: sports, was more regularly observed, and a better tone was given to society generally. ?Mr. Branthwaite. seconded the motion.' They must nil agree 'that the settling of a minister of any denomination in a district was a great and efficient aid to public morals. In some 'of the suburban villages' people might be seen at their work on the Sabbath-day, between which and the wock days they made little or no distinction ; while others were sitting about doing nothing. The population of the suburbs was increasing- very 'rapidlyi'. and tho 'parochUl attendance was. quite insufficient. True, it might be that much had been done, but it was equally true that mpro remained to do. The resolution was unanimously adopted. ' ?_ ? Dr. Duncan, J.P., moved the third resolution. (See adver tiseincnt.) He^ould sucak to. its. truth from experience, for he had resided at Port Adelaide for. six. years, during about four of which they had had a resident clergyman. In the first instance, an attempt had been mode to raise tho means for his support, not by the letting of eeuts, but by gathering subscriptions, and the most they were able to collect was, between £|S0 ,an.d;£65. That whs all they had paid Mr. Newenham, and it was not nearly sufficient for his lnaintainance,. paying,, as he had ,to tlo, front, £25 to £30 a-year for liifl house. , liui tbat Society, had voted a further 'sumi'of''£^'i'frpm/tho''ihoncy' placed at' its (lisppsfll by Go venim'ent'. '''?''?' ' ?'' . ' ', ''-., '_'.''.' ''? '/'.,?'''?? '' Mr. Woodcock— Not this Society. A board was si-ccially appointed to distribute tlie amount ,votod by v Council to the Cliurcli of England in 1846. ' ' . , , ' . j Dr. Duncaa-rr- Wellj the board then'; gave a further sum of £p5, and thus the clergyman ' was' 'supported. Since the passing of the presentiAct the sum' contributed by the con gregation was in the form 'of 'geat're'nfe, and they had 'exp6ricrfced ' how that plan worked. The district was thickly paopled, and the 'inhabitants' were' Very far from being poor; scarcely one1' of them 'occupied a house for which lie paid Jess than 8s. a? week;., but all they had obtained 'was uWde'r £70 per'annam.' *Tt varied between £60 and £70, and had it not been for, the aid of Government, *thcy couid'iiot'have' Tetaincdi'a'cletgymari^niong them. Either the people could not, or tiiey would no! contribute sufficient for tlie1 purpose. The motion was seconded by Mr: Ki Stuekey,! and carried unanimously. \--'Mr. Nash', J.P^'mbVedthefonrtli'reWilntioh.^ (See adver itiBement.) - He found tliat -in tho Old /Testament the prin ciple of State aid to religion was supported -bodi ' by precept and -example;' and he had never found anything in the New Testament to condemn tlie system. The diffusion of the Gospel must be carried on either by miracles or meanB; the age of miracles had ceased, and if they sent clergymen into ithe'hnflh; means must be provided for- their maintenance. Mr. Lucas seconded the motion, and urged tlie' necessity of seconding . it by(i something more than mere words. Some means should be adopted to strengthen the hands of such candidates as were favourable to a continuance of the grant ; and that would be seconding it effectually. \- Kis Lordship -said - it liad come to his knowledge that many persons who were favourable to the abstract principle of the grant, and who agreed that it was right it should be continued till the new Council could legislate upon the sub ject, yet objected to the mode in which the present Legin lative ?Council had carriedita final vote into effect. They thought it unseemly tbat such a vote should have been passed at the time it was — at the very last moment, and just before the dissolution of the Assembly./ / -. Mr, Wicksteed considered the niembers could not have done otherwise than as they did. It was their strict duty to continue the grant until' the subject could be dealt with by an assembly more jx)pularly formed. So far from blaming them for what they had done, he gave them every praise; and he was pretty sure that the very .persons who now found fault with them would have been still louder in their cen sures had thev suffered the grant to fail for the interme mediate periixl. They would have charged them with cowardice, and naid they wished to curry favour with the people at the last moment. The Dean of Adelaide trusted, as the question had been mooted, that others would express their opinions. He was for thanking the members, jik he believed they had acted with a good motive; but he must admit that he' very much doubted it the mode they had adopted were the best. Some said, not perhaps u»ing the very words, that it was a take in; that there was no notice given, nor even the opportunity of discussion bv an adjournment. He mast pay that in his opinion there was very much like a surprise in it: and they must Ikj careful how far tiv-.y put fortli their opinion as to the manner in which the vote was passed. Mr. Macderni'itt thought the Council would have been open to blame if they had suffered that or any other Act to - expire between the time of their own dissolution and the meeting of the r.cw Assembly. They were making no new liw, but simply providing for 'the 'old one continuing in force till repealed l-v a competent authority ; and the same course was always pursued by the English Parliament. The Dean— Without any notice being give* ? Mr. MacDermott— 1 do not say so. His Lordship — Had only wished to avoid a hasty sanc tion being given to a proceeding which bad been much I questioned. In having called attention to it he had suffi- ? cientiy gained his object, , ,..;.;:,.,. .?'.?.'..-'.? \- The Eev. Mr. Watson said that the question had better be decided one way o r the other. If the members of Council had done right, they deserved their thanks ; hut if not, the motion had better be passed by- One thing he must observe, thata colonial Council must not be strictly judged by English \- -tales,;. for its usages differed very much from those, of. the Imperial Parliament. If he was not mistaken he had heard of a most important Act being brought in, read a first, second, and a third time in ft single day — a thing which certainly was never d- me at home; and yet he was not : aware that the proceec ling had been censured. As to the vote, it was not very important to the treasury, however : much it might have b .'en to a few ministers. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock concurred in the resolution as it stood. It was well known to the members that Major O'Halloran had callatl for tb-3 returns, and that the meeting in question was to ~bn their h».st : they, must, thorefore, have ..been perfectly aware that die question .would be .brought forward. However, he did not sec that the vote, pf. thanks in any way affirmed the mode- in which the grant was con tinued in operatisiL. * Mr. Nash agreed with the last speaker. Had there been ?another day of meeting, and had advantage been taken of a scanty attendance, the members might have been open to /censure; but, as it was, the vote was passed on the last ?day, and at that very moment when, haa it not been passed, lit must have fallen to the ground altogether. . , 1 ' Mr. Singleton reminded the meeting that before that day !tbc returns were not upon the table, so that till then the 'Council had not any data to go- upon. The time when the vote was passed was not only the last but the first oppor tunity open to them. . Mr. Gilbert thought that, had the Council suffered the grant to cease, they would have done an act of great in justice to its supporters. The motion was then put and carried unanimously. The Dean of Adelaide said he iad a resolution to propose, which, onlike the others, had not been submitted to the rob- committee. He was not prepared to say very much upon it, but ho wished H mooted, even if it were not carried. There were some persons, even in the Church of England, . .who were opposed to Sta te aid to religion. The arguments of those to whom he refer red were not drawn from Scriptuve; for if the grant could b.a proved unscriptural, of coarse there was an end to it; b ut many good men objected 'to the grant upon a different gro und— the fear that it mi£nt lead to the establishment of a d ominant church— a Stat^ Church, with all its adjuncts of \ tithes, church-rates, and other .. abominations, as they callt '4 them-r-(a laugh^andfor him Belf, he must say that he a greed with them in. the use of the term. {A laugh.) He Ws thoroughly opposed in this co lony- to any State Church i or dominant sect, and so, he thought, were most of the j members of the Church of Eng land. But State aid and a State Church, were two different things, and they were very i unfairly represented as having any connexion with each c then If he thought that State aid -were the small end of j the wedge, and that its intro ?aucfion would lead to the e .stablishment of a State Church, . he would himself oppose it heartily. He was aware that his resolution came somewh at suddenly upon 'his Lordship, and he had not the least desire to, enforce 'nis own parti cular opinions. It might be that the members of the Church of England desired the establishment of a dominant Church. If so, let them sny so ; wha' tever they wished, let it come loudly out. He had no su cn wisn. Were the State grant abandoned altogether, he , had n0 fear for t^e Church of England. It had acqu) rea an^ maintained a standing here— a. standing respected evcn by those of other creeds, which was sufficient and s atisfactory. With a clear , stage and no favour, the CUurcr -t of England could hold its own way. The Very Kevere'aa Gentleman concluded by reading his r eselntion. , (See , advertisement.) His Lordship doubted 'the propriety of applying the term l* abominations' to- » tithes,' which had received the Divine sanction.' ' '?.-...,. The resolution was sec -onded by The Rev. JVIr. Woodeoc -k, who 'said he had little to add, hut the expression of his I'own concurrence with the remarks of the Dean. Apprehens ions such as those he had alluded io had certainly Tbeen in troduced ; they had formed the main ground of attack on the original grant, and were still used by the public press— ? by a part of it he should rather say ; for he was happy t ) see one Editor present who had always supported the prioc iple of State aid to religion. It -was the main argument Vised in the rural districts, and ?especially in that for whicVi Major, O'Halloran was a candi ?date. It had given him much pleasure to read a very pointed and able speech . delivered in that district by Mr. Hewett, a person of some . influence there. The Reverend gentleman then quoted the words of the resolution, adding, that when they considered the number of Wesleyans in the colony, of members of the Church of England,' and of the ' Eoman Catholics — who wei -e also an increasing body — they .mast see that no such resu It as the establishment of any dominant fleet : could reas onably be anticipated. , ,. The . language, of the resolution was deprecatory of any such establishment. He need oil ly say that it would be unjust— r, that one reason was worth a . thousand. A conversation followed a a the wording of the resolution, the object l-eing to avoid pa* '.sing any censure on the Estab lisiment at home, and yet tt - state distinctly and unequivo cally that, under no imaginable circumstances, could a uom'm'amt church be desirable in tlie colony. 'Mr. Singleton said that, as a laynv.n, he must give his ?cordial support to the resolution; which, though it was left ?out by the sub committee, was, in his opinion, the cream of . the whole ; for on this p-«nt, both at the original introduc tion of the question and at vthe present time, had the party opposition been got up. It would show the. truth of what had been already explained- by one of the editors then, present, that in South Australia there was no state Church. It was the opponents of the gi'ant, who had put forth the misstatement that a dominant church was desired. Let it go forth, then, in the most authenticated form possible, that the members of the Church of England did not want one — -that ihey repudiated such fl, system — that they considered it impolitic and unjust. Dc Duncan said the most plausible argument of the opponents of the grant was, that it supported error as well as truth. Were they to determine wholly to avoid this, .. there was no other way of doing so than by the establish ment of a national Church, and then it would be necessary for the State to decide what was truth and what was error. , The. principle as at present carried out, was; that all sects might be supported which took the Bible as their standard, ana acknowledged it as the Word of God ; and under this system, it might be trusted that the truth would «ventually prevail. ? The Rev. Mr. Woodcock observed, that the stiongost ' argument was grounded on the support given at present to the Roman Catholic faith. But. it, must be remembered, that although Catholics mixed up much error with the .truth, they held all the essential doctrines of Christianity. ''.'' Divided, as the Church unfortunately was at present, he -did. not see how the State could go further than the accep tance of and belief in the Bi'Dle, though he confessed he should be glad if some definition of the word ' Christian,' could be adopted, so as to restrict the ard to the believers in the'Deity of our Lord' Jesus Christ, and the divinity and ? personality of the Holy Ghost. The Rev. Mr. Watson said, tn affirm that Tinder no cir cumstances would a National Church be justifiable, would' be tantamount, to a declaration that Almighty God made a 'mistake in instituting a .- National Church among the Israelites. He did not think, any sane individual could indulge the idea of a dominant sect prevailing in South 'K:' Australia. The idea was absurd impracticable, impossible. JHe did not believe it would be for the benefit of the Church ?of England to be made a State Church in the colony, and be ?had not the least wish ti:at it 'should be so. ' The ... attempt to- make it a dominant church would raise a spirit of enmity and opposition which, would. do it far more ?? -mischief than any1 fetate aid could counterbalance. A , Government had scarcely ever established a church without crippling its energies, interfering 'with its discipline, and sacrificing its spiritual objects foe political purposes/ In his opinion one of the greatest evils which could happen to .the communion in the colony would be the turning, of it into a State Church. . ?'Dr; Duncan, with reference to Mr. Woodcock's remarks, '?observed that if the test he recommended were adopted, the. principle of taking no other t2st than the Bible woulS be broken down. If they made one reservation they might make half-a-dozen. The next -might be to require the Bible taken as the sole guide of faith, without reference to any uninspired writings, by which the Roman Catholics 1 ' would be excluded. -.„.--, .;, ,-. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock — The Unitarian^ do not believe ths whole Bible. They reject the first three chapters^ of Genesis, ' and the first two chapters of Matthew! If they ,. t d nitted them, I would defy them to deny the fall of man and the atonement. , ; , / .The Dean of Adelaide agreed with Df. Duncan, and; ivt .ring to Mr. Woodcock, said—' We must not run into a polemical discussion.' ;' .'.,.'. , ? - . ;; The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. :L-. ..t... ,Mr. ,Murray hoped he would be excused for taking the liberty of asking His Lordship to state wfcetner.he agreed wrtii the resolutions that had been passed? Hehimseli /believed his Lordship agreed with them, but it* -rots \- important that it should be known that he did so, as divers -,' ojiniorisas to his Lordship's sentiments had been circulated Jps Lordship said he did, decidedly. He agreed with the ? ;.finf%, ne agreed with the second, he apreed with the third ' ' -lie agreed with the fourth, and he agreed with the fifth. Tne Dean of Adelaide thought it was most desirable fo pll to sjeak their views plainly. Mr. Murray, a short tim- ..: ., before, had charged some of their body with inconsistency and he knew that strange notions had gone abroad as to then- opinions. He had heard it said that the Bishop was of the same opinion as M* Benthan* Neales and Mi. PrescW. His Lordship remembered Mr. Bentham Neales's telling him he had been asked to hedge, and saving that, he should have no objection to loans from the Treasury for ecclesi astical purposes; and he (the Bishop) had replied that it would oomo to mnch the same thing. He remembered nothing of Mr Prescott, more than that he once called on him and stated his views. The Dean of Adelaide had heard all sorts of reports as to the opinions of different men. He had heard it said that Mr. Oiles was willing to bike Government aid for buildings, though not for stipends. He was very anxious that the opinion of the Church Society should be distinctly stated. borne conversation followed as to the means of giving circulation to the resolutions, and thanks having been, voted to his Lordship for his conduct in the chair, the meeting separated. ' ' [We extract the above from the South Australian, as we had not been informed the meeting was to take place.] 