CORRESPONDENCE. THE POPERY OP THE CHURCH OP| ENGLAND. To .the Editor of the Dailt Times. Sib,—In resuming my work upon this subject, allow me to say a few words respecting the " Com mittee appointed to protect the interests of the Epis copal Church in South Australia." Their object evidently is, to free themselves from the Popery, which at present does exist, or hereafter may exist, in the bosom of the Church of England in this co lony. They have acted nobly, and have proved, themselves worthy of the trust reposed in them, and are entitled, not only to the confidence of their Epis copal brethren, but to the thanks of the community at large. I must, however, express my fears as to their ultimate success, unless they are prepared to take another step, and separate the Bible from the Mitre and Sceptre. Let them never forget their recorded declaration, " That profession of liberality, unsustained by acts, and even opposed by a formal instrument, containing the sign manual of Augustus Adelaide, are utterly worthless." From the above declaration, it is evident they hare no confidence in their Bishop. Tiien why allow their Ministers to be appointed by him under any circumstances? and why ask the Government for any model deed? when, as independent men, they are capable of judging and approving their own ministers, and securing their own property, in their own way, let them at once declare against State Grants, and State control, and act upon their own convictions. Popery will then be checked, their object will then he accomplished, and their names will be handed down to posterity as men of integrity and moral courage. On Tuesday, March 4th of the present year, at an adjourned meeting of the Port Adelaide Building Society, at St. Paul's Church, the Bishop in the chair, Captain Hart said—" Now that the site of the church had been determined on, he would express his doubts as to the legality of the Governor's grant from the revenue of public lands. He was of opinion that, although the Governor had the power, to grant waste lands for church purposes, he could not make out a public reserve to be waste lands according to the Act." Churchmen, mark the reply of tho State Bishop of South Australia. " The Bishop said possession was nine points in law, and if he had the church, he did not know what could dispossess him." The Bishop's maxim evidently is to get al he can, and to hold fast all he can get, whether legal or other wise. As sole Trustee, he has already seeured no small amount of public lands and funds, and let the Church Grant principle be admitted by our future representatives, and care will be taken to provide the means of supporting swarms of locusts to devour the whole. The Popery of the Church of England will be clearly shown in the following paralellisms, drawn by a Congregational Minister in England some years ago, and to which the attention of Episcopa lians in this colony is now earnestly invited. " I speak as unto wise men, judge ye what I say." Let us, then, remember— 1\. Both Churches were constructed by fallible men, and established by national laws, which laws became the rule of conduct, and the object of ulti mate appeal, both to the priests and the people. The New Testament is not the rule or law of Epis copalians or Catholics, as such. 2\. Both have visible and human heads, who de- ! cree all rites and ceremonies and exercise absolute authority in controversies of faith ; demanding im plicit obedience to their commands—whether agree able to Jesus Chris or not. 3\. Both are the prolific sonrce of party and parliamentary strife, thereby destroying the peace and harmony of the nation—scandalizing the Gos pel of Christ—and causing the enemies of religion to triumph. 4\. Both are supported by coercive taxation— Tithes, Bates, Dues, and Parlamentary Grants. Nothing is left to the zeal, charity, or piety of the people. They can withhold nothing from .the most unworthy clergymen. 5\. Both systems impose ministers on their con gregations, and very frequently the most unsuitable and incompetent, depriving the people of their rea sonable and Christian privilege of electing their own pastors. 6\. Bitli traffic in the souls of men,—Benefices involving the cure of souls, are bought and sold in the market by auction, equally with chariots, horses, or any any other properly, aad transferred to the highest bidden - 7\. Both have settled forms of Prayer, unalterable Liturgies, and articles of faith of human compo sition, to which all parties must subscribe. Nothing is left to the skill, piety, or devotion of the clergy. An ability to read is ail that is essential to the Priestly office. 8\. Both have long grades of officers, with titles and powers unknown to the New Testament—Arch bishops, Lord Bishops, Chancellors, Prebendaries, Canons, Deans, Hectors, Vicars, ami others, almost without end. 9\. Both divide their teritories into larger or smaller Sections, as Bishoprics, Archdeaconries, Deaneries, and parishes, and limit the labours of the Clergy to particular, districts, however confined their space or few their-population. 10\. Both make high pretences, to supernatural powers. The Bishops pretend to confer the Holy Ghost on the persons they ordain,and all the Clergy pretend to absolve men from all their sins upou a dying-bed. 11\. Both consider Baptism a real Regeneration; by this ceremony the subjects are made members of Christ, the Children of God, and Heirs of the Kingdom of Heaven; they alike employ Sponsors, and use the sign of the Cross. 12\. Both perform the ceremony of Confirmation, in which the Bishop tells the young people, whet evcr be their moral character, that they were all regenerated by the Holy Ghost at their Baptism, and assures them of the favour of God. 13\. Both awfully pervert the S ic anient of the Lord's Supper. Priests' administer it at ail altar to kneeling, and often ungodly, communicants; one church calls it " Transhnstantion," and the other iu the Homilies a " Marvellous Incorporation." 14\. Both display a cruel and persecuting spirit, anathematizing or excommunicating (to the loss of character, property, and liberty,) those who do not avowedly conform (see first twelve canons). They have alike put thousands of Dissenters to death. 35\. Both are peculiarly sectarian, treating Non doftformists with contempt, confining their central, infant, and other schools, colleges, and charities, to their own parties, and. inculcating Sectarianism with the utmost assiduity. 16\. Both systems tend to make Ministers haughty, avaricious, and petulant, frequently produce strife between Pastor ami people, introduce idle and ungodly persons, and protect their vices. 17\. Both Churches with unalterable creeds, and ] minutely defined rubrics, with vows and solemn •! asseverations, tolerate every wild notion and heresy in existence, and produce a body of religious hypocrites. 18\. Both are .upheld by the Secular arm, fear, ignorance, avarice, and corruption, by denouncing the loss of business, reputation, and even of salva tion on seceders, while profligates are seldom mark ed men. 19\. Both treat all their conforming parishioners alike, whether good, bad, or indifferent. The same words are addressed to all; the same ceremonies performed by all. " There is- no difference between the clean and the unclean." 20\. Both have a great deal of pomp and cere mony in their worship; standing, sitting, kneeling, bowing, turning towards the altar, dresses, etc., all calculated to afford ignorant persons a deceitful gronndof hope and confidence in their own "bodily exercises." 21\. Both attach extravagant and unchristian no tions of sanctity to their places - of -worship, their clerical habits, titles, and ministerial performances, | their character is indelibly sacred, their churches holy, their doings only efficacious. 22\. Both prefer exclusive claims to Ministerial efficiency, not from the piety, talents, and zeal of their preachers, but from the superstitious and un supported notion* of Apostolical succession and; Frelatical ordination. ! 23\. Both read portions of the Apocrypha as jk part, or in the place of the Word of God, g&sj; Church of England omits tha public readingofllP' chapters of the Bible, and substitutes 101 chapters of the Apocrypha. 24\. Both enjoin the re^gieus observance of nu merous holy days every year, ffi commemoration of. some of the most proflgate and tyrannical beings that ever existed. The English hierarchy has ap pointed (independent of Sundays,) mnety-flv# ' fasting days, and thirty-one days of feasting.' 25\. Both churches, by extreme unction, or the sacrament and bnrial service, professedly send all their people to heaven, hless God for taking the most impenitent wretch to Himself, and commit his body to the dust, in snre and certain hope of the " Resurrection to eternal life." "In a word, both systems are unscripinral, and have sadly failed to answer the end for which mil lions of money are annually expended, and for which the Son of God introduced his Gospel into the world. w It is a question of some difficulty whether die Church of England be really and truly entitled to the application of Protestant. That it is the least reformed of all the Protestant Churches is univer sally admitted. "Consequently, the sooner these hierarchies are reformed, and assimilated to the model of the earliest churches, the better. Let every enlightened member of them put his shoulder to the wheel without hesitation or fear." Between the mother and daughter there is bat little-'-differcnce, Loth are productive of much evil; let not the sincre dissenter be taxed to support either the one or the other, in this colony. May State Grants, which aid error probably qiqre .than truth, be abolished for ever, and Christians dv«U together in harmony and love. _ i I have the honour to be, Sir, s a Your obedient servan t. HENRY CHEETHAM. Congrcgutioual Pastor, Buna Bum, 