THE LATE KING OF THE FRENCH, REMARKABLE allegations were made in a bank ruptcy case before Mr. Commissioner Pony barque. Mr. Stephen Charles Lakeman appeared on his final examination as to the press pony and transactions of his late bankrupt firm He stated that, in May, 1847, having twice previously been a bankrupt, he went into parts nership with Monsieur Charles, solicitor of the Due de Nemours and General de Rumigny, aide-de-camp of the late King of the French, for " political purposes." Among other objects contemplated by the establishment of his firm, was the negotiation of a loan from the Messrs, Baring and other houses, to the Count de Neuilly, of twenty-one millions francs ; which were to be employed in buying up the debts of the late King at (their current discount of forty per cent, and in establishing a Paris journal in favour of the exiled house. " It was hoped also to engage the affections of the manufacturers of France towards the house of Orleans, by making pecuniary advances to them upon consignments of goods." Large consignments of potatoes had been thus received, and the advances made on them had yielded profits. Mr. Linl.latir declared that there was not the least pretence for the claim of £4000 made for commission on the pretended loan frost Messrs. Baring. The Bankrupt-" I honestly believe that the claim is a valid one and that such evidence will be given by members of some of the first houses in London, who were treated with in the negotiation of the loan, as will establish its i If the family of Count de Neuilly have any moral feeling, they will pay the money." Other claims on the French GUY eminent being contested, Mr. Graham, the Official Assignee, was appealed to. He informed the Commissioner, that some of the claims on the French Government appeared to him prima facie just and valid. He had a letter from the French Government, in which they admitted that the goods had been supplied by the banks nips, but disputed their liability. The Commissioner thought that no good could arise from adjourning the examination. A great deal had already been stated which had nothing to do with the case as it concerned the Court of Bankruptcy. The bankrupt was allowed to pass. The statements made by Mr. Lakeman in reference to the loan from Messrs. Baring having have been declared " entirely false, by the English solicitor of the late Count de Neuilly, Mr. John Parkinson; who has written to the Times, stating-" His Majesty informed me in. June in last, when a claim was made upon him for the commission referred to, that until then he was entirely ignorant even of the name of Lakeman, and that he had never authorised his aide-decamp, General Ilumigny, either, verbally or other wise, in any way to enter upon the transaction alluded to by Mr. Lakeman and his Majesty instructed me to defend any action that might be commenced against him for the commission claim 'd ; but none has been brought." SECESSION FROM THE (tHC UCI OF ROM as. Eastwood, Esq., of Brindle Lodge, a magistrate of the county and borough of Lancaster, has, with Mrs. Eastwood and his family, renounced the errors of the Roman Catholic Church. In consequence of a representation made to the Horse Guards that the addresses of the Rev. Ignatius Collingridge, the Roman Catholic The priest officiating at the chapel in St Peter street, in this city, were calculated to have a prejudicial influence on the loyal character of our troops, orders were last week received that their attendance at the chapel should be diss continued. Hampshire Chronicle, Two Spanish officers recently met to fight a duel outside the gate of Bilbao, after the seconds, had failed to reconcile the belligerents. " We wish to fight-to fight to death, they replied to the representations of their companions. At this moment, a poor fellow, looking like the ghost of Romeo's apothecary, approached the seconds, and in a lamentable voice said, " Gentlemen, I am a poor artisan with a large family, and if you-" "My goodman, don't trouble us now," cried one of the officers, *' don't you see my friends are going to spit each other? We are not in a charitable humour." "It is not alms I ask for," said the man, I am a poor carpenter with eight children, and my wife is sick and having heard that those gentlemen were about to kill each. other, I thought of asking you to let me make the coffins." At these words the individual about to commence the combat, burst into a loud fit of laughter, and, simultaneously throw ing down their swords, shook hands with each other, and walked away. 