WANTED TO KNOW. If steam-ships are used in navigating the "sea of troubles." If ships in " stays" are addicted to " tight lacing." .If it is owing to the rate of interment being cheap, that so many are buried " in oblivion." Whether the sun shone duiing the " dark ages." Whether the " tale" which the ghost of Hamlet's father could unfold, was " founded on fact." The elevation of the "pinnacle of fame" above the ocean. The extreme length of the " Long Parliament." If hydropathic treatment would be likely to tCW'S the " eruptions" of Mount Etna. " I say," said a creditor to an easy debtor, " your note has been running a long time." " Ah !" replied the other, " well, as the boy said of the treacle, ' let her run.'" The Pittsburg Commercial Journal Says that mosquitoes are very small insects, but one has been known to move a man weighing two hundred pound*, and keep him moving a whole night after. A schoolboy, repeating his Latin gram mar incorrectly, &aid; to bis master that he had not the bump for learning Latin. " In that case," said the master, " 1 will give it you"—boxing his ears. Miss Martineau says that " Love, like the plague, is ofton communicated by clothes and money." Stdnet Markets.—Our markets, says the Morning Herald of April the 13th, have been inactive throughout the week ; some few orders are being executed for out ports, but our export trade is limited) recent advices from San Francisco tending much to depress prices of many articles, for which, during the last and preceding winter, there was ahrlak demand. The trade continue to operate cautiously, not buying for speculation, and apparently looking forward to a dull winter. Large quantities of goods come forward too quickly, which will interfere much with the invoice of consigned goods now to hand; a loss on both will most probably be the result, as few articles leave a profit to compensate for the deficiency oh many of the present importations; Not only are the various traders importing sufficient to supply their own demand, but in many, instance# are receiving a surplus for sale in the market,—this system will shortly work its own rain; each succeeding invoice mast be cleared off to make room for others; to effect this object in our limited market a sacrifice must be made, the groat evil of our community being an anxiety to dabble in. matters unconnected with the trade of each, from which trade the profits derivable nnder ordinary circumstances are very handsome,' and risks comparatively trifling. Proposed German Settlement.—A German; who has received letters of naturalization, has been deputed by about one hundred and fifty of has countrymen residing in South Australia, to obtain a Site for a German Settlement in this district, and it has been stated that he had arrived in Portland to purchase land. We are glad to hear it, for die more we have of those sober, orderly people the better.-^ Melbourne Weekly Dispatch. 