VARIETIES. FEMALE AUTHORS.-- 'Do you really write for the press? asked the captain of his fair neigh- bour. 'You need not look so alarmed,' answered she, laughing, ' it is only a spiteful invention of the general, to damage my chances of getting married.' 'Is the pen so insurmountable an obstacle to the ring, that a lady who uses it for any other purpose must never hope to sign her marriage contract?' inquired St. Gervais. ' So it would seem, replied Ada. 'From the earliest time a woman wedded to letters has been com- pelled to renounce all hopes of other espousals. The beauty and rank of Minerva in the court of Juniter could not make any of the male deities overlook her intellectual superiority; the Muses. were old maids ; Sappho broke her neck in the hope of curing her heart broken by man's neglect; Aspsia, I am afraid, was not a married woman and; to come to more modern examples, Hannah More, Jane Porter, Misses Pickering, Austin, Strickland, Bremer, Pardoe, Costello, are notable proofs that a feiale once -'oonvioted of litera turo' may make up her mind to solitary confine meet for life in tie world she presoumes to oreate for herself.' .'And vet,' said St. Gervais, 'it would be easy to drami up a list of married au thoresses as long, if not extending so far into antiquity, as yours of spinsters Wht\Vi say you .to 3lesdames. Sevigne,. do Genlis, de.Stael, d'Arblariv Mistresses .Radaliffe, Trollope, Gore, Marsh, Gentlivre, Opie, Incichbald, Norton, Hall; Ladies Blessington, Morgan, Georgina Fullerton, ard many more whom I could- naue? ' "Why, 1 say,' rejoined the indomnitable heroine, that all these, ais fir as I know, wore oraneo blossom be fore they assumed the bay'leaf. 11e never heard of Mrs Trollope or Mrs, Gore ,by their maiden titles. Miss Laiidon is the only scribe I remem ber who was ever invited to change the.nanme she had made famous.'-Claude; or, The Double Sacrifice.. HA. leeIr's Tone --A trip from Copenhagen to Elsinore took us through, two of those royal re sidences that are to pass into other hands--viz., Friedensbounrg, about twenty - two miles from Copenhagen; anrd Marielust, at.Elsinore. .Ma rienlnst is a desolate plce oin April, but most beautiful when its trees, gardene and statutes are docked in smnumer garb. Situated on a declivity sloping to the sea, .the chateau looks out uponi the clear waters of the sound, glistening with sharp reflections in the sunlight, and bounded'on the horizon by the` pleasant hills of the Swedish coast. On one side-the stronghold of Cronberg, which defends the passages of the sound, rears its Elizabethan towers ; whilst in the distance behind glisten the white house of Helmsborg in Sweden, crowned by an ancient tower frdwning in dark tones.on the surrounding country. The in nuimerable shipping that stud the waters increase the charm of a lanseape unsurpassed in the beauty of its hue,, the variety of its component parts, and the brilliancy of its colours. Turiiing fbr an instant from this pleasing picture, a different one piresentsitself. ' l ia senady nook, away from the sea, the eye rests on.ia pleasant grove of trees. There, in a sequestered spot, near a bawling limpid stream, stands the tomb of Hanm let. 'Tis a little mound of earth, on the top of which stands a small obelisk. This obelisk, formed of stones neatly surpoised, resembles a section of a cone. 11o inscription breaks the mystery of the place, and the oinid wanders un disturbed in Slhnkspearian dream, and such reve ries as moss and lichen can create. The ghost of tihe Prince of D)enmark has never frightened the peacefil inhabitants of M?arienlust, and to this may be ascribed the unbelief of Elsinore gossips that Hamlet ever lived in dlght but the imagi nation of our best known dramatist.--Tour in the North of Europe. E?coUnAoGeueNT FOR S.?oKERns.-Tlho Msessa goro of Modena, of the 25th ult., publishes a sen tence cor.demninge seveen young men to various periods of impirisonment, not exceeding .three montlis, with bread and water three times a week, and three of them besides, to thirty, twenty, and fifteen strokes of the bastinado respectively, for attempting to prevent people from smoking. The Biologna Gazette publishes a notification from Count Nobili military commandacit of the city, threatening heavy penalties. against any person or persons attempting Ito prevent others from smoking.-Italian Paper. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamr Euxine, Captain iEvans, arrived at Satth am ton, on Tuesday, from Constantinople, Smyrna, iMalta, and G!braltar. Among her passengers was Sir James Brooke, K. C. B., Rljah of Sara wak and Governor of Berneo. A correspondent at Liverpool, whose letter we have just received, takes a less hopefil view .than we isave exprelsed in our banking artiolo on the authority- of other writers from that town. lie savs : " I fear that we are on the brink or a great evil here, as this insane and most illegitimate speculation in cotton is recoiling upon the pro jeetors. Instemd of a crop of 2,000,800 as a max imum, we are likely to have 2 300,000 at the very least; indeed, the receipts at the ports still exceed 40,000 bales per week; and I put the crop at 2,300,000 to 2,400,000 "With our false premises swept away, our false prices have vanished very rapidly, us. you will see from the enclosed ; but much will depend upon the next steamer's odvices due here on Sunday. 1From this date to Monday next some-£1,500,000 of cotton bills fall due, drawn against cotton costing £3 per bale above present prices. Of course this produces much personal evil, and many of our speculators must give way; also some of the brokers who have too heedlgssly led SGREAT BOAT RACE FOR THE 'CUAMPION-SHIP OF TH? TIIAMES AND £400.-The: competitors on this occasion, wero Robert Coombes, the re nowned champion of the Thames, and Thomas M'Kinney, of Richmond, who aspired to that ho norary dis;inction. To enumerate the various conflicts in which the former has been success fully engaged would be to fill a v'olume ; never did any man so well and so hardly earn thlo'envi able distinction as champion as he has done, op posed, as he has overbeen, to superior weight, and in his earlier career othei disadvantages to contain against. lie first came into notice as a sculler in 1835, and. from that time, stop by stop, ascended the mountain of celebrity, until his late final triumph. He twice was a compe titan to the championship against Charles Camp ball, who had long held it. In the first of these matches, from Westminster to Putney, thirteen years ago, he was defeated without standing a shadow of a chance, but after a succession of struggles, attended with better success, he ro nowed his claim to the title, and after an inter val of something like-eight vears, rowed and de feated Charles Campbell with about the same ease as the other had previously vanquished- him. Robert Newal, a capital sculler, and truly game followe, has thrice tried, but in vain, to pluck the laurels from his browr; the renowned Henry Clasper, the hero and champion of the Tyne, threw down the gauntlet, but was worsted by the champion, who has been, and still is, invineible. Of Mt'Kinney, much loss can be said, as lie has neither been.so long afloat, nor distinguished himself in the same manner as his antagonist. H1is great debut was in' 1845, as the winner of Mr -Evan Morris's coat and badge at the Thames Rqgattta. He subsequently exhibitted much gamo and stamina, defeated Thomas Coombes, and in the seullers' contest at the Thames boat race last season, so bore away the palm from the fastest man of the day, excopting 1. Coombes, as to in duce his friends to back him for a stake of £200 to contend for the championship on Wednesday. Coombes took his station on the Middlesex side, at the centro arch of Putney-bridge, his opponent being on the Surrey side: At twelve minutes and a half past six a capital start was effected, and .MI'Kiinney immediately- began to showth'e stem of Iis boat slightly in. front, and up to opposite Messrs. Senirle's premises might be said to have retained precisely the same lead, as though sta tionmary. From this place, amidst the deafening shouts from all sides, M'Kinney forced his pace so as to get his boat completely clear of his adl versary; .but he was not allowed to enjoy the "p ide of place." The pace on both sides was killing, and it was obvious that one or the other must soon give way. On nearing Craven Cottage, the renowned champion put on a spurt which in a dozen strokes changed the aspect of things, and ilaced -Ihis. boat's nose a couple of feet in front. I'IKinney appllied himself again to his work with even inoreased power, but Coombes held his slight lead only for a moment, for in the next hie again "put the steam on" to such a tune as to show his morn youthful adversary tlhat lie was invinci ble. The heat of the contest might now have been considered partially abated, but the courage displayed by M'Kinmne, and his repeated attempts to rerin his lost position must lave been most satisfiatory'; more so indeed than his style, which was embarrassed, and far inferior to his oppo nent's, which indeed might be fairly considered as the finest development of the art of rowing ever witnessed. All M'Kinnev's efforts, plucky as they certainly were, were unnavailing. Coombehs went through Hamnmeramith-bridge two clear lengths aheado, increased it gradually, and won by a dozen or more lengths; thus retaining his title of Chanmpion of the Thames and the Tyno, besides the valuable consideration of £400 stakes. The timeoccupied by the winner was 27 minutes 30 seconds. BuoAroeD, May 15.-The prevailing dulnoss still continues, and the purchse chiefly to supplyr ifrmediate re unre . nor is the quantity cumin, to laud b of fornmer vePrs. Pl ices arr vto lamd t and mouhair wools tler ' .is ru a l i with scarelE ny supply in thie ork t may he quoted id toIdI per lb. thi5ie mariket day. There is a l coo1ider le yarns going to coIIsUr ltioul, aU por't houses doing their usual si~ wotuld iummediately Lave ai u s . t S which calnnot now be lon ge, di te mand for rices goods to.-day a p q _mated, and we believe the tranrsa ctio a broader scale than for some 1e o? fear without arny inp Coveretia I"oe)P LEnos, May lJ3.--T'le market i.drh a quiet one, alud the woollen trade aio 5e tinues without change. Stocks ar er t prices are firmer. S er pji HIlsoDEaSFrIEr, fs 13.IOurot t little more business has been luonec crupes and black doeskins have e i and sales generally efced in oIit 2s toSs per yard. Tihe arehlOLues ii rather flat during the week, and the trade is quiet at present. In wo notsh r et been done. n To IALIFAx, May 10O.-Our piece.hallat r butslenderly attendled by buyers to-da inquiry for worsted goods is very litif to the absence of orders fur the c rntinEn th, trade remains in a languid conlditio the transactions in wool are not een the quotations have not undergone anOr RocoDALE, May i I.'-To-day Ie " Cs the dullest markets we have had this pieces. There has been a thin attend for buyers, and those who have been pre evinced no disposition to Ipurchlas. T 1 been little doing inl wool, but former e Ore been fully maintained. tie EXTENT OF TIHE GLASS PALA.CE 'fhe the Palace is itself the grandest feature of th is hibition. Not only in its extent, and its less beauty of form and material, but likt the rapidity of its construction, it is th mnarvellois edifice in the world. The Al r and the Tuilleries would not fill u the e and western naves, and the Nationl d st wrould stand very well beneath the transept Paul's Cathedral does not cover half the The Palace of Versailles, the largest ro m11 wrorld, would extend but a little a-n bheond The transopt. A dozen metropolitan church i0 stand erect under its roof of glass. ?et its telt is its least interesting feature. The ofits marvellous beauty overcomes esert p05 feeling. Since tihe young inmgionation, - with tales of spirites and genii, eonjurn AB visions of Eastern palaces, adorned with splendours of Arabian fiction, there has i nothiung to compare with it for grace, light faney, and a variety of effects as the sn i crossed by moving clouds. That this edit,? been raised and completed in five months-t . in November last not a pillar had been es and now the whole structure is finished, Io By minutest point of decoration-is a faet to press the stranrer with a magnificent conce of our industrial resources. By 1'TusE CaossnILS (Loxia curvirostra.)-_. is an odd superstition connected with thes~e in Thuringia, which makes the wood-cuttens By careful of the nests. The crossbills in capti are subject to many diseases, such as weaker swelled and ulcerated feet, tic., arising pro from tile heat and aceumnulted vapours oft By stove-heated rooms where they are kept. I Thuringian mountaineer believes that tl wretched birds can take upon themselvres anr eases to which lie is subject, and always lk 'Il some near him. He is satisfied that;hird rt upper mandible bends to the right, has the ierof transferring colds and rheumatistnim ai nsan to itself; and itf the mandible turns to I left, he is equally certain that the bird can E ll der tihe same service to the woman. The erns dc bill is often attacked with epilepsy, and the Ti c ringiians drink every dlay the water left by I bn bird as a specific against that disease.-Brd ni rip's Zoological recreations. ee ,The Rev. J. Kenrick, whoso name has been hir promuinently brought beforo.the public in ce E quenice of his refusal to burry, at Chichester, dissenting minister and a woman who had d e stroyed herself in a fit of insanity, has resign E the vicarages of St Peter the Great, Chichesr value £150 and of North lIarden, valieo £65. 