AN IRISH ORTIIOGRAPIIIST. " The dancing-master, briefly named as a ould Lynch,' was scarcely in practice at the period of the story. He was an original in many respects, and, like his brethren of like degree in Ireland, in a eonstantllutter of faded finely and actual poverty. He succeeded a worthy named Hearne-a nom de guerre, his enemies averred, for the less euphonious one of Herring. Whatever his name, the man was an original in his way. Referred himself a poet, and was particularly fond of taking his favourite pupils aside to communicate to them, sotto voce, the latest productions of his muse ; it being expected that, a little later in the evening, the favoured individuals should delicately draw him out and solicit him to a public recital of his verses. After a good deal of pressing on their part, and a show of resistance on his (which every one un- understood), the little dancing-master would mount on a table, deliver a flourishing pro- face in prose, and then go through the recitation, in a manner which sat description at defiance. At the conclusion of this feat, which was duly encored, Hearne was went to distribute copies of his composition, printed on whitey-brown paper, and the tribute of a fivepenny hit was expected in acknowledgment of the same-simply, us he said, "to pay for the printing." He had such a peculiar system of orthography spelling the words by the sound that I venture, with all due diffidence, to put forward his claim to take precedence of the interesting and worthy founders and con- ductors of that newspaper nondescript The Phonetic Nuz. By some accident I have preserved a copy of one of Hearne's poetical compositions, in which his own mode of spelling is carefully preserved, and I subjoin it as a curiosity-a specimen of what emanated, some forty years ago, from one who belonged to the peculiar class (of which Grant Thorburn is the head) worthy of being called the illiterate Literati " ' A few lions addressed in presse of Mr John Anderson, Esquire, by his humble servant, and votary of the Muses, Win. Ahearne, professor of dancing.' Who lives in this Emden which lies to the caste Of Fermoy ould bridge and its piillasiules He is the best man on the Muck water's breast, As thousands from poverty he has razed. "There's no grand Pear in all Drop this tiny With him can compare most certainly, In buildings town of busy and sway As Formby and its gay sweet liberty. Nor, weigh well the case between him and those who travel the globe and fair 3tly, After Rkroo/.hing theil tinuants hard when at home, And spending their store most foolishly.' " Wordsworth has left a poem, consisting of fourteen cantos, descriptive of his life, reflections, and opinions, with directions that it should be published after his decease, together with such biographical notices as as may he requisite to illustrate his writings, under the editorial care of his nephew, the Rev. Christopher Wordsworth, D.D., canon of Westminster, whom he has appointed his literary executor, so far as his biographical memoir is concerned, with the expression of a desire that his family, executors, and friends would furnish his biographer with such materials as may be useful for his assistance in the preparation of the work. Tub Struggle;!? of Genius. Chantrey began life in a workshop. A friend, towards the close of the artist's life, passing through his studio, was slvuckTby a head of Milton's Satan lying in a corner " That head," said Chantrey to his visitor, " was the very first thing that I did after I came to London. I worked at it in a garret, with a paper cap on my heart, and, as I could then afford only one candle, I stuck that one in my cap that it might move along with me, and give me light which- ever way I turned. Chantrey was born in 1782, at Norton, in Derbyshire, and when eight years old lost his father. His mother married again, and in 1798 at his own request he was apprenticed to a Mr Ramsay, a wood carver in Sheffield. At the house of his master the apprentice often met Mr. Raphael Smith, known for his admirable crayon drawings. The acquaintance led to a more refined appreciation of art, and excited in the youth so strong a desire to cultivate it in a higher sphere that at the age of twenty-one he gave to his master the whole of his wealth, arno anting to £50, to cancel his indentures. Had he waited patiently for six months longer, his liberty would have been his own, in bought. - Leaving the Carver's shop Chantrey began to study in earnest. He painted a few portraits, which brought him in a little money, and, with a little more borrowed from his friends, he started for London, Here guided by common sense, he sought employment as an assistant carver. He might have starved had he started as a professional painter. While labouring for subsistence Chantrey still used his brush, and also laid the foundation of his coming success, by making models in clay of the human figure. He hung -drapery on these models " that he might getting perfect knowledge of the best ways thus should represented," and when he had completed one figure or mass of drapery he pulled it down again and began to model another differently arranged. In 1808 Chantrey's first" imaginative work was exhibited. It was the head of Sitian produced in the garret For eight years, according to Chantrey himself, he did not gain £5 by his modelling A fortunate commission, however, Mhe bust of Horne Tooke finally obtained for him other commissions, amounting altogether to £12,000. In 1811 " he married his cousin Miss Wale ; with this lady he received £10,000. In 1892 he executed for the city of London a statue in marble of George III. placed in the council chamber in Guildhall, and in 1847 he produced the exquisite monument-not to be surpassed for (en- det ness of sentiment and poetic beauty of the two children whose death this piece of sculpture now commemorates in Lich- field cathedral. In 1818 he was elected an associate of the Royal Academy, and as soon after as the practice of the academy admitted, he was elevated to the rank of academician. From this period until his death, in 1841, the career, of the sculptor - was a series of noble and well rewarded efforts. He amassed a fortune, which at his death he bequeathed to the Royal Academy for the promotion of British art. He was a favoured subject of three successive Sovereigns, And the friend and companion of of the most illustrious amongst his contemporaries. His death was somewhat singular. For two years he had been in a declining state of health, but his condition had given his friends no immediate alarm. On the 23rd of November he wrote to Sir Charles Clarke from Norwich, expressing his intention of going to town on the following day, and announcing an invitation to Audley end, which he had accepted on the 8th of the following month. On Thursday, the 25th of November, a friend called at his horse in London, between five and six o'clock, and was pressed to dine. As he could not do so, Chantrey accompanied his visitor on his way home as far as Buckingham Palace, complaining on the way of a slight pain in the stomach, but at the same time receiving his friend's condolences with jokes and laughter. The clock struck seven when the friends shook hands and parted. At nine Chantrey was dead Atlas. The " Prince" of the Against NIANS. An account of this personage is given in a short pamphlet written by " Arthur Augustus Rees," minister of the Free Chapel, Sunderland. This gentleman was, it appears, for seven years, 1836 43, the bosom friend of the " Servant of the Lord," from the time he entered as a student, St. David's College, Lampeter. During a portion of this period he describes his life to have been most exemplary. " The forenoon was given to study, and the rest of the day to prayer, the Bible, and meditation." The life and writings of " Gerhard Tcrstecgen" fell into his hands, and soon a change was perceived in him. He became more desirous to perform the Divine will, even in the minutest affairs of life. At length he determined not to say or do anything without some intimation from above. " For example," writes 'Mr Rees, " If Mr P. were about to take a walk, and there were every appearance of rain, he would not carry out his umbrella without first seeking the Divine will," be soon abandoned his own judgment altogether, and from believing that he ought to renounce it, he came at last to believe that he might act contrary to if. Two sentences from Mr Rees' pamphlet show the progress made by the " Servant of the Lord" between the years 1837, and the point he finally reached. Having pursued the course above-named for several years, he was now induced to believe that he was under complete and conscious subjec- tion to the Holy Ghost within him, and that he said or did nothing without His immediate direction. * * * The stage before was, that the Holy Ghost had absolute dominion over his soul ; the stage now was, that the Blessed Spirit was personally united to him or, to use his own words, that he was the Holy Ghost personified." Mr Ethan Spikes Speech ron General Taylor.-" Who's General Taylor ?" says I . ' He's one of the people," says I. " He paint a lady foley," say I, _ " nor-a Whig, nor a free style, nor nothin else," says I. " He can lick Mexicans Tisler's you can say Jack Robinson," says I, " an hates niggers more'n he does prison. I go for him," says T, "neck or nothing, now and henceforth, tin if there's one individual in the sound of my voice as isn't a _ Taylor man, an drastic ovvm ii," say I, " I'll lick him, darn him ;" says I. When I got this oil' the cheering and stamping was dreadful, an father who was a leetle groggy-sung act as loud as he could ball, " Them's um ! Go it' Ethan, give it to 'em! Hooray 1 Hooray;" Authentic throwed off his hat an stamped on it, and kicked round in screeched an squalled in such a chair tilly way that they had to tie him to carry him him." An Aphorism women Ends in a Com- pliment It is a law of nature that nothing ever goes to loss. Bad wine williams very tolerable vinegar ; spoiled hay is converted into good manure and do a very middling lawyer often drops down into a very respectable judge.- Confessions of Con Grogan Society is like a glass of ale the dregs go to the bottom, the froth and seem to the surface, and the substance, or the better portion remains about the centre. A tradesman at Lynn Offers one penny reward for the recovery of an apprentice who has walked away from his employment being too lazy to rim. French Espionaof.-The Message. deluSemaine relates the following anecdote : " On Wednesday last a member of the Mountain, style has made himself remarkable by his eccentric conduct, arrived at the Assembly in a state of great agita- tion. He met one of the Ministers in the lobby, and, addressing him in an abrupt and familiar manner, talked to him of the patience, calmness, and noble attitude of the people, who mistrust the provokes of civil war. " It nevertheless appears," replied the Minister, " that you occupy yourself with civil war.' "What do you mean ?" asked the Montagnard. " Certainly you do," said the Minister; whence do you come at this moment?" "From my place," said the Montagnard, rather embarrassed. . It is not long that you have been in your place," said the Minister ; " for two hours ago you were in a wine shop at Belleville where you were treating soldiers to drink in order to se- duce them from their duty. You did not succeed, and it appears it is that which has annoyed you"- The devil !'' said the Montagnard, " how do you know that ?" " Here is a report which has been sent me, said the Minister, drawing a paper from his pocket ; " take care that you are not caught there again.'' - The hon citizen walked off without saying another word.' The following writing was posted near the Church of Santa Maria del Popolo in Rome, and in other parts of the city, on Sunday, the 8th ultimo, when the Pope went to celebrate the anniversary day of the Virgin : Morte a Pio IX. Mazzini vivo lungainento La Republics oil nut dolce Governors put inflame Governor - e quote der Press Abasso garroters der Press ii Dominion del Popolo reigns material If you read the two inscriptions in one line across the column, the sense of the first inscription is applicable to that of the second, thus : Death to Pius the Ninth Muxzini long life to him the Republic is the sweetest of governments the most infamous of cov- . , , ernments is that of the Priests down with the power of the Priests the dominion of the people may it reign for ever Hints for Suitings' Officers, All the cunning devices of the process- server I narrated with a gusto that smacked of my early training: how, sometimes, my crafty patent would append a summons to the collar of a dog, and lie in wait till he saw the owner take it off and read it, and then, emerging from his conceal- ment, cry out, " Starved," and take to his heels and again, how once he succeeded in " saving " old Andy himself, by appearing as a beggar woman, and begging him to light a bit of paper to light her pipe. The moment, however, he took the bit of twisted paper, the assumed beggar woman screamed out, " Andy, ye're starved: that's a process, my man!" The shock almost took Andy's life. Confessions of Con Gregan. 