CORRESPONDENCE. THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND A SIGNAL AND MISERABLE FAILURE. To the Editor of the Daily Times. Burra Burra, May 6,1851. Sik—In my last letter, I endeavoured to show that the English State Church had been eminently suc cessful in procuring pecuniary; advantages, and worldly honours, on behalf of its adherents; of state bishops it is said, " They huut alter wealth with a step as steady as time, and an appe tite as keen as death," of which the following facts are given in proof of such an assertion. The late Archbishop of Canterbury left a fortune of one hun dred thousand pounds, which he bequeathed to his rich relatives, aud not a penny to the poor. Accord ing to a return made to Parliament in May, 1845, the revenue of the then twenty-six state bishops of tho Poor Man's Church, paid to them in 1848, amounted to two huntbed and. six thousand and forty-seven pounds. From another Parliamentary return, as stated in the House of Commons, by Captain Osborne, eleven Irish state bishops, left wealth to the amonut of one million eight hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds. The following is the list extracted from the Parliamentary return. Probates of Wills of Irish Bishops. Stopford, Bishop of Cork £25,000 Percy, Bishop of Druraore .... 4* *,000 Cleaver, Bishop of Ferns 50,000 Bernard, Bishop of Limerick .. 60,000 Knox, Bishop of Killaloe 100,000 Fowler, Bishop of Dublin 150,000 Beresford, Bishop of Tuam.... 250,000 i Hawkins, Bishop of Raphoe .. 250,000 Stnart, Bishop of .Armagh ...i $00,000 Porter, Bishop of Clogher .... 250,000 Agar, Bishop. ofr-Coshel 490,000 £1,875,000 Such are the enormous sums of wealth accumu lated, and left at death by the princely prelates of the state church, in one of the poorest, worst fed, and worst clad of all the nations on the face of the earth. The English state church in Ireland, has been described by the Hon. T. B. Macaulay, as the " most utterly absurd, and indefensible^ of all the institutions now existing in tho civilized world." And by Mr Roebuck, as " the greatest ecclesiasti cal enormity in Europe." This is evidently not the Chnrch of Christ. Christianity teaches "that bishops should not be given to filthy lucre." _ It is a costly, pernicious, aristocratic, and political insti tution, which If at all designed to promote tho glory of God in the salvation of mankind, has been clearly proved, after an experiment of three hun dred years, to be a signal and miserable failure. If in the acquisition of wealth and political power, it has been singularly successful, in the following par ticulars, as stated by my brother pastor, before allu ded to, it has been anything but successful. 1\. If to promote nothing bat the pure religion of the New Testament, it has miserably failed, for it has also, and chiefly promoted sentiments, rites, and practices, having no foundation or countenance in the word of God. 2\. If to maintain only the Protestant religionin opposition to Popery, it has signally failed, having preserved and promulgated most of the peculiar, and distinctive dogmas and ceremonies of Romanism. 3\. If to secure doctrinal unanimity in this king dom, it has sadly failed, for leaving all dissentiug opinions ont of the question, its clergy hold, and advocate all the varied creeds of Christendom. 4\. If to enforce national uniformity, it has equally failed; for notwithstanding all its laws, canons, courts, and curses, a large proportion of the profes sing public has wholly left its communion. 5\. If to convert the souls of the population, it has iwfully failed; for according to some of its best writers, comparatively few of its own ministers and members, are really renewed by divine grace. 6\. If to moralize the nation, it has fearfully failed; for with many pleasing exceptions, the balk of avowed and recognised conformists, set at defiance every sacred rale of Scriptural and genuine morality. 7\. If to ensure civil obedience to the powers that be, it has fearfully failed; for of all the multitudes that crowd our jails, hulks, and penal settlements, nearly all of them are ignorant and criminal epis copalians. 8\. If to educate all the young in the doctrines and principles of the gospel, it has failed; for the igno rance of the lower classes of conformists, especially in large towns and rural districts, is great, and al most universal. 9\. If the temporal benefit of the poor were in tended, it has grievously failed ; for it has not only robbed them of their ancient ecclesiastical resources, but is now filching them, iudirectly, of several mil lions a year. 10\. If to exhibit Clerical humility it has failed for, with some few exceptions, a more haughty, vain, conceited, pompons, and overbearing class of national functionaries, is not to bo found in the country. 11\. If to manifest Pastoral deadness to tho wealth cf the world, it has failed—for the zeal of the Priesthood, in grasping the last sheaf, egg, or po tatoe that the law allows, is everywhere notorious. 12\. If to keep up a competent ministry in eveiy parish, it has wofully failed—k being avowed by bigh Church organs, that a large portion of the are " leading their flocks to the Chambers of 13\. If to guarantee the rights and liberties of the opto, it has failed—for of all the institutions in e country, none have so strenuonsly opposed the tension of civil and religions liberty, as the State burch. ..... .., 14\. If to preserve national tranquility, it is a fail e for, from its origin to the present moment, it is been a source of more " envy, hatred, malice, id all uncbaritableneas," than any other cause batever. ... 15\. If to unite Pastor and People in the bonds of nfidence and love, it has also failed—for of all the cial and religious connexions in existence, there not another so generally destitute of mutual at chment. , 10\. If to draw forth Christian liberality, it .has together failed—for it leaves nothing to gene sity—jt demands your money, and will have it to e lost farthing—or sell your goods, and seed you gaol. 17\. (f to maintain Apostolical Discipline, it has so failed—for it admits the pious and profane ike to all its privileges, .and speaks comfort and >pe to the most ungodly as mnch as to the most wont. ./■ ' m , 18\. If to prevent Spiritual delusion, it isfa failure for it invites all who can repeat the Catechism to infirmatioii, all the confirmed to communion, and nds all its communicants to heaven. 19\. If to destroy religious fanaticism, it is a fore for its ministers pretend to be successors of e apostles—to regenerate , all they baptise—to ve the Holy Ghost in ordination—and to pardon e vilest sinners. . . 20\. If to exhibit Gospel stmptictty, it is a ftulure, -witness its altars, grades of clergy, priestly titles id attire, bowings, kneelings, turnings, crossings, ith its various other absurd and Popish cere onies 11 . "I might proceed, but further enumerations ould be needless—the failure of the Law Church as notorious as it is great and universal—and all lis, too, with at least eight millions a year, (in the ackbook published in 1848, the amount is, ten illions four hundred and eightyAhrec thousand six tndred and ninety-seven pounds) a year—with rty thousand superior, or subordinate agents, re ilarly employed, with exclusive national proroga tes—with eveiy thing the Prince, the Parliament, e Peer, the bailiff, the sword, the dungeon, the llory, and the stake could accomplish on its be ilf— and that, too, for more than three hundred saw 1 Indeed, a like failure under equally favbnr ile circumstances, the worlcUhas. scarcely, jf .eycr itnessed I and never was disaffection to the Law lurch more rife or general than at- the present ne, and it is increasing every day. The reasons e palpable i it has dishonoured Christ, the su eme and exclusive head of His. Church, and the ible,the only statnte book and guide of His saints •and God, in return, has visibly and strikingly sbonourcd it 1! As a contrast to the miserable failure of the est* iffhmqnt, look at any denomination of evangelical diasfent.. JPorihoagb*ita membenKdiaW -mJthifig whereof to boast before God, they have atcb to inspittj them with gratitude end joy. ' Theft*. mht ' justly point to their own rapid growth, their holy independence,, their internal harmony, their one* ness of sentiment in all the important doctrines- of the Gospel, the extent of their voinnta® contribu tions, the myriads of pious persons that compose their churches, and of children religious!/ (guested in their schools, and the uumbera, ability,** piety, labours, and success of their ministers, and, mar triumphantly exclaim, " What bath God wroughtf" " This is the finger of God I" All this success baa been achieved without the patronage, property, or furtherance of the political State, without thesmilas or encouragement of the noble and mighty, without the meretricious trappings of a gorgeous'and cap tivating hicrarchv, and, in fact, in opposition to the virulent, formidable, and undying hostility of the national priesthood and their obsequious partisans, a.d our motto and morement still are "Onward," —" Conquering and to conquer." If God be for us who can be against us." Never did evangelical dissent look so fair, or stand so firm, m at the pre sent moment 1!" Men and brethren of all religions denominations in South Australia, past history assnres us that Christ our Saviour never received State Granta for Hie own support, nor did His Apostles, who, by Hie authority, wero sent out to evangelize the world. The voluntary principle, is the priucipleof the New Testament—State grants of public money, osten sibly in aid of religion, are often employed in tha propagation of-error, and are the frnitfnl source of much evil. The religion of Jesus requires no sup port from the State, and can derive no benefit from connexion with the Civil powor. Consider' the money annually expended upon the English State Church, itaawful cottseijaeneea,-*nd miserablefail ure—bo admonished in time, and resolve deliber ately and unitedly that, by the Grace of God our Saviour, His honour shall be maintained. His Word shall he respected and obeyed. His cause shall be liberally supported and extended by the free-will offerings of His people, and yonr determination that South Australia shall be free—politically and religiously free! . Thus will the land of your adop tion be distinguished .by internal peace, prosperity, and happiness, and become the admiration and praise of surrounding colonies, and of the wise and free in our native laud. Let Churchmen and Dissenters unite heart and effort to effect this happy consummation," and God*, even our own God, will bless us." 1 am, Sir, voar* obliged, HENRY CHEETHA.M, Congregational Pautoc, Burnt Bum. 