DRr.. B LOMiFJE L1D^- 0H MGK; (? JbVom We Tablet ) Dr. BJomfiejd. hap. published a very, .lengthy charge to hi?- Clergy,. chitfly refer ring to the Gorhaoi case, and the dangers he apprehends to the Protestant' Churchi from the increase of Catholicity. This- charge fills, no less tl an sixteen column 3- of the CJiurcTii and Slate GhzeiVe. We1 can1 only, therefore, state the heads od it,, and give some extracts of passages which', at this crisis, are both curious and important. The Bishopof' London^, like the res? of his bre thren, seems* resolved to use all the Episco pal authority of? which he considers himself in possession,, to re- assert the thorough Pro testantism of the Abnglican GJhurch. It is- perhaps the most serious blow whi&h; Dr. Fusey^. Mr.. Keble,,and the Puseyite school generally, have yet received;. But to pro ceed with the charge. If commences1- with the preliminary matter, consistiag of a most prolix and puzzled dissertation on the Gor ham case and its import. We spare our readers, and at once pass on to the really novel features'- of. thia- document. — id. Tab. ir It is not easy to say what the members of that Church are required to believe now — it is impossible for men to foresee what they may be called upon to admit as an article of Faith next year, or in any future year;, for instance, till of late, it was open to a Roman Catholic to believe or not^ as he might' see reason, the fanciful notion of the Immacu late Conception of the Blessed Virgin ;. but the present Bishop of Home has seen fit to make it an Article of their Eaith,.and no member of his Church can henceforth ques tion it without denying the infallibility of his spiritual Sovereign,. and so hazarding, as it is asserted, his- own salvation. Supposing that the teaching of our own Church as to the effect of baptism were less clear and de finite than it is,, leaving to her Ministers a greater latitude than is actually left to them by the recent judgment, would that justify any one of her members in throwing himself; inta the arms of. a- Church which teaches-, and now more openly insists upon,, his- pay ing divine honour to a creature ? Is Ma riolatry a less sin,, or less a departure from the truth, than a low view of the baptismal regeneration ?. Is a belief that the grace of God is not tied to tbe outward and visible sign of a Sacrament a|tuore pernicious error than the assertion that' the Priest's intention is necessary to the efficacy of a Sacrament ?.' If the former notion be calculated to raise a doubt whether this or that infant be made by baptism a Christian, is not the other much more so? No man in the Church of Rome,, who is bound to admit its doctrines respect ing the Priest's intention,, can be sure whe ther he is a Christian or not. This one dogma of the Church is more calculated to raise doubts and scruples in the minds of her members than any uncertainty which, is supposed to exist in any of the Article&of; the reformed Church.* * We can assure Dr. Blomfield' that no shadow of doubt or scruple was ever raised in .the mind of a Catholic by this very obvious necessity of ' inten tion' on the part of the minister.. It means nothing more than that the act be that of man in his senses, of an intelligent agent deliberately doing what the Church enjoins. It is strange that a man in Dr. Blomneld's position should not have consulted some Catholic authorities before he put forward' a^ 'difficulty'' so easily solved. His Lordship might also very well ascertain, if he desired, what ' the Church proposes for our belief' as she is from time to time inspired by the Holy Ghost io define articles of faith once delivered to the saints. But he has taken little pains to do so 'The present Bishop of Rome' has not up to this time made the Immaculate Conception an Article of Faith, nor does any one risk his salvation by denying the infallibility of the Pope. To propose an article of faith, the Hope must speak the voice of the Church, and the Holy Father is engaged at present in taking that voice on the subject of our Blessed Lady's Con ception. Every Catholic knows that the charge of ' paying Divine honour' to the, Mother of God is a calumny which gains no force by. constant repetition. —Eds. F.. J. 