LAST NIGIIT'S MAIL. No letter from our Sydney Correspondeiit. He must have started.for Ophir. May his next communication be a weighty one! ' The following extracts contain the most important AUTHENTIC intelligence of the progress of gold-digging: (From the Bathurst Frece Press.) ON Saturday last the town was all bustle with Sydney merchants, equipages, and gold diggers. Some of the latter having been more successful than their neigh bours, had come into town to turn their gold into negotiable money. Many par eels changed hands in the course of the day. The most interesting transaction of the day in every point of view was the sale of 71bs. 33ozs., belonging to a com pany of good character. Of this quantity; 3i30 ozs.; was in one solid piece, which was picked out of the earth by a poor but honest Scot of the name of Henderson. We learn from a gentleman who was near at the time when the golden prize was first perceived by Henderson, lie was struck both speechless and powerless, and fell prostrate on. the earth. This piece is the largest which hasyet been discovered. In shape it is an irregular oblong, much of the shape of a shoulder of mutton, with a transverse diameter of 5 inches and a conjugate of 4. A smihlle?" ?iedin--ns found shortly-'aftderwards, about 4 inches long by 2. inches broad, and weighing. 18 ozs. Besides these were several smaller lumps.weighing in all 22, ozs, makinga total of 71bs. 32 ozs., which was purchased: by Captain Hindson, of Sydney, at the rate of £3 4s. Gd. per ounce.. A chclUne for £282 3s.. was handed in our presence to the worthy S&otchman;, who appeared as if le could hardly understand .this sudden stroke- of good fortune. Henderson's company had bedn at work four days, rind'cunsisted of four men. A party consisting of Messrs IHawkins. Lane, and others-eight in number, disposed of their golden crop also on Saturday to Mr Campbell, of the firm of Smith, Campbell, and Co., mer chants, of Sydney, 'which brought thliem £30 each. Tom's party sold the pro duce of their labors for five days, which averaged £2 per msin per'day for a period of five days. A party consisting of six men, of whom Mr Smith, saddler, of Williams-street, was one, arrived in towvn yesterday. Their stock amounted, to 27 ozs. 2 drs., and was purchased by Mr Austin for £81 2s. We learn from iMr Smith that his party had been five days at work, arid that on an average they had washed 400 buckets of earth a day. Another company of six men, who bad been at work eight days, realised gold to the value of £95 5s., making an average of nearly £2 per day each. This o1t was purchased by Mr Austin,.as also several other smaller quantities, varying in value from £15 to z20 . The above particulars ars not aiven with .the object ofinflaming the iinds of the already too excited multitude. From all we can learn the parties named are the most'successful of thd whole number who hav, left'tlioir ordinary occupations gold-digging. .,The great desideratum wonld be.to arrive at an average result of the. earnings of. the whold .as nearly as possible. But as the organ of caution seems to be tolerably well developed in very many of them, this is impossible. Many who are doing a successful business are the1 reverse of conimunicativo, for very obvious reasons. Others Whose returns are small are ashamed to confess the truth. Some time will have to elapse before anything like an approximation to the truth can be arrived at. One thing, however, may be set down as a fact, that all, who go to the diggings and work; get gold either in larger or smaller quantities. Great numbers pass through the town daily. Yesterday Nr. Machattie's assis-. tant counted 210 people on the Swallow Creek road, the great majority of thom were from Sydney. Many poor, misera ble looking creatutures, footsore, penni less, and friendless, have arrived hither on their way to the Lalid of Gold, the. well-disposed, . most probably to starve, and the remainder to become a nuisance, if nothing more, to society. The following letter has been received by a friend in town.: "1 Diggings, 23rd May, 1851. "Dear-, I have little time to sparb, so you needn't expect a long letter. My= self rind three mates have now been.at work three days, and have got six ounces or tthereabouts, of gold, making, I am told, nearly £5 a man. This seems a rdspectable lump, but I can assure yoh it is well carned. Some of my neigh hours are apparently doing better than we are, -and others much worse. The gold :we have found is all fine, or what they call. dust I believe. An adjoining company have been lucky enough to pick up a little nest, about the size of pigeon eggs, .which has enhanced their earnings very considerably. I should say that on that day they fiust have earned from £5 to £6 a man, but there are plenty, not doing more than 10s per day, and when out of this they have ,paid for their rations, at the. high prices that are charged hero, they won't have much.to shout about. " There is one thing which surprises me not a little-- that in many cases, stout, willifig men come hero with a capital rig, and slave from morning to night-from dawn to sunny.ove, and do perhaps only moderately well. Others will come with, their their tin pots;nnd: pan lids, aided, perhaps, by a two-prong ed pitchfoik, eor:'?" superannuated fire shovel, and do a raking business.. A lit tle shrimp of a fellow, about the size of an Esquimaux Indian, with no eartbly implement but a.. two-forked- stick and the ghost of a dilapidated frying-pan; and would you believe it, tho insignifi cant little varminit did a stroke to the tune of about £5. in half a day; whilst at the same time our compainy, all strap-. ping fellows, with strong limbs, and a way of using tIhmn were then doing very little. The same sort of luck may fall to the lot of 'those who are better accoutred, but so far as a steady business is con corned, their chances are ten to one. "Sydney people are thronging .very fast upon'us, and as we hear that they line the roads by hundreds, my impression is that they will be compelled to go pros pecting. We are now-as thick as mush rooms after a brisk shower on a fine sum mer's morning. Some of these old Cali fornian diggers attempt to come the bounce over us, and assume a great deal on their experience; but as a general rule, they. are not a fraction more fortu nato than our untutored selves. " If you come bring plenty of bedding, woollen clothing, a month's rations, a good 'pick or two, and a heavy crowbar, light ones being of no use. A little spirit to revive you, after leaving the cradle, would not be amiss. You cannot keep yourself dry. I will write again shortly.dand give further particulars. " Yours, truly." 