1£ocal Intelligence. Look out fob. Light Bread. — As ap pears from the following case the present high pi ice of ,flour operates as a Bevere test upon the honesty of some of our Bathurst bakers, and although this is the first prose cution instituted for the sale of light bread, it is well known that it is by no means the first in which light bread has been sold. To the correctness of this statement we can personally attest. On Friday week, Win. Dunkley, of George-street, the quondam pieman and locomotive pastry cook, was brought up at the Police Office under the charge of cutting his business too fine. The Chief Constable, it appears, in obedience to orders from the Police Magistrate, paid the town bakeries a visit, and amongst others that of the sinning, purse-proud pie inan, when he found 21 light loaves of bread exposed for sale, which upon being weighed were discovered to be .36 ounces deficient in the whole. Whilst Mr. Sherman was occupied weighing the loaves, he observed the slippery 'dough-banger' dropping four suspicious looking twists into a box. These were tried in the scale, and found wanting, being 7 ounces deficient. The loaves were accordingly seized and conveyed to the Police Office. When the case was closed, .and the bench was about pronouncing the word 'guilty,' Mr. Macintosh stepped Jorwjjrd on^behalf.of the cereal sinner, and raised an objection to the information, in which Mr. Sherman was represented as Chief Constable instead of Inspector of Weights and Measures. The objection was held fatal, and the case was accordingly kicked out of Court. Mr. Dunkley thus, by a mere technicality, escaped a fine, of 5s. per ounce, amounting- in the whole to £9. Fearing an exposure, he made his appear ance at this office very quickly after the close of the trial, and made anxious en quiries about the price of a quantity of job- printing. As the English of this was of very easy inference, we deferred giving him an answer until the report of this case had appeared. We are now open to receive an order for an unlimited quantity of baker's bills or lollipop labels, to the former of which we will affix a verbal assurance of 'full weight' without any additional charge. An honest miller is said to be a ' rara avis in terra.' If so, aa the bakers have some claim to consanguinity with this privileged class, to whom by long established practice a little bit of cheating is allowed as a perquisite, it is desirable to ascertain whether they likewise are privileged, and to what extent. In connection with this subject we have the following query to pro pose. If old Diogones, with the aid of a lantern in broad day, could not discover one honest man in the streets of Athens, how many Police Magistrates and Inspectors of Police would it require without lantern or torch-light to find six honest bakers in our town ? Perhaps Mr. Dunkley will favour us with an answer in our next. In the meantime we would, merely suggest that the honesty of one or two of them will suffer nothing from being a little bit nursed. Horse Stealing. — George Brown, of Capertee, was brought before the bench on Monday last, to account for the possession of a stolen mare, the property ot Cornelius Ryan, of Meadow Flat. The prisoner pleaded not guilty. From the evidence of Ryan it appeared that on the 10th Janu ary last he lost a bay mare, branded A on the off shoulder, ^G and like LK on the near shoulder, and that the mare was seized at Carcoar by Mr. E. C. Arnold, publican, on the 10th instant, for a debt, as the prisoner \ias on his way from Bathurst upwards, the reason assigned by Mr, Arnold for the seizure being* that the prisoner had promised him a mare for what he owed. Roderick M'Lean, the person who sold the mare to the prosecutor, proved that he saw her in the prisoner's possession at General Stew art's on the last day of the races, and when he observed to him that he had brought the old mare down he made no reply. After remaining all night at Mount Pleasant he rode her away on the following morning. John Hamilton, farmer, of Meadow Flat, deposed that he saw a man riding the mare in question sometime in January last, who he afterwards learnt was called George Brown, but the prisoner was not the man. In defence the prisoner stated that he was bringing her back from the station, as he had business down, knowing that she had twice before strayed from her owner. The case was dismissed. Stealing Fruit. — On Sunday morning last, Mr. Hawkins observed tracks along the walks and across the beds of his garden, and upon further examination discovered that several midnight plunderers had been at work and stripped the fruit off some apple trees, and purloined some cabbages. He also found that part of the paling of the garden fence had been pulled down to ob tain an entrance. As there had been heavy rain, Mr. Hawkins was easily enabled to run the track, which led him across Mr. Watt's paddock to a hut occupied by two men, named Ely Bonham and Henry Elphick. Bonham was at home upon his arrival, and when he taxed him with the robbery, denied it, but refused to allow Mr. H. to search his bed-room without a warrant for that pur pose. His wife, however, happening to enter the apartment shortly afterwards, Mr. Hawkins pushed his way after her, and found a quantity of cabbages and a large bag of apples. A coat was also found in Elphick's bed-room with a quantity of apples in the pocket by constable Finnerty, for whom a messenger had been despatched, and by whom the prisoners were taken into custody. Mr. Hawkins valued the apples at £l, and stated that they were precisely similar in kind to those growing in his gar den. The cossack boots worn by Elphick, which were without naib, exactly fitted the tracks from and about the garden. Seeing his guilt clearly established, Bonham con fessed, previously to heing taken into cus tody, and asked forgiveness on the grounds of its being the first time he had robbed Mr. Hawkins. The prisoners were brought before the Court on Monday last, when the above particulars were deposed to. Con stable Finnerty further deposed that Bon ham had informed him that morning that he was accompanied by a man named William ?Johnson, and not by Elphick. He also deposed that three kinds of tracks were dis cernible, one of which was made by bare feet. Diana Bonham, the wife of one of the prisoners, endeavoured to exculpate the prisoner Elphick by stating that he was at home all night, and could not have left the house without her knowledge. Her state ment, however, did not obtain credence, as the prisoners were both found guilty and sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment in Bathurst gaol. Sports at Summerhill. — Several prizes were run for at the Summerhill mine in .commemoration of the day usually held as ah holiday in honor of Ireland's patron Saint. The first price, a new saddle, was won by Mr. Connolly's Steeltrap. The' second, also a new sadle, was taken by Donally's Figaro. Mr. Duswell'a Lightning flew away with the third prize^ — a horse broken to saddle end harness. A foot race of a mile and a half was won by Donally. The hurry- skurry was taken by Mr. C. Clements' Crueskin. Quoit matches and other athletic sports concluded a series of amusements which continued for three days, during which, with one or two trifling exceptions, the utmost good will and cordi ality prevailed. As necessary accompani ments to such occasions abundance of good eating and drinking were supplied in Mr* Saddler's usual style, and the assembled multitude departed well satisfied with the quantity and quality of the entertainment. Molong Court of Requests.— rSince our publication- of the 15th instant, in which we commented upon a decision given by the Molong bench as illegal, in the case-- Phillips v. Eagles — we have discovered from two sources that although acting magis- terially on that day, our Correspondent was in error in stating that Mr. Barton sat in the case in question. He refused to do so, we are informed, on the grounds that Mr. Eagles (the defendant) was 'a private tutor in his family. It affords us great pleasure therefore to correct the erroneous statement. Our opinion upon the illegality of the de- cision, however, remains unaltered. Local Enterprise. —We learn from Mr. Austin that he has purchased all the ore brought to grass at the Corongora mine, and more lately about 17 tons from Mr. Tom's mine, at the Cornish Settlement. There are now upwards of 30 tons of calcined ore on the road from the mines to the metropolis. Mr. Grayling has been employed by Mr. Austin to assay a variety of samples, and we are informed by the purchaser that he is highly satisfied with the result. The ore is packed in small bags containing about three-quarters of acwfc each, and is intended for shipment to Eng land, to be there smelted as an experiment. The results when known will furnish -data upon which to base calculations as to the prospects of success which the mines hold out to speculators. This very bold step stamps Mr. Austin as one of the right sort for a young community. With a few more of his calibre we might safely calculate upon going ahead and no mistake. We heartily wish him success in his novel and spirited undertaking. Mill Prices, — Wheat from 8s 9d to Ss. Flour the same as last week with an npward tendency. ? Pepper's Creek Post Office. — The people of Pepper's Creek and its vicinity are not well pleased with the regulation which fixes the post day on Friday. As regards weekly newspapers, the in formation is nearly a week old before it is served up, and many parties in consequence avail them selves of the ordinary methods, where no post office exists, of procuring their papers. We under stand that it is intended to address a memorial to the Postmaster-General, asking for an alteration of the day, and doubt not that so reasonable an appli cation would be successful. Gollagher's Steed. — The horse of the noted bushranger, Gollagher, which bore him in safety through so many of his daring exploits, was put up to public auction on Thursday last, and knocked down to Mr. Frederick Morgan, publican, of Durham-street, for £13 after a short but brisk competition. Amongst other unobjectionable traits in a horse's character, all described by Mr. Ashe, with great volubility, were two of peculiar ser vice to a man of Gollagher's mode of life. ??' Yes gentlemen,' said the auctioneer, ' he will leap a gaol wall and bolt from a policeman.' We un derstand that he was purchased for George Hill, Esq., exr Mayor of Sydney, but hope that the sin gular properties just described may neyer be called into requisition by the metropolitan prince of picknickery. Watchhodse Architecture. — Mr.J. C. White of the Colonial Architect's department is now on a visit to Bathurst to lay out the site of a new watch house, to be erected behind the new Court House, as also to survey and report upon those recently erected by Mr. llae on the Sydney road. It is also intended, we understand, to fence in the Court House as soon as arrangements can bo made for. the material. A Bolter. — Ono of these nice young gentlemen designated by the soft and half poetical term — exiles, was brought before the Police Magistrate as . an absconder. Thomas Rawlins, it appeared was one of a batch consigned to Win. Lawson, Esq., and had been quartered at Flyer's Creek, and after remaining there a season, like other young gentlemen of higher pretensions, he determined upon going forth to see the world— perhaps in quest of Timor — a once popular expedition. Weary of his wanderings, ho at last voluntarily yielded himself to C. C. Sherman. He was identified by Mr. Stewait, late of Flyer's Creek, and was finally ordered to be forwarded to Carcoar to be here dealt with by the authorities. A Trip to the Belubdi.a Mine.— Shortly- after sunset at the hour known ' ayant the Tweod,' as the ' gloaming,' a. dark object looming gigan tically in tho distance, and progressing slowly but laboriously along the rugged bed of the Stoney Creek, Carcoar, was observed by a couple of gents just returned from the races. The younger days of one of the two had been spent in a laud where ' stories of elfins, ghosts and banshees form no in considerable portion of the early mental tutoring of the young, and the subsequent effects of a liberal education and considerable travel, had not been sufficient to eradicate the impressions stamped upon his early youth, as, listening over tho expir ing embers of a turf fire, he had caught in breath less silence, the every word of the toothless beldame whilst relating tale after tale of horror and won derment. His companion, a man of hard facts, great incredulity and little faith in anything to which he could not apply the test of hia senses, looked hard and enquiringly at the moving figure, and ventured an opinion, that tho subject of their curiosity was some hypochondriac, who fancied that lip. was afflicted with tho hydrophobia, and was seeking a cure by walking- against the stream. To this observation the other was about to whisper a reply, but his tongue cleaved to the roof of his mouth, and ho stood gazing into vacancy. 'Come on, S-rr— ,' he cried, 'let's fathom this mystery.' On he spurred, but S ? followed cautiously behind and at a safe distance. Having arrived sufficiently near, tho body, head and shoul ders of a full grown h,umin being, who did not sport a huge pair of whiskers, because he had not got them, projected from the surface of. the water in which the nether man was immersed. Just at this moment ho came in contact with a rock which stood up out of the stream, on the peak of which he perched himself, and took a leisure survey of the dark clouds which were pouring down rain upon the parched earth, ' Holloa, friend, whither bound ?' was the first salute. ft To the Belubula Mine,' was the answer. ' What takes you there P' ' Why, don't you see, I was rather deep in the late lottery spec, and was fortunate enough to ob tain half a dozen town allotments at Hastings for prizes, and as I am informed that the capital of the Belubula Mining Company has been transferred to the ' Sinking Funds,' it occurs to me that leases of Hastings property and Belubula scrip might be exchanged without much detriment to either. Having a turn for speculation, and a dislike for anything like idleness, I've jusfc conceived the notion that a little business might be done by a trip to the mine, where I am informed there are beautiful diggins to be seen, and that a survey has been made by a noted geologist, conchologist, entymologist, philolo.r-Here the adventurer took a leap from his perch into the stream and commen ced his aqueous sojourn towards Macquarie Mount. The remainder of his sentence was drowned by the patter of the falling rain, and in a few seconds he appeared more like a ghost than a mining specu lator, his gaunt form gradually dissolving in the larkness of night. On the following morning there was something said of a Carcoar visitor having suddenly left his company in a state of peculiar bewilderment with about half a foot of brandy upon his stomach, and returning, some couple of hours afterwards, thoroughly soaked, as if he had been taking a refresher in a duck pool; ORANGE. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.— THB RACES. This juvenile township was quite' alive daring the paBt week; in consequence of the Annual Races coming off on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, the 18th, 19th, & 20th inst, Some Bhowers which had fallen during the previous week tended very much to improve the state of the course, and the Stewards did all in their power to make the races as attractive as possible. There were four good and substantial booths, supplied with all the necessary drinkables, and a trifle of music to boot, with innumerable stalls and stands, groaning under the weight of fruit, gingerbeer, and lollies. The entrances for the first day's sport took place at Peisley's Inn on Monday evening, when there was a good attendance of the sporting community, and some anxiety manifested by the owners of dif ferent horses, in consequence of there being a handicap. For the first race, however, the following horses were entered ; — FIRST DAY. FIRST RACE. For the Town Plate of £20. st. 1b. Mr . Healey's c, g. Sam Welter, — aged ? 9 9 „ Brown's b. g. Mickey Free, — aged ... 8 10 „ Minehan's b. m. Miss Flirt, — 6 years.. 9 0 „ Neville's c. g. Ajax, — 4 years , ? 8 0 The weights apportioned to each horse seemed to give general satisfaction, and a good race was the result. Sam Weller, however, winning both heats with compara tive ease. SECOND RACE. ' For the Maiden Plate of £15. Mr. Taylor's b. in. Fly, — 3 years ? 1 1 „ Lee's b. g. Tomboy, — 5 years ........ 2 2 This was a good race, Tomboy, tho favourite, at considerable odds ; but it was soon apparent he had not foot for the mare, and she won each heat by two or three lengths. ??.:.-? Just at the termination of this race, there was likely to be a very serious row on the course, which was, however, happily sup-, pressed by the activity and determination of J. A. Templar, Esq., J.P., and the small body of police at his disposal. Two men, who for some hours previously had behaved in a most ruffian-like manner, were secured and lodged in the lock-up, after which quietness was restored. THIRD RACE. A Hurry Skurry for £5. Mr. D'Clouett's Cantab ? 1 „ Neville's Mermaid ? .... ? 2 „ Lee's Fly Trap ? 3 The first heat' was decidedly a dead one between Cantab and Mermaid, the horse, however, winning the next two. 