M*»£ifcE&KDTH;£?EXET£B CONTKOVERSY. * [From Zte/Z's Weekly Mestengery 9iA September^ Welay before our readers the following letter from the pen of DrM'Neile, in answer to a clergy man who had written to bim, citing from the Doctor's ptbifcatiob several statements .against latitudibarian indifference* and asking if it could be possible that tbe author of such statements had. expressed bis Approval of the recent judgment of the Privy Council in the case of Gorham ». the Bishop of £xeter i Reverend Sir-I have been in Ireland for Borne time, or I would at an earlier date have acknow. ledged your letter, and replied toil in that spirit of Christian candour sind courtesy which you invoice. 1 do cordially approve of and thankfully rejoice in the recent'judgment of the Privy Council. You seem to think that such approval would be inconsistent with tbe strong and recited denuncia tions of latitudinarian principles contained in my speeches *nd writings. 1 do not agree with you, and I will briefly tell you why. I cannot command time to go largely into the subject. I detest the latitudinarism which makes light of any Word of God ; and of course that which j would deal even-Handed with Popery, Socinianism, and Christianity. Against this 1 have written and ! spoken, and hope again to write and speak, just in such terms as you have quoted from my books. I equally detest the narrow-minded bigotry which would exalt any rubric, or canon, or cate chism, or prayer, of man's composition^ into the I place of a Word of God. Concerning the efficacy of baptism upon infants, concerning the baptism of infants at all-t do not know any one Word cf God. It is never once mentioned in Holy Scripture. The antiquity of the practice is undoubted as a matter of fact, and I ( very cordially agree with those who think it " most ngreeable with the institution <sf Christ." But all that men have written about its efficacy, tbe quando and the ijuomodo, is no more and no better than inference-inference honestly drawn, let us grant, but certainly fallibly, and by some erroneously, since all do not infer alike. j He who elevates any such inference into the place and authority of the Word of God, and j thereupon pronounces an opposing inference to be heresy, seems to me to arrogate infallibility (at least in this instance) to himself. The recent judgment of the Privy Council has checked such arrogance, therefore I rejoice in it. I may express my combined conviction thus-in Divine truth no latitude; in human inferences no bigotry. Is the proper Godhead or the true humanity of the Saviour the question ? Is the atonement the question ? Is the Divinity, personality, or agency of the Holy Ghost in question? Js the bowing down before images the question ? Is anything on which God has plainly spoken the question ? Then after the first .and second admonition reject the heretic. But is tbe efficacy of baptism to infants the questions ? or anything else on which God has not spoken? Then inferences may vary, but he who'on either side would excommunicate is himself the schismatic. Your inference that man must be entirely irresponsible under the Christian dispensation, if there be such a thing as a prevenient or arbitrary act of grace united to means, appears to me to be utterly unfounded-nay ludicrously absurd; but I would be sorry to call you, or think of you as a heretic for holding it. My inferences on the sub ject, as you will find them detailed in the chapter on baptism, in my book entitled " The Church and Churches," will probably appear to you to be wholy unsound, but I hope you will not thereupon excom municate me. Instead of differing among ourselves concerning inferences of dcubtful disputation, let Us combine our energies against the common enemies-infidelity on the one side, which would deprive us of authori tative revelation altogether; and Romanism on the other, with its insiduous. reserves and shows of humility, which would practically supercede the revelation of God br corrupt, and therefore more palatable, traditions of mefi. -I am, Reverend Sir, Very faithfully yours, Htjgs M'Ntsile. Liverpool, August 24,1850. You ask permission to show my reply to a friend. You have full consent to make any use of it you please. 