A Cure for the Gout. OW Nannie Webster had -for . many.-, years ? tn ?Icratigably.pursued her.yocation of trudging on [foot, with a. Ung of nuts Suspended from her ! Shoulder«, and disposlng.of-thom to tho, numo rous youngsters and, others whom she encoun- tered during her peregrinations. 'Thii .! hawk- ing " propensity, of the widowed - dame was induced hy .~somo inherent inclination, and not by untoward circumstances-aooiug, she was possessed bf a .small freehold in the village of B , whero sho resided during a scarcity of her favorite commodity. At the period, of my tale, 'tho incumbent of tho parish was my friend, the 'Reverend Charlo» A ... whoso biblical and classical acquire- ments procured him tho living of B .My worthy friend, however, lost.much of tho zeal he displayed in the earlier .period of his ministra rtiohs. by a subsequent indulgence tn-bibulous ; propensities. A.kindlier old niiii. or one more susceptible of sympathy - with- tho. sorrows .of others was seldom to bu found, and the only dark'trait in his character , was the debasing gratification to .which 'I, have alluded., Tho train of evils consequent. on. such ? » courso of irregularity rapidly developed them- selves, and of the. many maladies to which his constitution was thus necessarily exposed-the gout ranked pre-eminent, . For a long period he had been a .martyr to this complaint, and wai unablo to put his feet to tho'gronnd. Old Nannie died and was buried in the. rural cemetery of tho village, and'a curions'instruc- tion connected with thu disposition : of her ro mains was punctually attqmted to by her exe- cutors-it was tho inhuming of a .bag of . nut« along with her body! Her simplicity of charao ter gave a full .and ample evidence to a legen- dary tale of the olden times,' that hy a bagful of nuts thu.« placed in her sepulchre, her body would be sufficiently protectc'-J against any sacri- legious interference, which ai th's period was too common an occurrence. ' Such a foolish superstition, though coinbattod by her friends, was rigidly adhered to, as part and parcel of her illusory belief in withcraft and its kindred asso- ciation*. On the day of thc burial many wore lod by curiosity to wltuoss the Interment of old Nannie and ber bag of nuts, and among others, two villagers, hoted fer their many predatory traits of character ; they had no sooner «eon tb» precious nuts {as they designated"them".*) thus deposited, than they resoled to exhumato them, and pay respect to Nannie's considerate kind- ness in placing them at their disposal. Accord- ingly, in tho evening, th-y wended their way to the cemetery, but with a double object iii view -while one proceeded to a neighbouring pad- dock for the purposo of executing a summary conveyance in his favour, of nil right, title, and interest in and to a certain animal ca'led a sheep, belonging to my friend the clergyman, the other busied himsotf in digging up the pre cious nuts, which, finding nt a minor depth from the surface, he forthwith commoncod operations \- crack-crack-crack -was audibly articu- lated by his jaws as they vigorously disunited the rou<;h integuments. Tho parson's man, old Fetor Heddie, who, it appeared, wa» occasionally addicted to tho potable likings of his.master, was on this eventful evening r»îturnirir- homo in a ha/f-ieits-over-stite across the church-yard, and seeing a mysterious figure snugly seated at tho grave of poor Nannie, was fascinated to the spot, and in tho involuntary,exercise of a heated imagination, conjured up the vision as the spec- tral appearance of the old .woman herself-he thus remained for some time listening to the deliberate cracking of the nuts-his hair erect and limbs tottering--until with one wild and unearthly shriek he tied acron tho country. His breathless anxiety to report to his master what he had soen, hurried bim on with the speed of lightning to the manse. The parson was somewhat intimidated at the wild appearance of his servant, whose unceremonious entrance ¡ut« his sanctum, excited bis wonder and amazement. On bearing a recital of the fearful occurrence, the Parson was as much absorbed by the intelli- gence, as Poter had previously been by the sup- posed apparition. What was to b« done ? The Parson's gout disabled him from coming in con- tact with terra jinna.;'but: this was speedily remedied, and -.his instant'conveyance to the scene of enchantment, on the back of Peter,' was immediately adopted. On the stalwart shoulders them of his rf doubtable Peter was the Parson translated to the place of sepulchre-' Aa Peter neared the spot,'his limb» 'gavo ' evident symptoms of their inability to lustaiu' such an extra weight much farther ; but making one more vigorous resistance against this debility, Peter and his roaster were speedily aside'this fearful being of another world, who stealthily, enquiring " whether it was foi," put the climax to Peter's terror«, and causod him to precipitate his load on the ground, and ;tako to. his heels a« if pur- sued by tho demoniac legions of Old Nick hlrn solf. One fearful look of tho Parson at A'anmV'j tptetre was also sufficient to determine his sum mar v ogress ; atid, wonderful to relate, raj wor- thy friend, in spite of the gout and, all its varlod pedal twitches Into tho bargaiu, was' hot long ero he regained his comfortable ingle, and for- tified hinuelf against ghaUts and warlects by quaffing repeated bumpers of Glcnlivat. The garrulity of old Peter soon wafted this nocturnal advent uro throughout tho villago, and giving hroccdeticc "to all other local 'nowt;" tb« spectral appearance of old Nannie was for some tfrric the all-engroiidng theme sm-mg old and young. It was shrewdly rumourwd, however, that an ampler potation thad usual had d'eu* Induced this imaginary visitation, and that a miss- ing sheep of the Parson's, on the following morn , gave some insight into tho enquiry by the supposed yhi.st, " whether it was fat,'' alluding, no doubt, (as they very un'sely tfoii*itf*T«o*/,to the burdon on Peter's back as 'the stolen shgop wiib which his comm do had returned. However imprbbab'e such s> ghost story maj* appear, or with* whatever amount of Incredulity the marvellous stateroom ol old Peter may be associated, suffice lt to be affirmed ns a veritable fact, tliat bur Parson waihencoforth freod from his old neighbour the gdnt, and could havo ex- ulted in giving evidonce of his cum by the nim- bleness of his'evolutions bad not tho gravity of his profession altogether precluded such an un- warranted oxhibltlun. Tho anniversary of thia auspicio"* occasion Is duly commemorated by a series of festivities, and a double allowanco pro sentcd to Peter, as hoing n most efficient chiio pcdlst, so ngreoably evinced hy goutlcss toes, which, I am happy to say, have ever sinco borne a memorable instance of what bonefit may be obtained by ah effect somewhat nnalogous to that produced by tho medical galvanism of thc renowned Mr, Norrie, the far-famed analyst of Sydney, oHJ of Clarkson notoritlv. INDEX. Penrith, January, 1851. I 