REVIEW. Raymond, Lord of Milan, a Tragedy of the 13th Century. By Edward Reeve, formerly a student of Bristol College. Pp., 45. Sydney: Printed by Hawksley and Cunningham. We have the pleasure of introducing to our readers a Poem which will do honour to the literary repu tation of our community. One of the rarest pro ductions of poetic talent is a good play, although it is one which frequently tempts the unskilled am bition of the dabbler in rhyme and rhythm. Mr. Reeve, however, is no dabbler, and has fully suc ueeuen m nis unaertaKing. ne exnioits consider able mastery over our noble language, and, like all men of taste who have cultivated it, shows a de cided preference for the vigour and melody of the fine old Saxon vein. Now-a-days there is scarcely a more sure mark of school-boy effort and vulgar mental habits than the deliberate preference of long Latinized words over the simpler expressions of true English origin. We need scarcely say that Mr. Reeve is perfectly free from this, he has under stood the beauty of his instrument and used it wel] and carefully. We trust that his example and suc cess will have an effect upon the young men of our colony, for unless some honorable ambition be stiried up among1 them to study, and to discipline themselves by a persevering manly adherence to good models, we much fear that what with long words, slang phrases, and a miserable mispro nunciation of vowels, one of the noblest languages of the world is destined to sad degradation under this Australian sun of ours. It is all well enough for a joke, to laugh at a provincialism in sound and phrase, Cockney, or Somersetshire, or Lancashire, or Scotch, or Irish, but it is an idle and mistaken philosophy to suppose that habitual carelessness in such, matters has no bad effect. Language is a living tiling and moulds men's minds scarcely less than it is moulded by them. All honour then to Mr. Reeve for his appreciation and use of our golden English tongue. His play appears to us well fitted for representation, the characters are - forcibly depicted, the unities are carefully preserved, { and there are several fine situations in it, which in | the hands of an actor of talent would produce good effects. The story is taken, as the title proclaims, from Italian life in the I3th century. Raymond Delia Torre, Prince of Milan, is led by circum stances to defy the Emperor Frederic IT., and to assert openly the independence which the Milanese had in reality enjoyed for some time. A conspiracy against him is formed by nobles of differing cha racter and motives. The true hearted patriots re cognise too late the disposition of their fellows, and although the conspiracy is crushed, the prince him self is killed. Such is the main story. The details arise out of the private history of Raymond, the unhappy death of his mother, and his own disap pointment in obtaining die hand of a lady to whom he had in early life paid court. We do not wish to injure the interest of the first reading of the play by long extracts, and shall therefore give a few lines only from one or two scenes. Ezzelin da Romana, an ambitious man of weak mind, thus describes the past as compared with the then condition of Milan. He is addressing Stefano Salermo, a noble of much higher purpose than himself : — Da Rom. Aye, without doubt, For thou didst leave l»er, ere she had recovered From the effects of Austrian tyranny And civil war- Shattered, if unsubdued, lier citizens were ruuc -wm jjciiiiiiubb, Practised in war, but all unused to peace, No hum of noisy trade was heard in her, For commerce had not with a bounteous hand Lav shed all wealth and merchandise upon her. Mail-clad and watchful soldiers paced the streets, And with a rigid air challenged the passenger, Where now the busy merchant hurries by. The music of the angry drum and trumpet And the harsh voice of insolent command Had not then yielded to the soft guitar, Low chiming to the honied songs of love : — Raymond is introduced as narrating the unhappy story of his mother's death in a midnight scene at the end of the first act, in which the ghost of an ndultress is made by a prophetic denun : ciation to give a presentiment of the tragic close , I to the prince's fortunes : — & Ray. Why dost thou speak of what I would fj forget, . ' f' What son, however he may steel his heart, |! Can bear to set a sacrilegious foot ?; Upon his father's grave ? — There was a maid— . 4 I am loath to tell it thee — I do remember ' t- So much that once was godlike in my sire^ \ a Such hatred of oppression, — such a love ' H Of that fair phantom men call liberty, . / £ And worship as a god :? — such gentleness & And matchless daring courage ;— oh ! that one * Endued with all that could ennoble man ' £ Should be so lost. ff Ambrose. I ever thought, my lordj ft The memory of your sire of Velassin ? r Was spotless ; aye, pure as the ray that falls --' Through yonder casement. f Rat. No, good Ambrose, no : J 'Tis a true tale, although but little known,' v' ut jawiess guilty Jove ; iiKe nre it new , ^ And scathed the laurels which past victories p Had by the honour-giving hand of fame, 4 Twined round his brow. The scene at the beginning of Act III. in which -r Ezzelin's foolish jealousy invents its own confirms- ! * mation is spirited and affords scope for the talents ' of a good actor. We do not feel quite sure, how*- f ever, that the wife does not become in the end a f little vixenish. In order to maintain our purpose ':! of reserve we shall give only one more short extract. j It is from the last scene, a short time before the * ' assassination of Raymond. * Aebrose. 'Tis a bright night, my lord. U Raymond. It is indeed. l( ^ Nature seems hushed in absolute repose, ' As if aweary of her thousand sounds '[ ' Which mingle during day. The distant town, Tho' many a restless spirit waketh there, Seems like a mighty tomb, on which the stars Look down in silent grief. How beautiful ! . jj , How wonderful — is every thing we see, ^ In this dim light. Above us are the heavens, — That miracle of an Almighty hand, Whose meaning none can ever know. Roll on, Roll on, ye glorious worlds of happiness ; I Your brilliance never hath been dimmed by guilt. ' Unceasingly, untiringly ye run ; — As though a thousand years of weal and woe, | t(. Such as by you are measured unto us, |n Were but a moment past. Can it be true, — u That in your spheres you influence the doom » Of the poor children of the dust ? — Not ho ; — ' . - A greater, grander destiny is yours. ?* I'll look no more. j , We shall be glad to hear more from Mr. Reeve. It ' There seems to be no disposition in him towards a wanton and coarse attack upon our religion, such I [ as even Her Majesty's bishops designate may be 1 betrayed into under the dangerous excitement of a . I platform harangue ; still the Protestant colour of j his readings is rather evident in. the large share ' priests are made to take in the villanies of his | dramatic action. A truer knowledge and a better |j spirit is however beginning to prevail, and w.e , must have patience. The era of Mr. Reeve's play 'J is one that demands especially the gratitude of the \f world, for what popes and priests did to preserve *| Europe from the influx of Mahometans and Ma- | hometanism, which the infidel talent and- ambition L of the unprincipled emperor Frederick II. was renr * dering no remote contingency. 1 