KOSSUTH IX' EXILE-WHO IS TO BLAME ? ' (From the Glasgow''Sentinel, June 15.) In another part of, pur columns will, bo fourni' nireport-"of tho ; mooting held in thc City -Hall on Tuesday night last; in' behalt . of Kossuth, and tho exiles of Hungary , Those noble men have, been , scattered to the four winds of .heaven ; many- of them ¡hnvo sought rofn'go on tho shores of Britain} several of Avhom were present on Tuesday night. Thoso mon have chosen tlu^icoún \- try, as tho'land of their' adoption, relying on tho sympathies bf its ; pooplo for that assistance un dei' tho 'circumstances they may require ; tlipy seek not to live a lifo of sloth and inaction, they ask I'nofc our charity as paupers, : they como to us with tho claims of a ' common brotherhood, in tho midst of disastor, and idistrcssj having been deprived of, tho blessings and happi- ness of country, of home, and subsistence in a common cause, to ask our countenance and direction for placing them in a po- sition where^ by their own energies and industry, they may acquire tho means to live. We are glad to know that so many of them aro already in this position, ami we feel satisfied,, that those who are still unprovided for in this respect, now that their condition is known, will be speedily relieved.and permanently employed. They scorn thrown into tho arms of tho people ; tho industrious classes have received them as brothers^ : for f their hearts are deep as ibo ' lowest depths .'of suffering, open ¡ as nature, .anti,, . expansivo ,.».. the wee» Those whom,-jive saw st tho .--meeting were objects of deep interest and of profound sympathy to the universal heart of that densely packed hall : wo confess their presence thrilled our soul with sensations far moro deop and stirring than any power of spoken language, tho living cloquenco of those forms in all their deep suggestiveness and impressive significance, appealed to tho cardinal and elemental feelings of our nature ; we saw in them tho soparato limbs of a glorious body, yot each instinct with an unquenchable vitality, awaiting only tho fusing power of sympathetic hu- manity to give accretion and completeness to the noble frame, tho dismemberment of which, had cast a gloom over*the nations. The details of the results : of that glorious; struggle, thc noblest in,the annals of. that people, and one of the sublimest in the records of tho race, is now a matter of European history, and forming a portion of it over which poste- rity will hang with., moistened eye and heaving heart, while tracing the brilliant career of its great and chosen chief and his devoted followers,; true born sons of liberty "and heirs of immortal renown. Eighteen hundred and forty-eight, will be a memorable year in tho world's history ; conflict and carnage raged from the Tiber; to the Baltic, dragging into their vortex puny state and mighty empire, startling drowsy powers from their lethargic sleep, and sending terror and trembling into tho camp of sanguinary autocracy, tho hall of tho hireling lord, and the licentious haunts of princely minions, who reap where they have not sown, and for the juices of the earth they shed the blood of man. During that period of stirring com- motion and dreadful conflict, the one country on which all eyes were fixed and towards which all eyes were turned, was Hungary, tho land of Kossuth, and of heroes; every vicissitude of fortune was eagerly watched, and every victory which fell to their arms received the plaudits of all lovers of liberty in this country, throughout Europe, and on tho farthest shores of tho Atlantic ; ond when wo were led to tho highest pitch of joyful anticipa tion, the news of that fatal reverse and foul treachery fell on us like a :thunder- clap ; ero this fatal crisis had arrived, and up to ' tho moment of doom, all looked well but what powers could contend suc- cessfully against treachery within, and treachery without--Georgey, a name that will stink in the nostrils of posterity, as it is already loathed and despised, and shall stand age- accursed in tho dark catalogue of earth's worst crimes-and the conduct of professedly liberal powers who all stood aloof with' tho cold indifference of unin- terested spectators, while liberty was gasp- ing for existence, and who saw the stealthy atop of tho tiger, from the moment ho left his jungle of sweltering crimes, till he de devoured his prey. Then ensued those scenes of butchery and expatriation which hayo thrown into tho shade all former atrocities perpetrated by a bloody and relentless despotism, on a betrayed and defenceless people ; tho pub- lic are too familiar with the disgusting de- tails of tho sad catastrophe ; we shall not open anew tho wounds of that suffering but noble nation. ' Kossuth has lain an exile in Turkey since treachery sold his country and de- feated his schemes ; tho assassin who bought' tho one manacled tho other. Treading a foreign soil and sheltered by a foreign power, tho hand of death might not fall on him nt tho bidding of his foe, as it had fallen on so many of, his brave associates,'^invested with all tlio hideous insignia that human atrociousness and fiendish malignity, could invent ; but what he could do, that he did inflict. Under tho influence of a superior force, he has overawed ä weaker power, and made the land of shelter tho place of bondage. Banished to the interior, denied access to friendly intercourse, watched as with bloodhounds perpetually on their track, all means of communication with the world effectually closed, and that on which their hearts and souls were set, in which their very being was wound up— tho.fate of their country and the cause of liberty in Europe—covered from their vi sion with.a total eclipse. ', Yet notwith- standing all this, what has Britain done ?, Wo aro sorry we should have to record a meeting for such a purposo, in this city br country, as'the ' soliciting tho Foreign Sb crótary to'ádopt measures' for tho rolcase of tho.heroic exiles! : Why-should x. they . bo in that land and not he free ? ' Whoso bondsmon aro they ? Russia's, at the pleasure of Britain. We are aware of .tho plea urged by tho abettors of those in power, viz. that Austria might fight her own battles, and settlo her own internal disputes', we find no right to interfere, however' our prejudices, or sympathies might urge us any - more than Austria would have a right to put her hoof on our shores as arbiter in our affairs. We were withheld by the principle of as- tional rights from a direct interference ; however we might advise, we could not arm. A way wi th such flimsy sophistries;. If wo should hold these valid iii,thc case of Austria/, what' becomes of. them .when Rus- sia is ,'on tho field ? " Where was thine, arm, vengeance '- when that power rolled' down his engines of death on tho plains of Hungary ? 'When that heroic people had, all but snatched the living prize- of victory from, tho hands of their implacable foe— when tho issue of tho dreadful conflict was registered, and a shout of exultation for Hungary- , 'was, ; ready! to burst from tho ; hearts of chartered Europe at this very juncture, the winged thing, was wrested from, her bosom, and-her heart burst with ¿',thé robbory, for. a brother had guided' tho spoiler to his prey ; Georgey pointed out tho. victim, and pinioned his arms, ; .while, tho venomous reptile drained it of its-blood. If tho heartless apathy, of our Govern mont during that period of burning en- thusiasm, untold suffering, and, heroic en- durance -of struggling liberty and aspir- ing humanity-when tho pulse of every lover of liberty in this country throbbed ' fastor as each successive post told.of, ano- ther success when the conflict lay be tween the opposing powers of the one empire; if an apology may be offered for this, when the savage serfs of Russia trod ankle-deep in tho blood of tho bravest of modern men, why did Britain not interfere then ? Wo aro coolly answered, she protested ! Protest! and with Austria-with Russia! Miserable subterfuge. As soon attempt to speak the famished tiger back from blood, as think to soften tho gloating hate of Russia toward tho fair form of liberty Tho only reparation at present left in thc power of Government for past neglect is, to demand tho immediate and uncondi- tional release of Kossuth and his friends in exile. At a coming election, many arc the delinquencies Ministers!will- have tc answer for ; but for this dereliction of duty, of humanity, of the spirit of liberty and tho rights of man—for this handing over to the fangs of Russia a noble nation and a God-like leader ; when tho nation shall demand of those of the present Par- liament, and of tho Government in par- ticular, who shall be bold enough again to solicit tho suffrages of the people. Where is Hungary ? Stands she in tho condition she, would have stood in had you done your.duty ? Have you not betrayed your trust, and sacrificed the great prin- ciples of civil liberty and national inde- pendence nt tho shrine of vacillating and imbecile policy ? or offered them on thc altar of despotism, an oblation to thc furies ? " How could these questions bo answered ? .Would not the words, should they dare to frame a reply, like tho " Amen" of Macbeth, stick in their throats ? If Russian interference offered not occasion-nay, demanded not tho interference of this country, and every other state professing thomselves the lovers of liberty, the protectors of hu- manity, and tho promoters of social order, when are we to interfere ? Is it not when the peoples are struggling for their rights, as individuals and as nations, and foreign aid is leagued to crush them ? but when tho honour of a crowned monster or a sceptred fool, is supposed to be tarnished or he to sit tottering on his throne, from tho dreadful recoil of his hideous oppres- sion ? Away with tho blasphemy ; let the past bury it, thc free air of heaven will stifle it back to its proper hell, the dun- geon, and tho . chain. Advanc- ing civilisation and enlargement of thought will- not, endure, such policy in this country. Should it be permitted by Government, or in any, measure practised in the peculiar tactics of tho foreign office it can only be ; because unknown to tho nation ; let but the public mind be cog- nizant of such practices, and tho execra- tions that will greet thc plotter of such devices, the purveyor to pampered power and bloated villany, shall sweep him from tho exercise of public functions into tho ignominious retreat of a disgraced and degraded privacy, where infamy alone shall be familiar with his name. The dread of liberty and the elevation of the peoples, tho deep-rooted and wide-spread spirit of democracy is firing every nerve, and straining every muscle of decrepid absolution over the entire of Europe. Treachery and open violence, deep diplo- macy and unvizard tyranny, are plying their powers with unceasing vigilance to extinguish the last embers of hope and spirit in tho heart of patriotism and rising humanity ; but their, labour must perish, their devices shall ensnare their framers, their energies he shrivelled up like a sered scroll, their whole fabric of despotism shall be crumbled to atoms, it is rotten at the core: and sapless as their souls ; it falls in the common order and procession of things, and their doom is irretrievable; it cannot be reversed. ; For it is the eternal law . i That first in beauty should be first in might. Progress is inscribed legibly, on. tho uni- versal frame of nature,- down to its centre, and out to it's circumference, and in the ongoings of humanity its advances are marked; in characters of blood and of fire, and shall yet riso in glorious relief and undying lustre in those of living light, above , tho surges of savage barbarity, political serfdom, and social despotism. The words Kossuth and Hungary ! shall yet create an echo that shall reverberate throughout Europe and form a centre of attraction whose influence, shall reach, tho ice-built battlements of Siberia; and tho farthest shores of tho Pacific ; in the last revolution, despotism was made tremble to its centre, in tho next it shall be struck from its throne, and the same arm that cleaves it to the earth, shall place aloft, thc standard of. freedom on an indestructible tower, surrounded by the impregnable fortress, and guarded)by tho omnipotent arm of the nations,whose acclaim shall scare tho ghost of departed despotism for ever from tho haunts of men. OoMrijAINT.OS' tllE ÇÀTS-^TlttfMlOE OP : SCOTLAÑD.T^-Í' Mr. Pú%hV-T^créJsWt^p legged Scotch, ccprioniist^r-tho '. newspapers call him.n 'gcntlemuniih, Kirkaldy,'-who ,has invented;nn infernal machine by which a couple "of mice; cnn bo inadp i'o f spin' cot- ton'yarn.',' Tho; coat, 'piad 'profit Jia ve been calculated : with,-, a nicoty:. worthy- of, thc arithmeticalspirit « of Adam Sntith.; *A' 'cbtvplp' of ^mJco'-^(arp'.'!thetcouplé; to/bp a pair,',,'or. are,, pairs,;to bo' separated, iu the mouse-mill, as,in the Christian Unions?) -may ? mnko' atonement'1 to. .society for pnst offences ' by reeling fróm.:100, tb 12G threads'per day.' ", By . this it .'would appear that infant .mice aro not to bo.' omploycd ; inasmuch as, being up to a .certain ago ' guiltless ! of -wrong, they had i'iip evil to ntoho for ', an improvement, I must allow, upon, tlio old cotton-mill system that used up bnbyhood. ' 1 But1 listen to tho "calculation, ' tho , sum' total of ' which has warmed tho .heart's.blood of tho, gen- tleman' in Kirkaldy^rwarmcd it like his morning's porridgo :-' To complete this (tho 120 threads),'.the little pedestrians have to run 10è miles. A half-penny worth.of;oatmeal, ls. 3d. per peck; serves ono of thoso trcadwhcol culprits for tho long period of fivo weeks. In that time it makes ? 110 .'threads .por. day, At this rato a mouso carns Ts. Gd. per annum. Tnko off :5d. for board,- nncl ls. for raa chinciy, there' will arise Cs. clear for^overy. mouso annually/ ' Pi'otty,'profits..theso^"to tho musocrñt, i nrn't, thoy ? ; andr sweetly iUuBtyati/i'o of a certain. Behool pftcorom¿ree that Belows at tlie rate of öd, for the work »ian, and ls, for machinery, the, whilo the master pockets moro than 400 per cent, profit' from the transaction ! , In what place did tkis gentleman of Kirkaldy light upon this wisdom ? .Was'it inspira- tion from tho Miñones ? After this, what mouse in a Scotch mill would not chango his ? condition with a church mouse ? -nay, when I reflect , " upon , tho increased number of candles used now-a days in certain churches, a mouse ecclesi- astical may have a very jolly ber th of it. But tho thing is to bo donoupon a grand scale, Tliero is to bo a sort of Mouse Palace, in order that-ns in tho.Minorics and .elsewhere--tho extremo of pinching may bo associated with tho-extreme of vastness. * Tho mouse employer was going to mako an application for tho leaso of on old empty house, which would hold ÏO.O0O níouso mills, sufficient room being left for keepers and some hundreds of spectators.'. Now-, ten thousand mills employing ten thousand «nico, and every mouso returning, ovor the cost of oatmeal and machinery,, six shillings per annum profit, returns to tho humble capitalist sixty thousand shilliugs-otherwise, throe thousand pounds per year. A very sweet illustration of the rights of certain capitalists invested in certain labours, How many men may think themselves not a bit better than mice ? But, Mr. Pundi, may I-as ono of tho cats of Eiiglands-r ask you if Scotland intends to employ all her mice- and depend upon it, with tho view of six shillings a year profit upon each mouse, there will not be a. Scotch man, woman, or infant, who will not set a mouse-trap, even if bated with tho last pinch of oatmeal-nay, I ask you Sir, with all tho mice of Scotland earning the food, and clothing, and pocket-money of the Scotch people-may I ask;,whnt is to become of Scotch cats ?" , ; : ' '.; VALUE OF TIME TO "CHEAP THAU-" TnAVELLEtts.-The York, Newcastle, and Berwick Company are said to have had a clause introduced into a recent parlia- mentary Bill of theirs, authorizing tho company to reduce tho speed of ''cheap . trains" from twenty to twelve miles an hour. It seems to he considered that time is "of no consequence" to those wlio cannot afford to pay high fares, whereas it is precisely these to whom . timo is, in most cases, vitally valuable.. A, man with independent moans could alford .to " journey leisurely, and to defray tho in* creased expenditure incidental to length- ened delays, hut it is far otherwise with the usual occupants of "cheap trains," arid such checks on speed as those just alluded to, cnn only tend to rccontract tho pnblio habits pf locomotion within . tho narrow" limits of thc old jog-trot coaching system, . and to render "cheap trains" themselves profitless to tho companies, because useless to tho public'-The Builder,' TUE BntTisit ASSOCIATION.-Tho British Association commences its meet- ings, which this'year arc held at Ipswich, on Wednesday tho 2nd J.uly,"when Pro? fessor Airey, tho president, will, after tho reception of tho report, deliver an address to tho members. On Thursday Prince Albert will visit the town, ns a momberoi tho Association, being for tho occasion tim guest of Sir W. T. Middleton, nt Shrub-' land Parle ; and in the evening there will bc a grand full dress soiree at tho' Cornf Exchange. Tho next day (Friday) his Royal Highness will visit all tho sections,! and in tho course of tho'afternoon will return to London'. Saturday will bo,' devoted to excursions.; on Monday there' will, bo a, discoiirs9 on tho forthcoming eclipse j Tuesday tho sections assemble for the last ,timo, tho dinner being given to; tho President, in tho' evening ;: and on! Wednesday a general- meeting of tho members will be hold, to select n pince of mooting, and to'elect a president' for tho' ensuing year. It is said that tho sitting] will terminate with a grand public ball in, tho. evening in thc Oom Exchange.-1' Morning Chronicle: 