THE COMMENCEMENT OF RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION. (From the Freeman's Journal Dec. 7.) "New Penal Enactments.; — It is now generally .understood in legal circles that the Attorney-Ge neral, Solicitor-General, and Mr. Weisby are actively engaged in preparing an act of parliament to meet the recent aggression on the part of the Ronan Catholic bishops." We copy the foregoing demi-official announce ment from the London evening organ of the cabinet — the Globe of Monday. We may look upon this announcement as of almost equal authority with a proclamation in the Gazette, and be prepared to see the session of '51 disgraced by the introduction of a new penal code for the suppression of the free and full exercise of the Catholic faith in England. This is a matter of grave and weighty import for the Catholics of Ireland — one which demands their most careful and calm as well as their prompt attention. The assault about to be made in Eng land first will be easily imported into Ireland if successful there, and the precedent established in the dominant country made the rule for legislation in the weaker kingdom. The " No-Popery" howl which lias for some time raged in England is now . o © about to be transferred to the senate, the cabinet, and the court, and the spirit of infuriate bigotry heretofore manifested in the burning of Cardinal's effigies and of wooden representations of the Pope is now about to be embodied in penal statutes, and to find more substantial objects whereon to manifest its brutal intolerance. The first note of preparation should not fall in vain on Catholic ears. One and twenty years only have elapsed since the Irish Catholics wrung emancipation from the imperial senate. A genera tion has since grown up in freedom. The "old guard" have not all passed away, and if there is t6 be an attempt to return to religious persecution, perhaps no time more favourable to the friends of religious liberty could be chosen had they themselves the selection of the period for the struggle. We confess we were not, up to this announce ment, disposed to give credence to the floating rumours which from time to time reached us hs to the intention of the cabinet to introduce a new penal code, and we even hoped that the fanatical fuiy which has seized on the English press and on a section of England's upper class would speedily wear itself out, leaving no trace behind of its mad- rtess save the memory of -absurdity. Matters are, however, assuming a different complexion of late. The fury is calming down, and system is taking the place of disorder. That which was a -wild, howl is becoming a settled policy, and the sooner the- people of Ireland take thirir stand, the better will it be for all parties concerned. It is idle to talk" of this movement as being an' English one only. It effects Ireland as intimately as it does England, and the Irish Catholics owe it to them selves to fake their positions firmly ahd promptly, and to1 their Queen to give : her timely .warning of the end to which the 'present policy of her ministers must inevitable lead; ' : r r ' ' \- Plymouth.— -A numerously attended meeting, of artisans and others of the working classes has been held in Plymouth, theMayor presiding, for consider ing a plan for enabling persons of the working classes ahd of humble means to visit the Great -Exhibition to be held in London in 1851. On the motion of Mr. J. S. Trelawny,- M. P. for Tavistock, a resolution was passed for forming a»« association for - this purpose ; and it was agreed that a fund should be raised by weekly' contributions of the members to procure cheap transit for a large num ber to and from London, and admission to the Exhibition, and also sleeping and other accommo dations for those who may require it. A committee was appointed, and it was resolved that a list of members should be opened, each paying not less than lOd. per, week, commencing Saturday, Novem ber 2nd. Persons joining after one month to be subject to a. small entrance fee, and to payback as from the 2nd of November. Mr. G. W. Sultan said that commencing with November 2nd, they had forty weeks before them, which at lOd. per week would give j£l I3s. 4d.. Now it had been ascertained that the Great Western and Bristol and Exeter Railway Companies would contract to take passengers from Exeter to London and back for the siim of 16s. 2d., and assuming that the South Devon Company would act upon the same liberal- scale, they must reckon 4s. lOd. as the ad ditional charge from Plymouth to Exeter and back, which would give a total of £1 Is. as the charge of a return ticket from Plymouth to London. . Upon the supposition that it would take four days to view the Exhibition, which would thus entail a fur ther cost of 4s., there would remain the sum of 8s. 4d. to meet the expenses of living in London during that time, should they not have friends with whom they could stay, while there. Remedy for Short-Sightedness. — Dr Turnbull gives, in the Lancet, an account of some experi ments to remedy short-sightedness. He say3 that, in short-sighted persons, he observed that the iris was generally much dilated. 'It then occurred to me that contraction of the iris has the effect of apparently lengthening the convexity of the cornea, which approaches a circumscribed plane, that per mits the light to enter only in a straight line. The effect of this is obvious, The length of vision hereby necessarily becomes increased, and distant objects are brought within its range. It therefore struck me, that if we could discover any substance which could be so applied as to contract the iris, one cause of the defect of short-sightedness, would be remedied. The result, I am happy to say, has been most satisfactory. In the first instance, I applied the extract of ginger, which was rubbed for five or ten minutes over the whole forehead, with the view of acting upon the branches of the fifth pair of nerves. Afterwards, I substituted a concentrated tincture of ginger, of the strength of one part of ginger for two parts of spirits of wine, decolorised by animal charcoal. The success of this application was remarkable. In many cases it had the effect of doubling the length of vision. In some persons I found the iris not much dilated, but very torpid. In these cases I applied the con centrated tincture of pepper, made of the same strength, and in the same manner, as the tincture of ginger. This I used until I observed that the iris had obtained a greater power of contraction and dilation, after which I had again recourse to the tincture of ginger. This plan of treatment has been attended with the most signal success, and persons who were extremely short-sighted have very soon been enabled to lay aside their concave glasses. So important a discovery as this, will, I hope, be fairly tested by the members of our pro fession, who may rely on the success of the treat ment I have recommended, if it be only judiciously and carefully carried out.' \- Proposed Supplemental Exhibition. — The Archi- teot says ; " In conseqence of the prospective rejection of numbers of articles from the Exhibition for want of room, projectors have already in contem plation the establishment of a grand supplementary exhibition, which, it is supposed, will bring a large income. Mr. Freeman, the stone merchant, is working, at the Laraorna stone quarries, a block 20 feet in length, and weighing 20 tons. This will, perhaps, have no English competitor ; but we are far behind other countries — Russia for example—: - in monolithic monuments. London has not one, and yet this is a class of monument which is striking, . simple, and quite within the compass of our resources. j Why Should Man Fear Death? — Why should man fear that which he cannot know ? So long as man lives, he is not in death ; if he be immortal, death is being born unto' new life ; and in this new life he does not cannot, suffer death, for still living, he cannot know death-; and, if mortal; only, he will be as he was before birth. Besides, the arrange ments of universal animated nature are such, that one generation must of; necessity give place to its successor. This, therefore, being of the necessity of nature, there can be nothing more to fear in dying than in . being born ; the one is the un conscious commencement of being, and the other, the termination of man's conscious existence; at least, so far as man has experience and - knowledge. What, then, can there be to fear in death ? Life, so long as it is accompanied by enjoyment and hap piness, is desired and desirable ; hence man hopes for its continuance. But often sickness, and the infirmities of old age, change the hope of life into the desire of death. The fear of death does not, therefore, seem natural to man. A strong and almost ..irresistible love of life is implanted in the nature of man, and is indispensable for, the.preserva- tion of his organic existence ; but this is not the fear of death, it is. the love of life. The regions of darkness have been conjured into an unreal exis tence, and by the magical powers of an unhealthy imagination, have been peopled with spectres, ghosts, and demons, which nowhere exist, but in the trembling souls of intoxicated fanatics. Yet, even with all these supernatural agencies at work, men have risen : superior to any fear of the future ; for it is only reasonable to conclude, arguing from analogy, that, the same economy which governs this world governs all time and space ; and, therer fore, there is nothing in the universe to fear. The Christians in Turkey. — In Asiastic Turkey the religious zeal of the Turks is prompting them to fanatical excesses against the Christian popula tion, and in European Turkey an obstinate struggle for political supremacy has commenced between the respective followers of Christ and Mahomet. The Sultan seems fated soon to be no more than the protector of European Turkey, for Bulgaria has been already made a principality as little de pendent on the Porte as Servia and Bosnia ; the Herzegovina and Albania, are evidently aiming at the same privilege. The situation of Omer Pasha becomes daily more critical ; no troops have been sent to restore order in Candia. Samos refuses to receive Komemenos, its new Governor, and the old gold and silver coinage has been withdrawn to make way for an inferior currency. The explosion of the man-of-war is also considered a bad omen at Constantinople ; it has created a great sensation at Court, and the Sultan has been forced to console the capudan Pasha, who is said to be extremely dejected. The persecution of the Christians in Asiatic Turkey is terrible. On the 18th of October an attack was to have been made on the Christians at Liwno, and one actually did take place, on the 16th, at Aleppo. A body of Turks and Arabs fell upon the Christians during the night, and a fearful massacre took place. Few escaped with their lives, and such as did were wounded. The . Greek Bishop were among those murdered, The Pasha locked himself up in the fortress, and the troops did not attempt to interfere. At Monasta a fana tical dervish, who professed to be inspired, killed a Christian boy of fourteen years of age, and a cer tain Guiseppe Thomase, an Italian emigrant, in the open street. Club for all Nation.— On Thursday afternoon a preliminary meeting of foreign merchants and shippers ot the port of London was held at the London Tavern, Bishopgate-street, at which it was resolved that the removal of the commercial and shipping restrictions, and the great Exhibition of 1851, would naturally bring an immense number of foreign merchants to the metropolis, and it was therefore desirable, as the means of facilitating intercourse between those gentlemen, that a Club of All Nations shonld be established in London; to be provided, in addition to the usual club accomoda tions, with interpreters acquainted with all the East and of Europe, guides and commissioners, and departments for information. A committee of gentlemen, merchants of London, was elected to carry out the undertaking. r Representative Peer.- — Randal Edward Plunkett, Baron Dunsany, has been elected a representative peer for Ireland, in the room of Wyndham Earl of Dunraven, deceased. 