TRANSPORTATION. p (Fromn the Economist-of Many 24, 1851.) 'lhe difficulty of providing for criminals and repressing crime, which has long per plexed statesmen and, puzzled philosophers. is t increasing every day. Our gaols are insuffi cient of themselves to keep in security all a tlhse whom the law dooms to punishment, c' and to increase gaols-increasing an expense which is already bitterly complained of-is ? scarcely to be thotught of, even if it were advisable always to shut up within stone walls w the multitude of young and vigorols people 1b who are now annually sentenced to terms of ti imprisonment or transportation. To confine s them in hulks and employ them, brin'insg P their forced and unrewarded industry into a competition with the industry which earns t honest bread, strikes at the root of exertion, s and would level with the earth-were it in the compass of man's power to destroy society- the spreading tree of free and willing toil, the food and shelter of all. The terrible spectacle t of crowds of men shut up in prisons or hulks -corrupted if idle, and debasing honest in- ii dustry if set to work-eversending'forth some t' of their members--spreading moral disense ' throughout the whole community. -lias been 0 long regarded as so afflicting, that whenever P an opportunity has offered, society has eagerly embraced it to ship its convicts to some new 0 land, flattering itself that it had extinguished a evil, though it had only removed and concen trated it on some other spot. ii 1More fortunate than other nations; England r has hitherto seen lier streets free'from chained 0 felons, and seen her towns free from a felon c population, capable, under excitement, of e making themselves master of the community. n Her convicts have been removed to her colo- 1 nies. For nearly two centuries, North America 5 or Australia have, relieved her from many of I her criminals. But now a new phasis in the 1 moral world appears. Our colonies have grown t virtuous and free, and will no !onger receive t our convicts. The Cape of Good Hope has t succeeded in barring them out. Van Diemen's 9 Land is earnestly claiming the fulfilment of ' an implied promise that transportation should a not be continued. Throughout Australia, with one exception, a league has been formed, or is t forming, to keep out convicts. With an f increasing population, and a proportionate c increase of criminals-though, except in those r cases which are still punished capitally, there I seeins no relative increase of crimes-and, accustoind to transport some three thousand' I felonis every year, we are now threatened with I having this. outlet: closed, and three thousand I convicts, with a probability of crime increasing from their being kept at home, added year after year to our already large gaol population. To establish.. new penal settlemehts after the mainneir of'Nei"South Walds, is 'not to be recommended. The question now, therefor, I forces itself on consideration, and will be t effectually answered,-What is -it to be done I with our.convicts? We cannot;shove it aside t any longer. The petitions, remonstrances, and refusals of the colonists, who:back tneir ' claims by their sturdy resolves to resist, com -pel us to look the difficulty in the faie, and earnestly consider what we are to do with our criminals. ' 'The-public in general and some writers have an easysmethod of getting over the difficulty, for they throw it altogether on the Govern ment. and insist that the Secretaries of State forthe Home Department and the Colonies shall provide for criminals and repress crime. That is regarded as their duty, and they are' called on to perform it without the public know ing how itis to be accomplished. The ministers for the time being are on this subject made the scape-goats of the ignorance or the sins of the community, and from whatever source crimi nality may arise, they are held responsible for checking it. The public is never wrong-the' government is never right. When the latter, without consulting the public, made such re gulations as it thought fit, it was just to hold it responsible for the consequences; but since public opinion has become all-powerful, as all Liberals maintain, it is inconsistent both 'to dictate the course of the Government, and to' hold it responsible for the results. If public opinion expressed by the journals governs the affairs of society, as we are continually .re-, minded, the public out to take on itself, a great portion of the blame it throws on the govern-, ment; and it is the business of the public, instead of calling on the government to solve tlie whole difficulty concerning the disposal of crimiuals, to examine the question for itself, and decide whatcourse shall be taken. The opinions of society are in a state of transition as to.crime and punishment; great doubts prevail as to the efficacy of all the punishments hitherto used; and the represen tative of the public, or the embodiment of its wisdom, cannot be clear and decided. 'For a long period the public has been accustomed.to get rid of a large number of criminals by transportation. It hears a great deal of enor mous masses of waste land in our colonies; it sees a great number of persons shut up in goals whom 'it' believes might be conveniently re moved to these wastes; and it jumps readily to' the conclusion, that the criminals should some how or other be brought into conjunction with the wastes,;the land made fertile, and the crimi nals. have a chance of improvement. The public desires to get rid of the criminals, and, were,it polled, there is little doubt the majority would say, " By all means transport the felons, " and, if possible, make them'useful and vir- r tuous in the colonies." In obedience to such a general desire, and in conformity to a very ancient practice, the Government-while the country is oppressed with a gaol population- is not disposed to give up wholly the practice. of transportation : and the colonies, after hav- I ing derived much benefit from it, having grown ยบ wealthy and powerful by felon labour, aided by a party in England, and aided still more by the ireat and admitted evils of trnneportation, suddenly raise their voices against it, and are preparing at all hazards to resist the further admission of convicts. New circumstances, therefore, have arisen, which demand very 1 serious consideration. Two great previous changes in society, tend to force this matter to a crisis. First, there is the great change in our criminal code and in' the treatment of culprits.: Capital punish ment has been very generally abolished, making it necessary to extend sedondary punishments to a much greater number ofoffences. Coupled! with that, a great desire has arisen to reform offenders and ameliorate the condition of prisoners. The principle of vengeance and the dictates of. anger -unsparing in their operation-from which punishment arose, are wholly given tp as the basis of criminal juris diction, and Government on the 'modern plan is required to teach the ignorant, reform the wicked, aniil put the least possible constraint oon the criminal coiosistent with preventing crime. The public demands security against crime, and it-will no longer tolerate the old means by which that wvas at least supposed to be obtained. Without 'having folind oit any' new and certain means of repressing crime, it has insisted on the old methods of punishment being abolished.'' Some of its organs object to transportation, others to imprisonment, others to all the usual punishments, and they blame the Gov'ernm'ent'beRiause it has not found out some other means' of pi1eventing crime. Is it possible? B3efore so much is written on the subject, that question should be decided. Can Government prevent crime T The demands of the public appear to be' incompatible. It has forced the Government to give up many of the old punishnienta; 'it objects to others; it has not pointed out any means by which crime can be .repressed ; it requires, that. Government should be humane and kindly, and the wicked be terrified. It still keeps the sword in the hands.of Government, but has blunted its edge and almost forbids.its use. The other change is in our relations to our colonies. They have been gradually attaining independence. They are to be self-governed. They are assuming the character of federative states rather than dependencies. They are no longer to be ruled altogether by the mother country; they judge for themselves what is good, and they object to 'being made the recep tacle for our felons;. The time has not long elapsed since most of them were glad to receive convict labourers, and even yet, at Sydney, ticket-men were prefeied to emigrants. Very recently two vessels arrived there, one with emigrants, and the other with liberated con victs, and every one of "the latter immediately found employment, while the services of the former were rejected. The Cape, of Good Hope-where there were formerly slaves but no convicts-has, however, set' the example of resisting the mother country when she pro posed to send convicts thither, and that exam ple' has been contagious. The mother country can no longer coerce the .colonies; at least, in the presentatate of public opinion, the Govern ment would not be supported in sending men of-war and soldiers to constrain the colonies to receive our criminals.. r The origin of the present difficulty seems -to consist in the public or the nation requiring incompatible things, and, aiming at impossi bilities. It demands the repression of crime,. and it condemns the ordinary methods by which that is supposed to be accomplished. It has putan end almost to capital punishment \--it has not found out any secondary punish ments; and while it interferes to limit the power of the Government, it throws on' it the. responsibility of solving all the difficulties occasioned by its own unsettled opinions. In every free country the Government can only act as the organ of the public, and till .the public has made up its mind as to the .naturel of crime, and what ought to be done to repress: f it, and provide for the waste or criminal part: of the population, it cannot reasonably expect that the.Government should be able to take a f clear and consistent course. While lit is itself t immured in darkness, it expects that the Go a vernment should see ; and it blurts out censure. at every little mischance, as if the Govern s ment-the mere servant of its will-could' a protect society from every ,kind of calamity. 3 It requires incompatibilities. The Government, y must be both its master and its servant-its. protector and its slave; must,prevent crimes,. but must not use the ordinary methods of Spunishment.' Thle colonists and a party at home have now agreed to put a stop to trans-' o' portation. If they succeed, the public will be \- at once compelled to consider with great ear l nestness what is to be done with our criminals. \- We neither conceal the difficulties of this e great question,.nor blame the colonists for the course they have taken. -lIow, to:restrain cri- I mninals-how to make men virtuous-how -tp preventcrimes-are questions that have puzzled men in all anes. The accredited methods em ploved by our fathers have fallen into disuse -they have become repugnant to the feelings of an enlarged humanity, and no other have been found adequately, to supply their place. There is no more reason to believe that our remote ancestors attained atonce to a complete moral knowledge, than they attained at once to a complete physical knowledge ; and those who knew not how to cultivate the ground, could not have been great authorities on questions of criminal jurisprudence. We are first unlearn ing their errors and discarding their autlhority while we have not in all cases discovered any positive knowledge to substitute for the prinn ciples they hastily. nud rudely adopted. On this account, while'public opinion is yet unsettled on the subject, it is difficult to pro. nounce positively either for the abolition or. retension of traneportation. 'Till the public. has formed clear and definite opinions, which it -is bound to do- for it has in an especial manner taken on itself the task of watching over the administration of justice and ame liorating the criminal code-and Ilas-found out some punishment equally as efficacious as transportation, or is convinced that such a punishment may be dispensed with, it-is pre mature to press for its abolition. In common with all the questions connected with, the re pression of crime, about whichi after muchl experience, we are still in the dark, transporta - t.ion requires to be treated with greatrcaution. That is due alike to' our. unfortunate fellow creatures whom we deprive of liberty and .on whose rights we trespass, atnd to the commu nity whose power-is-exercised in at least an ungracious - manner, and -whose resources are employed in what appears to have been hitlierto vain exertions' to diminish the - number 'of Sriminals and repress crime. That traiseporta tion;Jike every species- of punishment, is full of evils, there is-not the least doubt, but there is in this respect o'nly a choice of great evils." It' is a great evil to have a large body of criminals, who mightbe usefully employed in subduing the wastes of the earth, shut up in gaols; and it is generally supposed to be a far greater evil, both to the mother country and to the criminals themselves, tian transportation is to thecolo nies. It is, by universal acclaim, declared to be a still greater evil to provide no punishment for offences, or to allow crime; unchecked and unrestrained, to obtain 'tihe mastership of society. Between these courses we have to choose, and all our difficulties lie in deciding which, on the whole and in the long run, is likely to lead to the least evils. - Electro-Biological Phenomena Phisiologically and Psychologically Considered. By. JAMes BaADw, M.R.C.S. Edinburgh, &c.;'&c.; [Lecture delivered at the Royal Institution, Manchester. 1851.] (Continued from page 793.)' Voluntary motion arises from a mandate of the will giving a special direction to the nervo- vital influence, so as to excite into action the class of muscles which naturally produce such motion, whilst their antagonists remain passive. In these electrorbiological experiments or vigi lant phenomena, however, the suggestion of the operator excites a greater flow of nervous force into the class of muscles which produce the action suggested,than the patient is able to throw into the opposite class. Both classes of muscles, therefore, are called strongly into action, but the suggested idea being the stronger, there is no efficient volun tary motion, notwithstanding a great amount of nervous influence may be expended by the p'lrent, as evinced by his rapid exhaustion. In this man ner I lately caused a patient's hands to become in voluntarily closed- on a walking-stick, so that he could not relax his hold of the stick and then, by saying aloud in his hearing, " I will now make it so heavy that it will be impossible for him to sup port its weight," the idea excited by this simple auricular suggestion was more than a match for his energetic but misdirected muscular efforts, for there lie struggled, until at last he fell upon the floor, quite exhausted by his efforts to support his imaginary load. The patient assured us, after the experiment was over, that he firmly believed lie saw a fifty-six pound weight put upon each end of the stick at paints indicated, and that he felt the I weight increaseat each addition, and that its weight at.last became quite overpowering. It was obvious, from the condition of the patient, thathe wasquite as much exhausted by his efforts to support the ima ginary weight as he could have been had it been real. Most people must have experienced asimilar feeling and result from an attack of nightmare, during.common sleep. The struggle and exhaus lion are in both cases analogous. On the other hand, if.the suggested idea and strongly fixed belief go along with the will of the patient, his volition may thereby be so much intensified as to enable him to lift a weight which he would be quite incapable of doing in his ordinary state. The his tory of cases of panic in an army from slight causes, and deeds of daring and achievements t almost superhuman, during fits of enthusiasm, are e, exanlples in point on a large scale. Neither a play upon the will, nor sympathy,nor f imitation, can account for patients feeling insuf ferable heat or cold, or for having the organs of sight, hearing, smell, and taste, paralysed or per verted so that the patient should be made to per ceive impressions at variance with the ordinary effects of the exciting cause, according to the sug gestions of the experimentalist. A strongly fixed idea and vivid imagination, however, are well known to be quite adequate to do so, as witnessed in monomania, delirium tremens, intoxication, and narcotism from opium, the hachisch, and other drugs, as well as in various other morbid conditions. In all these states, it is a well ascertained fact, that ideas may become so vivid as to assume all the force of reality, and that whilst the individual so affected retains a certain amount of consciousness of all around, still he cannot emancipate himself from the erroneous impression, or that he may be so engrossed with the one idea as to be dead or indifferent for the nonce to all other impressions. Before concluding this paper, I shall state my views regarding the nature, and effects of what have been called mesmeric passes, The passes have been divided into contact passes, in which the fingers of the operator are drawn gently over the part intended to be affected, and into non- contact passes; which consist in passing the hand over the part, near to, but not touching it, the fingers being extended and held apart, with a tremulous motion, so as to cause a slight agitation of the air in con tact with the part operated upon. The mesmerists alleged, that the effects realised arose from some occult or magnetic influence, or the odyle force of Baron Reichenbach, affecting the part in a parti cular manner." My researches, however, have led me to attribute it to the power which the mind of the patient possesses to change the physical action of the part to which it is strongly drawn and fixed by sensible impressions of an external nature, or by a steady fixed state of mental attention, by an effort of the patient's own will, especially if done with the expectation and confident belief of some change being about to happen. If, at the proper stage of the sleep, the impressions are directed to the organs of special sense, ideas will be excited in the mind of the patient in accordance with the special function of the organ to which the mind has been so directed ; if to a part where there are muscles subjacent, it will excite the muscles into action, and probably such ideas also as usually occasion or precede such physical actions. One of the most puzzling classes of phenomena which I had occasion to observe was the reverse results which seemed to arise from the same sensible impressions. Thus, contact passes, or agitating tle air along the course of an arm or legs would call the muscles into action, and elevate the limb. This, the mesmerists called " meimerising passes;" and wafting the air across the extremity caused it to descend, and this they called " demesmerising passes;" or agitating the air over one side of the head would cause the head to follow the hand of the operator first to, the one side and then to the other; or darting a hand over the hand of a patient and suddenly withdrawing it, and repeating the operation, would cause the hand to rise and become cataleptic. This was set down by the mesmerists as indubitable proof that there was an attraction be tween the hand of the operator and the patient's hand, which attracted it as the magnet does iron. I very soon perceived that on first going into the sleep, patients had sufficient mobility to be affected by certain impressions, and that they would ap proach to or recede from impressions, according as they were agreeable or disagreeable in quality or intensity. Thus, soft music they would be delighted with, and approach to, whilst they would be pain fully affected, and run from, loud or harsh music and tle same of odours, and impressions of heat and cold. I ascertained that titillating the skin, or agitating the air over the skin, would call into action the subjacent muscles, and thus you might flex the hand, and raise the arm ; and by acting in a similar manner with the opposite class of muscles, the hand and fingers would become extended, and the arm fall. This seemed simple and comprehen sible enough. But at length I ascertained that a class of muscles having been called into action by such impressions, and allowed to remain a short time in the position assumed, the repetition of the like sensible impression on the same points through which it had produced the action, would now re duce it, thus producing, from the same apparently exciting cause, the very reverse effects, whether that had been a contact pass or a simple agitation of the air. I found, moreover, that my will had nothing to do with these results, as precisely the usual result would be realised whilst I was willing the reverse. These opposite effects from the same exciting cause puzzled and perplexed me vastly : but at last I arrived at a very simple solution of the apparent mystery. When the patient got into the proper stage of the sleep for manifesting these phenomena, I recalled to mind that consciousness and the will are so much adumbrated that the movements are instinctive or automatic,and hence the impression merely gives a tendency to motion, being the most natural motion under the circum stances which exist at the time. Hence, if a muscle is passive, it will become active, and if active, it will become passive, from the same exciting cause. Thus, when an impression is made on the hand or arm when reposing on the lap, as it cannot descend it will rise, and become rigid; but by making a like impression on it after remaining in that con dition for a little while, it will give a tendency to perform the most natural motion, which, in this instance, is to descend. If any obstacle be inter posed to its rising or descending, and the impres sion be repeated, it will move laterally. This same mode of exciting action by sensible impressions, and reversing results in the way described, may be confined to individual muscles, or classes of mus cles, and in this way act on the muscles of exlreo sion, so as to awaken any passion or emotion in the mind ; the action of the muscles, which constitute the "Anatomy of Expression," suggesting the feeling to the mind of the entranced subject, as the idea, in the waking state, naturally calls such anatomy of expression into play. It is, therefore, a mere inversion of the sequence which ordinarily obtains between mental emotion and physical manifestations of such. emotions. That there is nothing occult or specific in the pass with the hand, is manifest from this, that a similar agitation of the air by the blast from a pair of bellows will produce precisely similar results as the like current of air from the wafting of the human hand, as have proved to the entire satisfaction of hundreds of intelligent individuals. A pass, therefore, as a visible or sensible im pression,.alds the patient in - condeuntrating his mental attention to a given organ or part, and thus influences the function, through giving a special direction to a power residing within the patient's own frame; but it no more imparts a virtue of an occult nature from tihe operator to the patient, tItan the lens produces the lighlt and heat which it makes visible and perceptible to the senses, through eoncentrating the luminous and calorific rays of the sun, and drawing them to a focus. Both the pass and thle lens aid in concentaating and manifesting tthe respective influences; but neither the operator nor the lens is the source, or origin of the power or influence so manifested. The above is an explanation of what may be realised naturally in subjects without any previous training or auricular suggestions whatever. It is quite possible, however, to subvert tile whole of these natnral phenomena by a system of training, as follows :-Supposing that, with each touch or agitation of the air, the operator speaks aloud and predicts what should happen, the auricular sug gestion may be so strong as to cause the predicted manifestation to be realised instead of what other wise would have been thle eases and thus, from'this time forward,through tihe double conscious memory, the like impression on that part or organ of sense, will recall the previously associated idea and mani festation. We may, therefore, havs an' artifciul as well as natural set of phenomena manifested, accordling to tiLe mode of operating and intention of the operator. Tt also merits' notice that there are some subjects who, during'tlle sleep, see through their partially closed eyelids. In thie ease of such subjects, if the operator gazes stedfastly at any part of thelir bodies, suclh as a leg or arm, the patient' will immediately catch the suggestion, and imagine that a move. ment of tile member looked at is,wished to be matde, arid hlisdoeiility will instantly incline him to obey the suggestion, as if.itlind,been exeited by a con tact-pass, or any other~itinulus applied directly to the part-i. e.,, if the member is down it will rise, or if up it will descend, or will move laterally if a mechanical obstacle is interposed to prevent it moving upwards or downwards. " In like manner 'the remarkable tendency to sympathy and imitation in such patients, will induce them to observe and imittite every physical act of the operator, or;other; person to whom he has specially directed. the patient's attention. Interpose a scree,,show ever, and then make movements of tile body or extre. mlties, and they will rely upon hearing, instead of sight, under the circumstances, and will odnly be occasionally correct now in their imitation of phy sical acts ; which is a clear proof that, in tlheother 'instances, they were directed by sight-viz,,seeing through the partially closed eyelids. All these phenomena may be realised without the patient intending to playoffi any deception on others, or having any remembrance of the facts on coming out of the sleep. I have never yet seen any phenomena during eithter tthe hypnotic or meemeric'sleep, or during the state for manifesting vigilatplhenomena, which were not in accordance with. generally admitted physiological and psychological.principles., .The, senses and mental powers may .be torpified or, quiickened in an extraordinary degree,; but I have never seen anything to warrant a belief thtat indi. viduals could thereby become gifted with the power of reading through decidedly opaque bodies; acquire- the faculty of knowing the' meaning of language:whiclh they had never learned ; and other transcendental phenomena;called by tlie mesmerists the higher phenomena. The power of a strongly fixed attention, vivid imagination, and self-confi dence, however, enables tllem:to.perform somne-ex. traordinary feats of phonic imitation, and writing and drawing by touch, without: the use of their eyes; discovering parties who own certain articles worn by them, tltrough the quickened sense of smell ; overhearing conversation in a distant apart. ment, which they could not'do in the waking con dition ; of recalling to mind things long forgotten when awake,; and also of deducing conclusions, manifesting uncommon shrewdness, from premises suggested to them, or arising in their minds spon. taneously from recollection of past events, to which they have directed their concentrated attention. These latter feats are precisely analogous to those manifested by the CelticSeers, or Second.sight men, in the Highlands of Scotland. Their attention was so fixed, and their spirits so rapt in the subject of their deep contemplation, that they stood with staring eyes,-" the eyes being open, but tile sense shut,"--similar to some somnambulists, and tihe shrewdness of some of their deductions was looked upon as the result of a sort of inspiration peculiar to that class of men. Several important inferences may be drawn from what has been adduced regarding the power of the imagination, belief, and fixed act of attention, in changinlg and controlling physical action, and of tlle state of the body thus superinduced re.acting on tile mind. It not only enables us to compre hend, upon scientific principles, the cause and cure of many diseases, where there has been no specific and adequate external physical agency to account for the results; but it also explains many pheno mena which used to be attributed to demonology, witchcraft, ghost-seeing, being spell-bound, the power of the Obi woman, who could cause their credulous victims to wither antl die under their assumed malign power and maledictions; the power of charms, spells, and amulets,of Perkins' metallic tractors, the efficacy of galvanic rings, bread pills, and such like. It also explains the alleged clair voyance of the Egyptian boys after looking sted fastly at an inky globule held in their hands, narratives of which are published by Lord Prud. hoe and Mr. Lane. The revelations of Kelly, recorded daily for Dr. Dee, Warden of Manchester in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and which were alleged to be revealed' to him by a spirit whilst gazing into Dr. Dee's celebrated show-stone; tihe fdrtune-tellers, a ho exercise a similar mode of look ing into futurity, by gazing into a glass egg ; and the late revelations of the same sort, published at the end of Zadkiel's Almanac for this year, as to thle revelations of thie Angel in Lady Bleisington's magic crystal, ,all come under the same .category, being merely figments of fancy, excited by ques tions or otherwise, set down for visions seen, and answers audibly uttered, or written in visible characters before them by the said Angels. Wlhat aver greatly excites and clanges the existing train of thought. and feeling, especially if done with faith and expectation, and fixed mental attention, will assuredly be followed by a change in tite pre viously. existing mental and plhysical condition of tihe subject. We also titus acquire this salutary lesson, that, in order to have a healthy state of mind and body, it is requisite that all our faculties should be duly cultivated, and that the'attention should not be devoted too long and exclusively to any one object or pursuit, as the latter course has a tentlency to engender a morbitl state of mind as well as of body. Hence the advantage of relaxation anti amusements of various kinds, so long as they are pursued in reason and with moderation. We also taught tltis important fact, that dogmatic scepticism, or pre judice, not only beclouds the reason, but also de stroys or perverts the perceptive faculties. This truth seems to have been clearly perceived by Dugald Stewart, when he- penned the following notable paragraph :-" Unlimited scepticism is equally the child of imbecility, as implicit credu lity." I,shall conclude this essay by a very simple mode of illustration, as respects the different points of view in which the mesmerists, theelectro-biologists, and myself, stand toward each other in theory, by relerring to the two theories of light contended for at the present time. Some believe 'in a positive emission from the sun of a' subtile material, or im ponderable influence, as the cause of light; whilst others deny this emission theory,and contend tlat light is produced by simple vibration excited by the sun, without any positive emission front that lumi nary. I may, therefore, be said to have adopted the vibratory theory, whilst the mesmerists and electro-biologists contend for the emission theory. But my experiments have proved tlhat the ordinary phenomena of mesmerism may be realised through the subjective or personal mental and physical acts of the prtient alone; whereas the proximity, acts, or influence of a second party, would be indis pensably requisite for their production, if the theory of the mesmerists were true. Moreover, my experi ments have proved that audible, visible, or tangible suggestions of another person, whom tihe subject believes to possess such power over him, is requisite for the production of the waking phenomena; whereas no 'audible, visible, or tangible suggestion from asecond 'party ought to be required to pro duce these phenomena, if thie theory of the electro biologists were true. There is, therefore, both positive and negative proof in favour of my mental and suggestive theory, and in opposition to the magnetic, occult, orelectric theories of the mesmerists and electro- biologists. My theory, moreover, 'lias this additional recom mendation, that it is level to our comprehension, and adequate to account for all 'Which is demon strably true,' without offering any 'violence to reason and common sense, or 'being at variance withl generally admitted physiological and psycho logical principles. Under these circumstances, therefore, I trust that you will consider me entitled to your verdict in favour of my orxNTA. THnoav. Arlington House; Oxford.street, Manchester. 