BIBLE SOCIETY. THE annual meeting of the New South Wales Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in the Free Church, Pitt street, on Tuesday evening last, pursuant to notes in the public papers. Mr. Allen, MC, having been called to the chair, the meeting was opened in the usual manner by the Rev. Dr. Ross. The Secretary (Mr. Comrie) then read the report of the Committee, from which it appeared that during a portion of the year their meetings were very irregular, and the business of the society frequently interrupted, and for a short time put a stop to, in consequence of the protracted illness and subsequent death of Mr. James Hayward, an old and faithful friend of the society, and who had for many years acted as depositary. For some time previous to his death the Committee were compelled to allow the sale-room to remain closed, and for several weeks little or no business was transacted. Finding that there was very little hope of Mr. Hayward's recovery, they appointed a temporary salesman, and have lately appointed as depositary Mr. Samuel Gould. The present depot in King-street having been found rather out of the way, the Committee had within the last few days succeeded in obtaining more centrical premises namely, at the corner of King-street and Pitt-street, at a rental of £130 per annum ; they hope, by sub- letting a portion of the premises to considerably reduce this amount, and at the same time by means of such a centrical depot to increase the sales to a very considerable extent. In the month of August last, the Rev. C. Woodward gave in his resignation CB one of the secretaries of the Society, in consequence of being about to visit Europe, on the reception of which the Committee recorded the opinion of Mr. Woodward's services by unanimously adopting the following minute : " Resolved, that the resignation of the Rev. C. Woodward be accepted by the Committee, who at the same time consider that the deep interest he has so long taken in the prosperity of this Society renders it due to him that he should not be allowed to leave the colony without an expression on their part of Christian confidence and satisfaction at the position he has occupied since his arrival here, in advocating the claims and in advancing the interests of this great and important institution and their earnest desire and prayer is, that Mr. Woodward's life may long be spared for future extensive usefulness in the cause of his divine Lord and Master." During the year this Auxiliary has sold Bibles and Testaments which have produced the amount of £86 0s. 2d. ; the subscriptions and donations received in the same period amount to £102 8s. 6d. Through the kindness of the parent society, the Committee had been enabled to distribute amongst the various Sab- bath schools of the colony grants of 500 Bibles and 1600 Testaments-the recipients belonging to all denominations of Protestant Christians namely, Episcopalian, Presbyterian, Wesleyan, Congregational, Baptist, and Primitive Methodist ; as well as several private schools having no denominational peculiarity. The Committee, in the early part of last year, feeling the great obligations under which this community was laid to the parent society, resolved on sending a free contribution to its funds of £60, hoping that increased contributions during the year would justify them in so doing. The subscriptions and donations, however, only amount to £102 8s. 6d., while the expenses of the Auxiliary have amounted to £82 6s. 7d,, thus leaving only the small balance of £50 which they have contributed to the funds of the Parent institution. The Committee have established agencies for the sale of Bibles and Testaments in several of the principal towns of the interior and they have long wished to adopt the system of colportage, which has been found to answer so well in France and other continental countries, as well as in several of the British Colonies of North America, and which would be most suitable for the interior of Australia. They consider that such a system is the only one that can really meet the exigencies of the case, by which, if efficiently carried out, multitudes who now sit in darkness and in the shadow of death might by God's grace be spiritually enlightened. " Will not the man of substance, whose coffers the goodness of God hath filled with plenty, and whose heart the loving-kindness of the Lord hath touched with the richer blessings of his grace, will not such an one come forward to the help of the Lord in such a cause? Surely ten such might be found in a wealthy city like this, who could with ease subscribe £10 each per annum, and thus enable the Committee to send out their first pioneer. They trust that this appeal shall not be in vain. They are willing and ready to take all the trouble and all the responsibility of the undertaking upon themselves, provided the necessary funds are forthcoming ; but the responsibility of withholding or the blessedness of giving must rest with you, who know so well where it is written, " It is more blessed to give than to receive." "There is that scattereth and yet increaseth, and there is that withholdeth more than is meet, but it lendeth to poverty." During the year ending May, 1850, the parent society issued, at home and abroad, the large number of 1,130,695 copies of the sacred Scriptures, making, since its commencement in 1894, the immense total of 23,110,050 copies of that blessed book, which it has scattered abroad over the habitable globe, girdling the earth with blessings, lighting up its otherwise dark and dreary surface with beams of heavenly radiance, scattering far and wide the seeds of light and life, elevating the degraded, enlightening the benighted, and leading the superstitious and the idolatrous to the knowledge and the worship of the living God-fill- ing the present with good and the future with hope, " having not only the promise of the life that now is, but that also which is to come." The CHAIRMAN then called upon The Rev. R. MANSFIELD, who said that he had very great pleasure in moving "That the report now read be adopted, and, together with the Treasurer's account, be printed and circulated under the direction of the Committee." He thought that every one present must have listened to the report, as read by the Secretary, 1 with great interest, and vi h mingled feelings, containing as the report did much to cheer and i encourage, much to grieve, and in any less sacred cause, much to discourage. So far, however, as the report had reference to the proceedings of the parent society, it was in the highest degree encouraging and cheering. It is not yet quite half a century since the Society was called into existence, and looking at the vast results which it has achieved, it may well he exclaimed, " What hath God wrought" by its instrumentality ! Tile good that has been erected no living man may say eternity alone can disclose ; but as " all Scripture is given by inspiration of God," might they not hope that the dissemination of this Scripture has been made the instrument of comforting many a weary heart, and of direct- ing many wanderers to Him in whom alone they can find a permanent repose. The colonies had long been the recipients of the Holy Scriptures from the Society for some twenty years or more. British ships have borne to this colony supplies of the inestimable treasure which if they could not pay for, they had to accept as a free gift and by the munificence of the Society this Auxiliary had, during the past year been enabled to distribute among the Sunday Schools of the colony Bibles and Testaments, of which, on reference to the Report. he found that the cost price was upwards of £85. But so far as the report related to this Auxiliary he could not help saying that it was discreditable to them as a religious, pious, and prosperous people. To think that the subscriptions of the whole colony for the past year amounted to no more than a hundred pounds ! Why, he recollected that thirty years ago the income from Sydney alone considerably exceeded that amount. It was so paltry that he blushed to name it, and the more so because of the act of justice which the Committee had in contemplation in remit- ting £50 to the Parent Society in London, but towards which, owing to the small income and the unavoidable and necessary expenses of the Society, only some £20 was at their disposal. He hoped that the appeal made by the report which had just been read would be so responded to that the Committee would be immediately placed in circumstances to remit the entire amount. How any person believing in the Bible as a revelation from God to man, and possessed of the treasure himself, could for one moment hesitate in contributing towards the funds of a Society whose object was the circulation of that blessed book, was an anomaly he could not understand. The Rev. J. BEAZLEY, in seconding the resolution, said that he rose under considerable depression, sympathising as he did with the preceding speaker as to the discouraging aspect of the Bible Society in Sydney; and he had found in looking over the reports of the parent society, that for some years the amount of subscription received from the Sydney Auxiliary was wretchedly small as compared with the contributions received from the surrounding colonies. It was a painful consideration, and one on account of which every Christian man should sincerely mourn. It was to him a matter of most painful regret that such an In- stitution as the Bible Society did not receive a larger degree of support in so large and so prosperous a city as this. It is an institution grand as can be, but surpaBB ingly simple. A number of persons assembled together professing to have discovered in the Bible the truth, and to have put themselves under its guidance, and wishing that others should become participators in the advantages themselves enjoyed. Another ground of his regret at the want of support to the Bible Society was, that he regarded the Society as the greatest exponent of Protestantism. Protestants put no confidence in anything not found between the covers of the Bible none whatever in miracles, believing the age of miracles to have passed away, and that the Bible alone was adequate to bring men to the Lord Jesus Christ for salvation. This Society was the point around which Christians of every Protestant denomination might consistently rally. He had been in places where this was the case ; but the aspect of present circumstances he could not but feel was quite de- pressing. The Rev. A. SALMON moved the second resolution. He said, it was surely not an unwarrantable inference that there must be something peculiar very peculiar -about a book which men in all countries where it was known and understood from societies for the purpose of disseminating. There is only one book concerning which this can be said only one that has attained to such a pre- eminence of I honor and worth in the estimation of men and all the honour which it has won, and the estimation in which it is held are most justly merited. It is impossible, indeed, for men to esteem it too highly. We cannot over estimate its worth - we cannot give it any honour that does not rightfully belong to it. He need hardly say that that book is the Bible -the book which it is the object, the sole object of this Society, as a branch of the mighty parent institution in the mother country, to disseminate. The Bible is the book emphati- cally it is the book of God. That was a beautiful and striking saying-we ought i never to forget that the Bible has God for its author, salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture of error as the matter of it. It is the staff of life-life spiritual and life eternal. It is the means of awakening spiritual life in the dead soul when applied by the omnipotent energy of that Spirit which indited it, and applied by the same powerful agency it maintains and nourishes the i vital spark which through means of it has been enkindled. It makes known to us, with a clearness and force of evidence sufficient to set every scruple at rest, and an authority to which we must implicitly bow, the nature and character and perfections of our adorable Creator, and it discloses to us that which most of all concerned as to know-God's purposes of mercy to our fallen race. It is the lamp of man's feet and the light of his path amid the deep moral darkness that broods over this sinful and Roy rowful world ; it points him to the land of light and purity above ; it leads him onward, and, if he submit to its teachings if he follow its directions, it will safely and infallibly conduct him to the regions of immortal glory. But a resolution on this subject had been put into his (Mr. Salmon's) hands, which he had great pleasure in submitting to the meeting. It is as follows: " That the Bible, and the Bible alone, is the only infallible guide for fallen man, in his search after happiness here, and felicity hereafter; and that the Society whose object is to diffuse such a boon amongst the human race, is worthy of the confidence and entitled to the support of all Protestant Christians." The resolution, they would perceive, sets out with the assertion of a most important doctrine -a doctrine which forms one of the characteristic features, one of the leading peculiarities of Protestantism, namely, that the Bible, and the Bible, alone contains our religion-that the Word of God, contained in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, is the only rule which God has given to direct us how we may both glorify and enjoy him-that the Bible contains all that God sees necessary for the salvation of fallen man, both as to what he is to believe concerning God, and the duty which God requires of him and therefore constitutes a perfect and unerring standard of faith, a complete rule of conduct. This doctrine, it may be said, formed the basis of the Reforma- tion in the sixteenth century. It was the solid platform on which those heroic men took their stand, through whose instrumentality that glorious moral revolution was accomplished. This doctrine formed the principal weapon, too, with which these dauntless combatants as- sailed that system of error in doctrine and corruption in practice, which had spread its roots so far, and sunk them so deep, that it seemed impregnable-which had acquired such power as to overawe and trample on all civil authority. This doctrine was one of the chief instruments of breaking the chain of that spiritual despotism that had for ages enthralled and de- based the civilised, and so called Christianized, world. It is, indeed, a most important doc- wine and never, he trusted, would Protestants regard it lukewarm or indifferently that they will never be timid in their assertion of it, or slack in their defence of it, or slothful in its propagation. It is hardly possible within a short compass to establish satisfactorily such an important proposition as this. It would require an elaborate essay rather than a short speech. He would say, first of all, to this meeting, that it is surely no slight presun pt are evidence in favour of the doctrine of the resolution, that if God, in his abounding mercy, should grant a revelation of his will at all to his fallen creature man, that we would naturally expect it to be, like all his other works, perfect in its kind perfect and sufficient for the purposes for which it was given. If there is a such a book in this world that we are entitled to call the Word of God, having for its object j to teach man how he can obtain the favour of ' God and the blessings of eternal life is it not reasonable to expect that it will contain the whole truth on the subject, as well as nothing but the truth ? If " holy men of old spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, is it not reasonable to expect that they would be moved to speak all that was necessary to salvation, and not in part only ? If there is a revelation of God's will at all to the human race, why should a part only of that revelation be written and another part traditionary ? Can you conceive that God would deal with truth in this manner truth essential to his own glory and to man's salvation part of it he commits to en- during tablets, writes it down in letters and words, and sentences, and guards it with all the precaution from perversion and corruption that can be applied or employed in human things. And another part of his truth, and that equally essential to man's salvation, he scatters abroad, to be blown by the winds of tradition in any direction and in any connection? A part of his truth he puts into the channel of the written Word, and guards that channel with jealous care that no impure ele- ment may mingle with it, and another part of his truth, as precious and as important-nay, without which the other is useless-he com mite to the proverbially impure channel of tra- editions channel fouled with man's unholy passions and predilections-a channel in which nothing either sacred or profane has ever been safe, or preserved pure, from the very foundation of the world. But we must have a human, living, and infallible interpreter both of the written word and of the traditions, and that reconciles all contrarieties and explains all difficulties ; even on that sup- position tradition is not necessary even on that supposition, better far if the whole truth of God were written down and collected into one volume. The infallible interpreter's office would both be better defined, and his duties less onerous. But where is that infallible interpreter? Is it the Pope himself? or is it a general Council with the Pope presiding ? or is it the general consent of the Church ? It is no libel to say that there have been Popes as ignorant of the Christian doctrine as Hindoos, and even more scandalous in their lives; and is it not the truth of history, that one General Council has enshrined in the Church, as the very truth of God, what another has denounced as damnable heresy ? Where then is the in- fallible interpreter to reconcile the written truth of God with the fables and lying wonders of tradition? There is no need for him. Let us discard and despise the tradition, and cling firmly, lovingly, and reverentially to the writ- ' ten word. Let us hear with reverence the Saviour's admonition-" Search the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life." And yet, Sir, it is said by some that this Bible is a dangerous Book. Although it is all but incredible, it is nevertheless positively true that some even who profess Christianity have ventured to give this character of the oracles of the living God-of those Holy Scriptures that are able to make men wise unto salvation, through faith that is in Christ. There is one sense in which I fully agree with them that the Bible is a dangerous Book. There are certain things to which there is nothing more dangerous and nothing more to be dreaded than the Bible. The chemist's test is dangerous, exceedingly dangerous to all impure mixtures to all adulterated substances. It detects and exposes the minutest particles of poison concealed in the most savoury and delicately prepared food. The baser metals mixed up with the precious in order to deceive the unskilful have reason to dread that test-they blush, if I may so speak, in its presence - they change colour at its touch, and the imposture stands revealed-and the Bible is a moral test most dangerous in its application both to superstition and will worship-to all false systems of religion and to all the corruptions of the faith as it is in Jesus. The erroneous doctrines and superstitious practices founded on and countenanced by apocryphal legends and traditionary fables, shrink back in terror from the blaze of the bright beams of Scriptural truth, Oh ! there is no wonder at all that in some quarters the Bible should be regarded as a dangerous book. The alarm is just-the fear is well founded there is no peace, no Safety, no security for any of the corruptions of our holy faith when the Bible is near. Well may all the corrupted and perverted forms of our holy faith cry out to the Bible, OB the Unclean Spirits did of old to the Author of that faith, " What have we to do with thee ; art thou come to torment us before the time?" The Bible is dangerous to the Pope ; it strips him of his usurped authority in the Church- it casts down the illegitimate throne of his domi- nion stains the glory of the scarlet robe, it turns it into a garment of burning shame and flagrant Bin-and costs down the triple tiara to the dust. Because it proclaims that Christ is I the only living and life giving Head of the Church because it says to the disciples of Christ, " Call no man on earth your master. One is your master, even Christ, and he only is the Lord of the conscience." The Bible is dangerous to Purgatory ; because it proclaims that as the tree falls so it must lie-that in the cold grave, to which we haste, there are no acts of pardon past-that he that is filthy must be filthy still, and he that is holy there be holy still-that the very same moral character which we carry along with us out of this world will cling to us, and keep possession of the soul to all eternity. The Bible is dangerous to the invocation of the saints and the worship of images; because it says, "Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve ; Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in the heavens above, or in the earth beneath, or in the deep waters : thou shalt not bow down to them nor worship them." In a word, the Bible is dangerous to all counterfeit Christianity, just as the genuine coin of the realm is dangerous to that which is base and spurious. The blasphemous claims of an in- fallible earthly Head of the Church, and the arrogant pretensions of a lordly hierarchy in any church, the superstitious mummeries of an unauthorised ritual, the poor and pitiful figment of apostolical succession, and the gross delusion of priestly absolution all of these crouch and cowl, without a rag to cover their shame, before the simple dignity, the native I majesty, and the searching power of scriptural ( truth. The Rev. J. HAM seconded the motion, and i in doing so urged upon the meeting the duty of : searching the Scriptures with humble and fervent prayer, a duty which if properly performed would induce a deeper interest in the spiritual welfare of mankind at large, which would be manifested by (among other things) a firm resolution to do all that could be done for promoting a wider circulation of the Holy Scriptures, not only in this city and colony, but throughout the habitable globe. He trusted that the state of things laid before the meeting by the able report of their Secretary, would not be suffered to continue that those who acknowledged and felt it to be their duty and privilege to disseminate the word of life would at least equal the energy put forth byivthise whose endeavour is to circumscribe its circulation. He hoped that the sUggestion of sending out a colporteur-a Bible missionary would not be lost sight of that those who now, in the excitement of a public meeting, felt and admitted the necessity for the adoption of such a valuable auxiliary in the work to which the Society was committed, would contribute by their means towards putting it into operation without delay. None of them would live long -some of them, in all probability, would die before the end of this year, and it became them as Protestants to be up and doing. The Rev. Dr. Ross moved the third resolu- tion-" That this meeting regrets deeply that the Bible Society should meet with so little encouragement and support in New South Wales, and pledges itself to renewed, exertions on behalf of the local auxiliary, to enable it during the present year to extend considerably its operations by sending out colporteurs to scatter the bread of life among the dwellers in the bush." A great deal had been said this evening in praise of the Bible: Was it all true ? If so, it was a severe sentence on multitudes who, satisfied with possessing a copy themselves, neglected aiding to send the same blessing to those who had it not. He was not prepared, however, to join in all that had been said this evening. There were some who had not been so long in the colony as he had, and he would tell them he had seen the Bible Society here in a much lower, weaker, and more distressed State than now. He had seen meetings held year after year, at which indeed there was no lack of eloquence to enforce the claims of the Society on the Christian public, but when they could not get so large an assembly as that which he had now the pleasure of addressing. But the fact is, that the Society is in an improving state. This year their funds were better than these reported at their last meeting ; the lost was an improvement upon its predecessor and for several years this had been the case. He therefore was not. at all discouraged. His friend, Mr. Mansfield, however, was an older resident in the colony than himself, and of the time to which he (Mr. Mansfield had referred he knew nothing ; but so far back as his knowledge extended, he saw reason to " thank God and take courage." He thought that a great mistake prevailed as to the object of the British and Foreign Bible Society There were two classes of mankind for whose benefit it was intended. One object was that every man should have the opportunity of obtaining the Word of God at a cheap price ; but the grand object was to supply it to those who neither have it nor the means of getting it but through the instrumentality of this Society. The Society have employed agents to translate the Scriptures into every language under Heaven, in which they were not already extant, when- ever they found men competent to the task, and by these means the Bible is now found in the language of the Mahomedan, the Chinese, the tribes of Hindostan, and the Islands of the Pacific, of Siberia, and of Africa ; this work is still progressing, and will continue so long as people shall be found who have not the opportunity of reading in their own tongue of the wonderful works of God. There may be some surprise that among the 60,000 inhabitants of this city only about one hundred subscribers are found to such an institution as this but it will not be found so surprising when it is recollected that of our population a very large number cannot be expected to assist us, because they plainly tell us that they do not believe the Protestant translation of the Scriptures to be a faithful one we could not therefore expect their support. Then there is the more numerous class of the Episcopal Church, among whose members there is a notion that as they have a Bible Society of their own for supplying the wants of their own members under this impression no doubt many think it their duty to refrain from supporting this, which they are accustomed to look upon as a rival institution, and among whose members are to be found many dangerous persons. Their Society is doubtless a valuable institution, and worthy of all the support it receives, but it does not occupy the ground taken by the British and Foreign Society, it is not a translating society. They have the Scripture certainly in two or three different languages ; but this Society has the word of life in upwards of 150 different languages, so that, by its means, wherever you find a missionary you may also find copies of the Sacred Scriptures, either in whole or in part; and since its establishment in 1894 it has been the means of putting into circulation a larger number of copies of the S scriptures than had been known until that time, since the days of the Apostles. The chief ground on which he looked for this Society, was the necessity which existed for its operation. They wanted to send the Scriptures to those who had it not, to those who could not by other means at present in existence obtain or, to those who as yet knew not of the existence of such a book and on this ground he asked for the assistance of every man who professed and called himself a Christian, towards the prosecution of so great a work. The Rev. Doctor then entered upon an explanation of the means in operation on the Continent of Europe for the circulation of the Scriptures by colporteurs, or hawkers, and read from the report of the Parent Society several highly interesting narratives, illustra- tive of the reception met with by the colporteurs, and of the results of their labours, which our limits forbid us to copy and concluded by announcing that two friends had just come forward with an offer of £10 each to wards the £100 required for the establishment of a similar agency in this colony. The Rev. W. B. BOYCE seconded the motion, He agreed with Dr. ROBB that the sombre note given by the report, and taken up by some of the speakers, was quite unnecessary, as regarded the position and prospects of this Society and then proceeded to lay before the meeting a few facts setting out the operations of other Bible Societies in the colony. These facts, he hoped, would have a cheering effect upon the minds of those friends who had been travelling from Dan to Beersheba, and thought that all was barren and desert. On the contrary, he was of opinion that their circumstances called for gratitude, and that the prospect before them was one which ought to cheer and animate to increased exertion, rather than to despondency. THOMAS HOOD, Esq., (from India) moved, and the Rev. B. HURST seconded the following resolution" That the following gentlemen be the officers and committee for the year : President, G. Allen, Esq., M.L.C. ; Vice Presidents, the Venerable Archdeacon Cowper, D D., and the Rev. Dr. Ross; Treasurer, G. W. Allen, Esq. Secretary, J. Comrie, Esq. ; Committee, Rev. Messrs. W. B. Boyce, J. Beazley, J, Ham, B, Hurst, A. Salmon, and F. Tuckfield, Messrs. Fairfax, G. Rees, J. Alexander, J.P., S. Owen, A.C.G., D. Jones, J Thompson, senior, G. A. Lloyd, E. Hunt, A. FOSS, and J. Caldwell. The usual vote of thanks having been passed to the Chairman, the Rev. A. Salmon pronounced a benediction, and the meeting terminated. 