THE DIOCESAN SOCIETY. The Second Annual Meeting of the Geelong Branch of the Melbourne Diocesian Society, was held on Wednesday evening, in the Christ Church schoolroom. His Lordship opened the meeting with suita blo prayers. The following address was then delivered by 11ia Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne- My Christian friends, I am happy to have an oppor tunity, once more, of presiding at a meeting of the members of the Church of England in this town. It is a long time since I had that plenasure, deeply felt by me, as it is my greatest appiness to meet a unmber of my clerical and ay brethren assembled to promote the extension of the Church to which we belong, and to which by principlo as well as by education we are warmly attachled. In considering the topics on which I should address yon, I felt somewlhat at a loss, for I did not exactly know what subjects there were on which it would be desirable for me to speak to you, but as it is stated in the journals that I intended to addressyou on the Diocesan Society, I will proceed to that. subject, and sa? a fewr words oi the topic, and but a few, because the objects of the society are simply stated and familiar to you all, and if I were to give you an account of the progress of the Church dirinig the last twelve months I should be repeating what has been already in the re ports of the Diocesan Society, and in the letter addressed to the secretary, with the view of setting before the sooiety all that had been ldone up to that period. I will, therefore, ask you to acknowledge, with thankfulness, the great good ness of our covenanting God for the progress that he has permitted us to make during tlhe last eighteen months. We have indeed very much to be thankful for, when we consider the great in crease of the number of the clergy during that period, numbnering as we do now, not less tlhan twenty ordained members of the gospel, besiles five licensed lay preachlers, occupyaing important posts in the 'bush and varlous parts of the country, this indeedl is a matter of no small thankt'ulness to God, whilst at the same time the colony itself las made greater progress in pro. portion than we have done, there has been during this period a great addition to our populations of Geelolng and Melbourne, and in other towns, suIch as Belfast ind Kgilmore and their suburbs, anld a great influx of population to the bush, to these there are most urgent appesls miade for the ministration of the gospel. Amongst our settlers in general, there is the strongest dispo sition to contribute to the maintenance and difn sion of the gospel, and it behloves us to rememlber tihe elxhortation of our Saviour to pray to the Lord of the vineyard to send forth laboeur into the vineyard, aid that HIe may provide able and faithful men for the mninistrjy, and supply us with the means of maintaining that ministry. There have been many events during the last eighteen mooths materially affecting the welfare of our Church, but I still pass them by now simplh, briefly noticing the subjects which doubtlessly have occupied the attention of'most of you, and in which you have felt more or less interested. There was the conference of the Bishops at Sydney, in which it was permitted me to spend the mouth of October in company of my five brethren, the Bishops of Sydney, New Zealand, Van Diemen's Land, Adelaide, andi Newcastle. It was in every sense an important sitting, of which you had an opportnnity of judging thle re sults from the minutes which had been circulated in this province, a fer copies of 'hiclh are yet to spare, in the hIands of Mr. Cornbsry, atlelbourne. Ihose minutes will show you the nature of the subjects which came ndler our consideration. They were of a twofold character-subjects that afftetd tho constitution of the Church in this conuntry, thle present administration of her ordi nances, and the carrying out of her services. In conseqnenee of the peculiar circumnstances of the Church in this country, there are many irregu larities introdulced, and it was necessary that the dlifLferent bishops should have an oplportunity of talking over these matters, and considlering hiow far they, might properly modify to a certain extent the rules of our cluroeh so as to renler them ap pliable to this colony, and more particularly to draw your attention to a conclusion arrivedl at, whlichl relates to the constitution of the ohurch in this colony. It contains our unanimously ex pressed opision on certain particulars connected withi the future government of our chulrch, and the regulation of hlier aftairs; and I feel deeply .aixious that thie clergy and laity should consider thlose suljects if they have opportunitv, and are willing to do so; and I coslu wish that they wonhul exprecs thssir opinion uponi itat this time, whenl her Mjlesty's Government, andl the helads of the churchl in' this colony, are making them sshujects of their considerition, so that thley may ascertain our opinions with reglard to tlhe several piarticulars relating to us. It will be ~ratifyingig to yon to observe that so far as our oinisons can hie iwith rerardi to the constitution of the church, they are unanimnous. It has been delightfil to. nmyself, and it will Ibe a subject of graitification to vyoun to know that the mseeting of thel metropoli inms was conduicted throsuglhut with the utnost cordiailsiy of feeling: we were met togethelr from differentT parts, not previously acquasinted with eachn othcr: ntd yet wse found' ourselves on terms of thie gre:test confidence, although there ex isted some ditferences of opinion between us, par ticularly on one poinlt of doctrine; ned yet we were enabled to consult together on that point, and on other important poilnts anflbting our church, without any estrangemelnnt, or breach of Christian love, and cordial intercourse, that ought to exist between Christian brethren in tire same branch of the Church of Christ; and I have no doubt but this hasseen a matter of astonishment to nmany amongst onrselves; they must hlave wonderel how those who were considered to hold such different opinionis, should have carried on this conference with such apparent unanimity and cordiality of feeling. But I will explain to you in a few minutes how this was, and thre ex planation is very simple. We met, looking to the Bishop of Syneyv as our Metropolitan;: other wise on terms of perfect equality. We met impressed with the feeling that we sere bound to allow to others that privilege of forming their own judgment that we clained for ousclves, and I feel satisfied that that principle existed in the minds of every one as well as myself. In all our cornversations and deliberations together, there was an entire absence of suy desire to exaggerate our mutual differencess-we listened to each other, and were thankful to find such a common agree ment existings-all were willing to forbear on points where there was a dlifference; and many estrangements that do exist arise from nuninten tional exaggeration of the differences in point, and there is, mnore often than -persons are awRare of, an agreemlent whlere they do not suspect it; and persons very often follosv oat an opinion into conseqenceas which the party offering the opinion does not at all allow. Now, with regard to the question on lwhichl there existed a difference of olsnion amongst us, the doctrine of Baptism nod my brother the Bishop of.New Zealand, after a conversation withl mue on the subject, expressed hiis feelings, "thlat although there was a differ ence, vet there was not much." He thlonglt that I Ieled the opinion that baptism .was only a sign, or a ceremony witlhout grace connected witli it, and hie was plecased to find tlatmy opinions were as wvidely different from th?se heltl by Dissenters as were his olwn. This swas an important point, that each one considered himself as responsible for. the fulfilmeat of his duty-firstly, to God; and secondly,; to those over whom CGod had placed him; and 'e did not wish to' interfere with the responsibility of the rest; and there was a wil. lingiess.to allow- a thorough disinterested pur pose in all, to acknowledge the zeal ad earnest ness of oneoanother, and these feelisa en abled ns to carry on this conference, without the slightest estrangement of feeling, from the begiasisng to the end; and enabled us to discuss all the various matte-s that came before us, and to speak openly, to think independently on sub jects on wich we entertained certain opinions, and enabled us to partwith stronger mutual con fidence thlan we possessed when ie first met to gether; and I trust that I shall ever think ofthe five Bishops wiith the most christianlike feeling; and whilst I remember them I amn sure thant shall be remembered by them; and in what we differed, if they he in error, I pray that they may be enabled to descry the truth; and if I be Ia error, I pray that the same light may be voelh safed to me. There is one thing I will mention, as I have heard it since my return. It lhs been remarked to me as a matter of.surprise, that there should have been so much apparent unani mity prevalent; and there has beau a feeling as if a certain party lhad conceded hiis views to others. I was surprised and gratified to find that we were able to carry on such deliberations with Christian harmony and concord; for it does some times Ihappen, from peculiar temperaments, that such things are impossible: and it is a subject of thankfulness that such halrmony was granted to us: and it was attained withlout the least con cession of principle df either party-it was at tained by the simple recollection of the great ob ligations of the Christian Church, "Not tojudgo one another, but to forbear one another." I have touched on this as a subject that would interest you. Andi I now proceed with pleasure to the consideration of the Geeloag branch of the Melbourne Diocesan Society, the objects of whichl I may say generally are to pro mote union amongst the members of the Clhuch of England, and to call forth their united exert ionas to nmeet the rising wants of the Colon.• The object of thisoclety is not to procure certain monies: money is needful to carry out certain operations, but I have ever looked to our society as a great means to try the blessing of God not merely to induce persons to give to particular objects, and to raise mosies for the necessities of the Church, but as a means of uniting together the members of this Church in mutual cooper ation and affection. I know siothing that brads 's together so much as love to another, and co operationl with each other to carry out any pnr pose connected with thie glory of God through lis Son Jesus Christ.. I lhrve felt it in Eniland, and Lhave felt it still stronger on arrivinglhere. I observed in Englanl withs great pain, the want of a mediun to unite Churlcmen one wvithl ano ther; ansid ever since my arrival here, it has been one of the great objects of my exertions to unite together all classes, ansd make them feel that they are one bodi, and the head Christ our Lord. I have lookedl to this society as almeans to accom plish an end, lwhich I believe it has attained in some degree. It has not been so successful as I could have wishled. We have not yet roached the mass of tihe people in Mellhourne; and from the list of snbscrptioun sent to us, and from the meeting to night I many think that we have not succeeded much more in Geolong. Still if we go about it, wvith a good ardour we shall be enabled to do more. Tiere is in connexion with this society another establishled in Meclbourne called the Church of England Young Men's Association, which lhas established meectinglls every month, at which different s?bjects of interest are broaght forwrard, and other addresses delivered, subjects discussed, or matters of interesting inifonnatiou communicated. Several interestin, meetings have been held; and there is alroeadan increase to the members of the society; and I think that a similar institution might be advantageously introduced in Geelong. I do sincerely and ear nestly hope that we shall be ableo.to combine to gether all the members of the Chluroh-snot only one particular class of society but all classes which is a bond tlhat is especially' wanting in our Church of England. It Is very diflcult to know how to accomplish it, but if we have the mind to set abount it,-if we bear it in our thoughlts,-if we adopt measures that seem to us meet and suitable.-modifyiing them to meet circumstances, I cannot but believe that we shall succeed; and my earnest dlesire is that all true members of the C[iureh of England as a matter of course, shoald become members of the Diocesan Society, so that its members should not be confined to a few huin dreds but extend to many thousands, and thus esnlarge the benefits of the society to all parts of the colony. This to a certain extent we have slone already. We have neverrofuised any claim brought before us in Mellbourneo within the objects of the Society, as yon will find by referring to the Report of the last year's proceedings of our Society. We have made grants not only to schools in tire immediate neilghbour hood but also in various parts of the country, and sums of money are voted tothat amosnt to betwieen two and three hundred poulnds, larger sums than we have now in hand, and anticipating a large portion of the curreut years income. I intended to mention to your committee, but it escaped my memory at tlhe time, but I would suggest it now to you and the comnpany, that you will appoint this evensing, whether it would not be desirable to extend the operations of the sooietv, and to make grante for the erection of churches, schools, parsonago house, &o;, and I would make a suggestion slhethes they should not make a point to remit a portion of the subscriptions to the society in Melbourne. Of coarse yon are at liberty to expend it in the locality, hut Geolong shoes niot at present make grants to otherparts, iwhich the society in Melboursne does, as for in stance to Delfast nid BUallan, and it remits to all parts of thle eonntrr. You should take part in thlese missiosnis, ais not confine your exertions to your oswn town, although it is highly gratifying to sec the progress you are mal:ir.g here, one ehohol roon nlreadv finished, an addition to your church in progress and considerable ad vanceed, and it wnas my happiness to have been permitted to lay the first stone of another church and school room. I am glad that.you are doing a great deal for your own town, and I ask you to extend your interests, vour eflcetionls, your regards, to all parts of this country, and not to limit it even there, but to extend it to the world at large, and take part in thle missions of the church. As our feelings are called forth, in tho same proportion do we experience the happi ness and the blessilqgs of God's spirit, we grow in the gra'o of,aild secure the favor and protec tion of the Lamb of God. In watering others we are ourselves watered, and this is true, not only in a temporal but in a spiritual sense, and I do believe that if God pours out on you this mis sionary spirit, you will find that his blessing will accompany yon,- that he will make you to grow in grace, and make your work to prosper, and you will be blessed here and hereafter. I will now call on the Secretary, Mr Faircloth, to read the report. Report of the Committee of the Geelong Branch of the Melbourne Diocesan Society, for the year ending 31st December, 1850. In presenting to the subscribers and donors to this Society their Second Annual Report, your Committe fe'el boiund at the onset to express their sincere regret that they have failed in exciting the sympathy of their follow Clmrchmen in this work and labour of love to the extent they could desire; and that the number of contributors is comparatively few, being for the most part con fined to the inhabitants of the town, or its imme diate neigolhborhood. Your Committee, however, notwithstanding the many difficulties which they have had to en counter, would with all humility and reverence return thanks to the Giver of all good for putting it into the hearts of only a few members of our Cihurch, whereby they have been enabled to assist their brethren; and have much pleasure in re corditig what has, through the Divine blessing, been done during the past year. In addition to St. John's School- house, at Ashbv, a residence lihas been nconpleted for the schoolmaster; but your Committee regret to state that a debt of £29 remains unpaid. The school is well attended, there being an average attendance of forty-three at the day Fchool, and twenty-nine at the-Sunday School. Government aid has been received since January last on account of this school. Divine service is performed every Sunday morn ing and aftecnoon, to an attentive and increasing congregation. The Wednesday evening lecture has been dis continued in consequence of the removal from this district by the Lord Bishop of the. Rev. W. Merry, which, your Committee regret to say, his Lordship felt compelled to do in consequence of the subscriptions towards his support having amounted to only £30 during the year, of which sum £25 was aontributed by a lady, now about to sail from England. A grant has been given by this Society to as sist in the establishment of Sunday and day schools at South Geelong and Newtown, which have been principalty supported thereby,, and where there is an average attendance at the Sun day school of twenty-five, and atltho day school of thirty children, at each place. " The school at the Barrabool-hills continues to flourish, there being an average attendance of thirty children. Divine Service is performed by Mr. Croxton, who is duly licensed as a lay'reader by the Bishop ; and an ordained clergymnn visits once a quarter, to administer the sacrament of bap tism and the Lord's Supper. Government aid is received for this school. The Waiurn Clain of Ponds School, also con tinues in operation, with an average attendance of fifteen children. Service is also performed here, as at the Barrabool-hills. No Government aid is received for this school. A school house has been built at Bates's-ford, on ground granted by the liberality of the Messrs Hope, but it is to be lamented that a suitable teacher has not yet been found. A grant has also been given to the trustees of Point Henry Church and school, which through the mercy of God continues to prosper. Some farmers residing near the Breakwater, lhaving without assistance from any one, built for themselves a small schoolhouse ; and a very re spoctable young man, Ihaving been appointed as toaclcer, a grant was also made by this Society in aid of their efforts, of which the trifling sui of only £2, has been given towards fitting up the room and tihe support of the master, the re mainder is reserved for future wants, or to meet further efforts. Ground having been given by the Government in the village of Highton, and a school mistress appointed, a school-room has been opened there in the out office of a lady, who has not only lent the building, but has kindly exerted herself to promote the ellicieney of the school. Your Society has consented to award a grant of £10, to J. Higlhett, Esq., towards the erection of a schoool-house to be met by subscription on tihe spot, of at least equal amount. ,The sum. of £20 has been given by this Society, towards defiaying tihe expense of tihe keep of a horse, given hv the Bishop of Mel bourne, for the use of the Archdeaconry of Gee long which is employed in a kind; of nilssionary work, visiting the following places, viz.: Bollerino Hills Shortland's Bluff Point Henry Lawrence Park - Tulchan Lodge (beyond Fyan's Ford) Wurmheto The Barwon An occasional service is held at thie Breakwater where an increasing population is growing up. Tieo sum of £20 lihas also been expended by this society towards the support of a lay visitor for Geelong and its noighbourhood, and much good has, it is confidently shocd, with the bless ing of God, been effected by such an appointment; but your Committee regret to say that unless tice contributions from tlhe members and friends of the church generally are more liberally extended to the society, this, and many other most impor-. tant auxiliaries to our church must be aban. doned. Your Committee have also awarded sundry small contributions for general purposes. Such as binding tracts and books for distribution amongst the poorer classes, purchasing collect ing cards and boxes, all of which it is earnestly hoped, will tend much to bring into notice thlo objects of the society, and excite the sympathies of all members of the church. * -It is with much pain, that your Committee have to record the loss by death, of a most useful member of the church, in the person of hMr. Thos. Bniley; Schoolmaster at Point Henry, whose exertions on behalf of that school, and in terest in tihe spiritual welfare of the children and others in that neighbonrhood will be severely felt. Your Committee have to report that by the help of God tlhe Lord Bishop had the pleasing task of laying the foundation of a second oliurcl in Geolong, on Monday, the 2ndDecember last, to be called "St. Piuil's Church ;" and also, on the same day, the foundation stone of a schloolihonse in Frederic-street, New Town, to be called " St. James," both of which undertakings are pro gressing, and will, your Committee trust, through the Divine blessing, be both speedily brought to a condlusion. A school is also about to be opened in a newly formed village in the parish of Moodewarra, where one of the farmers has given an aero of his best land ; and tihe others have subscribed to build a schoolhouse, and to support the school master. Your committee express a hope that the con-" tributora to the society will join with them in roetrnina thanks to Almighty God, for being enabled to record oven the small amount of good which they earnestly pray, lihas been accom plished during the past year. That it would be hut matter of small regret to them that so little had been done, were it not that they were pain filly alive to thio daily manifostatinig wants of this rapidly increasing community, and' that they have been in too many cases compelled. to close their doors of usefulness and support to the numerons applications which have been made to them, in consequence of the small amount of money contributed by the public for their disposal. . In conclusion, vour committee would again urgenlly appealt to tile liberality of Churchmen of all classes lhigh and low, elsh and poor, that each and every one would stimulate his nei'h bour to give ccoriling to his means, restoring back to God a portion of that which He has in His goodness so liberally given us, that we may the better be enabled to render assistance to our neighbours, who still continune without the means ofgrace,rememberingtihat we are living in comparatively a happy state, having theobles sinolgs and piriviloets of the Church brought.to our own doors' whilo so many of our brethren are considerably beyond the reach of them, and also remembering that " It is more blessed to give than to receive." Dr Shaw moved the first resolution, "That this meeting adopts the report now read, and humbly desires to return thanks to Almighty God, ~fr the progress made during the secoild yesrss operation of the society." The report was so general, and entered so deely Jinto the details of the society tlhat there was but little left for him to sav. iHe regretted that the ftinds were so small, as he felt assnred if they had larger sums at their disposal, it would have enabled them to advance the cause of christianity. He couhl not help reflecting upon the state in which hlie first fonund the pro vinee, and comparing it with its present position -then there were no farms, no population in the interior-now there were alters erected to the living God, and schools for the education of the people. He agreed that Geelong had done mucOh iand muighlt do still more-but there were many claims upon her, many charitable institu tions to support. There were many who re gretted that they could do no more on acecount of the daily claims of the district, and the con stant demand oi their purses, besides the claims of their families, which musst demand their first attention, but lie trusted that next year they would not have to report oni the deficiency ii their funds. The Rev. E. Collins perfectly agreed with Dr Shaw. His Lordship must be aware of the con tinual claims upon thlem. Every conceivable distress came to them take whatever shape it would. HIe thought tlhat the gentlemen in the bush ought to come forward, it was their duty, lhe saw Mr E. Willis present, and hlie would repeat that it hias their duty to subscibe, and members of the society ought.to dun them for money, and he was sure that no gentleman squatter would refuse five or ten pounds, if the subject was broughlt properly before him. At present they did not know what the object of the society was, and if it was explained to them that it was a society to do good to thIe souls of their fellow creatures, they would not fil to support it. Mr. Buckland, in proposing the second resolu tion, observed that after what lhad fillen from the lips of the previons speakers, hlie lhad very little to say on the subject; but hlie would suggest the proprieoty of calling iuponi the great bony of the peoslo to support the objects of the society, by entering into a penny subscription. It was much easier to raise a peolny than a pound. If 5000 pennies were obtained per month, that would be £1000 per annum. A similar suggestion was noted upon in Sydney, and succeedEl; and he lhad no doubt that the same results scould follow. here. lie had great pleasure in proposing the reasolution. "That this meeting having heard from the report,tlie great want of assistance ren dered by the macibers ol the Clhurch, pledges it self to increased exertions in the endeavour to procure additional subscriptions and contribu tions." Mr. Reid was called upon to second the resolu tion. He said that his name had only been used to supply the place of3 r. Wathon's, wrlo was ab sent at the time, but as that gentleman iwas now present he begged to be excused. His Lordshlip called upon Mr. Wathen, but that entlemian excused himself by assuring his Lord hip that he wal so unprepared that he could say iothinju. Mr. %eid seconded the resolution. Mr Carr proposed the third resolition--ho said that he lhad listened with great interest to the report-it wolul have bees better, if instead oftheir being a balance in the hands of the treasurer, all the money had been spent, they then might have urged with more force the ne cessity of enlarging their subscriptions. As a member of the Church of England, he had felt for years the want of some union to connect the members of the Church together, for hlie con sidered it a most important matter that the Church should be united. When so many changes were going on, it was necessary the Church should know the principles upon which it stood and boldly maintaiin those principles -frequently he had heard the most evil fore bodings as to the fulturo standing of the Churcli -he compared them to those sudden squalls lwhibch occasionally disturb the smooth surfice of the sea, the mariner can calculate his danger he sees the clouds come-they gathered over his head, but prepared ioforo hanid the storm wrecks its fury in vain-all is past-the sky clears, and the gallant ship once more is seen riding on the waters as smoothly as before, and so. the Church of God had braved the greatest danger, and still remained firm and uninsured,annd why? because the Spirit of God had bleen with them, and so long as she held the truth in itsiitegrity she would have the means of evangelisiig the world. When parties talked to him of the dif ferences which existed in the Churoh of Eugland, he said "What differences !" Sometimes lhe re joined, "Look at your oiwn Ch'urch." He kneos that differences must exist, but these differences weroeall oni minor points, for there was a unani mity of faith on great and fundamental points; he considered it of the greatest importeance at the present time, when aill would have a voice in the Government of the conntry to diffuse sound and scriptural education. There was no fear of men alusilng their duties as citizens who had been so educated in youth. He wished to impress upon all the importance of joining the socitey, and thereby to set their faces ainust every sys tem of education, unless founded on the Scriptmres. In conclusion, Mr. Curr hoped that his Lordship would preside at their next anni versary, he had great pleasure in proposing the resolution :-" That the following rentlemen be requested to act as a Commiteee for the en suing year, viz.:--uossrs. J. Atkins, Buckland, Champion, Carr, Gibbs, Higluett, Bill, Mercer, Nantes, Raven, Reed, Roadknight, Shaw, Sladen, Steiglitz, Thorneme, Vicary, Watlien. Mr. E. Willis, in seconding the resolution, ob served that he came to the meeting of the Dio cesan Society as an officer of that society, and he was not so well prepared as lie would ihave been, or should hlavo liked i but he had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. HIis friend, the Rev. Mr. Collins, had particularly alluded to him as one lwho ought-to exert himself more than auothler; and perhaps as Treasnrer he ought to do so, and he bode'el to say that he had used every exertion, anm there swas hardly a person that came to his house but he solicited their sun port. Heo would advise that something should be issued bearing the impress of authority, to be shioh n to those applied to: it was desirable that some such form sliould be brought forward. He regretted the state of the funds. The last timo the accounts were audited they were £19 in debt, which deficiency luckily was made up even. tually by parties coming forward and payinSg upn their annual subscriptions. HIo felt convinced that the object of the society was niot yet known through the district; and he called on.those pro sent who were connected with the interior to promulgato its nature to the best of their endoa yours. The poorer classes, so called, althoush in many cases they were the richer, ouglmt to be appealed to for their support, n a great deal of the money expendled by the So ciety was for the education of their offspring; and vet itwas diflicult to get a sixpenco from them. But there were a few bright exceptions. The school at Point Henry, for instance, where the humbler classes, assisted by a few of the wealthier, had ereoted a school-house. At the Waurn Ponds, too, they had exerted thlemselves and built aschoolhlouso. - But these were excepltions -solitary cases standilng oit in strong relief. lie would again repeat that some system of col lection shbould be devised to collect from the lower as well as front tile richer classes of the commnulitvy-as well as to diffuse in the interior tile objects that thie Society sought to naccom plush. Mr. J. S. Ilill rose to propose thIe fourthl reso lution, hlie observed that hle felt less difliculty in doing so, because the subject of it would meet with the wanrmest approbatioi of all present, he was precluded from saying what the feelings of his breast would promipt him to say, because of the presence of his Lordship. Tihe resolution hlie had the plcasure to propose was,-" That the th'inks of tile meeting be given to the Lord Bishop, for having so kindly consented to pro side on the occasion." The Venerable Archlldencon on rising to second the resolution, said, that if he were to speasc as his feelings would urge him to do, it would be painful to his Lordship, and lhe therefore should say no more on that subject. He would state his' thankfulness, and tllst of the whole corm munity, at the presence of.the Bishop among them; the oflice of Bishop was one of very high dirunity; tile speaker explained to the mneetintg his views respecting the oftieo of Biishop and the dignity appertaining thereto; ihe said in speaking of the church that it was the Church of God; that its members were worshippers of the living God and not the followers of a dead man ; that thvey were ill the nineteenthl century as near to the F'ountain Heniad ias they were ill the first; that Christ was as near to them now as lie was to the disciples; they were under the same Spirit's influence, they had no new doctrine, what they ihad was the living power of the IHoly Ghost to make the Church a living, movmng body of living men-and they had much cause, for thankfulness in tracing arouud them the progress they had under tlhe divine blessing made; for if they did not see all' classes joitningtogethelr in the work,they saw on every hand .symptomns df spiritual awakening. Thie venerable Archldeacon next alluded to two places, where schools had been erected without any assistanuee from the society, but entirely by the people of the localities. One place he lhad passed through a few months before, mnd scarcely a habitation was to be seen, and hlie was munceh surprised on recelvintg an invitation to send a teacher there and they wrould undertake to support him. In tlle other place on enquiry, he was much gratified, and hlie had no doubt the same would be gratifying to Mr Willis, to find that many of the settlers living there lhad formerly resided on the Barrabool Hills, and having had facilities for the education of their fanmilies in that locality, their first object in settlin_ down in their new home was to obtain for tem in struction, this showed that there was a desire for scriptural education, we go forward to a willin_ people. The grand question for the well being of the colony' would soon lhave to be decided that question was, "shall we have the Bible as the foundation of education or shall we pit it from ns ?' It is the fashion of the day to say that parents can give to their children all thle religious instruction they require at home, but when a child leaves the school anid brings hlomeo his task, hlie wants to play, and can they give them thlen the religious education they require, as a parent he would emphatically say ' No.' The Bible must be made the fundamental part of the education of a child; if we teach any form of knowledge let it be the knowledge of God; our grand stand must be that our children must be educated for God. In. tile market the name of God is respected, anmid in the court an appeal is made to God, wmhn an enquiry is being made into truth, and so in our gaols His name is held in some degree of reverence, and shall it be' in our schools that God shall not be named, or if so named in thle spirit which dictated the lines "Father of all in every age And e?'ey clime ador'd By saint, by savage, and by sage Jehlovahl, Jove, or Lord." "No my Lord," said the arohdeacon in conclusion, "if we value the well being of our children, we must maintain that education in serilptre, and by scripture be the basis of the kniowledge im parted in our schools." \- His Lordship in reply observed thalt although in general they could manage their, nfl'afirs.with out him, yet hlie was ever at their service if cir cumstances permitted him. He would make a point of being with them at any timoif summon- ed by their secretary. IIe had listened to tile relort with great interest, and to the addresses which had been.made to them. Somne of the speakers. Ind ditvelt inaturally on the amount .received, .nnd on thie means of increasing the yearly contributions. The subscriptions here iand in Helbourno bit especially here were limited to a small number. The persons whose names were there, were probably subscribers also, and perhaps tie only subscribers to the various local objects that are from timne to time undertaken. He would therefore venture to express his opinion, his perfect concurrence from what had fallen from several of the speakers, and from their treasurer among the rest, who had spoken of the necessity of getting contributions from a larger number of persons, and lhe could well uinderstand why wealthy people would not subscribe a few shill legs, foi i none will give to an object which they do not perfectly understand the working of. The first object should be to interest, and then contributions would follow, but they must not relax their endeavors, but endeavour to promote the groowth of a true system of relingion? lamong tile people. .- He looked forward with pleasure to the enlargement of the present Church, and the erection of a second one; and he was surprised, thankfully surprised, to see the large amount contributed to that object, so largo that he thought there must be somemitsakeo . He bo lieved the amount was nearly £700, and he thought for some time that it must be derived from peow rents.' It was indeed a large sum to contribute to ondparticular local object, the con tributors to which must have done to the extent of their means. With God's blessingho looked for the establishment of schools in varions parts. His lordship after adverting to the difficulty of collecting small subscriptions, as advised by one of the speakers, continued-lHe would make a few remarks- on education. I-ie had spoken strongly aganinst that system which proposed to separate religious from secular instruction. It had given him much pain to observe in the re port of a "debate," that his opinion hadbeen quoted in favour of the national system of educa tion-tlhat reference to him was altogether un founded, his opinion was in favour of national education, but his opinion wis expressed in one of the terms of the resolution conio to. "That we did not feel ourselves justified in being connected with any system of education in which religious instruction shohld be imperfect, neglected or put aside, but when they could not estri~blishl schools of their own, -then ithe clergy should do all in their power 'to remnedy the defects in those schools." He would do all in his power to ob struct a national system of education, which he believed would be injurious if not destructive of onr national character, and hlie looked to Port Phlillip to resist thIe progress of that system. He did not think a single school on the national sys tom rwould have been established had it not been for tihe influenceof Sydney, butthe few established were not all likely to prosper, and he doubted if the system would be mauintined where it had been established. There was one circumstance that gave him much pain and surprise, which was to find that at Sydney they were establish ing national schools contrary to the expres opnion ofthe DBahop and all tlheelergv of tile uig lish Church, and not only contrary to them but to the clergy of the Presbyterian and Catholic Churches anl Cathnolin Bishop, establshinsg it in fact contrary to what may be ealled at bcst the great leading branches of the Church of Christ. Those national schools were established through the infinence of members of the Church of Eng land, whio plced themselves in opposition to those whom Ged had placed to minister amonig them. It was an instanceof a great want of earnestness, and he hoped that they should be slpared their establishment. He would dismiss the subject, as it would occupy too mr ch time to discuss it fully, and briefly re for to thie constitution of this province which was an independent one. It was an act of God's providen~ that i he hald appointed him to a post swhere themr was such a small population a"nd few clergy, and sehe?e was et this time a most favorable prospect, with CGod's blessing, to establish the Church--not as a notionlal one, not by legal enctment: (lie swolll not .ccelpt that even if ofifred;) but t church estabhishedl in the affections of the great nmass of the people; to attain wlhicl heli trusted they should labour writl heacrt andt mind to exeimpili'v their character as true churchmen, and provide tihe ordinances of the gospel, and to impress its truths upon those who neglect or despise them. With regard to the present standing of tlhe Church, hlie did not entertain anly fears respecting it. They had heard of the painfil strife going oni in England: ho couldbut lanment it, but he fully believed her to be Apostolic in doctrine and in constitu. tion, and hlie had nio fear with renrd to the result, but looked forward with confident lhope to see the glorious gospel of Christ moore widely dillisoed throu-hout the world. With regard to diversity of ol'inion held by members, lie rwouold adduce it as the strongest argument in her Ifavour, for where there is the exercise of private juti~ ent, as there ought to be in every elhurr not proudly, inot arrogantly; there miust be a differ. once of opinion, and tile olbject of tile Church Articles was to prevelt thoso diversities from extending to the findamenital lIoiUts and to esao. blish an agreement. amon.cislt us. There were some diflurences even in the Apostolical time: during the life of tile A1poslle Paul, there were diffirences on funldamental points, which were settled among tihe ellers, and dlivers differences wrere permitted to exist a.mong thiemn on subordli nate points. His Lordship then pronounced the Apostolio benediction, aend the nmeeting sleparated. 