PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH EXTENSION MEETING, IN CONNEXION WITH TUE ESTABLISHED CHURCH OF SCOTLAND. A GENERAL meeting of persons interested in the establishment of a Society for Church Ex- tension and Mission purposes, confined to the colony, and under the Synod of Australia con- nected with the Established Church of Scot- land, was held in St. Andrew's Scots Church, Sydney, on Thursday, evening, the 12th instant, when the Very Reverend II. li. Gilcluist, of Campbelltown, the Moderator of tho Svnod, «as requested to take the chair. The Hun- dredth Psalm having been sung, and prayer offered up by the Reverend Robert Stewart, the CHAIRMAN opened the proceedings with the following remarks, which were very atten- tively listened to by the meeting. My Christian Brethren and Friends,-You arc all aware of tho object of our present meeting. It is in connexion with an important scheme of our Church, by which those of its members who are dispersed over the interior of this co- lony may be supplied with religious ordi- nances, of which they are now destitute. To advance this scheme, a vigorous and united effort on the part of the members and friends of the Church becomes necessary; and in euch an effort, I am persuaded that you will feel it alike your duty and your privilege to co-operate. When you reflect upon the religious advantages you enjoy in this highly-favoured city, in which you have churches, at a convenient distance from your dwellings, to which you can weekly repair, in which you have pastors to dispense to you the Word of life, to sympathise with you in your joys, and to solace you in those seasons of adversity and bereavement, when your homes are desolate, and your hearts aro made sad; and where you have schools, provided at little or no expense to yourselves; for the edu- cation of your children ; when you reflect on this state of things, and contrast it wi-h the spiritual destitution that exists in other locali- ties, I know of no way by which you can so well show your appreciation of the Divine blessings which you have received, or so suitably express your gratitude to the Giver of all good, as by opening your hands liberally for the relief of your Christian brethren who are placed in a less favourable situation. Love to God and love to the brethren are so inti- mately associated, that the existence or defi- ciency of the one, implies the existence or absence of the other. Is it not written? "Whoso hath this world's goods, and seeth his brother have need"-need with regard to things spiritual, as well as with regard to things temporal-" Whoso seeth his brother have need and shuttcth up his bowels of com- passion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him?" And, " if a man love not his brother, whom ho hath seen, how shall he love God whom ho hath not seen ?" There I is something moro required of us as Christians than the mere expression of kind wishes and fair words: kind deeds are also required, and are insisted on as a necessary proof of attach- ment to Him, who upon earth, went about doing good, and who is the Head over all things to his Church. In the position I have the honour to occupy, I feel that I should be only detaining you, and be trespassing on the pro- vince of the gentlemen who arc to address us, Were I to make any lengthened observations. I trust, however, that the proceedings of this evening will do much to Btrengthen our hands, and encourage our hearts, and to advance the good cause in which we are engaged. I am san- guine in the hope that the voices which are here to be uplifted will not be confined within these walls, but will bo re-echoed throughout the length and breadth of the land, conveying to our destitute brethren the sense of deep Bympathy wo entertain for them, and arousing the whole body of our Christian people to emulate the example that shall here be given them. I now call upon the Rev. Dr. McGarvie to propose the first resolution. Dr. McGarvie presumed that it was through the kindness of his brethren, on account of his own long residence in the colony, that he had been solicited to move the first resolution in the list of important motions to be put to the meeting during the course of the evening. Whpn all the brethren present, both lay and clerical, were animated with the same cordial feeling, he could not suppose that he sur- passed any of them in any other circumstance. In ^ the earnest des're to see established a society whose object was to extend, should be to convey the blessings of religion to Presby- terians in any part of the colony, but chiefly »a destitute localities in the interior, he could be surpassed by no one. From the moment of his arrival he had lived in the hope that Presbyterians would make some strong and judicious efforts to plant their principles in the colony; and that the Established Church of Scotland would sooner or later be called upon to engage in and co-operate with so praise- worthy an object. He regretted that the time had been so long delayed, but trusted it was not too late. Circumstances had for a time thrown a cloud over the best exertions of the most devoted sons of the Church ; but it was pleasing to think that this had passed away. He had no objection that other denominations Baould keep their own orbit, but he trusted that none would interfere with them when they confined themselves to what was the sphère of their bounden duty to the numerous adherents of their beloved Zion in this land. Ho would now read the first resolution : - That Hie necessity c f supplying additional means of (W<*, by the dispensation of difine ordinance« In «uiUnt and destitute localities In this colony, to Pre«. *Jterl«n« connected «ltd tho Clmrch nf Scotland, nnd «wulllliijlo embrace the iidrMitngcs of H settled ffllnlitrj, hiving be-n generally acknowledged, and Uu» meeting «ympithizing w-tli #uch person«, is of opinion ihit it will he iitfnded with gre«t public and Pnnte benefit to form, under the Synod of Austral», «oclety having for its object«, by the union of tile ««hjterian interest, the establishment of Churches ?M tempurary places of worship in the Inf-tlor, »nd T »Ppointment of fixed awl itinerating ministers, watreby, under the blessing of the iuoit High, and the outpouring of hi« grace on the hearts o< the people, many peraons may be preserved in the faith of their fathers-many turned from evil courses, and trained to habits of «irtue and religion. Dr. M'Garvie observed, the peculiar posi- tion of the settler in this colony renders it nearly impossible that he, or his family, can enjoy the blessings of the stated worship which the residents in towns weekly possess in the mother country ; where, at short distances, churches and schools are met with along every road in the three kingdoms. Standing on one of the hills of our native land, one may descry a score of these, the most distant being little more distant than a short day's journey. But in this colony, after travelling twelve or twenty miles, and reaching the station of some indus- trious settler, with a fine family, and numerous domestics, all engaged as the patriarchs of old in pastoral pursuits, you may pass on another dozen or twenty miles before you meet a second family. Now when many families are required to form a congregation, the impossibility of collecting the members of such families toge- ther, away from their flocks and herds, and servants, is apparent; nnd the circumstance has been often and deeply deplored. Presby- terians, above most persons, feel this depriva- tion keenly ; and although they carry with them the Bible, and the Confession of Faith, yet they are not ' satisfied without the living voice of the preacher of good tidings. Dr. M'Garvie stated, to read the letters from time to time on the subject would occupy the meeting till midnight, and the statements which any stranger to the case might make were infinitely short of those which the most respectable set- tlers constantly made when spoken with on the subject. It might he said, why do they not help themselves ? This was their duty, no doubt, but it was beyond their power; and sensible of this, it had long been thought advisable to form a Society, having for its object to remove or alleviate the wants of settlers, in remote localities, by means of itine- rating ministers, who should occasionally visit the localities chiefly requiring such aid. It might be said, why had not the Synod done this ?-why was not a stir made upon the subject ? In reply, the Synod had done so, as far as her means admitted ; and had done much good ; -but the difficulty was now growing daily more embarrassing. Respectable per- sons would not object to receive the ministra- tions of clergymen of other denominations, in tho absence of their own ; and with the most devoted attachment to the Church of their father*, they would not allow their children to be bom, to be mnrried, to bo buried, or to be instructed, without the supervision of a Chris- tian minister. Many others, departing from the good paths of their fathers, would, per- haps, think it no hardship not to see a clergy- man, if his presence put them in mind of that, which the strict usages of society in Christian Scotland would have compelled them to re- spect. We, as clergymen, may not be afraid that we shall lose our paternal hold upon these persons ; for at death they find us out. But the same remark cannot be made of the children of pious parents to whom the forms of our faith may not be familiar in infancy. One generation will change the profession-the Pro- testantprofession of a family -fromone denomi- nation to another imperceptibly, and too much has our Church suffered under this circum- stance. It is therefore the duty of the mem- bers of the Church of Scotland to use their best exertions to stem this downward course and declension of families from the faith of their fathers, leading to the final extinction of their | most cherished privileges- most- honourable i distinctions-and most pious and Christian graces. Far be it from us to find fault with those who see fit on conviction to change their profession, to deny what they believed, and to try to overturn what their fathers built up with the cement of their sufferings and blood-to whose noble efforts, in the mountains and valleys of Scotland, Britain owes her dearest liberties, which may yet be surreptitiously taken from her by insidious enemies and disunion of virtual friends. Let us, then, do what we can, and trust the cause to God, who works by weak instruments, but finishes with irresistible im- pulses of his own divine power. He would consider it a good omen that on the day on which the Governor was sworn in as Governor General of the Australian Colonies, when a new system would direct them to prosperity and righteousness, that the well-wishers to the spiritual happiness of the colonists had now met together to lay the foundation of an insti tuion which, he trusted, would prove lasting, and beneficial for time and eternity. The motion was seconded by Mr. R. CLARK, and carried unanimously, as also were the suc- ceeding Resolutions. Tlie Rev. Dr. FULLERTON moved the second Resolution. That the Society now to ha formed he named the Presbyterian Church Extension and Mission Society th»t its operation* be confined In the first tnstanco to Australia-that the Moderator of the Synod of Austra- lia he President Ei.ofltelo-that it consist of n con. Tener, secretary, treasurer, and committee of fifteen members, who alni II conduct the general business that ordiniry meetings be held monthly-and that n general annual meeting be held ill January during the sitting of Synod-that in ordinary meetings fire be a quorum-nnd that the offiee.be iron be elected an- nually at the general meeting, when an abstract of re- ceipts and dlsbursem-nia shall be madi-, and published for general information, if neccessiry. Dr. Fullerton remarked, that the forma- tion of a society may seem unnecessary. Many consider that all religious objects should bo accomplished by the Church itself, and ad- mitted that the organisation of our system of church government te scriptural and complete, being admirably adapted not only to sustain the ordinances of religion in Christian coun- tries, but to extend the Gospel to heathen lands. According to it, the preaching of the Gospel and the instruction of the people are committed to the pastors nnd elders, and the entire temporal affairs are managed by the deacons of the church. If there were ministers and deacons in every district of the colony, there would therefore be no necessity for any other society for religious purposes. But there are many localities destitute of religious ordi- nances, and there aro many Presbyterians re- siding in such localities, who may bo induced through th* instrumentality of a society to co- operate with us for the purpose of extending the ministration of our Church to every part of this territory in which Presbyterians reside. Tho great thing, however, to be accomplished is to extend the preaching of the Gospel to every destitute district ; and if this be done, it is of little importance whether the funds be raised by a society or a deacon's court. The necessity of a central or general fund has been long acknowledged. We have for years past had pressing calls for ministers from the north, the south, and the west of the colony ; but ministers cannot be procured without money, to defray the expanse of their passage, and to support them after their arrival. We had an opportunity about two years since of obtain- ing the permanent services of an efficient and fuithfulminister. He was very anxious to remain in the colony ; but we had no fund out of which he could be supported. Some may sup- pose that faithful ministers should proceed to the colonies without having any provision made for their temporal wants. To do this, however, would, in many cases, be to tempt Providence. A faithful minister should de- vote his whole time and attention to spiritual duties ; but that he cannot do if he be com- pelled to provide for himself and his family by engaging in some secular employment. The Gospel should bo preached wherever there are people, and in new countries, the population is so scattered that the residents in each district cannot reasonably he expected to support a minister. It is the duty, therefore, of all the members of the Church to contribute that there may be a general fund sufficient to support itinerating ministers, and assist in erecting Churches in populous district1?. This | fund may be easily raised. If each adult member of our communion would give five shillings a quarter, or one pound a year, the rich contributing as God has blessed them, it would produce a fund quite large enough to enable us to extend the ministrations of reli- gion to all the Presbyterians of the colony. The present destitution of the interior is pro- ductive of the worst consequences. Many families which were at one time regular mem- bers of my Church, have removed to parts of the colony destitute of religious ordinances, and in some instances when they returned to Sydney, they had been so accustomed tg Sab- bath desecration and neglect of publie worship that thev appeared in a great measure to have lost sight of their duty. Let us; therefore, enr deavour to remove this destitution, and make one united and strenuous effort to send the living voice of tho preacher throughout the length arid breadth of the colony. Mr. THOMAS Sur.PiixiiD had much pleasure in seconding this resolution. His own experience in various parts of the interior, confirmed the statements which had been made that evening. He had travelled above eight hundred miles in one direction, and had found the greatest destitution in every thing like stated ordinances of religion, and a great desire of many respectable persons in remote stations to enjoy its blessings. Any society of the kind proposed was calculated to do much good ; and the principle upon which this society set out, that in the first instance it should be confined to Australia, would find a ready reception with all the well-wishers of this highly favoured country. Dr. MACKELL.vRproposedthctliirdrcsolution, viz, - That the abject« of the Presbyterian Church Exten- sion and Mission Society ho threefold.-I. To procure fun Is by subscription, donation, collection, bequest, ?tai other contributions. 2. To bring out clergymen from the mother country, at suitable times, and in ade- quate numbers. 3. To diffuse arnon« the members of the Church in the mother country, correct views of the position of the members of the Church of Scotland in the colony, and to solicit a more constant attention to the spiritual want* ot her children in this most important portion of the empire, founding such repreaention ns mny be made upon the resolutions of tho General Assembly, passed in the years 1848 and 1819, promising aid by sending out ministers and funds. Dr. Mackellar observed, that having now read the resolution entrusted to him, the meet- ing would bo in a condition to appreciate the very great importance of the objects to be fulfilled by the contemplated society. The Church of Scotland would be proud to hear that her sons in Australia were about to follow out her own great missionary enter- prises, and he had no doubt that that Church which they all respected would find her in- terest and her honour involved in carrying out the objects of this meeting ns far as in her power. So many clerical gentlemen being present he did not feel it necessary to make any further remarks, which would only pre- vent the meeting from hearing the interest- ing remarks of those better acquainted than he was with the details of the subject. Mr. DANIEL McINNES, Elder, seconded the resolution with much pleasure. The Rev. WILLIAM PURVES, Maitland, moved the fourth resolution : Tint the objects of this religious society being ex- clusively onlonlal nt present, and crabrucing Protestant members of various denominations residing In locali- ties where divine ordinances may, by its agency, te dispensed, contributions ho solicited from the public generally; that the Synod be solicited to direct that half-yearly sermons be preached and collections made in each congregation nn behalt of the society; and th it the members of the Church he specially solicited to use their best exertions to render the Society useful and efficient. Mr. Purvis adverted to the propriety of soliciting pecuniary aid from the public wher- ever there was willingness to respond to such a call, especially as he could testify to the gratifying fact that the members of other denominations, in most instances, had readily availed themselves of his ministrations in the course of his travels in different parts of the colony; and he believed that those of his brethren who had been itinerating could give the same testimony. It was to the regularly organised congregations of the Church, how- ever, that a society must mainly look for such support ; and when it was bomb in mind that not the least un-quivocal proof of the genuine- ness of the religious professions of a people j was shown in the interest they felt in the I spiritual condition of the community to which 1 they belonged, as well as of the world at large, he hesitated not to exprès j his conviction that congregations would not be appealed to in vain by their pastors on this subject when the claims of the society should be formally brought under their notice. It is to the blcss ' ing of God that wo chiefly look for the 1 successful issue of all our efforts in the cause of our Saviour ; but means must be employed,, and in the present state of things, it can hardly \ be expected, that means to any extent, and of , any efficiency, can be commanded without a j considerable expenditure of money. As it had been mentioned by Dr. ftl'Garvie, that ho had made a tour throughout a portion of the interior ; for the purpose of ministering to the scattered population resident in those parts, he would add his testimony to all that Dr. M'Garvie had said on the spiritual destitution which prevailed in the districts he had visited. His own visit was only the'third which had been paid to our people in New England, by an ordained minister of the Church of Scot- land, since the period that they first settled in the locality ; and as a proof of the straits to which they had boen reduced, ho had to mention, that a respectable Scotchman told him that after waiting till he could wait no longer for a visit from some one of our ministers, he was com- pelled to solicit n Roman Catholic priest to administer the holy ordinance of bap- tism to his two little ones. This opened up a state of things which ought not to exist. He had travelled nearly 800 miles, in new England, and could assure the meeting that the settlers felt their destitute condition, and desired a stated ministry from the Synod; and the due and regular dispensation of divine ordinances among them. It might be said, that a " Macedonian cry" long and loud, was to ho heard. Gratifying as it was to him, to find everywhere so earnest an expression of their desire of religious ordinances, it was still mo:esoto findon almost perfect unanimity, in respect to the quarter to which our people look for aid. The feeling universally ex- pressed was, if we are divided, we must bid adieu to all ordinances and pastoral superin- tendance for many years ; many expressed nn utter horror of religious dissention ; and ns an overwhelming majority of the population are warm in their attachment to the Church of Scotland, whenever meetings were held, the resolution to adhere to our Synod, was alto- gether unanimous. The importance of occupy- ing this, and many similar fields of labour, in the vast interior of the colony, he trusted he need not further urge on the meeting. The loud call addressed to them by their country- men, he was confident would bo cordially re- sponded to. Before concluding he would re- mind them that the colony had arrived at nn important crisis. The discovery made within the last few weeks was about to exert an amazing inlluencp on the destinies of this great country ; a vast influx of people, from the mother country, would take place ; and a ma- chinery ought to bo set in motion to mset the religious wants it would create of the coming thousands, who arc to contri- bute with ourselves to the development of the almost cxhaustless resources of ourland. Wo have the task assigned us of laying the foun- dation of a mighty empire. Let that founda- tion be laid broad and deep in the eternal principles of truth and righteousness, that the superstructure may possess an enduring sta- bility. I Mr. Ricirvni) BROOKS seconded the motion most cordially, lie had been long resident m the colony, in the situation pointed out by the previous speaker, where no sound of the Sab- bath-day bells met his ear. He had enjoyed at home the blessings of a stated ministry, and found on arrival that this, in the interior, could not be longer enjoyed ; and this want was probably the one most keenly felt by im- migrants on arrival, although in many in- stances, they lost sight of it ; when their "fami- lies, however, rose up about them, and when on Sabbath day they remembered that they had accompanied their parents to the House of God, and heard the glad tidings of salvation, they were grieved that they could not bring up their children to the same habits. The So- ciety, thei efore, that should place any person in such a condition to do so, was deserving of publie support, and he was confident would meet with it The Church of Scotland was the honoured parent of many churches, and as branches they were nil useful and efficient. Nothing could surpass the excellence of her standards, nnd it well became her sons to sup- port her cause in the colonies, where her sim- ple forms had met with many difficulties ; but their excellence was now universally admitted Ile hoped the Society wou'd be well supported and would prosper. The Rev. Mr. COUTTS would read the resolu- tion entrusted to him, before he made any re- marks, as he considered it if carried out, one of the most important of the consequences an- ticipated as the result of their present proceed- ings. That in the event of the Established Church of Scotland resolving to extend her mission try operations to the South Sea islands, this sucloty will co- operate with her in carrying out tlio fie ITS of that Churoh, pro. niotluj the conversion of the heathen, and dlSuiiu¿ the blessings of the pure and simple forms of Presbyterian worship among the inhabitants of the dUtant isles of the sea ; and that this society will urge the same upon the attention of the Church of Scotland. It is with no small degree of anxiety nnd with feelings of no ordinary interest, that I now rise to move the resolution which you hnvc done mc the honor to place in my hands. The sub- ject to which it refera is one of the most im- portant and sublime on which the powers and energies of the human mind can be expended It involves all that is great and momentous in time and in eternity, the glory of God : the triumphs of the cro«s, and the destinies of many immortal souls in the eternal world, may be said under God, to depend upon the success of the glorious enterprise in which our Church is now embarked. Mr. Coutts then made some beautiful remarks on the diffusion of the Bible, and then proceeded as follows : if the object which this resolution contem- plates is to send this inestimable treasure of heavenly wisdom to the idolatrous heathen " who are sitting in darkness and under the shadow of death," to raise them from their de- graded position and restore them to their proper rank in the great family of man, to instruct them in their duty, and prepare them for a glorious inheritance, it is impossible to attach too much importance to the cause for which I am about to plead, and solicit your earnest co-operation. I feel confident, my Christian friends, that the subject only re- quires to be explained, and the instrumenta- lity pointed out by which our object may be attained, to draw forth your cordial approba- tion, and ensure your zealous support and co- operation. I feel assured that you will gladly avail yourselves of this opportunity of testify- ing to the world the sincerity of your own Christian prineiples, and your appreciation of the mercy and love of God to yourselves by imparting to the perishing heathen a portion of the bread of life, if it were but a few frag- ments from that overflowing table which the Lord has spread out for yourselves in the wilderness. Having read the resolution, the speaker proceeded ; You perceive, my Christian friends, that the object which this resolution embodies, is to extend the spheric of our Church's labours be- yond the boundaries of this colony to the neighbouring islands in the South Seas, under the auspices of the mother Church in Scot- land ; to evangelize the heathen, and to diffuse the light and the blessings of the gospel among idolators; to add new members to Christ's Church, and raise fresh trophies to his glory. I rejoice, Mr. Chairman, that the colonial Church of Scotland has at length awakened from her lcthnrgy, that the time is come when she has resolved to assume her proper attitude by avowing herself as a zealous mis- sionary Church, and so maintain her proper rank among the institutions of this land. In anticipation of the future, I am willing to bury in eternal oblivion the inglorious strifes and divisions which have too long distracted the councils, marred the fair fame, and paralysed the energies of our beloved Church. I sin- cerely trust the long nicht of obscurity is for ever past, and I hail with greater joy than I can express the dawn of a brighter day. The middle of the 19th century seems destined to mark a new era in the history of Australia ; and, I hope, a new era in our colonial Church. That henceforth, her fields being more abun- dantly watered by the grace of God, she may spread forth her boughs loaded with rich fruit for the healing of the nations. The recent gold discovery will give an accelerated velocity to the development of our vast natural re- sources. New fields of industry will be discovered, civilization and improvement will rapidly advance, and nothing is wanting but the blessing of God to make of us a great nation, whose influence will be felt on the des- tinies of the world. It is the duty of the State to promote the progress of science and civiliza- tion. It is the duty of the Church to watch over the spiritual welfare of the people, and to mature and consolidate their eternal interests. And when I look around me up in the respectable and attentive (I wish I could add) large assembly, who are now met in this house of God, to countenance by their presence, to assist with their counsels and their purses, the ministers of religion in their endeavours to advance the glory of God, and the interests of Christ's kingdom, I have to fear of the result. I know the energies of those men to whose hands those interests are confided, will be found equal to the difficult task, when animated by the countenance and aided by the prayers of the people. I antici- pate difficulty, and am prepared for difficulty in the beginning, until our plans be matured, and our machinery organised; but I cannot doubt of our final success. I feel anxious that each of us, both ministers and people, should play our parts well, and especially that our ' first act should present a fair aspect to the world. I know that the eyes of the whole colony will be upon the Synod of Australia, and especially upon the Presbytery, and peo- ple of Sydney. Our sentiments will be re- volved, and our proceedings reported in a few days in the remotest corners of the land, and I have no doubt they will bring joy and com- fort to many a distant station, and many a solitary dwelling, in the wild bush. The As- sociation formed this night in the metropolis , of Australia, will become the parent of many more, it will bo looked upon as a model, and it will give a tone and complexion to the whole scheme, which with God's bless- ing must ensure its success. Let mc remind you then, that not only the eyes of Australia, but thnt the eyes of Christian England, Scotland, and Ireland, and of the whole Christian world, willbe directed towards our proceedings this night. For the people of , Sydney is reserved the high honour-the dis- tinguished privilege, of leading the van of our Colonial Missionary Church. It is for you to i say whether so m in y hopes shall be realised. It is for you to determine whether the Church of our fathers, whose very name recalls a thousand hallowed reminiscences, shall keep pace with the advancing population and pro- sperity of your adopted land. It is for you to decide whether another fragment shall not be wrested from the empire of Satan, and added to the kingdom of Christ. The duty of our Church is clearly prescribed in the Word of God. When Christ c unmissioued his Apostles to preach the Gospel, His instructions were short nnd simple, but very comprehensive " Go yo, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, lind of the Holy Ghost." Here we have both the duty and the instructions. They recognize, you observe, no other limit but the limits of the earth to the operations of the Christian Church. Christianity, like its Divine Founder, embraces the whole family of man of everv colour and of every clime. Christ sent fortn IIÍ3 disciples to proclaim the glnd tidings of salvation to every creature under heaven. And in every Church that is faithful to her Divine Master, recognizes the authority of his direc- tions ns still binding upon her. Whenever a Cnurch becomes stationary, whenever she ceases to make aggressions upon the teiritories of Satan, she censes to bo faithful to Ilim from whom she derives her existence and her authority ; from that moment she languishes and decays, like a withered branch torn from the parent vine, from which she derived her freshness nnd vitality. This is not a mere random assertion, but a melan- choly f.ict established by every page of eccle- siastical history ; and therefore I rejoice to see our Church become again a missionary Church, resolved to redouble her zeal, to summon forth all her latent energies, and to make a bold appeal to the sympathy and benevolence of the Christian world, to furnish her with the means of cai vying out her missionary schemes, confi- i dent in the righteousness of her cause, und relying upon the mercy and goodness of God. A few word* more and I have done. In the resolution which I had the honour to submit to this meeting, you will remember that the mis- sionary enterprise of our colonial Church is associated with the venerable parent Church of Scotland. There is no part of the scheme which I hailed with greater satisfaction than this. The resolution is framed in a hypothe- tical form. I do not mean to question the propriety of the form, but I may venture to affirm from what I myself know of the generous and disinterested affection which that truly parental Church has ever shown towards her colonial offspring, and especially towards the Australian Church,'that wo may safely reckon upon the friendly offices and powerful co-opera- tion of the Church of Scotland in this, or in any other 6chemo which has for its object to pro- ' mote the glory of God, and ameliorate the con dition of mankind. The present missionary character of the Church of Scotland is a suffi- cient guarantee for our reliance upon her friendly aid ; and her prosperity and efficiency is a proof that wherever a Church is faithful to her God, there will be " peace within her walls, and prosperity \v;»liin her palnccs." I need not say more, my Christian friends, to enlist your sympathies and secure your support to that great cause on which all our hopes arc fixed. If the love of Christ be the prevailing principle of your bosoms, assuredly you will not rest satisfied without striving, according to the ability wliich God has given you, to add new members to his Church -new subjects to his Kingdom-and fresh laurels to his Crown. The Rev. ROBERT STEWART seconded the resolution, observing th»t he was licensed in the Church of Scotland forty-three years ago, by the Rev. Dr. Hill. Time had made some impression upon him, but he was glad to say that ho could still be useful, and bo as willing and ready to serve the cause in which they en gnged. He had collected much money for a church, and for destitute orphans ; he knew what collecting was, and had no doubt that the people of Sydney would give liberally when they saw a proper object on which, it was to be expended. On the motion of Mr. H. W. HAMILTON, seconded by Mr. GEORGE RATTRAY, a com- mittee and office-hearers were nominated. Their names will appear in a future paper. The meeting was closed with a benediction. 