EXTRACTS. Soon after the Capemicsn system of astronomy began to be generally Btiderstood, an old firmer went to his parson with the following inquiry :—**I>r. T., do you believe in the new story they tell about the earth moving "round the 1 sun T' "Yes; certainly " " Do you think It la according to the Scripture ? If it's . true, bow eould Joshua command the ran to stand still f "Umph !*' jquolh.ihe puson," Joshua coiri- Trtanded the sun. to stand still, i did lie ?'—" IW." «• Well, it stood slut, did it not?—", Y*s. "Very well. Did you e»erliear that he set it agoing again? r.... => : PttlUTBRVToAsrs,—"The Press, '. lt EX^pressesirutb,RE-pressea error, ''TO-pressesknowledge. and oppresses none/' , We thought thissop-pressed and therefore publish it.—"Woman the' falres'jt work of creation—the MDfTfOH being extensivtf, let no man . be without a copy." " BABIES— miaature edition of humanity, issued ^periodically in sheets, and displayed josm/ill cats*', Tim Ten ho as and A rrnAcrioNs F Aittsi-Ocfticv.-^A 'Washington! otrpippojidfeijvoV a Sew 'York j Who! describes, uiiller date the 4th .Sept., " a sensation "-caused by tr visit from the Earl «l Duiham to thb city'of WB^itiigtoh, " The "President's rej L'eptlon, last jiight| ivas ! thought to be the finest of thf .season,, the most distinguished to the codfish of all/ on account of the presence of the young pari of Durbani/vHe came in upon the arin of Sir Henry fiulwer, the British Minister,and was,introduced to old Zack and the executive family' in due fornix ' He is a slim young man qjiit'e a b°J in 'appearance, quite inexperience^, apparently, aud very modest. ' Let'us .note some of the remarks of the crowd. Fat lady (there were quite a number of fat ladies in the company, generally the majority are rather of the spare order, in tact our fashionables prefer to be lean and don't like to be fat:) 'Well, that's the Earl of Durham. He looks to be a nice young man. They say he's worth 350,000 dollars a year. They do have a splendid aristocracy in England,'. Elderly gentleman: * Ob! yes, he's a nice young man, of course, though there is nothing very remarkable about him except bis 350,000 dollars a year. And, asyou say, my dear, the English aristocracy is splendid, while the mass of the psople are paupers, starving to death in workhouses.* Fat lady's daughter; " Do hush, pa! for my part I think he's handsome. Look, ma, such a fine eye, and what a good complexion he has. He is a perfect love of a young gentleman." Western democrat to one of liis constituents. • There's your Earl of Durham; rather green about the eyes, aint he?' Constituent: " Well, he does look a little verdant, even to us of the backwoods. is that the man that started the short-horn Durham bulls?' Member : ' No, it was the old man. He was a great cattle raiser; but, I suppose the poor devils who work on the" estates would like to be fed as the Durham bulls. That's your English aristocracy. They monopolize the land, they raise splendid cattle; hut the people who do the work are fed on garbage. 'I'alkof southern slavery! Perhaps this young man will lionize it in the south, and then go back to England and draw up the horrors of southern slavery, and the barbarity of American society. Well, 1 tell you, Sam, there is a good time coming for the outsiders, and one of these days Old England will feel an earthquake, and the Gar] of Durham, and Hie nobility, and royalty, and the Church, which drain the life- blood from the peoplwill be swept «»ff like the Florida Indians, hunted down, and slaughtered, as were the old nobles of France in the great revolution. It will be sure to come to that.* The Earl of Durham, meanwhile passed into the crowd, and young ladies peeped over men's shoulders to get a lookatbim, others were A Splendid Description.— One Paul Denton,a Methodist Preachei in Texas, advertises a Jiarbacue, with better Liquor then was usually furnished. When the people were assembled, a desperado in the crowd cried out—" Mr. Paul Denton, your rivereace ha? lied; You promised not only good barbacue, but better liquor. Where is the liquor ? -There ! answered the Missionary in tones of thunder, and pbinting his •motionless finger Vt the matchless Double Spring, gushing out into two strong columns, with a sound like a shout of joy from "the bosom of the earth. There ! he repeated with a look terrible as the lightning, while his enemy actually trembled on his feet; there -is the liquor, which God the Eternal, brews for all his child' renf * Not in n simmering still, oyer smoky fires - choked with poisonous gases, and surrounded with sickening odours and Tank corruptions, doth vourfather in heaven prepare the precious essence of lire; the ptire cold water, but In the green glade and grassy dell, where the red deer wandersj and the'! child'loves' play, there God'brewsit ; and down in the.deepest valleys where the fountains murmur and the rills sing; and high up on the tall mountain tops, where the native granite g-iitters like pold in the sun,- where the&tbrin.; cloud broodsarid the thunder-storms cfash;; and far away out'on tlie vvidf, wild ilea; "where (he hmricane howls tnnsic, and the big waves roar-the ohorusi'isweeping th«march of God: therb he brews It, that beverage' : of life, '^eaUh-gi"vhig. : water i'^ahd^fevery \yhere it is a thing of- beauty gleaming in the dew-drop?;-singing^ii ,tbe sunijper r∈ s'shining'in jtbe )ne-Rem, -till the trees 6eem tyrned into living -jewels.—spreading a•tfoldfn-Veil over the setting sun, or a vhite gauze around the midnight moon, spottinp in.the cateract;'sleeping'in'the bail shower ; folding its bri'lit cartaiiis softly about the winter world j and the many coloured Iris, that seraph's zone of the sky, whose warp is the rain drop of earth, whose wool is the suu beam of heaven all checked over with celestial fl.iwers by the mystic hand of refraction. Still nl > av« it is beautiful—that blessed life- water! no poison bubbles oil its brink ; its foam brings not madness and murder ; no blood stains its liquid glass ; pale widows and starving orphans tveep not burning tears in its depths; no drunkard's shrieking ghost from the grave curses in its words of despair I Speak out, my friends ; would you exchange it for the demon's drink, alcohol ? A shout, like the roar of the tempest, answered—* No 1 dying to be introduced to him; and , and on all hands the lucky recipient of 350,000 dollars a year was the observed of all observers. He had but veiy little to say, he seemed to be a very retiring und modest young man, and perfectly unconscious of the teirible criticisms of the fierce democracy on the aristocratic institutions of John Bull.. Yesterday the Earl of Durham, in a bob-tailed cockney dress of pepper and-salt, called at a book-store to get a Congressional dictionary, to fiud out where the lions oi the town were located. There has been very little trotting after his Excellency in Washington; and, to do him justice, he does not appear to desire to be made a fool of liks Charley Dickens; but will take. Three hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year is hard to beat, and a title of that sort is worth something even in the United States, where money is no objeetatall. Even Old Zack, pretty well to do himself, looked upon the youthful nabob with an eye of special favour ; and dealers in fancy goods shrunk back like the Hindoos, in the presence of some idol" 