THE PAPAL AGGRESSION AGROUND, After all the 'froth and fury' expended on this question, both in and out of Parlia ment, it evaporates into airy nothing. Never was the observation of the Roman Satirist more aptly illustrated. ' Tarturierunt Montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.' The Mountains were in labour, and out creeps a Mouse i wuetner me nuu Aggression' Bill introduced by little Lord John, passes into law or not, it will prove powerless to prevent the Holy Father from appointing Bishops as well to the ' new' as to the ancient Sees in Great Britain and Ireland, and the Bishops thus canonically instituted will be the true and recognised Bishops of those Dioceses for which they shall have been consecrated in virtue of the power given by our Divine Saviour to Saint Peter and to bis Successors in the Apostolic $(aa nf T?.nmft. Thfi t.inv hands of Lord John Russell can never wrestfrom Peter the Keys of the Kingdom of Heaven which were given into the care of those venerable hands by the Prince of Pastors and the King of Heaven himself. As it is more than probable that Lord John no longer holds the Seals of Office as Prime Minister of England, we may fairly conjecture that whoever succeeds him as ' Premier' will not commence his political career by carrying through Parliament that very obnoxious and ' Penal' Bill on which Lord John has suffered the shipwreck of his character as a statesman and as a popular advocate of the great principle of Civil and Religious Liberty. Lord John seems to have forgotten, what he must have read in history, that far 'greater men than himself, in every sense of the word, have had reason to trace their downfall to their fruitless and wicked at tempts at thwarting or tampering with the Holy Father ia the exercise of his high and uuiy tspunuiu luuutiuus. vvuuess xiapu leon,' who at one time seemed to disregard the power of the Pope, but as soon as he fell under the censures of the Church, he began visib'y to smart under the com mination [of Pius VII. It has been often remarked that the career of Bounaparte's greatness dates its decline from the day he was denounced by the Pope for the unhal lowed act of his imprisonment. But to revert to the ' storm ' raised in Eng land by the pretended 'Papal Aggression.' We beg to assure honest John Bull, that the Catholic subjects of our gracious Queen areas fully convinced of the full extent of the ' allegiance ' they owe to their lawful Sovereign as the most violent opponent of the Papal power could desire, or as the strongest advocate of the Established Church could proclaim, and furthermore that Catholics are ever ready and willing to uphold the undivided and unconditional supremacy w» wuu .1.1.1.UUU* vu iu au uivii auu uciuuuiai matters. They most unhesitatingly 'give to Csesar what belongs to Caesar,' but they will never consent to give to Caesar what belongs to ' God,' viz., the power of go verning their consciences in all spiritual things, and of ruling the Churoh, which is called the kingdom of God on earth — a power which the Holy Ghost has committed to Bishops and not to Princes or Prime Ministers, The EngMsh people have for once forfeitod in the eyes of the civilizod world the high character they hitherto sustained as a cool, thinking, and practical race of men. The whole of the late,, Anti-Popery c'amour rested on no tangible or substantial basis — no attempt was made directly or indirectly to invade any rights or prerogatives of the Crown. And no other people but those blinded by prejudice and hurried on by frantic declaimers, could permit themselves to be carried to such outrageous extravagancies We shall notice a very strong case in point, mentioned in the Univers with regard to Switzerland. This country is divided by the Roman Catholic Hierarchy into four Dioceses: — ' 1. The Eoman Catholic Bishop who adminis ters the cantons of Soleure, Lucerne, Bale, Argovie, Zurich, &c.; ; he has his residence at Soleure, but he does not bear the title of that Catholic city ; Pope Leo XII., of happy memory, in the circum scription of the Diocese made in 1828, conferred on him the title of e Bishop of Bale,1 a city at this day entirely Protestant, but which was, before the Reformation, an Episcopal residence, rendered famous by the Council of 1431. The Protestant population of the Diocese saw no encroachment in that title ; all the Governments, in their official acts, accord to the Prelate the title of Bishop of Bale. ' 2. The Catholic Bishop who administers the cantons of Fribourg, Vaud, Geneva, &c;, has his residence at Fribourg ; however, he does not bear the title of ' Fribourg,' but that of ' Lausanne and Geneva ,?' that is to say, of two extremely Protes tant cities. It was only in 1819 that the Bishop of Lausanne was chai'ged with the administration of tne canton ot ixeneva. jli was on tnis occasion tnat Pope Pius VII., of happy memory, conferred on him the title of Bishop of Geneva. The Genevese Government, though at that period eminently Cal vinist, made no sort of opposition to this ; on the contrary, they thanked the Holy See for it. '3. The Catholic Bishop administering the can tons of the Grisons, Uri, Schwyz, Unterwald, &c;, bears, from time immemorial, the title of Bishop of Coirs, although that city, for three centuries past, has been Protestant. ' 4. Lastly, the Bishopric of St. Gall, in its ac tual circumscription, only dates from 1846. Our Holy Father, Pius, IX., in organising it, gave to it, with the consent of the Government, the title of Bishopric of St. Gall, although that city is Protes* tant. ' You see, therefore, that the four Eoman Ca tholic Bishops who administer Switzerland all bear the title of Protestant cities. You see that the Venerable Prelates have received and accepted these titles on the part of the Holy See, without the sons of William Tell and the descendants of Zwingli, Calvin, &c;, seeing in them any encroachment on their temporal or spiritual supremacy. ' May this example of the most ancient Repub lic in Europe contribute to re-assure the noble and intelligent nation of England that no ' Aggression' was made by Pius IX. on the Laws or Constitution of the Nation.' 