%it$v&tuve.; ? ? A COTTAGE MEMORY. ?',- .- (From Dickens' Household Word,s\ ? , In that far foreign country, the drearn of ;old days And old haunts often bear's me to Anthony Wray's ; The white little cottage with nest-crowded eaves^ Peeping out half the year from an ambush of leaves. . And now once again have my footsteps been there. And have found it — deserted, dismantled, and bare ; On the gable : they now are like flow'rs on a grave* At that window, I thought as I passed through the door, Where the late sunbeam strikes down the weed covered floor, . How often the sunlight and moonlight have shone Upon bright, living faces, that now are all gone. In the choice ingle-nook stood no Martha's arm chair, But a heap of dead leaves which the wind had swept there ; The low-talking wind that breathed thoughts of the time When young voices rang round like a holiday chime. . And the hearth had become like a cold cnurchyard stone, Encrusted with mould and with moss overgrown, That had glowed thnragh so many a long winter night, The heart of the cottage, a core of warm light. What talk and what mirth there ! what tales told or read To the children that listened- in joy tinged with dread ! A storm shakes the window ; they solemnly gaze On each other, and draw their stools nearer the blaze. Their father is drowsy with labour gone through, And the deep satisfaction of nothing to do ; The woof of light sleep in its net-work has bound him, And home mildly shines through the mist that's around him. The mother sits knitting and smiling fond praise-; The cheek of the youngest shines warm in the blaze As he rests his white head on his grandmother's knee-; Alas ! that these pictures mere phantoms should be. As ghosts of burnt roses cloud up from their ashes, ' Rise scenes from the past in these transient flashes; Thin visions, soon melted, which leave the heart sore} By half-^howing that which they will not restore. Could it be that this Household was gone, and for fiver? The wood looked unchanged, and the fields, and the river ; Co-tenants of time, even part did these seem Of beings who now are but shapes of a dream. The broad-leaved horse-chesnut my thoughts used to wed With those for whose shelter its boughs seemed to spread, Dipped slowly in sunlight its fans as of old. But beneath, all had passed ' like a tale that is told.' Long I stood, and had no word of comfort to say Yet not unconsoled did I turn me away : Thank God for the faith that is stronger than grief, Tho fountain that springs to the parched soul's re lief. The whispered assurance which raises and soothes, That these are- the1 phantoms, and those stilT the truths ; And their trials and virtues, their tears and their mirth Not faded like yesterday's light from the earth. 