FINES.-Tho following gentlemen were yester- day fined £2 each for non- attendance as Jurors at the Supremo Court:-Mr. Joseph W. Rocho, pub- lican ; Mr. Richard Roberts, landholder ; Mr. Ll. M. Robey, merchant; Mr. James Smith, baker; Mr. Robert Stewart, cabinetmaker. CASKS REQUIUINO TWO MAGISTRATES.-At tho closo-of tho business at tho Police OtHoo, yesterday, Mr. Dowling was compelled to postpone several eases for the want of a second magistrate. Mr. Driscoll, who appears to have had a legal interest in ono, ventured to insinuate, with as little of tho brogue as possible, that thc difficulty which his Worship had all along regarded as formidable was a more ignis J'aluu* of a legal imagination. Uo contended that thc law did"JICJÍ imperatively re quiro tho presence of two magistrates. Tho sup- position to tho contrary rested upon a legal am- biguity, which, if he had been a legislator, would never have occurred. His Worship at first soemed rattier prostrated at thia extraordinary stroke of 'loaming, lie recovered, however, and expressed himself to tho effect that Mr. Driscoll's dictum was nob precisely tho sort of thing to turn his intellect inside out. "" Pardon mo, yer Wurship," exclnimod Mr. I)., " I havo no intinslmn of putting my poor nulledgo in oonm'otishún with yer Wurship's." His Worship looked at Mr. DriscolJ, just as if ho saw another Daniel O'Connell belbro him ; and seemed to wonder what on earth Mr. Driscoll hud been doing'if ho had not been putting his "knowledge in competition." "I assure your Worship," reiterated Mr. Driscoll, " I've not tho ghost of a doubt on my mind with respiet to that pint." His Worship sahl nothing, but tho ex- pression of his countenance scorned to say, "1 dare say you have not." " You soe," said Mr. Driscoll, "that at theso times, when peoplo aro nil going to tho diggings, an hour's delay is at tiiiuml with muoli bother and inconvankuico to the public." Mr. Dowling scorned to'sympathise with Mr. D., particularly as that gentleman was ovidoiitly labouring under an attack of "gold fever" himself; and stated that ho was very sorry, but ns his salary was quito little enough, ho could not afford to risk any encroachments on it in tho shapo of fines or penalties for magisterial ¡ errors. Mr.- Driscoll felt tho wisdom of.this 'remark from expérience, and, at onco shut his mouth. 