THE LORD MAYOR'S SHOW. (From the Daily New», Nov. 11. J SATURDAY being the day for the public inaugu- ration of the new Lord Mayor, the occasion was, as usual, a complete holiday in the city. From an early hour crowds of pedestrians, ¡n holiday attire, were seen wending their way from all parts ot London towards Guildhall ; and though the weather was at first rather in- auspicious, as the morning advanced it cleared up, and there was no obstacle to the full enjoy- ment of the scene. Eleven o'clock was the time fixed for the procession to start, bnt it was more than half past eleven before it set out. At that hour all the streets and avenues adjacent to the Guild- hall were densely crowded, and in Cheapside and the other principal thoroughfares business appeared totally suspended. Shortly beforo ten o'clock the new Lord Mayor arrived at the Mansion House, and was immediately followed by the Sheriffs and other authorities. In the course of half an hour his lordship left for the Guildhall, pre- ceded by the late Lord Mayor, Mr. Alderman Farncomb. Here a sump- tuous breakfast was prepared, at which a dis- tinguished company was present. During the repast the band of the Life Guards were sta- tioned in the Guildhall-yard, and performed several pleasing airs. In the mean time the bustle and preparation in forming the different companies and the pageantry for the procession excited no little amount of interest and expec- tation out of doors. The Lord Mayor elect had apparently determined to offer a great novelty and improvement upon the old system of com- memorating the civic day that should render the procession more worthy of the present era. Public expectation had been raised by the an- nouncement that the '* man in armour," as the representative of a by-gone period, was to give place to Borne novelties more characteristic of the present age, and symbolical of peace, in- dustry, and growing civilization. To this part of the procession all eyes were accordingly di- rected. The committee of management were assisted in the improvements by the artistic talents of Mr. Godwin, F.R S , the secretary to the Art Union, and the object and design will perhaps be better understood by the fol- lowing extract from the letter of that gentleman to the Lord Mayor elect : It appears to havo been originated by the provision in the charter grantod to the City of London by King John, ia May, 12)4, that avery neir mayor should be presented to the Klug for approbation. The. earliest show of which there is any mention is that recorded by Matthew Paris, as taking place in 12)10, when Henry III. was kin?. The first recorded exhibition by the trades of London in the ceremony took place in 1298. The water procossion was introduced as early as 1180. Besides the usual procession, a scenic spoctaclo after- wards came to be introduced, under tho title of a pa- geant. The earliest notice ot one ot these yet found rotates to the show of 1510. A printed account of speeches delivered by the characters in tho pageant of 1533 is extant, Irom which it may be interred that an emblem was then exhibited setting forth the excellen- cies of London, 'rich and fortunate.' In the pagoaut of 1013, 'The Triump of Truth,' fortho miijoralty of Sir Thomas Middleton, wa» exhibited. In Cheapside, there appeared 'London's Triumphant Mount.' veiled by a mist, cast over it by Error's friends-Barbarism, Igno- rance, Impudence, and Falsehood four monsters nith clubs. At the command of Truth tho mist vanished, tlio oloud suddenly rose, and cbaugod into a bright spreading canopy, stuck thick with stars. In the midst sat Loudon, with Religion, Liberality, Know- ledge, Fame, and Meekness. Tho pageant moved on -Error again threw London into a mist, and the clever machinist again dispelled it, to typify tho power of truth. Tho pageant ot 1017 sot forth 'the Tryumphs of Honour and Industry,' an appropriate foroshadoning of what is to happen in 1851. In the course of it, In- dustry declared the joy she diñused to the world, and introduced the ' Pageant of Several Nations' to honour the miiyor, wherein figured an Englishman, French- man, Irishman. Spaniard, Turk, Jew, Dine, Eolandor, Barbarian, and ltussian. After the Commonwealth (during which, by the way, no 'shows' are rccordod to have taken place), amongst other curious devices, a figure was sot up at Foster-lane, habited in the manner and fashion of several nations which trade with Europe, and won made to say : " Although my shape may seem ridiculous, Uasultalile, rude and incongruous, Contomne mo not : thero's nothing that I wear About rae but does somo relation bear To the castomos of those countrejs with whom You trafflque In all parts ot Cbristendome.' The majority of the pagonnts were fanciful rather than instructive, but still had thought and skil- ful mechanists and carvers to execute. It was a common practice to symbolise the company to which the miyor belonged ; also to pun poorly on his nime. Thus, in a city pngoant, in 1115 (though not Lord Mayor's day), when Henry V. ro turned from Agincourt, because John Wells was mayor, tho wholo show was " Devised notabely indedo For to accordyne with tho Maler's name," and three wells, which ran wine, were exhibited at the conduit in Chepe. So, too, in 1010, when Mr. John Leman waa mayor, " A lemon treo, in fuil and ample tormo," made part of the pageant. In tho " riding ' of 1672, the paogenitors of Gog and Magog in Guildhall marched in the van. In earlier titnei giants always tormed part of sucli processions, not merely in London but elsewhere, as in Spain, Antwerp, Chester, Salisbury, Coventry, ¿io. The last Lord Mayor's pugeant publicly performed (says Mr. Fuirholt, in his " History of the Lord Mayor's l'ageonts,'' printed for the Percy Society) was seen by Queen Anne in 1702. Pageants were de- vised for the Thow in 1708, hut these wore not exhl bited, in consequence, of the death of the Queon's hus- band, and after that date the mayor's show dwindled to what it now is, and has exhibited few variations since. In 1701 the ancient pageantry WAS, for the last time, revived by Sir Samuel Fludyor. The present state coach was brought into use four years previously. In 1S25, Alderman lleygate introduced tho three knights ; Alderman Lucas, In ISU7, had two colossal figures of wicker-work, representing Gog and Magog; and Alder- man Pirie in 1811, introduced an ancient feature, in the shape of a model of a ship which has boen since repeated. Mr. Godwin then expressed the regret with which he should see this ancient ceremonial abandoned, and concluded by suggesting the tableau emblematical of Industry, the Fine Arts, Commerce, and Manufactures, which ap- peared in that procession. That portion of the pageantry which included the wild beasts, forming so prominent a feature in the display, had taken up its position in one of the by- streets, adjacent to the Guildhall, at an early hour in the morning, and the multifarious figures forming a component of the cavalcade, were objects of considerable interest. The celebrated equestrian, Mr. Batty, who was ap- pointed by the Entertainment Committee for the occasion, was busily engaged in arrang- ing the progress of this portion of the procession. The " progress" uimmenced its stately march from Guildhall shoitly after 11 o'clock. The principal object in the moving tableau was a car, of gigantic dimensions. In the upper part of this car, which was made to slant towards the ground, was seated Peace, not a statue or mere affigy, but a real auimated god- dess, benring with her the emblems of her reign, and gracing the character as much by her looks as her carriage. Below was Britan- nia, also an animated figure, looking as she has been from time immemorial supposed to look when ruling the waves, and having a crew of S'iilnrs at her feet. The whole appearance of this car was very striking, reminding one of the triumphal vehicles of old Rime. The peaceful goddess was precede 1 by faur men on horseback, who severally represented the four quarters of the globe, and whose faces had been submitted to the artiBt, in order that they might assume the proper hue. In their dress and weapons, also, great care had been taken to complete the illusion. A camel, to represent Asia ziologically, formed another object of in- terest ; but the popular wonder was further I increased by the spectacle ot an elephant, whose back was furnished with one of those warlike towers, from which eastern arohers are repre- sented to have shot forth their weapous. Both the elephant and the camel marched with as much order and propriety as though they had been trained to the business from infancy, or had personally consented to figure in the pro- cession, on condition that they should after- wards dine with the new lord mayor. It would be wiong to omit to mention two deer, whose backs were surmounted with leafy symbols of their favoutite haunt«, and whose behavioir was quite in keeping with the occasion. In the case of the four horses severally representing Industry, Art«, Commerce, and Manufactures, the most noticeable thing was an enormous globe on the back of one of them, with a ship resting uoon it. It was evident that the assem- bled public heartily approved of the introduc- tion of these novelties, and some comparisons were heard which might justly have kindled the wrath and indignation of the ghosts of the men-at-armour had they been present to listen to them. The route adopted differed from that which been taken on former occasions, the Lord Mayor being desirous of passing through the principal streets of Bread- street Ward, of which he is Alderman ; this arrangement probably enabled a greater number of specta- tors, who were stationary at windows, to witness the procession than could have seen it by th° former line of march. The order preserved was ' capital, and the only disaster we have heard of was the downfall of the device reared on the back of the camel, and representingemblems of the Asiatic nations and arma. Disarranged in in its fixity by the rough unequal paces of the animal, this grand feature of the procession toppled over in Gresham-street, to the great amusement of the crowd. The Lord Mayor was heartily cheered along the whole route, his popularity being especially observable when passing through his own ward. In some places flags were suspended across the streets, and added to the general liveliness and holiday aspect of the whole scene. When the proces- sion reached Cornhill, the children of the Cornhill and Lime-street Ward Charity Schools were found tastefully arranged withintheporches of the Churches of St. Michael's and St. Peter's, Cornhill. This had been suggested by Mr. Sheriff Hodgkinson. We understand the wor 1 thy Sheriff exhibited his kind feeling on Satur day by giving the whole of the children (120 in number) a substantial dinner of roast beef and plumpudding after they had been gratified with a sight of the pageant. After passing along Gresham street, Moorgate-street, Lon- don- wall. Old Broad-street, Threadneedle street Bishopsgate-street Within, Cornhill, Mansion House-street, the Poultry, Cheapside. St. Paul's Churchyard, Ludgate-atreet, Lud gate-hill, and New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, the Lord Mayor and those who attended him took ¿to their barges, and proceeded up the river to Westminster, that the Lord Mayor might be presented, according to ancient usage, to the Barons of the Exchequer. The embarka- j tion took place at Blackfriars pier in the Lord Mayor's barge at a quarter to one o'clock, The attendant barges were those of the Fishmon- gers' Company, the Skinners' Company, the Tallow Chandlers' Company, and the Cloth workers' Company. As the procession passed along the river, it was greeted with the oheers of the thousands of persons that lined the banks ot the Thames, and crowded the Temple Gardens, Somerset House, and Waterloo, Hungerford, and West- minster- bridges. Even the mandarins of the Celestial Empire, who have found a home in the Chinese junk, close to the Essex street pier, condescended to pay their respects from their novel palace to the first magistrate of the first city in the world, The cortege reached West minster bridge at about half past one o'clock, but as it was understood that thia was too early an hour for the Lord Mayor to be presented to the Barons, the barges were directed to go higher up the river. They weie accordingly rowed along considerably beyond Lambeth Palace, much to the satisfaction of the working inhabitants of Lambeth, who crowded the banks of the river. Shortly afterwards the state and other barges were safely moored to a temporary stairs erected for the occasion be- tween the end of the new houses of parliament and the bridge ; and the Lord Mayor and his numerous train landed, and arrived at about 2 o'clock at the Court of Exchequer. The ceremony of administering the oaths being concluded and the Lord Mayor having given to the Barons of the Exchequer the usual invitation to the banquet in the evening, which «as accepted by the Lord Chief Baron, proceeded with his train to the Court of Queen's Bench, and gave the same invitation to the Judges, and it was accepted by Lord Campbell on the part of himself and his learned colleagues in that court. The proces- sion next visited the Court of Common PleaR, where the invitation was given to the Judges ol that court, and accepted through the Lord Chief Justice. The Lord Mayor having thus been duly sworn, the procession returned by water from Westminster to Blackfriars in the order in which they had come. The Lord Mayor artived at Blackfriars a few minutes before four o'clock, and the procession being re-formed, passed through New Bridge street, Ludgate- hill, St. Paul s Churchvard, and Cheapside to Guildhall. The only addition to the cavalcade was the Lady Mayoress, who preceded the Lord Mayor in a magnificent state coach, just built for his Lordship by Messrs. Laurie and Marner, of Cheapside. TUB DANQUBT AT GUILDHALL The several lords, ladies, and gentlemen, who accompanied the procession to Westmin- ster, and those who joined it upon its return to the city, arrived at the Guildhall about four o'clock. From that time till the hour ap- pointed for the banquet-seven o'clock-there was a constant succession of arrivals. Some time was occupied in the reception of the very numerous party who preceded, and those who attended the Lord Mayor. Whilst the Lord Mayor was giving audience to a portion of his visitors in the council chamber, others thronged the adjoining apartments, in which there was the diaplay already mentioned in our columns. The model for the statue of Sir Robert Peel attracted considerable attention. Another point of attraction was a transparent illumi- nated view of the glafs palace, as it is to be when finished, in Hyde-park, for the exhibi- tion of 1851. About a quarter past four o'clock tbe herald proclaimed the »rival of his lordship, who, upon his appearance in the banquetting hall with the Lidy Mayoress, was welcomed with loud cheering. At intervale the several ambas- sadors and other parties connected with the government were announced. Precisely at six the Marquis of Clanricarde, her Majesty's Post- master- General, entered the hall, followed by the Right Hon. Lord John Russell, whose pre- sence was greeted with cheers of the most en- thusiastic character. Amongst the company ranged at this time around the prinoipal tables we noticed the Right Hon. the late Lord Mayor, the Lord High Chancellor (Baron Truro), the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Marquis of Clanri- card-, the E«l of Carlisle, Lord John Russell, Viscount Palmerston, Sir George Grey, Bart-, the Right Hon. Fox Maule, the American Minister, the Sardinian Minister, Lord Camp- bell, Sir John Jervis, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, the Lord Chief Baron, and | several other members of tht> judicial bench, Lord Dulley Coutts Stuart, M.P., Lord Wharnoliffe, Lird Milford, the Dean of St. Paul's, the Attorney and Solicitor-General, and a considerable number of members of the bar, with the Chairman of East India Company, John Ma »ter man, Esq., M.P., and many other influential noblemen and gentlemen. The magnificent hall was filled to the utmost, and when the procession from the Lord Mayor's Chamber appeared, the noble pile rang with acclamations. After the cloth had bien drawn and grace had been chanted by the vocalists, the several toasts were announced from the chair by a flourish of trumpets. - The following wat the GENERAL 250 Tureens of real turtle, containing five pint« each 200 Bottles of »herbet 0 Dishes of fish SO Entrees 4 Boiled turkeys and oysters 00 Roast pullets 60 Dishes of fowl» - 40 Ditto of capons 6 Dttto or Capt. White's Sellm's true India curries SO French pie* 60 Pigeon pies 53 Hams, ornamentad 43 Tongues , 2 Quarter» of house lamb 2 Barons of beef 3 Rounds of beef 2 Stewed rumps of beef 13 Sirloins, rumps, and ribs of beef 6 Dishes of asparagus 60 Ditto of meshed and other potatoes 44 Ditto of shell fish 4 Ditto ot prawns 140 Jellies no Blancmanges 200 Ice creams OF FARB, 40 Dishes of tarts «reamed 40 Ditto Of almond pastry 30 Ditto' of orange and other tourtes 20 Chantilly baskets 60 Dishes ot mince pies SS Salads Tbe removos SO Roast turkeys 0 Leverets 80 Pheasants 24 Geese 40 Dishes of partridges IS Ditto of wild fowl 2 Pea fowls Dessert 100 Fine apples, from 21b to 31b each 200 Dishes of hot-houso grapes SO Dishes of apples 100 Dishes of pears SO Ornamented Savoy cake '75 Plates of walnuts 80 Ditto of dried fruit and preserves SO Ditto of preserved ginger 00 Ditto of rout cakes and obips 46 Ditto of brandy cher- ries. 