THE TARIFF. THE original priciple our conscript Fathers of the Council established at the commencement of their labours was in all respects worthy of their wisdom. They agreed that taxation ought to be reduced, and that the revenue ought to be maintained. That phlebottomy was exceedingly proper treatment, but that plethora was essential to the health of the patient. The Collector gravely announced, at the commencement of the operation, a great theoretical and practical problem, namely, that if taxes were taken off, taxes must at the same time be laid on; and the doctors having agreed that this was genuine HOLLO- WAY for the relief of an over-burdened and sorelytaxed people, swallowed the pill, box and all, without further scruple or compunction. And so the colonists are saddled for one year more with the most infamous and disgraceful load of taxation that ever ground to the dust the industry and energy of a struggling community. The person we speak of, who led the way in the mischief just perpetrated, has objected to the statement made by us that the people of South Australia are more extravagantly and outrageously taxed than any other people in the known world, and maintained an opposite theory by a practical illustration altogether worthy of so eminent an economist, namely, that a poor man was taxed less than a rich one, on an average, quoth his Excellency's " able officer"—a poor colonist pays £$ f er annum, while the more fortunate, whose income ranges from five to nine hundred pounds a year, gets off, as he asserts, dirt cheap, for £15, more or less, according to circumstances—connected probably with devotion to brandy, cigars, &c.;, &c.; Now, although it required "no ghost from Denmark** to tell us that a rich man pays more m the shape of taxe than a poor one, yet the very showing ot Theoretical demonstrated that both paid far too much. That a hard-working labourer should be taxed £3 a year, and the classes above him higher in prop or? ion, is of itself so monstrous that we are left in utter amazement, not at the extent of ignorance in which the individual defending and applaud* ing such a state of things must be sunk, but at the indifference of the Council to the very first element of colonial progress, and the blind support and sanction thus given to a system so destructive to its prosperity. What possible temptation can be held out to the capitalist, to persons of moderate competence, to the ariisan, or mechanic to choose a country for their foreign home, where the very worst infamies of the Custom House of England are in full vigour, where they will be heavily taxed on every article they cat or drink or put on, where to uphold an illegitimate and inflated revenue, to be squandered in impracticable and scheming projection, /'awa are maintained by which the growth of products most fitted for the soil and climate is all but prohibited; in short, where the monster abominations of the mother country are transferred to and flourish in all their rankness, and the tax-gatherer is encountered in eveiy house and at every turn ? Such is the first great offence consummated by the minions of the Governor cf this ill-fated country, supported, we deplore to say, by a sufficient number of fools—if no worse than fools—sent by betrayed constituencies to the Council, who override in every way the views of the rational and honorable representatives of the people. The course to be taken by the Electors is plain enough. The traitors and sneakers must be at once overhauled, and called upon their pledges to resign the trust and confidence forfeited. A general movement in »his direction would, demonstrate that the colonists are not consenting parties to the foui and discreditable doing of their sham representatives. 