GRATUITOUS OFFERS. ' Should Geordie Wilkie be blessed with snottier son (which ¡s not improbable) «nil ile '-sign to brina; bim up to his father's business, we will propose a mme for him-Koh-i-noor, or The Mountain of Turon. . Should Fred Kosten not have chris ' lined his younprit son, and intend to bring him . rip in his own line, we will piopoie a nama for \- him-Polonlus. . " ».. . "Should the Fanny Fisher require new ?hastening now that David Ogilvie has gen« to England, we would /very '.respectfully propose to the worlliy' Alderman a name-Father-/?** ? Fanny; Should Councillor Thomas be elected .an Alderman ia' D'crmber next we adflsotilm to take the tilla of hisuncle in London-AJder loan'Bury. ' , Should Mayor Thurlow become the '"PPT father of aoothar daughter, and, lo brr, ' itt désirons of .remembering his Aldermanic honours, we would suggest th« accompany lng jisme-Missy. Doeuroentia. STUBBS's LAST.-"Well, I. certainly think that'Sir Charles Fits Roy was very wrong in not giving Flood, an appointment when he applied for one," remarked Councillor Thomas -lo Stubbs, ' " He did give him one," replied the «¡d un, " a ^/reappointment.'' ATTEMPT AT. SELF-DESTRUCTION.-- It nay. not se generally known tn our reade!» that the-North American Indians have a method of .committing '''suicide ' by '?" turning.. their own \- ñongue»-down their throats. The practice bas not yet heen successfully Introduced in - this -colony, »1 thong li a very near attempt to it was unintentionally made by my Lord Flood on Mon ' day l»»t .at: Newcastle. * His Lordship was ad drciilng the electors (after the' returning ."" -officer had declared Edward Flood to have been daly'elected) a« follows 2-" I now say, that some impressions! reade use of by me at.tbe Cir eolar-quay, respecting tba Governor's family, have bern altogether misunderstood ; 1 pledge my honor that the allusions were political 1 only 1 I .and ".-the remainder of the sentence was lott, for'the speaker's tongue turned ac- cidentally, down his throat, and nearly produced : sufTication. We trust ibis will opéralo ns a warning to all persons who are in the habit of eating their own words, and convince them of the- dangerous tendency of pursuing such a course in future. SYDNEY AT FAULT.-Mr Archibald Michie, the Herald'* homo contributor, com- plain» of the piucity of articles that appear in th« space allotted to New South Wales in the Great Exhibition. He may thank his learned brother. Mr. Darvall, in some measure fur this omission, for had that gentleman (as be ought to have done) sent homo " M'Evoy the tailor'« bill," it would bare been acknowledged hy all the world a« a" clever original- article," indigenous to the antipodes, whilst, as a natural curiosity. it would have ranked second to none in the.exhibition. We certainly should not have supported Mr 1). at the election of Monday last .had we been a wa ie of his remissness ia this par- ticular. ENGLISHMEN AT A DISCOUNT.-There are three, newspapers in Melbourne ; the pro- prietors consist of two Irishmen and two Scotch- men. There aro three members for the city, two Scotchmen and one Irishman-a red botone too. Verily, the Englishmen must be dull dogs tn let svery thing be taken out of their bands. NOBLE'S CIRCUS.-The equestrian fetes \- dished up by the talented proprietor, of this establishment, ar« not the least attractive of the numerous entertainments pow in vogue. Noble's company are Immeasurably superior to any which have hitherto visited the city, and bar« given unbounded satisfaction. The magie circle is, though, unpretending In respect to decora- tion,.neat, and in every way appropriate, and tbs troup* of artitte* fully sustain the enviable imputation which Mr Noble's first appearance be- fore a Sydney public acquired for bim. DREADFUL MURDER.-The "Al-! bien" schooner from Wide Bay brought intelli- gence of Mr George Nelson Stroct having boon murdorcd by tho blacks in Wide Bay Tho un- fortunate gentleman hnd removed bis sheep from Cassilis to that rloinity for tho pnrposo of form- j log a station thoro. He was absent about threo j ' weeks from his temporary station at Wido Bay ; thil circumstance alarmed his pooplo, who pro- ceeded in loarch of him. The result was, that his body was found in a stoto of decomposition ; frightfully mutilated by tho spears of tho nativos. Tho body was immediately buried on the spot. Mr Street was woll known in Sydney, whoro* his many excellent - qualities had ' procurod him a host of friends, who sincerely rogrot his nu happy earthly end. Mr Street was thirty-six years of age. - A GRBAT CAIU>.-We are not verse atlle, bul on the oreailon of f Ae'Rogeri-e« be- nefit on that there Monday, we must do some thing- on this hera Saturday, and here's at it When Kemble John Coriolanus played | .When Mrs Siddons was a real maid : .. When Kembla Charles and (greater far) Charles Toung, Put forth their accents on which thousands hung t ? Winn Kean appeared with all lils sunlight blnxe i When T. P. Cooke, the.sailor, missed lils »tay»} When Reeve Johannes laughed upon the stage.; When Farren young-,' was portraiture of ail« ¡ When-walt a blt-the ghosts of all these codgers . Ar» hovering about the Ben of Rogers, Na better actor ls here-none so good Stlek to him, public, whit« I cut my «rood. < Past one o'clock, and. die. SHOCKING O CCURR&NCB.T-Mr; Sergeant flofu- IdeaU Carlin- Colonel - Sydney - Police Mitchell, did oder, to pay seven «billings per ÍÍ »eek fçr a «doh of his illustrious race ¡ the mo- I Wier being Mus Fanny Maiming., After a deal of backing and filling. Fanny consented to leteire that «um. 