ORIGNAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE CHURCH CONTROVERSY. TO THE EDITOK OF THE < SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE.' Sir—Having for neariy ten years held the office of Minis t ter of a parish in Hobart Town, to which I am now return ing after « visit of;two years to England on leave of absence and therefore, feeling a dtiep interest iu the Colonial Church n and having had a recent view of tbe slate of religion in the mother country, 1 now presume to submit a few obser vations to the consideration of tbe clergy and laity of this province. The late Episcopal Synod at Sydney may be regarded in three important aspects— y 1st—As btiug an Ecclesiastical Council, legislating authoratively 011 matte is of faith and discipline. as 2nd—In regard to tbe nature of the subjects on which d the judgment of the Synod has been pronounced. 3rd—In regard to the judgment^ themselves. On the firstsubject the principal questions appear to be— l-First, the proper constitution of an Ecclesiastical Synod in the .colonics. Second, the results which may be expected from the establishment of such Councils, aud from the exe cise of their functions. 1 do not deem it. advisable to enter into a minute consideration oi the constitution of Church Synods, estimating their propriety either by the ecclesiastical usage of former ages cr by the practice of modern tribunals, but to direct attention to the great Scriptural precedent which forms the s undeniable ba-is of all deliberative assemblies of Christians, and which affords .a Divine authority for the direction ofthe members of the Colonial Church in the present important al crisis of its interests. J In tlie I5fh chapter of the Acts of the Apostles it is re~ f lated that a difference of opinion existed among tlie memberX of the Church as to whether the converts from Heathenism should be compelled to observe the ordinances and ritesof the lso Levitinal law,. An assembly, consisting ofthe Apostles Eiders, and 'a&^ju- multitude' of the member* of the Church, was held at Jerusalem, in which the subject was debated, the Aposties addressingw hole iodie^ce. W e are informed that ftere6ult"vcal^il5it"! l " , it ple5&d; Itte Apost h and Elders, with ihe whole Church, to send, chosen me their company ' to testify to the Gentile converts their j» nieiit, thus formally addressed—'Tht; Apustlps and Eide and Brethren send greeting,' &c.; * It seemed »ood unto being assmbied, with one accord to sent! chosen men un 30a '; and again—* !t seemed good to the Holy Ghost to us to lay upon you no greater burthen,' &c.; This acc o seems designed to convey the followinginferences for dir tion of the Churcli:— 1st. Even the understanding of the-writer, 1 and, beyon comparison in a higher degree, the omniscient spirit of i spiration, must have foreseen that the measure adopted b the Apostles for the determination of an i111 po vta ill -1]1 ay would be regarded as a Divinely prescribed preceden r direction ofthe Church in similar eases, 2nd. The Apostles associated the lay members of the Church with themselves in deliberating, determining, and pronouncing a formal judgment on a subject of-the deep interest and importance involving doctrinal qne.-tions win required for their solution an accurate.judgment, and ex sive knowledge of Holy Scripture. 3rd. They were not withheld from allowing this rightto the laity by any fear of tumult or disorder in sui>iiiittiitg to i popu'ar assembly, a question on i\h:ch great- controversy ha ; been excited, on which opinions were much divided, an ! general interest excited. From these fact-> the following duties appear to follow :— j 1st. That the iaity cannot be excluded from s\ nodical d : *emb ies for determination of any doctrinal questions, or ; wise without contravening an Apostolic rule, and deprivi j them of a right to which they are entitled by declarat ; Ho!y Scripture. i 2nd. That their exclusion involves the responsibility of \- : setting aside an. Apostolic constitution for a human one, lt the undoubted forfeiture of the blessings dependant upon f former. - V- 3'd. That it involves the responsibility of depriving mem ẖers of the,Church of a most important light with whieli they are invested by the decision of the Lord's Word, and that - it incapacitates theni from exhibiting their zeai for th Lord, and excludes them front a high and pioiitab'e means. serving Him, and advancing the interests of His Church. 4th. The exercise bv a portion of a society of the power a of judging on religious questions affecting the interests of t whole body, necessarily implies a superiority 011 the part of those who judge, which is usually felt as a degradation by the rest,gives riseto suspicion and accusation of arbitrary e domination and tyianny over the faith of others; and whfn opinions are various, leads to party spirit, schism, and dis sension. 5th, That as the exercise of Christian privileges is the du fulfilment of religious duties, every .. ember of ihc Church i bound by a sacred obligation to use all lawful means to s cure to himself and his brethren the full and free exercise this important right, and however nniviiiing from retired \- habits or disposition, any individual may be to take par public matters, he is bound by conscience to engage in a l work on which such important principles and "interests dependent. It is not proper to infer that the Synod of Sydney assum a positive legislative character; that'is, that it promulgated decisions which it designed should be enforced bv excommunication or other penalties, for, 1st, the members were assured that they could not thus directly entorce tli ir deci sions ; 2nd, they declare that they do not * presume to th that they can inform or guide the judgment of the Church large.' i- It cannot, however, but be apparent that the solemn pr exveys an obligation in foro concicicnti/B, attaching con- mulgation of dogmas by bishops syncdicv.lly assembled, consideration to opposite, sentiments, aud involving dissentients in a painful responsibility. The characters of the prciates and - the objects which they professed leave no room to dou that they were animated by a genuine desire to advance th e- interests of the Church, and in undertaking a measure frau \- with trouble and expense, and iikeiy to engender misappre- x- hension and obloquy, they have merited the gratitude of the members of the Church. The subject therefore should be of regarded not as one of opposition or conflicting intere as a great design calling^for the co- operation of ah the li in bers of the Church, in the spirit of haiinonyaud forb e ance. j Were 1 to venture the expression of mv own privat ing, it would be one of regret that the Syiiod had proceede to the promulgation or dogmas, and had not confined itse.f : the measures requisite for the constitution of an ecclcsias assembly, to be adopted by consent of the cb'«irches, and whose authority wou ld he generally recognised, aud con id e enforced. By the declaration of the .Synod of Sydney, th deteimination of ecclesiastical regulations is assigned to pro vincial and diocesan conventions, to anticipate their judgment by decisions of a Synod composed of a single order of the clergy, is exposed to heavy objections and great inconvenience. If. however, the subject be ca.mly discussed, and those who engage in it seek for Divine guidanc and the grace to exclude from their discussion^, and stiil n l'rom t their bosoms all feelings adverse to the meekness an er humility becoming those who follow the La-jib, the greates good I must result to the Church and to religion. Ttie hea t burnings and jealousies which prevail at present admiL of easy disposal To quiet your apprehensions, your highly re spected Diocesan has only to declare sentiments which 1 a convinced he fully entertains, and which indeed is exp:es.-.ed -by the Synod, that he has 110 intention of contravening th d ; law laid down by the Privy Council, by refusing inductio t j admission to holy orders to persons who may hold eithe nte-t those who may entertain different views. the general opinions respecting baptism, and that he designed, as the Synod professes, only to express his own pr vate opinion, and not to attach a sentence of condemnatio In a second letter 1 propose to submit my reasons for lieving that the controversy concerning baptism is founded a misapprehension of wor3s»„and that the difference between to the parties is, if any, of a very uninipoitaut character; also t to allude to the distressing condition of the Church in En land, and to point out a very simple means by which the much to be desired co-operation of clergy and laity in pr moting the great interests of religion and directing the affa ur : ofthe Chuich may be secured. as- 1 remain, Sir, Your fa.thful servant, n- HENRY PUIBBS FBY. ds nister Port Adelaide, January 22, 1851 