THE TEA-MEETING. There -were at least 700 persons of both sexes aud all ages at the Tea-Meeting in Gawler-place, ou Monday e vening; the tables were arranged in the old Chapel and in the School-room, and the whole proceeding was marked with th; must unequivocal proofs of that enjoyment " not load but deep," wiiich befitted the commemoration of such a solemnity as the dedication of a temple to the Most High. After tea the company adjourned to the new Chapel, Pirie street, where a considerable accession joined their ranks, to witness or take part in the proceedings of THE PUBLIC MEETING. There were assembled on the platform the Rev. Messrs. Draper, Eggleston, Hull, Lowe, Currey, and Symons, (Wesleyans) ; Mr. Gardner (Free Church of Scotland), Mr. Stonehouse (liaptist); and Mr. Watt (Independent); G. F. Augas, Esq., and G. M. Waterhouse, Esq., Members of the Legislative Council; Mr. Anthony Forster, Messrs. Colton, Hovrard, Ma'Guire, Goss, and others. The choir performed some excellent music, particularly the Collect " Lord of all power and might," arranged as an anthem; and the Rev. J. Eggleston in an appropriate prayer iuvoked a blessing on the proceedings, after which Mr. J. Colton proposed and Mr. H. Goss seconded a motion calling to the chair. The Rev. D. J. Drapur, who, on obeying the unanimously expressed wish of the meeting, declared he would do force to his own teelings did he not state that lie regarded that as one of the white letter'days of his history; one that he would ever regard with feelings of devout thankfulness to the Most High for the great honour that recoguitiou of his desire to be useful poured on him. He had felt, and still felt, a strong interest in the erection of that building de dicated to the worship of the Triune God. From the first moment that it became apparent that increased accommo dation for the Wesleyan Society in South Adelaide was required, ani that necessity became rapidly urgent not withstanding their efforts to supply local accommodation in the surrounding districts, he telt convinced that a new erection was called for, although many seriously proposed an enlargement of the old chapel in Gawler-place. He was convinced no enlargement of that edifice would afford their rapidly increasing body the necessary facilities for carrying on what they regarded as the work of God. (Applause.) He felt the same interest still, and, he might add, the liveliest confidence -in the kind friends who surrounded him. He felt grateful to them for past assistance, he relied 011 them for future sup port. (Applause.) He felt confident that the Church would supply what might yet be required to enable those who surrounded him to enlarge their sphere of usefulness iu the surrounding localities. He felt deeply thankful to the respected Trustees who had so cheerfully taken upon their shoulders an onerous burden for the sake of the Society and the promotion of God's worship. (Applause.) He liad, in stating the liberality of his own section of the Church, great pleasure in referring to the liberality of other portions of God's people. (Applause.) He could not but congratulate that congregation in having men who would incur such heavy responsibilities as necessarily attended the attainment of that enlarged accommodation they would henceforth enjoy. It had been his lot, while labouring for the last sixteen years in the Australian colonies, to witness many ~ enlargements and a great increase in houses of worship; he had also been privileged to witness a large in crease in the Church of God, but he never felt happier than iu his association with that meeting. He regarded it as one of those attacks which it was the duty and the privilege of the Church to make upon the powers of sin and death, against the wiles and temptations of Satan and the depravity of human nature, In those colonies, where the human family was increasing with more than geome trical progression; and those attacks' must be renewed and sustained until every soul shall be brought to a knowledge of God, under the influence of His grace through the in strumentality of a living ministry. And never did the admonition to " work while it is yet day" fall more forcibly upon his heart than at that moment; but little more than twelve months ago, in July, 1850, the foundation stone of that edifice was laid. There were present on that occasion persons blooming in health and vigour, who had. since become pallid in the cold embrace of death; and voices that then joined in prayer and praise had melted away into the silence of the tomb. There was one whose cultivated mind conceived, and whose ready skill delineated the plan of that building-one who united the piety of the Christian with the polish of the gentleman; the Humility, of the worshippe r with the attainments of science, and the accomplishments of art. He had passed away; he was gone to a temple not built with hands, to possess an im perishable inheritance. There was also present at the laying of the foundation-stone one who had then but lately arrived among them, bat he brought an energy and devotion ±o the assistance of the Society-to the service of God that he was soon looked upon as a pillar of support-au invaluable acquisition. In six short days after the fouudation stone was laid, his happy spirit was called to the presence of the God iu whose cause he had laboured a faithful servant; The names of Henry: Stiickey and Andrew Johnston did indeed preach an impressive lesson to the youugest and most thoughtless of them all. How loudly did fects like -these call upon them to strive by all possible means to glorify thttir Diviue Redeemer. He could not on that occasion do otherwise than express his - sense of the in scrutable Providence of God which led them irresistibly to the conclusion that if they would have their plans effected they must trust in the arm of the Omnipotent, and confide in the promises of the immutable Head of the Church-the Lord of all things. He had great pleasure in presiding on that occasion; and he trusted that at the close of the meeting all present would be thankful for having attended at that reunion. (Applause^) He would call upon Mr. Colton, who was prepared to give some information as to the financial position of the Society in reference to tliat building. Mr. -Joliu Colton said it was usual for Treasurers of the Wesleyan Society to be in advance; and the Treasurers at present in orfice there furnished no exception to the rule. He might be permitted to make a few remarks while reading the figures embodied in the account which. he held in his hand, that he might be the more fullv understood.. In the .first place he would give the credit side of the account; and inform them that the cost of the building, as nearly as they could approximate, for the accounts were not all received, was £4,200; and he thought the meeting would agree with him in thinking it'a' very small Sam for such a capacious and beautiful building as that they were assembled" in. The cost of the land was £600.; interest paid on borrowed funds, >£120. The Rev. Mr; Eggleston had very cogently re marked on a former occasion that a sum sufficient to build many7chapels was absorbed in paying interest in these colonies-(hear, hear)-and. they n^d an example of it there in the sum of £120 wMeh they had to pay to interest. There were two large school-rooms attached to thfe'fehapel, each capable of holding 200 persons ; one was designed for. a boy;s and the other for a girl's day and Sabbath^school. - (Applaose.) The total amount of expenditure Was £4,920. >Then, on the other side of the account, there was entered donations and subscriptions, £918 8s. 3d. ; there was also ^taST" ~"* " '*"" *" in 'gnpftort pf cause-generaHyii (Applause.) .For the ;last ~four years the* .suui recefr^^mra^'<lMle3nvraS not less than £100 per Mnnm^^confinti^lappWtee)-akd- it ;shouldbe ;remem beredill -tbatwas for the forfhssb^iiigiSaaaajr. (Hear,lieari) - He i»wlnx>ne «fthe papers (tjie Begister) that -the-value of the; articles prepared and collected the iadiesfor that "fency. £ur " was fully £600,bttt&ecoiifessedie; could not-tell what amount ofjpro pertywould be exhibited jfor sale; nordid hethink.Miy one knew exafctiy the value «f the select andvaried 1>aigains with which they were 'prepared to- supply their customers. (Applause.) He believed the gopds in some-stalls ;fvouId vary in value from £50 to £200. (Greatapplause.) The amount received from Sunday's services was £143 16s. 64.; and he had great .pleasure in stating, .that 50 guineas more liad been handed inihat evening, by W. Ma'Guire, Esq., a gentleman who took a great interest, in the boilding,.aud had done much to forward it. There was a sam of £288 uncollected subscriptions. The account had been .care folly gone through that day, and the subscribers all ascertained to be good marks. . (A laugh.) There was no reason to fear that any portion of it would be withheld. £833 4s. 6d. was produced by. the sale, of Gawler-piace Chapel; it had been mortgaged for £500, but that was paid off, and they had the whole of . the purchase-money named, excepting perhaps the law expenses, the Amount of which be did not know, but be was certain they were jiot greater than usual. (A laugh.) The balance that-remained .un liquidated was £2,187 7s., bat he ,had everw^reason to believe that they would soon .recover the .miole of it. {Hear, hear.) They had the proceeds of the Tea-Meeting that took place that evening, and he had no doubt some friend would propose a collection before that meeting closedj for which they were all, he trusted, prepared, as he cer tainly was. Then would follow the Ladies' "Bazaar,, and the collections at the next Sunday's. services, from all of which they hoped to make at least £1,000. (Applause.) y The Rev.'Mr. Hull felt much pleasure in proposingjjjgy their notice the first resolution, which he would* react-: " That thi" meeting, oil the present interesting occasion, desires to record its grateful sense of the Divine Goodness in crowTiing the efforts of the Trustees and others -who have laboured in the erection of this new and beautiful chapel with such complete success, aad earnestly prays that the great objects contemplated in its erection may be fully realized in the conversion of sinners and the edifying of the body of Christ/7 The resolution appeared to him to strike the right key-note. It called upon the meeting to return thanks to Almighty God for the success of their undertaking, while it embodied principles of holy solicitude and Godly fear, lest by any means they should fall into a presumptuous pride. He sincerely trusted that God would bless'their undertaking. He was not aware that any circumstance of a schismatic nature had arisen among the brethren to cause feelings of regret, but all had seemed to join in the common cause, and their success as exhibited this-evening testified to their ultimate object-the conversion of sinners. He" ad mired Methodism in all its branches, and the numerous additions to their Church bore ample testimony to their in creasing prosperity. Jerusalem was the glory of Israel there ou Mouut Sion stood the Temple of Jehovah; and in proportion to the nighness of God to that their temple, so should they exert themselves .the more for His glory. It was not in proportion as they built temples, but as God's Presence was felt amongst thein, that they really attained the end they contemplated. It was iu vain that they con sumed the'midnight oil in prayer and watchfulness, while one sinner remained unsaved,'otherwise they would Jj3 but as sounding brass and tinkling cymbals. The Rev. John Gardner, in seconding the first resolution, spoke as follows:-Sir. Chairman-It is with no ordinary pleasure I rise to support, the resolution which has so clearly, so faithfully, and so eloquently been brought under the consideration of this meeting. The resolution, Sir, characterizes this as an interesting occasion, and, had we nothing beyond present appearances, it might well have been supposed that it must have been something of sur passing interest which brought together so large an as sembly-the largest by far 1 have seen since I left the shores of England. By the good hand of your God upon you, you were permitted to lay the foundation- stone of this edifice, and you are now privileged to see its successful completion. We read, Sir, that when the Jews had com pleted the buildin g of the Second Temple, some of the aged men who had seen the glory of the House wept, the Second Temple*presenting so sad a contrast to the first. But, Sir, with you the second has far exceeded the first in glory. On account of these things gratitude is due to God, who has been with you iu this vast undertaking. " Except the Lord build tlie house, they labour in vain that build it." But, Sir, it is not on the mere beauty of the building that our views must terminate, and hence the resolution directs our attention to the great objects contemplated on the erection of this building, the conversion of sinners, and the edifying of the body of Christ. It is, Sir, a privilege to have the Gospel coming to us in word-and this all will enjoy who come within these walls; but something more than this is needed. The Gospel must come in power, in the Holy Ghost, in much assurance. I trust, Sir, that it may often be said of this man and of that man that they have been born here. But, Sir, you are not of those who shut themselves up in their own enclosure, and who look not beyon i it. You are' not disposed to say, " The Temple of the Lord are we." Truly toe are the people, and wisdom shall die with us. You look upon others as forming a part of the body of Christ, and on this ground we can here meet as brothers, seut forth by the same Lord, on the same blessed errand, to proclaim to perishing siuners. the good tidings of salvation. I trust, Sir, that God will make this His hill, and the places around His hill a blessing, that He will cause the shower to come down in His season; that there will be showers of blessings; and while the dews of heaven rest upon the fleece in this house, may other places not be dry I I have great pleasure in supporting the resolution. G. M. Waterhouse, Esq., M.L.C., felt great pleasure in supporting the resolution. He could well imagine circum stances where they had uo guarantee as to the correctness of the doctrines to be taught, and where they had reason to "believe error and superstition would be disseminated, in which the erection of a new place of worship must be re garded with feelings of a mingled, if not positively painful character. 'But no such feelings characterized their emotions -met together as they were in a building, erected by the spontaneous offerings of the people, where they had every guarantee that could be reasonably required as to the cha racter of the doctrines to be be taught, and where they had reason to believe that with God's blessing hundreds would be brought to a knowledge of the truth. But if it was to the Christian mind a source of pleasure at all times to see fresh plans for Christian worship springing up, it was especially so when they saw such plans being erected in the early days of s colony. The character of a nation . de pended in a great measure upou the character of its founders, and to his mind they could have no safer guarantee of the. correct impulse to be given to the character of succeeding generations by those who precede them than when they saw them exerting theii influence in the erection of buildings such as that, where the truth, the whole truth, aad nothing but the truth, should be taught. But when he saw the array of speakers who were to follow him, he felt that it would be unpardonable in him, and far from welcome to them, were he to detain their attention longer by any fdr 1 ther remarks. He should, therefore, content himself .with merely supporting the resolution, which he assured them he did with the greatest pleasure. i The Rev. Geo. Storehouse said it was a good thing for men to do great things for G-oiL, for to the Lord they looked 1 for great things, and He had manifested His mercies towards them, because they had waited upon Him. As it was with the fathers, so it was with the children. As the Psalmist 1 prayed for prosperity^ so did they in the highest, noblest j sense of the word-the salvation of souls, and the diffusion of Christian principles, and Gospel truths" throughout the ! colony. He trusted that the building would prove a bles- ! sing as it was an ornament. He considered that the fair proportions and noble span of our sacred edifices- had a ! beneficial effect upon the human mind, aud he did not envy the feelings of him. who could enter the House of God without experiencing an~impression of solemnity "from the beauty of harmony and just proportions. Therefore, he considered that their worthy Chairman and able Trustees had flone well-(applause)-and he cordially responded to every sentiment uttered by previous speakers and contained in that resolution. They could not forsee the" great good that tfas to take its'source from that building, where old and yoang, rich arid poor, were to wait upon those sacred truths, which he trusted, under God's blessing, might'; prove auto them a well of < water springing into everlasting life. ' ? The Rev. Mr. Draper, in -putting the first resolution, ex pressed his acknowledgements to the meeting for the manner in which it had responded; to the appeal of the Rev. Mr. Stonehouse. He (the Chairman) had entertained some fear lest they might have been considered too elaborate in their embellishments; but he was glad to find that their endea vours 4iad baen appreciated, and he Assured them that to be told they- had donei wellVhad- removed;from his mind all apprehension on the scor<s of their existing" debt; The resolution*was o&nied; by a show of hands. ° ' The-Ghoir then sang with exceedingly good effect the -Collect,-Arranged as an Asithem, "Lordof all Powtir aud MiHfit" The Rev, William. Cox Currey, then reaii the second reso lution. - - ? -iii.-: ^ That this meeting expresses ? its sincere thankfulness to tU03e. friends who have contributed .towards tin*, erection of this Chapel particularly trt the ladies for their ztaloius auli valuable co-opcrAtiou and racogrtalng^tlife^iry serioaa responsibility still resting npon the -Trustees, anil the importance of having chapels free from pecuniary ;incumbrance, resolves to institute vigorous measures for ihe purpose of liquidatinc tlie entire debt at the earliest possible period." The resolution j ustread embraced several qbj acts, but there wa> orie to which he feltit was impossible to do justice. When the jesnlutiOn wAs placed in his funds but a fchorttimb ago, "he j j .asked'one of Ms friends to what particular subject-he should have to allude, and wap told he would only bare to iuvite.aq the HvbH^'^1^3® ©n^^tiwttu l^^iba tt>lcels'' t>rat6" th§^omffteiS0tr3if^f^iriedifli^t^^ tribdted, and maay;lte^lie?6<t tothe .utmost'extent of their .ability. For "the la^es, w^t stouW he say ? They liait not Onlycontributeibytheir.sewing and indoor exertions, biit jtheyhad goheroond afflpresBedmatiyihat wiere lukewarm into actual service. He had seen a littXe here and ^little there, but they would have an opportunity to-morrow of judg ing of the amount of their labours, when the many splendid produiiionB would feoffered.to theirjchoiee. The resolution in * his handalso embodied an expression of sympathy to the Trustees, and they had reason to do this, for great had been . their responsibility. Their society required increased acco modation, and they had obtainedit through theihdefatigable exertions of these gentlemen. - He held In his hand a return to the Government in 1S50, of the different denominations of Christians, and itwas not with a spirit ofboastfulness, butra therofjoy,that he drew the attention of the meeting to this re- : port. He was always gladjto hear of the prosperity of any sect, for he knew that many .who would not go. to hear one par- ? ticular minister would still attend the worship of God under another denomination. At one time the W<esleyan;Society ? nutnbsred 300 rnore than their chapels could accomodate, and he therefore' considered they "were bound to sympathize ! with those who.had endured much-responsibility,in order to I give them their present 'increased accomodation. It was | imperative upon.us that when individuals landed on these shores they should not be allowed .to lose all spiritual in fluence. Shipboard was of itself most injurious to the interest: of religion- it might indeed be said to be the grave of piety. J He knew of a person newly arrived who had asked for a j Methodist Chapel, but no one could tell him where to find it. The old chapel had been concealed by the surrounding build ings, but now the present chapel was discernible from afar jff. In 1850 the -Church of: England had 17 places of worship adapted to contain ;3,438 peisons, with an average coin-, gregation of. 2,282. TheChurch of Scotland five places of j worship, adapted to'coatiin'l,2S5 p'rsoasi with an average | l<^|grogati°n of 597. The Cburoh of Rome 6 places of I ^B-ship, adapted to contain 1,710 persons, with an average j congregation of 939. The Wesleyan body had 1-4 places of ] worship, adapted to contain 3,550, -with an attendance, in cluding private places of worship, of 3,805. The impres sion to be derived from this return was, that if the ] Wesleyans had 13 more attendants they would then be j equal in number to the Churches of England, Scotland, and ! Eorae united. During the past three months many had j been taught to feel the influence of Divine truth, sinners j have been converted^ and he could testify of. his own ex perience that in Mount Barker, Willunga, and many othei places where converts had bean made, that the power of the Lord had been with them, and that the Divine assist ance had been manifested. Were not many here tins night living proofs of <3-od's Presence among them? They were called upon by the resolution to take vigorous measures to liquidate their debt. , No objection had been made to. the Trustees incurring this debt, and he hoped that they would put their hands into their pockets; they must all go to the Bazaar and vigorously put chase as well as induce' others ! to go. . That building had been likened to a magnificient | draper's shop, and the ladies had used -every endeavour to provide articles to stock it; therefore! he trusted many there would not disappoint them, but would purchase largely. He could not conclnde without expressing his individual sympathy towards the Chairman and Trustees; he felt glad to have'been a witness of their triumph, and he trusted that they might henceforth experience the Glory of God in that house. G. F. Angas, Esq., M.L.C. felt the deepest interest and intense solicitude in their undertaking. He had particu larly directed his endeavours to the furtherance of Wes leyanisni, and* he cordially agreed with the spirit of the j resolution, which was full of sentiments of gratitude to those interested in the building of that Chapel. When he contrastedjtheir present position unto what it was sixteen years ago, he saw no cause to weep, but mncli cause for I heartfelt rejoidtug. Then they had only temples to the evil one, but now they had many to the Living God; and he did give God thanks for what his eyes had seen and his ears had heard. They ought to be thankful for present privileges and for the possession of the Word. It ought to be a source of gratitude that they had those who could i lead them iu the right way, and that they had places of j worship where the various sects could in^et ana stretch forth the right hand of fellowship. (Applause.) When he thought of the pilgrim fathers of America, and dwelt upon the hardships they had to endure and the privations they encountered iu defence of their religion, from which those present and their families had bi'-en entirely free, his heart and their hearts ought to overflow with gratitude to the Giver of all Good for so many mercies." He trusted that they would press forward, they had made a powerful de monstration, and he felt sure when he should be at rest in the grave with other grey-haired men .of this colony that their children would support what they had so ably fought for. He would not detain them longer; but he assured ; thein, though he did not belong to their body, yet he felt deep and grateful pleasure in their success. He din not see why men could not entertaiu different opinions and at the same time meet as they hid done that evening. (Ap plause.) The Gospel Path was broad enough to allow all to work for the conversion of souls, and whatever of good they had received from their fatherland let them all join in preserving, while they cast away what was bad. The Bev. Mr. Egglestou could not think of making a speech at so late an hour, though on no occasion had he experienced greater pleasure in meeting so many friends. It was somewhat strange to propose a vote of thanks, in which oneself was necessarily included, and as almost every one present had contributed towards the undertaking, they all were certainly'1 entitled to a vote of special thanks. Their Trustees had acted in a most praiseworthy manner, and he hoped that all present would put their bauds into their pockets and bring forth the salt wherewith to season til ;ir new property. Let them give unto the Lord, for He had bestowed largely upon them. He did not wish it in ferred that they were to give solely because the Lord luid given. No ! it was their boundeo duty to give at all times, and he assured them that the Lord had many ways of re paying the loan. He did not see anything to frighten the Trustees, as he had no doubt but- that a practical vote of thanks, together with the proceeds from the forthcoming Bazaar and contributions from other sources, would place the Building Fund in competent circumstances. In Hobart Town it had been thought of vital importance to free a Chapel from a debt of £3,800, and it was accomplished. While the debt existed the Society numbered 199 attendants, but when the debt was paid off their * number was I increased to 403. Now, if in Van Diemen'3 Land | the sum ©f £3,800 could be paid off, surely there could be no difficulty in removing a debt of I £2,000 here. Allusion had been "made to the subject of j interest which in this colony was calculated at 12\ percent He had made a calculation which proved that iu ten years, time unless their present debt was removed the amount of interest would amount to nearly £2,800, Was this to be the case ? Was the enormous sum of £2,800 to be paid for interest, and their original debt still to remain unpaid ? Let it at once be paid off, and then the seat rents would goto the support of the ministry. He would ask,'were they only to have one such building as this ? It had been said of him, that his mind was of the " go-a-head " character; he certainly allowed himself to be most sanguine, yet he little expected to have witnessed such a triumph over difficulties as was ex emplified in that erection; aud if he was to give his opinion of that meeting he would say they partook also of the go-a head principle. Already preparations had been made for the addition of a gallery. He had heard of a good method for removing this debt, and though he had not the talent of a financer, yet he would endeavour to dispose of this debt: suppose he was to put it up t~> auction. (Laughter.) They f might lau ;h, but debts were sometimes bought. He really i thought he must have a kind of Dutch auction; any one could bid according to their' ability, and their bid might be paid quarterly, and by this means before tbe'enlof 1852 they might look upon their beautiful chapel as free from all in cumbrance. He should have no hesitation in proposing this i system to their notice, for it was in a good cause. Now wjio woud bid for the debt-£50 from Mr. Ma'Guire, fol I lowed by £10 from Messrs Maly. Fisher, and several others. The Rev. Gentleman proceeded-with his mock auction until the sum of £500 was raised by nominal subscriptions, when from the lateness of the hour, and in order to conclude the business of -the meeting, the Rev. Gentleman most unwil lingly laid down his hammer, having conducted the pr ncess amid general laughter and frequent applause. I The Rev. Mr. Lowe thought it too late an hour to detain them, much longer. He could not, however, propose the resolution entrusted to him without expressing his best wishes for their- welfare, and his deep sympathy in the common cause. The rev. -gentleman here read the reso lution as follows: "That this meeting earnestly calls upon the Office-Bearers aud i .Members of the Church to "cultivate .a. deep sense ot their personal and collective responsibility iii reference tn the objects contemplated j in"til: erection of this Chape!, and td co-npar&te; with the Ministers i in all well directed efforts for' the extension of the- Bedeqmei's ' Kingdom." ' : ? ' ' He played-fthat: the blessings of the Almighty might 1 descend upon that buildiug, for it mattered little-how.j splendid were their, worldly temple*, unless they were i regarded as supplyiug one meaus of hastening^ the blessed ! time when the knowledge of the Lord might cover the | earth as the waters coyer the channel of "the great deep. He fervently hoped that that building might prove ?the birthplace of many imtnortal souls, that the Peace of j the Most High might dwell within her 'walls, and that I the House of the Lord their Grid all present would seek her good. - h Mr. Watts, owing to the lateness of the hour, briefly j seconded the resolution, which was put from the chiir, and I carried nnaijimo^sly.. , Mr." Colton theu: read the fourth resolution: -' ?" Thut the very Cordial Thanks of this meeting are due t>> the Bev. John Eggleston, for Tut) zealous regard for .the interests of this Chapel, in coming froiqSydh®?*0 assiatat the Opening Services, «i>3 lor Ms.j ^K^-a%raat^wtan^^^iti^b^oawoa^^EK^i^^34fflW^ iwu^t£el^jrimi^derivfed;i&njaMl;^^^^ 'he,: wpSi iuiil'Ius jfeMfed-ffiit]vibeijg^tleisiaallnti^^ have a prosperous and speedy passage rfcaek; to bSfl-'honae -andj&mlyi-;''-. .. Mr. Anthony Forater had fcnoyw^w|^. Mr. E^lestoii for tea years. He iooki^ ujioa ,'.ttu^ii^*;one wiip : preached. as if the conversion ofli&e;, hi? single energies. He wassurel^iaJaU 'jM^"nt."wbu& bear testimony to the kind nuzmer.'-in itwc^ the B®?- ^r Jsggleston,'Mr. Gardner, and many p&gts-bad.come; for ward to assist them. '...^ .:." '.,' '/? .. ?The resolution was earnedbyacclaijaalioii.' : The Bey. Mr. Eggleston brieflyretoirned thanks.^ It was rety pleasant to Bethanked for what was initself'a privilege. He assored them that heshould never: 'lose, fhe ; interest lie felt in South Australia,aind when he. ie turned ! home; as he hoped, with recrnited beklth, hS should -still be present with them in the spirit. It would be his privilege to be a'lowei tojweep with'them&nd; to rejoice with them, and he should indeed be ashamed of his ]aam>w-h&arted; views, coiild he £o otherwise than he had done to advance. the etitire ci"«3 of religion. ' Dr. Bades said he . should content himself with reading the resolutVfl placed in his hands. He should have wished to make a few remarks, bat must refrain, from the lateness of the hour- . - " That that haafcs of this meeting be presented to Mr. Allen, the i Leader of the Choir, and the Singers who are associated with,him, for their valuable and delightful assistance in connection -with'the Opening Services of this ChapcL" Mr. CoUon secoadei the resolution, which tenninated the I secular business'of the evening. The Doxology was then song, after which the Kev. D. J. Draper offered-up an appropriate prayer. The meeting men separated, while the Choir gave the HaUelajah Chorus with precision and good effect. ^ The organ, at which Mr'Maguire presided, is fall and rich ; in tone, and is heard to advantage in a building so well j adapted to sound. The gross amount of subscriptions; donations, &c.;, &c.;, at the elose of the meeting wasas; follows By amount collected at last Sunday's Services £144 0 0 By amount from Tea Meeting, that" evening 45 0 0 By amount of Collections ditto ditto .... ... 17 5 6 By amount of Subscriptions, .per Dutch » I Auction - ... ... - ... 500 0 0 Total ...- ... J... ...£706 * 5 6 