EPITOME OF HOME NEWS. Wo have news through the Melbourne papers to the 6tb January. The roost interesting topie is still, and probably will continue to be for some time, the discussion and proceedings on what our Protestant friends coolly designate the ' Papal .Aggression.' On the 28th December a deputation from the Ca tholic noblemen and gentlemen waited upon the Car dinal Archbishop of Westminster, at his residence in Golden-square, to present him with an address expressive of tbeir gratitude for the part His Emi nence had taken in regard to the Hierarchy, and aBSur ing him that whilst yeilding to none in loyalty and attachment to their sovereign, they were ready to share with His Eminence the odium that had been excited, to assert as Englishmen their right to the free exercise of their religion, and as Catholics to stand fast by the See of Peter. The address was signed by the Earl of Newburgh, Viscount South well, Lord Stourton, Lord Vaux of Harrowden. Lord Petre, Lord Arundel, Lord Dormer, Lord Stafford, Lord Clifford, Lord Lovat, the Hons. Thomas A. Stonor, William Siourton, Charles Langdale, Georjre Mostyn, Simon Fraser, Franc-is Stonor, Albert H. Petre, William Stafford Jerrlng ham, Charles Thomas Clifford, Henry Hugh Clif ford, George Fraser, 9ir Edward Doughty, Bart., Sir Charles Walacley, Bart., Sir Edward Biount, and ten other Baronets of ancient name ; Mr. Sergeant Shee, and some fifteen or twenty barrisfers-at-law ; P. H. Howard, M.P., and all the distinguished Ca tholic country gentlemen in England and Wales, Sec. One of the Melbourne journals mentions that the [tapers from England teem with accounts of conver sions from the ranks of tne Puseyitea, but no names are mentioned. It appears that Mr. Bennett has been prevailed upon by his parishioners to recal his resignation, and that her Majesty's Bishop of Lon don has consequently taken measures to eject him. In alt other rt-spects the country wore its usual Christmas aspect. The Queen was keeping the feast at Windsor, »nd Lord John Russell and the other Ministers were entertaining their friends at their respective seats. A circular however had been sent to the Irish peers who support the policy of the present Government requesting their attendance at the opening of the ensuing session. This is sup posed to have reference to the Catholic question, bur nothing hus as yet transpired as to the course the Minister's purpose ro adopt. The Morning Herald (us a ridiculous article about a compromise on ihe part of the Holy See, but supported as His H iliness is by the Catholic body in England and Ireland, it is not at all likely that he will yield to any Protestant pressure. Except among tho hot-headed leaders of the anti-Roman party there seems to be little expec tation of any re-enactment of penal la*s. The utmost that is 1 keiy to.be done is the rendering of the Catholic titles illegal, in which case the Bishops will have no difficulty in evading the law when it suits their conv nience to do so, and ignoring it in their ordinary dealings with their people. There is little foreign newa. The only items worth noticing are, the passage of the Prussian frontier by the federal troops to put an end to the revolt in Schleswig Holstein,and the sentence of M. Allais to fine and imprisonment for concocting a story of a plot against the President of the French Republic. INTERESTING DISCOVERY NEAR ALNWICK - A few days ago, as some country men were ploughing a field at Hawkhill, the plough share struck a large flat stone, which, on being removed, turned out to be the covering of a rude stone coffin, formed by unhewn slabs of stone set on end. An urn was found within, imbedded in the soil, which had penetrated into the original cavity in the laps of centuries. Five coffins have been laid open, in one of which another urn of smaller dimensions and rude construction was found. In the coffins where the urns were found there were no bones; but the others were filled with bones mixed with soil. The largest coffin measures about five feet six inches in length, three feet in breadth, and three feet and a half in depth. The bottom was flagged, and the top covered with a flat stone nearly six-feet square, which seems to have been brought from the sea shore. The smallest coffin is not more than 18 inches by 12. They are of various sizes and laid in no uniform direction. The urns are made of baked clay; the larger one seemingly traced by a " nerling " tool, and the other rudely herring-boned with a sort of chisel. His Grace the Duke of Northumberland and Sir Gardener Wilkinson ( who has been on a visit to his Graces at Alnwick Castle ) examined the place a day or two ago, as well as several other individuals. Mr. Crisp, the able and hospitable gentleman on whose farm these interesting relics of ancient times have been discove- ed, has afforded every facility for inspecting them, and spared no trouble to gratify the intelligent curiosity of his neighbours and others. They are placed on the highest part of a ridge of land called the Shell Laws, immediately in front of the Lesbury station of the York. Newcastle, and Berwick Railway, and a few yards from it. An urn, similar in appear- ance to those mentioned above, was lately found when making the excavations for the Alnwick branch, and a dart head, which some have imagined to be a stilus; but this can scarcely he, as the stilus was an instrument resembling a pencil in size and shape, one end being sharpened to a point, and the other flat end circular. The Forkigners' Sanitary Protection Asso ciation. — The general ieeling enteitained on the subject of the health of London at the ensuing Exhi bition, and the favourable reception with which the objects of the society now established have baen entertained by all parties, render it desirable that such measures should be adopted as proposed ; and, from what we learn of the proceedings as far as they have gone, there is no doubt but that much good must result to the public and the intending visitors, from the proposed arrangements. Considering the present number of dwellings in London and its suburbs — taking them at 260,000 houses, and avera, ging the population over two millions— it would give us about four persons to the house: taking then, the supposed arrival next season at a low estimate, at one million, it will clearly appear to all that some such steps as are now proposed should be adopted, else the consequence may be very serious indeed to all England, as well as London. It is not to be sup posed that many will appropriate their present pri vate dwellings to any public purpose, beyond the extention of hospitality to personal friends; then where are we to,have the requisite healthful accomo dation, especially for Orientals, who require more than Europeans in this respect, and whose habits are so opposite, and are most likely to suffer on aecount of the sea voyage, and after arrival in this country P Illustrated News. A Loss to Akt. — A lamentable disaster happened in the Vatican gallery at Rome, during the last stormy weather. One of the most interesting and beautiful vases ia the whole collection waB found dashed into a thousand fragments upon the marble pavement by the ciistode who went round the sculpture gallery, eoroe days ago after a very windy night. This vase, of extraordinary size, was formed of cotognion alabaster, and was the identioal one con taining tue ashes of the sons of German icus, or, according to antiquarians of Augustus himself.which wes fonnd in tue vicinity of the mausoleum of Augustus. It was placed upon a pedtsal near a large window, not far from the Cleopitr a: and it is supposed that the violence of the wind burst open the windows, and blew the heavy curtains about with such force as to dasli the vase, which was not properly secured by a p:vot underneath, to the floor, shivering it into such an infinite number of pieces that that there is scarcely any hope of i s ever being restored to its pristine shape. Tho best person to effect such a task would undoubtedly be the restorer of the celebrated Portland vase ; and the Cavalier Fabri, the director of {he Vatican museum, would do well to consign the frail fragments of alabaster to this udicious handling. G'rcbltt to a Servant. — Mr. George Sloane tf| a special pleader, has been fully committed to take his § trial at the Old Bailey, for ill-usin^r and starving his | servant. Jane Wellbred, a parish servant. The | populace weie much excited against the defendant, I and it was with much difficulty, and by some *| manwuvering on the part of the police, that be was. | saved from falling a vicum to the passionB of the mob j Steam ro thb Cape.— The Bosphnrns, screw- j propelled siearn— h'p sailed for the C ipe of Good i Hope on the 1 8m Dec, and was to touch at Ma- i ileir*. Cape de verds, and Sierra Leone. By advices I received from the Cape, on the 10th inst., it appears that she h-td reached her destination in Bafety, on the 26ih January, having accomplished the total distance, including all stoppages and delays, wuhin the 40 d»ys. She proceeded on her return voyage on the 2nd February, with a mail, including de spatches from Sir Harry Smith to the British govern ment, and also carried a cirgn of colonial produce. Tue Duke of Aiums on Thb Odtgrt.— He declared that the present was a battle of principle; that the Tractarians proceed on the Roman Catholic dogma, that the word of God must be interpreted by the Church, and was, therefore, hostile to the great Protestant doctrine of the exclu sive authority of the word of God. He contended therefore, that the Tractarians and the Roman Catholics were identical in principle. His Grace observed that the opposition in England to the papal claims was founded cheifly on their being a violation of the Queen's supremacy; but her supremacy was considered more as a political than a religious idea, and a3 a vindication of every nation to determine its own faith, was to be upheld, as it involves the right of every individual to perfect freedom of conscience. His Grace repudiated the Bishop of London's doctrine, that the aggression of the Church of Rome Bhould be resisted because there should be one set of clergy to a geographical district, thus making the Church of Christ rest on a body of clergymen, and putting a stop to all missionary proceedings for the improvement of rival faiths. His Grace thought the Bishop of London had rather betrayed the cause of the Church, t*y advising the people not to listen to the Oratorians — implying that the foundations of the faith of the English Church were not secure. He concluded a speecU that will probably have some influence on the question by referring to Dr. Wiseman ; and declaring in the name of the Protestantism of Scotland, that he was as confident of victory as the Doctor. Catholic Chapels and Missions in England and Wales. -In the year 1830 the number of Ca tholic chapels and missions in England and Wales amounted to 382. There are now 583 — being an increase of 201 within the past ten years. The number of chapels distributed throughout the English j counties, with the increase which has taken place ; during the past ten years, up to the present time, will ; be seen from tbe following statement : — Bedfordshire ? contains 1 chapel, increase 0 ; Berkshire 5, increase ', 0 ; Buckinghamshire 5, increase 4 ; Cambridgeshire i 3. increase 2 ; Cheshire 17 increase 9 , Cornwall 10, ! increase 8 {Cumberland 9, increase 5 ; Derbyshire j 12, increase 4 ; Devonshire 9, increase 0 ; Dorsetshire j 10, increase 4; Durham 19, increase 6 ; Essex 9, ! increase 3 ; Gloucestershire 14, increase 9 ; Harop j shiie 14, increase 2 ; Herefordshire 4, increase 1 ; ; Hertfordshire 4, increase 3 ; Kent 14, increase 8 ; : Lancashire 112, increase 27; Leicestershire 14, in crease 7 ; Lincolnshire 12, increase 1 ; Middlesex, , 37, increase 17 ; Monmouthshire 8, increase 3.; Nor folk 8, increase 0 ; Northamptonshire 5, increase 2 ; Nottinghamshire 3, increase 0 ; Northumberland 22, increase 3 ; Oxfordshire 8, increase 0 ; Shropshire 1 1 , increase 4 . Somersetshire 13, increase 5; Stafford shire 34, increase 12 ; Suffolk 6, increase 1 ; Surry 15, increase 12 ; Sussex 8, increase 2 ; Warwickshire 24, increase 12 ; Westmoreland 2, increase 0 ; Wilt shire 4, increase 1 ; Worcestershire 11, increase 3 ; Yorkshire 61, increase 14; Isle of man 2, increase 1 ; Guernsey 1, increase 0 ; Jersey 2, increase 1 ; in Alderny a r,ew chapel has been ended, the only one in tbe island. In Wales there are 10 chapels, being an increase of only 4 throughout the principality during the past ten years. Ia London alone (where there are now 26 chapels) there has been an increase of 12 during the same period. Out of the 27 new chapels in Lancashire, 7 have been erected in Liver pool, and 4 in Manchester. The Ministers and the Catholic Question — We understand that there is still a consjdreable diversity of opinion in the Cabinet, relative to tbe course whica ought to be adopted with regard to the aggressions of the Pope. The Premier, Lord Palroerston, and the Marquis of Lansdowne are said to be in favour of resorting to energetic measures, so as to prevent the possibility of any similar presumption, on the part of the Pope, on a future occasion j wliile the Earl of Clarendon, Earl Grey, Sir Charles Wood, and Sir George Grey are said to be in favour of non-interference. It is right, however, to add, that the differences existing in the Cabinet on the question are understood to be partly patched up for the present. A tacit understanding has been come to, that no member of the ministry will take any step which could endanger the existence of the cabinet until after the meeting of Parliament. The rumour, there/ore, is groundless, which had some currency and credit in the clubs, to the effect that a break up of the ministry was on the eve of occuiing.— London Advertiser) Deo. 31. RtCENT Conversions.— Viscount Campden, whose conversion was recorded a few weeks ago, is the eldest son of the Earl of Gainsborough, and nephew to the Hon. and Revs. Gerard and Baptist Nowel. — Lady Camptlen, who has also been received into tbe Church, is thedaugbt.r of the Earl and Countess of Errol, and grand daughter of William IV. — Lord Nigel Kennedy, another noble convert, is a brother of the Marquis of Ailsa. We observe that a Barou Constantino de Schoetzeer, son of one of the principal bankers of AugBburg, has also embraced the Catholic faith, and purposes fo take Holy Orders. Cardinal Wiseman.— His Eminence the Arch bishop of Westminster has received autograph let ters of congratulation from the King of Naples, and the Queens of Spain and Portugal, beaides those from tbe other potentates who have been mentioned in a former publication. '^u^rWmbit.'— 'At'St. Bir'naWas.ah extract from J&^lSwm™'* Mary. cap 18. has ; been nested on a notice-board outside, to the effect that Jeons willingly and of purpose mal.ciously o\ contemptuously coming into »«V .cathedral, par'sh church, chapel, or other congregate perm ited. and disquieting and disturbing the same, or molesting any :ea2her or preacher, shall suiT«r the p»in and pen iltv of £20. On Sunday Mr. Bennett, wbo ias ? 'is own condS, not for .hit of Ins brother at the great dav which is coming. He concluded thus according to the Morning Chronicle:-' Let me ?beseech you by the bowels of mercy, by theentra^.ea of love, by the voice of the Shepherd, pause a little, reflect a little, before you add any accumulation to vour sins, which are now, God knows, heavy enough. If I could but save one soul in this hour of temp tation and trial, it would be a reward, an ample reward to me, for all the tears and sufferings which God may bring upon me. Now, even now, your thoughts, your words, your standing here or standing there, the tone of your' voice, the compression of jour | lips, your frown of wrath, your sneer of contempt,, your smile of love, yrur stamp of defiance, or your submission of peace, your obstinacy in resisting the Holy Ghost, or your soft and gentle yielding to the hotter mood of his gracious and generous influence —all this, at this very instant, while I preacn anu you hear, is being recorded, God looking on ; it is all pouring out quick and fast, sure and hill, into one of the scales of the even-handed and eternal Judge of all the earth. Now the scale moves -it is poised -it begins to sink-it is inclined-it weighs down. 'Whither does its index pnint ? Is it to your con demnation ? Oh.no! It is not- it muit not be so ! You have conquered the devil, oh, Christian brother, you have gained the victory, the scale is in your favour, and your soul is saved !' A viable effect (says the Chronicle) was produced on the con gregation by this solemn appeal, assisted by the preacher's impressive dignity of manner and chastened fervour of tone. The sermon was listened to with ?breathless attention. At the conclusion the offertory was read. As the congregation retired the organ played slowly ' God save the Queen.' At the door I a riotous mob saluted persons coming out of the church with hissos, jeers, and cries of ' No Popery.' Catholic Letter-carriers. — 1 he following let ter has been received by the rector of Rugby, in answer to a memorial addressed to Lord Clanricarde, respecting the recent appointed of a Roman Catholic 1 tter-carrier :— ' General Post-Office, Nov. 5, 1850\. Sir,— -I am directed by Lord Clanricarde to acknowledge the receipt of the memorial relating to the appointment of letter-carriers in the town and neighbourhood of Rugby, to which yours is the first signature. The memorialists are in error in sup posing that the power of making any such appoint ment has been vested- in Captain Hibbert. It is true that Lord Clanricarde has appointed letter carriers in or near to Rugby who were recommended to him by that gentleman ; but Lord Clanricarde is responsible for tho3Q appointments, and if an im r-,-nr,or rumination has been made, or if anv of those letter-carriers have been guilty of misconduct, he is prepared to pay immediate attention to any well founded complaint thereupon. An insinuation against the character of some letter-carrier is, indeed, made in the memorial, and Lord Clanricarde is reluctant to suppose such an insinuation could be made with out good grounds by such highly respectable persons as have attached their names to it. But, even if the individual pointed at were named by him, Lord Cianricarde would not remove any roan from an employment, or throw a slur upon his character, without specifying the crimes or vices, and the grounds upon which they were imputed to him. The only distinct objection made to the persons ap pointed letter carriers at Rugby is- that they are Roman Catholics. Religious opinions, however, are happily no longer a qualification or disqualification for ordinary employment in the public service. Lord Clanricarde believes there are various deno minations of Christians residing in. and about Rugby, but he cannot imagine it offensive to any one tbat a letter-carrier of another persuasion should deliver lottoiMi As the signature of the Head Master o Rugby ifi affixed to the memorial, Lord Clanricarde desires to make no comment upon the danger ap prehended to that establishment from the proselyti aing powers of the carrier who may deliver letters at the school. But if, by opportunities of disseminating tenets, it is meant to imply the disseminating of tracts, the memorialists may be glad to know that a letter-carrier who distributes any paper which has not gone regularly through the Poat-Office is subject to immediate dismissal. — I have the honour to be, with great respect, Sir, your most obedient servant, A. M. Blake. An Addrkss from the Parishioners of St. Paul's, Knightsbridge, to the Bishop of London, has been prepared, and is yet lying for signature, which eapresse3 in strong terms their satisfaction and gratitude at the labours of Mr. Bennett. They say that, by his exertions, a complete change has been effected in the neighbourhood, and many persons brought into the fold of Christ. They are indignant at the treatment Mr. Bennett has received in his church ft om strangers, and they declare that they arc bewildered and amazed at the report, that, as the result of hii successful labours, he is to be re moved from his ministry over them on the ground that his teaching ia unfaithful to the Church. They announce their unshaken confidence in him, and entreat the Bishop not to deprive them of his ministry This address was prepared before the blow was struck ; and the congregation will now probably follow Mr. Bennett, a*?™-:: ? ? ? ? .-??' Clock for The Great Exhibition.— An in genious art.zan of Dudley is at preaent engaged In constructing a very curious clock, which is intended or the G eat Exhibition of 1851, its chief peculiarity being the length of time it runs without winding. The clock occupies in standing only eight superficial inches, the motive power is only 28 b ami yet he machinery is so nicely constructed, that it w,l I take 426 days to run it down ; consequently he second hand will make 613 440 revolutions, and the balance 147 225,600 vibrations in the above time. The London Union.— The London Union on Church MUtershas just issued a paper of ?? sug ttutinns for the future proceedings of the Union and itsMembars,' which.after ^''^sX for the that ' it is uieless to rely on the State for the protection of the church, or to look to temporal rulers for the defence of the Faith,' and eiting .event, o the last two or three years, more espec.a ly in support of the proposition, proceeds to argue that, 'under these circumstances it is evident that the Church must cease to rely upon traditions of Government which are inapplicable to present circumstances, but, on the contrary, must look to her own members for active and efficient support. The support must be theresultofunitedcounselandun.tedacnon' With this view, it has been resolved :- That, with a view to a more united action of Clwohmen, it a desirable that the London Union should enlarge the -;.-k«. «» it. members throughout the country, and diffuse among them, and obtain from them infor mation on an subject, connected with the purpoys for which the Union has been formed ;' and also, ?? That it is desireable to carry out to a greater extent the plan of the London Union, by electing upon its committee persons f.om different dioceses whom the commit.ee may suppose to possess the ? fl^.,™ nf f'hnrchmen in their neighbourhood. The committee hope, when strenthened, that the Union may give important help to members of either House of Miament. who de3ire to use their power and abilities in the defence of the Church, and also that the grievances of the Church may be presented to the Crown and the Legislature m their true aspect, by addresses and petitions. Extraordinary Dwarfs.— At Boston, in the United States, two extraordinary human curiosities are-no* on exhibition. They consist of a boy and o-irl of an almost extinct race of Central America. Thev have been well described as the most outer looking objects ever brought to this country. The boy is 32 inches in height, and weighs 16 Ihs.. and in the opinion of eminent medical authority is about ten years old. The girl is 28 inches in height, weighs 14 lbs., and is believed to be about 8 years of age. Their heads are not larger than a new-born infant s, and they may be almost said to be destitute of fore i heads, while their noses are finely developed, straight, and long, and ptoject at a well flennea _ angle, inur heads are covered with strong dark hair which des cends forward nearly to the eyebrows j the face very sharp, the upper lip projecting, and the chin receding in a corresponding degree. They are said to belong to the surviving remnant of an ancient order of priesthood, called ?? Kaanas,' which, by constant. intermarriage with their own cast, has dwindled down to a few individuals, diminutive in stature and imbecile in intellect. Their heads and faces re semble exactly the figures in the .bas-rehers. on the temple ruins described in Stephens's 'Centra America.' These children are lively,- playful, and affectionate ; but all attempts to teach them a word »fi?,,»i;.i, i,3oi- Mkhprtn nroved unsuccessful. They {j\ £j,\ fa: 1 13 1' «» * ** li«u**» *»w|*-—--- — -- . -i can only inter a few gibberish sounds. In the course of a visit to their rooms, a medical friend held out his watch to the boy, when he instantly placed his ear in contact with it, as if to listen to its ticking ; and at one time, as he turned affectionately towards little girl among the visitors, another gentleman told the girl to ?? kiss him,' when he immediately placed himself in attitude and protruded his face ; the chiid, however, withdrew frightened,, and the gentleman held his cheek to him, when he instantly approached and greeted him with a kiss. They both —but particularly the boy— have a regard for their | ' keeper,' and at all times readily recognise him as he calls them by name. It is not improbable that these children will be carried to England shortly for exhibition. Santiago and Valparaiso.— A writer of an article in ODe of the California papers speaks thus of the relation of these two cities : 'Thirty years ago a resident of Valparaiso came to Santiago, to have hooks made for the doors of a house he was building. At that period there were no smiths in Valparaiso. It is not yet twelve years since the Central Custom House was transferred to Valparaiso from Santiago. The business of all the provinces waa transacted at Santiago, the merchants betaking themselves to the capital. The native manufactures of blanketts, sad- J die-cloths, cutlery ,etc, gave employment exclusively to shops in Santiago, until very lately. However, during the last ten years, Valparaiso has come to be the centre of the republic. Thither the resources of the provinces betake themselves now, to oe exenangeu for European merchandise : thither proceed the merchants from the other side of the Andes ; there are established the great storehouses of foreign com merce ; and the larger workshops and the smaller, little by little, have emigrated thither in search of custom. The old established houses have gone on diminishing the employment of their funds in San tiago, closing their offices or removing them to the port : indeed it is not a long time since they pro posed to withdraw their agencies, even from Santiago altogether. The same writer speaking; on the subject of a candidate for President at the next election, adds, that ' the best candidate for Santiago will be a raslroad for which we will give our vote.' Again he adds, 'There are those who claim that the capital should be changed to Valparaiso, a point which time alone will settle.' Bat it w:tl in no wise remedy the J condition of Santiago for such a movement would be only doing what armies do in forced marches— aban- don the wounded, the sick and the weary— leaving them to perish. 