A CHALLENGE 3 0 LORD JOHN RUSSKLL. (From the Tablet.) The present week provides us with such a wonderful variety of materials on the great controversy by which- the English mind is at present inflamed, that it is hard to make any selection. In this calm, sequestered retreat on the banks of the LifFey enjoying the re nnaa n? flm f4r\lflpn AirP. nnrl with nnlv n wholesale emigrant-shipment., a few thou sand evictions, an occasional county meeting, or the excitement of an election contest, to ripple the smooth surface of the river of life, we look down, not so much with amazement as with unfeigned pity, and, no inconsiderable satisfaction, upon the mad pranks and bed lamite contortions of the Protestant public of England. We say with satisfaction, because it is now too obvious to be denied or doubted, that, by the special management and at the special instance of our very dear friends and kind benefactors, the Whigs, there is to be a re uewal of the penal laws. The Almighty is kinder to us than we1 are to ourselves. The game of treacherous friendship played by the Whigs was beginning to thaw our virtue, and rcelt us into mere slaves of temporal au thority. A vast proportion of ub had begun to believe in the Whigs; in their honesty, ia their candour, in their fair dealing, in their good intentions, in their respect for a religion which every man of them periodically bias* ??: phemes, according to the Act in that case made and provided, and in the purity and unsuspecting simplicity of their zeal for our interests. To this incredible credulity we owe the Bequests Act, the Godless Colleges, / toe. dangerous symptoms which attend the management of the Education -grant in Eng wncjj.and the unhappy divisions which have I »pl« up the.guarciians of the Church in Ire i iand.into two parlies— those who were willing, | and those who were unwilling, to trust the i , '''osf I hese divisions must now, we \ laiaginej beat an end. It is now placed i ,*cud a doubt that the Whigs .are, hs we i s wayasaitf they were, our bitterest enemies; \ «»« as in private, so now in public, they hate ana .revile us; that they flatter us only to De'ay; that with a vile deceit they have 'wned upon u.3 in the hope of luring us to WBtruction ; and that in their inmost hearts ?ey loathe the free exercise of our leligion, Jim by force, if not by craft, are resolved to .'er ?nd control it. So long as all these Pl0«8 intentions fought only in ambush, we Reacted their effects ; but the hostility being w open,, and the intention to put fetters P°n us avowed, u-e heartily thank God for the folly of our enemies, and look with serene delight upon the drunken orgies of our Eng lish ' separated brethren' — the spiritual Helots who, in brutish degradation, reel to and fro, pouring out alternately their hic coughs and their blasphemies, to teach us what we should avoid, and whom we should not t'olow. Such rulers, backed by such a people, must be too strong for the stomachs of the most sycophantic. That we are to have' the penal laws aga'pi, or some portion of them, seems absolutely certain ; and we are delighted beyond mea sure that we are to have this booa from the Whigs. We have always distrus ed that vile faction — they have now put the seal upon our loathing and abhorrence. The Examiner, which is one of the advo cates ot that new penal law which we shall hail as a blessing if it relieves us from the curse of Whig friendship; places this whole question in a perfectly clear light by the use of an illustration not quite so new as ap posite : — ' But why are you angry ?' coolly asks the Car dinal. Let him, in his Cardinal's costume, feathered like a flamingo by warrant from the Flaminian Gate, walk into a field in which a bull is pasturing, and ask the beast why it is angered at the sight of the scarlet. The Pope has shaken in our faces a sign of offence. He has insulted two-thirds of the nation by treating them as non-existing, or not worth being taken into account, and claiming authority over all baptised souls, implying the denial of Christianity in all not baptised within the Romish pale. The illustration is to the last degree ex quisite, and we accept the argument founded upon it. Dr. Wiseman has brought his Cardinal's dress into the presence of a fero cious beast of brutish instincts, ungovernable passions, and a nature unamenable to the higher law of morality. The sight of an emblem of the true religion makes it as mad and furious as the sight of scarlet makes a savage bull ; and the infuriated nation can give as much reason for its actions as*can the infuriated beast. The answer of the Ji/xami ner was anticipated long since by Sliylock, from whom our excellent contemporary may be thought to have borrowed it on this oc casion :— Some men there are love not a gaping pig ; Some, that are mad if they behold a cat ; And other*, when the bag-pipe sings i* the nose ; , ior affectation, Master of passion, sways it to the mood Oi what it likes or loathes. Now for yonr an? swer. As there is no firm reason to be rendered Why be pannot abide a gaping pig ; Way he, a harmless necessary cat ; Why he, a woollen bag^pipe; or why a bull '* is angered at the sight of scarlet :' So can I give no reason, nor I will not, More than a lodg'd hate and a certain loathing 1 bear Antonio, that 1 follow thus A losing suit against him. This is certainly a very frank admission. The furious beast of English Protestantism has no reason to render for its rage. It roars, not because it is hurt, or robbed, or wounded, or injured in any way, but because its nerves, like those of a four-legged mon ster, are outraged by a piece of scarlet. We are content with the admission that this is the real truth. Our contemporaries are very cautiously feeling the way for their parents in office on the subject of penal lav-s. They all profess toleration, of course, and in the fullest sense. God forbid that the sacred Protestant princi. pie of toleration should ever be violated. Anybody who publicly and honestly declaims against universal toleration, is publicly and hypocritically rebuked. But then a line must be drawn somewhere. Spiritual and temporal func-ions must be accurately discriminated. The spiritual must be left untouched in their fullest extent ; but the temporal are subject to the control of law, and may be curtailed or limited by the jealous discretion of the Legislature. For the Pope to appoint a Bishop, and to give him spiritual jurisdiction over an English city — these things are allowable. . But to name his Bishopric from the English city over which he is aiiowed to exercise jurisdic tion, is an insolence not to be endured ; and if no law exists to forbid such a proceeding, a new law must be made to accomplish so desirable an object. This determination is stated with the greatest frankness and auda city in Thursday's Times ;—* ?'Let not then Dr. UllHihorne put his trust in his ability to defy persecution, but rather .in the notori ous fact, that from peraecution in this Ijappy island he has nothing to fear. Equal civil rights to all ol hiB faith, the freedom to teach what doctrines and perform what ceremonies he will, will be secured to him by the generosity of the nation which he has foully libelled : but from that species of what he calls persecution, which consists in vindicating our Crown from the insults of a foreign prince, in free ing the diocese of our Church from the intrusion of unauthorised rangers, and in wiping off from our land the reproach of yielding to foreign influence, which the very signature of his manifesto conveys— from such so« called persecution as this we warn him he is not secure j the stake, the rack, the dagger, we leave to those ?' infallible' hands which, having once employed them, are bound to maintain the continual lawfulness of their employment; but we will not suffer our toleration to be misconstrued into indif ference, or the spirit and genius of our constitution to be frittered away by a^res-sion, which treats liberality as supineneas. Let Dr. Ullathorne imagine, if be can, on the faith of hist ny, which he dare not quote, that the foundations of his Episcopal chair will only be consolidated by the interference of the State. We tell him that the days of his Episcopate are numbered, that it is not because his appointment has been adroitly made during the recess of Parlia ment, that he is in the enjoyment of that seat the foundations of which he droims are eternal, and that, though it be not in the power of our Legislature to prevent him from having been the first Roman Ca tholic Bishop of Birmingham, it will most assuredly be their will, and be completely in their power, to provide that he shall be the last.' With the most perfect alacrity we accept the issue thus laid down, and with all our souls we hops that such a statute may be enacted as the Times describes, Our first reason for this hope is, that the authors of Liiu aui win uuu, vrti^ii biicj imvi; uuoocu n, 'that they have committed as great a blunder as their political predecessors committed ft) prosecuting Sacheverell. They will have made fools of themselves. They will have engaged in a contest of which— notwith- standing the present madness — the chances are against them. They will have entered on a policy which they cannot carry out ; which will become more unpopuW every month of its duration ; and which will most certainly end in their discomfiture. They will make friends for the Chnrch by making its children the objects of a law which every li«i-Y\fin lioinry nnt nrifmill \t inenna Irnnu'a tn be unreasonable, and unjust; and they will find that in the long run it will raise up against them an unpopularity, if not as furious as the present fanaticism, far deeper and far more permanent. Desiring, as we do, the ruin, disgrace, and degradation of the Whig faction, because we believe them to be — with some exceptions — treacherous, dis honest, and unserviceable politicians, we trust they may take, at the very commence ment of the session, such steps as will most effectually accomplish these objects. We shall rejoice in the penal laws, in the second place, because both in England and in Ireland they will irrevocably detach from the Whigs every Catholic of name, mark, or influence ; every Catholic, indeed, except some reputed Deist like Lord Beaumont, or some ' pious fool ' like another distin guished individual who shall be nameless. Even before those penal laws have been brought to light, the very letter of Lord John Russell's, in which they were first sug pested. has produced this effect in a very remarkable degree, A paragraph in Car dinal Wiseman's 'Appeal' indicates this result in a very remarkable way, and proves that what was wanting to settle the question of the 'Godless' in the Pope's Rescripts and the Canons of Thurles hds been supplied by the stupid bigotry of the Whig Pre mier :— SEC. V.— HAS THE MODB OF ESTABLISHING THS HIERARCHY BEEN ' INSOLENT AND INSIDIOUS?' 'Thewoids in this title are extracted from the too memorable letter of the First Lord of the Trea sury. I am willing to consider that production as a private act, and not as any manifesto' of the inten tion of her Majesty's Government. Unfortunately, it is difficult to abstract one- mind from the high and lesponsible situation of the writer, or consider him as unpledged by anything that he puts forth. ' There are parts of the letter on which I would here refrain from commenting, because they might lead me aside, in sorrow, if not in anger, from the drier path of n.y pressent duty. I will leave it to others, therefore, to dwell upon many portionsotthatletter.uuoniue Closing paragraph in particular, which pronounces a sentence so awfully unjust as it was uncalled for. on the reli gion of so many millions of her Majesty's mtljectB, nearly all Ireland, and some of our most flourishing colonies.' The charge uttered, in the ear of that island, in which all guarantees for genuine and pure Catholic edue ticn wblof necessity be considered, in future, as guarantees for ??confining the intellect and enslaving the soul,' all securities for the Catho- j Ho religion as security for the ' mummeries of su perstition,1' in the mind of their giver- guarantees and securities which can hardly be believed to be heartily ollered -the charge thus made, in a voice that has been applauded by the protestantism of England produces in.the Catholic heart a lee-ling top sickly and too deadening for indignation ; a dismal despair, at finding that, where we have honoured, and supported, and followed for years, we may be spurned and cast oil tba first moment that popularity demands us as its price, or bigotry as its victim.' Now that Lord J. Russell has written, none but a foal or a traitor will dare to raise his voice against the Pope's condem nation of the Queen's Colleges,, or in favour, .; of guarantees, established by Lord John. Russell, expressly to prevent t.he Catho lic Church ' confining the intellect and enslaving the soul. '% Henceforward not . a word can be said in th.i'iv behalf,. Not a. breath can be uttered in the defence. .of the , intentions of theit founders. Not Qardinal Wiseman alone, but every o.ther Catholic ' Prelate and Pritst who, heretofore, in the simplicity of his heart, has believed and trusted the Whigs, has, and must have the same ' dismal despair,' the same feeling, , ' too sickening and too deadening for indigr nation,' to find that where they 'have honoured, and supported, and followed (or years,' they ' may be spurned and cast off the first moment that popularity demands us, as its price, or bigotry as its victim.' The unanimity which we fondly expected from the authority of the Supreme Pontiff, and the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, has beet), brought about by the subtle inspirations .of that great but fallen spirit, whom Dr. John? son declares to be ' the first Whig,' and ; by the furious hostility of that small but elevated man, whom the whole world re- , cognises as the last. The Alpha and Omega r\F lYI1ifTfr01.tr tV\o l^ovil anc\ T.nrd .Tnhn. have thus, by the mere threat of coerciop, t achieved the happiest consequences for the Catholic Church. They have completed Lord Clarendon's defeat, and blasted, for a generation at least, the ' organised hypor crisy ' of which they are the representatives. If they have done so much by the mere threat of penal laws, what may we not hope them to accotnp'ish by the laws themselves? What unanimity ! What concord ! What enterprising and energetic activity J What Aafofanna I W'Visifc *»ntir£» And hpurf.V aceeC tation of the decisions of the Holy See ! What resolute separations from Whiggery, with all its temptations and allurements' What new health aud vigour to the Church of God and the Hierarchy of its rulers! Not in jest, therefore, or in brayado, but in the most sober and prosaic earnestness, we repeat our perfect willingness — not, of course, to take a part in enacting penal laws — but that penal laws should be thrust upoa us by force. A little persecution will be ex tremely serviceable to the Church ; and as the Times insolently intimates that the Whigs will pass a law to prevent Dr. Ulta thorne having a successor in the See of Bir-r mingham, we here intimate — not insolently, but resolutely — that so foolish a law, if it should ever be passed, will never ke obeyed. We should like to see the draft of such a document, compiled amidst the druukan orgies of Lords Campbell and Truro. It would be a curiosity in its way. ^ hat would it say ? What would it forbid ? What would it command ? The Times admits that Dr. Ullathorne ia really Bishop of Birminham. But Bishop by what act? By the Pope's Bull. A se cond Bishop can be made by the same inr strument. If the Legislature, therefore, would prevent the appointment of a succes-r sor to Dr. Ullathorne, it must forbid tho Pope lo issue Bulls appointing his successor. There is no other way to do the job iu a workmanlike manner. But will the Legislature forbid Dr. Ul lathorne's successor to receive the Bull con taining his appointment to the vacant see ? I his would, indeed, be something. But where they are to find ecclesiastics who will obey such a foolish law, we confess our* selves rather- at a loss. In spite of these silly fanatics and their Act of Parliament the Pope will fill up vacant sees; Priests will accept the spiritual honour ; laymen will ad mit their rule and pay them reverence ; and any Act^of Parliament -'that ''forbids these things wHl be treated, not with respect or submission, but with the most absolute con tempt and the most resolute disobedience. No human being will obey it, The Legis lature, in the plenitude of its folly, may affix fine aud imprisonment as the penalty of contumacy. — and what then 1 Fine and imprisonment would extinguish a dozen Anglican Churches and a dozen Anglican Sacraments — if there were so many. The fear of a little pecuniary loss has already put down one Anglican Sacra ment, and blotted from the Anglican furmt Jaries what a large portion of Anglican Cler gymen believe to be the necessary doctrine of redemption, tJpon ihen wlio, from the merest worldly motives, can play fast and loose with baptismal regeneration, fine and imprisonment may, and of course would, Nave considerable effect. £or less than fine and imprisonment they are content to aban don one whole sacrament; and as the sacra ment of baptism is worth more in their eyes than a hundred Bishoprics — leaving Ihe tem poralities out of aceount-^a very small fine would be sufficient to keep Anglican Clergy men within the letter of the law, and to an nihilate any number of Bishoprics that may be desired. But Catholic Priests are made of sterner stuff. With them the authority and the doctrines of the Church are not a mere farce* a 'toy, a plaything, a pretence believed on the authority of an Act of Par liament, and renounced or accepted on the totes of the civil tribunals. They are ac customed to obey God rather than men, and they have no soft of notion that they could better their condition by forsaking the 8fir?ice of the Almighty, and donning the livery of ' the last Whig.]' Any such law as the Times describes will be disobeyed* We, for instance, if it con cerns us, if it commands us to do anything, ' or if it forbids us to do anything, hereby declare and protest that instead of doing what it commands, or refraining from what it prohibits, we shall refrain from what it commands, and do what it prohibits, with the most exemplary contempt and ostenta tious publicity. Fine and imprisonment ! Thank God, there are few Catholics who cannot look these small inconveniences in the face with very great composure, indeed. An AngMcan, whose notion of religion ^s that itis an emana tion of human law, and who worships by Act of Parliament, and receives or refuses grace Under the Parliamentary authority of the Court of Arches, naturally finds it difficult '-' to discover any duty or conscience which shall drive him into rebellion against his parchment God. But with other religions it is very different ; and we are persuaded that English Lawyers, Ministers, and Legis lators are not sufficiently aware of this im portant fact. The Presbyterian, for instance, therefore, believes in a Divine revelation, a Church higher than the Jaw, an authority higher than the State, a spiritual essence over which neither Queen, nor Lords, nor Commons, nor all of them together, can attain the: mys- tery. Acting upon this belief, hundreds of ministers and cougregations really quitted the Law Kirk,- with all its emoluments, and covered Presbyterian Scotland with the Meeting houses of the Free Kirk. 1 he Ca tholics are of the self-same metal, carried to a higher temper. They, too* believe in a Divine Revelation, the origin. 6t which is neither the Qneen's Chancery nor the Im perial Parliament. They* too,- believe, strange as it may seem to an Anglican, that God is greater than man i that Heaven is mightier than money; that the judgment seat of God is more potent than Lord Camp bell ; and that fine and imprisonment in the next world are more serious matters, than fine and imprisonment in this. This novel doctrine we commend most Seriously to the attention of the Anglican lawyers, who are exerting themselves in this behalf. Though they, no doubt, think otherwise, they are very great fools in med dling with matters absolutely beyond their competence or powers of mind. Let them Btick to what they understand ; to ejectments and actions on the case, and demurrers, and bills of discovery. Perhaps if they try such an Act of Parliament as the Times threatens, it may operate in the way of a Bill of Discovery ; it may lead them to dis cover, their own tolly, their own presumption, acd their own impotence. It will riot be obeyed, but it will cover them witffshame, and plunge their Master in the mud. 