! no. i.xwti. i .tuu.- 1?. re a. . Nor the least interesting rliarm .eri-ue i of tit' fry - ml Palace i - . that all ranks and licgrcc- of our countrymen are Iroia day to day moving iiero— it, like slide- I nerd- . the niiigie bilithoni. la-Iota; the reduction in the prices of iidmis-nm, you | saw few except carriage visitatns. and ! then vou might overhear an oeec-ional I ge.itb uian of n turn for uppraidng ! people's rqqurel and append:; :e- as they I stood, speenlnting a< to what mi ;li! be I tho value of all the p -opb-'s clothe', i watches, and jew. lb ry. at any one : Ulolllelit covered with this gla-sroof. | As a most extraordinary a--cnibla of | cultivated people, elegantly dre al i women, and Weil dr. s-'ed m u, this fir-t : a pp .irauje of the Crystal l'alaee coin- ' t ..in v was. no doubt, ib-. i.lv int- resting. Jlnt the changes which the shilling charge lias broil tilt are, at least, of equal interest. First, the tliou-.iud- of the middling of trade-man eln.-- ma le their appearance ; next, the art i I' ll: s : and, ye-t.'iabiv. as well as thi- day, in defiance of bad weather, we bad ninny hundred.- of agriculturist-, farmers, and labourers, the latter mostly in siimel; frocks. I eon-id. red that a few minuti s were not unpiotitaMy spent in watching the c.c.intrv countenances a- tlmy entered a: either side of tin- transept. The open j lroe.i;.!-, tin- dilated eye-, the confounded and bewildered condition of many of ! tli simple beings, nt the sight of such ! an unexpected, undreamt -of universe of | art ami i'eaiity, afforded a rich treat to I the town-men. What wa.- the -Late of these rural minds, the face- — not usually I t i strongly marked with intelligence — i v. " i e probably a fair iiul-x. Some of tile.-- agriculturists bad mentally ! -wooiied off into a kind of > e-tasy, and. j a- tle v recovered, you might plainly trace " their new birth" into the beau- 11,111. AlHIlt Utllllik'it'U lll.'UUl ill i.tjlt astonishment : to some few, perhaps, ns Kent.- says — " A thin;" of Ivniitv i- a j.v fir rsci I but the mo-t distinct sign ofo-oining-to in others, was the tibicrity with which, a- they recovered their senses, they ru-lied from such things as the Greek Nlave, to the a jrietiltural implement-. Ho L ih-rpi-v tin-in for that '? Certainly um. 11 1GHUI.U V 1 111 L lllt'N MI'Mim hi ik for the new in tlnoe things with which they were most familiar, iu-t a- an intelligent attorney might run over — not entirely witlmut interest — a ( .'hinese " bill of costs." lint ladies aud gentlemen, traders, Iirti7ain-, and agriculturists, are not all the sample of Briti-li character now _ '-Ill \ .1. - . - - i' !».. JiTO nil-HUH' IH'IB dill UP' U.MG. ill no mean-". Tie' other day tlieevisof the ortlnsloxlv pious might have re-ted with compl.aceii.-y Upon the respectable i.anetimoniou- couuteuancc. the shovel liat, the black silk apron, and sleek superficies of one ufJKngland'o Bishop". At least yoli would have called him a bishop, a- I did. How contemplative — how stiidiou — how very lunch attracted to those interesting objects which drew tlielarge-t eriovds of respectable-looking British eiirio-ity together. A nm-! observant ami philosophical bishop— so much so, that an admiring 'crgennt of I'oliee dodges him about, in and out, ! quite f.irciuatcd by the sight of this ! delightful ecclesiastic. Presently, the rx rg.-unt walks up to the right reverend, and says, " My lord, good morning." How curious Hi. lord-hip starts at this civil addro-s, us old Hamlet's ghost might have done at the first iniff of morning air. "My lord," continues the Sergeant, " I think I have had the honour of seeing your lordship before. It" vdiir 1riTr!«!mi IIBA tui Yi-rv itrisint business lie re, just at present, I will trouble your lordship to come with mo into the open air. It will agree ls-iter with vou than thin place." So saying, our Sergeant, in bantering mood, to the astonishment of ft few, hut to the amueoment of most of us, leads forth this meek bishop, who withdraws from his investigations without a murmur, " Who'd have thought it," cries one ; " such a respectable-looking vagabond too! The Bishop of Loudon hinifelf never looked the bishop better." "What i fellows those detectives are," fays ano- j tlier. " Disguiises won't go down with them." On another occasion, a French j pickpocket w as taken into custody, ; quite a gentleman in appearance, I was told, by one who taw hint, but a Piiiisiaii ' policeman bore down up ui ldm, and ' claimed Ilia countryman as tin old oc- ; quaintftnea. What harvest would the light-fingered fraternity havo hod, hut for ths piekinl polks of evory country in Europe, wandering nbotit over every part of this vnt building, mid in evei y vnniely of disguise, countermining the arts of the thieves, by nit even liner than their own. I Nlill I'our in the addition- to this overwhelming sight. How vain is it to attempt at present, any systematic or arranged notice of the iufiiiiteiv vuriou- ohjeefs. The catalogues arc as yet all masses of confusion, nnd but ot little u.-e. The daily articles in the newspa pers, are merely desultory and di-coii- iiccted notices of such things as seem 'most to strike the individual writers. Our time is consumed iu gratifying the eve, and the complete means of ehi-.-ifi- eation are tint yet at hand. Even in thi-, the sixth we ek. all is still excite ment. Sobriety and calm dwelling up on partieul.ii parts are lieee- sary lor the composition ot a good catalogue, and nobody vet seems to be calm enough to studv any one thing with patience. A few papers back, I told you how far from completion were tlic i reneh, nnd yet how rapidly were they comple ting. 1 again visited their portion of the gallery to-day. and was astoiii.-liid nt tli,> i-. p.-aoniiii.-s. exolli-ito taste. IIUll infinitely various beauty of their Lyon- cse manufactures. The de-igns, colours, fttid texture of the -ilksoi the Sjiilatb lds trophy are no doubt very fine, but tin y do not stand a compari-nti with the French works. The I.y.iiie-e indeed, FOcm to have attained perfection in their silk- and phi- he". Alter Lyo:i«. other eountries. a,- Au-trin, Belgium, 1'ru-sia, Ac., look only re: peetable in aueli lab- lie-. In irbc.'s. lioweve-r. Gimoa and Turin, are at least quite equal to Fram e. The crimson, green, pein ,-. claret -colour ed. cerulean, and bloom -of - plum - coloured. (I really know not what el.»e to call it) velvets of ('hiehir.nhi, of Ge noa, I do not believe will ever K> stir- pa- ed by human art. Gr.ilbit and Go., of I urin and Genoa, have u!-o a beautiful production of this kind, strip - of ilnwor nattcrneil white laee. alternated with. or let in upon (a- one continuous fabric) a ground of dad: blue velvet of the richest pi'e. lean imagine what a seusatiiui n dress of this kind would create nt Government House. Since my last visit to the French, they have c/uno out also very strong in painted glass windows for churches. Their lace too, is very gocd ; ond if I may mention such things to you. as to a confessional I would say that I never saw ladies' .'Lays in perfection until I saw these l'arisiau stays. No gussets, or bucks, c r bones, or any of the old abominations, n.s hard nud inflexible at park palings ; no, all as soft ai d rounded as the wearers. What n number of imaginative men, and critical women, paused before tlcsc wonderful stays. .Same few old ladies considered tins improper, as 1 thought, and passed on io matters more abstract. An abundance of these may be seeti in close proximity with the above. Wc are c-rtainly a pretty set of follows, to talk so complacently as wc often do — in the depth of our insulated conceit — about the l-rench being a light and frivolous people. Look at the ehetnie tl» of France — lookjat her agricultural itn- tdements, aud chemical appliances, for the soil; her machines lor washing cleansing, and combing wool, aud the tujow white samples washed therewith. Then. I euuld never tire over their hy draulic, acoustic, and optical inventions, — tt eir noctogrephs, or instrument fur writing in the dark ; their rotatory air pumps ; hydrometers, and their various models of electromotive power. Nor must 1 forget their alimentary preserve iti French cooking — Mo.-es Jo-cph at tend! — their gclatino and nlimcutary pastes. I pass quickly by their surgical instrument s, for amputations, cataracts, trepanning, aud lithotrity, fi,r 1 never can look upon such thing.-— exquisitely seiontifio a they are — witlmut fo ling them go through mo in every direction. 1 protest to you, ) was obliged 'o take a tniii ann ui g-t their Suits, viulins, bugles. French horns, and pianos, some if which latter "ere in full play, before I could effectually get those cutting ani probing horrors out of me. Such a world wide renown have onr G alii ; neighb mrs acquired, iti clocks, wal die, cnndol.il-ia, and clcgMit jewellery, and fancy wo 1: of every do fccriptieii, that it m-cui- rdm-st Mtper- lie om. to refer t > them in it deparlim iit in which they confe.-si'illy tiiumph over all the rest of the (!hrvtal Palao. I ps.ss, therefore, their tuarquetric, their iurniture, a ni their " dotr little boat and tboce." (ft I heard a In ly call sundry ret in Ciudcrelln-Uoking tluti;,) aud shall in tny t ext mo-e especially dwell up-on an impdanl French inveti- lion, which must soon bo of great boncfit to all tho nations of tho earth. 