THE CHURCH DISPUTES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE * SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE.' Sir—It must be pleasing to all the righuhearted among your readers, whether connected with the Church of England or not, to observe the disinterested part you have taken in regard to the recent movements of Bishop Shorty and his learned brethren the bishops of the neighbouring provinces and islands. ' In some things, it inay be, the bishops may have been misunderstood— Bishop Short in particular. Many seem to think that in teaching and enforcing the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration Bishop Short is teaching some new thing—something inconsistent with the standards of the Church of England, and peculiar only to Heniy of Exeter and his followers. This, however, is a mistake. Baptismal Regeneration has always been a doctrine of the standards of the Church of England, In the opening portion of the Baptismal Service it is said—* Dearly beloved, I beseech you to call upon God the Father, through our Lord J«os Christ, that of his bounteous mercy he will grant to this child that thing which by nature he cannot have; that he may be baptised with water and the Holy Ghost, and received into Christ's holy Church, and be made a lively member of the same.' Is the second prayer which follows we find these words—* We call upon thee for this infant, lhat he, coming to thy Holy Baptism, may receive remission of his sins by spiritual regeneration.' ID the next prayer H is said— 1 Give thy Holy Spirit to this infant that he may be born again, and be made an heir of everlasting salvation.' In the prayer immediately preceding the sprinkling of the water, it is said— * Regard, we beseech thee, the supplications of thy congregatioui sanctify this water to the mystical washing away of stn, and grant that this child, now to be baptised therein, may receive the i'uiiiess of thy grace, and ever remain in the number of thy faithful and elect chjldreil.' In his Majesty's declaration prefixed to the Articles of the Church of England these words wiil be found—* That no man hereafter shall either print or preach, to draw the article aside any way, but shall submit to it in the plain and full meaning thereof, aud shall not put his own sense or comment to be the meaning of the article, but shall take it in the literal and grammatical sense.' Bearing, then, in remembrance the acknowledged supremacy of the Sovereign in 'all matters civil as well as ecclesiastical,' »ve would come to this conclusion that in the * plain and full meaning,' in the 'literal and grammatical sense of the foregoing quotations, * Baptismal Regeneration is the blessing sought in the administration of the ordinance of baptism in the Church of England— whether public or private—aud that, until recently, every minister was bound, morally aud legally, to tike and to uphold this view, and was not at liberty * to make his own comment to be the meaning." Advancing another step in our investigation, we shall see that the blessing sought—even Baptismal Regeneration—is declared to be obtained. After baptism the priest says, among other things— i Seeing now, deariv beloved brethren, that this child is regenerate, and ! grafted into the body of Christ's Church.* Again—' We j yield thee, hearty thanks, most merciful Father, that it hath I pleased thee to regenerate this child with thy Holy Spirit, to ! receive him for thine own child by adoption, and to incorporate him into thy holy Church.' .In the exhortation which I follows, the baptised only are represented as; being under an obligation to die from sin, and to qse again unto righteous- j ness;' and in the note at the el.ise of .the service, it is said— j 4 It is certain by God's love ihat children which are ; baptised, dying before thevcommit actual sin, are undoubtedly : saved.' ! Taking again these quotations in their * plain and full meaning, in their literal and grammatical sense/ it is im- ! possible to deny or to evade the conclusion — that Spritual Regeneration in baptism is the blessing assumed to be given, and for which thanks are returned to Almighty God. Ad- • vanciug another step in our inquiry, we come to the Church ; Catechism, question second and answer—* Who gave you j lhat name ? My Godfathers and Godmothers in my baptism, j wherein I was made a member of Christ, the child of God, ! and an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven.' In its * plain aud full meaning,' in its literal aud grammatical sense,' j this language can be applied to nothing else than to Spiritual j Regeneration. This view is confirmed by the answer to the ; tourth question—* Dost thou not think,' &c.; and the answer I is * Yes, verily, and by God's help so I will. And I heartily thank our heavcuiy Father that he hath called me to this state of salvation through Jesus Christ our Saviour. And 1 pray unto God to give me his grace that I may continue in the same unto my life s end.' In one sense all are called to a state of salvation, but ail do not partake of salvation ; and unless there be a reception of salvation there can be no continuance iu the sume for any period, and much less unto life's end. Taking then this language in the' plain and full meaning, in the literal and grammatical sense,' it can only apply to Spiritual Regeneration. We now proceed t« the ' Order of Confirmation*; and there in the first prayer iead by the bishop we find these words:—« Almighty and everlasting God, who hast vouchsafed to regenerate these thy servants by water, and by the Holy Ghost, and hast giveu unto them forgiveness of all their sins,' &c.; So soon as confirmed, ail these * servants* may be admitted to the holy communion, and then each is thus addressed on receiving the elements of bread and wine— ' Take eat this iu remembrance that Christ died for thee. Drink this in remembrance that Christ died for thee*—the language being that of plain personal-appropriation. In its 4 piain mid full meaning, in its literal and gramatical sense,' such language can only be used in refereuce to those who are partakers of spiritual regeneration. To confirm these wiews, we would last of all refer to the 16th Article of the Church of England—* Of Sin after Baptism." It is said—* After we have received the Holy Ghost, we may depart from grace given, and fali into sin; and by the grace of God we may arise again, and amend our lives.' We have thus proved that it is a mistake to suppose that Baptismal Regeneration is not the doctrine of the standards of the Church of England. Had the bishops met at Sydney then been speaking of the standards as they were and are, as teaching the doctrine of Baptisnial Regeneration, we apprehend that no one connected with the Church of Eugland, and knowing her constitution and standard*, could justly have found fauit with them. We have said— knowing her constitution and standards'—for uuhappily there are too many connected with the various Churches possessing standards who have paid so little attention to these as not to know what thev—the standards— teach, or what they do not teach. It was not to be pre. sumed, however, that this would be the case with Bishop • Short or with his brother Bishops in other provinces and islands. Appointed aud consecrated, as these Bishops were, f o r the express purpose of stating, illustrating, and deleudiug the doctrines, of regulating the worship, and the administration of the ordinances of God's house, and for exercising discipline, so far as it could be exercised with a constitution so peculiar and in circumstances so singular as those in which the Church of England is placed—it would be an unpardonable breach of charity—even of that charity which thinketh ; no evil—to suppose that the bishops met iu Sydney Colonial though they were, did not know what the Church taught! Had these learned doctors ever disagreed, <ve might have been at a loss to know who were to deride. But there was no disagreement. A separate statement indeed was made by one described by a writer in an Adelaide paper the other day, as the 'ever to be honored Melbourne'; but it was in no respect different in its conclusion from that to which the other bishops bad arrived with half the trouble ; and some of the statements oi propositions were at once lame, contradictory, and unscriptural, as we shall be able to show when we come to review the * Minutes'—not inaptly called by Mr Woodcock the * Obnoxious Minutes.' In writing on this point, we have also hone-tly to confess that we looked upon it as a sad breach of charity on the part of the South Australian, in a leading article, to declare that Bishop Short had made a statement at Sydney on the subject of Baptismal Regeneration * wide as the poles asunder' from the statement he made at North Adelaide, when delivering his Visitation Charge. At North Adelaide, the Bishop is repotted as having said 4 that he did not mean by Regeneration the Spiritual Regeneration of which Calvin speaks, which is effected by the Spirit coming irresistably and indisputably; but a gift of God, whereby the child of wrath is capacitated through the remission of sin, and enabled spiritually to enter upon newness of life; and in this sen>e he agreed with one at • whose feet he was brought up, bis relation, the Bishop of St Asaph. Now, while we confess that we have a profound respect for Calvin or for any such able theologian, and while we might also have a respect for the Bishop of St Asaph, did we know anything of him as a theologian of note ; or even had we had the pleasure of sitting with him, not at his feet —for we are in no way ambitious of sitting at the feet of any man, relative or otherwise—while we confess so much as this, we deem it peculiarly unfortunate, iu a case of this kind, to appeal to the teaching of the Church in the first instance, and in the second to Calvin and the Bishop of St Asaph. We would have expected an appeal to the unerring Word of God—not in any vague way, but by a distinct reference to chapter and verse. We could easily have known, from the avowed sentiments of the Bishop of South Australia, that the relationship between him and Calvin was not very close; and as for the relationship subsisting between him and die Bishop of St Asaph, we might fairly have been left to discover it from some other source than a Visitation Charge. But let-us turn to the statements said to be * wide as the poles asunder ' We hold these statements to be not only virtually but really ajid substantially the same. In the Sydney statement Baptismal Regeneration is on the surface—he that runs may read it In the North Adelaide statement a thin veil is attempted to be thrown over it ; not in consequence of the Church meeting of the previous day, foi the Bishop expressly tells this, and in the absence of all evidence to the contrary we are bound to believe the statement), but the veil is so thin that we never dreamt that any one would fail to see through it. In the Visitation statement * the child is capacitated through the remission of sin, and enabled spiritually to enter upon newness of life.* Capacity, as a noun, means of potver, ability, state, room, &c.;—so to capacitate must surely mean to confer the power, the ability, the state. We would liave come to this conclusion, had the Bishop paused with the word capacitated, and not told us anything of the way or means by which this was done. The Bishop, however, has, in this instance, been so far frank, aiid has shown that he was unwilling purposely to deceive; ' He has said, * capacitated through the remission of sin, and enabled spiritually to enter upon newness of life.' Iu Baptism, according to this statement, thete is the remission of sin ; aud the ability conferred, spiritually to enter upon newness of life. For ourselves we prefer the Sydney statement as being more explicit, more precise, and as less like an attempt to disguise a real kdie£ Bui still in regard to the point at issue,' the j ; j statements are precisely, the same. Supple we ivere to sa\ that by partaking of breakfast, or of dinner, a man ntvived strength for the labours to which h- was t-;i kd—it would not be saying anything else, were to >cty thai by taking pari of these meals, a man was capacitated th!Q'.!»h fqjd for thv labours to which he was called, and was enabled therebi physically to enter upon these. In connection, however, with the Visitation statements, we have to ask Bishop Short if wc are to infer, from his reference to Calvin, that hit that is, Calvin. held the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration : and if we are to infer this, we have to a>k the Bishop to prove it from the writings of Calvin. We have.said lhat baptismal regeneration is a doctrine of the standards of the Church of Eng'and, and we have proved this point by ample quotations.. A dc -isiun, however, has been lately given in the Gorhain ca--e by which the standard* have been considerably affected. The question in regard to Baptismal Regeneration is now left open. Ail may hold it, or not, just as they please. This, by Bishop Short, and such as hold his views, may be deemed an infringement on the standards—but be it so—it is done by parties ha vine full au thority in that behalf; and it is therefore very imptsident on the part of the Bishop to complain. • Nay, «c hold that the late decision should have been to Bishop Short and others a matter of rejoicing. lie knew very well that few, if any, of'the evangelical clergymen in the Church of England held the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration ; and J that, in {jiving their views on baptism, tfi<>y were constrain tjj to leave the standards, ar.d appeal exclusively U> the Bib'e. They felt this to be a painful state trt matters, and Dr M 'Neiie of I Liverpool, at the time, threw oat the suggestion that all the objfctiojuible passages in the various services «.f the Church should be placed within brackets, that tender consciences mi^ht b: relieved. Souse of the clergy, too, were in the habit of employing others, less scrupulous, to baptisr ; chi dren, and to bury the dead of suspicious character. No doubt they might have"been relieved by withdrawing from the discharge of iiiiiiisterial duties: fes to withdraw from the ' ministry, or ra'her lay aside the., miiiinteriui status, it would appear from a recent case, not to be possible in connection with the Church of Iiliig'and. To give up aii for conscience sake was, however, too hard a Ics-on to be it-anted by the evangelicals, even although it bad been taught them by the puritans in England, and by the Free Churchmen in Scotland. The good men the evangelicals, for we must admit j that many of them were most devoted men, preferred acting on the advice of the Town-clerk of Ephesus— 4 to be quiet, and do nothing rashly.' And by so waiting, their time of partial deliverance has come. Their consciences are now to ^ a great eitent relieved, and it is well that th -u great prudence, their self-denying silence, has been so unpectedly rewarded. Another advantage of this decision in the Gorham case is, that the evangelicals will be freed from the aniioyaace of being ever told by the Pusevites that they did not honestly adhere to the standards of their { lurch. They will also be free from the ill-suppressed insinuations, the undisguised avowals, of the dissenters thst, while the views of the evangelicals on baptism were right in the abstract, they could not consistently hoid these, and remain iu connection with the Church of England. It is so, however, no longer. The evangelicals can now, morally, and legally, leave the literal and grammatical sense, and can put upon the baptism bervice a meaning of their own. It is at this point that any fault can be found with Bishop Short and his brother bishops. They are behind the age on this matter. They would enforce .what the highest legal and ecclesiastical authorities have left in abeyance. Here then it is matter of congratulation, that there were gentlemen in Adelaide, Episcopalians— men of high moral and religious principle—men, too, we would say. with all due deference to the moral phi'osophy of the Governor—of high moral courage ; men who dared to stand forward in defence of the truth, and iu the vindication of their own rights and the rights of their brethren. To this subject, howevei, we return in our next A LOVER OF TRUTH. 