'J SELECT POETRY. THE LAMENT OF THE MAN IN BRASS [FROM PUNCH.] "-The: poto'hecr'youordered'shere," the nimble policy, said r "It comes from round the corner; they've drawed it with an 'read a ' ' And here's a pipe, if you would like to moisten of your clay, But they said, without the money I mustn't ' ยก Borne away." He lingered on the threshold, but the warrior heeded not, Upon the board beside him, untested stood the pot; The pipe lay there unlighted, unopened lay the screw, And the Man in Brass, in his cuirass, sat looking -' black and blue. There gleams not now upon his brow, the casque with nodding plume ; 'Instead of that, the humble hat o'ershaded his gaze of gloom ; Against the board his mirror sword is sadly laid apart, And his breast-plate falls and, rises with, the heaving of his heart. He hath roused him up to answer the clamorous boy's demand " into my pocket, armed at point, ! cannot put my hand ; Wait there without I'll pay the stout afore I leave the room." The boy is gone-and all alone he speaks out in his gloom ! " 'Tis the ninth morn of November-the LORD MAYOR'S Day is here 'Instead of sitting by my stout, would I lay in my bier ! Up through the street, yelept of Fleet e'en at ] this hour they pass But in the throng that rife along, there is no Man in Brass ! In days gone by how proud I as I, in my brass that brightly shone, When to saddle-trees they lifted me, with many ashore and groan - 'How, midst the jokes of City folks, all solemnly I rode, Nor heeded laugh, nor small boys' chaff, as on my good stead trade. My gallant steed, where art thou ? In Batty's i stables drear Art thou neighing for the rider who is sadly sitting here? Or is thy proud heart chafing, as they yoke them to the ear ' Of Britannia, or-some such stuff the humbugs that they are 1 There is a worker's by one Burke, I think I've heard folks say "'Which proves the days of chivalry for ever past away ; But times of old had still a hold while in the Lord Mayor's Show My brazen face retained a place and now I'm forced to go. The Common Councilmen, I feel, will rno it bye ' and bye, "When they find that Battas charges is to any common high; For he's safe to send them in a bill that will their herd is appeal, For Britannia, and the camels, and the elephants, and all. And what's the British public, that they expect 'to ill hail A female in a petticoat, instead of mules in many ? For Britnnnius, unless it be on coppers, no one cares What's elephants to Aldermen, or camels to Lord Mayors i My curse upon the City and Corporation too ; It's little that I ever thought to them to bid adoo ! Was I not old and useless- and to old and useless things - Ain't there always in the Council A majority that clings ? It ain't no use! They've cooked -my goose is what can I do not die ? How can I live dishonoured, shunned, shut up, and put by But by the light of prophecy, in my last hour I know That now the Man in Brass is gone, there's , more a going to go. Smithfield won't long survive me-I see within Guildhall The mighty Gog and Magog a tottering to their hill ; My vengeful ghost shall rule the roast, and rise up Cap-a-pie, To make a hash of calipers, and a mock of calf- per !" 