BETTERS ON THE PHILOSOPHY OF PLAIN SPEAKING ; WITH SOME SPECIMENS OF FALSE SPEAKING. , LETTER II. [To the Editor of (he Nation;] ' Dear. Sru—The poor Jesuits are represented as regardless of. truth, regardless of mercy, regardless of the law, fulness of means to accomplish their own aggrandisement, agents in the most atrocious plots recorded in history, relaxing the laws of the Gospel to suit the temper of the world, concealing from their Gentile converts the fundamental truths of Christianity, sanctioning idolatry, fraud, theft, impurity,, duelling, assassination, lying, hypocrisy; in short, sanctioning the violation of every tie that holds society together, of every security that exists for life and property. I hare quoted, in the exact order, and as nearly as possible, ja the very word, of Mr. Macaulay, the accusations which he reports or prefers against them, in the course of a single paragraph of his book! The whole society is charged with such crimes, with such a combination of such crimes, exhausting the whole circle of human depravity; charged by one whom the almost unanimous voice of contemporary criticism, many-tongued as it is, ranks among the highest ornaments of English literature ; charged in a book which is in the hands of all, which charms all, of which twenty thousand copies have issued from the press within a few months after its publication, a model of eloquence, a picture gallery in words, a reservoir of historical information for millions now living, and, unless the raven of the Quarterly has croaked a true prediction for millions yet to come. Yet all the charges are " a lie, devil-eyed, devil-tongued, devilborn;" jesting on the evidence of the " black-hearted, pharisaical Jansenists," on the evidence of Pombal, on the evidence of Titus Oates, on evidence not admissible in any court higher than that that of a Tinville, a Norbury, or a bench of Ulster Magistrates." And if I characterise these charges in the very feeble and very inadequate language which I have just copied, I am, forsooth, ill-bred and abusive, and so-forth. Speaking of Queen Elizabeth, I used an appellation which, stuck by itself in the frouzy pages of the journal, does certainly look like a bumper of the " real-native" among a circle of teetotal beverages. Hear how Mr. Macaulay speaks of that great Queen, and of another topic on which I am charged as using abusive language, and to which under the head of " false speaking," or, misrepresentation, I shall have to return. Assuredly my language is much more tame and moderate than his:—" A King, whose character may be best described by saying that he was despotim itself personified, unprincipled Ministers,, a rapacious aristocracy, a servile parliament such were the instruments by which England was delivered from the yoke of Rome; The work which had been begun by Henry, the murderer of his wives, was continued by Somerset, the murderer of his brother, and completed by Elizabeth, the murderer of her guest. Sprung from brutal passion, nurtured by selfish policy, the Reformation in England displayed little of what had, in other countries, distinguished it," &c.; (Essays, p. 56. Edit. 1850,) What! is truth to be utterly banished from society—banished even from books ? Is the mantle of charity, that is for covering infirmities and private faults, to be made a cloak for open, notorious, widedestructive villany ? Is the garment that protects modesty and conceals deformity, to hide the asp or the cancer gnawing into the center of life P Are the great lessons of history and of ethics to be passed over, and clipped, and transmuted into illuminated scraps for the drawing-room table and the parlour window ? In our day there is growing up in all the departments of literature, a morbid sentimentality calling itself charity, humanity, propriety, moderation, politeness, respectability, and I know not how many other appellations, according to the circle into which it creeps; like a travelling swindler, who changes his name and dress in every village he enters. It comes'from the most opposite quarter:—from Lamartine, who writes elegies on dead birds; from Carlyle, who, while he would hang all scoundrels, is the greatest scoundrel worshipper of the age. We have apologies, soft words, nay, something that sounds like panegyric, for Robespierre, Danton, and many others of that class; and this too, not from Socialists, Communists, and Red Republicans. They are all, all honorable men, like the assassins of Cæsar, in Marc Anthony's speech—honorable men who, if we lay in their way, would cut off your head and mine, and "have people to drink our blood out of consecrated chalices, I am heartily sick of this Mrs. Skewton's rouging, and tricking out with false ringlets, and enveloping in crimson curiains, to impart the ruddy glow of health to a rotting old carcass. I am heartily sick of this ball-room atmosphere, with its unwholesome heat, its glare of artificial lights, its hollow phrases, its dandyism, its grimaces, and its musk odours. 'Give me the strong scent of the ploughed field, on which the druggist's phial has never been emptied. Give-we the open air of heaven—it is sharp, blows-hard at times; but there is bracing health in it Give me facts as they really occur, and men as they rea'ly were—that is, give me the language that does really represent them —the living thing, not the stuffed skin or the aromatic mummy of it. mt This new system is the growth- of certain modern ideas—one phrase of the great moral heresy of creed blending, and levelling, and amalgamating of all kinds, that is the portent of our days.. It is, like the faint tones of an invalid, an index of the diseased state of that section of society in which it receives favour. It would be too long to give examples, but I have them under my hand in abundance. There is a class of persons whose taste does not please, because it does not suit their in- terest—it disagrees with their principles, thwarts their designs, to have truth put forcibly. Politeness is good, and cleanliness is good; but a man may carry his urbanity too far, as he may rub the skin cl his face in washing it The.e was a time when men would call things by their true name, and thunder with all their might against a lie. Now we must doff our hats to it when it comes in our way, and salute it graciously; we must breathe violets and speak roses, step out in velvet slippers, and fight the Devil with a rapier of gilt corkwood. It matters not how much base coin we have for circulation, Prided we carry it in a silk purse. The State pays Crown Lawyers for prosecuting and judges for trying criminals. Ihese functionaries speak very plain language, aud call things by their proper names. A thief is a thief, a felon is a, felon, , and certain acts are styled wicked, seditious, traitorous, done at the instigation of the Devil, and so forth. There is no trimming or mincing here; if is all just, necessary, and becoming. The public good requires that it should be so, the public authority takes,care that it shall be so, and the public feeling is very well pleased that it is so. Nevertheless, the immense majority of crimes that come before courts of justice' inflict injury on a comparatively small number, and within a very narrow limit. A man is murdered in his own house—there is horror, terror, and insecurity for' miles round. But the strong arm of the' law gropes about for the murderer, generally succeeds in clutching him, hangs him up until he is dead,and thereby terrifies the evil disposed and protects society from the danger of similar outrages. Again many of these crimes are the result of sudden passion, provocation, brutal ignorance, the pressure of want, committed by persons not utterly depraved in principle— not utterly lost to feelings of virtue or even of shame. Now, there is a class of criminals who never come within the jurisdiction of prosecutor or judge. Not because their guilt is small, or evidence thereof is wanting Far from it—these are they whose crimes are the most wicked in their commission, the most ruinous in their kind, the most extended in their effects, the most notorious in their existence. They are crimes, not of a local habitation and a little day their track of desolation is far and wide, the term of their influence extends from generation to generation, and no man can fix or predict the limit. But they are impalpable to the touch of law, as the ghosts, were to Æneas's sword; or they are above the law—stronger than it, entranched behind a rampart of bayonets and lawless passions; awing it, gagging it, fettering it; or, it may be, and it has been, that they are the law itself. The gibing and the mendacity of Voltaire, the misrepresentations and slanders of Pascal, the anarch insanity of Rousseau, have done, I apprehend, more injury to the best interests of men than all the robberies and poisonings that have occurred in London since the date of the " Provincial Letters " And yet how little could the tribunals of justice have effected, how little did they attempt to arresting the progress of their destructive coure, in preventing or undoing its baleful results. Nay, have there not been kings to welcome, protect, and reward such, and makers and dispensers oflaw to clap hands and cheer thein on who could have tried Pombal,during the- long period of his usurpation ? What calamities had not Robespierre brought on the human race before his head rolled into his own basket? He was plucked down at last by men as bad as himself, his own accomplices, who, if he had shown a little more determination in time, might in a' few months more, have been acting as before under his dictatorship: Henry beheaded his wives—there was no one to judge and behead him. To gratify his lust, hsi rapacity, and his pride, he killed and robbed right and left, and wrenched a whole nation from the communion of ' the Church of Christ. His daughter Elizabeth beheaded her royal guest and many others, and she lived and died in a blaze of glory; her image is set in gold, and enwreathed with evergreens; she is only the "great Queen'' of the historian, and the "dear Eliza"'of the poet This is the class of criminals who not. only, from the very magnitude of theirrimes, escaped or defied even human jusice, but from whose ranks, have been chosen the idols of what is called hero- worship; as powerful rebels have succeeded and become great kings. It is not that their genius and other natural endowents are extolled, but the wicked designs to which these endowments gave effect are concealed, palliated, diminished, explained way or, what is far worse, are touched up into virtues, and exhibited for admiration. Only the bust is given-the upper- part, which is in the human form, the long scaly folds below are cut off-or dressed out into the shape of natural legs. The tiger is described from his strewed and glossy skin; but of the jaws, and the claws and the kindling eye, and the murderous spring, not one word. What care I for the mellow periods, and the wit and fine sentiments of Pascal» Ihere are two standards, according to the .mage of the great Ignatius- one is of God the other the Devil They who are ranged Zt t'e ormer have i hard baXto f.ght-m T these f our days perhaps harder than ever-m order to kecpTrith K and erect. It is little consolation to them Uiat flowers, are strewn upon her grave. \\\ hat care I that the pestilence, which ij hastening to slay me, comes laden h the l^pasid. -S which it r 0 B e M < i e n o v e r month to month, and cL&tes; ( X end of the earth, the slanders I have already enumerated as copied by Macaulay. The fair character of s o many innocent, so many saintly men; is, in the minds of tiiousanda upon ^thousands, blackened, blasted, trampled down in the very mire m iu a dead, noisome, polluted thing. The name of Jesuit becomes a name of reproach and loathing. And he did this. f The dregs of the convict ship and the gaol are pure compared with them. And lie did . this. The -hearts of twenty thousand of the annotated ministers of religion the flower of the church, are steeped in wormwood and gall. And he did it. The bitterest of all agonies was theirs—worse than death, the agony of those who, after having Jived and laboured for the good of their fellow creatures, are falsely accused of horrid crimes—their defence unheeded j —their voice of appeal to the humanity and justice shown to the vilest criminals, answered by mockery and derision. This agony was theirs; and he inflicted it They were torn from their houses, stripped naked, starved, robbed, transported, imprisoned, murdered; and he did it; not with his hand of flesh, but with that mysterious power of genius which impels the hearts of men far and whide—impels them on and on, long after- the frame from which it issued Has mouldered in the dust. His book is the fruitful mother- of the abominations that have been vomited forth against the Society for two hundred years. There it stands, that book,, immortal, alldestroying, over-arching its doomed victims from age to age, like a canopy of hissing demons. Shall mighty crimes like this stalk the earth, without a rightful power to make them out; while the small delinquents, the nuisance of a petty village, are seized, branded, denounced, and punished with all the force and majesty of law ? There is no public accuser to arraign them, no jury to try them, no judge to condemn them, no executioner to do th'e last act of justice upon them, save what the power of the pen creates in the formation of a sound public opinion. -The power-, when arrayed in their favour, enjoys unbounded license, wields unbounded influence, is crowned with unbounded applause. Shall it, then, when enlisted on the right side, be compelled to drug itself into unmanly feebleness—to exhaust itself in whimperings, whisperings and feints? The bandit use the sword of steel to kill and rifle: by that sword he shall be repelled and cloven down. But only by the sword of the pen can the hero- bandits of the earth be reached,* resisted, slain; must its edge be only then hacked and blunted when turned against them, for the protection of innocence, and honor, and truth ? I pray Rod, every day of my life, that it may not come 10 this pass with me. It is true, that this power maybe abused. But thefe are clear and definite rules for the proper exercise of it. The exposition of these will make abundaet matter for a «eparate latter. With many thanks for your kindness in permitting so large an intrusion on your *pace, I am, Sic,, &c; Patrick Mdbbat. Boyal College of St Patrick, Maynooth, March 17th. 