THE MILL OF ATHOLL's GLEN. (After Ossian, by Punch.) Why is the peeper of Atholl closed ? Wherefore is the eye of Strange surrounded with a ring of purple ? It is the print of the Southeron knuckle—the fist-mark of the Cambridge Undergraduate, heavy handed bruiser. Cambringe Undergraduate, bruiser of the heavj band, wherefore didst thou darken the eye of Strange ? Why bungedst thou up the peeper of Atholi ? The autumn winds were singing the coronach of the summer in Glen Tilt A moaning as of no ends of ghosts, swept through the hollow glen. There, with the red and brown leaves falling around him, stood the Chief of Clan Atholl, with a party of ladies and gentlemen. Shrowded in the mist in the distance, cometh Sandy Maclarran. With him behold two stranger forms approaching. Onward they come, with the sturdy tramp of youth; stout are the cudgels wbich they grasp in their nervous fists. Ho, there, ye that range unbidden the Glen of Halt Tilt, ye wanderers from the land of Cockney. Stand ye jumpers of the counter! We are no jumpers of the counter; no wanderers are we from the land of Cockney. We come from the meadows that are watered by the Cam from the abodes where Learning dwelleth in her colleges and halls. Thither journey we on this beaten track. And who the deuce art thou that hinderest us ? Ken ye not the Chief of Clan Atholl — the tourist baffling Duke of the impassable glen ? For the Chief of Atholl':> Clan we c ire not a dump ; the Duke of the impassable glen we value not a farthing. We have passed the Asses-bridge, and wherefore shouid we not cross thy glen ? Chief of Clan Atholl get out of the way ! Duke of the impassable glen stand out of the sunshine ! Fire flashed from the eye of Atholl; wrath blazed from the countenance of Strange. By the collar he seized the foremost youth. Back I Return by the way thou earnest Back ! or by the beard of my ten thousand ancestors, ye shall rue the day ! Back, I say on your lives ye sons of Granta. Unhand me, Chief of Clan Atholl, or whoever thou art! Unhand me, I say, or I will punch thine bead Thou wilt not ? No ! Here goeth, then; take that for thyself. Together they rushed ; the son of Granta and Chief of Clan Atholl. Furious was the Chief, and wild, and aroused was the Undergraduate's monkey. Blow was exchanged for blow, lunge for lunge, slash for slash ; heavy was the countering, and the knocks resounded. Loud shouted the gentlemen ; shrill were the screams of the ladies. The Chief was overcome with fury, and hit all abroad. Wary was the Cantabrigian youth well trained on the pleasant banks of the Cam to encounter in stand-up mill the brawnee baigee. Shaip fell the stinger on the proboscis of Strange; fast flowed the claret from the conk of Atholl— One, two, were planted on the optics of the Chief — darkness swam before hiin ; then fell a stunner on his ducal frontispiece, and he was doubled up by a finisher in the breadbasket He staggered—he fell into the arms of his faithful henchman—e ven the arms of Sandy Maclarran. To the rescue, Donald of the tufted chin ! Roderick of the red moustaches, to the help of your ChiefHamish of the Pipes — Dougal the breekless — claymore for Clau Atholl! The eight hands of the four bold grooms are at once on the collar of the Sassenach. As many more grasped the coat tails of his companion—the Heeiandmen were braw. From before the bruised face of their Chieftan they drag away the sons of Granta. Mourn ; for ecchymosis encircle the ogle of Strange; lament ; for the visual organ of Atholl is darkened. Raise the sound of wail upon a thousand bagpipes ! Closed is the eye of him who would close Glen Tilt to the traveller. Contusion sits on the brow of the chieftan ; the countenance of the Duke beareth marks of punishment 1 