CONVERSIONS IN ENGLAND, THE HEV. DR. CAUILL. { From the Freeman's Journal, Jane ?.) The following correspondence has taken place between our distinguished countryman, the Rev. Dr. CaVill, and tbe Her J. Collins, recently a clergyman of the Cliurch of England, and who lias become a convert to the Catholic faith within the last few days:— " Croocted Bidet Motel Liverpool, H a ; 31,issi. " REV. AND DCIB SIB—Permit an «cilon» elerEjman, tiiteen years an active miaicer r,f the Chcrrh of England, and has laboured the most of that period in this na'iou, to adcress von on, to him, an all important subject " For years I have bren dnbions of the position which the church of En^and—the undefined and extravagant vagaries of private judgment—tbe nameroue and cocfiictjne rects—the leveilinp divine mysteries with human reason—ibediseaidinfr the sacrament cf baptism thrr-ueh the caproe of a state «t£c:al—and the want «f a spiritual head to the scholar and conscientious are alarming reflor lions. "Fcilowing tn> the lepal mott", 'Audi alteram partemX attended yror lecture lately, ui Liverpool, on tte SHcrifiee of the mass, llauv pnints about which 1 hesitated were lucidly unfolded and convmcmglv impressed ; on a subsequent conversation on the real presence asd trantubstanliation, many. dccbtE were dissipated : and, though some doctrine; are mysterious stiil. which appear •'aa through a class darkly,' yet ' 1 a n retermined to trust where 1' a m unable to t ace.' " I a m a master of arts c.f my university, end hold testimonials fmm * dignitaries, clergymen. and congregations, j-eritc ly satisfactory, " 1 leaTe try church with anguish, and feeling* similar to those experienced in railing fiom a beloved parent, yet 1 cannot be vTc-ng in foliowing the eiatr-ile of Ejacy learned axid pood. I henceforth protees myself a Catholic, if permitted to enter the fane from which my forefathers strayed. " 1 have the honor to be, Rev. a»id de^r Eir, yonr very faithful serreut, " J o n s COLLINS." (S ; gtfd) " S t Mary's Cfcnrch, Liverpool, liry Si, 3S5J. "MVDEAB EEV. FRIESD,—I feel nrg^d tliGs to address you in the iarpc^ge of warm eftecucn, in order to pve ycu a hearty welcome, as you sft yvnr foot for the first time vi'hiE the wide- spread and t:mehocoured wslls of the nnivossEl church. " 1 hare rever read into few v n more eorof re-tensive e l e m e n t cf the incongruities of the Protestant church, than yen have pu; forward in the stcond purat-raph of yfor •alucd commun:c.itiin. Alas ! refonr.ed ; England ba6 no church fcir.ee she sej arated j fn m the con:mcnion of Teriui-i.-.n ; she is j in the ' position* of e tody without a heso— : tbcmemlXTsdeprivr-dof spirittal iife, having ! no sourer of fpiritcal vitality—she is in :b? j •pesition' of a vriihered I ratch broken iff | frrm the 'ronk, and producing co meritorious j trnit; end hi nee 1 am not suipiiied at your doubts at the spiritoal position. Her •ncmerocs sects," as yen cppropria'ely call j th< m, are the EEre inudicaiion of the storm that rages orer h-. : r Epiritusl domain. They ; are the clear result of en tcclesiastical dis- j ttirbacce— they are the palpable deffionstra- j men that the national faith is shattered into i fra<rmenU. Like the swelling surges of an j ogi'ia!e»l scs, these sccts mnltiply, and rise end foam as the trmpest tages : and tl.ey contrast strongK with the solemn repose una universal calm which reigns over the boundless empire of the Catholie rhurch. _ " Private judement in " its vsranes' has thrown downalitherairperteof Chrwt'acity, and has actually blott»4 ont the Gospel; it has taken away the sevrn Sacraments, and destroyed Purgatory end the Uo'y Sacrifice cfihe'eltar: it has deried tlie divinity tf Chiist, and has disputed tbe penonaliiy and the ejrirterce of the Holv Ghost: it has corrupted the Bible end fcss rrbbtd manlind of their title-derds lo their future inheritance—in a wold, it has pulled down the whole fabric of the new covenant, and has left Doth see behind, except the soul standire aloce in the wide waste cf doubt and Albchis, vi;h ro mark to direct reason BLd iahh, save the caucpy of the skies and the bocndless fcfjizon. " I d.. believe that Lord John Rutsrll (in * his (fe'a! ccpr.re'5 is tlie greate't ecen.y tte church ano f j t e of England ever iitd; he has irsElted ihr Ca'h^lic world ; he hss Paganisf-d the Freu-stant erred; he has degraded the Ltilith constitution ; 3rd if ret stopped in bis cspr'ciocs c a a r , 1 loweriLedipnityof tl^eciown. lltnct-I weef'er thai the scLolar and the Chi should Jeave an eitablishment where trick, and stratagem, and caprice, and despotism, and mere buiran laws, are Eiibstitnud for rorfidingness. honor, order, charity, and the ordinances of God "1 feel very hf'pry. indeed, by your remarks. in Ttf.Vecci to our intervjew. 1 liave ir.trnselv. the Strong « that no Protestant could « tachrd from the tree church, if be. his mind and heart lo yield to a e&lm; and unprejudiced investigation of the truths of ctu holv rrligion. You, my dear friend, are now the best judge of the auth of this assertion ; and 1 pray God, that irany n av be indoecd to read yovr h iter, and to follow your example. Tiiere can be no doubt of the necessitv of a sacrifice in the new law, as the established essential worship of God; and, surely, the cross were the fulfilment of the blriodj sacrifices of the old law, the last supper was the fulfilment of the priesthood and the offering of Me'chisedech. If bread and wine, then, were the type, sarely biead and o ice cannot be the fuifilicent; if so, the typical thing and the thing typified wonld he the same thing. Tbe type was the shadow of seme future perfect reality ; end sorely the shadow and the realty canf ot be the same thing. Hei.ce as the offering at the Lord's snpper was the reality of Melcbisedech's tvpe, it follows necessarily that it must be as exalted above the tvpe as the priesthood of Christ was above that of Aaron, and the atonement of the cross above the blood of oxen. This reasoning furnishes HemMstretion to prove that the priesthood S " T h & sacrifice will be ®ntjnued throngh all coming time, • to ahow forth tts death till Be come.' And the Calht^ lie church has now a sacrifice which is a and a gift to present to the throne oi inercv worthy the aceeptauceof God. ^fv &riend.; it% ^e ancho^v and most deplorable F«t, that there i worthy of God in the rrototantdimch-aa they neither have a pwsttoofi^p^oraLV rfTerin? to make, which js the essence of worshS- That church has actually gone hack to Judaism by celebrating the type and t h e m o n S o f bfcad and wine-that is to the slorder taper of the " d aw to dinct and to light thar sUps, ^oughUie san itself bas risen in the skies, and^Kuirsabtirnineflood f l'Ett ov^tlie eSritnS citation. How Frelchod and fwlith fwh6 read the scripture) kneel d o ^ i n the r plain senses before bread and tvre. or a memorial, orashndow.inuietace ofarS-fect fulfilled covenant. M a y God crliebSn them. They deserve p i ^ to « e . S m m hke ho'd up the fight of » feg^to to direct the Korld, while the enn stands blating in lie meridian. - It isJndaism to adopt this ceremonial, and it t;s blasphemy to knell before avowed knead &nd; wine. '- . - . „ _ ' : " The m a n who Marches is not certain of troth : the man who changes his belief to a newer creed cannot dare to (ay th&tthe; ailwise, unchangeable God dictates these novelties and contradictions., Now, if pi witness who donbts, and hesitates, and changes his evidence, wonld not, or conld not be believed by an honest jury at a petty court, surely a doubting, changing testimony to FAITH cannot be received at the. tribunaTof God. Clearly then, there never was, "or never can be. Divine Faith in the Protestant church, that is unworthy to he human, cannot deserve to be deTine. " I fully appreciate, and entirely enter into your feelings of anguish on leaving- the Protestant church ; bat, being gnided by the inspiration of the Uo'.v Ghost, your sorrow will soon change into jov • and "as many of your brethrtn (who rank amongst the !<st and most learned men of the present, ago) have s;t you an example, you form an ! add ition!il member of the glorious baijd, who within ti e last few years, have broken family ties; h.nv given op station and emofoemnt; and, at the sacrifice of every worldly advantage. have vidded to their'con-rictiijcs in joining the frith of Atagustine and Jerome, of IreLSCs and'Chrysostnm ; ranging themselres under the victorious colours that ere feen fl.iaiiDg the tkioE above the old infallible rock on "which St. Peter has planted the eternal standard. " I beg to say, in conclusion, that whfe I advocate the principles ot m y churcb, and while I am prepared to die, if" necessary, in its defence, I have never iittertd one word t'rrm the pulpit in difreipect of the conscientious creed of Protectants ; and moreover I tav, no matuj- what provocation 1 may recei ve in England, I shall never deviate from tbu charitable and inojlensive ciurse which 1 have observed since I entered on public life, and which I hope to practise to m y death. ** 1 am about to proceed to Manchester where 1 shall remain for a month ; and in the meantime 1 beg to recommend you to the c sre of my dear friend, Rev Mr. Sheridan, of St. Mary's, Liverpool, who, I take leave lo fay, is one of tbe most zealous, and disintercEtc-dj and perlect Catholic c'.ergymen iu Kcjcland. ™ Believe me my dear Rev. friend, f»ithfcllv and attached brother in Christ, ? " To the Rev. John Collins, M A." 