? LOCAL. Terence Bellew M'Manus.— On Monday evening next a public meeting will take place in Hobart Town as well as the one in Launceston, to take into consideration the cruel case of this unfortunate gentleman. Mr. Evans' Colours are Tbub Blub and Greek (shamrock ;) the latter in complement to our valuable townsmen the Catholics, who have given Mr. Evans their interests generally. Tht Mr. Pierce.— We are requested bv the inhabitant (Mr. Pierce) who made himself so prominent at the public meeting . on Tuesday evening last, to state that he has no ambition whatever to be considered the friend or advo cate of John Ward Gleadow, Esquire, in the matter of the coming election ; having expressed | Mr. Pierce's wish, we liave nothing further to do with the subject. Mr. MacManus.—We report the very seriom indisposition of Mr.MacManus with deep regret | two medical gentlemen have certified that ha cannot, without imminent danger, be removed from his present residence; the bodily suffering to which lie has been so cruelly subjected, and the indignity which has been so tyrannically imposed upon him, has ocasioned his present illness, which forebodes the most serious result ; in the event of fatal consequences resulting, a coroner's jury will have the task of designating the cause of death, which' in all probability will place some person in a very unpleasant position. When the death of a human being is the result of treatment, even of punishment, in direct opposition to the Law of the Realm, and in the exercise of a. tyranny forbidden by the law, ? coroner's jury will not fail to shew by its verdict, that from the highest authority .to the moit humble citzen, the laws of the Constitution of England cannot be violated with impunity. The Colonial Secretaryship.— Mmoxt, we are informed, before the breath in the body of the late Mr. Bicheno had ceased, and long before his death was known in this division of the Island, applications were made to the proper quarter for the appointment; indeed the post which conveyed to us the fact of Mr. J. E. Bicheno's death, furnished us with the intelligence that the office . was to be entrusted to Mr. P. Fiazer. We would suggest that the proper period has arrived for filling all the local offices, as the present occupants retire from them, with bona-fide colonists, and for reducing the salaries to an amount proportionate to the duties performed, and the pecuniary re sources of the colony. The office should, we think, be temporally held until a native born can be selected from the number eligible to fulfil any trust however responsible, and that the New Legislatuie should have the privilege of nominating a fit and proper person. Would not Mr. Richard Dry be competent in every particular, and is he not well entitled to the office? if he thought proper to accept it. The Turf. — The racing season has now com menced in good earnest, and a meeting of per sons interested, as far as regards the New Town called this evening, at the Union Club Hotel. We should hope to see it well attended, as a testimony that our towns men will shake off the apathy which, year after year, of late has been lamentably evinced with respect to these races. The electioneering small talk which is going about might be im proved upon, and turned to good account if all the candidates for legislatural honours would come down with £5 a piece, and give a Con stitution Plate. Mr. James Lord has intimated his willingness to subscribe that amount for the purpose. Can there be a doubt that our in tending representatives will follow the example T A. good many candidates aTe in the field, and a first-rate stake might be made up. — Courier. Mr M'Manus' Case. — A transposition of lines occtued in our abstract of His Honor the Chief Justice's judgment on Friday last. The 18th and 19th lines from the bottom of the second column should be omitted after the words ' punishment has been awarded.' and read three lines lower down, alter the word 'prisoner' -Ibid. V The Catarrh.— We regret to learn that the catarrh has again made its appearance at the Hume River. Dr. Murphy, J. P. is said to be a heavy suffer by the devastation committed among his flock.— Port Philip Paper. The Bishop of Tasmania will commence the visitation of this portion of the Diocese on Wednesday nest, the 5th March, on which clay he will consecrate the burial-ground at Long ford; service to commence at 1 1 a.m ; in the afternoon, inspect the schools, church buildings, register books, &c;, &c.; Thursday, 6th March— Consecrate chutch and burial- ground at Westbury; service to com mence at 11 a.ra j in the afternoon, inspect the schools, &c.; Friday, 7th March— Consecrate burial-ground at Deloraine ; service to commence at if a.m.; in the afternoon inspect the schools, &c.; Saturday, 8th March His Lordship will bo happy to meet all persons interested in the erection of a church at Dunorlan, at 11 a.m., and afterwards proceed to Burgess. Sunday, 9th March, there will be an ordina tion at North Down, PorUSorell ; service to commence nt 1 1 a in. ; afternoon service at the New Ground -Monday, 10th March, the Bishop hopes to be enabled to visit the various settlement* st the Mersey, the Don, and the Forth, and return to Port Sorell on Tuesday, March 11th, thence to George Town on Wednesday, March 12th. Thursday. 13th March— Confirmation at Windermere ; service to commence at II a.m. His Lordship will then proceed by the Skat* rock steamer to Circular Head, and return, if possible, by Emu Bay. Surrv and Hampshire Hills, and tbudlcigh. Collections will be made after each service, for the, purchase of books, for gratuitous dis tribution amongst the children of the poor io those parishes, where the collections have been made. 7Vke Theatre.'- Want of space excludes an* critique upon the performances at this popular ulace of amusement «n Wednesday evening hit: in fact. when. all exert themselves to creditably, comment is superfluous. Kenney's acknowledged ability as a manager-bis judicious selection of pieces- and the talented company under fits control, are sure guarantees to persons visiting the Theatre of witnessing an amusing evening's entertainment. For Monday evening next is announced the 'Farmer's Revenge,' a variety of singing and dancing, and the laughable farce of ?? My own Ghost/' ? Public Meeting,— On Monday evening next « public meeting is called, to take into consider ation the case of Terence Bellew M'Mamis. He hwbeen discharged from the punishment as signed him by the Governor, by the Judges of our Supreme Court, and again malignantly, ' spitefully, and cruelly, ordered to be returned to his punishment, and no doubt ordered double punishment for escaping legally frOm the clutches of his torturers. Will fan country men— will Englishmen— wiUTaimaniantquietly look upon this act ©{.extreme cruelty? for the latter we can speak. Mr. Dry has consented to take the chair at the meeting on Monday evening next, and will, without allowing the public to exceed the limits of consistency, auggest measures to be adopted for his relief. The last act of cruelty perpetrated towards him is an order from the Governor to remove him to the Colonial Hospital, as a convict; if too ill to be forwarded to Port Arthur, why should this heart less persecution be practised ? If Mr. M 'Menus can have a few comforts 'in a private house without being hidden from the inspection of a Government medical officer, why cannot he be allowed to remain there ? Is it the wish of the I Governor to hunt him to death? Inhabitants I of L»unce&ton; 1 come to the meeting and sug I geit measures for the releif of poor M'Manus. I Committee Sooth at the Races.— Mr. John I Sullivan having determined upon shewing to I the public, that Launceston can provide a good I dinner, has, at a great expense, become the I caterer for the committee booth at the ensuing I races; be has bought up all the turkeys and I poultry that can be procured ; and as be intends I publishing his bill-of-fare, it will be seen that I his dinners are of first-rate quality. Were I commend visitors at the races to call upon Mr. I Sullivan, each day at one o'clock. I fjrf. — The house of Mr, James Winter, in I the Wertbnry district, was totally destroyed by I lire on Sunday night last. A small portion of I furniture was saved. The fire originated acci I dentally. Royal Amphitheatre.— This new and popu lar place of amusement was opened again on last Monday evening, when Mr. Ashton, with his celebrated equestrian troop, gave a first-rate evenings performance. The horsemanship of Messrs. Ashton and Mills was very good, like wise that of his pupil Master Lepettite Polnski. Mr. Hunter, performed some wonderful feats on the tight-rope. The clown created much laughter, and the performances of the pony Tom Thumb were perfectly astounding. The evening's amusement highly satisfied the audi ence. This place of amusement will be opened during the race week, Tuesday excepted. Serenaders — A company of six serenaders has just arrived from America by way of Cali- fornia, and islands of the Pacific, and will give heir first concert at the Cornwall Assembly Rooms, on Tuesday evening next. The sere- naders are spoken of as being first-rate. ? Atmospheric — A number of inhabitants, are ? and for some time have been suffering under a I malady — commonly known as the 'mumps' — I which we imagine is the result of atmospheric ? influence; some such visitation is necessary ? occasionally to remind us that we are mortal. ? ? « ? ? Mr. Editor, — Henry Dowling, junior ! I issued a, placard this morning, which he signs ? 'A Tradesman' I recommend that individual B to eat his pudding in quiet, and remain in ? obscurity, or he shall be placed in the position ? he has earned. Cooke I ! ! II ? March 1. 