MISCELLANEOUS. An Avictard Adventure at Rome. — ,An English gentleman, now living with his wife at one of our best hotels,, after a good dinner, sallied out to smoke a cigar and survey the ' City of Souls." A bright moon suggested the Coliseum, and thither he bent his lonely steps, and skirting the Palatine, ihe Palace of the Cmsars, and the Augustus Halls, and musing in silent sadness on all around, holding sweet converse with "his own. soul and Byron, asserved up by Murray It is dimeult to Sav to what conclusions he might or might not have come to on finding himself for the first time in such a pkee as the Coliseum at such an'hour, baa '.i ot his grand and gloomy reveries been interrupted by the sonnd of foot-' : steps hAssiiy approaching him from ;' behind. He turned round and beheld tbe figure of a man attired in the garb of a priest, who had issued from one of ihe "'rents of ruin," and had- passed lib ) so closely as to rub against his s!', .<.'--ier in so doing. The figure in l.bc': had almost disappeared behind vLe- Lruhof Coustantine, when honest John Bull bethought him of his watch, and. feeling tor it, found not what he sought. A moment's reflection deter mined him to fojlow the wily priest, until he came up with him with an open space where barkers might not be hid; so, pouncing upon his man, he demanded the restitution of his property. The r-riest understood no English, and our rric- ud no Italian : but as a substitute tor the l-t«gu"ige. our esuntrynian showed his list, and pointed to the watch- pocket of the other, made' himself so well ur.dcrsto":l that tho terrified and ireinbliug ecclesiastic a once surren- dered his watch, which sr. iisfied his an- I tagonist, who returned home. On re- J counting the affair to his lady, however, j he was not a little astonished when she ' pointed to his own watch, lying on his dressing table, which he had left behind him on going out. He drew forth the other from his pocket, and a glance showed him that, without intending it, he had been guilty of a" highway rob bery. On going to the police the next day with a friend, to explain the busi ness, he found that the priest, well known in Borne as a venerable and holy man, had already been there, and de posed that, on taking his usual " con stitutional" after the heat of the day, he had been accosted by a " Garribaldisto Inglese," and by threats and menaces been obliged to deliver up his watch. A Strong Glass. — A man in a neigh bouring town has so good a spy-glass that ; looking at his third cousin through it, ; it brought him so near as to bo a first ; cousin. IFXy Should Han Pear Death. — i "Why should man fear that which he ! cannot know f So long as man lives, he is not in death ; if he be immortal, death is being bora into new life ; and in this new life, he does not, cannot suf fer death, for still living he cannot know death ; and, if mortal only, he will be as he was before birth. Besides the arrangements of universal animated : nature are such that one generation ' must of necessity give place to its suc- | cesser. This, therefore, being of the i necessity of nature, there can he nothing j more to fear in dying than in being | bora ; the one is the unconscious com- i mencement of being — and the other, the j termination of maiTs conscious existence at last, so far as man has experience and knowledge. "\Vh3t then, can there be to fear in death ? Life, so long as it is ac companied with enjoyment and happi ness, is desired and desirable ; hence man hopes for its continuance. Bat of ten sickness and the infirmities of old age, change the hope of life into the desire of death." The fear of death does not, therefore, seem natural to man. A strong and almost irresis table love of life is implanted in the nature of man, and is indispensable for the preservation of his organic existence ; but this is not the fear of death, it is the love of life. The regions of darkness have been conjured into an unreal existence: and by the magical powers of an unhealthy imagina tion, have been peopled with spectres, ghosts, and demons, which rto- where exist, but in the trembling souls of it - toxteated fanatics. Yet, even with all these supernatural agencies at work. men have risen superior to any fear of the future ; for it is only reasonable to con clude, arguing from analogy, that tbe same economy which governs this world governs all time and space ; and, there fore, there is nothing in the universe to fear. Reclamation of Land. — The changes in the Norfolk estuary, about to be cotn- | rnenced under the surperintendence of ! Sir John Resnie and Mr Robert S:e- i phenson, will torus one of the largest ea- I gineerlng works ever undertaken in the ' eastern counties of England- The main | object is to reclaim from the sea. a tract | of land of great agricultural value, csea- i suriag 32,U0£t aeres ; bat in addition to i this, the fens and the lowlands known j as the Bedford Level, will be thoroughly ; drained, and the navigation of the Case, from the sea to Lynn ait-1 beyond, will , be greatly improved. The estimated expence of reclamation is £20 an acre ; for the entire work £640,000. Towards this large sum the corporation of Lynn has voted £60,000, and the ten pro prietors £60,000 more ; the remainder is to be raised by a joint stock company. The land, it is said, will he worth on the average £45 an acre, so that in a few years it is believed the outlay. will be entirely repaid. The Gambler's Song. — Gambling has had its day among us. It is already a " thing that was," so far as its glory or profit are concerned. To think that some thousands of idlers, with a few thousand dollars among them all, can liveand thrive on each other, is too pre posterous. "Game so far as they are concerned, is extremely scarce in these parts. 'The. following, as its style shows, may be supposed to be the reflections of any one of the " sporting men," for they are all liable to be in the condition of the one who was " dead broke" when on exa mination before the Recorder in August last: to" 7 Wlsra rm rich I rides in besses. Wbea I'm poor I nQa aad easse ; . When I'm rich m j- tao»s dvO. Wbca I'm poor a dunning CeefL Tnlira, b, la. la ! When I'm rich I bets "aad losses. Whan rm poor fee browiu I teases ; Wben I'm rich tricads uti « wins HOC, ' AVhca rm poor tbe; beyt their -Hrr.k— Tnlira, la, la, la ! When lharirh rip n I cms. When I'm poor its quids I chevse t Whea Pm rich the girls allldu me. When Pm poor the; ent and quiz me. TraUra, la, la,la t Crayon Daguerreotype. — 1st. Take a daguerreotype image on a prepared plate as usual, taking care to mark the end of the plate on' which the head is" produced. When taken, l'-and before mercurialising, remove the plate from the holder/and place it on a plate of glass prepared as follows.' 2d. Cut a piece of thin plate f glass of th'e same size as the daguerreo- I type plate— gum upon one side of it a thin oval piece of blackened zinc, the | centre of the, oral to coincide with the contre of the hoare rpon the plate. i Having carefully placed the glass thus |;prepared with the centre ot the zinc | disc upon the centee of the imagej ex- ! pose the whole to daylight for 20 sec onds. The action of the light will < obliterate every trace of image from f every- part of the plate, except that jwhich is covered with the blackened , zinc, 'and also from the thickness of the 1 glass the action will be refracted under I the edges - of the zinc disc, and will j soften into the dark parts.. . Mercuria- ; lise the plate as meal ; the image will j be found with a halo of light- around if, 'gradually softening into the',5 back I ground, that will at once add a new ' charm to these interesting productions. By grinding the glass on whieh the disc is fixed, and by ahering the shape and site of the disc, a variety of effects may be proiuec-d which every ingenious operator can su jgeit for himself. — I am, kc., J. E. Mat.'.!.!;, West Strand, Oct. Athinaumi The preseut efti'iinte-l population of London is ff'-h. -1, fa ; namely, 1,032,030 males, 1,171,445 fe males. In 18-10 there were 72,602 births, and 61,432 deaths. Ax Antique Advertisement. — Ad- vertisement extraordinary which ap peared at Aylesham, in the county of Norfolk, 1850:— " By her Majrsy's letters patent, Beards taken off and regis tered by Isaac Punchard, Barber Periwig maker, Surgeon, Parish Clerk. Schoolmaster, Blachsmith, and Man Midwife. I shaves for a pennie, cuts hair for two pence, and oyled and Powdired in the bergane, young Ladies gentelely educated, lamps lited by the year or quarter, young Gentlmen also taut their Grammer language in the neetest manner, and great keer takin of their marrels, and Spleen. Also Salute Singing and Horse sbewiog by the reel makir, likewis maks and mends all sorts of butes and shews, teaches the Ho boy and Jews harp, cots corns, bledes, and blisters on the lowest terms. Cou- tillons and other dances taut at hoam and abrode in all its branches, sells all sorts of Stashinary ware, together with blackin ball, R-d herins, Gingerbread, Coals, Sciubbin brashes, treycle, mmse traps, and all other sweetmeats Like wise God'ath'r'scordial, redrotes, Tatoes Sausages, Black Puddins, and other Garden stoff, " P. S. I leaches Goggrify and all them autlanguaged kind of things. A bawl on Wensday and Friday. All performed God willon by me. Isaac Punchard. " To be ha;d of at my warehouse, where you may be served with the very best B cco. by the ounce, ream, quire or Single sheet. " N. B. Also likewise, beware of Counterfeets for auch it abrode- " A Pheasant with a Covet or Past. | ridgss. — a merchant of Liverpool, who j owns a manor at some distance, aad wl-o i routes occasi. nally from the turmoils of 1 public and and private badness to the | t ajoyment ot coantry recreations, ob- \ served in t>-e coarse of last summer, j -ssocuted with a certain brood of part- 1 ridges, a fine young c ck pheasant, j In the spring, oo doubt, a p' ea-ant ) egg had by some chance been dropped ! in the neat of a partridge, and the Jong > cock had beeo i« ared with the brood. ; It was thought 'h»t »hen the bird grew ; to the foil digoi.y of his p'umage, and , felt brmtelf every icch a pheasant, he i aonld quit Lis hotsbie fosterers, re' ire j so the tiown coTers, and associate with ; nU ksud. At the commencen-iAit ol j ito sportiog a- son, however, he wws J sul! f.-nr.d in open ground closely a ii-J with his eaiiy frteuds. Wheoeser tht c-.vey was sprung, he arose wi h th->m ; i v:.d his presence gave them, for a tim. | immunity Lorn the perils of powder aud \ shot- At .eagth, however the season for pheasant sbuo'iug arrived, and the ;>-evuce of the i.o!>!e biid wus no long er a protection to his owu frirnds The co»ey was known to be on tha edge of he mano . L was scLnt.fic.ilIy sought 1 — set w;:h due saxaclty — the envey j row wt-h their ricblv-plumrd associate j anj-vajsl them, aod he was tbe first bird sfaoi oo "hat manor oo the 1st October. 