CORRESPONDENCE. THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND A FAILURE. To the Editor of the Dailt Tikes. Burra Borra. April 28, 1851. Sib—My solicitude for the honour of " God, my Saviour," and the well-being of my fellow men, in duces me again to address them, upon a subject which the present circumstances of this colony demand should be fairly understood, involving as it does the best interests not only of the present, but of the future generations. We have already a State Church, and a domin ant sect of Religionists in this colony, and a State Bishop, who assumes to be the Bishop of South Australia, and who is securing all he can of public lands, and of public ftinds, for churches, parson ages, eta, the whole of which* for ought we know may be devoted to the spread of Popery, either in the form of Puseyism or otherwise. The same Church in England, with an income of mere than ten millions per annum, had been productive of extensive evil. Ij.was mainly for this church that. government grants, in aid of religion were fintf made itf this colofiy, which, have already t>3en the fruitful source of contention and, discard, end which if not at once 'abolished, will, as in^England end Ireland, more especially involve this colony even* taally in envy, hatred, strife, poverty, and rain. If the Church of England, with all its advantages at home, has proved a signal and miserable failure, after an experiment of three hundred years, let us not involve ourselves in the guilt of establishing either that or any other system of State religion by grants of public money in this colony. I cor dially subscribe to the following essay upon this subject, written some years ago by one of our congregational pastors in England, and have much pleasure iu submitting it to the candid considera tion of Churchmen and Dissenters in this colony:— " When I assert that the Church of England is a 'signal and miserable failure,' I do not mean.to say (any more than ! would of Popery) that it has not possessed many great and good clergymen, or that many souls have not been converted to God by their labours, but that—taking into account ths vast amount of its revenues, the number of its agents, the length of its existence, its . national privileges, and its high sanctions by the mighty and the noble—it has been anything but successful, es pecially when compared with the progress and efficiency of Evangelical dissent, and of the volun tary communions of the United States of- America: I charge the State Chnrch, moreover, with system atically and wickedly opposing, .and as far as possible, preventing other denominations froin doing good in this country. I verily believe upon the whole, it has hindered ethers from doing a great .deal rnore good to .the souls of men than-, it has ever accomplished by its own operations, or,-In plain terms, that by such constant and effective opposition, it has indirectly ' destroyed many more souls than it has ever saved.' These, I admit, are serious and sweeping accusations against the State system. I admit, too, that they arc incapable of any specific confirmation. Bdt they embody my deliberate convictions, and I believe that very many enlightened and holy persons, of different evan gelical persoasions, are of the same mind. Decla rations, and admissions to the like effect, have been repeatedly made by competent witnesses within and without the Establishment. I shall quote only the following:— Robert Hall—" Happy Had ft been had civil establishments of religion been useless only, iiyftatui of being productive of the greatest evils." Mr Foster—" Religious establishments, in gene ral, have been productive of more dismal effects to society and mankind than could pbssibly have arisen from any. absolute disregard to all religions opinions by the Civil Magistrate,. and the total silence of the law upon that head." When speaking of the failure of the Church of England, it is necessary to assume some specific object for which it was originally established. Were it merely for the temporal ease, houonr, and ag grandizement, of certain privileged classes or indi viduals, then I allow that, so far from being a failure, it has succeeded beyond all reasonable ex pectation. But if-it were designed to promote the glory of God, the conversion of souls, unanimity iu doctrine, uniformity in worship, or any similar supposable object, then I contend that it has been a miserable failure. I shall now shew:— First. Wherein the Church has proved eminently success/id.—Supposing it to have been established for the worldly honour, and pecuniary benefit of certain classes and individnals, it has nobly an swered its original design—For instance— 1\. The ruling powers in the State—beingthe legis lative and executive head of the Church'—exercis ing the prerogatives of God himself—creating bishops and parsons by wholesale— enriching their friends—and strengthening their political interests, will not call the Church a failure. 2\. The most and right reverend Bishops—well' paid—well fed—with sublime titles—in venerable wigs, mitres, silk aprons, and lawn sleeves—rolling in their emblazoned carriages—seated among the Peers—patronising their relatives—and giving others the Holy Ghost—will not call it a failure. 3\. The Beans, Prebendaries, Cannons. 6ur Cathedrals—with their soft-cushioned stalls, splen did sanctuaries, pompous ceremonials—light labor, large pay, snag dwellings, fawning tradesmen and dependants, and ample self-patrouage, do not feel the Church to be a failure. 4\. The Chancellors, Archdeacons, Sural Deans, and other officials of the same Popish origin,—set down before great loaves and fishes, and clothed with a little brief authority over their brethren, which they-exercise with a high sense of their own importance—will not call it a failure. 5\. The fat, sleek Rectors and Vicars, with two or three good livings a-pieee, and the best honsea and gardens in the parish—doing most of their duties by proxies paid less than gentlemen's valets —aud expecting the deaths, aud posts of right rev eraus Prelates— will not sail it a failure. 6\. The Boclesiastical Doctors, Proctors,, Chan cellorc, Registrars, Tithe Commissioners, &c.;, with the stewards, lawyers, architects, &c.;, of the Bishops a nl Chapters,—fingering nice pickings, oixt of every body and every tluug—are not likely to call tho Church a failure. < 7\. The heads, wardens, masters, and feQowes, of onr Church and State Colleges, and other great en dowed schools—with the attornies, stewards, cooks, bed -makers,- butchers, shoemakers aud menders, tailors, masons, carpenters, bakers, &c.;—will not jjronounce it a* failure. 8\. The lay and clerical monopolizers of our an cient national and Catholic hospitals, and other charities,—who get the lion's share of what was left wholly for the poor—aud pompously distribute the rest to bribe and proselyte the necessitous—will not deem it a failure. 9\. The nobility and gentry, who quarter their younger, light portioned, and least gifted children upon the Chnrch militant—making them rich and easy at the notional expense, and . putting them in a fair way for a mitre and peerage-r-are not likely to. call it a failure. 10\. Those who believe that all persons christened in the Church are savingly and divinely regene-^ rated by the Holy Ghost, and that all who ore in terred iu consecrated ground by a regular priest^ are safe for heaven—of course, will not deem tho? Church a failure. What many poor curates, with their wives and families, would answer respecting the tempo raJLsuc cess of the Chnreli, I am-not prepared to say. Ik is possible they might hesitate a little before joining in the applaose the preceding classes of conformists, naturally raise in favour of their good old apostoji*. cal Chnrch!!! In England, Popery is denounced'iii unmeasured terms, in Sonth Australia it is supported by liberal, grants of public money ; admit the principle in the . working of onr new Clonstitutiun, and what if the . natural consequence, simply,, that swarms of P.u seyites, of the Church of England,, fresh from Qx ford University, and of Popish Priests from, Efig" land and Ireland, and other countries, will. seme, refuge and maintenance here at the public.expense^ and from the working of the State Cimrch/ajfajbore described, it is evident large demands wiffbe made*. and, by State contrivances, gradually obtaine&.and. the colonists of South Australia will begpme tiro slaves or victims of priestly intrigue, aud pcelatical. intolerance. Surely it cannot be,- that the free met) of. this colony are so dead to all the feelings of. liberty as. voluntarily to submit to slavery!!' Xotir future liberty or slavery (under God), depends upon pre sent action. Raise your voiced and proclaim throughout the length and breadth of the colony* your firm and united determination to obtain, en joy, and transmit to your childreu,.the blessings of civil and religions freedom. Mr Editor, in this letter I" have shown how tho Church has been successful; next wfeek I hope to show bow it has-been-a "signal andmiserahla fail ure." In the mean time* - I am, Sir. yonrs obliged*' HENRY CHEETHAM* Congregational Pattor* BmxfrBnm. P.8.—I perceivethe passage of Scriptonvat-the close of my letter published oa Monday Aprif2brtt was not correctly pointed out.. Instead-of' Matt. 26 and 26 v., it should harebeeu, Matt.. 22, v. 52; nor correctly qapted—Instead; of " fay the SWOtd^** itl8lw(4d1hiiys.be«i, "TOth the'«i»ordi't • - 