GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 18H. IMPOUNDINGS. LivhRpooL.-April 9: Red cow, face, belly, and tail partly white, near ear slit, branded on the near rump GC over 7 or GG over 7, off rump CL. Red and white heifer, branded on the off rump R, off shoulder not legible. Brindle cow white face, belly partly white, both ears cut, branded on the near rump CC over 7, off rump CL. Yellow poley cow, belly, rump, and tail partly white, branded on the near rump CC over 7, on the off rump CL. Red and white cow, near ear slit, branded on the near rump CC over 7, off rump CL. Strawberry cow, small snail horns, near ear slit, branded on the near rump CC over 7, off rump CL. Red poley cow, belly partly white, branded on the near rump CC over 7, off rump CL. Red cow, belly and tail partly white, branded on the off rump and thigh 2 over BC, JS under, off shoulder 2. White heifer, head partly red, near ear slit, branded on the near ribs CC, off rump CL. Brown and white heifer, near ear slit, branded on the off ribs CL. Red heifer, belly and tail partly white, branded on the off rump Die. Black and white heifer, both ears cut, branded on the off ribs CL. Red heifer, white face, belly, legs, and tail partly white, near ear slit, branded on the off ribs CL. Red and white steer, near ear slit, branded on the off ribs CL.' If not released on or before the 15th May, they will he sold. S. PEARCE. 17s. 3d. I LOCHINVAR. By order of Mr. Hungerford, on the 18th April, from Luskintyre : Bay horse, black points, short tail, saddle marks, on off shoulder BB. Chesnut mare, on off shoulder W apparently, on near shoulder like 8. Bay filly, star, off hind fetlock of white, on off shoulder S apparently, damages 2s. each. It not released they will be sold on the 13th May. T. DOYLE. 9s. 9d. From H. Oxley's, Esq.. Estate, Winsercurby : Red cow, branded off ramp FM, cocked horns. If not released will be sold on the 13th May. (J. CHAPAO NIIRB. 9s. BOMIIUL».-From Bibinluke and Gtnkambllly stations, for trespass, by Mr. Jones, Mandlgcr, Ac. April 9: Buy mare, star forehead, illegible brand off shoulder, like J S under. Bay mare, black points, 8 near shoulder, 8 off shoulder, foal byberside. Black colt, WB near shoulder. Bay entire colt, three white feet near shoulder, 8 off shoulder : damages 203. Bay mare, black points, CS over Bil sideways near ghosts. der. Black mare. FS near shoulder, like illegible brand under; for trespass and driving expenses 6d. each, if not released in 21 days they will be sold. J. Rixon. Us. Od. ABBOTSFORD ESTATE. April 19: Bay mare and foal, branded IT on near shoulder, R on off shoulder. White bullock, red spots, 'jo on off rump. Red heifer, apparently TY on near rump. If not released they will be sold. J. BOLLARD, its. 6d. From the run of T. 0. Whitby, Esq, Blowering. Apr!' 2 : Bay filly, star in forehead, off hind foot white, branded T off shoulder. From the run of Mr. J. B Sharp, Green Hills: Bay filly, star in forehead, branded TI off shoulder. If the above are not released on or before 5th May, they will be sold. J. KERSHAW. 9s. 6d. THE LONDON PORTER BREWERIES. Twice the quantity of porter already brewed in London in a year would be something like equivalent to the estuary of the Mersey opposite the Pierhead at spring tide. When one of Meux's vats burst, it swept away a whole street houses, inhabitants, and all take an overflow of the Scheldt and that was in 1814, when vats were mere pipkins to what they are now. At Whitbread's, which ranks but third in the trade, there is one of such prodigious dimensions that its twenty-five hoops weigh from one to three tons each, and its contents are 20,000 barrels, being some twenty times the capacity of the Turn of Heidelberg. Barclay's brewery is already ; half the size of Paxton's Plate-glass Palace, and covers upwards of ten acres ; so if the produce of porter be re- gulated by superficial extent of premises, and there is to be double produce next year, the building ought to be fully equal to the Alad- din-like structure in Hyde-park. The firm brew about half-a- million of barrels a year at present, being at the rate of some ten gallons per head, or per month, for every man, woman, and child in London, saying nothing of what the six other great houses turn out. 