YATALA ELECTION. — MESSRS. ANSTEY AND GILES AT GUMERACKA. It being known that both the candidates would be at the Robert Burns, Gumeracka, on Monday, evening (4th instant), for the purpose of address- ing the electors, a large attendance of the free and independent was attracted. Many of them came from a considerable distance, among whom we observed Mr. T. Reynolds, from Adelaide, and Mr. W. Duf- field from Gawler Town, Mr. Miller, the worthy host, had enlarged one of his apartments specially for the occasion; and the rival candidates having taken their respective positions at the opposite ends of a hastily constructed but convenient dais, Mr. Abraham Shannon was, by unanimous consent, called to the Chair. He said they had once more an opportunity of exercising their newly ceded privilege, the franchise, and that they might do so with credit to themselves, and advantage to the district, both the candidates had kindly attended that evening to disclose their sentiments, to explain their opinions, and give the electors an opportunity of judging for themselves which was the man most likely to represent them efficiently, and to whom they would be willing to confer the power to represent them in the new Council. (Hear, hear.) As Mr. Giles was sitting nearest to him, and also because he was aware of Mr. Anstey being fatigued from having ridden a great distance that day, and had but just arrived from Mount Torrens, where he had addressed the electors there assembled, he (the Chairman) would request Mr. Giles to commence the business of the evening. Mr. Giles said Mr. Anstey was the first in the field, and had a prior right to be heard. Mr. Anstey would, for the sake of gaining time, cheerfully concede to Mr. Giles the right of first addressing the meeting. He would also take it as a favour if Mr. Giles would allow the interval between his (Mr. Anstey's) speech at Mount Torrens and Gumeracka to be as long as possible. (A laugh.) Mr. Giles, without further delay, proceeded to say he appeared there that evening to explain his political views, which he trusted he would do fully ; as he well knew that in contested elections there was, and perhaps unavoidably, a great deal of misrepresentation circulated. (''Hear, hear,'' from Mr. Anstey.) He was far from saying that it was all wilful ; some men might be hard of hearing, others dull of ap- prehension, and in both cases error would arise ; one would only partially hear what was said, and the other would draw perverse con- clusions from all that he heard. (Hear.) As the question of religion stood first in importance, as affecting the permanent welfare of man, as wall as during the temporary excitement of that election, he would primarily dispose of it. It was said, and most untruly, that he was the enemy of the Roman Catholics, because he did not like to be taxed for the support of that religion. (Hear, hear.) For the last thirty years it had been his conscientious conviction that every man should pay for his own religion — (applause)— and that no person should be com- pelled to pay for another man's religion. (Continued applause.) He maintained that if one-half of the colony were, as he believed they were not, conscientiously in favour of the Grant, it would still be unjust to tax the other half to pay it if they were equally conscien- tiously opposed to it. (Applause.) But the injustice was more ap- parent and less excusable when, as he firmly believed, the majority of the people, and the great majority of religious people were opposed to all State interference with religion. It was not possible to collect the funds from all and distribute them among a part without doing an injustice; and when a part of the people could not take the Grant, and objected to pay towards its collection, to compel them was a forcing of men's consciences which Christianity did not teach nor sanction. (Hear, hear.) He went to the New Testament for his code, and found that the Lord Jesus Christ had there laid down all that was neces- sary for the guidance of His people or the government of His Church, His ministers were expressly ordered to go preach to all nations, taking no care for temporal things, without purse or scrip; they were to depend upon the free offerings of the faithful. There was no compulsion there, and that was the code of the New Testament. It had been lately said by Mr. George Stevenson that the Grant was dead. He (Mr. Giles) would not suggest a motive for his saying so, because he did not like to be uncharitable, but he could truly declare he did not concur in that opinion; it was not dead, and it might be revived. (Hear, hear.) He really could not imagine how that man whose far- seeing mind was able to deal with most matters could shut his eyes to the possibility of the subject being reopened, and the colony again burthened with the Grant in Aid. It was said, we will give it up as regards the towns, but it is really required for the country ; but he said the principle was wrong, and if you take £10 now it is only a question of degree or expediency, and, the principle granted, you may hereafter take £10,000. He had said so much at such different places on the subject that he really felt it was threadbare — (''Hear, hear,'' from Mr. Anstey) — but he really could not conceive by what mental obliquity men could regard with complacency the introduction of a principle so fraught with danger to religious liberty. (Hear.) The people should rule the country. Give power to the priests, and, as they had ever done, they would abuse it. Give power to the oligarchs, and, as they never used it wisely or with moderation, so the first use they would make of power would also be to abuse it. The people were the source of power, and there it should centre. (Applause.) In reply to the charge that he was an enemy to all Roman Catholics, he would say that for a consider- able period he was the almoner of a wealthy man, and distributed £12 per week among sick and indigent applicants. It was not his own money for he was always a comparatively poor man ; but he had the dis- bursement of the amount he named, and he was never influenced in a single instance to give or withhold aid by the religion of the applicant; his rule was to relieve the most needy, to aid the poor person that stood most in need of relief. (Applause.) And so through life he was the practical advocate of civil and religious liberty. He admitted the Catholic's right to hold, and hold firmly his conscientious convictions, and he did not deny the right of the Deist to hold his honest opinions. (Hear, hear.) All he (Mr. Giles) could do waste mourn over him and pray for him, but not coerce him. He believed the only- way to increase the ranks of believers was to woo the doubters with kindness, to win them by love, but not to attempt to compel them by coercion. Christians lost the power they might otherwise have over Jews and Deists when they exacted money from them to support a system while teaching that it was a revelation from heaven, and God-sustained, Those men might well say that the Christians were more willing to preach justice than to practise it. It had been said that he could not serve two masters. He thought he could. (A laugh.) He had in his time served 20 masters. His ma- nagement of the affairs of the South Australian Company had never been called in question, and he believed he had given satisfaction in several public capacities in which he had the honour to serve the people. (Hear, hear.) He had been a working servant. He worked regularly seven days a week. (Hear, hear.) Yes, he worked for his employers and the people six days weekly, and the seventh day he devoted to the praise of God and the religious, instruction of His creatures. He felt convinced that there was not a single tenant on the Company's estates who believed him (Mr. Giles) capable of coercing them for voting against him. If there were a person of that opinion present, who would come forward, he (Mr. Giles) would at once promise him that he would never again ask a vote either for himself or for any one else. He would beg of the Company's tenants to vote according to their consciences ; and if they could not so support him, he hoped they would not vote for him. (Applause.) As to the road question, he believed that both his work and Mr. Anstey's was thrown away. Mr. Anstey— I am not of the Central Board. Mr. Giles believed Mr. Anstey's road was better than the Tea-tree Gully. A Voice— So it should, for there was £1,000 laid out upon it. Mr. Giles— A great deal of that money was laid out on other places besides those you refer to. But to return, Mr. Anstey had a family to provide for. (Mr. Anstey— '' No, no!'') Yes, and a garden to attend to. (A laugh.) He had to control his household and cultivate his apples — (continued laughter) — but his private business or his private pleasure would not prevent him serving them in the Council if he were elected, and the fact of his (Mr. Giles) being the Manager of the South Australian Company was in like manner no obstacle to his serving them if they returned him as their member. (Hear, hear.) He would leave that question there; but there was another upon which he must differ with Mr. Anstey— that was the squatting question. It behoved the people to guard against any claim for pre-emptive right. There was not a very great breadth of land available, and as the people wanted it for cultivation the squatter must go back. Every man who had £1 to pay for an acre of land should have the means of effecting the purchase. (Hear, hear.) Then, as to payment for improvements, they all knew how small was the proportion of really good land to every run, and the squatter would be certain to plant his home station on the choicest spot, and to give him a pre-emptive right over it would be in fact to make him a present of the rest. He would give no pre-emptive right. (Mr. Anstey— '' I do not claim it.'') It had been said that he was too old to learn. (A laugh.) It was a truth that as men grew old they grew ob- stinate, but it was quite possible a younger candidate might be equally headstrong, and after all, perhaps it was better to err on the side of firm- ness than by a too great pliancy so vacillate as to be powerless for any good. (Hear.) He would endeavour so to steer, that without yielding to every plausibility, he might never reject reason. (Hear.) They would not have in him the most brilliant of colonial statesmen— (a laugh) — and, in fact, our men of most brilliant talents would not be in the Council; but they wanted honest men, clear-headed men of business, and men who would do the business of legislation in all earnestness and sincerity, for this splendid colony — the pride and glory of the world. (A laugh.) He was an old Radical, and had always been opposed to close boroughs, and they had something of the sort here. He was also for universal suffrage, and none but a lawyer would cavil at the term. He did not mean to include in its operation the wild untutored blacks, but it should extend univer- sally among all civilized, sane, honest men of mature age. (Applause.) The poor possessor of a kitchen garden had as good a right to a vote as he whose well-stocked orchard and vineyard might rival in its horti- cultural triumphs the rare and varied productions of Highereombe, (A laugh.) He had been Chairman at the first meeting of the Ballot Association; but as he and Mr. Anstey were ageed on that subject, he would not dwell upon it. As to nomineeism, he was of opinion there should be seats in Council conferred on four of the principal officers of Government, but the occupants of the seats should be chosen by the people; there should be no Government nominees; in fact, he would never be content while the Governor himself was appointed by the Oueen, and not chosen by the people. (Applause.) Mr. Anstey wished to see a card that Mr. Giles referred to occasion- ally during his address; but that gentleman declined parting with it- Mr. Anstey said he simply wished to ''see the order of the course ;'' as Mr. Giles had introduced many matters which he was not in the habit of referring to ; and he intended to remark upon them before he touched upon the subjects which he considered essential in his address to the electors. Mr. Giles had mooted a ''Catholic question,'' and he would follow in his wake by saying that no one could accuse or suspect him of hostility to the old religion ; for although his convictions were against it, some of his nearest relations and dearest friends were ardently attached to the ancient faith. (Hear, hear.) He had no ill feeling to any form of Christianity — not even to that of his most active opponents— the Independents ; although he could not approve of their intolerant exclusiveness. His impression was, that all sects should be of equal importance in the eye of the State, and all should possess equal rights and privileges. (Applause.) With respect to the much-talked-of Church Grant, he could not avoid calling it a most trumpery question, that was put forward to swallow up every other. The Church Grant was used to close the eyes of the people to the abomi- nable misgovernment that crippled their energies and retarded the progress of improvement. Mr. Giles had cited the Scriptures, and he (Mr. Anstey) confessed he was quite unable to grapple with the texts he quoted. (A laugh.) He would, however, ask, did Mr. Giles or any of his acquaintances abide by the doctrine he referred to that night? Did they go forth without purse or scrip? had not Mr. Giles a purse or money in his pocket at that moment? (A laugh.) If they were not to take a change of raiment, why was Mr. Giles provided with so many coats against the changes of the weather? (Continued laughter.) But in truth, the arguments adduced In serious simplicity by Mr. Giles, could be turned against him; and, tried by the severity of the Scripture standard, the best of them all would be found unprofitable servants. There were, however, many other things in Scripture which had not been referred to by Mr. Giles, and yet might be as appropriately intro- duced in that company — such as the condemnation of ostentatious religion, the assumption of superior purity, the increasing of the width of phylacteries, and pharasaical praying in public places. (Applause.) It was too much the fashion with some people to fortify their arguments by citing passages of Holy Writ, which had much better not be intro- duced, at least on scenes of electioneering excitement. (Applause.) Mr. Giles had generally assumed, for the sake of argument, that there were two equal portions of the people opposed on the Grant question. He (Mr. Anstey) had no such opinion ; he was convinced, indeed, that a number of simple-minded people had been led by the nose by a few artful people. He well knew the use that would be made of his words ; the pride of the people would be appealed to, they would be asked if they would vote for the man who considered them to be so stupid as to submit to nose- leading? (Hear, hear.) Yes, those simple-minded and unsuspecting people were worked on by a few earnest men and by a greater number of artful men who dealt in the most abominable lies, which they imposed on the people until by their endless iteration they nearly imposed on them- selves. (A laugh.) It would not be an injustice if a majority of the people agreed to appropriate a portion of the public revenue to stimulate the Voluntary principle. (Hear.) It would be great tyranny to force the Grant against the will of the people ; but it would be a still worse tyranny to deprive them of it for the sake of pleasing a minority that wished to act the part of ''the dog in the manger.'' (A laugh.) He would under no circumstances force the Grant against the wishes of the people, and he could only consent to its being a temporary measure — a mere annual Grant, until the whole people could be appealed to under an extended franchise. (Applause.) Here he went over his views on the subject, which have been repeatedly published in this paper, and contended that Mr. Giles only followed in the course he (Mr. Anstey) chalked out months ago at Hope Valley. He added, if the new Members of Council were true to themselves, of which he confessed he had great fear, as so many of them conceived they were sent in solely to oppose the Grant ; but if they were true to themselves they would have an amended Constitution in eighteen months. (Cheers.) Under any circumstances he would oppose the present Grant. The Ordinance partook of the partial impracticable character of all its fellow-enactments. He would vote against any measure giving aid to towns ; and he would vote against any measure that proposed to make the Grant permanent. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Thus, he maintained— although he would not desecrate Scripture by quoting it at a political meeting — that he was the exponent of far more liberal principles than those propounded by Mr. Giles. (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Giles had spoken of his ability to serve two masters. He (Mr. Anstey) wished to place on record, regardless of the result of that election, his determination to say nothing disrespectful of Mr. Giles, who was a most worthy man. Indeed he had no fault to find with him beyond his being actuated by a clique. There was nothing to pre- sent a man of Mr. Giles's active business habits doing all he proposed to undertake ; but had he (Mr. Anstey) been malicious, he might have jestingly hinted that the service of God on the seventh day was not too much to counterbalance the service of a different personage for the other six days. (A laugh.) There was another point, however, which Mr. Giles did not come so well through. It was said that no one could touch pitch without being defiled, and it was known that Mr. Giles was the most uncompromising advocate of the sqnatters' interests until the Company's land at Rivoli Bay was sold. (Laughter and cheers.) His remarks on that subject were in as bad taste as if he (Mr. Anstey) had referred to the fire-engine at the Port, or any of the mere annoyances that were bandied about recently. It would have been more respectable of Mr. Giles not to have taken up a vulgar cry brought forward by a dirty agent of the League. He (Mr. Anstey) had within the last few days (and Mr. Giles should be aware of the fact) declared against pre-emptive rights. He was indeed a grower of apples, and he could assure the farmers present that he derived a considerable revenue from that source. (Hear, hear.) He was not only a squatter, he was a cultivator of the soil, and had, as such, expended more money in that district than the South Australian Company. (Hear, hear.) He had expended that money in the pay- ment of skilled agricultural and horticultural labour, and the intro- duction of plants calculated to benefit the colony as well as himself. (Applause.) He had not employed men in the good times only, but at all times, and it was a singular fact that the rate of wages had not varied with him 6d. per week for years. (Applause.) It was not just to him to be represented as s squatter; he held that the pastoral interest must give way before agriculture, of which it is the proper precursor. It would be madness to give any, man a pre-emptive right which would enable him to make a job by selling the land to the injury of the public revenue. (Hear hear.) He had indeed held that if a man had erected a homestead and resided for years in it, he ought to be allowed to purchase it and a reasonable quantity of the land around it; but rather than be charged with asking for the squatter anything inimical in the remotest degree to the interest of the agriculturist, he would abandon even that reason- able position, (Applause.) He would not go so far as to say, with Mr. Giles, that the squatter must be off if the smallest quantity of land be sold, but he would secure the purchaser the same right of pasturage that he might claim if he held land in a proclaimed Hundred. The purchaser in a run should be in as good a position as the purchaser in a Hundred, but he did not see why he should be in a better position. [Applause.) When a run would get dotted over with freeholds the squatter would have to be off, for he would get eaten out. He had so far followed Mr. Giles, and he thought he could appeal with confidence to the electors on his principles, which were as liberal as any they had heard. He differed from Mr. Giles on the Church Grant; that gentle-0 man was unconditionally opposed to it— he was not unconditionally in favour of it. (Hear, hear.) He was also of opinion that religion should form no unimportant part of the popular education, but always where possible with the consent and concurrence of parents. (Applause.) He could not with Mr. Hanson leave the early training of children solely dependent on what could be imparted on the maternal knee; he would feel bound to provide for the contingency of the mother's death, inability, or disinclination to teach, which latter condition might exist with a perfect willingness to accept the teaching of others. (Hear, hear.) He could not consent to leave poor and bereft children to the chances of a wicked world;—cheers— while on the other hand he would not even have the Bible, without note or comment, read by children whose parents disapproved of it (Cheers.) He felt certain that the parents would in most cases recognise the broad principles on which Christianity was founded, and consent to their in- culcation. To forbid that by enactment would be worse than the Blue Laws of Connecticut— laws passed by people holding similar opinions to Mr. Giles. The Roman Catholics did not mix well with the other sects ; but in Ireland the difficulty was got over by good men on both sides foregoing something for the sake of education. (Hear, hear.) He feared that could not be carried out here. The Roman Catholics would not be very likely to join in such a plan, as they were generally located in sufficient numbers to maintain their own schoolmasters ; and it would in such cases be monstrous tyranny to prevent such schoolmasters teaching the catechism approved by their clergy. (Cheers.) He craved attention to the next point to which he intended to refer. He was op- posed to a man whom he had for years regarded as his friend, and he felt it was a misfortune to oppose a friend old enough to be his father; but he must forget the venerable character of the man, and recollect that he represented a principle, and the persons who urged him on. Had he not been a candidate, he would have voted against Mr. Giles ; because, so far as he was concerned, he would prevent a majority of the people passing a law to maintain religion. Who were those men whose conscientious scruples were so strong against the grant? With a trifling ex- ception religionists generally might be for or against it. Where were there more staunch Voluntaryists than the Irish in their own country, yet here they could with perfect propriety accept State Aid. The Independents, Baptists, and a small section of the Church of Scotland alone were those who must on principle refuse it, and they were opposed to the members of the Church of Scotland, the Church of Rome, and the Wesleyan So- ciety. He made that enumeration by way of comment on Mr. Giles's assertion, that a majority of the people were against the Grant Seeing that the opponents were only two small English sects, and an incon- siderable Scotch one, he really could not conceive how Mr. Giles could by figures or by common sense make out his position. (Hear, hear,) He (Mr. Anstey) was not unconditionally in favour of the Grant, but he was unconditionally opposed to any man who was unconditionally opposed to the Grant (A laugh.) There was another point to which he had to call attention; it was painful to have to speak of his late antagonist, and he did so only as he was the man of the League. When Mr. Baker, two days before the election, asked Mr. Hanson if he would accept the office of Advocate-General, he said he would not; that was the only pledge he could break before he took his seat in the Council, and that he did break before he took his seat (Hear, hear.) But if he had made no express verbal pledge, the taking office would be a treachery to the people, as the pledge was sufficiently implied and understood between Mr. Hanson and the electors. Yet the surplus baked meats of his elec- tion dinner might have furnished forth an economical side-dish for the festival at Government House to celebrate his acceptance of office and defection from the people. (Cheers and laughter.) Had he (Mr. Anstey) been the organ of the League, and Mr. Hanson his opponent, he felt convinced many matters would have been noticed which really had nothing to do with the elections, and which he would scorn to dwell on. It was miserable drivelling to say that the preservation and extension of their liberties depended solely on that one question, which the League made all in all. The League had put forward one man, the electors put him in: how had he treated them? The League came for ward with another man; and were he ten times as estimable an indivi- dual—still it would be their duty to reject him if they respected themselves, and entertained a proper sense of the unworthy treatment they received from the former League candidate. (Hear, and applause.) He did not say that merely to gain their votes for himself, for they could get 500 as good as him; but they should evince their sense of the value of the suffrage by, the manner in which they marked an attempt to trifle with it (Hear, hear.) It would not be fair in that case to weigh Mr. Giles's merits as an individual, but as the nominee of the party that deceived them once, and was trying to influence them again with the same pretexts, and for the same object, but he trusted with very different success. (Cheers.) Mr. Giles said the League had not a regular meeting for several months; in fact, there had been but one meeting since the elections commenced, and that was to concert means to assist a poor person. The League that Mr. Anstey was perpetually referring to was a mere ghost — a shadow conjured up by him and Mr. Baker. Their views were nearly alike as to education, but he thought he attached more importance to religious education than Mr. Anstey did; but it would not be managed by any common arrangement ; for instance, Mr. Montefiore said he could not allow his son to kneel at prayer with the other children for teaching him a different doctrine, there would be a danger of bringing both into con- tempt. He was certainly for parental training ; and he would exclude none from the school that believed in the Bible. He had sent his son to a certain school in Adelaide, and he was told that the boy might attend family prayer at home as usual; but after a time he complained that it was useless for him to compete with the other boys, for he lost a mark every day by being absent from the school prayers. (Hear, hear.) He had to take his son from that school, for he felt he was subjected to injustice so long as he remained there ; besides he felt convinced a child never profited by gabbling over prayers at school; better by far let them read daily some of the simply beautiful passages from the New Testament ; but avoid all disputed points. Mr. Anstey wished to correct a mistake into which Mr. Giles had evidently fallen. The school he referred to was a Church of England school ; if it were as exclusive as sectarian schools generally were, still there would be no cause of complaint; but such was the admirable liberality of the Collegiate School, for that was the one referred to, that its important educational advantages could be participated in by the children of dissenting parents of every sect without any violence to their conscientious scruples. It was a perfect model of liberality to all the schools in the Australian colonies ; as the boys who boarded with the master were alone required to attend to Church of England teaching; and the day- boarders were only required to take part in a brief prayer at the commencement and conclusion of study; that the most sensitive and thin-skinned Dissenter could find no fault with. No sectarian's feelings need prevent him from sharing in the advantages of that superior school, except perhaps the Roman Catholics, and they only in consequence of their peculiar position with regard to Protestantism. The Jewish gentleman's son referred to was not re- moved from the Collegiate School for any reason connected with its religious teaching; and there was a Dissenting gentleman in that very district who was quite as strict in his notions as Mr. Giles. He alluded to Mr. Randall; yet he sent his sons to the Collegiate School, and was content that they should be present at the prayer. He regretted to say there were enemies to that valuable institution even in the camp of the Church of England. A futile charge had been recently preferred against the Head Master for enjoining superstitious practices — the practice he was accused of being, it was said, of a Puseyite tendency, namely, that of bowing at the name of Jesus. (Hear, hear.) He could only say that he was taught to do so long before the Puseyite humbug, or the still greater humbug, the Evangelical movement, was heard of. (Hear, hear.) He was always taught to bow reverently at that sacred name, and he trusted the Church of England would preserve her propriety despite of all the outcry raised by the disguised Dissenters who were seeking to destroy it rather than to leave it, being unwilling to part with its emo- luments ; clinging with a tenacity peculiar to the tribe to the loaves and fishes. (Applause.) Mr. Giles said Mr. Randall's sons were not boarders at the College. Mr. Anstey appealed to one of them who was present, and he con- firmed that gentleman's statement Mr. Giles, in reply to Mr. Cave, said the servants of the Company had directions not to solicit votes for him from the tenantry, and if Messrs. Alston and Swaine were doing so it was against his directions, but he could go no further than that ; as Britons, he would not seek to control them. Mr. Fisher and some other electors said the persons referred to had admitted they were desired not to solicit the tenants' votes for Mr. Giles. Mr. Cave wished to know how Mr. Giles could imagine himself pecu- liarly the farmers' friend, or even more so than Mr. Anstey was? Mr. Giles simply wished to be considered what he was, a friend to the farmers. The Company's tenants could best answer for him, and he would be content to abide by their report; while, he would repeat, a squatter must have an antagonistic interest Mr. Cave referred to a report of a meeting of the Central Board, where Mr. Giles met an application for assistance from the Chairman of the Talunga District Board with the cant answer that they had no money ; while almost in the same breath he recommended an outlay of £200 on the Bay-road, which led to his own residence. Mr. Giles denied that . Mr Anstey said nothing could more clearly prove the correctness of a report which he laid before the Government respecting the inefficiency of an unpaid and irresponsible body, than that conversation. They de- rived no advantage from the office they held, and were open to all sorts of imputations. Mr. Reynolds said he wished to ask Mr. Anstey a few questions. Mr. Anstey said he saw by the papers that Mr. Reynolds complained of the contrast of his not having given full and satisfactory answers. He wished to do so there, and hoped that gentleman would unbuckle. (A laugh. A series of questions followed ; some of them evidently arose from misapprehension on the part of Mr. Reynolds, and nothing new was elicited by the others, the object being to show that Mr. Anstey*s opinions being well known to the electors, they selected another candi- date at the last election. In the course of the conversation, Mr. Anstey remarked on a singular oversight of the Returning Officer, who had not, up to that evening, appointed a polling-place at Gumeracka, and de- clared it was his opinion that the oversight originated in the feeling that prompted the Governor to commit an illegality and an absurdity with reference to the Salisbury polling-place, which blunder vitiated the election. Mr. Duffield wished to know what grounds Mr. Anstey had for ac- cusing him of improper conduct during the last election ? Mr. Anstey rose and requested Mr. Duffield to explain Mr. Giles letter. Mr. Duffield could not recollect the exact words he had used in conversation with Mr. Giles, but could only have used such words in jest. The Chairman was convinced, from what he knew of Mr. Duffield's upright character and jocose disposition, that he gave the correct ex- planation of the matter. Mr. Duffield denied that Mr. Hanson had an active Committee, as had been stated; and he himself was present when Mr. Hanson said if he accepted the office of Advocate-General he would resign. Mr. Anstey—Unless that was said in reply to Mr. J. Baker, it does not mend the matter. Was it so ? Mr. Duffield really could not recollect After some further contest, Mr. Anstey proposed, and Mr. Reynolds seconded, a vote of thanks to the Chairman. It was carried by ac- clamation; and he, in dismissing the meeting, complimented the electors on their orderly behaviour. There was another affair disposed of before the electors separated, the neglect to fix definitely a polling-place at Gumeracka came under discussion, and the Governor's motives were canvassed very freely, the whole blame of the omission being laid at his door. The feeling being general that the state of the roads would render it so inconvenient to attend at Houghton, that many would prefer submitting to a de- privation of the franchise rather than journey so far to exercise it, it was resolved to forward remonstrances to the Colonial Secretary and the Returning Officer. The following is a copy of one of the docu- ments drawn, up and signed hastily : — "Gumeracka, 4th August. "Sir— We, the undersigned electors of the district of Yatala, have the honour to draw your attention to the fact that no polling-place in this portion of the district has been specifically described by the Returning Officer, by notice posted as at other places, and we beg to suggest that should it be necessary to do so, the same should be immediately per- formed, or we shall lose our election privileges in this portion of the district. "J. D. CAVE...................................................JOHN FISHER WALTER DUFFILED......................................EDWARD STACKPOOLE ABRAHAM SHANNON....................................JOHN FORSTER JAMES O'LOUGHLIN.....................................GEO. FORSTER J. R. G. FOWLER "To the Hon. the Colonial Secretary.'' Our reporter was requested to forward the above and its companion, addressed to Mr. Moorhouse, and he posted them yesterday (Tuesday), before half-past 2 o'clock, at the General Post Office, Adelaide. The consumption of cotton daring tap last year at Manchester, it is stated, was upwards of 770,000,000 lbs. or about 1,000 tons per day. 