THE MILL OF ATHOLL'S GLEN. (After Ostiem, hy Punch.) "Why is the peeper of Atholl closed? Where» fore is the eye of Strange surrounded with a ring of purple ? It ia the print of the Southron knuckle-the fist mark of the Cambridge Undergraduate, heavy, handed bruiser. Cambridge Undergraduate, bruiser of the beary hand, wherefore didst thou darken the eye of Strange? Why bungedst thou up the peeper of Atholl? The autumn winds were singing the coronach of j the summer in Glen Tilt. A moaning, as of no j end of ghosts, swept throngh the hollow glen, j There, with the red and brown leaves falling around \ him, stood the chief of Clan Atholl, with a party of ; ladies and gentlemen. j Shrowded in the mist of the distance cometh ?andy Maclaren. With him behold two stranger I forms approaching. Onward they come, with the j sturdy tramp of youth ; stout are the cudgels which they grasp in their nervous fists. I Ho, there, ye that range unbidden, the Glen of : Tilt ! Halt, ye wanderers from the land of cockney ! j Stand, ye jumpers of the counter ! We are no jumpers of the counter ; no wanderers are we from the land of Cockney. We come from j the meadows that are watered by the Cam-from j the abodes were learning dwelleth in her colleges ( and halL 1 hither journey we on this beaten track, j And who the deuce art thou that hinderest us ? Ken ye not theJChief of Clan Atholl-the tourist baffling Duke of the impassable glen ? \ For the Chief of Atholl s Clan we care not a dump ; the Duke of the impassable glen we value ] not at a farthing. We have passed the Asses-bridge, I wherefore should we not cross thy glen ? Chief of j Clan Athol get out of the way ! Duke of the im- j passable gleu, stand out of the sunshine ! Fire flashed from the eye of Atholl ; wrath blazed from the countenance of Strange. By the collar he seized the foremost youth. Back? Keturn by the way thou earnest. Back ! or, by the beard of j my ten thousand ancestors, ye shall rue the day 2 j Back, I 6ay, on your lives, ye sons of Granta ! Unhand' me. C hief of Clan Atholl, or whoever thou art ! Unhand me, I say, or I will punch thine head. 1 hou wilt not ? No? -Here goeth then-j take that for thyself. Together they rushed ; the son of Granta and Chief of Clan Atholl. Furious was the Chief, and wild and aroused was the Undergraduate's monkey. Blow WAS exchanged for blow, lunge for lunge, 6lash for slash ; heavy was the countering, and the knocks resounded. Loud shouted the gentlemen, shrill were the screams of the ladies. The Chief was overcome with fury, and hit all abroad. Wary was the Cantabrigian youth, well trained on the pleasanÇbanksof.the Cam to encounter in stand-np mill the brawny bargee. Sharp fell the < stinger oh the proboscis of Strange ; fast flowed the claret from the conk of Atholl. One, two, were planted on the optics of the Chief-darkness swam before him ; then fell a stunner ou bis ducal frontia Siece, and he was doubled up by a finisher in the readbasket. Me staggered-he fell into the arms of his faithful henchman-even the arms of Sandy Maclarran. To the rescue. Donald of the tufted chin ! Roderick of the red moustachios, to the help of your Chief! Hamish of the pipes-Dougal the breekless-claymore for Clan Atholl ! The eight hands of the fonr bold grooms are at once on the collar of the Sassenach. As many more grasped the coat tails of his companion-the Heelandmen were braw. From before the bruised face of their chieftain they drag away the sons of Granta. Mourn: for eechymosis encircles the ogle of Strange t lament ; for the vis lal organ of Atholl is darkened. Raise the sound of wail upon a thoa sand bagpipes ! Closed is the ere of him who would close G len Tilt to the traveller. Contusion sits on the brow of the chieftain ; the countenance of the Dake beareth marks of punishment. SEX OF EGGS.- A correspondent of the Agricultural Gazette says-** I am induced to tell you, that without pretending to any know, ledge of abstruse mysteries, I ha%e learned to discover which eggs will produce pullets, and have pursued the practice through this season with uniform successs. It consists simply in this To avoid setting the long-shaped eggs (which always produce cocks), choosing the rounder and plumper ones. -Generally, too, I have found that the very largest eggs produce male birds. I select, therefore, the most pro mising rounder-shaped eggs, without taking the very largest. It is certainly an important matter to succeed in this department, often myself having had the mortification to have a whole brood ot cocks, or nearly so ; the avoid» ance of this inconvenience is truly a desider atum. 