THU Fromm PHKSIDKNT.-WO find tho follow- ing m tho Lulktm de Parin Tho number of petitions for assistance, addressed to tho Presi- dent of tho Itepublio is at tho minimum «0, and somotimes as many as 250 a day, making an average of lßO, Admitting that one-third of those demands aro rojectod, there still remain 100 to satisfy overy day, or 30,000 a year, It is im- possible to ostimate tho averago of tho assistance granted at less than SQf, At that rate it is about . l.lOO.OOOf, a year, which tho President expends in daily assistance, without reckoning subscriptions to balls, concerts, benefits, races, charitable works, encouragement to the arts, manufactures, commerce, &o.; It will thus be seen that the funds of the dotation are in great part employed before- hand, and in a manner which cannot excite any political susceptibilities." TUE DISAPPEARANCE OF FAIRIES.-"How do you account," said the late Rev. Mr. Macbean, of Alves, to a sagacious old elder of his session, "for the nlmost total disappearance of ghosts and fairies that used to be ,so common in your;younger days?" "Talc' my word for't, minister.'",.-re plied the shrewd old man, "its a' owlngvtq'the tea. When tho toa cam' in, the ghaists^and fairies gaed out. Weel do I mind, when at á''óur''neigh- bourly meetings, bridals, christenings, lylcöwauks, an' the like, wo entertained ano'anqther wi' rich nappy alo ; and the verra donniest p^'uruspd to get warm i' tho face, an' a littlo'confused in tho head, an' weel fit to seo amist onything when on tho muirs on our way homo. But tho tea has put out tho nappy ; an' I have remarked, that by . losing tho nappy, wo lost baith ghaists and fairies." '-Elgin Courier, \- SmANGE CASE.-A very singular case of cure of deafness from travelling on the railway has just como under our notice. Shortly after the opening of tho Oxford and Banbury Railway, ari elderly lady, who had boen perfectly deaf for neaii'ly eight years previously, started by that railway from this oity for the purpose of paying a visit to her relatives in Banbury. Buring her journey, from tho noiso and the unusual mode of travelling sho became nervously excited ; she suddenly felt something in her ear give way with a slight noiso ; and to her groat joy she found, beforo arriving at Banbury, that her hoaring was perfectly restored to her, and so it has continued, to tho no small gratification of herself and her friends. The caso has come under our immediate observation, for wo saw tho lady shortly beforo sho went to Banbury, and wo have seen her since sho came back ; wo can therefore vouch for tho facts as we have stated thom.-Oxford Journal._ 