A VISIT TO NEW ZEALAND. CHAP. xm. (Conclusion. J The originnl promoters of New Zealand colonization thought themselves wiso in their generation. They bestowed {trent pains upon their self-npnomtpil task, and applied their minds with vigour und détermination to its execution. But in the blindness of their zeal, tlicy neglected to provide tlinf sine qua non in nil »| eculiitions, vulgarly culled " a trump parti." There cprtninly was a talk nbotit phormium teuax, or native flux of the country-ami sewrnl desperate expei¡menin were made in London with H view to show it» 1 tuperi iriiy to evciyotim substanceul ita Lind. ' The phqrrnium tenw, however, continued to grow uselessly-and up to the present time, I ara not aware that it has proved in any way likely to take the lead as the staple production of New Zealand. Ever)' scheme invented by the sanguine settlers for pre- paring the flax, has failed, and the idea of its becoming a profitable article of export has at length been adjourned sine die. The deluded coloni>ts, in despair, betook themselves to sheep farming : aud in spite of the endless difficulties in which the coun- try lins been involved by the conflicting in- terests of the Government and of the New Zealand Company's allottees, some of the more determined and pains-taking among them, succeeded in establishing stations, and have reaped a remunerating harvest. New Zealand wool has quietly crept into the Eu- ropean market, and promises to compete suc- cessfully with the produce of Australia. Several instances could be adduced of little fortunes realised by the patient and syste- matic pursuit of pastoral adventure. One of the " pilgrim fathers " who landed in the country ten years ago, with only a few hun- dreds at his command, is now the undisputed lord o"f many thousand sheep, nnd calculates his income at five hundred pounds a-year. Agriculture, also, has attracted a share of attention, the first labour of the colonists were of course limited to their gardens. rJ hey have been particularly successful in the cultivation of fruit trees. The annual ex hihiiion of the Horticultural Society, which happened to take place during my stny at Wellington, was most creditable to the in- dustry of the Settlers, and afforded abundant evidence of the capabilities of the soil. The Hon. M. Pctre, and Mr. St. Hill, nre honorably distinguished among the amateur horticulturists. The latter gentleman's gar- I dens nre the admiration of every visitor Ile has spared no pains and no expense; and his specimens, exhibited at the show, were very little, if at all, inferior to the best productions of the Mother Country. The wheat grown in New Zealand, has already an European reputation j and now thut the territorial squabbles hnve cometo an end, by the dissolution of the. Company, agricultural pursuits must naturally take the lend ; and the dream of the speculator may yet be realized, that New Zealand is destined to become, the granary of the Southern Hemisphere. But the colonists have had n hard struggle ; and nt one time they had well nigh given i>p the ghost altogether. At the very worst stage of their nffairs, however, the news of the Californian gold discoveries came, like a message of reprieve, to revive their fainting cuergies. The intelligence acted like magic . upon the imagination of the colonists. A glance at the map of the world, on Mercntor's projection, shewed them their favorable position for trade with the new Dorado. Ilere was the trump card ! Here was the great Eureka"} And the settlers were not slow in comprehending the ndvnutage. They immediately decreed the conversion of their forests into gold. The idlers forgot their idling, and betook themselves to the woods, with axes on their shoulders and high hopes in their hearts. Great activity pre- vailed among the sawyers and the sailors. All the ships in the harbours were laid on for. San Francisco. Nothing could bo easier than to persuade oneself that Kauri was the very thing with which to build Monte rooms mid Chinese restaurants. News arrived of one of the Californian conflagration*», and some of the worUiy speculators nearly died ofjov. " Lumber " could be put on board for ü?10 per thousand, and the price in San Francisco, by the latest authentic accounts, was no less than six hundred dollnrs ! Who could forbear io plunge into the glittering adventure. What was cattle nod sheep farming when compared to the golden trade ? Then there were all the possibilities to he tnken into account, A return vovure by China, by Mamin, and New South Wales) golden profits invested in teas, cigars, and h beep-t lie market f< r which, of course, would be infinitely enlarged by tho expected accession to the population, in consequence of the Canterbury scheme. In short, there would he no limit to the prosperity of New Zealand. All the difficulties of the Land question were to solve themselves at once and as to the natives, the sooner they levant- ed to New Guinea, or to any other corner of the uncivilised earth the better! But all these fine visions were destined to mere oblivion-the cargoes of New Zealand timber were too late in the field. Brother i Jonathan forestalled the far iiwny colonists ; and when the '* lumber" arrived in the lî.ty 1 of San Frauchen, the prion per mille had fallen-to less t'an 80 dollars ! ( Ttinf speculnt ion, therefore, turned out a dead loss-and the colonists ngniu took up their legitimate occupations. When brilliant prospects fail, and our hopes of train mid glory are f pattered to the winds, not lung «(fords such consolation as the eulrivntion of the soil. Cicero ni.d Diocletian both testify to the fni't. Confucius mentions ploughing as one of the greu -vst virtues. Virgil lins painted its ehnrms, and Horace lins »-ung its pruise; and every succeeding a¡^e Ima confirmed the wisdom of the words: "Nibil agricultura uielius, nibil sanius, nihil homiuc libero dignuis." But, not to sink to the 1 vpl of more honest ' peiiMiutrv, the people of New Zealand have Htrennini!>iy studied the theory of po ities j anil have exhibited far greater vitality in (bis íespcet than, from the sinHlinessof their until bein, mid their scattered situation, could, prim if urie, have been expected, 'i hey httve earned for themselves the reputation pf " a grumbling, remonstrating, energetic lot»" The old struggle for the mastery between self-government and despotism has been carried on with a gusto which might well shame an older and more powerful commu- nity. New Zealand has nobly vindicated the ancient colonial theory of perfect equality with the mother country, and though she has not succeeded yet, in getting rid of the incubus of an ignorant and besotted bureau- cracy she has loudly protested against the nuisance, and unequivocally shewn her deter- mination to abate it. In reply to the laughable proposal to create colonial peerngís-A proposal seriously put forth by Edward Gibbon Wakefield in his latest and most comprehensive work, " The Art of Colonization"-the New Zealanders have simply, but significantly declared for Chartism-plain, unvarnished, undisguised Chartism-they have deliberately considered the question of their future polity-they have patiently discussed every proposition that has been laid before them-and they have publicly resolved that they will, henceforth, be governed unon the principles of " The Peoples' Charter ! " Ne vous en déplaise, ray Lords, Secretaries of State, nnd Right Reverend Canterbury and Lyttleton Exclusives? This is a great fact a very portentous fact. Chartism is, in truth, the political colour of the colonies. However the thing mny be denied, however it may be veiled, it is impossible for any candid mind to I ignore the spirit of the times. Bot in fliese new countries, Chartism is not the spectre that frights the nooodles of the aristocracy in old, privileged England. It is the birthright of the colonies. Their normal institution, the original political esse of the Anglo-Saxon offshoots-and nothing within the range of legitimate expectation can stop the natural development in the 1 Southern "World of the principles of political I liberty. 