MISCELLANEOUS. The Ghost in Hamlet. — The socno with the ghost and the ghost's narrntivo wofo also admirably introduced — in fact, it could not have been done so well at anv other period of the action as when it was, the audience having been worked up to a state of anxiety to know why the ghost should " walk the earth." Several persons besides Hamlet had seen the ghost and heard it speak ; why then, in the third act, when the ghost en tered the chamber, did not the Queen see it also '! For many years lie (Mr Lewes) imagined that this was an over sight or more wilfullness on the part of Shakspcre ; but on profounder consider ation of Shakspere's art, and his treat- monl nf flin cm nrrn n t n ml lir VmHrfful that this conclusion was untenable. A German eritie had suggested that the Queen did not sec the ghost because of her impurity, which prevented her see ing anything spiritual ; this idea was certainly very German, but not at all Shaksperian. His own solution of the matter was, that Shakspcre, in common with the mcu of his age, admitted the existence of ghosts, as well as a sort of phantasmal existence ; that there was a ghost — a being, an entity, not having any relation to the seer ; and that be yond this, there was a spectral ghost — a ghost carved out of the seer's own thoughts — his own nature, projected out of him, — and resulting from his guilty thoughts, or terrors, or whatever else might be in the immediate circumstance under which it was seen. Spectral illu sions, as such, were familiar to everybody, and although ghosts, as bodily existences, nut; iivu cuvu w existed not many years ago. Shakspcre himself seemed 'to draw a distinction be tween a phantasy and a ghost in the very first scene in Hamlet, where he makes Marcellus say with reference to the ghost, — " Horatio says 'tis but our phantasy, And will not let belief take hold of him Touching this dreadful tight, twice teen of us." On the platform at Elsinore, at mid night, in deep silence, by moonlight, and surrounded by a "nipping and ea ger air," the ghost was in its proper sce nery, and it was seen and spoken to ; but when it appeared in broad daylight, not in a desolate spot, but in a chamber, then he ( Mr Lewes ) contended that it was not a ghost but a phantasm. Bauquo's ghost, too, was only a phantasm, shaped outof Macbcth's own guilty thoughts — it- rose as such, and as such passed away. Mr. Lewes quoted several other instances from Shakespcre and other writers, in confirmation of the views he had taken. In the first edition of the existing " Hamlet " there occured the very sig nificant stage direction, " Enter ghost, in his night-gown." Shakesperc himself played the ghost at first, and if he put lu tills (iiriCuOu, ic muai nave ueea ior the purpose of making this distinction — that when the ghost appeared as a ghost, and trod the platform at Elsinore, it wal ked in the armour in which the king was buried ; but when it appeared as a phantasm, it was as Hamlet described — " My father as he lived — that was not in his armour, but in his ordinary clothes. — Mr. G. II. -Lores. A Jolly Life. — Insects generally must lead a truly jovial life. Think what it must be to lodge in a lily. Imagine a palace of ivory or pearl, with pillars of silver and capitals of gold, all exhaling such aperfume as never arose from human censer. Fancy again, the fun of tucking yourself up for the night in the folds of a rose, rocked to sleep by the gentle sighs of summer air, nothing to do when you awake, but to wash yourself in a dew drop, and fall to and eat your bedclothes ! Characteristics of Centuries. — The thirteenth century was the age of chi valry ; the fourteenth of commerce ; the fifteenth of printing, and discovery (pas sages to India and America) ; the six teenth of religion ; the seventeenth of science ; the eighteenth of war, politics, and public change; the nineteenth seems to be the age of mechanical invention. — The Loolcer On. The wages paid to the wretched wo men by the British and Foreign Bible Society prove that, whatever else they may desire to make of religion, they have no wish to make it 'binding.' — Punch. Hammersmith and Rome. — At the present time, when so many persons are wishing " confusion to the Hope," it is desirable that the Hope "or Bishop of Borne should not be confounded with the Hope who is the carrier between Ham mersmith and the metropolis, or rather that Mr Pope should not bo confounded with Hio Nouo. There is this important difference between the two individuals — that the Hope of Hammersmith confines himself to carrying some things behind him within his regular district, wheieas the Pope of Iloine wants to carry every thing before him in territories quite be yond his province — Punch. The Backward Lover and the For ward Maid. — Scarborough clocks are, or at least used to bo in the olden time, celebrated for being always too fast. There is a pretty little talo told of a Yorkshire lass, who, being tired out with her sweetheart's never putting the necessary question, at last plumply and plainly made tho vonturo herself, and asked him whether or not it was his in tention to marry her j when, Yorkshire like, ho coolly replied, "I think, my dear, you're liko tho Scarborough clocks — you're rather tooforwurd !" — Literary Gazette. T Vise Gaiety v. Foolish Gravity. — It was a saying of Paley that he who is not a fool half the time, is a fool the wholo tirno. _ llobert Hull, who held u similar opinion, oa being reproached by a vory dull preacher with the exclama tion — 'How can a man who preaches like you talk iu so trifling a manner ?' replied, ' Thcro, brother, is the differ ence betwoon us; you talk your non sense in tho pulpit — I talk mine out of it.' The emineut Dr Crotch, being in tho midst of a frolio on one occasion, and seoing a dignified, unbending counte nance approaching, exclaimed, ' Stop ! wo must be grave now ; there is a fool coiniug !' ' You want a flogging, that's what you want,' said a parent to an unruly son. ' I know it dud ; but I'll try to get along without it,' said the indepen dent brat. !! ij the Pope's Bull is to be Eaten. —With Durham mustard. — Punch. j Tiie Same Fix. — A domestic newly ! engaged, presented to his master onomor- I niug pair of boots, the leg of one of I which was much longer thau tho other. "How comes it Patrick, that these boots arc not of the same length i " I rally do'nt know, sir ; but what, bothers me most is, that the pair down stairs is in t lie same fix." — iVi'ir 1 ork Paper. The cuiuiency in California. — California, according to the Liverpool Times, now boasts a newspaper, called the Californian Ielust rated Hews. The price, says the publisher, " to bring it within the reach of the poorest-, is only one dollar a number. The Califor- uiau gold seems nothing to tho Califor nian paper. — Punch. The mau who got drunk on small beor, and then undertook to cut his throat with a rod herring, has had his sentence commuted. Tobacco. — Mr Lillingstono, of Lock- alsh, has introduced the plan ting of tobac co on liiscstatc, and fields which formerly grew potatoes now bear a luxuriant crop of this plant. It remains to be seen whether the plantwill decline in autumn, or "end iu smoke" — Inverness Courier. Marriage. — Whether you bo a con firmed bachelor, or merely for a year or two by a concurrence of untoward cir cumstances, the word of command is — go marry, sir, and know before you die what the words comfort, kindly feeling, and economy mean. Bo selfish and re cluse no longer, but give your, affections and a portion of your worldly means to one who will double all your joys and divide all your sorrows. Instead of misspending all these on birds, cats, ana aogs, great auu ouiuu, nuiw,, and spotted, select an object more worthy of it than fourfooted animals and creeping things. Instead of yawning over a book as your dull and daily companion, smile rather on tho faces of a blooming and joyous family, as the only way to make a plaeo of rest and happiness. — Furnish your house with easy chairs, sofas, and settees — have a vapour, a shower aud plunge bath, cold, warm, or tepid — have a snug porch and green door, with a fan light, and a stove in the lobby, with a fluo of heated air in the main staircase to tho top — have a roaring fire in tho par lour every morning before breakfast, with all sorts of antique firc-sereens, large and little — have a fiddle, a soli taire, a tobacco pipe, or a set of stock ing wires, to vary your occupation, or when you go out for an hour to snuff up the east wmus, put on your cors soles, over alls, and dreadnought, and go to bed at miduight, or long after. Brougham s Head Crackit Before — Mrs. Brougham, mother of the ex- Chancellor, says an Edinburgh friend, « as a most excellent and thrifty house wife. On one occasion she was much troubled won a servant addicted to dish- breaking, and who used to allege, in ex tenuation of her fault, '' it was crackit before " One morning little Harry tumbled down stairs' when the fond mother running afier him, ex claimed, "Oh, boy, have you broken your head;" " No, ma," said the future Chancellor, " it was crackit before," — Glasgow Daily Mail. Parliamentary Errors. — Sin Jodiun Walmsley , in addressing his constituents at Bolton the other Jay, said — " Parlia ment lias sanctioned the most unprovoked invasions, the most bloody wars, and the most cruel aggressions on tiie territories and the liberties of the people of other countries. It has refused to look into tile crying abuses and rank injustice of the Established Church in Ireland. It has added to the national debt, and increased the taxation ten millions. It has swelled the pension list, and per petrated as many jobs as ever character ised anv former Parliament. It has just ified and applauded acts of governors abroad that have made the British name an offence to the natives of distant coun tries. It has allowed a hoary monopoly to run riot, in the excess of its power, amonga hundred millions in India, while that body has neglected or perverted the resources of that magnificent empire which ought to be a mine of wealth and prosperity to the people of tins country. It lias imprisoned and transported hun dreds of men for an ill-judged and some- times violent advocacy of the cause of political reform, while it has treated with silence, derision or contempt, the respectful petitions of millions of the people. It has, again and again, refused the extension of the franchise on the alleged ground of the peoplt's ignuranee yet, to the present hour, ii has continued the taxes which prevent the people from obtaining cheap knowledge It tells the people that cleanliness is next to godli ness, and that to be unwashed is a rea son for being unfranchised. Yet it lays a lax upon soap, aud upholds the monopoly of water. It tells the people to be temperate, and to turn from the gin shop to the grocei's, yet levies a tax upon tea of 2s. 2Ad. per pound, or more than double its cost price in the wholesale market. It professes a zeal for lite public health, yet taxes the openings a man makes in his own dwelling to admit the pure light and breath of the beneficent heavens." 