INFANT REGENERATION. Some weeks ago we marked the following letter, which appeared in Belts Messenger, on 3rd September, for insertion in this journal ; but unfortunately mislaid it. Finding it in a contemporary of Saturday, we gladly now j Tepublish it, being, in our estimation, by far j the most common sense and scriptural view which has been taken of the subject ; j "THE »EV. DE. M'KEILE AND 0!HE EXETER TCoirraoVEiisY. "We lay before our readers-the following letter from the pen of Dr. M'Neile, in answer to a clergyman who had written to him, citing Yrom the Doctor's publication several statements 1 against latitudinarian indifference, and asking it it could be possible that the author of such statements had expressed his approval of the recent judgment of the Privy Council in the ease of Gorham v. the Bishop of Exeter :-? *f Reverend Sir-I hava been in Ireland for some time or I would at an fâcher date have acknow ledged your letter, and replied to it in that spirit of Christian candour and courtesy which you invoke. " I do cordially approve of and thankfully rejoice iu thu recent judgment of the Privy Council. " Tou seem to think that such approval would be inconsistent 'with the strong and recited denuncia*, tions of latitudinarian principles contained in my speeches and writings I do not agree with you and I will briefly tell you why. I cannot command tim« to go largely into the subject. " I detest the latitudinarian! which makes light of any Word of God ; and of coarse that which would deal even-handed with Popery. Socinianiam, and Christianity. Against this I have written and spoken, and hope again to write and speak, just in \ such terms as you have quoted from my books. " I eanally detest the narrow-minded bigotry which would exalt any rubric, or canon, or cate chism, or prayer, of man's composition, into the place of a Word of God. Concerning the efficacy of baptism upon infants, concerning the baptism bf infants at all-I do not know any one Word of God. lt is never once mentioned in Holy Scripture. The antiquity of the practice is undoubted as a matter cf fact, and I very cordially agree with those who think it ' most agreeable with the institution of Christ.' ' But all that men have written about its efficacy, the guando and the guomodo, is no more and no better than inference-inference honestly drawn, let us grant, but certainly fallibly, and by some I erroneously, since all do not infer alike. He who elevates any such inference into the place and authority of the Word of God, and thereupon pronounces an opposing inference to he heresy, seems to me to arrogate infallibility (at least in this instance) to himself. "The recent judgment of the Privy Council bas checked such .arrogance, therefore I rejoice in it. . - ? " I may express my combined conviction thus in Divine truth no latitude ; ia human inferences no bigotry. *' Is the proper Godhead or the true humanity of the Saviour the question ? Is the atonement the question ? Is th« Divinty, personality, or agency of j the Holy Ghost in question ? Is the bowing down before images' the question ? Is anything on which God has plainly spoken the question ? Then after the first and second admonition reject the heretic. " But is the efficacy of baptism to infants the question ? or anything else on which God has not spoken t Then inferences may vary, but he who on either side would excommunicate is himself the schismatic. '"Your inference that man must be entirely irresponsible under the Christian dispensation, If there be such a thing aa a prevenient or arbitrary act of grace united to means,' appears to me to be utterly unfounded- nay ludicrously absurd ; but I would be sorry to call you, or think of you as a heretic for holding it. My inferences on the sub ject, as you will find them detailed in the chapter on baptism, in my book entitled The Church and the Churches, will probably appear to you to be wholly unsound, but I hope you will not thereupon excommunicate me u Instead of differing among ourselves concerning inferences of doubtful disputation, let us combine our energies against the common enemies-infidelity on the one aide, which would deprive us of authori tative revelation altogether ; and Romanism on the other, with its insidious reserves and shows of humility, which would practically supercede the revelation of God by corrupt, and therefore more palatable, traditions of mea. -Iam,Reverend Sir Very faithfully yours, " HUGH U'NEIUE. Liverpool, August 24,1850. "Toa ask permission to snow my reply toa friend. Yon nave foll consent to make any use of it you please." 