THE MTKUltST M j&ESS.;_ SATURDAY, APRIL 19, 1851. 'SIAGNA EST VERITAS ET PHiEVALEBIT.' ELECTORAL DISTRICTS. The Honorable and learned Member for Cook and Westmoreland with his usual happy knack of eaying ridiculous things, gravely twitted Mr. Lamb on the second reading of the New South Wales Electoral Bill, on the little purpose to which he had read history if it had not taught him ' that the towns were always the foremost in pro moting rebellion and disturbance.' To this very astounding piece of intelligence he attaches a moral, but whether as an infer ence or an excrescence he. does not say ; and Mr. Martin's moral is, that on account of their 'tendency to insurrection' ' the preponderance »f political influence should be given to the rural districts.' And this is one of the principal reasons why that most loquacious gentleman supports the measure introduced by government for the division of the colony into electoral dis tricts. Listen to this logic, ye men of Birmingham, and stand abashed ! Your rebellious propensities conquered the Re form Bill from the English aristocracy! Shades of Cobden and Bright not yet de parted from your living tenements ! Could we but transplant you from the congenial tmo?phere of the British House of Com mons, without depriving your earthly taber nacles of vitality, to our colonial school of eloquence and statesmanship, would ye not grow pale when our Martin, in his own chaste style, had arraigned you for your besetting sins, committed in the active spirit of discontent and disaffection against a monster monopoly, which you diffused through the towns and cities of England 1 Sodom, and Gomorrah would grow virtuous in the rhetoric of. this unfledged legislator, when compared with the iron and cotton emporiums of the mother country. He would deprive their intelligent thousands of their political rights, and for the sake of peace and good government tiansfer them to the less contumacious clodpoles of Buck ingham -shear. Ghosts of Grattan and Old Sarum, where are ye'? Rouse from the tomb of the Capulets to which reforming Englishmen consigned you, and visit our southern hemisphere. We will re-invest you with a political local habitation, and give you Messrs. Martin and Dangar to re present your wealth, intelligence and popu lation. By the way. we would beg; to. suggest, that it be moved in committee by some public spirited gentleman, that the windmill and hostelry at Siimtnerhill be constituted a ' rural' borough, that its name be changed to young Sarum. and as its patronage will be in the giving of our own Wentworth, that the latter as a public favour be requested not to forget the pro mising young chicken which broods under his wings. Mr. Lamb spoke nearly the truth when he informed the House that the strongest objections to the Electoral Bill existed throughout all classes of the community, but he ought to have exempted the squat ters. It is without question ' a piece of wretched patch-work— a very nice sample of class legislation. Had the honorable gentleman at the head of the. Colonial Go vernment, not informed the House, that in apportioning the representation, 'population and property combined ought to be consi dered, the House and the country would have been sorely puzzled to discover that such a principle had been carried out' in the proposed measure. But he did not go far enough in explaining the nature of the principle. He ought to have informed us how many sheep were, in a political sense, equal to one human being, and how many cattle equal to a borough. And so far as town or city property was concerned, we should have been delighted to learn- from the Colonial Secretary what quantity of land and bricks are equivalent to any given quantity of intelligence and brains. Had he condescended to bestow this information, we should have had a well-defined prin ciple upon which to base our calculations. Having ascertained that one squatter and two herds of bullocks, or two sheep- holders and five flocks of sheep, were equivalent to one hundred and fifty ten-pound house holders, a Rule-of-Three sum would have settled the question. By multiplying the second and third together, and dividing by the first, we should have had the represen tation of Sydney or the Western Boroughs in a jiffey. After trying all sorts of tests in vain to discover how the fourth term in such a question could give the population und property of Sydney two members only, we have arrived at the conclusion that Mr. E. Deas Thomson and his colleagues must have abandoned the Rule of Three for the Rule of Thumb, or that they have extra ordinary notions of the inherent represen tative value of the inferior order of animals and inanimate nature. ? The representation granted by the British Reform Bill of 1S32 was extensively quoted by the originators and supporters of the Government measure. Now, these gentlemen must be lamentably ignorant of the spirit of the age, particularly as it evinces itself in England, if they believe for one moment, that the provisions of that Bill, or in other words, the present consti tution of the House of Commons is not, as far in arrear of public intelligence, as that measure is in advance of the good old fashioned pocket-borough system. Who will imagine for a second, that that House works out the people's will, when in the very same session, it granted £30,000 for the education of the people, and the same sum to repair the Queen's stables ? And this scandalous misappropriation of John Bull's cash, was the act and deed of that reformed H»use of Commons to which the honorable the Colonial Secretary asks to assimilate our constitution. The House of Commons and the Government which springs from it, which could munificently bestowf£l2,000 .a-year upon the third de scendant of a king, and insults the widow of a man like Lieutenant Waghorn who had done more for the good of his country than a, gross of royal dukes, with a paltry and despicable stipend of £40 a-year, are held up to out admiring gaze as patterns of administrative perfection, and worthy to be copied ! We have not space to multiply instances of the legal annual robbery which that reformed House commits upon the hardest worked people in the world. They form a long, black catalogue of legalised pillage, which nothing but a rotten and corrupt system could perpetuate, and which is doomed to destruction by the almighty power of the grey goose-quill and the growing intelligence of the plundered. Who believed Lord John Russell when he de clared to the House and country, the finality of the Reform Bill *? Nobody but the meek spirited heads of the poor man's church* — the' host of respectable paupers that hang upon the skirts of the aristocracy, the swarm of placemen and pensioners that feed upon the vitals of England's prosperity, like so many cormorants, ever believed it, and even they rather hoped than believed. Lord John himself knows as well as any mnn in the Three Kingdoms, that he was uttering a stupid fallacy, but he applied it as a sort of quietus to the troubled spirit of his brother aristocrats and the venerable fathers of the national church. The ministry have a dif ficult game to pl;iy , and to secure themselves in office, and the loaves and fishes which it offers, it is, under the present system ne cessary that they should flatter, soothe, and conciliate all the higher powers, and at the same time to throw an occasional bait to that obstreperous fellow, John Bull, and keep him amused. The cry once set up of the Church or the aristocracy in danger, some healing balsam, some Dr. Solomon's golden ointment must be applied to these alarmed magnates to quiet their rebellious alarms. We have said quite enough to show that the Reform Bill of 1 S32 is not, can not be anything like a faithful representation of the will and intelligence of the English people, that it is behindthe spirit of the age, that by its constitution it is enabled to plunder the 'millions whom it (mis) governs to an enormous extent. And we, thereforer contend that it is no model, as regards representation, for the imitation of a young and thriving community which has no desire to be robbed either by Act of Council, aristocracies, or hierarchies — which whilst it is willing to pay its public ser vants and Christian ministers liberally, will never maintain in pampered, bloated, and anti- christian pomp and grandeur a host of idlers, quacks and place 'hunters. The printer's devil cries out — ' no more space.' We shall return to the subject in our next. . * Vide our 2nd page. 