SCENES FROM THE LIFE OF AN (EX) UNPROTECTED FEMALE. MRS. JONES (late Miss MARTHA STRUGGLES) receives a Census Paper, and has difficulties in respect of it. Time — Saturday, March 29, 1851. Mr. JONES is away from home on business. Mrs. Jones has been left for a week to struggle with her loneliness, a sense of the horrors of Papal Aggression and the approaching Exhibi- tion of all Nations, a flighty Housemaid, and a Cook of violent temper. SCENE.. - The Front Parlour, Great Coram Street, The EX-UNPROTECTED discovered at her solitary meal. It is raining. Ex- Unprotected Female (in a damp and dreary frame of mind). How it pours ! I hope Jones is not out in it. He never will put his feet in hot water, on his journeys. He says it does him more good to put the hot water into his mouth, instead, with a little brandy and sugar. Uh ! I'm sure he's getting fond of spirits. (Reverts by a well-known law in the association of ideas, from Mr. Jones's "hot with," to the "cold without.") Oh, dear! how it's raining to be sure. They say that Crystal Palace is quite full of water-and no wonder, I'm sure ; and very glad I am of it. With their Cardinal Wisemans and Gavazzis -a parcel of foreigners ! And, mercy only knows what revolutions they mayn't have, when they all come over here, and clubs and things. I'm sure it's dread- ful. (A smart knock is heard; a cross between the rat-tat of the postman and the rat-a-tat-tat of a visitor.) Oh ! what's that ? - only a knock. But one's so nervous. Jones shall stay at home all this summer ; and if he loses his situation I'm not a-going to be left alone with the foreigners and the people- and so I'll tell him. (A colloquy is heard in the passage.) There's that Mary a-gossiping as usual. The baker, I suppose ; or the green- grocer's young man from round the corner, about the firewood. [Enter MARY (the flighty Housemaid) with a paper in her hand, and some excitement in her manner. MISS MARY is a good deal prettier than a housemaid has a right lo be, even if not flighty.] Mary, how often have I told you not to stay gossiping with people at the door ? Mary (putting herself, morally, into an atti- tude of self-defence). Please, M', I were not a-gossiping ! It's a man with the Censers. ' ' 1 Ex-Unprotected Fcmala (whose mind is i acutely alive to the encroachments of the Papal power). The Censers 1 Oh! Good- ness gracious me! Bringing Censers to my house; They'll bring the incense next, anil the white veil, I suppose, and ask one to go into a nunnery-the WTetches ! When they know I can't abear Mr. Bennett and the Puseyitcs, let alone the Cardinals and the Monks, and that Bishop of Clifton (with fer- vour). Tell the man to take 'em away, this minute, and say I'm surprised at his impu- dence. .Vary (much impressed by her mistress's ex- citement). Please M', I said we didn't want any ; and was ordered never to take in papers at the door Ex-Unprotected Female (horrified). Papers ! Oh ! -I suppose they're some horrid Popish tracts. Mary. Pertikly not when to be called for. Ex- Unprotected Female (in bitter apprehen- ' sion). Then he's coming back again, is he ! But you didn't take 'em in ? Mary. Please M', he said it was the law, and I must, or we'll all be had up afore the justices. There's the paper, M'. Ex-Unprotected Female (taking it under a vague impression that Cardinal Wiseman has triumphed, and that the Pope's guard are dis- tributing instruments of superstition and con- fessions of faith). Good gracious ! (Reads superscription.) "Census of the Population" -(much relieved). Oh, you stupid girl! why, it's the Census ! Mary (doggedly re-inserting the "rs"). Yes, | M', I said it was the Censers. Ex-Unprotected Female, Don't be saucy, Mary ; I beg you won't. It's the Census I tell you ; that is-(rather puzzled for a defini- tion)-its intended-(catching at theRegistrar General's information) -" to show the number of the population-their arrangement by ages and famdies, in different ranks, professions, employments, and trades ; their distribution over th.3 country, in villages, towns, and cities ; their increase and progress in the last ten years." (Taking breath.) Yes, that's what it is, Mary (triumphantly) - and a very good thing, too. Mary (saucily). I don't seo what business anybody's got with other people's ages and fa- milies, and such like. Ex- Unprotected Femile (who has been turn- ing over the document in some bewilderment with the General Instructions. Examples, and Directions). How dare you talk so you impu- dent thing ! It's the Government. Ma"y (with redoubled sauciness). If it was the Queen, M', I don't think she's any busi- ness to ask all them questions, M*. Ex-unprotcc'ed Female. Oh, Mnry-how dare you? Take away the things do-this minute. Mary. Yes M'. (Takes away t e things and exit.) Ex-unprotected Female (settling herself down seriously to grapple with the Census Paper). Now, then, let ma see, I'm glad Jones will have to fill it, for it seems rather difficult from all the3e instructions. Eh ? (Reads.) " This paper will be called for on Monday, March 31st, by the appoin'cd olficer." Oh, dear ! then Jones won't be back in time-and who ever's to fill it up if Jones isn't here ? (Reads again,) " You are requested to insert the par- ticulars specified on the other page, respecting all the persons who slept or abode in your house on die night of March 30th." That's to-morrow -and Jones won't be back for a week. Oh dear, dear, how provoking ! Let's see. (Reads.) "Name and Surname -no person absent on the night of March 30th to be entered." Tlvm Jones won't be entered -not entered in his own house ! (Goes on bitterly.) " Wr'.te after the name of the Head of the Family, the name of his Wife-" But I ain't to write the name of the Head of the Family-I thought-because he don't sleep here. Oh! why will they? They really ought to explain. " Write the name of his Wife '-Martha Struggles is my name. " Children and others of the same surname-" (Pauses, overwhelmed by the vision of Joneses that rises before her.) Oh dear-others bear- ing the surname of Jones-why, there's ten pages of 'em in the " Post Office Directory!" What's this column ? (Reads again.) " Rela- tion to Head of Family." But I haven't to put Head of Family down at all-if he doesn't sleep here. (Reads, in increasing perplexity.) " State whether wife, son, daughter, or other relative," Whose wife, I should like to' know, if I musn't mention Jones because he doesn't sleep at home that night? "Other relations." Goodness! me-how am I to know all the man's relations -it's a Welsh family, and they're all related to each other there. (Reads again, in a state bordering on despair.) " Deaf and dumb, or blind ; write . deaf and dumb," or ' blind,' opposite the name of the person. Dear me ! There's nobody here deaf and dumb, or blind ; so how can I write such things, when they say I'm to be fined £5 if I don't write the truth, and have to go before the justices, and perhaps be sent to the station house, or somewhere-for perjury ?-And then, there are the servants ! I do declare I'm afraid to ask the Cook-she flies out so-and Mary will be giving me some of her impertinence. At all events I'd better prepare them for it. (Ringa the bell nervously, and resumes her con-, sideration of the Papers.) Fifteen places for ' people's names ? I wonder wl y they put in fifteen, and not ten, or twelve, or twenty ? And I wonder what they want it all for the Government. I|m sure, except for the Taxes, and such bothering things as this, we don't see much of the Government. Enter Muir, who bobs defiant». Mary, Did you ring, M' ? ' Ex-Unp otected Female, Send up Cook (Mary is going) -and come yourself-Mary I've something very serious to say to you. Mary (aside). I s'pose she's going to knag us about somethin' or other, the old Re-enter Mvny, with COOK, very red in the face, and with a tendency to avail herself of the support of neighbouring pieces of furniture, i Ex-Unprotected Fema'e (with mingled cmo-1 tion and dignity). Oh-I've sent for you, | Mary, and Cook, about this paper. We've all, got to answer the questions the Government asks us in it. Cook (labouring under an intense hatred of Centralisation). And what business has the Government a comin' leavin' papers here for, I'd like to know ? I'd like to catch tho ] Government a comin' down the area- steps, I ' would-or into my kitching. I'd pin a dish- ' cloth to the Government's tail, I would. There! (Snorts defiance, and grasps an arm-chair in her emotion.) ¡ Ex-Unprotected Female (with stern dignity). Cook, its awful to hear you use such language of the Government. Now, attend to me, both of you, and answer my questions. (Takes a pen. To Cook, who radiates defiance and obstructiveness.) Your name is Sarah Soaker. Cook (with malignant triumph). No, Mum -it ain't no such thing. Ex-Unprotected Female (alarmed). Why, that's the name I hired you by. ¡ Cook (with diabolical glee). But it ain't my name as I was baptised by-and what that is, ' nobody knows, as I don't wish it - wich it isn't the Government nor you neither, Ma'am. It's mean in the Government to come pr,, ing ¡ into families -it's shabby in 'em-and they'd better ask how much drippin' goes into the pantry-perhaps you'll put that cbwn for 'em. Ee-Unptro'.ected Female (in a tone of convic- tion). Sarah Soiker, you're in liquor -don't go to deny it. Mary Briggs. Your condition, if you please ? As for that woman's condition, its gin-she smells quite strong of it. (Ex- amining from paper.) "Married, Widower, Widow, or Unmarried ?" Mary Briggs, I insist upon your answering, or I shall be fined £5. Mary Briggs (pursin;; her lips and flushing.) Sha'nt then, if it was £50. Ex-Unprotected Female (with solemnity.) Mary Briggs, if you don't answer the question I shall suspect the worst. You ain't married, Mirv Briggs ? Mary Briggs (with all the pride of her sex.) Well M', and if I was, I h pe a poor servant mav go and get married. Ex-Unprotected Fema'e (with a horrid light breaking in on her). Goodnefs gracious! oh dear ! That soldier -I do believe-oh, Mary Briggs - (Mary endeavours to bear up, but quails under Mrs. Jones's eye) But how do I know what's true, and what isn't ? And how ever is one to fill it up, if one don't even know one's own servants' names and conditions ; I And no Head of the Family at home - and j obliged to put oneself down as a wife, without saying whose wife, and to put deaf and dumb, or blind, after one's name, whether one is or not ; and to be fined £5 if it isn't true ; and to have to tell one's age, and find out other females' ages. Oh dear ! oh dear ! I never shall-I am sure I shall have to go before the Justices ! [Mary and Cook triumph in her agony. The Curtain falls on her despair. ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCU, -The pontifical government has just published a general statis- tical statement of the Roman Catholic clergy, from which it appears that of seventy cardi- nals' chairs winch compose the sacred collego there are three vacant, all of the order of dea- cons, which now consista of only eleven, inatead of fourteen. The order of bishops and that of priests is complete, the first having fifty and the lost six. The dean of the cardinal priests is the Archbishop of Bologna. Oppi zoni, the youngest, ia the Prince Archbishop of Breslau de Diepenbrok, Eleven cardinals have not yet received the hat, and are conse- quently still untitled. The number of arch- bishops in Europe is 104-of whom 16 in Italy, 15 in France, 13 in Germany, 8 in Spain, 4 in Hungary and Dalmatia, 4 in Ireland 4 in Turkey, 3 in Portugal, 3 in Russia, 1 in Greece, 1 in Belgium, 1 in England, and 1 in the Ionian Islands, These 104 archbishops have 609 suffragan bishops, viz., 407 in Europe, and 202 on the coast of Africa, in the French colonies, and various Spaniah and Portuguese islands. Besides these there oro 78 others immediately subordinate to the Holy See, viz., 65 in Italy, 4 in Germany, 4 in Switzerland, 2 in Spain, (those of Leon and Oviedo), 1 in Volhinia (Russia), 1 in Malta, and 1 in Bulgaria (Turkey). The vicars apostolic and the prefects apostolic, who are mostly under the direction of the congregation of the Propaganda, are 47, of whom 38 are in countries not professing Christianity. In America there are 19 archbishops with 90 suffragans. In Oceana 2 archbishops, 11 bishops, and 9 vicars apostolic. There are 23 patriarchs, of whom only 2 are in Europe, thoso of Lisbon and Venice. The total num- ber of bish 'pries is 889. As to the archbishops and bishops inpartibta, their number is 401, so that in the whale there aro 1,360 titled episco- pal Catholics. ARDENT DRINKS CONSUMED IN ENGLAND.-. It appears from o return just made to an order of the House of Commons, that in the year 1850 we consumed exactly 2,392,494 gallons more ardent spirits than in 1810, and 5,796,744 gallons more.than in 1843. The years '42 and '43 are those in which the consumption has been smallest during the ten years ; 1846 that in which the consumption was largest. The amount of British and colonial spirits con- sumed in 1840 was 24,372,297 gallons; in 1843, 20,968,047 gallons ; in 1850. -'6.764,791. The year 1846 produced a consumption of 26,690,398 gallons. Between 1846 and 1847 there is a decrease in favour of the latt ;r, the consumption suddenly falling to 23,968,782. There is a steady rise after that u itil 1850. The rL'turn from which we extract these figures doe« not include foreign spirits entered for home consumption. We find by the Board of Trade returns that the number of gallons of brandy and Geneva entered in 1848 was 1,633,322 gallons, of which Geneva figures in the small proportion of 23,765 gal- lons ; in 1849, 2,214,759 gallons, of which 26,958 Geneva; in 1850, 1,889,316, of which 28,273 Geneva. Thus the consumption for the three years ending 1850 was as follows: - 1848, 26,822,751 gal- lons; 1349, 28,216,633; 1850, 28,654,107. The average increase in the amount of spirits consumed in England is not such as to induce . the belief that individual consumption is greater th.au of old. It is a known fact that the tendency has been hitherto in favour of a di- minution in consumption, when increase of 1 population is taken into account ; and the re . turn before us would, doubtless, carry out the previous rule, were the census returns, now in ' progress, published. The return shows that ' the quantity of spirits distilled from a mixture of corn ana malt is about two-thirds greater on an average than that of spirits distilled from malt alone. This is owing to a decided differ rence visible in the raising of the duties. Pure malt spirits pay a duty per gallon of 7s. lOd. j so does also spirit made from com and malt or other ingredients : but, in addition to this duty, there is a duty on malt of Is. 4d. per gallon, which corn does not pay, which renders pure malt spirit dearer. This pure malt spirit in England pays asumofdutiesamountingtoOs, 21(1., whilst that from corn and malt only pays a sum of duties of 7s. lid. British spirits from ingredients other than malt and corn, such as sugar, molasses, and potatoes, arc of small pro- portion in the general sums. The duty on colonial spirits is now 8a. 2d. per gallon f«r England, 4s. for Scotland, and 3s. for Ireand. ' THE SWINDLER'S FATE.-Boccaccio could not beat the literary work of a swindler just committed from Marlborough- street, for trial - " Captain" or " Sir Richard" Douglas, of Or pington House, Kent ; Ascot Villa, Ascot ;~ and No. 6, Belgrave Terrace. His two sons share his fortunes. He had poured forth his soul in a diary, which curiously combined business and sentiment. It was prefaced by a list of people to be victimised. The first day i of the new year for 1851, opened with a prayer asking Providence to bless the exertions of the writer and his sons, and make them more pro- sperously productive than they were last year. It proceeds -Took possession' of Ascot Villa. Got phaeton, dog-cart, horses. Looked about Guildford, Staines. Ordered goods, cools, and beer, and shawls. Got a great coat from Skinner. Jan, 3.-Nothing came in. Charles hired dog-eart and harness of Liley. Went in phaetontoGuildford. Ordered carpeting, shawls, 4.-Nothing from Guildford but an impu- dent letter. Sent Charles to station for carpe- ting. Williamson there, and stopped it. Fear there will be a row. Got shawls. 5.-Phae- ton and horse seized. Fear exposure at Ascot, ) and all up with chance there. Fear we must '. cut. 6.-Coals and beer came in. Made as I merry as could. Went to shop 1 in Curzon-street. Ordered brushes, Ac, I 7. All day ill. Row about stable. Forcible possession taken of it. Row all day with one person or another. Fearful how things will end. Three boys at home idle. All ordering things. 14. Not a shilling coming in. Eleven mouths to feed. Would not order goods except i to keep my children. They have found out ! my address at Guildford. Dreadful rows. Got carpeting. Fearful row with m3n who brought an iron safe. Row all night from ringing door- bell by boot and shoe min. 16. Row all day I with people. Mob outside of house crying .Swindler.' 17. Very nervous. More rows. l8. Went to boy's to dinner-champagne very merry. Providence not quito deserted us." But retribution came at last, in the guiso of an intended victim. A letter had been sent to the Reverend Mr. Hamilton ; a constable donned black clothes, white neckcloth, broad brimmed hat, and the voice of pity ; found the "destitute" man lying on straw; was wel ¡ comed as the benefactor-and seized the pa- tient as a molefactor. ' CONSECRATION OF TUB BISHOP OP NOVA SCOTIA,- The ceremony of the consecration of Dr. Binney, of Worcester College, Oxford, to ! the bishopric of Nova Scotia and its depen- dencies, was performed on the 25th March, in the chape-l* of Lambeth Palace. The ser- vice was performed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishops of London, Chiches- ter, and Oxford ; the Rev. Dr. Bonney (father of the new bishop), the Rev. Dr. Goulburn, and the Rer. >Ir. Thomas, chaplain to the Archbishop. The whole of it was conducted in the most simple manner, no chanting or sing- ing, but every part read -very different from the " histrionic" manner, as it has been called, of performing the services of the Church in other places. The chapel was pretty well filled with visitors, among whom were many clergymen. The chapel itself is small, and plainly, though neatly, fitted up. The lower part is separated from the upper by a carved screen, behind which is a gallery. The win- dows, which are of pointed architecture, ure filled with stained glass, but there is a great absence in them of any rich colouring. The stone roof is groined, perfectly pluin, with the segments springing from corbels in the wall, instead of pillars. The interior is fitted in a similar manner to most chapels, with stalls it the back and seats in front of them. The service commenced by morning prayer, which was read by the father of the new bishop, and the lessons by the Rev, Mr. Thomas. The J Archbishop and the Bishops then pro-1 ceeded to the altar, where his Grace read the Commandments and the Niccne Creed, and the Bishops of Oxford and Chichester the Gospol and Epistle. The Rev. Dr. Goulburn preached a sermon from the 11th chapter nf Genesis, 4th verso; "And they said, go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto Heaven ; and let us make us a name, lest we bo scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth ;" and the 2d chapter of Acts, 3d and 4th verses, " And there ' appeared to them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them ut- terance." The litany was then read by the Archbishop, after which the Bishops of Oxford and Chichester presented Dr. Binney, vested in his rochet, to the Archbishop for consecra- ' tion. The Queen's mandate having been read, and the oaths of supremacy and obedience ad- ministered, Dr. Binney put on the rest of the episcopal robes; the Vent Crea'or, Sec, was repeated, and the consecration performed by imposition of hands. The holy sacrament was afterwards administered to the new bishop and as many of the congregation as remained ; and the service concluded having lasted about two hours and a half. - Times. M. FOUCALT'S EXPERIMENTAL DEMONSTRA TION OP TUB EARTH'S DIURNAL MOTIO.V.-The attention of the learned world is at present occupied with the invention of M. Foulait, by the aid of which he has succeeded in giving a i direct and ocular demonstration of the earth's diurnal motion. It is simply by an application of the pendulum on a lagc scale that he has attained this important result. The experiment has been within the last few days commenced | under the cupola of the Pantheon, by a visit , to which those the least familiar with the , sciences may be convinced of the truth of the I memorable words of Galileo, " Epur si muove !" I M. Foucait has attached to a hook in the vault ! of the cupola a steel wire, which descends te i within about three-and-a-half feet of the flags ; at its inferior extremity a cannon-ball of heavy ¡ calibre is suspended ; this again is terminated l by a needle, which permits the displacements , made by this largo pendulum to be appreciated , withprecision. The extent of those displacements' is marked on a dial, which encloses the space ! embraced by the ball when in motion. On the l area of the dial, which is divided into 360 de- grees, are disposed here and there little layers of sand, across which the needle, in making I furrows, leaves visible traces of each successive 1 , course. The ball being once put in motion : will remain so seven hours, without requiring a new impulsion. During that time it makes I a displacement of about seventy- seven degrees, . which proves that it would take about thirty two hours to traverse the whole course of the ( dill. It is hardly necessary to add that the I ball in going from the south takes a westerly , direction in order to arrive at the north, that is j to say, it mo ces in conformity with the appa- rent course of the sun, and contrary to the '. real motion of the earth.-OalignanCs Messen I ger. Ma. GBOIIOB THOMPSON IN AMERICA.-The honorable member for the Tower Hamlets has certainly created a "sensation" in the , Northern States of America, and his bold and , forcible harangues have tended in no slight . degree to arouse the thinking people of Massa I chusetts from a culpable lethargy on the sub i ject of negro servitude. Mr. Thompson, after the experience of the last few months, speaks with less bitterness of his own country, and j evidently thinks that an English Tory is a , truer friend of freedom than an American I " Democrat !" In a speech at Springfield, where he narrowly escaped personal injury, we find him saying, " In my own country it is 1 my anti-slavery principles which open the 1 doors of every church to me, hero it is my anti-slavery principles which shut the doors of , ' the churches, and often the halls to me. I have been utterly outlawed ; not a magistrate will grant me the protection of the laws of the ' land, which save even the thief, the burglar, and the assassin from the hands of the mob ! . From the floor of Congress to the furthest bounds of the United States, I am denounced by recreant statesmen, hireling priests, and a press whose mendacity ia unparalleled in the world." Some bold Yankee present attempted a defence of slavery, and put some questions to Mr. Thompson, but he proved a pigmy opp ment, and the replies soon made him 1 regret his boldness. A gentleman who was ' present advised the chop-fallen hero to " begin . practice by lifting the calf every day, and ' perhaps in time he might succeed in lifting the ox." HANDSOME BEUUESTS.-The trustees of the late Mrs. Helen Armstrong, widow of the Rev. George Wright, D.D., of Stirling, have recently, in terms of her settlement, paid the following legacies, free of duty and other charges : -Sustentation Fund of the Free Church, £700 ; Bursary Fund of ditto, £500 ; Fund for Unmarried Uaughters of Ministers of ditto, £500 ; Widows' Fund of ditto, £100 ; Foreign Mission and Highland Education Funds of ditto, £100; Edinburgh Moravian ; Missionary Society, £100; London Missionary j Society, £50 ; Edinburgh Bible Society, £50 ; , Gaelic School Society, £50 ; Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, £100; Edinburgh Orphan Hos- pital, £100; Edinburgh Destitute Sick So- ciety, £100 ; Edinburgh Junior Charitable Female Society, £100; Edinburgh Blind Asylum, £50: total, £2600. In addition to the above bequests, she left Dr. Wright's library, containing upwards of 2000 volumes, many of them rare and curious, at the disposal of her trustees, who have apportioned them among the libraries of the Free Church, the United Presbyterian Church, the Theological students in the University, and various other institutions. , Snow FURNITURB.-Furnituro too good to be used is a nuisance. What can be moro un- pleasant than the aspect of a room, or a suite of rooms, where everything is bagged up ? Chairs and sofas in pinafores, mirrors in muslin, a druggoted carpet, a hearth-rug wrong side out, and a chandelier in a sack, seen by rays of light that straggle in edgeways ¡ through the slits in the shutters, and exhaling that peculiar brown holland fragrance which belongs to drawing rooms in masquerade dress, form one of the most cheerless, dispiriting, un humanlike spectacles in the diorama of domes- tic life. We would as lief bo ushered into a vault as into such an apartment. Nothing can be more chilling to the feelings, except, per- haps, a perspective view «f the family-wash taking an airing on the clothes-lines, Why , do people buy magnificent furniture to clothe I it in hidious disguises ? Docs the glory of exhibiting the articles undressed, half-a-dozcn evenings in the year, pay for all tho cost and trouble ? The miser enjoys the flashing lustre of his gold eyery time he lifts the lid of his strong box ; but what pleasure can there be in possessing a species of property that is invisible to the owner three hundred and fifty days out of every three hundred and sixty-five? Give us furniture that is made for wear; tables upon which you can bring down your fist with an emphasis, without throwing the lady of tho house into hysterics ; chairs that you can lean back in ; in a word, give us comfort, and lot us wear things out. It is provoking to sec chairs and sofas preserved for years, without spot or blemish, whilo the wrinkles arc multiplying in the face and the grey hairs on tho head of the proprietor. For these and sundry other reasons wo have an especial spite against show furniture. -Maj. Noah. TUB MANCH asTBit SCHOOL.-There was a great public meeting at Manchester on Wed- nesday, chiefly remarkable for two things. _ A report had been set in motion, that John Bright and Thomas Milner Gibson have so offended their constituent« by the course they have pur- sued on the Papal Aggression question, as to have lost all chance of re-election. Well, the next day after the House rose, Messrs. Bright and Gibson met their constituents ; uncompro- misingly re-asserted the opinions they had ex- pressed and acted upon in the House of Com- mons ; and obtained a triumphant vote of ap- probation from a crowded assembly. Again Sir. Milner Gibson proclaimed, with the cor- dial assent of the meeting, his utter disbelief that Lord Stanley or his party could, in the event of their coming into office, restore tho Corn-Laws or return to commercial re- striction. The meeting appears to have been held for the immediate purpose of counteracting electioneering move- ments commenced by parties unfriendly to the sitting Members ¡ but occasion was taken to enter a caveat against the acceptance of any inadequate measure of electoral reform at the hinds of Lord John Russell. By tho way, unless Mr. Bright has been misrcportod, he stated that the " Manchester School " has only three Members in Parliament-hims»lf, Mr. Milner Gibson, and Mr. Cobden.-.Spectator, April 19. SALE OF TUB C.UIINI:T Cvci.or.nniV.-On Wednesday, Mr. I lodgsoi offered for sal . the stock, copyright, stereotype and steel p H'O*. and woodcuts, of this extensive work, projected by Dr. Lardner, and carried out with the ' assistance of Sir James Mackintosh, Sir John Herschell, Sir Walter Scott, Bishop Thhlwall, and many other eminent men. The scries included copyrights, in 60 printed woiks, for which, and an unpublished manuscript bv Mr. ( T. Roicoe, £ 10,000 had been paid. The'stock j consisted of 46,000 volumes. A considerable number of publishers were present. The pro ) perty was put up in one lot, and the first offi-r was"£3000; the biddings were continued with spirit until the sum of £9500 was attained, at which price it was knocked down to Messrs. Longman and Co. Tun EARL OF MOUNTCASIIJ-.I. V. ROBERTSON. -LIABILITIES OF MEMBERS or CLVHS.- The action was brought in the London Court of Common Pleas by the noble plaintiff to recover from the defendant, a merchant at Bristol, contribution towards a sum of £2200, which the former had been obliged to pay to the London and Commercial Bank, in respect of liabilities incurred by the members of the " Colonial Club." The Earl was chairman of the committee of management ; and the club, which was formed in the year 1837, went on flourishingly, until 1811, when a different state of tilings arose. However, a larger club-room was taken in the year 1812, ando resolution was come to to raise £4000, which was ad- vanced by the London and Commercial Bank. At length it was found that the club could not go on any longer, and a considerable sum of money was raised by contribution among the members, with which various debts and other liabilities were paid, but the debt due to the banking company remained unsatisfied, und they sued the plaintiff, and obtained part pay- ment of their debt, and security for the re- mainder. He now sought contribution from the defendant, who was one of the members, but had already contributed to some extent. The jury found for the defendant. The Prince of Wales yncht, belonging to the Greenwich Hospital Schools, is now fitting at Woolwich, and will be ready in the course of a fortnight, when she- will be removed to the Serpentine Water in Hyde Park, there to re- main during the Exhibition for the inspection of visitors. This vessel is about 25 tons regis- ter, ship-rigged, and fitted in all respects as a man-of-war, und will be commanded by Lieu- tenant Rouse R.N. Her crew will consist of twenty boys from the schools at Greenwich, and ut times she will undergo various evolu- tions in naval tactics. - liritish Army Dctpatch, A LIVING UFAS TUBB. -Lieutenant March land, of the United States' navy, has brought home with him from Java a living Upas tree, so famous for its real and fanciful poisonous properties. By hi« assidious care it was pre- served olive during the long voyage, and a few days before its arrival at Norfolk, Virginia, leaves sprouted forth. It has been presented to the National Institute at Washington, and I can be seen at the new observatory. It was once rumoured and believed that the poisonous eflluvium of the tree was so fatal that biids flying over it dropped dead, and that all vege- tables died under it and far around it. It is now ascertained that the juice only is poison- ous. Into this juice the savages dip their arrows, which then have a double fatality. New York Observer, DEATH or LORD LANOBALE.-Henry Bicker steth, Lord Langdale, loto Master of the Rolls, died on Good Friday, at Tunbridge Wells, to which place ho had lately repaired for the benefit of his health-impaired by long-con- tinued mental labour, resulting in a par «ly tie stroke, which took place shortly before his death. The deceased nobleman was horn on the 18th June, 1783, in the county of West- moreland, where his father %vos possessed of a small property. Originally destined for the medical profession (of which his father was a member), in which he had completed his studies, he visited the Continent with the family of the late Earl of Orford, by whoso advice he was induced to embark on the career of the bar. He entered Caius College, Cam- bridge, where he took his degrees ar senior wrangler in 1808. Three years afterwards ho was called to tho bar by the Society of tho Inner Temple, and engaged at once in tho duties of his profession. Mr, Bickersteth rapidly rose to great eminence in tho Equity Courts, to which he confined his practice On the 19th of January, 1836, he wos appointed to succeed Lord Cottenham as Master of the Rolls, aid was at tho same time called to the House of Peere. But a few months had elapsed nfter his accession to the mastership of the Rolls when Lord Langdale delivered in the House of Lords his remarkable speech on the administration of justico in the Court of Chancery, and on the appellate jurisdiction of their lorpships' house, and to ino opinions expressed in that speech, and in favour of the division of the duties of the Great Seal, Lord Langdale constantly adhered. Upon the re- signation of Lord Cottenham, last year, the Great Seal was more than once tendered to Lord Langdale by the head of the present ad- ministration ; but though he consented to act as First Commissioner, and sat for a short tune in the Lord Chancellor's Court and in the Houso of Lords in that capacity, the intense application to which the state of the Court of Chancery had condemned him forbade any further stretch of his powers. His lordship married Lady Jane Harley, eldest daughter of the late Lord Orford, by whom he leaves one daughter ; his peerage, therefore, becomes extinct. ROYAL BANK OF AUSTRALIA.-On Saturday, on application was made to his Honor, Master Richards, to reconsider an order made by him, calling on the executors of the late Mr. J. P. Robinson, who was one of the directors of the company, to pay over to the official manager £2500 balance found to be due in respect of unpaid calls. Mr. Jarman, of the firm of Messrs. Bevan and Co., based the Application on tho power given the master in the act to " discharge, vary, or enlarge the time of pay- ment," on any order made, and further con- tended that under the 06th section the master had no power to make such order, except upon such original entries in the books of the company, and not upon entries since made therein by the official manager. The third call was not made in con- formity with the 49th clause of the company's deed, there being only four directors present when there should have been five, and tho fourth call was made after the death of the testator, out of whose estate there now only remained £800 in hand. Mr, Daniel, who with Mr. II. Harris, appeared for tho official manager, oxplainod that it was tho duty of the official manager to complete the books on the footing of all the facts and original entries, there being scarcely a case of ono of these | companies under the operation of the act where the books were perfect, and ho was then to declare the balances found to bo duo from shareholders. In the present case, though there were only four directors present, the third call was subsequently confirmed by a 1 general meeting, as prescribed by the deed, | and oven if the fourth call woro deducted it would lcavo £1900 duo from tho estate of tho testator, who went out to Sydney as one of the managing directors, and who owed £23,000 to tho estate irrespective of the above sum upon shares. His Honor declined to discharge, alter, or vary the original order, which it is understood will bo appealed against, FiiBB Cituncif SCIIKME op NATIONAL EDUCA- TION.-At a meeting of the Free Church Pres- bytery of Arbroath, held last Wednesday, the Rev, Mr. Hislop said that he was very anxious that it should be known that the Free Church was not enamoured with tho scheme of a na- tional system of education which certain indi- viduals about Edinburgh-to aomo of whom they looked up with sincere respect -bax! given to the world as a plan devUcd and approved of by tho Freo Church. Ho was very jealous »t the episcopacy, in the very bosom of the Church, that seemed to bo rising in and about the metropolis ; and Bishop Burnett had as bad an opinion of it in Iii» day. Thero were to bo no tests for the Admission of teachers, and no power of excluding improper persons ; and ho wai, therefore, hostile to tha project. TIM LOKI/S PBAYBB.-I remember on one occasion traveling in this country with a com- panion who possessed some knowledge of me t dicine j we orrivel at a door, n« r wh'ch wo WJre about to pitch our tent, when a wowd of Arabs surrounded u«, cursing and swearing at the rebellers against God. My friend, who spoke a little Arabic to an elderly person whose garb bespoke him a priest, said, " Who taught you that we aro disbelievers ? near my daily prayer, and judge for yourselves ;" he then re- peated the Lord's Prayer. All stood amazed und silent, till the priest exclaimed. " May God curse me if ever I again curse th c who hold such n beli f ; nay more, the pruyi-t shall be my prayer till my hour be corni». I prav thoo, O Naz'irene, repeat that priiyi-r. that it may he remembered among us in letters of gold." - Haye s Western linrbary. A pel son who was r. nding in the streets, ran violently against him. The Colonel took hold of him and held him by the button-hole, till ho delivered himsïlf of tho following jeu d'esprit :-" Sir, it is perfectly true that ' those who run moy read ;' but that is no reason why those who read should run :" having saul which, he good-noturedly released him with a poke in the ribs.- Punch. 