Doubling Cape Horn. About midnight, when tho starboard watch, to which I belonged, was bolow, the boatswain's whistle was hoard, followed by tho shrill cry for " All hands take in sail! jump men, and savo ship !" Springing from our hammocks, we found tho frlgato leaning over to it so steeply, that it was with difficulty we could cimb the Udders lead- ing tn tho upper deck.' Here thc scone was awful. Tho vessel seemed to bo sailing on her sido. Tho main-duck gun« had, several dayj previously, beon run in and housed, mid thc port-holes closed ; but tho leo carronades on the quarter-dock und forecastlo were plunging through tho sen, which'undulatod ovor them in mllk- whito billows of foam. With every lurch to leeward, thc yard-arm onds seemed to dip in the sea, while forward, tho spray dashed over tho bows in cataracts, and drcrtched tho men who wore on tho fore-yard. By this timo, thc deck W.IB alive with tho whole strength ot tho ship's company, flvo hun- dred men, officers ami all, mostly clinging to tho weather bulwarks. Tho occasional phos- phorescence ol tho yeasty sea casta glare upon their uplifted faces, as a night-tiro in n popu- lous city lights up the panic-stricken crowd. In a sudden gale, or when a largo quantity of sail is suddenly to bo furled, it is tho custom for tho first lioutcntant to take the trumpet from whoever happons thon to bo officer of tito dock. Hut Mad Jack had the trumpet that watch, nor did tho first lieutenant now seek to wrest it from his hands. Kvery oyo was upon him, ns if wo had chosen him from among us all to decide this battle with the clements, by single combat with tho spirit of tko Cape-for Mad Jack was the saving genius of tho ship, and so proved himself that night. I owe this right hand, that is this moment flying over my shoot, and nil my present being to Mad Jack. , Tho »hip's bows wore now butting, battering, ramming, and thundering over and upon tho head-sona, mid with a horrible wallowing sound our whole hull was rolling in tho trough of tho foam. Tho galo cune athwart, the deck, and ovcry sall seemed bursting with its wild breath. All tho quarter-mnsters, and several of the fore- castle men wero swarming round tho double wheel on tho quarter-deck. Some jumping up and down, with their hands upon tho «pukes, foe tho whole helm and galvanized keel were fiercely feverish with the li'o imparted to them by thc tempest *.' Hard up tho holm !" shouted Capt Claret, bursting from his cabin like a ghost, in hi« night dress. " - you !" raged Mad Jack to tho qimrter-inaster, " hard dotvn-hard down, I Bay, and bo d-d to you." Contrary orders ! but Mad Jack's woro obeyed. His object was to throw the »hip into tho wind, so as the better to admit of slosu-rcuting tho top-sails. Hut though tho halyards were lot go, it was impossible to clew down tho yards, owing to thc enormous horizontal strain on the canvas. lt now blew a hurricane Tho spray flow ovor tho ship in floods. Tho gigantic masts scorned about to snap undor thu werhl-wido strain of tho thrco entire top-saits. Clew down ! clow down !" shouted Mad Jack, husky with excite- ment, nnd in a frenzy, boating tho trumpet against ono of tho shrouds : but owing to tho slant of thc ship, tho thing uould not bo dono. It was obvious that before many minutes some- thing must go-either sails, rigging, or sticks ¡ porhnps tho hull itself, mid all hand«. Presently a volco from the top exclaimod that thcro was n rent in thu main- top-sail ; mid Instantly wo heard a report like two or thrco muskets discharged together : tho vast sail was rent up and down, like tho Voil of tho Templo. This saved tho muin-inaat ; for tho yard was now clewed donn with comparative ease, and the top-men laid out to stow thc shattered canvas. Soon, the two remaining top-sails were also clewed down and close reefed. Above all tho roar of tho tempest mid tho shouts of tho crow WHS heard tho dismal tolling of tho ship's bell (almost as large as that of a vllliigo church ), which tho violent rolling of tho ship was occasioning, Imagination cannot con- çoive the horror of such u sound in tho night tempost nt sett. " Stop that ghost !'? roared Mad Jack j "away, ono of you, and wronch off the slapper !" But no sooner was this ghost gagged, than a still more appalling sound was heard-tho rolling to and fro of tho heavy shot, whiah, on tho gun dock had brokcu looso from tho guu-racks, and converted that part of tho ship into an immcnio bowling-alley. Somo hands woro sont down to secure thom ; but it wns as much AS their lives wero worth. Soino were maimed : and tho mid- shipmen, who wera ordered to sue thu duty por* formed, reported it impossible until tho storm abated. Tho most terrific job bf nil was to furl tho main-sail, willoh, at tho commoncomont of tho squalls, had boon olowed up, aoaxod and quieted as much us possibla with tho bunt-linos and slab-linos. Mud Jaok waited somo time for a lull, oro ho gave an ordor so perilous to bo ex- ecuted ; for, to furl this enormous salt, in such n gale, required nt least fifty men on tho yard, whoso weight, super-added to tho weight of tho ponderous «tick itself, still furthor jeopardised their lives. But thora was no prospect of a cessation of tho galo, and tho order waa nt last given.« At this timo n hurricane of slanting Bloot and hall was descending upon us ; tho rigging was coated with a thin gluro of luo, formad within tho hour. " Aloft, main-yard men!" cried Mad J nick. T dashod down my .hat, slipped out of my quilted jnukot, in au in- stant, knocked tho shoos from my feet, und, with a crowd of othorB, sprang for tho rigging. Aboyo tho bulwarks.(which in a frigate oro io high a's to afford much protection to tlioso on deck) tho galo was horrible. Tho shear force of tho wind llattonod us to tho rigging AB WO ascended, and every hand scamod congealing to the Icy shrouds which wo hold. .* Up, up, my bravo heurtlos |" shouted Mad Jaok ; and up wo got, some way or other, ul) of us, und groped our way out oil tho yard-arms. " Hold' on, ovary motbor's soul" cried nu old qunrter-cumior, nt my side*, ho was bawling nt tho top of bis coinpats ; but, in tho gale, he'scorned to''ba^wltiinonngi; and1 I- only hoard him1 frorn'hls hoing right to windward of mo. Hut his hint wn« unnodoisâry ¡ Jl dug my nuil» ¡nt«» (lio jack-stay$, and iworo that nothing bm ile uh should parc mo and them, until I was nble to turn round and look to windward. À» yot, this was impossible ; 1 could scarcely henr tho man to seaward nt my elbow ; tho wind seemed to snatch tho words from his mouth and fly away with them to tho South Pole. ' All this while, the sail itself was flying about, sometimes catching over our heads, and. threat-' oniug to tuar us from the yard in spite of all our hugging. For about three quarters of an hour we thus hung, suspende I over tho rampant bil- lows, which curled their very crests under the feet of some four or live ol' us clinging to the lee yard-arm, as if to float us from our placo. Presently, the word passed along the yard from windward, that wo were ordered to cómo down and leavo the sail to blow, ¡.¡nco it could not be furlod. A midshipman, it seemed, had boen sent up by tho officer of tho deck to give tho order, as no trumpet could be heard where wo wero. Those on tho weather yard-arm managed to crawl upon tho spar and scramble down tho rigging : but with us. upon the extreme leeward side, this font was out of tho question ; it was, literally, liko olimbing a precipice to get to windward, iu order to reach tho shrouds ; be- sides, tho ontiro yard was now encased in icc, and our bands and foot woro so numb that wa dare not trust our lives to them. Nevertheless, by assisting each other, wo contrived to throw ourselvos prostrato along the yard, and embrace it with our arms and legs. In this position, tho stun'-sail-booms greatly assisted in securing our hold. Straugo ns it may appear, I do not suppose that, at this moment, the slightest sensatiou of fear was felt by one man on that yard. Wo clung to it with nii- lit and main : but thin was instinct. The truth is, that, in circumstances liku these, tho sense of fear ia annihilated in the unutter- able sights that till tho oyo, and the sounds that fill all tho ear. You becomo identified with tho tempest : your iustgmflcÀncô Is lost in thc riot ' of tho stormy universo around. Holow us. onr noble frigate seemed thrice ¡ta real length-a vast black wedge, opposing its wiilcut end to tho combined fury of the sea and wind. At length tho flr.it fury of- tho gale began to abate, and wu at onco fell to pounding our hands, ns a preliminary, operation to going to work ; for a gang of men had now ascended to help to secure what waa left of tho sail ; wo somohow packed it away, nt Inst, and came down. About noon tho next day, tho gale so mode- rated that we «honk two rcets out of tho top-' sails, set new courses, mid stood due-oast,.with tho wind astern.- White Jacket. , 