A CIRCULAR TRIP BY SEA AND LAND TO THE SOUTHERN GOLD FIELDS, Or the much talked of Arraleun Mountains, and hack to Sydney. Written by the express desire of several respectable ' inhabitants of this City , for the purpose of removing , the film from the eyes of gold seekers , and exposing the false representa tions made by interested, mercenary persons to mislead and gull the public. By Thomas Fennell, late R.N. To the Editor of the People's,Advocate. Sir,— Having for a long time escaped infection from that- evidence now raging so high, I began 'o, hope that l should be one of those fortunate follows- who could laugh at the gold fever and all its terrors and sit down comfortably at home, and, read the various accounts of its progress in all parts of the world without fear. But, alas I reckoned without my host, and depended upon a rotten foundation ; for, on taking up the daily Empire one morn Ing, and seeing the glorious accounts given therein of the Southern Gold Fields, with the cheapness of the passage, and the statement that drays and teams were always ready on landing to take your goods and effects to the diggings, at the most reasonable charge ; where fortunes were to be picked up for stooping for, I felt the blood begin to rush through my veins, like a flash of lightning through a gooseberry bush,—- my head began to turn round— my eyes sparkled— and I found I was strongly infected with the pestilential gold mania. After a short time, becoming more oco1, and on reflecting that desperate disorders required des perate remedies and prompt actions ; I, therefore, (taking my eldest son with me as my chief-mate) immediately set about the same. I purchased a tent, a shovel, a pickaxe, and other requisites, and ordered a new constructed cradle to be made of zinc, which, in my opinion, would in a great measure supersede the common cradle. Having got all things ready for a start we went down to the Union Wharf, paid our passage money, and, on Saturday, 11th October, embarked on board the Orient, schooner, bound to the Moruya River, with passengers to make their fortunes, started in the after noon from the wharf; but the wind becoming foul and very stormy we anchored off Battery Point all night, and at six next morning started forward for Woolloomoloo Bay, but anchored off Garden Island, near the man-o'-war; the wind changing a little more in our favor to get in the bay, we tried to trip the anchor, but found it had got foul of the man-o'-wars boats' moorings, and sail being on the schooner, the began to ran away with them pretty roundly, until it being observed by the officer on deck (the men being at church at the time), a boat was dispatched with a middy in her, who boarding us in true man- o- war fashion, demanded how we dare run foul of his boats ; to which answer was made that we were not aware of his moorings befog there, and that the boats had no right to be moored in the middle of a passage into a bay where vessels were compelled to seek shelter when weather bound. This caused a bit of a dust on board of Andrew ; the church broke up, the parson started off, and the other boats from the ship, removed the spare ones, and after a bit of a dust, and a few "damns" from the Lieutenant on board the frigate, and some silent compliments on our side, We got clear away, and stood into the bay with as much wind as we could stagger under. On the I4th, got up the anchor and beat out of the heads ; but the wind soon died away and ,at night fell calm ; made a little head way, but got comfortably tossed about. Next morning fair wind. Saw the sea ahead covered for miles with black mutton birds, who, when they arose in the air, appeared like large dark clouds of an immense length ; in fact although I have been to sea for upwards of twenty years in many parts of the world, yet I don't at any time recollect having seen such a tremendous number of aquatic birds ; we also saw several whales in shore. The wind remaining fine all night, we next morning, 17th, crossed the bar and entered the Moruya River, and anohored all night. Morning dawns, the mist of deception and falsehood begins to withdraw from before the eyes of the poor dupes from Sydney, and they see things as they really are, and not as they have been represented before leaving. On landing yourself and property, which you must pay the owner of the punt for doing, you find yourself in that lovely hospitable spot called Shannon View ; here Is a public house, a post office and shop, a stable or two, three or four slab huts, two or three cow houses, and a bundle of pig stys, hen roosts and stagnated water: several small craft on the river, without hands, everything on shore extremely dear, and every person, with one or two excep tions, ready with heart and hand to take advantage of the poor unfortunate gulls. When you naturally look round, and say, where are the drays and teams to take our things to the diggings ; they turn round most innocently and say, " Why, bless your heart, there are no teams with drays could go up the mountains, it is only pack horses that can take them to the diggings, and the cart horse can only take a hundred weight;" At this, one will naturally stare, and ask how much they charge per hundred ; when you are coolly told £3." Now then comes the rob, if you have got the money and will send your things, they are put into a pair of scales and weighed, and for each hundred you must down with the £3, and no mistake, and if any poor devil has not the cash to do so, he must either carry what he can on his back all the way, or sell them to the land sharks for what they please to give him ; these, I most solemnly pledge myself, are real facts, for which I am willing to such at any time, and can bring several respectable persons to witness ; and as one or two proofs of this, I advance the following : Mr. Boyce, of this city, formerly as Harbour Pilot, and owner of the Black Swan cutter, being led astray like many more, took with him some heavy articles, but of great usefulness in the bush ; among which was a large Iron pot, for the purpose of cooking, &c.; ; for which he paid 15s. in Sydney, but finding on his landing that the pot would cost double that amount to have it conveyed to the diggings he offered it for 7s., when several of those honest gentle men, after bantering him for some time and laughing at him, had the impudence to offer him half-a-crown, which so exasperated Mr. Boyce, that he took an axe and shivered the poor pot in a thousand pieces, thus disappointing those vultures of their prey. Another instance of a gentleman who was equalled led astray by the false statements made in Sydney. He, among other things, took with him a considerable quantity of flour from Sydney, in the schooner Carnation , for which he paid 24s. the hundred,beside the freight in the vessel, and the cbarge of bringing it on shore in the punt. When on his landing it, he found that, to have it conveyed to the diggings, it would cost more money than three times its value ; he was obliged to sell it on the spot for £l the hundred ; he paid £8 to a carrier to take the rest of his heavy thingsto the diggings, and gave £6 more for an old horse to carry himself and his light traps on the road ; and he told me, that even should he reach his journey end in safety with his remaining things his loss would be very great. Those are two instances whioh occurred before I started, and which come under my knowledge ; however, as I had but little money to spare, and could not afford a pack-horse, I and my son were obliged to carry our load. So we started in company with five other poor fellows like ourselves, leaving behind us seve ral persons who came passengers with us, and by the schooner Carnation, but who could not proceed for want of conveyance for their property. Passed through Glendewet, and at night camped near Muckendura farm in the bush ; next morning started about 6 o'clock, crossed Muckendura mountain, Snap-hook mountain, Merrekabeen mountain, and the Devil's Pinch; crossed the clear hills, and at night reached the lower diggings, about two miles from the first station, belonging to a gentleman by the name of Mr. Badgerry, here we camped that evening in a bark hut, numbers of which, are erected all over the flat, and were all now empty except one having been forsaking by the former diggers, who atter having dug and torn up the creek and ground in all directions, and found no advantage thereby, they all left excepting four persons, to try their fortunes on the upper ranges and the four men who remained, were only trying to keep out of the way of the Commissioner, to avoid paying licences until the first of the month, when they intended to go to the upper diggings, those men assured us all, that between the four with all their ex- certions with two cradles and two little boys, they could not make more than half an ounce per day, and that extremely small dust ; we remained that night and the following day and 1 with my son and several others, went prospecting on the 20th. and during the day my son got about ten grains very, small and with great trouble, and that was by far the greatest quantity got by a single person during that time; here I met Commissioner M'Lean with whom I conversed some time, and who is a most gentlemanly and affable man, and really seemed sorry to see so many poor men leaving their homes and family, and undergoing such hardships for an uncertainty, and he advised each and all to avoid digging or using pick axe or spade, or attempting to rock a cradle without a licence, for he said, that should he or any of the police, find any person so doing even one day before the month was expired, although his duty was a most unpleasant one, he must do his duty and proceed against them. Some of those mountains which we had already passed, were extremely steep and dangerous for travelling in dry weather, and doubly so in wet seasons, the rivers also are very numerous, and in some places rather deep and very rapid, and over which every person must wade, unless he is on horseback, and must carry his load on his back, sometimes knee deep, sometimes much deeper at that dry season, and should it come a heavy rain for three or four days, the rivers would be impassable for foot- passengers, another rush of waters from the mountains would be so great. And the stream so rapid, that it would carry them off their feet, and I was creditably informed by one or two respectable men who dwell in the neigbbouroood, that the rivers sometimes rise to fourteen or fifteen feet, and rush down with such fury as to carry all before them, then if any poor un- fortunate traveller be on his journey at such a time, he must remain where he is and do the best he can, and if he is short of food and without a tent, his lot must indeed be an awful one, and God alone can bring him safely through. Here we were over taken at the lower diggings by the rest of the passengers in our vessel, and many others belonging to the other schooner the Carnation , most of whom had left some of their things at the landing place, being unable to get them brought along, or had hid them in the bush on the sides of the mountains, in the hope of sufferers in property to a considerable extent who came in our vessel, was a Mr. Wheeler who keeps a public bouse, on the Strawberry Hills, who with his son-in-law Mr. Nightingale, started on this journey of speculation, and a very bad one it turned out to them thus far, for they were obliged to leave the greatest part of their things at the landing place, and what they paid to be taken, the carriers would take no farther than the lower diggings, and there left them to get back or forward the best way they could, being able to recover them at a future time. One of the ....and there I and my son left them, as we started. Next morning, 21st at daylight, reached the middle diggings, where there were about twelve men at work, with about the same success as those at the lower creek, and who were about to remove upwards on the first of the month, we then passed on to the Arraluen Mountain, the last, and the worst of all to ascend; here at its lonely foot, and in a most desolate situation we found three men from Sydney encamped, who with their little all were left by the the carriers, who refused to attempt to ascend the mountain, and those poor fellow were left in a wilderness, either to carry their things up the mountain a little at a time, or leave them to be taken by any one who chose to take them. They told us they had been I up to the top to Major's Creek, and were obliged to rest five times for breath in ascending the mountain, and they almost gave up the hopes of being able to get their things up in anyway. However, we were there, and must either go backward or forward; so ahead we started, puffing and blowing at each step, and two or three times I almost determined to lay down and give up tbe ghost — for of all the steep, narrow, break-neck roads or mountains, that kangaroo or squirrel ever bounded over, I think this same Arraluen Mountain stands unrivalled. However, forward was the word, and forward we went, blowing like a pair of grampuses ; and at length quite worn out with fatigue in carrying such a load, we reached the top and threw ourselves on the ground for rest. Having been informed that two persons whom we wanted to see were at the Major's Diggings, we, after a rest, went there, and found about four hundred persons at work ; some of them, we were told, doing pretty well — that is to say. earning good wages, and some earning barely enough to pay for their food. Finding that the persons whom we sought were at Bell's Creek we hastened thither along a devilish bad track on a mountain side, and after a most tiresome journey, reached Bell's Diggings about sunset. Met those we sought, pitched our tent for the night, boiled a pot of tea and eat a mouthful, took a warm at the fire, had a chat with some of our Sydney acquaintances, then threw ourselves on the ground under the tent, and endeavoured to go to sleep, but awoke several times shaking with cold. In the morn- ing turned out early, got breakfast, and took a survey of the place, things, and people; found that few were earning more than good wages—some holes producing very little gold, and some not enough to purchase rations ; and the license law was in force. If you at- tempted to dig for one day, and that the last of the month, and on the first of the next month they would call on you for another 30s., making £3 in a few days for each man. Bnt such is the last law passed by our most wise and potent Executive Council, and not a bad one either for filling the pockets of government and the land owners, and draining and squeezing the last hard earned shilling from the hands of the poor working man. Here flour was, at this time, £2 per cwt., tea 3s. per lb., sugar, 6d., and fresh meat 3d. and 4d., and everything else equally dear and were expected to rise every day. Now, it is not to be wondered at that we see such glowing accounts in the newspapers every day of the Southern Gold Fields, to draw the attention of the public, and seduce the honest laborer from his home to go to those diggings, when we find out that part of them are on government ground and part on the property of the Major, part on the property of Dr. Bell, and part on the property of Mr. Badgery or Bagery, and that those gentle- men receive, in consequence, a great share of the license money ; besides supplying the diggings with food, stores, and other neces saries from their station, at a tremendous price, by which they must be making a rapid fortune at the poor man's expense. More over, there is another object, in my opinion, of equally great import ance, which gentlemen, in their speculative moments, could not lose sight of, namely— cheap labor for the ocming harvests. IFor, calculating on the disappointments and losses that many will suffer should a few weeks of hot dry weather take place, which is very likely to be the case, and which will dry up the creeks so that men cannot work for want of water to wash the soil with, and numbers being thrown out of employment without the means of returning to their homes and families, or perhaps of purchasing food and clothing ; gentleman may have formed the idea that those poor fellows, thus pushed, would be very glad to work for them in getting in the harvest, which really looks very fine, at whatever wages the employers would chose to offer— to enable them to resume digging or to return to their homes. These are my opinions, but I may be wrong, yet I cannot shake off the im pression that I am right. I now, on a strict investigation, found that the zinc machine, which I had made instead of a cradle, would be of no use in that business, and was only fit to wash in or hold water, and no other cradle could be obtained ; and conse quently we could not work unless we gained some other party, and paid down ajoint'steck sum. Taking a olear view of all these things, we considered that things would not exactly answer our purpose; so, on considering that the first loss would be the best, we resolved to sell off what we bad and return by land to Sydney ; we, therefore, set about the thing directly, find Captain Boyce stood our auctioneer— and I assure you that he made a first- rate salesman, and would do great credit to some of our city auction marts. And now having shook hands with our Sydney friends,- and took two or three verbal messages, we bid farewell to the Digging and turned our face homewards to Sydney on foot — a distance, I believe, of two hundred miles; which is no short tramp for two men who never in their lives travelled thirty miles on land at a time. But before quitting these mountains let me make a few remarks on things and occurrences on the other side, which we had ascended after landing from the vessel. Now I do not, nor cannot blame an owner or master of any vessel to endea vour to get all the cargo and passengers they can for their profit and to give the place of their destination a fair name ; but I hate glaring falsehoods. I detest the men who would, for a paltry gain, openly lie, and betray their fellow-creature, and expose him to dis appointment, hardship, and poverty, merely to pocket a few pounds. This has been done by some person or persons on the Moruya River ; and I strongly suspect the owners of some of the vessels, perhaps in conjunction with others, to be those persons: I allude to the drays and teams for conveyance of goods ; those men should be scouted and shunned by all honest men for their meanness and falsehood. Again I do not so much blame the carriers tor making: so high a charge ; for when it is considered that it is nearly 50 miles to the upper diggings, through a great many rivers, and over some of the steepest mountains in the colony ; over which a horse must carry a hundred weight, with the danger of man and horse falling and dashing themselves to pieces, I say when all this is considered, I cannot say that £3 is too much for man and horse ; but this I say, that the carriers should keep their agreement, and take persons to their journey's end, and not leave tbem and their goods at the foot of the mountain, when there is but little chance of their getting easily away. And now to begin our return journey to Sydney, we had but little money, a long land voyage before us, and no doubt rather an expensive one ; we heard tbat we had to pass by almost all of the scenes where Lynch or Dunleary had acted his most sanguinarry tragedies; and in fact as two inexperienced travellers, we thought it far best, to avoid having at all come from the diggings, as every person who has been there is supposed to come back with a pocket full of gold ; and were they to deny having any, they would not be believed, but would be looked on with a suspicious eye, and perhaps stopped and robbed of all they had— and this to us would have been a great misfortune; we, therefore, hailed as two seaman from Twofold Bay. We accord ingly started at 9 a. m., rounded Irish corner, and passed through Braidwood, distant, I am told, about twelve miles from Bell's Creek, and at night camped under a tea tree — rather cold. On the 24th, boiled a pot of tea, started at 6 a. m. ; in the evening it began to rain hard and we lost our way, for we took the road to Bungonia instead of that to Goulburn, and came to a station near Lake Bathurst at 6 p. m. ; asked for shelter for the nigbt even in a cow-house or shed, offering to pay for it, but was denyed shelter even among the latter. The hospitable owner of this place, we were informed, is named John Conlon, who is reported to be very rich in land and cattle, and the owner of several large stations, but always looks twice at a sixpence before he changes it, to purchase a candle to light him and his equally hospitable old wife to bed. Being refused shelter, we went on in the rain, and at last crossed into an old hut with half the roof off, got into one corner and sat down, slept in our wet clothing without a fire or a pot of tea to warm us. On daylight appearing next morning, the 25th, started again most particularly wet and uncomfortable ; fell in with a station, boiled a pot of tea, and started again, and at night reached Bungonia, distant 58 miles from Braidwood ; between which there is but one house of public accomodation for. travellers. At Bun gonia we slept at the Kangaroo Inn, kept by Mr. Hughes, a most civil and obliging man, and worthy the patronage of any traveller on that road. Next morning, the 26th, started at 7 a. m., passed through Marulan, Wongaloo ; crossed Paddy's River, and slept at a hut, on the ground before a good fire, belonging to Mrs. Smith, a kind old woman, in a place called the ploughed ground, which is so called on account of the ruggedness and unevenness of the ground ; this place is distant from Bungonia 28 miles. And now for a word or two about gold again. Having during the short time I had been at the diggings, carefully observed the stratas of the different soils from which the gold was obtained, I was particularly curious during my journey back in observing the ground over which I passed, and I feel confident that from the nature of the ground, it being exactly the same as that from whence the gold is obtained, from the abundance of quartz which is scattered all over its surface,and some of that of the most beau tiful kind. From the upheavings of the land on the banks of the different creeks, and the many appearances of former volcanic eruptions, I say that I feel confident in my own opinion, and I doubt not that this opinion will shortly be borne out,— that from Braidwood to Bungonia, and for miles further on the road to Syd ney, there is one immense gold field, with a plentitude of water for washing. Of the Shoalhaven gold field I can say nothing, I not having seen them ; but tbe accounts whioh I received in the neigh- bourhood hold out very little inducement. 28th. Started at 7 a.m.; rained hard, walked in the rain all day ; at night reached Stonequarry, distant from Mr. Green's 24 miles; roads dreadfully bad, almost leg deep in mud ; slept at the Picton Hotel, kept by M'Kay and his wife, who are both extremely kind and obliging people. 29th. Started at 6 a.m. ; crossed Razorback, passed through Camden, and slept at the Ship Inn, Cross-roads. Next morning, 30th. started at 7 a.m.; passed through Liverpool, along the Dog-trap Road, tbrough Parramatta, and at 11 a.m., stepped on board the steamer, and 2 p.m., landed in Sydney, quite tired out, and satisfied with having seen the elephant, and that a morsel and content therewith, is better than a feast with strife. I trust it will be understood that I have not written this sketch out of any interested motive, neither from envy, hatred, malice, or ill-will to any man, but I have done so to show the misrepresentations and the false reports that are circulated in Sydney, to deceive the un suspecting poor man, and to induce him to give up a certainty for an uncertainty— a comfortable home, be it ever so humble, for toil, privation, and the danger of loosing his health and ruining his con stitution for a mere labour lottery where, fairly speaking, one outof every twenty may be successful. That there is gold to be got there is no denying, but it requires capital and great labor to make it pay ; and I would by all means advise all persons what ever, who are resolved to go after gold to tho South, to take the overland route, as they can get their eflects to any amount taken on drays, carts, or horses in perfect safety, even into the centre of the diggings, and will be sure to meet with good accommodation on he road. Hoping that this rough sketch may save even one of my fellow citizens from being duped, I beg leave to subscribe myself, Your obedient servant, THOMAS FENNELL. Windmill-street. Late R.N, 