STEPS TO THE ALTAR. THE SUNDAY BEFORE. Tutr should begin your preparation f ir a devout and protiiable reception of tho Holy Communion, as soon as notice ifl given in church at its intended celebration. Therefore, on tho evening of the same day whon your usual prayers are over, and you a o still upon your knees, set before your mind tho great work you have iu hand, and the great blessing you will soon receive, by meditating seriously and devoutly on the following pasaajos of holy Scriptures :— "Fiom tho rising of the sun even unto tho going down of the name. My Name shall be great anving the Gentiles: and in every place incense shall be oflered unto My Name, and a pure offering: for My Narne shall be great among the heathen, aaith the LOUD of Hosts."—Mal.i, 11, "Then JESUS said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto yon, Except ye eat the Flesh of die Son of Man, and drink Iiis Blood, yo have no life in yon. Whoso eateth My Flesh, and drinketh My Blood, bath eternal life : and I will raise him up at the lust day." " As the living FATHER hath sent Sfe, and I live by the FATHER ; so ho that Mtaih Ale, even ha shall live by ile."—John vi 53 St. 57. "Jesus took bread and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, cut: this is My Body. And He took the cup and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, Drink ye a'J of it; lor this is My Blood of the new testameut, which is «hed for many for the remission of sins."—." Matt. xxvi. 20, 27, 28. "The Cup of blessing which we bless, is it not .tho communion of the Blood of CHRIST? The broad which we break, is it nottlie communion of the Body of CHRIST? For we being many, aro one Bread and one Body ; for we are all partakers of that oue Bread."—1 Cor. x. 10, 17 " W hat reward shall I cive unto the LORD for all the benefits that lie hath done unto me ? 1 will recti the cup nf salvation, and call upon the uamo of the LORD."—FA. cxvi, 11, 12. " 1 will wash my hands in inno-viey, O LOUD, and so will I go to Thine altar."—re. xxvi. 0. After an earuost consideration c'the ho'y lessons which are taught you iu these t jits, lift up your heart and say. - 0 Loan JUBUS CIIUIST, Who art a Priest forever, and )Vho hast said, My Flesh is meat indeed, and My Blood is drink iudeci; I believe that Thou art tho CIIUIST, the SON of the Living GOD, Who camost into this world, and art present in this Sacraneut. Lord, increase my faith. Visit, 1 beseach Thee, O Thou God of Mercy, and cleanse my conscience, that our LORD JESUS CHRIST wben HA eometh, may find iu me a uianuon prepared for Himself, Who livcth and reigneth with Thee in tho unity of the HOLY GHOST one Gun, world without end. Amen. Our FATHER, Which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy Name ; Thy kingdom come : Thy will boaoueouearth, as it u in heaven; g'»oUB this day our daily bread i and for- §i v ® us oor t^-spasM,, as we forgive thorn that trespass agamistjiis, and lead us not into temptation, bat deliver u, jrwn evil, Amen. May tho words of njy mouth,'and tho meditations of my hnort, be always acceptable in Thy sight, O Loan, my strength and my Itcdoemer. Glory be to the FATnsit, and to the SON, and to the HOLY GIIOST I As it was in the beginning, is now, and' ever shall be, world without and, Amea, For reading in the cotirsd of this day, you may take No. 1. Appendex II. 