Woes resume our review of the proceedings of the " Council of advice " at its late, and proba bly final meeting. The 44 Electoral Act "—that memorial of the corruption of our Government, and of the darkness or wickedness of those who " have steadily voted with the Government " — occuDied the almost undivided attention of our colonial Solons; who, never having become chargeable with the crime of making one good law, have shewn the ruling passion, strong in death, by producing with their latest breath; — when truly 4 in ai'ticulo mortis' — this bright emanation of their genius ; which is so well cal culated to raise our country in the scale of na tions, and to impress the stamp of consistency on the proceedings of our Legislators : as they began so they ended — as they lived so they died —their last production is a fair specimen of their previous contributions to our Statute Book,'4 ad uno disce omnes.' 'The Electoral Act is founded oti, aud is intended to givo effect to the 13 & 14 Vict., cap. 59, commonly known as the Austra lian Colonies better Government Act. By that Act — the 13 & 14 Vict. — a small, a very small instalment of that liberty which every community subject to the British crown has a right to enjoy, so far as they are capable of exercising it, is conceded to the politically oppressed people of Van Diemen's Land. The Bill does not remove, and could scarcely be said to relieve, in any per ceptible degree, our political thraldom, did not its slightly expansive character hold out the pos sibility of rearing the tree of liberty in a conge nial soil. Here, notwithstanding the profligate in difference to and trifling with truth in high places, freedom will rear her standard ; for God made this fair country to be the abode of freemen ; and in our veins, and in the veins of our neigh bours of Australia runs the Anglo- Saxon blood, throbbing at every pulsation for deliverance from the disgrace which our mother has so cruelly Eut upon us, but, which past experience should ave taught her will be wiped away by her de scendants, even at the sacrifice of those ties of affection which it is so hard to sever; and which have induced her sons to submit, almost without a murmur, to injustice, to surrender every right, save that of defending their own honour, which England herself cannot sully with impunity. But let not the colonists be deceived ; the Act is little more than a delusion, and a mockery of our .long cherished hopes ; and it will be only with toil and painstaking, that the patient and well-directed labours of "good men and true" will produce good fruit from so barren a stock. The New South Wales legislature has protested against it as an infringement of their liberties, and we should look upon it rather as a merely theoretical improvement in our political condi- LlOn lUaii uo ci. oulrobuinlu! avi|ulotiluu uf llbui ij True it is, that the elective principle is intro duced, but the provisions of the Act take away all power from the elected, and consequently render unavailing the privilege conferred on the electors of choosing their own representatives. The degree of controul which a representative legislature exercises over the expenditure of a Government, defines pretty accurately the de gree of freedom enjoyed under that Government ; and by this test we 'may arrive at a knowledge of our own position, and of tho advantages to be derived from the 44 Act for the better Govern ment of the Australian Colonies." New South Wales, Victoria, and Adelaide, complain loudly of the Schedules appended to the Act, — of the appropriation of the ordinary revenue of the co lony by the sole authority of Parliament, — of the administration of the waste lands and the territorial revenue arising from them, — of the withholding the customs department from the 'Controul of the legislature, — of the dispensation of the patronage of the Colonial Minister,— and of the veto reserved and exercised by the same ministers in all matters of local legislation ; and in the former colony, the report of a select com mittee of the House on the new Constitution, embodies all these points in a powerful protest against such interference with the legitimate pri vileges and functions of the local legislature. If then, the 13 & 14 Vict, is so objectionable to our neighbours generally, and so defective as to call from the Council of N. S. Wales a record of their 44 deep dissatisfaction and disappointment at the constitution conferred by that Act on the colony," how much more grievous is the injustice inflicted on Van Diemen's Land by the imposi tion of a Civil List of such magnitude aB to render our new charter a nullity ? Schedule C puts altogether-beyond .the.reach of the legisla ture the enormous sum of £42,000, which toge ther with our unjustly abstracted land fund, and £25,000 a-year contributed by the British Go vernment, makes a sum total of between £80,000 and £90,000 over which the people have no con- itroul. Ponder this Tasmanians, and reflect (on the double veto which is kept in reserve to check every step your, legislature may take towards more extended freedom and' then enquire where is the substance of this vision of self-government which has so long dazzled us? Is it not verily an unsubstantial: ghost of freedom ? The Bill, however, meagre as it is, will pro duce good' eft'octs.: 'The extent of tho franchise, and tho principle of election, will establish a bettor relation between the upper and lower orders of society ; classes now distinct will bo brought into closer contact with each' other, and the result, we trust, will be, that old prejudices will be wipod away, and that those exaggerated notions of tho faults and follies of others, which arise from the misanthropic effects of seclusion, will givo place to the more generous arid truer sentiment, that human nature, in all its phases, contains much of good, which only requires the softening influence of social intercourse to bring to light ; and although wo havo scarcely gainejd one iota of political power, the very name of self- fovernment has caused men to remeriiber their irth-right, and haB-given an onward impetus to tho people, which wiU achieve that freedom which is now so scrupulously withheld from them. We have thus shown that little more than the shadow of self-government, properly so called, has been conceded to this community by the 13th and 14th Vict., while our imperious masters, no doubt under the salutary determination of ren dering our political change mild and gentle, — lest an overdose of freedom should pall upon the senses and create nausea — have jealously kept the substance from our grasp. But, limited as are the powers conferred on the legislature by our new constitution, we were scarcely prepared for such strenuous efforts as have been made by the local Government to reduce those powers within still narrower hounds : to destroy the very purity and freedom of elections, in order to en able the Lieutenant-Governor to pack a house suited to his own purposes. , We shall now consider, seriatim; the most, important features of the 44 Electoral Act," and the manner in which they have been treated by the 44 Council of advice." First then, in point of order, if not of importance, stands the divi sion of the colony into Electoral Districts. The principles on which that division was said to be based, were, as we before stated, if not compre hensive, at .least sound so far as they went; and we shall now proceed to state what those prin ciples were, to enquire how far they have beeu acted up to, and to shew in. what points they have been departed from; " ' Tho two great, principles laid down by the G-overnment, and by which it was said they had been guided in defining -the Electoral districts, were, the equalization, so far as practicable, of the number of voters in each district, and the protection of the agriculturists and graziers from an undue preponderance of electors, who derive their qualifications from township property, — or as they were termed by the great exponent of state policy 44 township voters." We have no disposition to quarrel with these principles, — they are, it is true, narrower than the flourish of trumpets by which their announoement was preceded led us to expect — a precise and elabo rate census was required — the Government stood in need of vast information — much time was required for deliberation — in fact, the moun tain was in labour ; and behold in the Electoral Act the puny, &even; months' bantling which has been produced— 44 nascitur ridiculus mus " — but we have evevy' disposition to quarrel with the total departure from these principles, which has been so unbiushingly practised, and which stamps weakness, inconsistency, and bad faith on the proceedings of the Government. \- We shall continue this subject in our next. . 