Miscellaneous Selections. -oo- . Death of Miss Biffin. -On Wednesday week Miss Sarah Biffin , the celebrated miniature painter, who was born without hands or arms, died at her-lodgings in Duke-itreet, Liverpool, at tlie age'of sixty-six"." The deceased Was born at East Quanlóxhofcd^hear'Rrldtfí waler, Somer- set', InUhe'year 1781." ".She manifested in carly life the talent for drawing and painting,- which' she afterwards cultivated to so extraordinary an extent ; and' she was initiated, in the first rudi- ments . of the art hy a'Mr. Dulces, to whom she bound hersrlfiby a wrRYeu'agreemenf,';to give the.whole of her, time and exertion*, and for' that purpose/ to iCronin forra term of years in Iiis house. ; She fem'dned'with'him'"sixteen years, during ' which time she received a salary' of £5 per annum. After, she left Mr. Duke's Miss Billin, was patronised by their lá'e-_Majc»tios George thé Tlilrd.'George'jlie Fourth",and;Wil- liam the Fourth j'hy the.'Queen Dowager, by her. presenf Majesty, by" Princo Albert, "and by a host of the nobility;and-other distinguished persons. For many yëars: she su, potted her- self by miniature'painting but'after the death of several of her benefactors and kind friends, who were always ready to assist her in obtaining orders for pictures, or In ditpoiing. of such as she was enabled lo, completo when not otherwise employed, 'and, as Aga grew upon her, she be- came mui-h reduced in circumstances. ': A'few "years 'ago. »he went ito .Liverpool,;where:she made an Ineffectual attempt to support herself by .her.bwn exertions, and' where, after.some time, 'through the exertions of Mr. Rathbone,'an an- nuity was purchased for her. by subscription. Bell's Life, Oct. 13. : . .'I t' A Striking Recollection of Dates'.-Kt the County Sessions on^Tuesday last, in the case of an appeal . of^Teigh-.i>. Wy mondham, as to.thc removal of " á'páupér "named Gnrfoot, the prin- cipal witness (the 'pauper) appeared to data all tho events" In'1 hi's - iife'frotn' the great.fight be- tween Ciibb andMolyneux;' On getting into tho witnëts-box and being asked by Mr. Roberts' how many , years it was since he lived with'Mr. .Tsigli,'".Wlty, about'the year of thé great-fight 'belwsen .Cribbynnd Molly, Knocks.'* ««, Well.but how.;;roahyv'yeVrii is.ithat since," enquired ,the CounsVl. '.^jDon'l^' you know,'that-come,- get your book and _ learn'' your lesson,-you're no ' skolard' if you'don't know when, that ere.great fight'took pla'Cr." 'Attempts,were made by Mr. O'Brien (the opposing'countel),to get witness to 'call: back to bis recollection .the length of time ho sei ved Mr.. Roberts, of Teigh', but with no better success ; ho liad < taken his sacramental oath to speak/.the, truth, and ..nil! ho could say was", that it -was about tho year of the great fight between " Cribb anti* Molly Knocks."-Xan caster Journal, Oct. .? : ? '.'?'? We find' tho following Interesting extract in the Times, October; 25 :-«? Currier Pigeons from Sir'John Ross.-Vie have learned from' a private source, that'.on,'Friday last two of the carrier pigeons token with him when he left the' Port of Ayr, and Some of which were to be de- spatched home in thc event of his either'finding Sir John Franklin or being frozen in. arrived at' Ayr, finding-their, way home ,at once lo the dove-cot which they occupied previous to their being taken away. The birds, we understand, arrived'within a short ,time of ouch other, but neither of them, we regret to ho informed, con- veyed anything in thc shape of letter or note of any kind. One of them.. Indeed, had had some document ,attached, which was found to.be con- siderably niutilnted-it having Apparently been shot away; The'time they were liberated by Sir John "Ross is, of course, uncertain, but taking into consideration " the well known powers of flight possessed by thc carrier pigeon, it cannot have been very long since they left our gallant counttymcn. Thu arrival of authentic; news from thc Arctic regions will bo looked forward to with additional anxiety, from the probability which has now arisen that soma tidings may have boen beard of Sir John Franklin. Inde- pendent, however, of the Interest which other- wise attaches tn the extraordinary flight of these' pigeons, lt will bc regarded by naturalists as a most remarkable incident. We do not recollect of any parallel to lt. Tho distance the creatures must have truverted cannot be far short of 2000 miles, und as they travel by sight, and'not by scent, the fact is more "extraordinary. .Slr John Ross', We" Leltcv'e," took five plgrons willi him, which lt may be remembered, were stated, In the last accounts-a's received of him, to have been , at that time all alive; sp that there are still three. ¡to be accounted forl**îiv^'., Ç . .» ' ' . i .A Husband Transferred;-\ tailor, who was. married to a very, sickly.woman, got enamoured -of a'young girl who lived in hisneighbourhood,. ¡and gave her the following promise Iniwriting ( to "marry lier immediately on the demise of . his, ¡wife:-" In two"days" after:the"demise of ¿ny ^present,wife T promise tb'marry MlsvMorgan," 'or ' order_j' Value .received under. £50 'sterling. '.Given under my,band,th!» 10th day.of-May-J. iSulllvan."' Shortly'alter Miss Morgan received 'the above she died, , leaving it endorsed to a I w oman',.» ho nlio chanced to -take a fever, and [died* before; the.'iállor's wife". J.Í.HpwéVef. on her sick bed, the also endorsed the note and gave it ¡to n'causln,' whom.tho tailor,HbscJútely married,' agre'eably^to 'Ihe.ojidommenl^ In, two" days' after, j tho "'dësîth' pf ; lila' .'wife.'j, "and,' tikis' said.that the. : tailor ' and ' this wife. aire now livjng, happily, in' . the clly!pf': Kilkenny.- Kilkenny Modirat or.' ._ i v The present estimated population of London is, ;2,201,075 )'"namely,' 1.032.030,.: males, and : ! 1.171,445 fsmiles; lu 1849, Ibero were 72.6G2 ' 'births, and 61,432 deaths. .'" ' ; . t ' /Ii»1 Awk wa rd Advent ure ..at .Tïôm».-An lEiigllsh'gentlemnn, now living with lils'wife'at ¡on» of bur liest hotels, .aftergp'od ilinner. sal-..' Heil out tn smoko'a cigar and sur vey'tho' "-.City of Souls." A bright morin'; suggested tho Co- liseum, and* thither Jho bent .his. lonely..steps,; and'. skirting ' thV Palatine, tho Pallico "of, the Cosars, and the Aiigustan''.IIalls',áiid musing in i silent sadness on all' around, holding ^sweet. converse with his own soul arid Byron,* us serv- ed up by Murray, lt ls' difficult to ssy to what conclusions he might or might not have como to on finding himself for thc; first 'time in such a place as tho Coliseum at such an hour, had hot lils grand and gloomy reveries been interrupted by tho sound of footsteps, hastily .approaching, him.from behind.. Ha turned round and beheld' tho figure of a man attired in the garb of n 'priest, wlio had Issued from one of the " rents of. ruin." and had p'assid him su ' closely ns to rub against Iiis shoulder tn so doing. The figure in black.had almost' disappeared behind the Arch of' Constantine, when honest John Bull be- thought lilm of his watch, and, feeling for lt, found not what.he sought. A moment's re (lec- tion determined him tn follow the wily priest, until lie came up with him In an open-space ' whero lurkers might not bo hld ; so, pouncing upon his man, ho demanded the . lestitution of his property. Tho priest understood no Eng. Hali, and our friend no Italian) but ai a sub- stitute for the language, our countryman showed his fist and pointed to the watch-pocket of the other, made himself so well' understood that tho teriified and trembling ecclesiastic at once sur- rendered the watch, which sntlsfn-d his anta-; gonlit, who returned home. Oh recounting tba' affair to his lady, however, he was not a little astonished when she pointed to his own watch, lying on his dressing table, which he had left behind him on going out. Hs drew fortli the other from lils pocket, and a glance showed him that, without intending it, he had bren guilty of a highway robbery. On going to the police the next day with a Irlend, to explain' tho business, ho found that tho priest, well known In Romeas a vcnorabls and holy mnn, lind already been there, nm) drpnscd that, on t*kl»g his usual " constitutional " nftrr tho brat of ilia day, ho had bren accoited hy n" tJarribaldiito Inglese,'' and, by thrests nnd menaces, been obliged to I deliver up his watch. A Strong (¡lae*.-A man In a neighbouring' town has so good n spy-glass thal looking at .his third cousin through it, it brought him so near as to be a first cousin. ^Sagacity ofthe Hawk.-Vot a consinVrabl tims a hewie had domiciled in the gardens of Iii Re*. W.^Yl NilUj'bf Burrow-on-lhe-IIlll, .ni ap/esrH contented ; and, happy ia. ]|(! i0|ltarj ?late of celibacy ; bul suddenly, during Mr. N.s absence from Imme for a few days on clerics duty, th« hawk, missing*, ihr friend, abseht« Itself, aiiÜ'ñfter tome time wat, given, lip at lost It wat considered that the bird had fljwn away and joined its tribe in the woods, and was irre- coverably gone. But ofter, nearly three week's absence.-when all' thoughts of the bird were vanished, as "_ Mr. .ti., was walk'ii? on lite road which leads from Burrow.to Somerby, his atten- tion was suddenly called to the dight of a large hird, which came and settled on a tree neal which he was passing. On lookiog up he per calved that.it was a hawk, and then called oui " hawkey.'*' and proceeded on his way. lo his joyful surprise the.bird in a short time followed him; by 'takinga circul-ir flight and .winging its way to another tree, which the pedestrian had tc pass on his way'to Burrow ; and, in this .way the hawk continued| regularly taking its Hight as Mr. N^n'dvanced, going circularly from tree tb tree, until it finally reached that honïekwhicli if had'so"long forsaken," and. where it'again seemed happy and'at rest-so delightful it home, wlieir its'deprivations have been felt, cveu to a bird:---v.". .,.;""',-"'.; . ',.."'.: . ; ' .« Thus »when 'opp'rcssM willi rude tumliltuoui cares, , ..... ,';". ' .' , '., ' . .1. . "' To'VtUw/.asmt'Iiorn'e.-.tlie' fainting mind re pairs';" ; '.."'' '." ."' . .. .'. ¡. SiilLtó thy breast o' wearied pilgrim flies, ThorA'rk of Refugee¡ from) uncertain skies." Probably the bird..-would'."never have found its way of return had it not recogniafej its owner on the road-the eye bf the hawk first caught sight of.lhe peraori, au.d*.then. the ear recognised the ypict.- T.elcetter Journal, ? An Antique Advertisement.-Advertigemenl extraordinary which appeared at Aylesham, in the county of Norfolk, 1080 :-. " By her Mxjetty's. letters patent. Beards taken otTund Registered by '.' "ISAAC FU.NCHARD. Barber Periwig maker, Surgeon, Parish Clerk, Schoolmaster, HIacktluilh, and Man Midwife. I shaves for'a pennie, cuts hair for'tiro pence, aird nyled and . Pôwdired' in 1 the bergane,' ".young Ladies- gentely' educated, lamps lltc'd' by the year pr quarter, young Centimen also taut their Gram'mer,'langunge"dn the neatest manner, and great keei takln of their marréis, and Speien. Also Saline -Singing and florie shewing by the reel makir, Hkewis maks and Mends all sorts of bulos and .shews, teaches the Ho hoy and ,Jews lia'rpt.'-ciits corns; '? hiedes, and . blisters on .the lowest terms. ^Coiitillons abd other dances'taut at hoam and abrade in; all ils branches, sells all sorts of Stàshlnary ware,- together, willi bl ickici balL'Rcd herinti Gingerbread, Coals, Scrubbin brushes, treycle, mousetraps", and. alt other sweetmeats;. Likewise'Godfather's cordial,'red rutes, Tatoet, Satugcs, Black Puddins,and other Garden stuff. ? . ..P.S. I teeches. Goggrify? andall .them out langnaged kind of tilings. . A bawl on Wensday and Friday. All performed. God willun by me. ". " ISAAC PUNCHAnD. r*' To be hard bf nt my warehouse, where you may be served-with Hie-very beat Bacco, by the ounce;-ream,, quire',,br Single sheet. N.B. Also likewise,, beware of Counteracts for. such i» abrode.*.* .? v . , , . f A Pheasant tvl'h a Covey of Partridges.-. A .merchant of Liverpool, who owns a-, manor at some distance, and Who retires occasionally from the turmoils of public'.-and 'private, business to tho. enjoyment of country reoications, observed In the course of last summer, associated with a certain. brood of partridges, a- fine young co;k pheasant... Tn the spring, no doubt, a fiheasant egg. had by some chance, been dropped n the nest of a partridge and the young cock had been reared with tbs brood, lt was thought that wherivthe biid; grew to tho full dignity, of I his plumage,, andi f.lt, himself every, inch a I pheasant) he would quit , his luimbhi fosterers, retiro to the brown covers, and associate with his kind. - At the commencement of the sporting season, however, he was still found in open ground closely allied .with his .early friends. Whenever this covey¡waSiSpru'ng, he arose with them ; nndrhis.presence gave them, for a lime, Immunity from the perils of powder and shot. At length, however.tho season for pheasant shooting:arrived¿ and tho presence of the nubia bird was no longer a protection to his own friends. The covey was known !to be on. the edge of the manor. It-was scientifically sought-set with due sagacity-the covey rose with their rlclily plurned associate amongst them, nnd he was ldc first bird shot on that manor on the 1st October, . Why Should: Man Fear Death ?- Why should man fear ' that which, ho .cannot know P So long as - a man. lives, lie is not in death ; il he bo immortal,' death is being born into new life ; and: in " this new life lie does not, cannot, sutler dsñth, for still 'living, he cauinU- know death'?.and,.if mortal only, lie will be as he was before .birth.. :- Besides, the ^arrangements : of universal animated nature are such that one ge- neration must of necessity give place to its suc- cessor. .This, therefore, being of'the necett'i'y of nature, there can bo' nothing more to fear in dying -than ; in being .born ; the one Is the un- conscious; commencement of being-and. the other, .the termination of man's conscious exist- ence, at least, so far as'man has experience and knowledge. ', What, then, can lhere be,to fear In death P. Life,'so long ai it is-accompanied with enjoyment ; and .-happiness,, is -desired and de- vil able;: heneo.man hopes.for its continuance. .But, often -sickness,--and .the infirmities of old age, change tb« hope of. lifo into the desire of death,!-The: fear' oL death-does not,:therefore,' seem natural'to man,. A strong and almost Ir- resistible love of life is-implanted in-the nature of man,- and Ia indispensable for'the preservar lion of, his 'organic (existence j but this is not the fear .of death, .it- Is'.thu;love of life. The regions of-darkness have been conjured: into nn unreal leXistenco; and: by the magical powers of un- unhealthy imagination.1 have been ipeopled, with' spectres, « ghosts." mid demons, which.no- where exist, but in tho trembling; souls of< in- toxicated, fanatic*. Yet, - supernatural . agencies nt ,work, men1 have risen superior to any fear of the future :'- for il is only1 reasonable'to conclude, arguing from analogy," that tba sune economy which governs this' world 'governs all time and- space ; and, llioreforo, Ibero lt nothing tn the universe to fear, i :? ,i .Reclamation offhand.-Tlie-,cliangrsln'thb' Norfolk estuary,' about to be commenced under ' the superlntDiidenco of Sir John Rennie and Mr. Robert Stephenson, will form ona of tho largest' engineering works ever undertaken1 in 1 the eastern counties of England. .- The -main abject ls to reclaim from the sea'a tract of land of great agricultural' vahiH,, measuring 32,000- acres ¡ hut In addition to this, the fens and tho'lowlands .known as'the Bedford Level, will be thoroiiglily drained, and the navigation of the'-Ollie, from thc soa to Lynn and beyond,' »ill be greatly Improved.-. The estimated expense of reclamation is £20 an acre ; for tho entire work'£610,000. Towards-this targe sum-the corporation of Lynn has voted. £00,000, anil the fen proprietors £60,000 more : the remainder ls.to be raised by, n joint stock company. The land; it ls taid.'^vUI be worth on the averagn £45 an aeré; sb thai In a few years It ls believed the'outlay.wlll be entirely repaid,'' 'v ' ':'*' .' »??>* '!i -* -' ; Tnt Gambler'*' Sony.-Gambling hàt'îhad Its d*y among m.' Il ls already » '... thing that' was," soi far as'its glory or prèftt ara concerned. To think that »brno' thousands of 'Idlers, w iii «t few Thousand' dolían among them all; cari lire and' thrive on each'other;.I» itoo preposterous. " Game so far as they are concerned, ls extremely' .care« In these' parts. The: following*, as its style shows, may ba supposed to be the'red, ctlons of any one of the." sporting.men,'» for they nra all liable fabe In th» condition of the one'wlio the Recorder th August lait »" ./ '. \Yhon I'm rich i rldos in huiieSj. ,; '. /.; When. I'm .poor I walk*-&nd; cusses:; : ,i * When I'm rich my tailor's civil, ..».; .,-i. ? When-I'm poor a dunning devil. ..: . , ,' - . lValira. la-ita, In! ,: - ; When I'm rich I bets on 'oise*, . ' -When'. I'm poor for browns I. losses'; . "?? Whén i'in rich friends niki assistance; . : When Pm poor they keeps tttoir distance. Tralira, la, la, ia I When I'm rich cigars ! uses, ?' ? iV When I'm poor in (¡tilda I chewaes j . :; When I'm rich the girl* all kiss" me. " - < ?? "^When' I'm poor they cut and quia me. ? > -'.I ? . Tralira, la, ls, lat t >t ' . v -¿Daily Pacific Newts December ll»' '.' man accustomed to ?' indulge,*' entered «fie room of * a certain " Inn, 'tvlip'r'e>sst a WaWlfripnd, hy- the fire. Lifting a'p upon hit'forehead; rubbing liit inti »med p'yVi,* and caillncr for'hot brahdv arni watery lie com- plainer] to lils friend that .' lils eyes were Hatting weaker" sod,Weaker", and ItiHt evrn spectacles didn't seem tn, do them any c«od." . .*, I'll tell thse. friend." - replied the Quikery " what I think. If thou wast tn wear thy spectacles over thy mouth for a few months, thy eyes would get round again." What /* Dist ?-Old Dr. G'ooprr. of South Carolina, used tn say to his students-" Don't he afraid of "a little dirt, young gentlemen. What is dirt? Why, nollitiur at all offensive, when chemically viewed. Rub a little alkali upon that dirty grease-spot on your coat, and it undergoes a chemical change and becomes snap ; now rub It.with a littlo water.and lt disappears ; it is neither grease, soap, water, nor dirt. Dint ls not a very odorous pile of dirt you obseive there: well, scatter a little gypsum over-it, and it is no longer dirt}1. -Every thing you call dirt is worthy your notice as students of chemistry. Analyze it ! Analyze it ! lt will separate into very clean elements. Dirt mnkes corn, corn makes bread and meat, and that makes a very s'weeet young lady that I saw one of you kissing Inst night. So, after all, you were kissing dirt -particularly if she whitened her skin with chalk , or Fuller's, earth. There is no tell- ing, young gentlemen, what is dirt. Though [ may say that rubbing . such stuff , upon the brautiful skin of a young lady, is a dirty practice. Pearl powder, I think, is mide of bismuth-nothing, hut dirt." Lola Montez.—This English-Irish-Spanish woman is said to have become devout. She wears a rosary, rises early, and prays fervently. Her constant companion is the " blessed bible." Lola is gone to Madrid, with the intention of entering a convent. Diseuse* of Cattle.- Disensos of ci Ule often afflict men who subsist on them. Tn' 1515 and 1573\. nearly all the sh-'ep In France prrlsh-d'hy disease resembling tho small-pox ; and in 1509. tho .Venetian government, to stop n fatal dis- ease among tho people; prohibited the sale of ¡ meat, butter, or cheese on pain of drath. The murruin of cattle baa a bubo like the plague, and from 1705 to 1711 it spread among cattle, sheep, and hones, all over Europe, 5,857 dying in Middlesex, Essex, and Surry : nnd Europe lost one million and a half. It affected,men who eat the flesh, according to Sauvages, destroying at Nismes' the tongue in' twenty-four hours ; and Paris was similarly' afflicted ni 157G. From 1740 to . .1750, the cattle were attacked hy; dis- ease like the small- pox, ¡n ail patts of Europe, and it was considered as a cause of spreading that diseasa.among the eaters. , In 170 t, horses, cattle, sheep, dogs, and poultry died in thou- sands all uver Europe. ; .In Holland only, 208,354. The True'Heroes.-It is HU honour to be able to mould ¡ron, tu bo skilful In working cloth, wood, clay, and leather. It Is man's vocation to raise corn; to subdue j the fibre of the cotton and convert it into beautiful robes, full of com- fort for the body. Thi'y are the heroes of the race who abridge the time of human toil and multiply Its results. But the glory ihtt comes of "epaulettes and feathers-that strutting glory which is dyed in blood-what shall wo say of. lt ? In this day it is not heroism, it is an "imitation of barbarism long ago passed hy. " When I am a man," is th« poetry of child- hood : when I was young," is tho poetry of old age. 