THE REVt -PA.4I SKEILE AND STHE EXETER : CONTROVERSY. [Fromr j3fiW*, Waelly &fet;#Xffer, 3rd,Sept««l»ber^ W,eJ'y kefoje pur. readers the following letter from the pen of --Dr Mf Neile» in -answer to a clergy. (h;«i who -'jiih written to him, citing from the Doctor^ ipvblication several statements against iftiiiuoin»Tian maitterence, nnd asking if it rould be possible that Ihe author of such »tatemeDts had expressed his approval of tberecwitjudgment of the Privy Council in the case of Gorham t. the Bishop of Exeter:— I ?;. Reverend Sir*— I have Jbpftn in Ireland for some time, or I would at an earlier date have acknow. ipdged your letter, and replied toil in that spirit af Christian erfndoor and coort«»»v which yon invoke. I'docordiilly approve of and thankfully rejoice in Oie recent judjgra-nt of Jlje Pri^y Council. You spem to think that such approval would be ieon»i8lent with the strong and recited denumcia. tions of latitudinnrian principles contained in my speeches and H»tftin2«. I 3o not »gree with yon, and I will briefly tell you .wjijr. I cannot command time to go largely into-the subject. . I detpst- th« latitndinvriBm which makes lipht of any Word of God ; and of courVe tKM which would deal even-handed with Popery, Soc^nianisna, and Christianity. Against this I have written and spoken, and hope again to write Bird speak, jo«t in such terms as yoxrhave tjuo4«d from my hooks. I equally detest the narrow- minded bigotry which would ekaJt any rubric^ or canon, fyr cale chism, or praypr, of man^ composition, into the place of a Word of God. ? ??? . ? Concerning the efficacy of baptism upon infants, concerning the baplism of jnfants at alf-r-I d6 niif kuoj» any one, \y.qrd cf JGod.' It is never onc$ mentioned in Holy Scripture. The antiquity »f the practice i« undoubted as' a matter of fket, 'arid '-'I very cordially agrre with those wKo thftiic it ' tnoii Bgreeable with the institution of .^BrtsV.'' ':i . ' r But all that men have written about, iu efBcaey* the quando and the quomodo, is no more and w- belter than infer«nee—inference honestly drawn, let; us ^rant, but certaiqly fallibly,.and by some errqnebu8lyf sjnee all |p not infer alike. ? ;. He who elevates any sucn inference into the place and authority of the Word of God, and thereupon pronouueet «h ? opposing inference to be heresv, seems to me to arrogate infallibility* (at least in this instance) to hitnself. '. ' The recent judgVeut of the Ptivy Council ban checked suoh arrogance, therefore I rejoice in it. ? - - . ......;..: .,., ?-? , ?? .- . I may express my combined conviction thusr— in Divipe truth no lfititqde ; jn bupaan inferences no bigotry. ?'?-..-.. ? Is the proper Godhead or the true humanity of the Savh)ur the question? 19 the atonement the question ? Is the Divinity, persofiiKty, or agency bf the H«ly Ghost in question? Ig the bowing down before images the question? Is anything on which iSo*; has ?plainly speken the question ? Then after tlie first and second admonition reject the heretic B^t is tjie efficacy of baptism to infants the questions? or anything else on which God has not spoken^ Then inferences may Tary- bubhe who on either side would excommunicate is himself this schismatic. Your inference that man must be entirely irresponsible under the. Qh.ris,tian dispensation, \i there b^e such a thing as a prevenieht or arbitrary act of grace united to mea.ns, appears to me to be utterly unfounded — nay ludicrously absurd; but I would be sorry to call you, 6r think of you Bis a Sefeticfor holding it. My inferences on tire sub-. feet, a's you will find them detailed in the chapter sn baptism, in nay book entitled 'The Church and EJhuniftes,-'* will prebably appear to you to be wholy inscrand, but I hope you will not thereupon excom niirticate me. ' y' ' instead ot dmenng among ourselves, concerning, inferences of dcubtful dieputation, let us combine oar etrergies against the connaon' enemies-^-infidelity' oh throne side, which Would dfenrrve. us .of authori tative revelation altogether; and Romanism on t^ie otb«r, with it a insiduoujS reserves and. shows .of. humility, which would practically sapercede: the revelation of. God by corrupt, and khepefore more palatable, traditions of men.^^T ani, Reverend Sir;' Yery. faithfufty yours, Huoh M'Nkile. ? Liverpool, August 24,1850, Tfqu ask permj|8sion to show my reflly, to a friend.. You have: full consent to make any use of it yoq. please. . 