MRS. HARRIS CONFESSED! WE have always been inclined to adopt Betsy Prig's opinion—that there was no Mrs. Harris. But we think we must avow that even an editor can be mistaken, can become the innocent victim of a popu- lar fallacy. For we have now indubitable proof of the existence of that mysterious old lady. Day by day it fronts us in the advertising columns of our contemporary. The suspicion stole upon us gradually : but it has now settled down into convic- tion. The extraordinary intimation to which we refer so befits the shadowy cha- racter of the weird-like dame—is so brief, significant, ominous, authoritative—in a word, so oracular, that we could take our oath it is either Mrs. Harris or nobody. With our usual penetration, in this, as in a thousand instances, we can " fine footing trace." Let the reader judge. "ENSUING ELECTION.—The clergy and laity of the Church of England are espe- cially requested NOT to pledge themselves to vote for any candidate at present." So runs the Harrisian manifesto— briefer and more meaningful than Delphic response. The Brazen Head of Friar Bacon, which opened its miraculous lips to tell the Universe that "time is, was, and shall be," was a mere humbug in comparison with our oracle. For mark the authority with which she speaks—in emphatic types—to the "clergy and laity of the Church of England !" Mark the solemnity with which they are " especially requested " not to do something ! Mark the deep mystery which enshrouds the fulminator of this authoritative warning ! Mark the witch-like scorn of all show of reason for the ominous intimation ! Yes, it must be Mrs. Harris ! For, does not any man with a head one degree better than a flat Dutch cabbage, see clearly that, except the "clergy and laity of the Church of England" are children to be frightened by ghost stories, such an intimation is adapted.to excite ri- dicule rather than sympathy amongst them ? Why no cause assigned—no au- thority shown—no prospective reference indicated ? they will ask. Is there a coming man, then ? Is it Mrs. Harris herself who intends to solicit in person the votes of the clerical and lay constituency she thus mysteriously adjures ? This is the true solution of the enigma. Mrs. Harris here puts forth her address to the electors. And is it not beautifully characteristic of that invisible old lady ? She will come to the canvass, possibly. We shall see her. The secret shall be exploded. We are so anxious to precipi- tate the tantalizing dénouement that we hereby promise to join the clergy and laity of the Church of England in voting for Mrs. Harris, if she will only come out from her impenetrable secrecy, and show herself on the hustings ! 