COLONIAL BISHOPS. WE furnished our readers a few days ago with tome account of the outrageous perversions of the Bishop of Newfoundland. We extract to-day some of the more recent says of Dr Strahen, Bishop of Toronto fUpper Canada >, as a further proof that when Bishops escape to the colonies, they run to weed nearly in the same fashion :— APOSTOLICAL SUCCESSION.—* Now one of our fii-ststeps should be, to make our people fully acquainted with the great privileges which they enjoy, from having been admitted members of that Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, of which our Saviour is the head, aud in which we daily profess our belief. Privileges necessary to salvation can oniy be obtained by our incorporation through holy baptism with the Church of the liviug God—the pillar and ground of the truth —the great channel of Divine grace—and to which all the promises of the Gospel are addressed.* * If such be the Church of England, shall any clergyman be deemed to discharge bis duty who neglects to instruct his parishioners tliat such Associations—of Dissenters—none of them pretending to any regular descent or succession from apostolic timesare not branches of that Church of Christ to which the promites pertain ? It appears to roe, then, to be our imperative duty to arm our people by instructing them—that in belonging to her, they belong to the Church for which Christ died, and through whicn are tendered grace and salvation to a ruined world.' BAPTISMAL REGENERATION.—* Baptism is the sign not only of our Christian profession, but also of our regeneration, or new birth; wheieby the faithful are grafted into the Church, and its privileges of adoption and forgiveness visibly sealed to them. The dedication to the Father, and the Son. and the Holy Ghost, by the mystical washing of water, is alone the essence of the sacrament The cleansing of conscience, the forgiveness of sins, restoration to the favour of God, and union with his nature, are declared in the Bible to be effected in Baptism.' TRACTABIANS.—* I see no reason to depart from an expression of opinion which 1 delivered in iny Primary Charge < with respect to the Oxford writers) nearly three years ago. So far as the Oxford writers brought forward doctrines warranted by Holy Scripture, and . which, though for a time nearly forgotten, have been held by the Church in all ages and in all places, viz., the Apostolic Succession, as declared in our Ordinal—Baptismal Regeneration, as set forth iu our Catechism, and Baptismal and Confirmation Services—and the real though spiritual communion in the body and blood of Christ in the Eucharist, as shewn in the Communion Office—and that the Church is, by Divine appointment, the depository and witness of the truth— they did good service.' PRIVATE JUDGMENT.—*The Church' of England has never recognised, much less maintained, the unqualified right of private judgment in matters of religion.' 'Unlimited private judgment in religious matters is not the doctrine of the Reformation, nor of the Church of Christ in any age.' «Private judgment must therefore, in matters of. religion, be directed and controlled as our Church directs and controls it; otherwise there could be ilo such thing as religious error, or heresy, or dissect.* Extracts from the Church newspaper :— THE CHKISTIAN MIMSTRY.—* if it were necessary, 1 could add a hundred instances from the Bible all going to show that it is there a piominent and oft-repeated, doctrine, that the act of God s authorised minister is the act of God himself.—! I I—And of one thing we may rest satisfied, that if ever God should so deviate from the ordinary course of his providence, as to give a man an * inward call,' as it is termed, to the ministerial office, he will provide the meant by which he is to enter it—he will send him to one of his authorised ministers for ordination."—May 10, 1844. THE CATHOLIC CHURCH.—' SO studiously have the Romanists arrogated to themselves the use of this term, and so tamely have Protestants yielded to this pervereion, that it is sometimes a source of serious misunderstanding, &c.; * Wherever a valid Episcopacy is found, there is a portion of the Catholic Church. Hence there are Syrian Catholics, Gteek Catholics, Roman Catholics, English, Scotch, and American Catholics, all entitled to the use of the term, though, not on the same ground, since some have continued in the apostle's doctrinc &s; well as fettoodbqr, while ethers/have perverted the dectt ine and overlaid «t with noveltiefc. • .Jan. 1845. Ok EpisooPACr (pbchc IOHAXXCBS)*—* What then aridt ibe holy Ignatius no behalf of jEfriscqpal Goranuneat ftad df. tbwe'three ordem in the •fcicfa wrltoi&'Of Cook iSori Prayer, in the preface to the Ordination services of the Church, states to have been observed in the primitive ages of Christianity/— <\- It is evident we ought to look upon the Bishop eten 8* we would do upon the Lord himself.'—* I eihort yon (hat ye ^tudy to do all things in & Divine concord; your Itehop presiding in the p'ace of God ; your Presbyters in the place of the council of the apostles ; »!id your Deacons, being intrusted with the ministry of JCMIS Christ.'— 4 See that ye *!i follow your Bishop as Jesus Christ the Father; and the Presbytery as the apostles ; and reverence the Deacons as the command of God.*—» In like maimer let all reverence the Deacons as Jesus Christ; and the Bishop as the Father; and the Presbyters as the Saahedrin of Gad, and college of the apostles. Without these there is no Cbiirch.'—* Hearken unto the Bishop, that God may also hearken unto you.— Pelt. 14, 1845.) 