Miscellaneous Extracts. The Butt Family and itt Connexion!. ?* In the days nf your great, Kreut, great, (¡rent grandfather," said Mis Bull, diopplnir lier voice still lower, as «lie glanced at Mr Bull In lils repose, " tlie Bulls ofj Rome were not so utterly hateful lo our family a) they are at pre- sent. Wouldn't know them so well, and our family were very ignorant and low in the world. But we have gone on advancing in every gene- ration s'nee then : and nu» we are taught, hy all our family history and experience, and by the most limited rxereise of our rational facul- ties, that our knowledge, liberty, progress, so- cial welfare, and happiness, arc wholly irrecon- cilable and inconsistent with them. That the Bulls of Rome are not only the enemies of our family, but of the whole human race. That »lier, vi r they go, they perpetuate misery, op. pression, dat kness, and ignorance. That they are easily made the tools of the worst nf men, for the worst of purposes ; and that they cannât be endured hy your poor father, or by any man, woman, or child of common Brose, who has the least connection with us." Little John, wdio had gradually left o(T Miuarin«, looked haul nt his aunt. Kringolimgli, Mr Bull's sister, who was grovelling on the gronnd, withlhenhead in the ashes. This unfortunate lady had been, for a length of time, in a horrible condition of mind and body, and presented a most lamentable spectacle of disease, dirt, rags, superstition, and degradation. Mrs Bull, observing the direction of the child's planee, smoothed little John's huir, and directed ber next observation io him. " Ah . you may »ell look nt the poor thing, John," said Mrs Bull," for the Bulls of Rome have had far too much to do w illi her present stale. There have been many other causes at work tn destroy | the strength of her constitution, but the Bulls of Rome have been at the bottom of it ¡ and, depend upon it, wherever you see a condition at all resembling hers, you will find, on inquiry, j that the sutT-rer luis allowed herat If to be dealt with hy the Bulls of Rome, The casesvof squalor ami Ignorance, in all the world most likei'your aunt's, are to be found in their own household ; on thc steps of their'doors ; in the heart of their humes. In Switzerland, you may cross a line, no broeder than n bridge or a hedge, and know, in an instant, where thc Bulls of linne have been received, by tho condition of the family. Wherever the Hulls of Romo have the most in flui-nce, the family is sure lo be the most abject. I'ut your trust in those Bulls, John, and it's in the inevitable order and sequence of things, that you must come to bo something like your aunt, sooner or later." " I thought I lie Bulls of Rome had gut into difficulties, and run away, ma ?'? said Little John, looking up into his motlier inquiringly. " Why, so they did get into dif- ficulties, to be sure, John," replied Mrs Bull, '. and so they thd run nway; but even thc Italians, who liad got thoroughly used to them, found them out, and they were obliged to go and bide in a cupboard, where they still talked big through the key-hole, and presented one of the mont contemptible and ridiculous exhibitions that ever »ere seen on earth. However, they were taken out ot the cupbonid by some friends of theirs-friends indeed ! who care us much for them ns I du for the sea serpent ; but who hap- pened at the morrent to find it necessary to play at soldiers, to amuse Ihrir fretful children, who didn't know what they wanted, and, what was worse, would have it-and so thc Bulls Rot back to Rome, And at Rome they ure anything but saTe to stay, ns you'll find. n>y dear, one of these edi mornings.''-Dickens's I iou se/iiJd Words. A Crocodile Story.-We had some Mk the oilier liny with one of the very few survivors of the Egyptian expedition under Sir Ralph Aber- crombie, who has lived to obtain the Egyptian mrdal fifty years after it was earned. What a mockery to wait till there were not, perhaps, IO alive in the country, nnd then award them medals ! However, to our story. When the brigade under Sir David Baird was marching up the eastern bank of the Nile, towards Cairo, a number of stragglers fill behind, unable from fatigue to keep up with the main body. A reai guard was consequently detached to protect the | strngghrs ami kerp them together. One of ¡ them, a Highlander, however, bi came so ex- 1 haunted that his comrades were obliged to leave ' him to his fal». H» had not been long alone when he saw a large crocodile waddling to- wards him with a very portentous aspect. Poor Donald eyed the monster as it approached him with fei lines of intense alarm ; anti though al- most unable to walk, he mustered up his little remuining stiengtb, and abided the onslaught of the enemy. As the unwieldy bruie was slewing himself round to seize him, Donald dex- terously got astride on its back, ami kept bis scat. He at once drew his bayonet (for he had parted with his musket), and every time the ani- mal turned round his head to bite him he pricked itscvtrely behind its (ore letf, or wherever he could make tho steel prnrtrate. How long the comest continued Donald could not well tell, but he thought it an «ge. When thc rear guard reached head-quarters tho general, on being in- formed that Djimbi had bren h-fl behind, imme- diately dispatched a corporal's guard to bring him in. On coming up to D.inald, there he was still astride of the Bucephalus, which was hy 'his j time nearly exhausted with the wounds inflicted by the biyonit. The musket soon accomplished »lint the bayonet lind begun, and Donnld was | brought into camp -little the worse for his ex- | traordin.ary encounter, and wns ever nfter known : in the regiment as the Crocodile Dragoon.- 1 North llritish Mail. I Old Horses.-Anuthrr great mistake is made by many prisons, in considering that old hoists ' should bc ihdulged by an extra allow-nncc of reit, ¡ compared to that which is pei milted the young ' ones of their stud. The incentive to such prac- ! tice is an amiable, but it ls at the same time a i mistaken one. Old horses cannot hear entire j rest; they may be favoured as to the frequency of calling forth great exertion from them, but a couple of days of entire rest brings on all their old aches and pains arising from work, blows, and falls. Exercise is life to them ; it keeps the vital functions going, and limbs that rrftular and daily exercise keeps pliant, become stiff and rigid by continued absence of motion ; any ex- ertion under such circumstances Is'ntti-ndid with pain, and if an old horse is still in a state to »otk without pain to himself, thc only way to enable him to do sn is to keep him going. If a young horse should lie stiff tho day after hunt- ing, in him all the vital functions are blanch full play, that rest will restore his limbs to Their wonted elasticity ; not so willi thc old one-his flagging energies must be quickened hy motion, or swelled legs, general stillness, and consequent disinclination to motion from the pain lt creates, is thc certnin consequence. In corroboration of what I state'I will rifer to. machinéis, or, in other words, stnge-coach horses ; many a team of these, composed of four highly-bred old cripples, would gallop over their five or six miles of ground nt the rate of fourteen miles an hour, and return thc same singe In the evening, .without, figuratively speaking, turning a hair, or rt quiring a touch of the whip ; and would do such wurk better by far than a young one ; and »hy.they would do so arises from thu following causes-being old, cripples as they were, they cnuld he got, in stable phrase, " of a pretty good family,'1 that is, so very big lily bred that had they been young, or at nil sound, they could not have bren purchased at coach pi ice, and if under- bred they could not bavo stood tho pace. Such highly-bred horses lind years of html kerp in them ¡ the wurk they hail all their lives been at had kept them clear In the wind, and n fast paco had from use become natural to them. If these same horses wera put to n long stage, where tiny worked two days and rested one, thc two resitd horses would, so far from being In the heit state of thc four to commence their stage, cunio out of the stable as still as if they no joints to their limbs t nor, till tiny had hob- bled and cantered a couple nf miles, could they settle to anything like a trot. Old hunters aro, In a mitigated way, similarly affected hy absence of exercise. Wo nil know that aged horns » ill itauil moro wonk than very young ones ; hut neither aged nor old horses will stand «real exertion and long ml alternately,-The //Hill- iup Fitld. A Paris writer says," A rumour is adust that Poland li to be created Into a separat« kingdom, with the «on of the Cur of all the Russians us King. This rumour le, we suspect a canard. Jonathan's Paternal Extacy.- UV cnpy from III" Knickerbocker. It is a postscript toa litter addressed to the Editor liy a funny cor- respondent, who calls himself " Julian." (Anil thi n my hoy. But havii't I told you .» Why, Vvr got a hoy ? a hoy !-lia, ha I i shout It out to yon-a baby ! fourteen pounds, and th« mother a Rt oat deal belter than could he «c. pedi (I ! And I «ny. Mr, Editor, it's mine! hurrah and hallelujah for eyer. Oh, Sir! such legs and such arms, and such a head, and bo, Heavens ! he has his mothei'a lips-can kiss them for ever ! And then, Sir, look al his feet, his hands, his chin, his everything in fact. Give nie joy. Sir - no, you needn't either. I am full no»- ; I i un over ; and they say I run over a number of old women, half killed the mother, pulled the doctor by thc nose, upset an apothe cajy's shop in the cornoi ; and then didn't I rintr the tea bell? Didn't I blow thc horn ? And didn't 1 dance, shout, laugh, and cry alto- gether P The w omen say they had to tie me up. I didn't believe, thal ; hut whose going to shut their moutli when he has a live baby ? Vuu should have heard his lungs. Sir, at the first mouthful of fresh air-such a dust. A little tone to his voice, hut not pain- excess of joy, Sir, from too great sensation. The air bath was I too sudden, you know. Think of all this beau- tiful machinery starting on" at once in full mo- tion ; all bis thousand outside feelers answering to the touch of the cool air ; the Uniter and crash at the ear ; and that curious contrivance (thc eye) looking out wonderfully and bewildered upon the great world, so glorious and sn dazzling to his unworn perceptions ; bis net- work of nerves, his wheels mid pulleys, his air I umps and vnlves, his engine's reseivoires; and within nil that beautiful fountain, with its jets and running streams dashing and coursing through the whole length and breadth, without stint or pause-making altogether. Sir, ex ic tly fourteen pounds. I am this day, Sir, multiplied by two. I am a duplicate. I am number one of an indefinite series, nud there's my continua- tion. And you ibserve it is not a block, nor a blockhead, nor a painting, nor a bust, nor a fragment of anything, however beautiful ; but a combination of all the arts and sciences in one ; painting, scripture, music (hear iii in cry) ; mineralogy, chemistry (are him kick); geogra- phy mid the use of the globes (see him nurse) ; and withal he is ii perpetual motion-a time- piece tlint will never run down ? And who wound it up P But words, Sir, are a mouthing and a mockery." Playing with Candlesticks.-" I didn't mean any harm !" cried Master C. J. London, apply- ing, in his increasrd distress, the kuucklos of Ins right hand, to his right eye,and the knuckles of his left hand to his left eye. " I dare say you didn't !" returned Mrs Bull. " Hadn't you had warning enough about playing with candles and candlesticks P How often had you been told that your poor father's house, long before you was born, was in danger of being reduced to ashes by candles and candlesticks ? And when Young England and his companions began to put their shirts on over their clothes, and to play all sorts uf fantastic tricks in them, why didn't you come and tell your poor father and me like a dutiful C. J. I*ondon P" " Be- cause thc Rubric-" Master C. J. London was beginning, when Mrs Bull tonk him up short. " Don't talk tu me about the Rubric, or you'll make it worse !" said Mrs Bull, shaking her bead at him. " Just rxacll/ what the Rubric meant then it means now ; and just exactly what it didn't mean then il don't mean now. You arc taught to act according to the spirit, not the letter ; and you know what tho spirit must be, or yon wouldn't be,-no G. J. landon !" said Mrs Bull emphatically, if there were any candlesticks in thc spirit of your lesson book. Master Wise- man would have been my boy, and not you !" Here Master C. J. London fell a crying more grievously than before, sobbing, " Oh, Ma ! Master Wiseman, willi his red legs, your boy. Oh, uh, oh !'. " Will you be quiet,'' returned Mrs Bull, "and let your poor faber rest? I am ashamed of you. You to gu anti play with a paicel of sentimental girls and dandy boys .' Is tani your bringing up ?'' " I didn't know tluy were fund of M aster Wiseman,'1 protested Mas- ter C. J. London, still crying. You didn't know, sir !" retorted Mrs Bull. " Dan't tell me ; then you ought to have known. Other people knew. You were tobi often enough, at the time, what it would come to. You didn't want u ghost, I suppose, to warn you that when they got lo candlesticks they'd get lo candles ; and that win n they gut to candles they'd get to lighting 'em ; and that when they besan tn put their shirts on outside, and to play at monks and friars, it was as natural that M ister Wiseman should be encouraged to put un a pair of red stockings and a red hat. and lo commit 1 don't know what other Turn-fooleries, and make a perfect Guy Fawkes of himself in more ways than one. Is it because you aie a Bull that you are nut to be roused till they shake starb t close to your eyes P" sahl Mrs Bull indignantly. Dickens's Household Words. Our Dream. - We seldom dream-men who work hard all day ami sometimes all night, as printers do, arc too weary to dream when they go to bed. But »lien we do get dreaming we go it strong ; the night before last we dreamed tba' the Fair-day had come. We heard s'eamer after steamer come thundering tip our beautiful river, with their decks coveted willi living freight j we saw tho people from the country, young men and old men, ancient and maiden laiiies. beautiful ns the dowers of spring, pass by our office in one continuous stream. At last we saw a great party coming in regular order ¡ they were well dressed and well looking, and they name up our street in magnificent style, and with luoks of men bent on something des- perate. When they got opposite our office, the leading man cried halt-wben he addressed the ciowd In a few words thus ;- «. Fellow-pnti lots ! here- we are, anil now 1 ask, arc you still deter- mined to do that thing P'' A thousand voices replied, " we are ! wo ure ! we are !" " Then go it in the name of Crocket !" ciied the leader, and, before we could say Jack Johnson, they carno rushing into our office like so many Pawnees. We concluded that cur time had rome, when we saw the savages roll their eyes ; wc tried lo remember if we lind ever cheated any one, or did anything meanto repent of, be- fore wo went out of time, .« All ready," cried the leader. " Nothing else !" responded the crowd. " Then draw !" mid each one drew out, not a pistol, but a pocket-book, and in one voice, and in tones that sounded like the music of the better land, they shouted-" We come to pay the printer !" Thc announcement was such a shock to our nerves that we awoke, and fuund, alas ! that like many other things, it wat only a dream I -Niagara Mail. A Nut for Lawyers to Crack.-At the Kid- derminster Petty Sessions last week, a stolid louking lad, about twelve years of agc, with most unprepossessing appearance, named Ed- ward Egan, was brought up ou a charge of laiccny. From the evidence of Edward Motile, of Coley, a butcher, lt sren ed that lie had given half a sovereign, thinking it Was sixpence, to Egan, to fetch him »tin e horso corn. Ecan fetched thc corn, gave Moule 2d., and kept Os. Gd. Mary Teague proved thal she served him with tho corn, nnd gave him Os. 8d. in change. -Mr Tudor, for defendant, said this was not a case of larceny ; it was a rule af law that if a man gave his servant a sovereign to change, and the servant dernniped with it, it would be larceny ; but If hr first K<>t it changed, it could not.-Slr Joseph Best, for prusicutor, said that if a man picked up n cinque in the streets, cashed lt, and kept the proceeds, it was larceny. -Mr Tudor i Yes, but In that case the owner had not given up possession ; in this he has. Mr Best relied upon a case, cited by Russell, wlicro a man changed a guinea for two half guineas, kept them, and was found guilty nf larceny.-The Town Clerk, upon being culled un for lils opinion, thought it was a larceny, as the prosecutor bail not know bigly given up posses- sion of tho half-soveteign. - Mr Tudor In- stanced <i rase that was tried al Worcester, about two years ngo, where Mr Oskes, of Stourbridge, gave a man a sovereign instead of n »billing t the man kept it, and after being indicted In se- veral w ays, was nt lust disclmrgrd hy direcliou of tho Court, upon this very point of law. Young Graceless, who liad listened to the argu- ments willi stoical liidlrTrrenco, was then dis- charged. Tho countenance of Motile, when called on tn pay 7s. Od. costs tn this case, would have been a treasure to a painter wish- ing to pturiruy puzzled astonishment,- Wor- cester Chronicle. ' A good deal of Interest liss been excited by the " escape" nf a nun ¡ a young girl, from a convent at Banbury. Her real name ii not known, bat in the convent she was called sister Antonia : after two abortive attempts, a (hird succeeded, and on thc 17I|I December she left the convent In her nun's attire, and pro- ceeded towards Oxford. At Addrrsbury, only three miles from Banbury, she sniitrbt and ob- tained hospitable welcome at th? house of an Independent ministir, with whom she was re- maining. llecommendinp a Governess.-They tell the following story of .Struvp, in Mannheim : -It is known that the favourite study was phrenology. One day. a professor of the J.oril-kiiows-wtiat science came to Struve, begging he would, in his newspaper, recommend his daughter as a gover- ness "Yes. but I must see her first, ' says Struve; and the young lady calls upon him. Hardly hail he said two words lo ber when he ¡umps up and begins to feel lier head. '* She Is horn for me," he exclaims ; " all her bumps are my humps.'' And instead nf puffing h<"r oir In his columns be marri,s ber. - Germania; itt Courts, damps, ami Pio} t». A Chitd-pie-mnk.tr-A Chinese was usherrd into the presence of the Police magistrate at Launceston, charged as an absconder. He arrived by the coach on the previous night, and from a description hastily drawn np ami for- warded. Mr. Divis suspected him to he a prisoner of the Crown named Ovut, transported for life from the Mauritius for cutting t:p murdered children «nd making them into pies, who absconded from the service of Mr Webb, ennf-ctioner, of Murray street. Hobart Town, on Monday morning. The prisoner had taken his passage by the " Sham- i rock" for Port Phillip, and had obtained a spe- cial clearance under the name of As«a Eugene. He was remanded to give time for further enquiry. With reference to the horrible oflVuce imputed tn the prisoner, the police; magistrate ditl not believe that he was the perpetrator of the revolting and bloody climes mentioned by the chief liistilct constable: that such crimes had been committed at the Mauritius, was, however, a fact ; and it was equally true that the debased and guilty wretch who committed them was In the island. Children in Iiis neigh- bourhood at the Mauritius were missed, and finger hones and other mutilated portions of human beings were found on the premises but no,direct proof of the uffence could be obtained, otherwise a different punishment bad brendin dieted. The perpetiator of these diabolical crimes was con- victed of a minor offence, and,transported for life to this colony. 