MISCELLANEOUS. TnouaiiTs of tiie Moment. — A man would do well to carry a pockct-pencil in his pocket, and writo down tho thoughts of the moment. Those that como unsought for are commonly the most vatuable, aud should bo secured, bccauso they seldom return. Tlftonn Kean and.Gauuick. — Edmund Kcan was a great favourite of Mre. Garrick, tlie widow of tho cele brated actor. Whenever it was desirablc. that a new performer at Drury Lane should mako a hit, tho committee used to bring the vonerable old lady out to her private box to say ho reminded her of David. She said so, and this went tho round of tho papers accordingly. In the case of Kcan sho spoke honestly. He did remind her of her husband, and was nearer to him by many deg-rees than any actor she had ever seen, although both agreed he could not play ' Abel Drugger.' Once in conversation ho complained to her that the papers mado tcrriblo mistakes as to his con ceptions of character, roadings, points, and other peculiarities. " Thcso people," said he, " don't under stand their business: tlicy give me credit whero I make no effort to deserve it, and tboy pass over tho passages on whicli I have bestowed tho utmost care and attention. They think because my 9tylo is now and appears natural, that I don't study, and talk about the sudden impulse of genius. There is no such thing as impulsive acting ; all is studied before hand. A man may act better or worse on a particular night from particular circumstances, hut the concep tion is tho same. I have dono all these things a thousand times in country theatres, and perhaps better, before I was recognised as a great London actor, and have been loudly applauded ; but tlio sound novcr reached as far as London." " You should writo vour own criticisms." renlind tlin nlfl Wlr- " David always did so !" — Dublin University Maga zine. A Law- Court in California. — Judges there sit on the bench, attired liko other men, and taking a leaf out of Chief Baron Nicholson's book, puff their cigars while laying down tho law on the enlightened principles of ex fumo dare lucem ; nor do tlicy haugh tily hesitate to accommodate with tho glowing butt any of tlio learned counsel or audience who may require a light ; in fact, there is a degree of charming republican familiarity existing betwixt the bench, tho « bar, and the public, which makes a man feci as.mnch at caso in a court as in a tavern, and must ho seen to bo properly appreciated. Law arguments under such a system aro no longer dry anil uninteresting, hut ' flow smoothly along, liberally lubricated with tobacco saliva, and garnished with colloquial episodes that como with a delicious freshness upon the car of a person heforo only accustomed to the oppressive pro fundity of Westminster practice. I was being thus edified, sitting in Iho jury box (no jury being cmpan- nclled at the time), when I observed a row of new pine sticks, about tho dimensions of a shillelali, stand ing in exact order in front of tho seats ; and finding their number amounting precisely to twelve, it struck mo tlioy wero part of tlio legal maclrinory of tho place, nor was I astray, for a sort of factotum — crier, usher, tipstaff, &c.;, who woro his hat ex officio , commiserat- ingly informed mo that tlioy wero " desk protectors," which it was part of his duty as court-keeper to pro vide as " whittling stuff for tho gents," who would otherwise cut all sorts of hieroglyphics and incongru ous devices upon tho desk ; an o'pcration I afterwards saw gone through by a witness under tho ordeal of a sharp cross-examination, who -cut with an increasing keenness into the rail as the counsel cut into his cre- dibility.— Kelly 8 California. Popisn Relics. — The following are soraq jelics mentioned in Brady's " Clavis," which cither have received, or are receiving, the wondering adorations of folly : — A finger of St. Andrew. -A finger of St. John tho Baptist. The tliumb of St. Thomas. A tooth of Our Lord. , A. rib of Our Lord, or, as it is-profanoly styled, of tho vorbum caro factum (the Word mado flesh.) The hem of Our Lord's garment which cured the ; diseased woman. \ The seamless coat of Our Lord. A tear which Our Lord Blied over Lazarus. It was <i preserved by an Angel, who gave it in a vial to Mary !J Magdalene. ; ' i Two handkerchiefs, on which aro impressions cf Our | Saviour's faoe ; tho one sent by Our Lord.lrirnsclf as a 1 present to Agharus, Prince of Edessa ; the other given ;j at thetime of His crucifixion to a holy woman named j| Veronica. , _ ;j The rod of Moses, with which lie performed his I miracles.- , j| A lock of hair, of Mary Magdalene's. ij , A hem of Joseph's garment. 1 jl A feather of the Holy Ghost. ll A finger of tho Holy Ghost. I A feathqr of the Angel Gabriel. <J A finger of a cherubim. . The water-pots used at .tlie marriage in Galileo. 1 , The slippers of the antediluvian Enoch. . , I The face of a seraphim, with only part of tlio 1 11080\. ' ' ' ' ' I The snout of a, seraphim thought to have belonged ;| to . the preceding. :l The , coal that broiled St. Lawrence. h ' The square buckler, lined with red volvot, and tlio - Miori) sword of St. Michael. ' A vial of tho sweat of St; Michael, whon'ha con tended with Satan. ' i j Somo of the rays of the star that appeared to the i Magi. | '.Hobarx. Town,: ,-Printcd, and Published by tlio Proprietor, Jambs Burnet, at the Tasmanian Colonist, Office, Coilins- streot; to whom all communicalions are requested to bo ad dressed. : " - 