Slîl/ECr PORT IN'. THE GROUNDS OF WREN'S GHOST. (From Punch.) As the mighty hammer smiling Twelve times on the metal full, Comes a rush of ghosts, alighting In the nave of dim St Paul's. And while through the marble sobbing Circle still those waves of' satin 1, Mingled with them is a throbbing, As of wide wings sweeping round. For to-night the ghosts are gathered Of the great that slumber here, ill-used great-on whom are gathered All the marble monsters near ! Jotixsoti's ghost is there, disgusted At his naked legs of stone ; Logs that, save in silk or worsted, Ne'er were e'en to Boswell shown. Howard, with a simple wonder At his dress of sheet and key, Thinks they must have made a blunder : Never in such attire went he. Chiefs, who wore cocked hats and feathers, On their tombs themselves behold, Stripped e'en to their boots and leathers, In their buff, like knights of old ! While they gaze, and groan, and grumble, O'er the lies Art tells of all With a sudden reverence humble To their ghostly knees they full. For they feel a mighty presence Groaning dimly through the place, Whercunto, in mute obeisance, Bowefh down each heart and face. Looming bigger yet and bigger, Filling up those vasty walls ; Not reduced to form or figure 'Tis his Ghost that built St Paul's ! From the fabric he created. For a trophy and a tomb, With his spirit permeated, Now that spirit fills the gloom. O'er the ghostly circle round him Blackly broods the Shade of Wren, From the ribs of stone that bound him Forced by sins of sordid men. " Brother ghosts !" I heard him mutter, " I am here to speak my mind ; 'Tis no time the Church to butter, Were I ever so inclined. "What is that with thought and toiling, Toiling of the head and brain, Evil times mill tempers feeling, I for worship roared this fund 5 "In my brain the stately vision Shaped itself-bat long I wrought Ere I won on, rare fruition ! Outward shape to inward thought. "And I said, as sped my labor, Green my memory will be, When the poor man by his neighbour Walks St Paul's and thinks of mc "As the worship I have written, in these characters of stone, Sinks within his spirit, smitten with a sense of awe unknown. " ' Poverty will pause from caring. Toil will feel a saintly rest And the weary and wayfaring, Ent'riug in," will straight be blest. '" Hearts, with sin or sorrow laden. At the Porch will leave their weight a sinful man and erring maiden Will pass lighter from the gate.' " Ro I dreamed a weak adapter Of the fancy to the fact - Were there not the Dean and Chapter, And the coppers to be sacked? " With one voice to poor and needy Oiling ' enter we lessees j With another, whispering gi body, For admission twopence each.' " priests and prelates, in your grovelling Heedless how you search your gowns, Into swollen pockets shovelling, Eagerly the wretched browns " Up for shame ! the world is trooping Unto England's Labour-show : Let it not behold you Stooping To such paltry gains and low." So he spoke-the ghosts in chorus Straight took up his dying full - And rung out three groans Bonorous For the Dean and chapter all ! And a general vote was passing (Just as our reporter left) That the ghosts would quit en masse, in Case they still kept up the theft ! 