THE CHABGK. , . . Tfte Primary Charge deliterid by the Right */lev. Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, at the Visitation of the' Clergy \ at Christ Church'. North Adelaide, on Thursday, ; January y, looi. My Reverend Bretbern ;— . , . V It is a season of solemn interest, when the Ministers of the Church are assembled . together, as re are this day, to give an account of our Steward, ihip, and to consult together for our mutual edifica. ion, concerning the things of theKingdom of God. i might address you, indeed; as one having au hority in the Church 'to reprove; ifvneed be, to jxhort and to rebuke ;' for the Providence of God bllows the same course in the Church as in the *orH ; and where' things are Jo/be done decently ind in order,' there must be authority to enforce ;hat order; and however distributed may be that mthority, there .must be some. Head in which, its ul ;iraate force resides ; at once the: Symbol- of its ex-, stence, and the Instrument by which it is idministered. In. claiming then for the office to ivhicb, by Divine permission, I have been called, the irsc place of authority in the [Ministry] (next under he Divine Head of the Church) I must not be mderstood to assert for it either, sole or despotic sower. Neither the language of Scripture, nor the usage of Primitive Church, sanction any such view of the Episcopal Office. The Canons of the Church if England expressly affirm the contrary. In Legis ation, in the enforcement of Discipline, in some of the higher functions of his peculiar Ministry— the examination namely for Holy Orders of Priesthood — the Bishop is instrutedby the Canons of a.d. 1603, lot to act without the assistance of the Presbyters. Reference to the Preface, and to CaHons 31, 34, 35, ihd 122, will at once cnofirm this view; and that in. Legislative matters at least, such was- the ancient principle of our Church, can be shown from the Synod assembled at Hertford, a.d. 673; in which Presbyters were present and assisted. A brief comparison of the xv., xvi.f andUxxi. chap ters of the Acts of the Apostles, will further show how strictly in this respect our Church is in ac cordance with the form and practice of the Apostolic Church as delineated iu the Scriptures. I have dwell more at lenth upon this point, be cause a different impression of the nature and duties of the Episcopal Office often prevails among strangers to our Communion ; and even' among ill instructed members of our Church. It is., assumed, I know not on what grounds (in face of the docu ments to which I haye alluded) that the Bishops of our Church claim to exercise a monarchial power not only over the Clergy but over the Laity ; and not a little jealousy has been evinced on various oc casions, or lather tlie surmises of a wa'chful su3 piciousness hare found utterrance, as if the tempta tion to act as Lords over God's heritage was ex clusively confined to the Episcopal Office, ynd not common to man ; to every individual, whether Priest or Deacon, Minister or Pastor. Superintendent or Moderator ; to Councils or Conclaves ; Synods or Convocations; Assemblies, Conferences, or Con ventions ; orby whatever name Ecclesiastical Le gislative Bodies are distinguished. Viewing the Christian Church as a great Spiritual Common wealth, Comprising in itself a confederacy of inde pendent Churches — one in Doctrine, Discipline, Ministry and Sacraments— there is apparently no reason why its Government should not harmonize and represent the feelings of all orders and degrees of men, even as the Great Head of the Chutch was Himself the Saviour of the Body. lit- contrast with the turbulence of the world, trying in succession every form of' Government betweeen Despotism and Anarchy, the Christian Church under the Apostolic form of a Spiritual 'Oonimbh'wealth, was 'designed perhaps to teach mankind the principles of Consti tutional Government, in which there might be sub ordination without servillity ; and authority regu lated by law. Such at least are ihe prinbiple of' that Church as interpreted by the church of England, and such therefore it is my duty to uphold. If I may presume to adopt the simple but emphatic of the Bishop of New Zealand, when addressing his. Clerical Brelhern as I am, in his Primary Charge-** ' I cannot delegate to any the power of Government and Coercion inherent in the Episcopate; but I cau, and therefore desire* to guard it from .hasty, and ill-considered exercise, by consulting the wishes, and eliciting the opinion of the general Body of : the Church. I will neither act without you, nor can you act wi hout me.' It was indeed in the spirit of these words, that acting on the powers given me by the Letters P*atent, I consti tuted a Dean and Chapter, which representing the general body of the Presbyters, might assist me with their advice ; or if occasion-should unhappily be given, might act as a Court Spiritual for the trial of an accused brother in the ministry. I have now the h»ppineP8 of knowing that the principles thus propounded have found cordial acceptance with, all Bishops of this province. They have recorded their opinion that the combined action of Synods of the clergy and conventions of the laity, is necessary for the development and efficiency of the Church in these colonies. An adaptation of the Ecclesiastical Laws of England suited to the altered circumstances of Colonial Dioceses seems to be absolutely neces sary ; and it is only consistent with the just claims of churchmen who have settled in the Australian province, that in such adaptation , their experience and wishes should be consulted. The Imperial Go vernment has, through its official organ?, expressed its willingle8s to aid in the legislation necessary for such purpose. In the meantime, while legal diffi culties stand in the way of the Synodical action of our Church, in - what I am about to address you, I desire rather to offer my opinions than to speak as it. were ex cathedra ': ^ and I do so the more readily, ait being well aware that neither the leisure, nor liajeans of study i nor opportunity of conference with older and more, approved soldiers of Christ, have been within my reacfr since placed over the affaire of this Diocesan Church. Within the course of three short years, which have elapsed since I arrived in TtBeVcolony, it haR been my lot to voyage to Western Australia' and New South Wales. I have visited King George's Sound and Melbourne, Port Lincoln and Spencers Gulf, the eastern coasts of pur pro vince, as well as ridden over, most of the more settled parts of it. In addition to the ordinary duties of preaching the .Word every Sabbath-day, maintaining correspondence with the societies and friends of the Church in England, the building of churches and school-rooms, the settlement of ministers, and latterly I regret to add legal question's of some importance to the! Church, have made large inroads upon my time. .Amid' such occupations it has been, little possible to. commence or continue that cour-e, of theological. study, which makes men conversant with the wisdom of the great and good of aliases; in whose concurrent interpretation of the Scriptures we may hope, if at all, to find the mind of the Spirit. Debarred then in great measure from this privilege, by the circumstances of the Diocese, I desire rather to propound decisions: to offer suggestions rather hah lay down rules— I trust they will be received n the spirit in which they are offered, of candour, £ood-wUl, and humbleness of mind. -. ., - ..- The late conference at Sydney naturally claims A from mean eaily notice.- . The mere fhet that in the province of Australasia and the metropolitan city of Sydney .fix Bitshi-p- of our Church should have been permitted to meet together, when in some of these. Dioceoes, scarcely four years »go, there were not as many, clergy, is a fact worthy of note ; and if there; . be any, value in this, the aucient, and Apostolic form of Church Government, we may-hope that the. ex- tension, of the Episcopate in these colonies, and the . late approach to Synodicel action, are [proofs that . a measure of Divine favour is still accorded to our branch of the Universal Church. We are permitted .. to see in the province and its several Dioceses her cords lengthened ; and her watchmen standing upon their watch and prepared to answer when they are reproved. *:-. ? ' The subjects which principally engaged the at tention of the Bishops were such aa belong rather to the organization of the colonial Church, than questions of doctrine. Happily one such topic only came under review, in consequence of recent pro ceedings in England, and on this I shall by and by lakeorcasion briefly to speak, Most of us who have been accustomed in England to a course of pro-' ceeding ,in ecclesiastical matters regulated by law and long-established custom, are a little aware of the system of the Church, where, at in this colony, it is unknown, or if known, scarcely recognised by the Civil Courts. -The Church has ceased to be legally established, and territorial. Parishes are merely ecclesiastical districts. The clergy no longer enjoy corporate rights.. They cannot hold property by virtue of their ecclesiastial offices. Hence arises, the necessity for trustees, in whom the legal estate of the' Church and its property become vested. The ancient, customary, and popular office of the Church-. - wardens is partially abrogated, some of its duties devolve upon the trustees : persons who may live at ? a distance, or take little or no interest in the spiritual welfare of the Congregation, or who may be unable to comply with the duties required of Church wardens both by the Rubrics and Canons; incom petent therefore to represent the feelings of the Con gregation who support the Minister ; and maintain Divine Worship in the Church which they have built, as well as provide for its repairs. The ne cessity, then, of a trust-deed, by which the mode of carrying out the trusts generally stated in the con veyance of the site should be fixed is apparent. The election also of Churchwardens should be pro vided for in it, with their power and functions pro perly defined ; and the mode settled in which va- cancies in the ministry should be filled. In this respect, it must be obvious to every one, that the wishes of the Congregation should be consulted. I will not pretend to define the best mode in which this object can be obtained : but I believe, a small Com* mitlee of persons nominated by the Congregation to act in this matter v.Hh the trustees, will be found at once well calculated to ascertain the general opinion, and to remove much of the evil of canvassing for ecclesiastical appointments. Guided by past expe rience of the evils of the want of such a trust-deed j I shall refuse to open or consecrate any church, or licence any minister to it, until such a document shall have been duly signed ; and, I trust, with the suggestions of the clertyy, the aiJ of the Registrar of the Diocese, [and the concurrence of the laity] to have such a model deed as drawn up, asmay.cn application to the Local Legislature, receive tho sanction of its authority. Other points connected w*th the internal discipline of the Church present equal difficulties. The body of ecclesiastical law has not yet been adapted to the wan?sand necessities of thecoloniul churches; There is no settled form Cf process by which an offending minister, whether Bishop, Priest, or Deacon, is to be brought to trial; no regularly constituted Court ; no power of administering an oath, or compelling the attendance of a witness ; no' form of appear 10. the inetrop. litan ; and ' while the [ecclesiastical] law recognizes in the Bishop the right ' to withhold, sus pend, or. revoke the licence of any clergyman' in the Diocese (without which licence he cannot lawfully minister as a clergyman of the Church of England) the sentence of the Ordinary does not carry with it legal force to dispossess the Minister (so punished) of his benefice. ' The subject, however, has at tracted attention in high quarters at home ; and we trust that such a measure will be* framed, which with the cssent of the Local Legislature, may place the status of the Minister and Church Officers of our ^ Church, as well as those of other Communions, on a more satisfactory footing. Another question of great practical importance con nected with the legal position of the Church in this colony (at least) is this : Who has a right to claini her rites and offi es ? In England the Church is territorial, established, and endowed. Every pa rishioner possesses a legal right to the ministra tions of the Church if only baptized and not under sentence of the greater or lesser excommunication. He may claim Christian Baptism, Christian In struction, P astoral Visitation, the Marriage Bene* diction, and Christian Burial at the hands of her Ministers. But in a colony where no such esta blished or territorial Church is recognized by law, the case is totally different. Here no legal obli gation exists compelling you, as Ministers, to cele* hrate the rites of our Church for strangers to her worship and aliens from her fellowship. But while you are thus free from legal compulsion, charity dictates that you should not unreasonably refuse to minister in those cases where the absence of other* ministrations would operate as a hardship or scandal* In so delicate a matter as the Burial of the Dead, in which the conscience of the Officiating Minister', sometimes the. feelings of the relatives, and lastly the spiritual discipline of the Church are involved } in the absence of any rule by law established, it i$ well to bear in mind the principle, that ' mercy re* joiceth against judgment.' Until, however, the Synodical action of the Church , is restpred, and the assent of the whole body of the body of the Church, both clergy and laity can be obtained, much md«t be left to the judgment and discretion of the individual Minister* Even thelcru perial Parliament I apprehend U not now competent to deal' with these questions; nor can the Supremacy of the Queen justly be invoked to such ad extent —f — without the assent of the clergy arid laity' [of th& province.] The claim indeed of Legislative tiower by the State, in mixed ecclesiastical and spirits! matter?, easily be pushed beyond Us due limit*, aud though the Civil Magistrates ever have exercised since the revelation of the Mosaic Lawgiver, supreme au thority 'ia all causes add over all per*on»f* Com- ' prising the body politic, yet spiritual things — the Ministry of'the Word and 'Sacraments— -Whether ia the Jewish or Christian Churches, hate efeff neen reserved to an appointed Prienthood J Whil? then «e ought to be ever ready, accordiug to the principle of oiir Church* to Uphold the combined though independent action of the Fevers tliat b-v. Ecclesiastical and Civil, it must he. with ;a reserva tion of that spiritual authority winch belong- to the Ministers of the Word} and Inalienable right of Congregations to ptft stray from among tnemselr£» ? a wicked person I \ ' ' . ? . The union of Churchy and Stale tfnd'e.r the ^Ave limitation follows as a neccessa-y consequence,, if the powerH /that b'a,'M are ordained ol God*,' not merely to secure the being, but to promote the well-beings xjf society:' Their office is not solely to render life and property secure,' but to cultivate the highest and best' state' of all' who 'compose the Body Politic.' And if the Society consists of Christians. there surely can be no question among them, that the doctrine and the law of Christ is the salt which is to preserve the State from corruption and decay. There is a power which the Gospel posesses' inde pendent of the Church; as an Ordinance of God ' I for my part believe that there is one Catholic and Apostolic Church, one Apostolically commissioned Ministry in it ; but amid conflicting opinions on: this subject, the question for the State' to consider' is — whether, when all Christians agree in the great doctrines and morals of the Gospel, it shall not best secure the well-being of society, by en- couraging and aiding the teaching of Christianity, without confining that teaching to the agency of one: body of Christian Teachers, however venerable may he the claims of the Church to which they belong; 'Even 'if the office of the State he limited solely to the preservation of ' life and property ;' and for those, ends alone 'the powers that be armed with the civil sword,' then it would appear not only by the argument a fortiori, but by the whole tenor and spirit of the Gospel; that a Christian Government must have a right (and, lie under the obligation) to teach the moral law of God; for the violation of which it exercises the 'nigh perogative of inflicting death. If love be a more pow erful motive than fear, if even public executions are fonnd to harden rather than terrify, surely it is the wisdom and duty of a Christian Government to educate the young and instruct, the old, rather than leave men to the wild passions of their corrupt nature, and the unrestrained habits of colonial life. Police and jails, and Criminal Sessions, are at best but miserable sub stitutes for the moral and spiritual teaching of Christi anvy. But while invoking the aid of the Slate for the pro motion of Christian education and the supply of Christian Ordinances, it may be risked on the other hand--are there no dangers to be apprehended, no evils to be guarded against in such a union of Church and State? Undoubtedly there are! and it is but 'too plain that the Church of England has suffered in time past fram the trammels of State establishment. I would willingly, if I dared, draw a veil over the spots and blemishes of our beloved Mother; not indeed what she is in herself, but what worldly power has made her. Many indeed of those blemishes are in course of re moval : let us thank God for it, and in patience possess our souls. Let. us pray that our rnlers may never desire to use her rather as an engine of State than as the teacher of fbe oracles of God. And here T cannot but touch upon a subject which has agitated the bosom of our Church during tb? past twelvemonth, the consequences of which it is impossible to foresee. I allnde to the lato judgment of the Privy Council. I should indeed have preferred to be silent altogether on the suliject, as removed to a distance irom the scene of agitation ; but the connection of this judgment with doctrine — with the union of Church And State— with the principle oT interpretation, appli cable to our Liturgy and Articles-and the noticef which has been taken of it; in this diocese, requires from me a distinct handling of the subject to the best of my judg ment and ability. I would simply give my own opinion as one who I hope, has roccirp'd mercy to be faithful. The subject is one on every ground to be approacbed with reverence and godly fear; not to be discussed yith anger, wrath, clamour, or evil speaking The constitution of the Court of Appeal, thn legal interpretation ^ of the language of the Church, the doctrine involved in the decision, are all points -Jn which opinions must be formed, and probably with Shades of difference I will simply venture to state my own. With reg ird to the first point— the Constitution of the Conrfc, I hardly suppose that any one would so wish to extend ' the Queen's supremacy in all causes and over all persons ' as to think the Crown enjoyed by Divine right, the authority to define the doctrine of the Church in the last resort. 'What our Reformers denied to the Bishop of Rome, I can hardly suppose they in tended to yield to the Sovereign ! It is an anomaly, ?urely, in any church tliat the'eivil power should thns exercise final authority in controversies of tho faith (See Art. XXI.) In conjunction, therefore, with the prelates of England, who proposed & modification in the constitution of that Court. I confess that I think it might be improved and ought to be altered. ._ With regar.l to the ju-.lgtncnt itself, we are informed, extra judicially, by one of tho members of that august Court — august for the learning, aje, and experience of the great lawyers of whom it was composed, that it neither decided, nor preiended to decide any question of doctrne. What they determined was, the legal force of the language of tli9 Church formularies, and that such language did not exclude the holder of certain opinions from institution to a benefice. In so d.iing it is to be remembered that no definite issue, no specific propositions, were placed before it as erroneous. It was left to draw out of a long series of questions and an swers what was supposed to be, not the particular error, but the general teaching of the defendant. To this the decision was applied; and so far as regrds the legal force of the language of the Church, so far it must bo acquiesced in, if not set aside by comcetent authority.. The important question, however, still remains— how far the legal force and real intention of the Church agree. They are not always identical. Inasmuch as the judgment admits spiritual grace to be impnrted in tho Sacrament of Baptism (hough not confining the gift to the moment of administering that Ordinance) so far, at least, it does not contradict the plain language of tlie Baptismal Service, nor reitrict the teaching of those who bolieve in the Article, that Sacraments are rea}!y ' effectual signs of grace.' The tolerant spirit of the decision is its be3t feature ; the uncertainty «-f teaching which it appears to sanction its worst. It is true that no exact definition of regeneration is to be fonnd in the form'ulariea themselves, and therefore before I proceed in tfiis di-cn«sion, I beg to state, in 'what sense I use the word, since much of misunder standing arises from two different meanings being at tached to the same term. I do not mean then that Secret inward operation, by which at some definite^ period or other of life, Calvin taught, the specially elect. were instantaneously regenerated by the power of the 3p?rit coming on them irresistibly and iudefectively; Dot 1 understand, in accordance as I believe with the teacniiig of our Church, thst^gift of God, whereby a 'ChMd of wrath is capacitated through the remission of siris, and enabled spiritually to enter upon newness of life. And iu this sense I agree with the statement of one, at whose., feet I was brought up (an } thank God for it), miy relative the.Uord Bishop of St Asaph, who gays in his recsnt charge, ' I do riot myself understand jfrofr jany one who has studied the services of bur Church, or tho Thirty-nine Articles' (for I conceive that -tti«y Bpe'ftk exactly the same language) can have a doubt that Baptismal Regeneration is the doctrine of pur Church.' Wo are not indeed required to affirm a ?particular inward change of nature wrought mechani cally, upr the implanting of a seed of grace. These are -human explanations or theories. But if the Sacrament moans anything, it is a seal and instrument — tlie pledge 'tfnd means of God's favour, ' wh'ereby we areaJsared $i&% thrBlijjh Hi* help, a being, which before could do 'ffo gbod' thing, 'is henceforth enabled to bring forth 'fruit onto holiness, and the end everlasting life.' Of bo much, at lenst, charily, faith, and hope combine to give the ministering priest trustful a: -.urance when he pro nounces the child regenerate; and when addressing himself to the. sponsors of each and every child brought .'to be bautued, he empbatieHlIy bids them ?*. doubt ye not '.therefore, but eWnestiy believe' that God wi ;1 like wise' 'faVbu'ra'b.y' receive* this 'present infant, 'that 'He wilt eirtbrace him vith the tfrras of His mercy, that He ? wll-'girb unto him the blessing of eternal life, and make himptfrtaker of His everlasting kingdom.' For myself, ?at least.. I cannot 'see the simplicity or godly sincerity of ebcretly indulging mental reserve while using such .positive language. More especially as belief of some spiritual grace given is^nde't&fi;'gTOuridwotlr of further] ;t»ray«5 viz, that tho child soreaenerated 'maylivei th&r; remainder ijf* its ~l»fe-;a?cnrdinVto\that:heSnnlng ; |anaV that' itf\miy ' ntSerly abolish .tjje whole bodv of .sin, and .as. he h made Rarta^jpr . of. the death ;of the Snv, fie may- also be of His resurrection.'' ?In' this view of the efficacy - of Vap.fism', I am jhappy to cite the authority of his Grace' the Arch jbishop of Canterbury. whoTwiih the bite1 Bishop Ryder iamf an'^unmen'so body or1 theologians' frofn .the SRco'nd :ceflrnry't«'thepre's^tday.Tmaintaih the'Safcrameht '-of- ' Baptism to be' ati eflfecttfal sign of cface If, indeed. a- Primate,' he' declines to resist tKo decision of the highflsr Conrt of tHe law ; if he hesitates' to declare a pious, if mistaken, brother in tlie ministry a heretic, ^ still there U no reason' to think that ho him«elf has sttfwiantiajfy aUeredthe sound tfl'achln-r'of his book on' ' A,nostolJcal.Preachin£r^' Wp still read in the latest odt/ionqftbai work ^th'e folWing passasres'; ' p. l60, l»5^ arin' T8'p6 : — 'On'ihe^anthority'of this example' (t\i-& of'P.-ini. Rom' vi', $'; *iii.', IS ;* and Oal. iii.. '2F.\ arid of th'o' undenia1)l6 piracMce'of thV first ages' of Cliristianity, bur church considers baptism as conveying r-ie«nf-r:at.inn, instructing us to pray befo're baptism, that . the infant1 may bo born again, and made an heir of everlasting Salvation ; and to return thanks aftor bantism. t.bat.it bath phased God to roavnerate the infant with. His Holy Spirit, atid r^ciro .^itn f«V I-Tit outi child bv adoption.' Again, p 1G7- 1,312 arid l«5i|); — ' Happr for our Church 'the framers of ib rituals1 took' their doctrine from thd crerieraT tenor and1 promises' of SrripfnVe, and bv a prbvidehtial cam extending nver a church so franiftd, the succeeding believers W Calvin wer« nA'fir allowel to introduce their subtleties into her intelligible and rational formularies. Therefore we are instructed to declare, that th°se who are devoted to Cbri«t as infanM by baptism are regenerate ; aocopt'd of God in .thf belovpd ; and dying withoiit. actual sin, are 'undoubtedly saved.'* 'A gain. p. 176. 1832 and '1R50 — ' If baptism ia'riot accompanied with sucli an effusi'nn of the Holy spirit toward tho inward ronewiricr of the hoarfc that the person baptized, who of himself, and of his own nature, could do no good thing, by this amend ment or regeneration of bis nature is enabled to bring forth thirty, or sixty, or a hundred fold, giving all di'.i C^nce to ' malcp his calling and electionsure ;' if the effect, I say. of baptism is less than this, what becomes of the declaration made by John, 'I indeed baptize with water, but He who comes after me shall bnptfze with the Holy CJhost? ''— and before—' ft is indeed a ftuffinient confutation of the doctrine of ' special grace* that it reduces baptism tor an «mpty rite, an external mark of admission into the visible Church, ntt.ended with no real grnce, and therefore conveying no real benefit ; nor advancing a person ono step towards salvation ' In reference to the Archbishop's statement respecting the followers of Calvin, it lias been satisfactorily shown (Laurence's Bampron Lectures, Serm. vii.. Note 14; viii.. Notefl, 11 ; iii . Note 16, 17) ; that Melaricthmi, whoco sentiments and spirit wore most inflnen'ial with the' Reformers of our church, held verv different senti ments' on the subject of ' special praco' from tbnsfi of the great Genevan Reformer. While Zwingle boldly affirmed all infants, whether baptized or not. to be within the covenant of redemption, scaled in the blood of tho Lamb ; and Calvin taught particular Election and Reprobation : Mplancthon and Luther chose a middle path. They did not presume to oxtond tho blessings of the Christian dispensation bcvon-1 those who were called and dedicated tn God, through tha Ordinances of tho Christian Clmfch. As by tlie instrumentality of Circumcision the Jnw had been nationally elected to certain privilfisres. So in baDtism, they considered that an elect people of God had boen ohosen out of mankind to Ite the inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven. The close of the 1 7th Article. which states that the promises of frod are to br» received as they are generally (not specially) sot f -rth in Scrip ture, intimates this view. Prodest piia tfinero qnod promissio sit nuivorsalfr, nor. debemus de voluntate Dpi aliter judica-e quam juxta Verhtm llevehtum. Lau rence, page 415 : Melancthon, bpp vol iv., 499. It has been also shown that our Lit-.irgy has been framed in accordance with that general tenor of God's promises. Thus in the prayer of Confession the penitent ploads the promises - f God in Christ ' declared to mankind,' not to the elect. The Absolution opens with affirming that God ' desireth not tho death of a sinner :' there fore has reprobated none from everlasting. In the suffrages after tho Collects, wn pray that God may not ' take away His Holy Spiuf from us :'' wherefore grace is not indefectible ; in the Burial of the Dead, ' that we may not in our last hours, for any pains of death fall from God ' And in tho General Thanksgiving, we b'ess God for Hi« ' inest'inable love in the redemption of the world' through the death of His Son. The promises of God, then, as senerally set forth in the Scripture, are also generally set forth in the Liturgy ; and relying on thnso general promises (shell for example as that Christ ' tasted death for every man,' our Church brings infants to Holy Bap tism, not doubting that God thns assures them of His favour, and puts them in a state of salva tion. Conformably to tins sy5tom, our church has a'so manifested anxious care in the choice of sponsors, who and what they should be ; and has pointed out their duties both in her Canons and at the close of the Bap tismal service. She lias taken heed to procure fit nnd proper persons for that office ; and again she requires befofo confirmation, careful catechizing and exami nation by ench Parochial Mini-ter. of the candidates they may present for that solemn rite. As far as her directions then are concerned, there is no want of atten tion, that the baptized child may be ' Christianly and virtuously brought up.' She does not then rest in the ordinance as saving in it self, but simply as the first step, so far as tho ministry of man is concerned, in the regenerate life. The lato Dr Arnold, in his xxvi « Sermon on the Christian Life.' preaching on Acts xix.. 2, ' Have ye received the Holy Ghost since yo believed,' write3 as follows :— 'I think it is true of all Christians that in a certain measure they have received the Holy Ghost. Not only does the doctrine of our own, and I believo every other church concerning baptism show this, but it seems alao necessarily to follow from those wqr-}s of St'Paul, ' Ko man can say th'aVJesns is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost.'' And again. 'It seems then that the great question which we s Jsh'ould be anxious to answer in the Affirmative is this : Are we receiving the Holy (5ho;t 'sincb we believed'?' Whether we choose to carry back the date of our first belief to the very time of our baptism, -when Grace was given to us— we know not to what deg.ee nor how— ye,t 'given to ns as being then received into. Chrises flock.' In reference to ftis snbjecjt, the Rev.-.C.-Simeon has the foljowing statement. (Life by Rev. W. Cams, pp. 361— 30i,fi44-5'46):--» 'Ho does riot mean to say that the Apostles ascribed salvation to the onus pperatktm, the outward act'of bap tism ; or, that they intended to assert distinctly the salvation of every individual who had been baptized ; but only that, in reference -to those subjects, they did use a language very similar to that in our Liturgy, and that therefore our Reformers wore justified, as we also are, in using the same. 'tn the baptismal ^service, we thank God for having regenerated the bap'tized^nferit by' His Holy Spirit Now from hence it appears that, in the opinion nf our Reformers, regeneration and 'remission of sins did ac cdiripany baptism. But in what s'onsa did they -hold this sentiment ? Did they maintain that there was Tio need for the seed, then sown in fhe heart of the baptized person, to grow up, and to bring forth fruit ; or that he could be saved in any other way tb=in by a progressive renovation of his soul after the Divine image? ? ? So far from harbouring such a thought, they have, and tliat to in that very prayer, taugbt us tolrfok nrito God for that total chance both of 'h'tfart and life, which long since their days, has began to be expressed by the term, Regeneration. A ftar thanking God for regenerating the infant by his Holy Spirit, we are tangfci -o pray. ' that he being dead unto sio, and living unt» righteousness, may crucify the old man, and utterly abolish the whole body of sin :' and then declaring that total change to be the necessarv mean of hi*' obtaining salvation, wo add, 'So that rfinaiiy, with !(he residue of thy holy Church, h*' m*v be an inheritor of Thjne everlasting kingdom.' '? -?? -? „ * ^te™ kre two thinsss' to -be noticed in reference to this sub ject ; the term occurs but twice in the Scriptures ; in one place it refers to baptism, and is distinguished from the renewing of the Holy Ghost ; which, however, is rat- resented-as attendant on it ; and iu the other place, itrhara feJtallv distinct meaning unconnected with- the subject ????. The0'1* question is. not whether a baptized person- can be saved bv that ordinance without nanctification ; but, whether God does always accompany the ai^n with the thing mffrrinftj! ? Here is cetainly room f«-r difference Of opini-m: but. it cannot be positively decided in the ne gative : because we cannot know, or even judge respec t;ne it. in any instance whatever, except by the fruits that follow: and, therefore, in all fairness, it maybe considered only as a doubtful point ; and, if we appeal, aswevni«htto do. to the Holy Scriptures, they cer tainlv do, in a very remarkable way, accord wuh the exp-es^ions in our Liturgy. St Pa-il savs « By one Spirit are we :.ll baptized into one body, whether we bo Jews or Gcmiles, wliother we be bond or free ; and have bren'al.r made to drink into onb Spirit:' and this he savs of all the visible members of Christ s body. (I Cor. xH 13—27) A«ain. speaking of tho whoe nation of Israel infants as^woll a? adults, he says, ♦They were all baptised unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea and did all eat the. same spiritual meat ; and Au\ all drink the came spiritual drink : for they drank of that spi rifcnal rock that followed them ; and that rock was Christ.' (I Cor. x. 1-4) Yet behold, in the very next verse he telU us, that ? with manv of tnem.bod was displeased, and overthrew them in the. wilderness. In another place he speaks more strongly still: As many- of yon.' says he. ? as a--e baptized into Christ, have put on Christ.' (Gal. iii. 27-) Here we see what is meant by the expression, as that boforemontioned, of the Israelites being 'baptized unto Moses ;' (the prepo sition els is used in both places) it includes all that had been initiated into his religion by the rite of baptism ; and of them universally does the ^.postle^fiay, lney have put on Christ.' * * . ' Again : St Peter says, ' Repent, and be baptized, every 'one of yon, for the remission of sins; (Acts u., 3%. 3D) : and in another place, ' B.iplism doih now save us' (1 Pet. iii., 21 '. And, speaking elsewhere of bap tized persons who were unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ, he savs, « He hath forgotten that he was pniged from his old sins' (2 Pet i., 9). Dops nor this very strongly countenance the l le;i which our Reformers entertained, that the remission of our sins, as well as the regeneration of souls, is an attendant on the baptismal rite? Perhaps it will be said that the inspired writers spake of persons who had been baptized at' an adult age. But if they did so in some places, they certainly did not in others; and where they did not, they must be understood ris compre hending all, whether infants or adults; and therefore the language of our Liturgv, which is not a whit stronger than theirs, may b« both subscribed and used without any ju-t occasion of offence, 'Let me then speak the truth before God: though I am no Arminian, I do think the refinements of Calvin have done great harm in the Church; they have driven multitudes from th* plain and popular way of speaking nse'd by the inspired writers, and have made them un reasonably and nnscripturally squeamish in their modes of expression. * * * * '?If they meant that infants dedicated to God in baptism may and sometimes di- (though in a way not discoverable to us, except by the fruits) receive a new nature by the Spirit of God of in, and triih, and by that ordinance, we could cordially join with them. ? ' 'We are no more disposed to detract from the honour of that sacred ordinance than our adversaries them selve.s : we admit, and beg you to bear in mind our atd mission. that great, exceeding great benefit, accrues to the soul from baptism. Tn mnny instances, where the ordinance is really attended upon in faith, and praver is offered up to God in faith, we do believe that God bestows a peculiar blessing on the child. ? ? ? But even from the ordinance itself we may consider great good as arising to the soul; since, as in the case of circumcision, the person is thereby brought into covenant with God. The Israelites, as a nation in Covenant with God, were highly privileged; for 'To them.' as the Apostle savs, ? belonged the adoption and glory, and the covenants, nnd the giving of the law, and the service of God, and the promises.' (Rom. ix., 4) The same, I doubt not, may be justly said of all that are baptized ; indeed, we doubt not but that our Reformers had the very passage of Scripture in their eye, when in our Baptismal Service they instructed us tojhank God for having regenerated the baptized person by his Holy Spirit; and in our catechism, to sppak of children as by the ordinance of baptism ' Made members of Christ, children of God, ?.nd in heritors of the kingdom of Heaven.' The-ie expres sions are doubtle-s strong; an.l so are St Paul's ex pressions respecting the benefits of circumcision; and every blessing which he asserts to have been conveyed by circumcision, we may safely and truly apply to baptism. By the very admission of persons into co venant with God, they are brought inta a new state, have a right and title to all these privileges, and by the exerci.«e of fr«ith in the Lord Jesus Christ they come to the actual possession of them. ? ? ? ' Baptism is, as we have just shown, a change of state; for by it we become entitled to all the blessings of the new covenant : but it is not a change of nature. A. change of nature may be communicated at the time that the ordinance ;s administered ; but the ordinance itself does not communicate it now, any more than in the Apostolic age.' I shall close :hcse remarks by citing the follow'ng striking pss?ges, from si writer certainly under no bias in favour of the views I have expressed : — ' Ail Christian parents feel that in bringing their children to the font, they are obeying the natural instincts of a Christian heart, bv dedicating their neft-born offspring to the service of God, in the hope and prayer that the rest of their life may be led according to this be ginning. And .whatever may be the response which particular portions of the service of the Church of England 'may awaken in their minds, yet with its main spirit, with its fundamental idea, they recognize in, theriiselves the most entire sympathy. 'They can all alike enter into the solemn words in which the Church recalls their thoughts to the touching scene in the Gospel narrative, on which, and on which alone, the Liturgy rests the practice of infant baptism, when they are reminded of the words of our Saviour Christ: how He commanded the children to be brought unto Him; how He blamed those who would have kept them from Him; how he exhorted all men to follow their innocency. This is the true basis of infant baptism as it appears in the New Testament. This is the doctrine of the Church of England as it exists on the face of the Liturgy. This is the blessing which Christian infants Seek and find in that sacred ordinance. On this immovable basis they may rest without fear of disturb ance from any modern speculation. In the wise and wholesome and holy doctrine, and in its application to Christian education they may find enough to occupy their' thoughts and their energies without craving for an authoritative statement on points which can be apprehended by the wisest and best of men only in faint and partial glimpses, and which for the most part lie altogether beyond the ordinary limits of reli gious edification. Tn the favour off Him who embraced ' little children in His arms, and laid 'His hands upon 'them and blessed them,' there is enough to satisfy the longings of every truly Christian heart, without In sisting on 'prevenient grace' on the bne hand, or on the unconditional change of nature' on the 'other.' — Practical View of Infant Baptism. — Edinburgh 'Jttkieto, No. 185, July. 1850. I pas3 to the subject of education, which is inti ma'ely connected with the moral theory of 'the'State and with the efficacy of Christian bajJtisih. With' re- gard to the latter, I would ve*h£nre 'to 'ask with 'ivhift hope can the Christian Eet'aboiit the work of bririgirie up children in tho nurture 'and Hflmonition of tfifb fiord, unless he believe that .those children are accepted In the Beloved, have received remission of birth«siri, hnd grace sufficient to work righteousness? And with res1 pect to the riature of education, if itbethe doty of 'a Christian Government to prbvide for the moral well being of the 'people, then it must be a dereliction' df fldfiyndt :to'fi*e care tlfat 'cluTdren 'be « ChrfBtianlv J ?' ??? ?'?' '. '? ' r '-'? - ' ?? ? '. ?' ''?': *\\\' t ' and virtu&wly.-; brought- nfJ' Secular- instruction yb»s no title tolbe^calied education; and here, again,! will quote; as!fromr an unbiassed : source,, a passage from th^ sante' -number oVther.Bdinbur$k RbbieiOy p. 1-25, on Church* arid State: Education :— ''-Let us here1 state, once for all, our conviction that religion ought to lie at the foundation of the whole life of the school ; that the teacher should' be in the' highest sense of the word a religious man, pos'tive and' sincere in his belief, arid firm in his principles ; and that in regard' to 'the pupil toachers, whp, as their apprenticeships expire, will be; entrusted by the State t» the Church to bo educated, there rests upon -her, in this matter, a heavy responsi bility. The religious character of the teacher and his ?earnestness in his work being supposed, the religious education of trb children, so far as that may by human means' be provided for, follows as a necessity.'- In melancholy contrast, however, wi;h these- spun^d^ and Christian views are the sentiments put forth -ina report lately presented to the Legislative Council of this colony, in which some pains seem to be taken t6! prove that the duty of the State in aiding to educate' the people should be solely confined to secular learning. That this is' tho tendency of the ago is evi 'ent from the collcgej lately .established on this principle in Ireland, as well as the University of Sydney, which, following the model: o,f that.of London, leaves out the Christian religion as an essential part of education. That Civil;; Governments ah«'uH thus, as it were, ignore- tlie Kingdom of the; Redeemer is the proper chastisement ; of the Church for its divisions. As our blessed Lord prayed for the union of His disciples. ' that the world ! might know that God had sent Him' wo need not! maryol that disunion among them should lead to the i denial by the world of His truth, and majesty, and ^ authority. Perhaps the great apostaoy may be, marked by this very sign— that the powers which bo in each earthly state shall carry on government without the ] acknowledgment of God or Christ in this world ! Let His Church, then, look to its own Divide commission and its own appointed work. ; and let us feed the larabs: of Christ, not merely with the beggarly elements of' worldly knowledge. Let us, indeed, impart that know ledge, but in subordination to tho higher claims of reli gious teaching. 1 would earnestly entreat the clergy to use their be'Rt endeavours' to establish schools within their several districts ; which, while based on the definite Christian principles of our Church, shall yet respect tho religious scruples of tho parents, who, not being members of our Church, cannot accept* her whole reli gious teaching as unreservedly as those who are its avowed members. If we cannot make all members of the Church, let us at least teach them the principles of Christianity. My effort? shall not be wanting to give efficiency to such schools by a diocesan system of in spection, in which I hope to take a personal share. And here I cannot but advert to the sunday-schooj, not as a substitute for, or as supplemental to, but as the crowning work of parochial education. It was gra tifying to known, on a late occasion, that nearly 1000 children were assembled belonging to our sunday schools in the neighbourhood of the city of Adelaide. Looking to the future progress of the colony, in these schools may be implanted principles which shall prove the stability of the colony and blessing of our children's children. And from them also, perhaps, may be culled at successive stages, and by careful wa'clifu'uess, the Sunday-school teacher, the parocjii'HJ visitor, the schoolmaster, catechist, or even candidate for Holy Order=. In our own diocesan church we ought to be able to supply the means of edttcajion, whereby young persons^ whose hearts the Lord opens to the holy and self-denying duties of the ministry, may be prepared, with all the appl ances of biblical and theological learning, to undertake their arduous task. In the. exigencies of a newly-formed colony, if seemed necessary to use more largely than on the whole is desirable, lay agency in the reading of p/ajer, and exhorting the people to holiness. But. expeVfenci* has shewn the inexpediency of delegating the duties pf Deacons to catechists. The qualifications fo* the j?r$- Orders may, perhaps* without eventual detriment to, the Chu-ch, be somewhat lowered in a colonial diocese, but I am disposed to require for the Priesthood the like amount of religious attainment as is demanded of can didates in England With a view of ehoburagirtg fiifoh studies as may be subsidiury to the ministry, Wo scholarships have been founded in connexion with'jihe Collciiiate School ; and in furthering the selection of colonial youth for the ministry, the institution' of ^ class for confirmation in each Svinday -school— to be chatechized especially bv the minister of the churchy would be found available means of fprnjiii^ a sound judgment, as well as imparting something more than a general knowledge of Christian privileges and respon sibilities. The principles fo our Church can nowhere be so well instilled as in the upper classes of the Sunday school ; and until this is systematically done, it will, 'I think, be in vain to expect an intelligent and reasonable preference of the Church over the various sects which will tempt them away from her apostolic ministry and venerable Liturgy, hs they advance in years. Thus, also, will the injunction of our Church to catechize the young on each Lord's day be cam plied With in ftiib str.nee and spirit. To one thing, at least, let us pledge ourselves with heart and soul ; never to countenance as education any system of .instruction which casts G6& and Christ out of His oton creation and redeemed world. ' If we deny Him, He will also deny us.' ' I f we suffer with Him we shall also reign with Him.' The time i- perhaps coming when we of the Church of England shall have to ' endure hardship, as good sold iers of Jesus Christ.' The time is come when men trill not endure sound doctrine. It behoves us, therefore, to be ?'wise as serpents, and hnrmless as doves.' ' Thfe wisdom which is from above is first pure and then peaceable,' and the apostle enjoins ns as far as possible to ' live peaceably with all men.' ?? It must rieetU be that offences come ;' but it is my conviction thai for bearance on the part of the clergy will eventually over come all such ofieuces, and win even from, their qppp- ! ncnts respect, if not adhesion to all their plans and views. I believe a quiet, conscientious, painstaklpg clergyman will disarm opposition, and gather round him the affections of the people. The language ad dressed by the Son of God to the' Prophet Daniel m*y well encourage you as ministers of Christ in ', patience to possess ynur souls.' ',€ro thou thy. way until the i end be : for thou shalt rest an^ s'tandin thy lot at thfei end of the days.*' IF by GoiPs mercy and blessinjj this ; diocese should continue ^ to b£ favoured by the raising up in it a pibns, well-instructed', discreet, and zeajojis clergy, then, indeed.it will be matter of thankfulness that God has pur: it into the' hearts of ttif fpe'ople \o build churches for His worship, and to the 'glory of His name. For the. general guidance of the cle-gy on matters of : detail, in which as far as pay be it is defshable tb observe uniformity,' 'the Bishops in the Copffeyertife Jit Sydney drew up certain general directions . aS to thfc; mode of carrying out the Services of the .ChureW.; Convinced pf .your willingness to conform to' the Tules; given us in the Boole of Common Prayeri I ftitili it unnecessary fo do more than .generally call roar ,atten-J tion to the 'opinions there expressed. On onfe subject alone, I would observe, namely, the great ijfp'por^tUSe of makingt'eturnsbT marriages solemnized by you to the proper quarter,.. either the Registrar of the diocese or the Registrar-General ; and in connexion with this topic I may remark, that there is no pdwer jn the colony or diocese to ferant divorce. A Canon of our Church' also Torbids the remarriage Of patties who have even been separated a 'iAensa it 'toro. If, from this sWctrCess, in tfome cases hardship may arrse, the very! clintculty of sepnratibn may, on the other hand, -act tn a Warning not to undertake this impoTfSttt ptep yt life ' uriadvised'jy, but discreetly, arfd ih'thfe fewof'Goid.** At'afl eveifts, neither I nor yon 'have po'wer' to Solem nize intermarriage with other parties 'in the cSse. 'of those whoaVe separated frorn each oihvr-a'rriMUa'&'torq, Diyorce a vinculo rnatrbnoiiii is 'beyond btir 'anthoTlty, and contraiy to the derision 'ot *bUr 1?h«fch fb 'Ire Canon above alluded to. * * flithefto the progress of 'this 'aiffctfte in its eccle-l siasticai organization has been ?atistactory ; *but no amount of church or school building can b? ~K substitute for personal holiness in the ministry, or ' ?' the ' spirit of love arid power, and of a sound yriind.1' : Without £hesie, 'the outward fabric of 'the ^hurcb, hoWever adorned with goodly stones, w$ .perish and cprae to an end ; or it may be fif led, as a itlHM'rtuiJe, -op, ytho&r; A.wri the, yen. of ? unlmief. ju|^- reitK In either -ja«e. the great object for.whioh th* Church of/Chrisi was ordaiaed remains unfulfilled. Wq have been privileged- to lay* the foundations of: anew T Diocesan Church. -\V« havp not entered into other labours! one' soveth anrt another reapeth ; f 'but both'- he that soweth. and fie thut reapeth shall rejoice togei' th'er,'' if'tho. one have sown iinib the Spirit, and tKIr other .' gathereth fruit up to,0.ern^l Hfo.' This .is .ih'^ true- work-to which we are 'sent, and in doing whiqh wau ' shall save. our own souls and thorn that hear us.' To. give ourselves ;unreseriyedly- to this. work, may the Lord- give ns all boih the will and the purpose, as! well at strength- and: wisdom to carry it out. So shall tho? Chufoh of pur fathers, tlie Church of many ProviV; dprices, and Ipriff cheris.hcd affoction;,, and venerable'1 claims and' apbstolib discipline;' bo as we wbuld'falii^ hayaiier— aprauseitijlie earth, and an eftlcfent iris^rii-- nient of csdrrying: the neieejnpVTs.trnth among tfijji .GoQtileft,. '.'rt liai^ii|^',luict]ii % TTord of Life0 tS 'aj benighted world. In 'ono rospect; we' ^,may considering hand of ProTidenoe espoci*iiy..manifoisrtin our work,,!', mean, in the Mission to Ihe Natives, now in course^ .of. establishment at Port Lincoln.; To ibis diocese and -'.tot tliis ohuroh belongs the honounable nftioe of offoring' the- Gospel to the aborigines. A missionary spirit is' a fkir' test of the liyelinew of zeal, which! exists in any Ubrfy 'of Christians.; and if'onVraine'wM''ni6re:|(raury.in^^ the Cliriat'an heart tlian.anotber.in the late ennfjajrerieer a,t SydnQy! it was wlien surrojindeil by liis Brethreiu. and encourased by his Metropolitan, the Bishop of Xev^' Zealand propounded to a crowded and deeply intereitecl audience tbo scheme of establishing a Board of Mis-. sibns, looking on the one hand to the Australian native, and;' on the other to ihe numerous tribei which inhabit: the T^ew Hebrides and o'hor islands of the WestprA' PacWci Many a prayer was then lifted up for 'tb.ji rejnnant that isloft,'* and many a vow made to dedicate some portion of xoridfy substance to'the ItSvangelfzatinji' »f the heatlien races' of this our adop.ted country, j^or ^* myself; I entertain no dcubt tliat spine .will be gathereil into the fold of the ttedeemojp, and I bolioya that it will be permitted to our Reverend Brother Archdeadmi Hale ' to »eo of the travail of his soul and be satisfied.!* At all events letus, as a Church, as members of Christ, r-- as individual Christians,' clear nur souls from thai Wood of those children or our home — doing what we Ban for their deliyerence from the bondage of Satan, ?by whom they are now led captiyfj at lus will M ' I have now briefly and inadequately touched upon, these subjects which seem to mo at this time of mora immediate importance to the wol.fam of pur ChurohV [ shall cladlv confer with my brethren individually ; or I shall be willing to receive from them collectively suck' suggestions as they may have to offer. — Mutual edifica tion 'should be our object, mutual love our constant aim Bind the anbject of our mosf earnest prayer. I remain. Your faithful friend, and Brother in the; Lord, Augustus ^pzLkmx* 