FACETTJE. \VrA»fTED TO KNOW. If iteam shin» aro used in navigating the " sea of troubles " If ships in "stays" are addicted to "tight lacing." If it is owing to the rate of interment being cheap that so many are buried" in oblivion." Whether the sun shone in the " dark ages." Whether the " tale" which the ghost of Hamlet'* father could unfold, was " founded on fact." The elevation of the " pinnacle of fame," above the ocean. The extieuie length of the " Long Parlia- ment." If hydropathic treatment would be likely to cure the .'eruptions" of M >unt Etna. IIKADÏ or INTBLLIOISNCS FROM oca ELOBR BKOTUBB IN LONDON. Extraordinary High Temperature.-The heat of the weather is now so oppressive, that one feels that there is even something refreshing in cool impudence. Wonderful Univertity of Form.-The only form in this world, which all nations, barbarous and civilised, are agreed upon in following is- 1 the Female Form. [We expect a silver tea service, at least, from the fair sex, for this handsome compliment.] A gentleman in company with a lady, ex- pressing his love for her, said he could squeeze her as they squeeze apples to make cider ; the lady's reply was, you mutt get the w-ring fir.t. " A line will oblige," at tho dandy skater said «then he broke through the ice. " I'm down upon you,'* at the boy's beard said to his chin. Ill temper puts as many briefs into the lawyer's bag as injustice. Popularity is like aoap, it hardly stiffens before lt runt back to lye and grease again. Direct from the United Slate*.-The matri- monial knot is like the Gordian Ditto-thole who would be great men must cut lt. (Loud cries of " Shame" from the Editor and all the married contributors.)-Punch. An Irishman fights before he reasons ; a Scotchman reasons before he fights ; an English- man is not particular as lo the order of prece- dence, but will do either lo accommodate his customers. I'he Hone.-Never trim the hair from the ear of your horse, lt is placed there by nature to protect the orifice and drum of the ears from Insects, dirt, and sudden change of weather. _ A negro who was called on as a witness in a North Carolina Court, on being examined as to the nature of an oath, waa asked if lie knew what would be Hie consequences here and here- after, if he swore to a lie. " Yes," said he, .. Dar* cut off, and no »hare in de kingdom." A Pretty Compliment.-" Albert," said Her Majesty, tho other day, " do you ever recall our visit latt year to Trepnrt with pleasure P" " Of course, my love," replied his Royal Highness, " 1 can never think of Treport without thinking of fit».'" Capital Punit/lment.-" That is what I call capital punishment," HS thc boy said when his mother shut him up in the closet among the preserves. There ls a great deal of philosophy in a dog's tail. lt is BS greata tell-tale aa a lady's fun. If a dog is pleased, his tail is immediately in a waggish humour; if he is nfraid, it droops ; if angry it " sticks out," You can tell the character and disposition of a dog by his tall, as well as Djuuvau can decipher yours from the " bumps." 