t£mf&idj-terai; 'I'liteUigrMf*-. ? LETTER OK HIS fiTtACS THE LOUDPRI AlATK TO THK CATHOLIC CLERGY OF' THK AltCHDIOOESK OF AKMAGH. (From h- Tahh-.\ '? Tit in sapientia religio, et in reiigione sapientia est.' — Lact. Div. last , 1. 4, c. 3. INTRODUCTION. .. The approaching festival of the Mast Holy Virgin, N Mother of God, suggests the propriety of offering tD you, Reverend Brethren, .at this time, words' of instruction arid exhortation. I willnor, however, »d;lres» yon on. the great and consoling mystery we commemorate,' but rather upon the important sub ject of Catholic education,, which forces itself now upon our notice, and- imperative demands-our at tention. G re«t efforts are being made to dissemi nnte errors upon this subject .and to. mislead the ,,..UI,'- .v. I..,! *'«., itfrtl 1 riv .*?/-* «»'J t-/i pp/iMif1 *i ti/1 nuni/'ii'ifv to dangerous systems ; proselytising schools have been established', and much in every way has been done to. withdraw poor unsuspecting children from | the jurisdiction of their Pastors, to make them j barter their Faith for temporal gain. These efforts are not new, and should not sur-r prise us. Lithe year 1711 the Irish Protestant Clergy petitioned Parliament for the establishment of schools, by which Catholic children might be withdrawn from their Church — and in the year 1738 Primate .Boulter, writing to the Bishop of London, says, 'The great number of Papists in .this kingdom, and the obstinacy with which they ?adhere to their religion, occasions our. trying what may be done with their children to bring them j over to the Church ; ? for, instead of converting these that are adults, we are daily, losing many of our meanest people, who go oft' to Popery.' TAMPI5K1N& WITH EDUCATION. T!IE- KUMNG PASSION OF THE A OK. The system thus recommended, more than a cen tury ago hao continued ever since to prevail in one shape or another in Ireland, and was nevei more vigorously pushed forward than at the present day. Nor is it amongst us alone that efforts to poison and pervert the fountain of knowledge are made. They have assumed a more formidable shape in other countries, and produced more baneful effects ; indeed, ic appears to be the ruling passion of the iigeto attempt the destruction of religion' by intro ducing bad systems of education. ? We cannot have i a bettor testimony on this matter that the Supreme Pontiff, Avho.se eye watches over all the churches. -Hero ore is words : — 'The modern enemies of religion and society, with a most diabolical spirit, direct all their artlicos to pervert 'the minds and hearts Of youth from their, earliest years : wherefore they leav« nothing untried — they shrim from no attempt to withdraw schools, and every institution destined for the edu cation of youth, from the authority of the Church and the vigilance of her holy pastors.';— (Encyl. of Pius IX.,- 8th Dec. 1849.) ' ' . Were these e'nemiea of religion and society, pointed out by the Pontiff, successful, the conse quent evils would indeed be most deplorable. The children of the Church would be corrupted from their irifancyby noxious 'draughts of error, imbibed before they would be conscious of the dangers to which they were exposed. If- the education of youth be made irreligious, or be separated from re ligion, true religion must receive the severest blow. Poor, frail, short-sighted human reason, if left to herself, will lead us into the immense ocean of doubt^dasli us oil the rocks of error, or abandon 'us on the shallows of materialism. But if she have religion for her polar sur, under her guidance we may pass through every distant and unknown re gion, without danger of being lost. Knowledge, if not united to piety, tends to jmff up the mind with pride, and the rioripcurt! says that prido goeth before a fall ; hence, a great philoso pher observes that religion is t!ie clement which must preserve, the sciences from becoming corrupt, and exhaling noxious vapours — reUgio eat aroma I scioniiarum (ilacon'j. And another philosopher j f;;h!s, that there is no degradation so low or so de testable as that into which men of knowledge are precipitated, when not guided and directed by a spirit of religion (De Maistre.) To conlirm the truth of this assertion, it is sulKcient to read the iirst chapter of the Kpistle of Sc. Paul to the Ro mans, where a most d.-plorable picture is drawn of the vices of the philosophers of Greece and Koine, 'who, professing themselves to be wise, became fools, and when they knew God they have not glo rified him as God, or given thanks, but became vain in their though ts, and their foolish heart was darkened.'' — (Rom. i. 21.) What, indeed, can be more awful, in the estima t ion,1 of a.true Christian, than the atate of a man of study not imbued with a. spirit of .religion — who is well versed in all. t!:e qualities of. matter, but ne ylacts his own soul — who u so much occupied with the creature that he forge-ts the* Creator — who is so busy wit!', the concerns of this world that'he in ve. t'.iinks upon eternity — who is corrupted in the tilings he knows, and blasphemes' everything he does not understand. Now, if knowledge without the light of religion produce such awful effects, is it not the duty of the Pastors of the people -to protest against tiiuir. separation ? Is it not the duties of ministers of religion— to whom, the care of the sacred depo sits of .Faith has been committed — to obtain for their Hocks the benefits of a good education and to ? save them from the evils and the dangers of a bad one? Who else but the Pastors of the Church h.ivu the mission from Heaven to add the religious oiciiuunt to education?; ;. Who else have ever been able to confer this inestimable boon on humanity? The very idea itself of a religious education of the people owes its origin to the Catholic Church. But i)o\v can the Pastors fulfil these duties if education \ii taken from under their control, or if, in despite of them, a power be given to others to diffuse every noxious and baneful error, and to lead the flocks to nsaUibVious' and- poisojiuus pastures? Let us i make a few reflections upon this matter, that we may understand the nature and extent of our re ligious obligations ahd our rights. :'lU0i:T OF TAB -EPISCOPATE TO CON.TEOrj EDUCATION. The right which we enjoy and the obligation which we are placed, of attending to the education of youth, are derived from the Divine commission by which we exercise our spiritual ministry. This commission, which was given to the Apostles and their successors in the following words : — ' Going, therefore, teach ye all nations : baptising them in in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy G-host, teaching them to observe all things whatseever I command you : and behold I am with you all days, even to .the consummation of the world' — (Mat. xxvviii. 19, 20)— evidently includes the duty of teaching all the dogmas of Faith, as well as all the principles of morality — whatever regards the nature, attributes, and moral government of the Deity,. as well as whatever concerns the consci ence of man in his individual capacity or numerous social relations All this is directly contained in the Divine commission. But the objects thus in dicated must have a direct or indirect connection . wjth the vaiious'departments of human knowledge, and the exercise of the Divine commission must consequently extend to the supervision and control of every system of education proposed or instituted for the children of the Catholic Church, lest in any particular department of knowledge they should be infected with errors or opinions at variance with their Faith ; so that. the Divine commission given to the Apostles- implies a positive duty, imposed exclusively on them, to teach all Divine truth ; and,- if 1 may say so, a negative duty or right to impede. the teaching and to resist the propaga ga.tion of every error opposed to heavenly revela tion. This right of inspection and control, whenever there is question of the Faithful committed to our Ci targe, belongs pre-eminently, .as you are all well aware, to the Episcopal body, according to the words of the Apostle, *' Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishop, to rule the Church 'of God. which He hath purchased with His own blood.' — (Acts xx. ) When the education of . the children of one diocese is in question, the matter is within the ju risdiction of the Ordinary of that diocese. When many dioceses and provinces are concerned, then the question is not to be decided by any particular Bishop, but by all the Prelates of those provinces —or, when they disagree, to the supreme authority of the Roman Pontiff. To resign such a right — to shrink from the duty, it involves — to suffer the little ones of Jesus Christ to be torn from the ma ternal bosom of the Church, and delivered up to the hands of unprincipled or irresponsible teachers, or to be imbued with erroneous doctrines, would be to prove false to the Divine commission we have received ; to abandon to the wolf, like the hireling Pastor, the flock committed to our trust ; and to dishonour the glorious ministry with which we are invested by a treachery as cruel as it would be un principled. wrr.NKss of the. church to tuts hight. ? This right of instructing the Faithful in -.the truths of revelation, and of resisting every system by which error may be propagated and infused into the tender mind, lias been always vindicated to it self by the Catholic Church, and never more strenuously than in our own days. The venerable' , Bishops of Germany, assembled at Wurzbnrg (the place where the- relics of our holy countrvinawSt'. Kilian are enshrined), in the autumn of. the year ll-43, loudly proclaimed it. ' The Church,' say they, ' will preserve, in preference to everything else, her sacred right to educate and teach '; she will never allow the child to be torn from her mother's heart — she who is the foundress of educa-'/ turn for the people.' . All the Bishops of the vast Austrian empire, ex tending from the Jilbeto the Adriatic, and from the' Dniester to the Rhine, express the same sentiments inan address directed to their flocks on the. [7th June, -Mil) : — 'At the present day there are some (say those Prelates)' who pretend to separate, with violence, the body from the soul, heaven from earth, educacion from die Church, the little ones from Jesus Christ. With words full of , blasphemy they cry out, We willnot allow the little ones to come to Jesus Christ — we forbid it. Such is the answer which they givu to the tender invitation of God made man. Consider now by what authority should your Bishops be guided in these -circum- stances, if they do not, wish to oppress their souls with the mill-stones of eternal damnation, with which Jtisns Christ threatens those who impede the little ones from coming to him.' — (Matthew xviii. 6). On this subject maybe added the testimony of the great Archbishop of Cologne, Droste de Vise hering, the Athana.sius of our days, who has had the glory of having put an end to the encroach ments which were every day mf:de on. Catholicity in Germany, and who, though cast into chains him self, restored the blessings of freedom to tbe churches of his country. One of thematttrs on which lie was obliged to contend with the Prussian Government was the subject of education for Ca tholic youth, on which he boldly asserted the rights of the Church. 'Religious liberty,'' says he, ' re tui es that Ecclesiastical author: y should exercise over all puplic establishments ol instruction and education' such a control as will enable it to fulfil the duties that conscience places on it. This li berty, therefore, requires that the spiritual power should have the principal share in the appointing and removing of masters and mistressas — in the inspection which is to take p ace of their teaching and conduct, inasmuch as the most important end of this teaching is religious instruction : finally, in the censorship of the education of future masters and mistresses, as also in the selection and remo val of professors in the normal, or model schools.' * It would be too long to extract all the Venerable a See Pianti delia Chiesa. Modena, 1814. ?j' Archbishop has written on this subject. There is g one thing, however, not to be omitted. He ob- f serves, that Ecclesiastics deputed by the State to impart education are not to be considered as rep- t resenting the Church : their acts, in this capacity, s do not emanate from any spiritual authority, which 1 no State can confer ; having no other mission than ( that of mere Governmant officials or agents, their ; 1 presence in any college or school is not a sufficient : protection for the children of the Faithi It is to ' be observed, that the Archbishop was living under ' a despotic Government. His statements, however, i will appear bold and strange to many amongst us, living though we are in a free country, and enjoy ing the benefits of a constitution which gives us the right to insist that a full and free Catholic edu cation be given to the children of Catholic parents, i If we compare our notions with those of the Atha- ; nasius of our days, I fear we shall have' reason to ; be ashamed of the little zeal we display in assert ing the rights and claims of religious liberty in the - 'question of education. ' .: ''?','.--' But the rights of the Church are so clear, and the consent of every Catholic in admitting them is ; so general, that it is useless to dilate more at - length upon this point. It would be easy, also, to show that these Protestants who are sincerely attached to religion, and who are . adverse to the spread 'of indifferentism or latitudinarianism, do not differ in their views upon this subject from the doctrines which are taught by the Bishops of the Holy Catholic Church, 'indeed, every religious community in England has schools' in which its own peculiar doctrines are inculcated, and such schools are considered as a part of the machinery nesessary for working out the religious view of the sect. ADMISSION OF PROTESTANTS TO THE SAME EFFECT. You will all recollect that, on the discussion re-, garding education in England, in the. spring of 1847, the doctrines here laid down were fully ad mitted by our first statesmen. Lord Sandon, re ferring to a speech of Lord John Russell, said that he ' was glad to hear the admission, that religion was an essential part of everything worthy of the name of education. . ... The State (through Lord John) admitted that edu cation, in order to be effectual, must be religious. He thought that religion ought to be interwoven with every part of their education : he meant, that the man who taught should be a religious man, and that in his moral teaching he. should always keep in view the principlesof religion.' — (Hansard Deb., April 19th, 1847, p. 1063.) Of course, we are to understand all this of true religion. Lord Morpeth, now Earl Carlisle, explaining the reason why separate grants were to be made in England to the schools of each religious society, says (same Debate, p. 1083 — 'We might have taken a uniform scheme, in which we might have prescribed the same course to all alike without adverting to the existing methods, and without adopting any special method of religious teaching ; but I believe in my conscience that such a plan would not have met with the consent either of Par liament or of the people.' Lord Mahon (same Debate, p. 1197-8) said 'The second question was, whether' they would. have a scheme of secular education solely, or of secular and religious 'education combined'?. For his own part, he considered that if the State should con fine itself to secular education, without associating it with religion, it would be doing absolutely worse than nothing.' Lord John Russell (lb.,' p. P221), refuting the ? project of Mr. Roebuck to separate religion from education, said — ' I do think that the future minis ter contemplated by Mr. Roebuck is likely to have a very long tenure of power, if- 'vote for education without religion ' should be placed on his banner, and that schools entirely secular- should be estab lished by the State.' Sir R. Peel (lb., p. 1234) said— ' I am for reli gious as opposed to secular education. I do not think that a seculiar education would be acceptable' to the people of this country. I believe, as the ?noble lord (John Russell) has said, that such an education is only half an educ tion, but AYith the most important half neglected.' Such are the sentiments of our statesmen — such are the principles on which the laws regardiug edu cation in England have been enacted. Hence, in every school religious teaching is considered one «f the most essential duties, and is connected with the acquirement of knowledge. In the schools frequented by Anglican children, the Established Church has full sway. Where the children are1 Dissenters, their principles, too, are inculcated by masters of their different sects. Even the rights of Catholics are fully recognised ; the teaching in their schools is fully Catholic, and everything connected with the system Catholic. It is difficult to assign a reason why different prin ciples should be applied by the same statestmen to management of education at this side of the chan nel. But, whatever reasons they may be influenced by, it is quite clear that we, believing as we do, that there is but One True Faith, should anxiously exert ourselves to have that Faith interwoven with every part of education, that we should take care to have it deeply impressed upon the minds of our childien in the schools — requiring that the men who teach should be religious men, and the whole atmosphere of the schools should be religious ; and finally, with Lord J. Russell, we should admit no system which would inscribe ' Education without religion '? — that is, without true religion — on its banners. DUTIES OP THE CLBRGY AS REGARDS RELIGION. But let us return to the subject from which we have departed. As you, my Rev. Brethren, have been called to participate in the responsibility of the spiritual charge which the successor of St. Peter has placed upon the Bishop of this diocese, it is your duty, impressed with a sense o: the obliga tions of this solemn trust, to exert yourselves to the utmost of your power to procure for the little ones of JesuB Christ committed to you, the benefits of a food aud Christian education, and to preserve them 'rorn every danger ancl contagion of vice. ! In order to succeed in the fulfilment of these ^ lutics, point out to Catholic parents the grave re iponsibility under which they are placed. Tell them ;hatifany desire of temporal emolument, any jarthly consideration, renders them careless about ;he Faith of their children, they will have to render i dreadful, account on the last day. Of what avail '? will human kuowledge be to their children, or any worldly advantages, if faith be lost, without which jays the Apostle, it is impossible to please God? What doth it profit a man to gain the whole world if he lose his own soul ? ' . - Visit . assiduously the schools of your respective parishes : one bad school may occasion the ruiu of a whole district. Be mosfexact in the selection of masters and mistresses ; take care that they o-ive good example to their tender charge. If any of them be lax in morals or unsound in belief ? if any of them hold dangerous maxims, their teaching will produce most baneful effects. Examine with care the books that are put in the hands of youth and remove from your . schools all such as are of doubtful or dangerous character. It is not neces sary to add, that whenever, in any school, attempts ? are made to undermine the Faith of children, you will immediately withdraw them from that school. Above all things, teach the youth committed to. your care to value Faith as the most precious gift of God — as the most valuable inheritance we have received from our fathers ; teach them to glory in the name of Catholic, and U^be sincerely attached to the Holy Catholic Church — instruct them in thu practice of every virtue^ and in the duties they owe to God, to their neighbour, and themselves— in all things let them recollect that tke beginning of wisdom is the fear of the Lord, and that nothing will compensate for the loss of their immortal souls. You are responsible to God for the souls of all the Catholic children of your parish. If one' of them perish through your negligence, alas ! what an awful account will you have to render . to ' the Almighty on the great accounting day. To you are addressed the^words of the Prophet — ' Son of man, I have made thee a watchman to the house of Israel : and thoii shalt hear the words of my mouth, and shait tell it to them for me.' — (Ezech. iii; 17.). Fulfil with vigilance this great charge, and never allow the wolf, either openly or in the sheep's clothing, to devastate the fold of Jesus Christ. I entreat of you frequently to meditate upon the traits of the Divine Pastor of our souls, as desciil eii by the Prophet : ' He shall feed his flock like a shepherd ; he shall gather together the lambs with his arms, and he shall take them up in his bosom, and he himself shall carry them that are with young.' — (Isaiah xl. 11.) 'I will feed my sheep : and 1 will cause them to lie down saith the Lord God. I will seek that which was lost : and that which was driven away I will bring again : and I will bind up that which was broken, ? and I will strengthen that which was weak, and that which was fat and strong I will preserve ; and I will feed them in judgment.' — (Ezech. x'xxiv. 15, 16.) Suck is the model which is proposed to us to imitate. With it before our eyes, can we neglect the care of. the lambs of the fold ? ' {To bo continued in our next.) 