BISHOPS IN PARLIAMENT. The Rev. G. A. Denison has published a pam phlet entitled, " Why should the Bishops continue to sit in the House of Lords ?" The following is his avowal of his object. My obiect is, it possible, to elicit the formal dis- cussion of this question : it will be something to have procured an argumentative statement of what is to be said in favour of the position of the bishops as Peers of Parliament ; of the advantages derived, or supposed to be derived, — of the duties fulfilled, or supposed to be fulfilled, — by the presence of the bishops in the House of Lords. My business is to set down the disadvantages accruing and the duties inferred with thereby ; for myself, I confess that after the best consideration I have been able to give, I cannot discover the good which counter balances the evil, or even tends to diminish its heavy weight. j The following are the propositions which he pro ceeds to work out The main propositions to be proved are in brief— ;L. That the Church of England, as a Churph, has only a limited hold upon her members, whether clergy or people. 2\. That her principal hold upon her members depends partly upon a false view of her office and essential character, and partly upon her accidents. 3\. That the position of the clergy being, in many respects, secular and unreal, is one principal hin drance to the more just and extended appreciation of the office and essential character of the chnrch. 4\. That in particular, the position of the bishops as Peers of Parliament, is secular and unreal. There are some out- spoken censures on the method of appointing bishops. Now if the manner of our Bishops' appointment were not fact, it would be searCely credible ; let us hope that the time is near at hand when so great a reproach upon the character of a Church of Christ, as is entailed by every fresh instance of the manner of appointment, will only be a matter of history and when its results will have passed into a warning, that the Church of England may never allow herself to be so betrayed again, not simply into an abdication, but into a mockery, of her office andcommission received of God. It is commonly said in England, that anomalies are as nothing if they "work well;" and the remark may be true enough as applied to society and poli tics ; but as applied to religion, and all questions connected therewith, is alike presumptuous and false. Members of the Church of England are very generally cognisant of the fact, that when any priest is nominated to the office of bishop nominally by the sovereign, as the temporary governor of the church, but really by the Prime Minister of the day, who may, or may not represent in such mat ters even so much as the will of a majority in the House of Commons, the dean and chapter of the see are required, under heavy penalties, to proceed within a limited time, to elect the priest so no minated. The members of the Church are also now cog nisant of the fact, that whatever objection may be taken, on the part of the members, of the Chureh, in this land of " civil rnd religious liberty," to the nominee of the Crown, on the ground of heresy or unsound doctrine, or moral" or other canonical dis qualifications, the Crown refuses to permit any question to be raised touching its own absolute power and authority in this matter. But the members of the Church are riot gener ally cognisant of the fact, that the deans and chap ters electing, preface every such compulsory elec tion of a bishop by solemn prayer arid invocation of the Holy Ghost to guide them to a right choice. I doubt whether the whole history of the church can supply any worse example, not simply of abdi cation of the Church's office, but of mockery of the privileges vouchsafed to her of God. Is the Church of England prepared to abandon her prayer and invocation of the Holy Ghost in the election of her bishops ? that would be a reality, though a fatal one. Is she prepared to contest the preposterous claim of the Prime Minister, or even of the Crown, to insist upon the absolute and inde feasible election of the nominee under all circum stances whatsoever ; that again would be a reality ; one that might doubtless not bring with it much tem poral blessing, but which would confess and affirm the truth, that God is to be obeyed rather than man at whatever cost. Is the Church of England content to abide in her present position in respect of the appointment of her bishops? then is slie content with an unre ality in religion, and does not shrink from a per petual mockery of God. Here, then, is the first step towards the position of a bishop in the ChurcH of England ; does it augur well of what is to come ? ' The bishop is nominated, elected, confirmed, consecrated. Alas ! must not even the last of these share in the character of its antecedents ? God's mercy preserves the succession. Man labours, for his own selfish ends, to make it an object of ridicule and contempt. The method and manner of their appointment makes them to be, of necessity, a disunited and discord xnt body. Not elected by the Church or for the Church, they do not and cannot represent the Church, even supposing that such representa tive function were the true account of then- pre sence in Parliament, which it is not. So long as the Bishops are appointed by the Prime Minister, and appointed with a view to Par- liamentary support, i. e. so long as they continue to sit in the House of Lords, no real effort will be ; made by, the Church of England to augment the number of bier Episcopate, however greatly, some dioceses may require such augmentation. Church men are very justly and reasonably afraid of multi plying weapons in the hands of a Prime Minister to be used according to his will and pleasure, for the discouragement of Church principles. Mr. Denison considers that the non-residences of the bishops, more than anything else, has led to the non-residence of the clergy, and to general carelessness. His main object of attack is the unreality of the system. " My assault is upon a great collection of unreali ties, supplying a perpetual stimulus to, other un realities throughout the Church, and ending in the large predominance of the secular life. The people are keenly alive to these things ; they look with dis taste and disgust upon the presence of the Bishops in Parliament, and upon their residence in London : they see and hear a good deal of the last, they know little of the first, except by a speech no w and then in the House of Lords upon some Church or other question, and the unreality of the position is much aggravated thereby, because men are disposed to believe that something is being done for the Church, when in fact nothing is being done for the Church. I believe myself to have proved that the position of the Bishops and clergy of the Church of England is in many respects secular and unreal, and that, in particular, the position of the Bishops as Peers of Parliament is secular and unreal. I conclude that it will not be disputed that such a position of Bishops and clergy is a very powerful hindrance to the more just and extended appreciation of the office and essential character of the Church ; and that such position ought to be reformed." The pamphlet closes with the following summary of leforms : — That true son of the Church, whether bishop, or peer, or representative of the people, who shall gain freedom for the Church of England, "to do the work proper unto her," in the full and free exercise ot ner synodical power tor trie regulation ot ail ner internal concerns, whether of doctrine or discipline, or the increase and endowment of the several orders of her clergy ; who shall 'persuade the civil po wer not usurp the functions of the spirituality either in respect of the appointment of bishops, or judgment of doctrine, or education, or discipline ; who shall persuade the episcopate that the House of Lords is no longer their fitting place ; who shall abolish the levying of Church-rates upon all who shall register themselves as joined members of any Dissenting body, or as of the Roman Catholic communion ; who shall remove, so far as it may be done by law, other causes of just offence between the several reli gious bodies which compose the nation — that man will do more to build up the Church in the hearts of men, and to make us a happy people, acknow ledging " One Lor$, one faith, one baptism," and " endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit, in the bond of peace," than the framer of a hundred laws professing to uphold, but in fact, degrading, and secularizing, and stultifying the Church. A Green Rose. — We recensly noticed the produc tion of a blue rose at Paris byt artificial crossings. The Raleigh(N.C.) Register, in copying our notice, says — 'We can add to this the green rose of North Carolina, which, though not the creature of science, is sufficiently well known in parts of this State to claim a rank among the floral novelties. The rosa is identical with our common daily, except in color, the variation in which is supposed to have -been produced by the accidental intermingling of the . roots of the rose tree with those of the common sumach. The peculiarities of the new varieties ara perpetuated by cuttings or otherwise. It is quite common in the county of Bladen, and some few specimens exist . in the town of Fayetville.; — New York Herald. The Leeds Mercury reports an evil accompanying the cheap railway excursions to London : many people at York and; other places have pawned articles to pay for the coveted visit -to the Metro polis. To prevent sneezing, press the finger on the upper lip just below the nose. To stop a1 fit of coughing, close the nostrils with the thumb and finger when the breath is let out, but leave - them free when the breath is drawn im 