COLD SCKAl'S. (From the Bathurst Free Press, Sept. 29.) Mr. John Want arrived in Bathurst a few days ago on his way to Sydney, having disposed of his third share of a digging claim for £100. In course of a conversa- tion with him, we learnt that his visit to the diggings was prompted rather by cu- riosity than any serious intention of turn- ing gold digger, but as the cradle rocked very profitably, his pleasure trip assumed the shape of a pecuniary speculation, an he returns to the metropolis about £100 richer than when he left it for the Turon mountains. An old Californian digger, named Woodward, a relation of Mr. Mor- gan's, of the Spread Eagle Inn, Durham- street, has realised about £1600 by dig- ging, and we believe without much hard la- bour. Mr. Woodward was the discoverer of the piece of gold we termed the King Lump, which was taken by Mr. Austin to Sydney shortly after the existence of our El Dorado was made known by Mr Hargraves, and has been remarkably successful in his gold digging pursuits, in which he has profited largely by his Californian experience. A Mr Trappitt has purchased a claim ad- joining Mr Blakefield's, from some Sydney party for £700, the conditions being £80 down, and the remainder after a stipulated time, if Mr Trappit remains satisfied with his bargain. The proceeds of the diggings for that time are to be given to the seller, if the terms of the contract are not ful- filled. Robberies still continue very fre- quent at the Turon. A fellow, whose name we did not learn, sneaked into the tent of one of the miners, near Golden Point, and stole 15 oz. of gold. The owner happening to hear him, started in pursuit, and set up a hue and cry. He succeeded in capturing the thief, who has been com- mitted to take his trial. A miner, just arrived from one of the secluded gullies of the Turon, upon which he says there are about 150 people at work, informs us that his tent was pillaged during his absence for a very few minutes, and gold dust and other pioperly, to the value of £60, taken therefrom. Divine service was held at the Sheep Station Point, by the Rev. K. D. Smythe, on Sunday last, at which about 300 people attended, who listened with great atten- tion. The subject of his discourse was the happiness derivable from the exercise of benevolence. A subscription his been entered into at the diggings, for the pur- pose of purchasing a set of large tents, to be used for religious objects by the mem- bers of every Christian denomination. A consideiable sum has already been col- lected. We learn upon tolerably good au- thority, that the .Government have it in contemplation to adopt a new system of licensing, the amount to be charged to the cradles, and not to the men; £4 10s is said to be the sum proposed. Mr Joseph West, tertius, pur- chased a right of claim, near the Golden Point, from an individual for £50, which he cleared out of the fit st day's diggings, independent of expenses. A great increase in the female portion of the Turon popu- lation is daily taking place, many of the diggers having sent for their wives and families, and settled themselves into some- thing like a state of douustioiry. We knoiv of several instances in whioh Sidney peo- ple, who have been prosperous at the Turon, have stai ted beloiv for their wives and families, with intention of locating them in Ha'lim st. A gradual, though not speedy thicken- ing of the Ophir population is taking place. Amongst the cases of remark- able success during the past »veek, a gen- tleman informs us tli.it Duscote's party procured 100Í worth of gold in a day. .Nestall's patty, who aie at work on Lewis Ponds Creek, found a beautiful specimen of gold oa Lewis Ponds Creek, weighing 45 ozs. Several very rich spots are said to have been discovered on the higher portion of Campbell's river, nt which a few people are doing very well, but »ve understand that Mr liai graves, »vho has lately explored the coiiutry through which that river floivs, did not entertain a very favourable opinion of its auriferous capabilities. Gold, we are in- formed, has been discovered in suflicient quantity to pay on Slatey Creek, one of the tributaries- oí Davis's Creek, which is itself a tributary of Campbell's river. Tiiu PtiicK of Goi.b.-The to»vn was thrown into a small teapot panic yesterday, by the Heralds announcement that the Banks had reduced their advance* on gold to £2 per oz., and that the price in Syd- ney had fallen as low as 64s. This tem- porary depreciation of the value of the precious metal our contemporary attri- butes to the hoarding of our metallic money in the hands of the miners who have sold, combined with the insufficiency of our circulating medium for the new aud extensive cash transactions to whicli our gold product has niven lise. Our ob- ject no»v is not to enter into the ques- tion of monetary difficulty and embar- rassment winch the writer in the Herald anticipates, nor to consider the validity and desirableness of the remedies which he Miggcsts ; but to correct the actual mis-staieinents put foith in his quotations, which are caLuhilcd to excite unwnr l anted alarm in the public mind, and to be productive of serious mischief. We have ever held to the maxim of ou- ances- tor.«, that it is unwise to meet sorrow lrilf way ; and »vc should hold f o it still, even if »ve thought a panic inevitable. When the I startling and wonderful discovery was first | made known, we could not see in the train of its consequences the "curse"and "ruin" I which the Herald predicted »vould result | from it ; neither can wo now sec any cause for the alarmist cry so persevcringly I raised. What good purpose can be served by fictitiously damping our mining inte- rests, »vc mo not fat-flighted enough to discci n, unless indeed our " professional rivals" have themselves turned bullion dealeis. The Herald must know that a majority of the Hanks have never refused to advance £2 lös on Ophir and Turon gold; and that the price obtainable in Sydney has hitheito rangedi considerably' higher than the highest quotation given in its columns. If these'facts in relation to the operations of the purchasers are not within the Herald's knowledge, we very much fear tint little reliance can bo placed in its information concern-, ing the hoarding propensities ol' the sellers Our new Juiiiaialurc will bo assembled nhno t iuiii e lintcly, ami \U first delibera- tions will bo directed < o the.instituting of a wise and coniprchôns.ve policy for the conduct of Ibis neiv branch of our com- merce, which has had so sin prising an oiigin and so iiipid n growth, since the old Council expired. In the ine.ni time, we shall return to a consideration of the various questions of fiscal arrangement »v'liich arc suirgcited in relation to our mining ¡ntereats. For the present, we beg to atsuie our friends »vho have gold lo^difiposo of, that, notwithstanding the gloom of the Herald, they may obtain an advance of £2 15s from the Sydney l'a iks.-Umpire. A TnnniiiL): Worm-A gentleman in Ameiiea has descr'bed a dreadful woi'ni Which infests his part ol' the country. " It is," hu remarks, "of a dead lead color, and generally lives near a spring, and hiles the unfortunate pcoplo who arc in the habit of (»oing there to drink. The symptoms of its bite are temible. The eye ol the pnticiii becomes red and fiery The tongue sivells to ni» immoderate size, mid obst) nets ut lei ance, and delirium of the most horrid , haiuclcr ensues. Tho< name ol' the rep ile is tho Worm ol'the Still." CoNmsios.-A Roman Catholic curalo, to'fice liiuiMsIf from the great jabour of onf ssion in Lent, gave notice to his .jarisliioners that on Monthly he should '.onfess the liars jon Tuesday, tho misers j ?ii Wednesday, the Blunderers ; on Thurs- ley, the thieves ; onjFridny, the libeiüiivsj nid on Saturday, the bad women. His clieino succeeded ; none uttended. Make-shift Gentility.-Some facts relating to.-It is a practice with several parties who wish to be thought " some- bodies" to send to fashionable drapers, .Sec., for goids on "show," or si^ht; and this is sometimes done for n night, or a* the occasion may require, when a ball and supper is to tdke place the same evening, 'or when some great' family event is in hand, such as a christening or a man inge. We have heard of a case, where a dra- per's lad was sent with a splendid scarf on sight, and wfts detained a couple of hours, during which interval a christening was gone through-the fair lady of the house wearing the scarf during the cere- mony, and then returning it-as, on close inspection, " not to her mind !" Another instance:-A lady of some note sent to the same establishment for some very [ fashionable watered-silk aprons-woie one of them ata hall and supper which took place that evening, and returned it next morning, with a ham sandwich in one of the pockets, with a piece munched out of the corner (of the sandwich,not the apron). Ingenious people who practise a ruse of this kind should be careful not to furnish evidence of"the fact to their duped shop kcepeis - as she of the sandwich did. Booksellers, too, are often made to orna- ment the drawing-room table in the saue cheap way. They are requested to send books or prin's or other illustrated works on sight, which, in nine cases out of ten, are returned, not much the better for the thumbing of the housemaid during the process of "redding up," ihe morning after the party,-that useful functionary, l.ke her mistress, having frequently a taste for a peep pictorial gratis. WiîDniNos.--' 1 like to 'tend weddings," said Mrs. Partington, as she l'eturned from, one in church, and hung In-r shawl up and replaced her black bonnet in her long-pre- served bandbox; "1 like to see young peo- ple come together with the promise to love, cherish, and nourish each other. But it is nsolemn tliin j, is matrimony-a very solemn I thing-wheie the minister comes into the chancery with his surplus on, and goes ti» ough the ceremony of making them 'man and wife.' It ought to be husband and wife, for it isn't every husband that turns out to be u man. 1 declare I never shall forgot how I felt when Paul put the nup- tial ring on my finger, and said, 'with my goods I thee endow.' He used to keep a dry-goods store then, and I thought he was a going to give me all there was in it. I was young and simple and didn't know lill afterwards that "rt only meant one cotton gown a year. It is a lovely sight to see young people 'plightin' their trough,' as the song says, and'consume their vows." Shclmstled about, and got tea leady, but abstractedly put on the broken tea-pot that had lain | away unused since Paul was alive, and the tea-cup mended willi putty anil dark with age, as if the idea had conjured the ghost of past enjoyment to dwell for the moment in the home ol'her present widowhood. A young lady, who expected to be married on Thanksgiving night, wept copiously nt her remark-*, but kept on hemming the veil that was to adorn her brideship, und Ike snt pulling the bristles out of the hearth brush in expressive silence.-Boston rath finder. An "ohfui. Draught."-An old ac- quaintance of ours in the country indulges in n very exaggerated style of description and illustration in his ordinary conversa- tion. For instance, when describing the effect of an alteration of his kitchen chim- ney, which he had ordered his mason to make, he said that " before the chimney was altered, it drew the wrong way so powerfully that every flock of wild geese that flew over the town for ten years was sucked dowrijj'nto lils fire-place ; but, since the alteration, the draught was so strong that, if he should hook one end of an ox chain in the middle of the kitchen floor, the other end would uland quivering up the chimney." American paper. . The Lincoln Mercury has an account of a stalling that eau not ouly whistle tunes, but can df clare the names of the songs. Ills whistle over, he will say, "That's bonnets o' blue, my hiys," Taking a short rest, he will continue, Let's have ihe girl I left behini me," and proceed to whistle the tune. The hird will soon, it is thought, be ready for a place in a firsl-iaie military band." A man was one day wheeling a barrow aci oss a churchyard, not twenty miles from Manchester, when he was threatened by a clergyman with a condign punishment, for his daring outrage in polluting the conse- crated ground by his whee!-bal row. The man, scratching bis head, said, "I did not know but the wheel-barrow was conse- crated too, for I borrowed it of the sexton." The New York Mirror, in noticing " n thin volume of thin poetry-very poor and very pious," snys " no man fhould attempt to write poetry, except from high internal pressure. Ii is an article that can't be manufactured, any ¡nore than wo can manufacture corn or grapes." Scene-A Cafi-, is Pabis.- London (tent.-" Garsong ! T.iS de Corfee!" Garçon.-'' Bien, M'sieu-Vuuld you like to see zee 'Hines ?" London Gent.--'1 Hang the feller! Now I wonder how the douce he found out I was au Englishman!- Punch. .An editor, summing up the virtues of a 'soap boiler, lately deceased, concluded his 'eulogy with the usual phrase of " pence to 'his ashes ! The remark gave great offence 'to the family, onoot wlio-n threatened the editor with personal violence. An innocent young sportsman, in order to shoot a squirrel on the top of a tall tree, climbed another one near by ; and on being asked his reason for so foolish a freak, said that " he didn't want to scrum his gun by a long shot." . "I say, Dick, did you see it done?" "No, Ben, 1 was not an eye witness, but an ear witness. '-" A near witness and not « vigh witness? That's what I call a dis- tinction without a difference !" Scotch Conu.ndhum.-How does a clock ¡n the room of a tavern eneouraec people to call for more liquor after their money is all spent ? By its sounding tick, tick, tnk lick. Swift, having boon applied to fur an epi- taph to the memory of n member of the kildare family, wrote as follows : Who silled Kildare?-who dared Kildare to hill? Ootith hilledKildnre-who dare kill vvhumhu will4 An Unfortunate Mistake.--At the 'Bristol Police Court, last week, a man was sent for trial for having sto'en a "dummy," 'an imitation of n loaf of sugar, fi oin the 'shop of ti grocei. Tko Providence Transcript says theic is a lady so aristocratic, that she refuses to take a newspaper, bjcausu it is made of ? ogs. " Ma, wlmt is the reason all the gentle- men wea'r moustaches when 'tho opera is here?"-" All ovvin^ to the Italian airs, I suppose, my child." Did yon over know n partieul irly plain woman that wasn't always talking* about the beauties of the mind ? A.M...IICAN Pausing.-I court.-Couit is a verb active, indicative mood, present tense, and agrees with all the girls in the neighbourhood. "It is far worse to bo cast in wax than into prison ! ': ns the Sloanos will say when they see themselves in Aínda.iu 1 tusaud's 1 Chamber of llorroiS.'" A lawyer is getting up a panorama of w aw-siiit. It commences in the year one, and ends at doomsday 