THE TUESDAV AFTER PERSEVRNAXCT; IN THE NARROW WAT. At Morning Prayer. 7'rrl—" They tliat wait upon the Lord sl>.-ill renew their sfrongth; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; thry shall run and not lie weary; mill they shall walk and not fiiini."—Is. xl. 31. i iiiiye humbly ofiVred unto lhee,0 Lord, the sacrifice of a troubled spirit, in union v. ith the Sacrifice and Sacrament ofllie liody and Blood of thy Son, my Saviour. For I am grieved to have oll'ended thee, who art so good, so kind, so merciful to me. I confess and bewail mj many great and nying sins particularly (Here; name liie sins into which you ore most apt to fall.) J confess ihcm in ihe bitterness of my soul. Would that I bad never sinned against so good a God! Would Hint I had always preserved my baptismal innocence ! Yet for the sake of Him in whom I have believed, wliom thou hast given for the healing of my soul, accept my sorrowful petitions, and forgive me all my sins. Henceforth, not in mine own strength, hut through thine aiding grace, 1 resolve to light against, and to overcome, those sins which have brought me to such shame and misery. Be pleased, by thy abundant grace and power, conveycd through thy most holy bacramcnf, (o stablish, straighten, settle me. With 'my wnole heart have T sought thee; O let me not go wrong out of thy commandments. Hold thou up my goings in thy paths that my footsteps slip not. O quicken me after thy loving kindness, and so shall I keep the testimonies of thy mouth. Guide, strengthen, and accept me, gracious Lord, in all my works and ways, for the sakc'of thy Son, our Saviour, Jesus Christ "Amen. Psalm xxv. Our Father, &c.; [The proper Collect.] [Prayers for particular graccB.] God the Father, &c.; [For reading see No. 10 m Appendix 2 ] At evening Prayer. Text.— " Lei us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us; and let us run with patience the race that is set before us, looking unto Jesus."— lleb. sii. 1, 2. Give me grace, O Merciful Father, that I may bring to good effect the desires and purposes with which 1 v.cnt so lately to thy holr table. Without thee I can do nothing, but thy strength is made perfcetin my weakness. Give me a saving faith and knowledges sincere love for thee,and for thy holy word; a hearty desire lo please tlice ; a fear of n(lending tlice : a zeal for thy glory, and a great regard for everything that belongs to thee. Give me grncc to love my neighbour as mvself, to submit myself lo all my belters, to'hate all lying, fraud, and wrong. Give me a tender conscience, a meek and quiet spirit, a charitable, a bumble, and a contented mind. tSive mo power over the lusts of the fleeh, Ijet me not follow the cunUims of a wicked world. O keep me from the ways of the destroyer. Leave me not to n-y own choice; keep ma from pride and from prcsumptous sins ; jrom wicked principles aud wickod corn- ^Oiiler my steps in thy word, and so shall DO wicko>l»i;6s have dominion over me.. Lead mo forth in thy truth, and learn me; for thon art the God of my salvation ; in thee hath been my hope all the day long. 0 keep my soul and deliver mo, let ire not be confounded, for 1 have put my trust in thee. . In thee, (J Fotlier, is my trust; from thee do 1 hopo for grace, morcy, and salvation : for file sake ol' .Iraus Christ thy SOD, and through the sanctifying influences of the jjoly UhoBt. . Glory be to the Father, and to the Son and to the Holy Ghost; As it woe in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen. Psalm exxi. Our Father, &c.; 1 The proper Collect.] 1 Prayers for particular graces.] G od the Father, &c;, During tho rest of this week nod tho following Collect to your usual praycra morni D U B mercifulLmii"Goi, who hast vouchsafed to feed us, thy unworthy creatures, with that 13read which eamo down from heaven, ana civeth life unto the soul; so strengthen end sustain me I beseech tiieo, by thy most erarious gifts, that 1 ntny resist aU the temptations of 4he world, the fie»Mnd the devU, and, walking in the way of thy commandments, may glorify thy holy Name, through Jeeua Christ our Loi'l. Amen, Thi» prayer may beuB.d daily by those who communicate every Suuuay, or more 1.—If you have communicated privately with a sick person, you will do well to use all the prayers alter Communion in 1MB book on the evening of that day. and en the following days, as directed. If for any reason this cannot ho done, at least use all that is set down lor Sunday after Communion, and gay the above Collect for some days after. Observation 2.—When the Communion is administered on any other daythan Sunday, you will have to begin yonr preparation on the same day tlio week before, using at your Evening prayers, the texts and prayers which are here set down for the Sunday evening, before; the next day, those for Monday, and so on all through. A RNAVER FOR THOSE TOO AKE KOT ABLE TO COMMUNICATE. If yon sra kept at homo by sickness or any other just cause, you should endeavour to make up, as faros possible, for the loss yon bare sustained, by increase of private devotion. This will doubtless bring a fclessiug, though, of course, nothing can supplv the place of the Saoamcnt when it can possibly be had. The fqilowftur prayer WAS composod by (he holy Bishop Wilson, for the use of those nnlortun&tcly; deprived of the spiritual Food needfnl for their soul's health. S. Luke xxii. 19.—" This do in remembrance of me." O good Saviotfr, | will, through thy prion, and spirit with every Christian congregation in the world which truly celebrates this holy mystery. With them I jnjn in giving mydovoutest thaitlca'to thy Aiiniuhtr Father and ourgracious*God, who did "not overlook lost mankind ;"bat sent iliee, his only Son, to redeem us. With them I call to remembrance what thon liast done and suDcrcd fur in: thine incarnation, thy laborious life: thy bitter passion thy death nnd refurrecunii: the great deliverance thou hast thereby wrought for all mankind ; and the obligations tiiuu bast laid upon ns, 1 acknowledge and receive thee, O Jeeue, as our heavenly teacher: as our example and pattern : as our only mediator and advocate with God: and as the sovereign Judge of all mankind. With thy Church 1 join in pleading the merits ol thy all-^ufiicieut Bncrifice with tliy Eternal Father t rely upon that sacrificofor the pardon of all my sins: for the assistance of the divine grace: for deliverance from the corruption of my own nature, and from the malice and snares of the devil : for the fellowship of the Holy Ghost, and for a blessed resuiTcction: the Lord Almighty, for thy sate, being reconciled unto me. I devote my spirit, son), and body, to thee, and to thy service, besccching thee to give me graco"never wilfully to depart from thy laws. ljoin with thy Church, and plead the erits of thy sacrifice, lor all estates and onditions of men : that none may deprive hemselves of that happiness which thou liaBt purchased by thy death. For all Christian kings and governors: or all bishops and pastors, that they may reserve the sacred rights committed to their rust; For all that strive to propagate thy Gosel ; for a primitive zeal in all that tear thy Name; for aU that eit in darkness, arc in rror, or arc destitute of necessary means of instruction ; for all that sincerely seek the ruth ; for all sinners, that they may have grace and strength to break their bonds : For all that are in adversity; for all that suffer wrongfully, or that aro deprived of their juBt rights; for all that are in pain of body, or anguish of mind and spiiit; for all that ore tempted, or in danger of falling into despair ; for all that arc in slavery, under persecution, in prison, or in poverty ; for all persona aud places in distress by the sword, pestilence, and famine ;* For all that are in their last sickness, that they may omit nothing that is necessary to make their peace with God; For all widows and fatherless children; for all that eall upon fclod, and have none else to help them; For this land and this Church, that the Lord may avert the judgments which we justly deserve; For onr friends, our relations, our benefacors, and our enemies ; for all that liave deired our prayers, and for the whole mystial body of Christ -T Ceaeeohing |the Almighty Bod, the Creaor and Iiedcemer of all, U> have mercy upon ll whom He has made and redeemed, and o give auto all grace and belp, according to he necessities they labour under, for thy sake, 0 Lord Jesi:s, to whom, with the Faher and the Holy Ghost, be all honour and lory, dominion and power, for ever and ver. Amen. • We remember you in our sacrifices, and in our prayers, as reason is, and as it becomes us to think upon our brethren,—1 Macc. xii. ,->=. [Here follows alenglity appendix, wliich would occupy a large space of our journal, and. therefore decline publishing it, as the work is now printed,' complete for one shilling, and can be had at this Office, or from tiny of the Booksellers.—ED. GUARDIAN.] 