MISCELLANEOUS. Superstition in the Nineteenth Century. — On Friday and Saturday Mr. Barnett, Coroner for the Dean Forest and neighbouring districts of Gloucester shire west of the Severn, was occupied in investigating the cause of death of a child, named James Cifford, the son of a labouring man, living at Northwoodgreen, Westbury-on-Severn, in the above county. The primary cause of the child's death was his having met with an accident, and being severely burnt about the bowels, face, and hands ; but the cause of the investi- gation being prolonged arose from the circumstance of the poor child's treatment after the accident, and the facts which transpired during the investigation betrayed the existence of gross superstitious customs in this part of the country among certain classes of the population. Our readers may remember that we pub- lished an account of some superstitious observances in the Forest of Dean in cases of fire, among which was the pronouncing of an exorcism in these words - " There came three angels from the whust, The one cried fire, the other post, To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." This was supposed to effect a cure in the case of a person suffering from the effects of fire. In the pre sent case, the parents of the poor little child, instead of applying to a medical man, consulted a 'wise woman' named Hampton, who lived some two miles distant — an aged woman with one leg, and who it appears is held in high repute as a 'charmer' in the neighbour hood. This woman applied some ointment to the child's sores, but this was regarded only as a secondary means of restoration, the chief curative being supposed to exist in the performance of a charm during which the Lord's Prayer was said five times in rapid succes sion. The ignorant people who took the child to Mother Hampton expressed their conviction that she could do more good with the charm than any surgeon. A number of witnesses were examined, and there was some prevarication as to whether a certain lotion sent for was used or not. Mr. Humble, surgeon, gave his opinion, from an examination of the child after death, that the burns were of such a nature that had he been called in he should have applied such remedies as he had no doubt would have restored the child, which was a healthy one, and the burns were not very severe in the first instance, but neglect and exposure to the air —the child having been carried four miles in the open air to and from the charmer's — had rendered them fatal. The jury found, that the deceased ' died from exhaustion, neglect, and improper treatment,' and that, although there was great culpability and moral crimi nality, they were of opinion that it did not amount to a legal criminality. The Metropolitan Press. — It may be somewhat consolatory to the farmers to know that theirs is not the only unprofitable trade going in these days of competition. It has been pretty well known in ' the line,' for some years past, that two only of the London morning papers have been doing more than merely meeting their expenses, if not making a large tempo- rary loss. The two happy exceptions are, the Times and the Morning Advertiser. The latter is the pro- perty of an association, and its profits aro from 8000/. to 9000/. a- year, more than one half of which has been expended in aid of charitable institutions. It is cal culated that in the fifty-seven years during which the Advertiser has been in existence, it has contributed in this benevolent way not less a sum than 7,250,000! Competition drives on, however, and in that spirit of enterprise which characterises the London press espe cially, the Advertiser is about to be permanently enlarged, new talent is to be brought in, and a strong effort made to equal its great rivals the Times and Chronicle, though at the expense of all the profits, unless the public shall decide otherwise. — Inverness Courier. Searles, the pedestrian, has completed his task of walking a thousand miles in a thousand successive hours. He performed his last mile in seven minutes and forty- seconds, and then, to show how fresh he was, ran a quarter of a mile. He looked well, but confessed that he felt rather sleepy. Searles is about thirty years of age, and about five feet five inches in height. A Lucky Firm. — We are assured on good authority, that in the articles of rice and tobacco alone, a mercantile firm in Livorpool will this year realise £300,000, supposed to be the largest sum ever made by any mercantile house in Europe, in one year. — Liverpool Mercury. Mohamedan Defence of Christianity. — One of the remarkable ' signs of the times' is the change that has taken place in the workings of the spirit of Islamism, with regard to its political toleration and protection of Christianity. By a late account, it has even advanced to be an avenger of oppressed Christians, and has not only punished as at Aleppo, in October of last year, the fanatic shedders of our religious brethren's blood, but has indemnified the losses which they sus tained, under the savagely infatuated oppression of the Moslem. A number of the London Examiner , which gives a better and more detailed account of this affair, than any we have seen, says that in November last, Kermim Pasha the Turkish Governor of Aleppo, seized by stratagem the chiefs of the massacre in question, and when their release was demanded by 10,000 of their insurgent followers, in arms, he charged them with 4,000 of the Imperial cavalry, and routed them with a great slaughter. All the property of the rebels, of whom 1,800 were slain, was to be appropriated to repair the private losses sustained by the Christians, at their hands, but more particularly to the reconstruction of the three churches destroyed by them. The Old Jesuit Missionaries in India. — They assumed the character of Brahmans of a superior caste from the Western World ; they took the Hin doo names, and conformed to the heathen customs of this haughty and exclusive race, producing, in sup port of their pretensions, a deed forged in ancient characters, to show that the Brahmans of Rome were of much older date than the Brahmans of India, and descended in an equally direct line from Brahma himself. They composed a pretended Yeda, in which they sought to insinuate the doctrines of Christianity in the language and phraseology of the sacred books of the Hindoos. They wore the cavy, or orange robe peculiar to the Saniasses, tho fourth, and one of the most venerated sections of the Brahmanical caste. They hung a tiger's skin from their shoulders, in imitation of Shiva ; they abstained from animal food, from wine, and certain prohibited vegetables ; they performed the ablutions required by the Shasters ; they carried on their foreheads the sacred spot of sandal-wood powder, which is the distinctive emblem of the Hindoos; and in order to sustain their as- sumed character to the utmost, they affected to spurn the Pariahs, and lower castes who lay no claim to the same divine origion with the Brahmans. In car- rying out this system, the Jesuits not only contended that they were justified in the employment of such means by the sanctity of the object they were to ac complish, but they derived encouragement and faci lity from the many points of resemblance presented by the religion of their own church, as compared with the practices of the idolatry which they came to overthrow. They introduced the dancers of the Brahmanical rites into the ceremonial of the church ; and, in fine, by a system of mingled deception and conformity, and a life of indescribable privation, they succeeded in superseding the authority and the in fluence of the Franciscans throughout Southern India, and enlisting multitudes nominal converts to the Church.— Tennent's Christianity in Ceylon. 