-T CORRESPONDENCE. LETTEB No. H. Mr Cheat-em again.-Mr Stow.-The League. TO THE EDITOR OF THE M SOUTH AUSTRALIAN." SIB,-Mr Cheat-em has again exhibited him* io the columns of the " Dismal"-but he h already broken down. He has entirely failed establish those points with which he so valiant set ont. He design eil, while perhaps dreaming of theatre to set fire to the Church of England with a red-h poker; but having mistaken the wrong end, he li; burnt himself. It is almost a work of supererog tion to comment on the latest absurdities of th furious advocate of the principles of the League nevertheless, if his object is merely a yearning' i emerge from obscurity, I have no objection to giv h¡m " a lift,'" with the indulgence of a small spac in your wide spread journal. Some preachers, whose " cue" it is rather i please than to edify their gapin» listeners, upc whose pleasure they are dependent for their dail bread, are in the habit of quoting passages froi Scripture, and attributing to them meanings quit contrary to their common-sense significatioi Thus Mr Cheat-em quo es, as a reason why ther should be no distinctions of rank in the Christia ministry, the words of our Saviour, *' Ye know tba the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion ovc them, and they that are great, they exercise anthe rity upon them ; but it shall not be so among you -which evidently implies that mere worldly rank i not to confer, or be the measure of religious dis Unction. But he omits to quote the other passage " He that is least among you, the same shall bi greatest,*' declaring positively some shall be greate than others. Does the learned, astute Mr Cheat em, know the origin and signification of the nara« " Paul ;* the least and last of the apostles, whi became as one of the "chiefest?" Was not St Paul greater than Timothy, to whom he presumet to gire precepts and commandments? and was no Timothy himself greater than the ministers whoa he had authority to ordain or reject ? MrC eat-em charges the Church of Englanc with being "highly sectarian, intolerant, malicious uncharitable, bigoted, persecuting, oppressive." Ai well, and as justly, might 1 lay to the charge oí Mr Cheat-em, the absurdities of the notorious Mi Bare-bones and his parliament. As well might Mr Che?t-em accuse the twelve apostles with vil lainy, because one of them was Judas Iscariot. iv hat. Mr Cheat-em. becomes of your charge ol ** intolerance," when, as you yourself admit, th« Church of England is split itself into Beveral sects, of diverse shades of opinion, which co-exist witboul either being allowed t-» trample upon the others ! Are yon not dreaming of the ghosts of Bonner, Laud, and Barebones? and are you not also mis representing obsolete sermons as laws actually in mice ? Pray, Mr Cheat-em, let us hear whoa and where you have been the victim of the intolerance and malice of the uncharitable Church of England ? How have you been persecuted and oppressed? Take my advice, Ur Cheat-em-deal not in oppro brious, rash, and venomous language, which the cause of truth repudiates. Search deeper,-study history and general principles much more than you hare hitherto done. Seek to acquire more logical habits ; learn even the elements of logie, if yon have hitherto neglected to do so. Pray sincerely to be enlightened ; dive honestly and boldly into the Scriptures - which you never can do while you are buoyed np and kept swimming by the inflated bladders of sectarian prejudice. Do all this, and then-but not till then-come forth again as a public teacher of Troth ! Mr Stow has published several propositions oa the subject of State aid to religion. Before enter eng into a discussion with so great and respected aa authority, I would ask Mr Stow a few questions for my own and the general enlightenment. In what part of scripture can we find our Sa viour's rule for the propagation of the GoBpeL condemnatory of the " South Australian Grant in aid?" Where is it stated, that that which is the duty of humble individuals ceases to be the duty of men when they get into power? Where is the precise Une of distinction between truth and error laid down ? Did Watts and Bunyan propagate error, or truth, or both ; and if both, what exact proportion of each ? What amounts of truth and error, respectively, were propagated by Luther, Knox, Hass, Ken, Butler, Paley. Fenelon, Wesley, Newton, Watson, James, Whately, Pusey, Paget, Abbott, and as many others of various sects, whom Mr Stow may thiuk proper to include ? Will Mr Stow favor, the public with a balance sheet of troth and error of the various denomi nations on the Dr. and Cr. principle. After having been furnished by Mr Stow, or any agent he may appoint, with a business-like state ment of these particulars, I will undertake to argue the matter with him, as a sound basis will then be formed. There are two or three points on which I should like to be enlightened by any of the GBEAT GUNS of the League ; perhaps Mr Timothy Short, or the tanner, or the grinder, or even the candle maker, would undertake to do so;-for I fear Mr Stow, has already more on his hands in preparing the above-named balance-sheet than he can comfort ably get through. Much has been said about the promiscuous sup port of truth aud error. Why is our Heavenly j Father said to cause his rain to fall alike upon the i jost and unjust ? J Do we distrust the Providence of God t 1 i IWhy are the tares and the wheat Buffered io grow together u 'til the time of harvest? Why did our Saviour authorise tis disciples t< p»y willing tribute to Caesar, knowing that a por tion of the proceeds would go to support Paganistt and idolatry ? Why does the rain fall upon the sea ? Mr Stow says the grant has tended to establish the Romish religion Now, if the League théorie? be soond, that State aid paralyses the vitality, and destroys zeal in religion, how can Mr Stow's asser tion be virtually, and in effect, true? But if, on the contrary, the grant has really so beneficial an effect on those who have accepted it, why have nol Messrs Stow and Giles's party availed themselves of it? Why have they suffered EBBOB to be propagated, and wilfully rejected the same means of promul gating truth f One would think they care not how many perish, so that they themselves, as they fancy, are saved ! Messrs Stow and Giles say that the grant has destroyed the peace of the religious community ! Has not the peace been rather disturbed by its factious and self-willed opponents? The former peace was in truth the peace of infidelity ! of ignorance ! of death ! The League can be considered as nothing else but a bigoted attempt to impede salutary legis lation ; and it will stand forth, in days to come, as a memorable example of what folly ! what ab sordity ! what wickedness ! human nature is capable of when led away by sectarian prejudice, and party spirit. Before rey next, Sir, andi trust final letter. I hope I shall receive the answers to the queries contained in thh and a former communication, and also any NEW arguments the leaders of the Forlorn Hope may be able to adduce. Respectfully, H. HANDERS. Monday, 1st June, 1851. _^_ 