MR. WELL'S DISCLAIMER OF IN FIDELITY. To the Editor of the Daily Times. Sir—On the system of fair play I beg you will allow me to make a few remarks throngh your pa per, on a letter signed Geo. Wells, which appeared in your issue of the 19th inst., and subsequently in the Weekly Times of Saturday last. On a former occasion I had to complain of Mr Wells for not con5? fining himself to facts, without descending to vitu peration or personalities, for I consider one fact worth a thousand hard names. As to the expressions, " untrue—slander—lie— fool—horse thief—base calumnies—enemies," &c.f; it would be inappropriate to call them "untrue," or even "lies," or "slander," they are to my mind simply stupid expressions, and I should be as great a blunderer as Mr Weils, if 1 took further notice of them. In the Mercury and Sporting Chronicle of the 12th of April last will be found a correct report, of a discussion which took place between Mr Wells and myself, on the night of the 7th April at Gepp's Gross; on that night there was a meeting of Mr Giles's friends there, and that gentleman attended for the purpose of explaining his political creed. Mr 'Wells was chairman of the meeting. Imme diately after Mr Giles withdrew, the discussion above alluded to took place. -It is scarcely neces sary for me to frespass on your columns by recapitu lating the same facts over again, as they have been widely disseminated, not only through the press, but on printed hand-bills or placards, which havo been circulated through the masses. At that meefc* ing Mr Weils called the Bible a profane wicked and immoral book, and referred to some passages in the Old and New Testament to prove it such. He also denied the Deity and personality of the Son of God, and said he would vote for the Devil ^provided he was opposed to grants irraid reli gion. In a letter addressed by Mr Wells to the Mercury and Sporting Chronicle of the 26th April, he acknowledges having used the latter expression, and considers the devil a very respectable individ ual. He also, in the same letter, virtually and tacitly admits all that was published with regard to him in the Mercury of the 12th of April, for he denies nothing, but calls me a traitor for having published it. Mr Wells says that " much of what has been said and written of him is absolutely un true." Why does Mr Wells use such ambiguity of speech? Why does he not name the particular sentiment or expression charged to him which is "absolutely untrue"? At Gepp's Cross he called the bible a " profane, wicked, and immoral book," and denied the deity of Jesus Christ. In his letter to the Times he calls' himself a christian and a member of the Episcopal chinch, but repudiates the scriptural interpretation of that church. Again, in the same letter, he de nies that he spoke loosely at Gepp's Cross on the subject of religion, for that he cannot and will not subscribe to everything contained in the Old Tes tament, for " much of it is neither matter of re ligion nor history," and he hopes " not matter of fact." I never saw such a display of consistency before in my life. Sunt quidam homines non te sed nomine. Mr Wells charges Captain Hall's Committee, with publishing his sentiments. I can fearlessly assert that Captain Hall's Committee, or a single member of it, with the exception of myself, had neither, hand, act, or part, in any of the publications with regard to Mr Wells. Neither had the " papists " anything to do with the publication of them; and I think Mr Well's gratuitous attack on them is quite in keeping with his latitudinnrian principles. I am afraid, like Mr Giles, his talk about religious liberty is ail moon shine. I cannot see why Major O'Halloran's name should have been dragged into this controversy. Major O'Halloran is a gentleman by birth, educa tion, and profession. He is also a soldier who has fought and bled for his country. He is now an ornament to the province of South Australia, and a most useful member of society; and if Mr Wells knew his place he would not abuse such a man— but that is a little display of Mi'Wells's civil liberty creed. Mr Wells thinks the Bible is not a lit book to place in the bands of children. I cannot help smiling at his consistency ; he claims the privilege not only of thinking for himself, but also fur others. Fortunately however for our dear children, we think differently with Mr Wells, and we will place the Bible in their hands and train them up in its blessed precepts. With regard to colleges, I differ as in other matters with Mr Wells, I should bo sorry to send a son of mine to Oxford, to have the Bible explained to him, neither would I place him nnder the tuition of Doctor Pnsey, or any other doctor holding his views ; I wonld rather trust him to one of those simple men that Mr Wells calls " fools !" Certainly I mn^t say, that Mr Wells passes a very high encomium on the schoolmasters of South Australia. He possesses greater erudition and deeper discernment than 1 can give him credit for, to have made the wonderful discovery that they are all fools.' 1 happen to be one of those " fools" myself, and I have the boldness to say notwithstanding, that the greatest tool amongst ns has much more wisdom and is not half as great a " foal" as the " fool of a scholmuster" who tanght Mr Wells to call the Bible a profane, wicked, and immoral book," to deny, the deity of Jesus Christ, and to coll " the devil a. very respectable individual," even although that fool of a schoolmaster should be Tom Paine or die infidel Garble. . Mr Wells talked of his personal enemies,I can say with confidence and truthfully that I am not one of them. I could forgo much to see Mr Wells sitting at the feet of Jesus, and in hi- right mind; the door of mercy is open, and he may enter, Jesos savs to him, " Come." Mr Wells assures us, that he will not again in trude himself as a correspondent in the columns of unewspaperon this question, and I agree with Mr Wells on this one point, that it is high time-he gave np the Ghost. Your obedient servant, L. £GAN, 