tHE mill di? At Poll's glent.- ' ?-..,. C After Ossian, by Punch. J Why is the peeper of Atholl closed ? Wherefore is the eye of Strange surrounded \- . with a ring of purple ? It is the print of the Southern knuckle — the first-mark of the Cambridge Under ? graduate, heavy-handed bruiser. Cambridge Undergraduate, bruiser of the heavy hand, wherefore didst thou darken the eye of Strange ? Why bungedst thou up the peeper of Atholl ? The autumn winds were singing the coronach of the summer in Glen Tilt. A moaning as of no end of ghosts, swept through the hollow glen. There, with the red and brown leaves falling around him, stood the Chief of Clan Atholl, with a party of ladies and gentlemen. Shrouded in the mist of the distance coraeth Sandy Mac Jaren. With him behold two stranger form a approaching. Onward they coine, ?with the sturdy tramp of youth ; stout are the cudgels which they grasp in their ner .. vous fists. Mo, there, ye that range unbidden the Glen of Tilt ! Halt, ye wanderers from the land of cockney ! Stand, ye jumpers of the counter! We are no jumpers of the counter ; no wanderers are we from the land of cockney. We c°me from the meadows that are watered by the Cam — from the abodes where learn ing dwelleth in her colleges and hall3. Thither journey we on this beaten track. And who the deuce art thou that hinderest us ? Ken ye not the Chief of Clan Atholl — the tourist baffling Duke of the impassible glen1? . For the Chief of Atholl's Clan we care not a dump; the Duke of the impassible glen we value not at a farthing. We have passed the Asses-bridge, wherefore should \ye not cross the glen ? Chief of Clau Atholl, get out of the way ! Duke of the impassible glen, stand out of the sunshine! Fire flashed from the eye of Atholl ; wrath blazed from the countenance of Strange. By the collar he seized the fore most youth. Back! Return by the way thou earnest. Back, or, by the beard of my ten thousand ancestors, ye shall rue the day ! Back, I ..say, on your lives, ye sons of Granta ! Unhand me, Chief of Clan Atholl, or who ever thou art! Unhand me, I nay, or I will punch thine head. Thou wilt not ? No ? Here goeth then ; take that for thyself. Together they rushed ; the son of Granta and Chief of Clan. Atholl. Furious was the Chief, and wild and aroused was the undergraduate's monkey. Blow was ex changed for blow, lunge for lunge, slash for slash ; heavy was the countering, and the knocks resounded. Loud shouted the gentlemen, shrill were the screams of the ladies. ' The Chief was overcome with fury, and hit all abroad. Wary was the Cantabri gian youth, well trained on the pie isant banks of the Cam to encounter in stand -up mill the. brawny bargee. Sharp fell the stinger on the proboscis of Strange ; fast fbwed the claret from the conk of Atboll. One', two, were planted on the Optics of the Chief-— 'darkness swam before him ; then fell a stunner on his ducal frontispiece, and he wa3 doubled up by a finisher in the breadbasket. He staggered — he fell into the arms of his faithful henchman — even the arms of Sandy Maclareu. To the rescue, Donald of the tufted chin ! Roderick of the red moustachios, to the help of your Chief 1, Hamish of the pipes — Dougal the breekless — claymore for Clan Atholl ! The eight hands of the four bold grooms are at once on the collar of the Sassenach. As many more grasped the coat tails of hia companion — The Heelandmen were braw. From before the bruised face of their chieftain they drag away the sons of Granta. Mourn : for ecchymosis encircles the ogle of Strange 1 Lament : for the visual urgan of Atholl is darkened ! Raise the sound of wail upon a thousand bagpipes ! Closed is the eye of him who would close Glen Tilt to the traveller. Contusion sits ou the brow of the chieftain ; the coun tenance of the Duke beareth marks of punishment ! The Pro-Tra.nsporta.tion Petition of last Year.— We understand that Sir Charles Fitz Roy has received a despatch from Earl Grey, said to be in answer to a .petition addressed to his Lordship by the squatters of the northern districts, and for warded to England in April last year — praying for the resumption of transporta tion to these parts. The despatch has not yet been made public, but it is said to be a very brief one, and to the effect that his Lordship could not entertain the application in any other manner than by referring it to the Legislative Council of the colony. — Moreton Bay Courier, March 8, 