LOUIS PHILIPPE. Tit: following review of the charaoter and career of thelate King of the Frenchis abridged frols the London Examiner. It appears to us to give the true view of the causes whiceh led to the Re Ivolution of 1848: "Tho worst of all systems of government is perhaps that of Elective, Monarchy. An:: here ditary-monarch, with a law he is bound to respect, and a constitution enabling him to make use of the wisdom and exierience,' as iellnas to consult the will of'his people, lins been fouiid to answer admirably ; 'The eleited chief of . repiublie is a kind of executivL6 ihich lhis not been'so fully triedl, but which' et'lian. beeni tried with greatand signal success. But an electiveo monaresy brought Poland to the ,rave; .and in France, where for half.a century kings have been virfually eleetive, and where the present chief of the Republic is by podirion and pretensions, as well as by feeling, muonarchiec, it as produced results the reverse of satisfactory. If Lotus hilippe had ascended the tlhrone as rightful.heir of an ancientmonarchy, he would in all probability haveo been a great and not un popular sovereign. He would not then have been immersed in the petty anxieties of "a famnily, inor betrayed by those household cares'of over anxiety and over greediness for his children which led him into such baseness, and procured for him so tmuch contempt. No man could be more totally unfitted than Louis Philijipe, "hweVoer, to fulfil the promtises and satisfy the expectations by which ho was elo. yated to.the throne. , Hel was raised therne in the first ipostance by a knot of Liberal politicians, who doubly risked their lives, holpes, and fortunes in his behalf; first by tcoonplishing the dethrone sient of the legitimate dynasty, and tlioe by dc ceiing tho'people into the belief that they were installinga truly populs:r and liber i. monarch., So soon, however, did Louis l'Philippe show min trust of the men who made him king, and so im nmtediately did he embark in a secret and general reactionaary poeliev, thliat it is impossible not to consider his conduet throughout the Revolution of 1830 aus a piece of the most consummate hev pocrisy. Wlhilet assenting on the one halnd to 11l the poatpular declarations o fLt afayetite and lafitte, hie was sending the Duke do 3iortemnrt to St. Petersburg to assure the liEmperor that nothinug would be changedl, anid that hlie would merely keep the sent warm fir his more legitimate cousins. W\hat he said to England,or what induced a Toury Government so speedily to recognise him, remaita a secret for the time. . The first .nquality which the French had after wards to reergnise min the self-chosen king was ingratitmle. A fortnight haiul not elapsed before luflitto found himself a Primi Miinister only in mifime. lie resigned; and the unhappy king mal:er, left to beggary and ruin, served merely to point the moral of a vaudeville. Nothing makules more impression on a people than the treatmenti by monarchls of their friends. It is amusing to hear the knot of politicians who spent years in libelling and degrading (we say not with injustice the repuitation of Louis Plhi lippe, now expressin, wonder at the burst of popular execration which dethroned him. It was they, themselves, who sowed the seeds of popular disattetion Their language it was that l.a:l hopelessly disecedited the old man. The'revolution of 1818 is by some of these mode rate htstorians now attributed to the audacity of communist sections, or to'thebo pistol of Legrango whereas thu tiibt is, thati thie nconmprisinio hatred to Louis Philippo whichl drew theo mieni into his palace, was but the ellect and oonsequence of the obloquy castuponuhimn by the uppelur-chss of writing and talking politicians. It weas the great mistake of Lotdis Philippeo,as it was of Napoleon, that. he forgot " the p"eople and left them out.ofaccount. They were so easily gulled in 1830, and crslshed with suhi. facility iite.wards, that Louis Philippe believed the ghost of popular insurrection.to be for ever laid, nor did lie, seet even tr; contemplate thepossi bility of its resurrection till it suddenly appeared upon his threshold, . His sole care and anxiety, all his lprecaution and all his regards wereo directed to the politician chlass,.both in his own capitaland .in the capitals of other countries. Thliese lie cajoled, tueso he neutralised, these he intrigued against. On them lie exerted all his address, utterly forget-ing the far nmore neces srtrv act of cajoling and w:uning public opinion. This latter might not have been so difficult for him as the other was. Indeed his lamented son, the Duke of Orleans, had mude himself popular; and howuever inferior in capacity to his father, the yoiungPrince had shown an intuitive sense of what was: necessary for his position and his prospects. But with himn perished the hope of the dynasty; which .it was clear to every one, save to those most concerned, that Louis 1?hiliplpe would at. last thoroughly depopularise, and so uproot. It could not have survived his life, if it happened to last so long. " This belief had be comne irresistible. It was in the very atmosphere. Frenacht history of;thiese later days thus happily goes far to discredit and destroy a belief wee tear buttoo:weneral in France, tat address is everything towards liolitical success, and heiesty. or generosity of purpose nothing. Within the last half-eentury, France has exhibited the ex amples of two painces, both of first-rate talent,: both of first-rate selfishness, and of utter con. tempt for principles and for men. Yet to what did the great genius of the one, the great expe rience, and sagacity of the other, lend-but to the santoe end-the sudden fill and.utter destruc tion of their reign, their policy, their schemes. The Grleuns and. Bonapartean families were swept away like a puck .of cards, because both, to secure their- selfish ends, were in the habit of of sacrificing evervtdingu -their friends, their. country, their principles. It wias the most.na tural and the most salutary. ioiin of revenge that men vnd things should conspire to work their well-deservedaand retributive ruin. f 