The Song of the Coursers. BY TIII: Dut-»». .« To soe » man'» face,, when » cour/.o lie's just iron, Ami'ditto, when ho'* just lost . The ono ls ns bright ns a mldmrntnor's sun, Tho other's ss black us a front," HASNAI.I.. 1. When oaeh thnrongh-hred, in his warm winter bed. Is cozily d roa ming of penco ; When MAHSON mid NAT havo again run to fat, And can dare look u goose in the face; When the Imnr-froxt glistens, and tho red fox listens i To the whimper that bodes a crash brewing ; j Thon put springs in your hips, and your dog« in tho »lips, _ I For coursing lins charms worth the wooing. ClIOIIL'H. j 'Tis our heartfelt pride, with our dogs nt our side, ' Long tho stubbles mid fallows to go ; ! And to spy a bravo jack, with hisearswell back, . Shooting ntf M hen he hears tho " So-no !'' i IL Ju nt show me the mau who swears thnt he can See a course tried, and not feel a relish : Love of such sport alone moved the pinv-flix STOXK* DANIEL LiMBi'.riT to challenge *' Tnr. MELLISH ;" And »as '. weight will tell," ho floored tho COIONKI,, O'er li s much belov'd Lincolnshire ; And that evening drank from a bowl, like a tank - To .' The Eat »Arr. OUT OT TUB Fina !" Chorus, Ac. nr. L'jt our judge bea hawk as to eyes ¡ never baulk. But tako fences like " BLACK TOM ' and MK VIM. ! As deaf as n post, nnd na mute ns a ghost. And scour 'cross tho flat like tho devil : Tho points for our Bench are a go-bye, and wrench, A rick, a finit turu, and a UH ; Their robes aro deep red ; all their law's in their head, And their dignity's test is a spill. Chorus, »te. IV. -Each such Baron's decision knows not a " re- vision," Ench a Westminster judge puts to shame ; Threo minutes a case is his average pace, When his suitors are onco on their game: Let th'ti se courts take :i wrinkle and thus in a twinl.le, Judgo 'twixt bipeds ns ho betwixt brutes : For in both (excuso pun that's a right ancient ono.) Tho heirs raise no end of disputes. Chorus, «be. V. Their assizes they'll hold on a heath, field, or wold. From Land's End to canny Aberdeen ; And to soe their slippers kcop in hand a braco of " clippers." Is worthy of Landseer. I ween : From October their term lasts to March, when tho germ Of thc wheat is beginning tn sprout. When tho trees teom with buds, and used up hunting studs Are sick of tho huntsman's shout. Choi us, Ac. VI. Tho Greeks know well how once in tho Pen OPBNKSUK, their AIUIIAN sago Put hi» gazeliound " HonMit" into first-rate form. And his deeds wrolo on History's pago : QuF.n.v HKSS and her Court, in their love of thc sport. To " A GnAitAM" himself didn't yield. And she badu ho churl, hut proud Nonroi.K's EAnt., ll raw up counting laws for the Acid. Chorus, Ac. VII. Wtix StiAKAPnARF., I wist, could never resist The glance of a pot " long-tail ;" Ho'd throw up hi» book, and hie forth with his crook, To find liini n liare on COTSAMI :f Miss ANN IticiiArcfist too, dearly loved tho Halloo : Oft nt ASHDOWN, ns chronicles say, Sho dismissed her conch-and six, and wont it liko bricks As a heater tho livelong day. Chorus, ¿o. VIII. No moro near the AVON,§ Lords linens .and CnAvnx Match their cracks; nor docs OnFoup, still keener, Urgo his old piebald horso across NRWM.inKr.T Course, And tn victory cheer his CZAIIINA ; Though of them Fate bereft us, a Stradbroke is left us, And a SKrtox, who nevor will tiro : And though turf hides tho nob of S.NOWIIAI.L mid Ki sn Con, Wo'vo Hill Fonr.»iosT and KK.NTISH FUIE. Chorus, Ac. IX, . Then " IIMD LIKU A SNAKK AND NRCK UKK A DnAKR !" To proposo ns a toast, TM fain : And wo'll not forgot our throats to wot lu its honour, with punch ar champagne : May tho inorning'u light find yourselves "nil right" Liko HOIII.N Hoof's " morrie men :" And permit your bard to quoto from tho card " Tun Doos IN TIIK SLITS AT TUN." Chorus, ito. 