KOORINGA ELECTION. [From a Correspondent.] According to advertisement, the adjourned meeting of the Burra electors was held on Monday, March 3, at the Hurra Hotel, at 7 o'clock in the evening. It having become known that W. Lane. Esfl.. had accented the requisition presented to him on Saturday, and that U. fe. Kingston, h.sq., had arrived, the whole, or nearly the whole male adult population of the Townships attended the meeting, the large room at the hotel being crammed. The worthy Magistrate's reception was most enthusiastic. Dr Bull '^opened the meeting by taking thc~chair and calling on gentlemen to propose the candidates. W. R. Mortlock, Esq., after a short speech, proposed Willliani Lang, Esq., as a worthy candidate for election. Mr. John 'Wiltshire, in a sensible and forcible speech, sc - Condcd the proposition. William Paxton, Esq., after thanking the electors for the honour they had done him in requesting nimto stand, pro posed G. S. Kingston, Esq. This was seconded by H. Chambers, Esq. G. S. Kingston, Esq., as the first candidate in the field, having been called on for a declaration of his principles, de ferred to Mr. Lang's claim on the ground of seniority. Mr. Lang having been called upon mounted upon the table, and most ably expounded his political views, which, being extremely liberal, elicited great applause. Mr. Kingston commenced his speech by observing that he was not aware of any conduct of his which could be deserving of their disapprobation, and alluded to a placard he had seen in which reference was made to a ' purse-proud Burra Director.' He declared that insinuation as respected himself was absolutely without foundation, and that he was much pained at seeing it. His principles were nearly the same as those of Mr. Lang; and that, notwithstanding the way in which he had been received, he hoped }'et to be the representative for Kooringa. After a rather stormy discussion between the ministers of religion who were present, relative to the Government grant in aid of religion, which both the candidates were utterly opposed to, the show of hands was taken, and decided to be in favour of Mr. Lang by a large majority. This Announcement was received with vociferous cheering, and three cheers having been given for the Chairman, tho meeting broke up. The greatest excitement appears to prevail, and a com mittee, comprising most of the tradesmen of the township, has been formed to secure the return of Mr. Lang free of expense, he having declared that he will not canvass a single voter or spend a single shilling on his clectioa. The Anti-Transportation Memorials. — The active Secretary has informed us that up to this day these petitions have received from Adelaide and the suburbs 10,200 signatures. We wish that a portion of the earnest ness now displayed may have a favourable effect on tho subscriptions necessary for carrying out the objects of tho memorials. The Theatre.— Mr. Morton King made his bow last evening in the new theatre as Hamlet. The house was crowded, and all who were attracted by a previous acquain tance with Mr. King's ability as an actor, as well as those who had for the first time an opportunity to compare his performance with his reputation, had the satisfaction to find his nowers unimpaired, and that he enjoyed no exaggerated credit as a tragedian. The play was remarkably well got up ; the performers generally were correct in their respective parts; and the scenic arrangements beautifully appropriate. Coppin's Polonius has long been with us a 'favourite per formance, and his Gravedigger is as telling as any actor couM make it. Lazar stalked through the Ghost most im pressively; and we observed many a moistened eye as Mrs. Moore warbled touchingly the ' wayward fancies ' of poor OpJielia. At the fell of the curtain the audience called for Mr. King, who, in returning his acknowledgments, took occasion to say that he would most positively perform only five nights more, and that his next appearance would be as 6 laude Mdnotte in the ' Lady of Lyons.' Madame Allen's CoNCERT.-^It will be perceived on reference to our advertising columns, that Madame Francesca Allen intends giving a concert at the Exchange Rooms next Wednesday evening. As a proof that this lady deserves support, we extract the following from a recent number of the Sydney Morning Herald:—' It is always with pleasure that we welcome the dtibut of a new canta tnee at our musical reunions, and that of Madame Allen on Friday evemrfg was in all respects a happy one. In the first place, the fair ben^ficiare had an excellent and fashion able audience, and her performances were very warmly greeted. Madame Allen is certainly an acquisition to the musical world of Sydney, as we have no doubt she will become a very meritorious performer, possessing as she undoubtedly does very great physical capabilities. Her voice is a fine rich soprano of great power, and her personal appearance is much in her favour. On the whole, we do not recollect to have ever seen so very excellent a concert in Sydney/' 