(From our own Correspondent.) GOULBURN CIRCUIT COURT. Avtit'ST t), 1851. ( Before Mr. Justice Dickinson.) Spencer Trill and Edward Clement were ar- raigned on un information which charged them with stealing, at Lake George, on tho 4th August, one ox, the goods and chattels of Michael Gorman. It appeared that Gorman had a small herd of cattle running at Lake George, and that about five days previous to thc day mentioned in the in- formation ho missed a bullock from tho run, branded MGH on thc ribs and 5 on thc shoulder. On tho 4th instant lie, in company with Constable Kirk, proceeded with a search warrant to the hut of one Jesse Hold, near .Collector. On arriving there, they found the front door bolted, mid it was not until tho constable had called out three times that thc prisoner Trill opened it ; the other prisoner was in tho room at the time. Kirk asked thu former when lie had slaughtered last. Trill said, tho day before yesterday. On asking to seo tho hide, Kirk was taken outside and shewn thc hide of n calf by the prisoner Trill, which had been killed a fortnight before. Kirk told Trill that tho hide was not of a beast slain two days before. They then went insido tho house again, and, on passing by a skillion at the rear, tho con- stable observed some fresh meat lying there. Op going in lie found tho greater part of thc carcase of a beast which had been recently killed, and in the corner was a hide with a piece cut out ; thc colour of thc hair corresponded with that of tho beast lost by Gorman. Kirk asked Trill for tho piece, and also tho head ; Trill said ho might find it tho best way ho could. The piece was found, but on its being tried in the hole in tho bide, it did not exactly lit. ' Trill said that the bullock to which the hide belonged was branded M.C. M.C., and belonged to a child of Jesse Hold. Tho head of the beast was not forthcoming. The hide was exhibited to the jury, also thc piece which bore a brand like M G. lt was contended for tho defence, that if tho prisoner, who was an illiterate man, had taken thc beast under the impression that it belonged to Jessie Hold, when he was a hired servant ; after act of his could render him liable for a larceny ; had ho killed the beast under tiic im Íircssion that it was Mrs. Hold's property, and laving discovered afterwards that it was not hers, no conviction could bo instituted under the present indictment, as if' Was for u living beast, ' and not'" a carcase lie was charged with stealing. It was urged that there was a remarkable probability that thc beast was talion in mistake the number of letters in both Gorman mid Hold's brand being tho same, an ignorant person, like thc prisoner might very easily fall into a mistake. Thc learned Judge having summed up, Tho jury retired and after a brief absence returned into court with n verdict of guilty against Trill and not guilty against Clement. Tho latter was ¡inmediately discharged, and thc former was sentenced to live years' hurd labour on thc roads. This case concluded tho Spring Sittings of the Circuit Court. There were no civil cases. Twp SOUTHERN EMOTIONS.-»Dr. Sherwin has issued a large placard, addressed to tho electors of tho western division of thc county of Camden. In it, ho gives extracts from that part of Mr. Jamos Macarthur's evidence beforo thc Parlia- mentary Committee, which refers to the insigtl cane'e of Berrima,¿ind its inuduptibility as a placo for holding Circuit Courts. Tho Doctor is u cunning mau,'mid well lenows \ho ' chord on which to strike. ;Thc removal bf tlie Assizes has long been tho source of grievance amongst thc Bcrr/maitcs/niid doubtless they will strain every nervo to return a member who will exert himself to rc-seenro'to them thc advantages which ariso to a community from tho prcsncc of thc para- phernalia of tho highest Court of Criminal Jus- tice. Sir. Macarthur will find iu .tho person of Dr. Sherwin a vigorous opponent, well supported by a largo number of tho middling classes re- siding about Berr'nnii, Mittagong, Sutton Forest, ko' Should tiic Doctor be returned wedo not think thcro is much chniice pf his succeeding in get- ting tho Circuit Court transferred back to its old locality.' ' Dr. Nicholson luis issued Iiis address tis' the electors of Argyle, and on tho question of transportât ioju dcclurcs, like Mr. Wentworth, that tho discovery ol'gold in Aus- tralia luis so altered tito state of circumstances that lie would not' uaw submit to tho introduction of folon labour. Mr. T. A. Murray's address to tlie electors of tho Southern Boroughs lins not yet appeared^ but. wo all know him to bo a .right thinker on all tho great questions of .colonial polity. King and Georgiana are yet a-begging for a member. Should no other candidate come forward, we hear that Mr. D. H. Thom, of Bris- bane Grove, will offer himself to tho constituency. Ho is a young man, unknown to fame, and would not in'our opinion bo in any way a desirable ac- quisition to tho Legislativo Council. He is in favour of Pentonville emigration, and busied himself, a twelvemonth ago, in getting up a pro transportation petition in Argyle,' to which 85 names were attached ; tho anti-transportation one being 1200 !! Although'Dr. Alick Osborne liius announced his intention of standing for Murray and St. Vincent, ho has not got tho ghost of a cilanco of sitting for that electoral district': if ho ever liad ono, it has been destroyed by'his absurd address to tho electors. Mr. Charles Campbell will poll twenty to ".one. TJicro is no other election news to communicate, and as for other intelligence thcro is none. 