CONTRIBUTIONS FROM HOME. No. XLVI. JUST in proportion as New South Wales feels | herself independent of British legislation, will she be indifferent about British politics. You cannot, therefore, feel as much interest in our present ghost of a Whig Government, as you would have done before you obtained your New Constitution. Still you have not so entirely obtained all your political rights, as to make you regard our present condition, with merely the abstract contemplation you would bring to Russia, or to Austrian politics. Of the resignation of the Whig Ministry ; of the sending for Lord Stanley ; of the inability of that nobleman to form an administration; of the royal interviews with Lord Aberdeen, Sir James Graham, and the Duke of Wellington, and of the final i einstation of Lord John Russell in power, you will have read in the daily papers. After the long interval of no-Government, the administration are just as they were in persons and numbers, but very different in strength. Lord John Russell's Government is now like a child's house built with cards. Breathe upon it, and it will fall into ruins at any moment. In nothing was this fact ever more clearly exhibited, than in the voluntary withdrawal of Mr Baillie's notice of motion the other evening,, touching Lord Torrington and the Governor- ship of Ceylon. Lord John Russell seemed almost to cry across the table, as he begged the unfortunate Mr. Baillie to declare what he intended to do ? Baillie, unwilling, I suppose, to have the murder of the administration on his soul, and evidently sharing in the general horror of a General Election, more especially whilst all the " surrenders" are here, threaten- ingly declined for the present to prosecute, and so, for one term, Ministers have escaped. But what an escape ! What a novelty in British politics, to find the first Minister of the Crown rising in his place and asking Baillie for existence. " ignominious," cries the Times. " The sneaks," shouts the John Bull. " To what depths of degradation, will not the Whigs descend?" is the burthen of the late ministerial song; whilst most of the people out of doors quietly observe, " There is an end of ruling by families, but the Whigs won't see , it." It is astonishing however with what a fine instinct the writer? of the Times" almost invariably discover, and act upon, the prevail- ing set of opinion, amongst the middle classes If you have read that journal with any degree of attention, you will have seen in late articles suggestions to Lord John that he must widen the basis of his Government, if he would give it strength that the Family Compact system of governing will not work in these days of new social forces, and interests, and that he ought to attach to himself by ties of office, some of the supporters of the policy of the late Sir Robert Peel. All this circumlocution of the Times, may be translated into one short sentence. " If you would be a strong Government, you must take in Cobden, and some of his free trade party." Cobden, however, is evidently so bitter a pill to the Family Compact men, that they will undergo almost any human | station before they will swallow it. I believe that Punch is almost the only publication which has boldly mentioned the word " Cobden, and then only to speculate " whether it I was Cobden's umbrella that was seen in the corner at Buckingham Palace the other day." Meanwhile, Out of doors, as the Times well knows, meet no more doubt that Cobden, Hume, &c;, will be members of the next last- ing administration, than they doubt that the sun will rise to-morrow morning. Do not imagine that the Whig antipathy to Cobden and his party is founded solely upon the fact that they are Radicals. Lord John was a Radical when he wrote his celebrated Free Trade letter to the Electors of London and that noble lord is likewise known to hold very radical notions about the necessity of extending the franchise, and further reforming the House of Commons. It is not, therefore, the mere term Radical which is the stumbling block. No. The real objection to Cobden is a very substantial one indeed, in aristocratic contemplation. He is for reducing our expenditure some ten millions a-year. He is for re- trenching our military expenditure in our colonies and at home. He contends, and not without good cause, for a total revision of our Admiralty and Naval departments ; he is an universal peace-man, and such a man is an universal nuisance to captains and colonels, and the innumerable hangers-on to Government for patronage, commissions, &c.; At the same time, in the exact proportion we find him in ill odour with these classes, is he the idol of the classes who say. I do not remember any demagogue (using the word in its; literal, and therefore in no offensive sense so universally popular as this same Richard Cobden. That the people should have subscribed and presented him with a testimonial of £70,000 is 1 some evidence of the favourable estimation in which he is generally held ; but even this fact does not impress me as does the hearty bursts 1 of enthusiastic cheering which welcome him wherever and whenever, he presents himself. More eloquent men there have been, and are. More showy, and dazz- ing, and imaginative men, one frequently encounters; but for an admirable combination of popular qualities, clearness, method, order, and capacity for familiar illustration, bordering on the humorous, he has no equal in our day. Add to this that he is a man of unquestioned integrity, and then you will not be slow to understand why he occupies so large a share of our newspaper columns, and of public attention generally. I am not unconscious that I am writing of a man who holds some opinions different from those of Mr. Robert Fitzgerald, and of some other of your colonial politicians. I lately read in the Herald part of a speech of Mr. F., who, in arguing against the removal of the troops from the colony, suggests, that deprived of military force, your very banks might be sacked by a lawless mob. Others among you express their apprehensions of " foreign j aggression." Mr. Wentworth answers this latter consideration in Westly, and perhaps not untruly : " that your colony at present is too insignificant to attra .t foreign attacks." To | Mr. Fitzgerald's arguments " in Banco," our politicians give a short answer. '* Banks ! de- fend them yourselves." Why should we pay for soldiers to defend the Bank of New South Wales ? Form a militia ; officer it from among the Directors, and no fear, with Colonel' Wentworth, Major Fitzgerald, Captain Lena me, you would have a corps fully equal to the defence of your bank notes, and the gold in the cellar." Equal to the task or not, of one thing feel certain that the late military reductions in the colonies, have been made, and will be still further made, in deference to the " economy and retrenchment" cries of Cobden and his political companions in arms. Nor can I think that they are wrong. When I was a colonist, I of course thought as a colonist, and felt as a colonist. Now I am a taxpayer, I think as a taxpayer, and Iced as a taxpayer. For several months after my first arrival here, it was a severe trial of my equanimity, that I could not walk out a day without meeting Assessed Taxes, Poors' Rate, having Rate, or some such fiscal monster, with that eternal led book, and ink-bottle always slung for action, at the button-hole of the coat. This almost daily encounter constantly presents to one's mind the fact that we are taxed at the rate of £3 a head, taking the population at 28 millions and when you strike off the number of women and children, and of actual paupers, as well as of those who although not chargeable on any parish are yet unable to pay their taxes, and therefore are excused, you will find that instead of £3 a head, it comes to a very considerable multiple of that sum. The people of England, therefore, cry justly enough, let every back bear its own burden, we will not pay for soldiers to protect Sydney banks. We cannot but contrast our condition as tax-payers, with that of most of the continent, as well as colonial communities. In Prussia, only twelve shillings and four-pence a head is levied as taxes in Austria, 11s. 6d in Russia, 9s. 9d. in France, 24s. s United States, 9s. 7d and when we see that of the fifty millions a year raised amongst us, only four millions result from the land tax, and from real property, we naturally cry out for a further reform of the Reformed House, as a necessary condition precedent" to more equalized taxation, as well as further retrench- ment. This great question of Parliamentary Reform must, however, rest for a while, until the Budget, Papal Aggression, c, c, are disposed of. It is expected that the House will divide on the latter question this evening, and all of us from the gambler in Consols to the most abstract politician, are looking out for the result, which, strange to say, is very doubtful. That Irish Buffo, Mr. Reynolds, and his com- patriots, have come out so very bouncibly since they discovered the Whig weakness, and Lord John Russell has so signally and strikingly shown himself as " the boy that chalked up No POPERY, and then ran away, that the most practised analysts of the House, are at fault to predicate as to the coming division. That faithful barometer of public feeling The Funds," very flat and inactive at 96 5-8, concurs with every other out-of-door testimony, that the Whigs are dragging on but an inglorious, blind, stupid, semi-animate kind of existence, such as a tortoise may lead when his brains have been experimentally scooped out by a physiologist. At any moment Lord John's administration may a second time give up the ghost it would, indeed, be a literal giving up the ghost, for no more exists, \- and then, and then, other attempts at impossible combinations, and then-the dissolu- tion, and the General Election, so much dreaded by constituents, and by members. There are actually progressive men amongst us looking so far ahead, as to talk in this wise, " Let the Whigs go out ; what good are they at any time, except in opposition? Let the thorough old fools of Protectionists in, with a working majority, such as they might possibly get at this time of agricultural distress ; let them lay on a ten shilling duty, and fairly rouse the nation, for we want something to stir us up, and this would do it with a vengeance." This far sighted mode of stinging the people into further demands, does not, however, seem very probable of realization, when we have so lately had the most conclusive evidences, that " Protection" is now little more than a name. If, therefore, the so-called conservative forces Were again to come into power, and secure their position as Sir Robert Peel was accustomed to do, (by going with the age, and enlisting the ascendant principles and intellects of the day, they might hold power as long as they pleased, for the people at large do not care a pin's point for Whigs more than for Tories. The great bulk of the people have come to regard all the high flown stuff about " public principle," sacred responsibility," &c.;, with the phlegm of the sententious cabman, " as a mere matter of witches." March 21 * Vide Punch's excellent Parremore. 