'??.'r'T' £OPSOIL. j;-if| 4-? i{V-"-' » ? ?-."'?! \ /t*".'? V "Mix f- j ;"v *S ?' Mr. HART presented a petition from >Me88ns. iWBtr and Lambeth, architects, who had sent a competitive design for ftnewHouse t>f Assembly,. .fcorpplaining of,; unfair coinj>e-r tition, and praying the House n6t iaioonfirmdtherfld^bQn of the .Committee, -but jto allow; the. competition .- Itf remain ojren, and to adopt such means as ithe House -in iits wisdom: may see'fit ^o secure justice to tlxe competitors^. :. | Petition received and read. . ,. ; : -iT j -. ? Mr. HALL presented a petitian.fn>m-Mr.:R; li. Milne, complaining of certain expressions used.byhoivmtoilbers in reference to the North Arm, and praying, that theipK*: posed road to that locality might bo declared a main line,, .and its immediate construction urged on the- Gflverm&ent.; The hon. member said before moving that the petition |be received, he would move, if agreeable to the House, [that the petition be first read, which he judged would be the preferable manner of dealing with petitions. Although a petition might not contain anything of a respectful nature, yet its prayer might not always meec the views .of the House. ' I The SPEAKER said the Standing Orders particularly' enjoined that a petition must first :d§ received and. qfter-' wards read. ' ! The petition was then received and read. 1 Mr. NEALES doubted the truth of the latter part o£ tfca petition; there might be hundreds,'but not thousands,! who were suffering as therein described. i . The SPEAKER said the .hon. member wasoutof order.' If he wished to make any remarks the proper course would be to give Notice of Motion to that effect for a futureday. * REPORTS. Mr. KINGSTON, as Chairman of the Select Committee, appointed to enquire into and report as to what maps are required to be purchased for the .use of the Council, brought up the report, which was read, and 'ordered to be" printed. Mr. DUTTON, as Chairman of the Sub-Gomtnitte& "ap-' pointed to enquire into and report upon the Waterworks .Bill, brought up the report, which was read, and ordered to be printed, together with the evidence. NOTICES OF MOTION. f Mr. DUTTON gave notice that on Friday, December 19th, he would move that the Report of the Committee tapon the Waterworks Bill be taken into consideration. i Mr. KINGSTON gave notice that on Friday,' 19th! De cember, he would move that the Report of the Committee upon the library for the Council be taken into consideration with a view to addressing His Excellency on the subjejet. MOTIONS. ! . Mr. HALL said ho was jSjlad to find himself at . last in possession of the House. , He would not, however,! deal with the subject of his motion at any great length! bt^t would simply and briefly endeavour to bring forward those points which appeared to him most worthy of consideration. His attention had been more particularly diawn to the : sub-' ject of transportation when the Convict Laboui Bill! was" under discussion; and his mind had been much impressed with the evils arising from the system of granting condi tional pardons, thereby rendering this colony a receptacle for the refuse of other countries; and how much wasi this evil likely to increase with the lapse of years? It was hot so much from the chain-gangs which might be placed ou our roads, nor the employment of convicts on Kangaroo Island, that we had to apprehend the worst consequences; is it was from the unchecked tide of#iinmorality, and from the fresh streams of vice continually pouring "in by the instru mentality of conditional pardons, that the great amount of evil arose. Surely they had cogent reasons for deprecating the introduction of those who by their contamination spread throughout the colony a moral disease. He felt certain that nothing but a total stop to the system of grantingboh ditional pardons would prevent this growing evil. He there fore thought it would be wise to petition the Home Govern ment to discontinue so injurious a system. This appeared to him the only point with which the Legislative Council could deal. If transportation were to be totally discontinued, it could not now be an act- of grace on the part of the RriHgT. Government, but an undoubted right-a redress from a too long tolerated grievance. In enunciating the principle contained in the first resolution, he had made use of the word punishment, because it appeared to him theriinst suit able term as applied to the prevention of the repetition of crime. With respect to the compact alluded to in the second resolution, the inducement held out for emigrating to this colony must be fresh in the recollection of hon. members. But how had this compact been fulfilled? He had been strongly influenced by the terms of that agreement in adopting this colony as the place of his abode; he had never considered that it would have been converted into a receptacle for convicts either by direct or indirect means. Such, however, was the case by the system of conditipnal pardons granted to the convicts in Van Diemen's Land. He might give an illustration of how rigidly the Compact between this colony and the mother-country had been ^p re served : on the 6th October, 1850, 300 convicts were landed in Van Diemen's Land, and ou the very next day; the Gazette proclaimed that the Lieutenant-Governor, under the instructions of the {secretary of State, had granted con ditional pardons to the whole 300, who were of course at liberty to proceed to any of the Australian colonies. It was a fact fully borne out by the Police and Gaol returns that the chief expenses incurred in the administration of the law and in the support of their hospitals was attributable to this odious system. Out of 75 persons who had lately been tried in the Courts of this province there were 6nly 27 who were free emigrants to this colony. Thus it Was that this indirect system of introducing convicts into this province entailed fully one-half the expense of keeping up the Gaol, Hospital, and even the Destitute Board. : He trusted that the House would go with him in endeavouring to put a stop to this evil, the fearful result of which had caused him to bring forward his motion: M That a respectful Addrp ss be presented to His Excellency, praying that he will transmit to the Secretary of State the following resolutions expressive of the opinion of this Council(1.) That this Council recog nises, to its fullest extent, the justice of the' principle, that the Go vernment of every state or separate coinmuuity should'ptovide and pay For the safe keeping and punishment of its own subjects transgressing its laws. (2.) That the original contract between the Imperial Parlia ment and the Colonists of South Australia was solemnly made by an Act of Parliament, 4 and 5 Win. IV., c. 95, in which it was expressly declared, by provision re-enacted and continued in a subsequent.Act, o and 6 Vic, c. 51, ' That no person convicted in any Court of Justice in (rre&t; Britain, .Ireland, or elsowliiira, shall at any time, or under any circumstances, be transported as a convict to any plase within the |said» Province.' (3.) That the great hulk of the colonists have immigrated and sought to establish a home in South Australia; and numbers are stall immigrating for the same purpose, upon the faith of this guarantee of the Imperial Parliament. (4.) That the system of transporting felons from Great Britain to Van Diemen's Land, and granting them icon oinonal pardons after their arrival there, by means of which they are allowed to land in this province (although they are prohibited from re turning to the United Kingdom), is virtually converting this cqlony'into a depot for their reception, aud a contravention of the said Act of par liament. (5.) That the influx of conditionally-pardoned convicts jiiito South Australia manifests its demoralizing tendency by the increase .of the criminal calendar, in which the great majority of offenders have been convicts from the Mother-Country; and not only is the effect; gene rally demoralizing, but a serious and otherwise unnecessary expendi ture is forced upon this colony in its Judicial, Police, and Gaol'Establuh ments. (6.) That the late decision of the Home Government, eommiini cated in a despatch from the Secretary of State, prohibiting, legal sen tences of transportation against criminals being carded into effect, obliges this province to provide for persons so convicted aud sentenced, in addition to the burden of having to provide against the evild created by the presence of those who arrive as conditionally-pardoned convicts. (7.) That this House would earnestly urge the justice of placing ithe free province of South Australia upon the same footing in all respects, as regards conditionally-pardoned convicts, as the United Kingdom is now placed." Mr. ANGAS rose to second the motion. The time 1""* now arrived for this colony to be up aud active in dealing with a measure of so much importance. ? It would be in the recollection of hon. members that at a meeting upon ithe subject of transportation to these colonies, the colony at large had pledged itself to bring the matter before' the Legislative Council. A memorial to that effect was at the present time upon the table of that House. A press of other important business had hitherto prevented the Council from discussing the memorial, but they now had time to take the matter into consideration. It might be. objected that the representation set forth in the present motion of .the hon. member for Port Adelaide had been embodied by the Committee in the Address to Her most Gracious Majesty; nevertheless, he would support the motion, as'he considered the Subject could not be brought too frequently before the Home Government. The course pursued by the Home Government in reference to the convict system jin Yan Diemen's Land had inflicted a great injury upon this colony, and they were now beginning to feel its baneful effects,^ by the increased expenditure required to support, the police and gaol establishments. He thought, perhaps, if the hon. member would alter his motion' fori an Address to the Houses of Parliament, instead of to the Secretary of State, it might carry the weight of a stronger remonstrance. He did not, however, intend to offer any amendment; what he wished was*to promote, discussion on a subject- of such vital importance to the interests of the colony. No. remon strance could -be too strong, and, although it was true that they had made repeated efforts to do away with tihe Act,' yet ?he could not but suppose that the Home Government would give all due consideration to the representations of that Council. . . Mr. DUTTON wished to .say a few words, not.in direct opposition, though he could not agree with the hon. member for Barossa, that the representations of the 'Cou&cil; -wane likely to have much weight with the Home Government. He thought they could expect but -little sympathy "if they looked at that most afflicted colony, Van. Piemen's Land. He bad . repeatedly expressed his conviction that such was the embarrassment of England herself as regardedrthej, number of her criminal prisoners, such was the difficulty attending every penal and reformatory system, which had been tried in the mother-country , that lie thought.it doubtful whether England would waive what she . considered ; her right-that of sending convicts to her .colonies. (Hear, hear.) He supported the motion,, as ;he; considered,it-ne- i cessary to keep the consideration of the subject aliy« ;!yet he must .pwn that he saw but a very remote-chance KJf any., effectual .change in the criminal law of England, of they were nierely'to .claim a cessation: of tn^portation to .;theses colonies on ihe'ground of generosity. It was most dreadful to find die class of persona who found their way. to these shores-;-characters winch were' the bane of society; yet he Ibr a n^th.vthat bat little wouldbe iefibcteci^n giflBiTOkhtri HOB dBeflfa ^«^9,'gtwrted_'«lm(MtjiMy-;A; Sei w'muuieii'wufHi | ?*>&.« PjBTOjSjs Itouatiatlng; inia'etyle. TOiy.Mf-! ferent from that adopted in the ppesentrestfutions'. T&j;' ApiM)0 ffMnotfarijBlittilt'«3imi Slw-wijuSiflftn of Van Dieti)atfs iAni wodU rise-lo i >n^>i agifwMtetwnance & W^iteUs la'-Byatem;; Sony should ?bebe toee6 the : coBBe^a jBtjfeen iEngla!nEl> ini 'He- <c616hieS dissolved 3 j soil be felt confident -that sooner or falter &uchi; Wotfldbe the ; casejnnjea? apgne jnaang' were- ftjibointed to rem&ly; * the evil 1 jWWWawlWw'*'^ '-r-r ?}>;?-? ''rfyvftfrniK ir*f'???«* ? ;. ;i r: Iff-: ^^TJSRHOUSE objected -.tbr the ' motion asbeing | IffiWe A finmrriittop. ! i]W . Wp^dy been^ppyiteri. to' fuldl'e&S;'Her Migest v upon the snbject, and fle CAiuHal'iras no'wcalled upbritovote a .series ^resolutions : addressed'1 tor the Secretary:'of »§tate, ] -which appeared to himtpimplythatthe Ccruneil thought it necessary that: the Secretary of 'State Should be 'ciohstaiitly ,neminding ;Her Majestyof their views on the 'subject. He iVQU$d. .flbserve <that the'1st resolution, which Recognises the .justice,-of the principle that Governments should provide .for the pupport of their own criminals, had nothing what-' ever to dp with the resolutions ^which follow. The §th j resolution he COB Id not understand, unless the; hon member meant; that convicted felons should not be transported to ! this province. . He would riot object to-the motion under a modified form,' but it was not probable thlat so lon&es; other colonies-had not the privileges sought by that memorial, an eacpeptionwouldbe made in favour of this province. Mr.HALL would notobject toa modification ofthe memo rial to meet the views of the Council I11 reply to what had < been said in reference to the address to theQueen, he-would remark, that it was a mere matter of accident that his motion fradnot been long since disposed of. It bad been said that Great Britain provides for the safe keeping of ber own felons ,'but ,it was in order to show, how much thi? colony-was-sufiering in au indirect Way by tbe transporta-" tion system that the 1st resolution, which the hon. member objected to, was introduced into the memorial If even the | prayer of the memorial were not complied with, it would at j least have the effect of undeceiving those who supposed this colony^ was a mere dependency of Botainy Bay. ! The motion, with a verbal amendment, was then put and J carried. . ROAD TO THE'NORTH ARM. The REGISPRA-R-GENERAL, in bringing forward his motion for the appropriation of the suiri of £2,200 for the formation of the above road, produced a sketch of the sur rounding country, which several hon. members carefully 'examined. On" the motion of the REGISTRAR-GENERAL, the House went into Committee. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL admitted that the pro posed road would be somewhat farther for drays comirio from the Dry Creek , and the north, but it would be the direct road from Adelaide to the North "Arm ? indeed, very nearly that originally laid down by Governor Gawler. Mr. DTJTTON would second the motion, as he felt sure hon; members were disposed to give fair play to the North Arm. He hoped the lion, member for Yatala would give the measure lnis support, as lie (Mr. Dutton) was sure the constituency of Yatala were favourable to the measure. The Council had already passed an Act for 3 railway, to be completed within five years; but common roads were also required. It was also expedient that wharVes should be constructed at the North Aim, and then warehouses would spring up as if by magic. He had always advocated the North Arm, and so long as he had a seat in that Council he would vote for that or any other measure calculated to benefit the community. In proof of what he had said he would refer hon. members to what he had written upon the subject six years ago. Mr. GILES would oppose the very rMieulous proposal of making a road through a bog, which would cost at least £7,000 or £3,000. His constituents, the people of Yatala, were men of sense, and not such as the hon. member for East Adelaide had represented them. They knew that the produce from the north must necessarily go by Alberton, and that it would .be time enough to make a road to the North Arm when the railway was constructed. The idea of making the road at the present time was certainly the most preposterous ever conceived by men out of RflHlam (Laughter.) The roads from Mount Barker, Gumeracka, and others were, it seemed, to be all neglected for the road "to the North Arm. If any man would veuture to say the road was of any importance to the colony he would sit down. (Laughter.) Mr. N1JALES would oppose the measure. He did not know what they could want with a road to a place where there was no wharf The hon. member for Yatala, the man who had had more experience than any other in the colony, had told them that the road could not be constructed for less than £8,000- He (Mr. Neales) thought it was an insult to the Council to call upon them to vote the sum of £2,200 only for such an undertaking; the road could no more be made for such a sum than he could construct it .by 4 o'clock that | afternoon. He did not oppose the motion from interested motives, as he had more acres at the North Arm than he had inches it the present port. ' Mr. DUTTON said the hon. member for North Adelaide had_ not been accused of being actuated by interested motives; but had raised a ghost for the mere purpose of exorcising liim. Mr. KINGSTON would oppose the motion; nothing was said in the Estimated amount about fencing the road. He , knew that part of the country 'well, and was certain that | two and a naif miles of embankment would be required The REGISTRAR-GENERAL explained that the esti mate was for a road 30 feet in width; and it was not pro - posed to hallast it. There were many roads about Adelaide which had not been ^metalled, and had answered well for years. Mr. KINGSTON contended that it would be impossible to construct the road without embankments. Mr. ANGAS opposed the motion on the ground that His Excellency had limited the amount to' be expended monthly by the Central Road Board. He had on the day previous witnessed an accident which might have terminated j fatally, caused by the bad state of the roads, even at that, ! the test time of the year. It was preposterous to expend the bunted amount at their disposal in works which were not absolutely required. He could not understand why His Excellency should object to the formation of the road from the proceeds of the land fund. He (Mr. Angas) would then have given it his cordial support; particularly as the whole amount would be expended in the form of wages to the labourer. It would, however, be necessary to connect the road with Gawler Town and the northern districts. Mr. DUTTON Slid that the hon. member who now pointed out the wretched state of the roads, and expressed so much affection for the farmer, should have considered the means of remedying the evils of which he complained when the'Loan^ Bill Was before the Council. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ANGAS. would claim the right of reply, as he had been personally alluded to. When the Loan Bill was before the House he bad met it by argument and reason, but if the reporters had suppressed what he said it was no fault of his. His " objections were, not against the principle of the Bill, but to the proposal to employ a portion of the money upon emigration proposes, and a portion to the construction of ? radways. ? He had no notion of supporting such spurious proceedings'. . ' -Mr. HARE proposed the following amendment, which was seconded by Mr. PEACOCK: . " That a respectful Address be presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant- Governor, requesting him to construct the proposed road to the North Arm out of the.land fund." ?Upon which the House divided, wherithere were for the amendment, 11; against it, 6. REMOVAL OF THE BARS AT PORT ADELAIDE The COLONIAL SECRETARY said he was authorized by the Lieutenant-Governor to initiate an item on the Esti mates for 1852 to provide £1,500 for materials and labour to blast and remove the crust of the Inner and Outer Bars at Port Adelaide. » TRANSPORTATION COMMUTATION BILL. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL laid 011 the table a Bill, intituled, " A Bill to provide for' the Commutation of Sen tences of Transportation, and to substitute Imprisonment with Hard Labour as a Punishment in lieu of Transporta tion," to replace the Convict Labour Bill laid on the table October 14, 1851. ? 4 EDUCATION BILL. ' .On the motion of the COLONIAL SECRETARY, the second reading of this Bill was adjourned, until Thursday next. , * * ESTIMATES. On the motion of the REGISTRAR-GENERAL, Council resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House for the further consideration of the Estimates, when Mr. DUTTON moved the recommitment of the items under the head' of Works and Buildings. His object in doing so was for the purpose of considering the propriety of removing the ' Police-Station from Angaston to Tanunda. Barossa was the. most populous district in this colony, and Tanunda ttas in the centre of the district, and there wjsre? 3,000 fe.milie8 ;re8iding within six miles of it. Mr. HAR&seconded; the motion.; '".'Mr. ANGAS opposed the motion, and explained at solne lehgth the relative positions and advantages, of the two localities, and contended that Angaston was in every respect the better place. ' i . The RteGISTRAR-GENERA-L opftosed the change upon thd ground thkt the|Council bad already come to.a decision. The amendment was put and carried; and Committee ad journed until Thursday next. .' ? CAPT. STUBT»S PENSION BILL. . On the motion of -the ADVOCATE-GENERAL, .tins Bill was read i& second time, and committed V the several clauses were agredd'to,-4uid ori thepreamble being read, ? ''' : . >Mr. HAfiTi moved as- an -amendment,: tbatthe words which implied the incapability of Capt-.Sturt performihghis rdutaes.be struck out^'Wid contended that the-hon. and gil lant member was as capable now of performing his ^duties as he was when he first took office. I The amendment not having been seconded, the preamble ifle .was flieri rea^ and agreedj 5\V''1' ;BOAD AfcT.j4MkmMEOT®aL^ U . 1 i?". ^^^CajW'weni: into Committee iipaii^&i;^Billj^ik onrJ flie Uotioh oFMr.HAEE,8upported by Messrs. HAST and PEiupCK,; the Unleyrroad was included in the Sphedule of Main-roads, .which was ordered to.be printed as amended. THISTLE ERADICATION BILL. j The House went :into Committee ? apon this Billy and - adjourned till Thursday next, i ; ?'"?"'*'TBjMJiBPOE!rAi?lblj" COMsSlTiTION BILL:. 1 On the; motion .of the- REGISTRAR-GENERAL, this I Bill was tead a first time. .. . y;^Ai^BBOKEES BIfcLv -U.- . "^eJEIouse then wentJnto Committee, on this BiII; when the clauses from number 20 to 25 in elusive were passed without any amendment. *\ .'. . r ;.*y - The 26th clause having been read, Mr. ELDER proposed to strikeout thewoid "Constable." He thought that the pawnbrokers would be subject to mdcli i vexatious and perhaps oppressive opposition, if ia constable bad a right to demand the production of the licence when ever lie might think fit to do so. . ' The. REGrtSTRA.fi GENERAL" said the Amendment would materially injure the intended operations of the; BilL As the Justices of the Peace were not likely to visit the . different pawnbrokers, it was requisite that the police should "have power to ascertain whether a person dealing ias a pawnbroker was duly licetised. It might be necessary to. institute rigid enquiries into circumstances where robberies had been comniitted." He ~had not any objection' to insert the word " Police" before/" Constable.'; \- The clause was then passed with the amendment sug gested by the Registrar- General. The 27th and 28th clauses were passed, as were also the 29th and 30th after a slight alteration. The 31st, ,32ud, and j 33rd clauses were passod as printed. '* . *'' On the nxotion of the REGISTRAR-GENERAL, the 1st clause wasreeommitted, in order to insert the time when pawnbrokers' licences should take effect, namely, from dnd after the 10th day of March now next ensuing. The clause was then passed as amended. Schedule A, being a form of application for a pawnbroker's licence, with the form of a householder's certificate to be appended thereto; and Schedule B, being the form of the licence granted, underwent some mere verbal alterations, and were passed as amended. - The REGISTRAR-GENERiAL introduced another Sche dule (C), being a form of affidavit of goods pledged and still unredeemed ; also a form of affidavit to enable a person to obtain a new ticket, in case he lost the original one given, upon making affidavit that such ticket had been lost or des troyed, and not sold or willingly parted with. The Sche dule was adopted. Upon the motion of Mr. ELDER, the 14th clause was then recommitted. The hon. gentleman said it appeared to him an acL of injustice that a pawnbroker shomd be de barred by that clause from bidding at a sale by auction for the goods upon which he had advanced money. He quite agreed that it would not be riglit to give the pawnbroker power to bid for goods sold in a private manner. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL objected to the proposed alteration. The sole purpose of the clause was to protect the person pledging goods from any fraud or collusion on the part of the pawnbroker. No mortgagee was allowed by law to purchase mortgaged property; he held the pro; ' perty as lien for the money advanced; and supposing a pawnbroker did buy the goods pledged, they would still remain in his hands, and be liable to be redeemed. Mr. NEA.LES said the pawnbroker could always put up the goods at a sufficient sum to indemnify himself for all costs and charges. The regulation, however, only applied to amounts above 5s. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL said the clause entirely related to goods pledged for sums exceeding 5s. The clause was then allowed to stand as printed. The preamble and title having been passed, the SPEAKER, as Chairman, brought up the Report, and ob tained leave to sit again. ROAD AT THE NORTH ARM. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL said that as the Orders of the Day had now been disposed of, he proposed, if agreable- to the House, to resume the motion. He would move that the report of the Committee on the Governor's Message, relative -to the road at the North Arm, be brought up. There being no objection, the report was brought up. COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC WORKS. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL moved " That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, accompanied by the third Report of the Committee on Public Works, requesting him to place on the Estimates a sum sufficient to defray the cost of a Bridge over the Torrens, as therein recommended; together with the premiums awarded to the competitors whose designs for a Bridge and new Council Chamber are next in merit to those selected by the Committee." Mr. KINGSTON said the House had not yet adopted the report of the Committee, and as a petition against the report had been that morning presented by the hon. member for Victoria, he considered its prayer ought to be first considered. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL having stated that his motion was merely for the purpose of initiating a sum upon the Estimates, the House went into Committee, when he said that he had not intended to raise a discussion upon the report until there might be a fuller House (only uiue members being present). His object now.was to initiate a sufficient- sum upon the Estimates inS&ntieipation; of the proposed works. Mr. KINGSTON had no objection to the requisite sum being placed upon the Estimates. As, however, a petition had been received by the House protesting against the de cision of the Committee, he considered the matter ought to be fully discussed. Mr. NEALES agreed in the views taken by the hon. member for the Burra. He (Mr. Neales) had also had the honour of presenting a petition on the subject. He how ever had no objection to a sum being placed upon the Esti mates. - Mr. ANGAS said he had been told by a professional gentleman that the estimate for the bridge, viz., £600, was far below the sum for which it could be erected-that £12,000 was nearer the mark. A bridge which had been in use for several years had only cost £100. He therefore hoped the piatter would be fully considered before they sanctioned so lavish an expenditure. The House resumed, and adjourned till I o'clock next day. MESSAGES FROM THE GOVERNOR. During the day the following Messages were received from His Excellency: " ; kieutenant-Gorernor begs to inform the honourable the Legislative Council, that, in compliance with their Address of the :22ud October last, and with the advice and consent of the Executive Council, he has decided to encourage the discoverers of mineral lands, by granting leases of lands for mineral purposes (other than digging or streaming or mining for gold), upon terms, and for a period, which will be notified at an early date in the Government Gazette. ' "H. E.F. YOUNG. Government House, Adelaide, 16th Dec, 1851." ' " ^ rt;Ply toi the Address of the honourable the Legislative Council of the*12th.instant, requesting the Lieutenant-Governor 1 to appoint a duly qualified Commission to examine into the geological formation of the country, with a jiew to the discovery of any gold deposits that may exists aud recommending that His Excellency will cause the sum of £1,000 to be placed on the Estimates for the purpose of rewarding the discoverers of productive gold- fields, under such regulations as His Ex cellency may approvethe Lieutenant- Governor begs to say thati con cuiring with the Council in the expediency of the latter recommendation, he will authorize the proposed reward of £1,000 to be placed upon the Estimates, and will notify at an early date the conditions under which it shall be claimable. "2. With respect to the suggestion contained in the former part of the Addiess above adverted to, as well as in a second Address by the Council of the same date, relative to a geological and mineralogical survey of the colony, the Lieutenant-Governor begs to inform the Council that, in answer to an application which the Lieutenant Governor addressed to the Secretary of State on this subject,; His Lordship has, on the recommendation of Sir Henry De leBeche, authorized the employment of Mr. Herscheli Babbage on a geological and mineralogical survey of South Austral^.. Mr. Babbage has arrived in the colony, and the Lieutenant-Governor conceives that any further steps in the matter may be advantageously deferred until the effect of the proposed reward of £1,000 shall have been ascertained. > " 3. The recommendation contained in the second Address already alluded to, relative to the issue of licences to search for gold, shall receive the Lieutenant-Governor's early attention. WH. E. F. YOUNG. "Government House, Adelaide, 16th Dec, 1851." " In compliance with the Address of the honourable the Legislative Council, -dated the 3rd instant, the Lieutenant-Governor lays over a copy of the instructions sent to the Agent-General for the purchase of the lanterns for the lighthouse at Cape Wflloughby and floating-light at Port Adelaide. - . "EE. F. YOUNG. ** Government House, Adelaide, 16th Dec, 1851." Wednesday, 17 th December. NOTICES OF MOTION. i The REGISTRAR-GENERAL, on behalf of the AD VOCATE-GENERAL, gave notice .that, on the next day, be intended to move the third reading of Capt. Stint's Annuity BilL' He also gave notice that, on the *next day, he would move that the report' of the "Committee on Public Works be adopted; also, that. all the reports of Committees of the Council be brought up on Friday, De cember 19tft, except'that to enquire into the probability of navigating the River Murray; also, that he would move the District Constables Bill. in Committee; also, the third reading of the Road Ordinance Amendment Bill; also,; on Friday, December 19 th, he would/move the third reading of the Pawnbrokers Bill. *r Capt. BAGOT gave notice that, on Friday, December 19th, he would move that the report on the Post-Office de partment be taken into consideration. ' 'Mr. PEACOCK gave-notice of his intention to move,, on the next day, that the House take into consideration the Message of His Excellency relative to the formation of a tramway at the Onkaparinga. MOTIONS. Mr. HARE moved-. ' "That a respectful Addrdis be presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant- Governor,, requesting him to farniah this House with capias of the police, jreports having reference to the condnct.of the ine Sapendiaiy Magistrate at' the Boris, with the opiiuon of the Law OJEoers. of the Crown thereon; and the minute of the Executive Council as to his removal from the Burra, and his appointment to Noarlunga." He would observe that he had bo personal feeling in bringing forward this motion, neither had he any acquaint ^pcp m£k &B; . gentlemanto whoni'iialluded, either In bnt wheni^retaembered iie Kegi^ax-Geperal torhavesaid thatthejriinnteof enquiry ihe Ban* Bum, to Mto.toenail'tfaegroundof gross irreeu lanijes, Jie considered that the Gounciloughtto be nut in possession of the fiicts. If on theg;onndof irregularity this gentleman had. beeuremoved from tfre Buna, he was wt_'fit to act as Magistrate for Noadunga^ if he was not sufficiently g°®d for the one place he would not be .good enough for the other. If the alleged irregularities were of such a nature that they could be treated in a lenient manner, good; but if they were of too grave a character, why he would give Notice of Motion for that gentleman's removal. , . ., - Miu PEACOCK seconded the .motion. . rRAR-GENERAL said the hon. member for .e^ Torrens had allnded to'rcertain observations, , which might nave been .made by the Colonial "Secretary, but of which he (the Registrar-Genera!) had no recollection of .having uttered. He could not see the necessity for the pre sent motion. In matters of this kind, unless hon: members preferred a durect charge of incapacity, he did not see how they could come before the House, and ask for the produc tion of papers which were solely in the possession of the Executive. He was not himself a member of the Executive, ^ jsa rc. ie these matters which related to papers of a confidential nature would be more properly dealt with bv the^Colonial Secretary. He could not speak farther to the wets of the case than that Mr. Lang was not considered a fit person for so large a population; and that having mixed himself tip with the politics of the place, it was thought better to remove him from the Burra, and to appoint him to the south, where it was considered he would; be compe l^ti* lsc^iar^e of office among ia smaller popu Mr. HARE said that if the hon. Registrar, iad- listened he would have understood that the returns were asked for on the . supposition that they would show the alleged inefficiency of the individual. In such cases, he had stated that, if the, inefficiency were proved, he would institute a motion upon a direct charge An hon member (Mr. Kingston) had informed him that the reasons for Mr. Lang's removal were taken from the report of the kaw Officers aPPointed to enquire into the matter, when Mr. Lang's extreme ignorance of the law was made apparent. They appointed Magistrates, supposing them to i have a profound knowledge of the law, and if it was found tnat a person was incompetent to discharge certain duties in 1 the north, he must be equally incompetent to apt as a Ma gistrate m the south; unless, indeed, he had acquired all the necessary legal knowledge during his transition from the one place to the other. If so, he must be considered as a most extraordinary fellow. - The debate was brought to a conclusion by cries of Divide, when the motion was*passed. Mr. ANG AS said he would waive his right to the pos session of the House in order to allow that privilege to the hon. member for Mount Barker, who then moved That an Address Tie presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, praying that His Excellency will cause a return-slioirin»-tha n S Z 6/pen1d,tllre of «»e Ce<ltrf Hoard, and of the variolS *.k£ ? a <?°titt<lance of the return,-laid on the Council °T t'lc.1,-51 Jul-V',18??' showing the mortality within the pro vince-to be laid upon the Council table.'" p He would uot occupy the time ofj'the House with auy lengthened remarks upon a subject of so formal a nature. He had been informed by the individual who prepared the statistics referred to that such accounts were useful, aud ought to be supplied for general information. Capt. BAGOT seconded the motion, which was passed. Mr. BAKV.R moved " That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, requesting His Excellency to be pleased to place a sum on the Estimates sufficient to continue the pavment of stipends to ministers, under the Church Ordinance, No. 10, of 1847, in accordance with the resolution passed by the late Council, up to the 30tti August He had. been induced, in consequence of letters received from several ministers, to bring forward his present motion. He considered it but an act of justice that they should be paid for^ the time actually occupied in carry rug out their various duties. He did not wish to agitate a question already disposed of by the Council, and he trusted, hon. members would not offer any opposition to an act of justice, but that they would agree to the payment of the balance due between the time of the last payment and the time when those duties ceased. It was'very evident to. him that the Act of the late Council empowered the pay ment of all elaims until the new Council should legislate ion the subject; but, nevertheless.it would be for that House to decide whether those ministers who had proposed certain duties upon the faith of an Act of the late Council I ought not to be paid; and as his motion was merely to in stitute an act-of common justice, he apprehended no opposi tion from that House. The motion having reference to a money vote, the House went into Committee. Mr. HARK would second the motion for the purpose of promoting discussion. It appeared that at the last meeting of t.ie old Council an Act had been passed in a -soine what informal manner, and without a proper Notice of Motion, for the purpose of continuing certain stipends ; and U the ministers acted upon the faith of that Act, and not depending upon a vote of the present Council, it was just that they should be paid. But some hon. members doubted the correctness of the claim set up by the hon. member for Mount Barker, and maintain that tile Act was passed in an informal manner. It appeared to him that if the Act was legal, the debt ought to he liquidated; but if not a question might arise for the in erference of that House He, however, would like to hear the opinions of hon. members, and had seconded the motion for that purpose. Capt. BAGOT would ask the Registrar-General for his opinion as to the legality of the Act of the old Legislature. One payment had been made under that Act, which, if a legal enactment, he saw no reason why the balance due should not likewise be paid. The RLGIbTRAR-GENERAL could not say why it should not be paid. The late Council had decided that the clause enacting the payment of ministers' stipends and grants in aid for buildings under the late Church Act should be continued m force for the space of three months ; and as the Legislative Couucil had not met so early as was con templated he really could see no reason why those services which had been continued longer owing to that circum stance should not be remunerated. He would give his cordial support to the motion, and thought the ministers were as much entitled to the latter quarter as thev were to the first quarter's payment, as the Ordinance continued in force until the assembling* of the new Legislature. Mr. ELDER felt considerable difficulty in dealing with the question. If the hon. member for Mount Barker could convince him of the alleged justice, he would vote for the motion. Still he thought a sum ought to have been placed upon the Estimates, and that it was the place of the Go vernment, and not of the hon. member,, to have brought for ward the motion. ° Mr. PEACOCK maintained that, as His Excellency had not placed a sum upon the Estimates, it was a proof that the act was illegal, as His Excellency had been always blamed for a leaning in favour of grants. He was sorry any hon. member should have brought forward a motion calculated to stir np public feelings on a question which had, he hoped, for ever been set at rest. The payment had . been illegal in the first instance, and he trusted the motion would be rejected. Air. ANGAS should vote against the motion, on the ground that it would be unjust to the colonists at large If there was anything due from the late Council, a sum ought to have been placed upon the Estimates for that . purpose. Mr. WATERHOUSE would support the motion, though with painful feelings. If the late Council had incurred a debt under a certain enactment, it was not for that House to repudiate their decision. They could not do so if they wished the laws enacted by that Council to be carried into effect. It was on that ground alone that he supported the motion, which he felt to be a painful duty. Mr. NEALES considered it no such bitter pill. He had always objected to Church Grants; yet, if the debt had been incurred, it ought to be paid, and he thought it did. not come well from that side of the House, who on former occasions had advocated a contrary doctrine, now to sav they did not wish to pay old debts. He was for paying so long as there were funds, and the debt was just. The Act authorizing the continuation of the stipends was passed by a majority of the late Council, and if they wer6 to agree with the hon. member for Noarlunga they mu&t; rescind tnat vote. He begged of them not to raise a question which would create ill-feeling; he hoped they would rather pay the debt and have done with it, and thought those hon. members who deposed the motion were raising anew the question of Church Grants; therefore, upon them must fall the censure. . V REGISTRAR-GENERAL trusted hon. members would consider the subject apart from aU religious feelings. 1 he question under discussion was not one of Chnrch Grants, but of the payment of- a just debt. Hon. members ought to hold sacred the resolution of that House, and in l^emanner it would ill become them to repudiate the Acts of the late Legislature, lest a future Council might nullify the enactments of the present.. There could be no doubt that the enactment of the late Conncilhad been looked upon as a promise to pay on the fiiith of the Government. Ine hon. member for North Adelaide, in supporting the motion, had alluded to some hon. members who were fond of not acknowledging the debts of the" colony. He (the Kegistrar-General) objected to debts due from the colonists to_private individuals being looked upon as debts of the colony; but in the case before the House, the debt was due . -colony through the enactment of the Legislature, and not by the authority of the Executive. \- Mr. GILES said the colonists had assembled-to nrmaiflpr the subject when there were frojh 2,000 to 3,000 against the Church Grant, and but about 300 could be fonnd to favour the measure. He would, rather than vote for the motion, never enter the House again. Mr. KINGSTON said a certain amount bad been paid for one quarter, bnt he^did not find the amount placed on the Supplementary Estimates for the two quarters which elapsed previous te the meeting of the Council. He therefore in ferred that there was some doubt as to the legality of the claim. He would ask the hon. Advocate-General if thevdte of the last Councilwould give His Excellency legal abtho *ity to-pay the amount. :Mr.. HAST was exceedingly surprised that His Excel lency had not' -put the amount od the Estimatesj as it was quite: clear that if the ministers were entitled to the first quarter'ssalary, they, were afeoentitledto those which fol lowed previous tothi meeting of the Council. His Excei lcncy muBt either have -acted fromagi disinclination to see the amount paid, or from a desire to <3irry favour. " The AJJVOCATE-GENERAlL roseto order. It was not courteous to; attribute to the Lieutenant-Governor unwar rantable motives, especially when His Excellency was not present.. Mr. DAVENPOllT said if the amounts were legally due, he would vote for the payment of. them. Mr. DUTTON regretted the necessity he felt himself under in voting for the measure. The question was simply one as tothe legality of the vote of the late Council.. In his opinion that vote was legal.. He could not consequently see now they could do otherwise than sanction the motion. : Mr. BAKER sai.ia doubt had been raised as to whether the amounts were due or not; but every- one must admit that where services were performed, the conditions upon which such services were undertaken should also be com plied with. The Church Grant Act was still in full force1 -property was held under it-and it could not tie except so far as the issuing of money to ministers. His Excellency could not consistently place the amount upon the Estimates, as one of the first subjects which occupied the^ attention of the present Council was that very Act. The debt was a just one, and they were bound to discharge it. He would not say anything in reply to the hon. mem bers for Noarlunga and'Yatala, as it might stir up their , bile, and induce them to vote against the measure'. Mr. HARE remarked that the hon. member for Mount Barker had said they could not repeal the Act, but there wafe no necessity that they should do so, as it could only extend over a period of three years, at the end of which it would necessarily expire, just as ah apprentice's indenture becomes useless at the- end of the term of apprenticeship. The vote of the late Council was to the effect that His Excellency should continue the Grant until the new Council met; consequently, the duty aud the responsibility lay with him, and not with that House. , - The ADVOCATE-GENERAL regretted that he was compelled to vote against the motion; but he could not understand how a mere vote of the former Council could ; be considered as authority for that House after they had already come to the determination to abandon the measure. Neither could he see that there was any hardship in with holding from ministers of religion that which was only guaranteed for a definite period. Mr. GILEScould not forget the way in which the subject was muddled. (Order, order.) Mr. GWYNNE said the hon. the Advocate-General had argued the subject as though.he were, pleading to a difficult point of law. He was quite sure that for any man to have his income suddenly stopped must be felt a great hardship. He would submit to their consideration the justice of paying the two quarters' salary, which were unquestion ably due. Capt. B AGOT would call the attention of the Council to the wording of the motion, which desired that the sum might be placed ou the Estimates-; aud would suggest an alteration to the effect that His Excellency be requested to continue the laments to the ministers.^ liu jvas glad to hear the opinion of the lion, the Advoeate-General, as he was in doubt upon the subject. He hoped lion, members would give him credit for sincerity when he said that he would have opposed- the 'vote of the late Council had he not been unavoidably absent-at the time. Mr. PEACOCK said the ministers had no cause of com plaint. They could not say they were pulled up suddenly. They were paid more thau was originally intended, and for what? Certainly not for anything they had done i;i connection with the State. The hon. member then moved an amendment, which was not seconded, and The House divided upon the original motion, which was carried by a majority of six. ADDRESS TO THE QUEEN. Mr. ANGAS, pursuant to notice, moved " That the Address to Hor Jl-ijesty t!is Qnaen be taken into consi deration, and be adopted by the Council; and that the Speaker be autb'H rised to sign the Address to ths Queen, ou behult of the Legislative Council." The hon. member said the Committee had come to the conclusion that an Address should be presented to the Queen. They had not ventured to do more than that, as a sufficient time had not elapsed since the first meeting of Council to admit of any organic.changes in the constitu tion of the Government. The COLLECTOR of CUSTOMS felt some embarrass ment in opposing the motion, as he feared be should wound the feelings of the hon. mover in some measure by the re marks he was about to maite. He thought the concoctors of the Address, in drawing it up, had taken rather more than a poetic license. (Hear, hear.) In the 3rd clause, they would read as follows:-'? We feel it to be our duty humbly to lay before your Majesty a statement of tkmc grievances which we desired to see removed, -and which we consider to be at variance with t/co.ie constitutional privi leges acknowledged as the birthright of your Majesty's subjects." The hon. member, in reading this extract, strongly emphasised the word " those," and said lie sup posed they would be glad to remove all grievances. He then read from the Oth clause as follows:-" As South Australia is a self-supporting colony, we respectfully submit to your Majesty's acknowledged high sense of justice to concede to us the claim that every department of the public service should be subject to the direct control and supervision of the Local Legislature, aud that to it alone should belong the appropriation of the gross revenues of the province, from whatever source derivedand observed that two subject's were here alluded to as distinct from each other as light from day, aud yet they were included in the word claim, in the singular number. He did not object to the first claim here set up; but he would pronounce the second to be a non sequitur. He could not distinctly under stand what was meant in the 7th clause by the phraseology, " the settled districts of the colony." The next clause asserted that " under a representative form of Government, the revenue derived from the sale, depasturing or leasing of public lands, &c.;, are morally as much the property of the colonists as the ordninary revenues." He thought this paragraph inclu led a very strange argument, for he was at a loss to conceive how the conferring upon the people a re presentative form of Government could confer upon them a right to the CroWh lands revenue. The argument was a transparent fallacy. The hon. mover seemed to have for gotten that the whole of the land fund was originally set apart for the purpose of bringing labourers into the colony. The 30th paragraphexpressed regret " at the injury inflicted upon South Australia by the continuauce of "transportation to Van Diemen's Land and to the other Australian colonies, and the facility ?vftth which expirees from thence are per mitted to reach our shores." No Act' of Parliament had ever been passed to prevent expirees from going wherever they pleased. He thought the Address was not merely a statement of grievances, it was a jumble of absurdities a namby-pamby production, which would be sneered at by every clerk who read it. If the Address were adopted, he had prepared a protest, which he would append to it. Mr. BAKER moved that the House do go into Committee upon the motion. He did not think it too early to forward the Addiess, but was rather of opinion that it should have been adopted before. He agreed with the general tone of the Address, but would wish it to be modified before it was adopted by the House. He had," as \ member of the Com mittee, recommended it to be printed, and obtained a copy, which he had since lost. The hon. the Advocate-General was also on the Committee, and had, as he (Mr. Baker) understood, a considerable share in drawing up the Address. (Laughter-The Advocate General shook his head.) Mr. GWYNNE would second the motion that the House do go into Committee. He was one of those who composed the Committee from whom the Address emanated. (Laughter.) Knowing as he did the great acumen of the hon. Collector of Customs, he certainly was astonished that one so versed in criticism had been unable to find in the Address more than one or two very immaterial faults. It was a very easy thing for a single individual to draw up a document to please himself, but it was difficult for seven or eight to sit down- and compose an Address embodying the views of all and free from blemishes. But, whatever were the faults of the Address, he, for one, was willing to take his share of the blame. (Laughter.) Indeed, he much questioned whether a better Address could be coucocted. (Continued laughter.) He did not know that State docu ments were in general such as would stand the test of hvper-criticism. The Duke of Wellington's masterly despatcheis from the Peninsula were not very gently handled by the celebrated Cobbett. (Hear, hear.) It was much easier to point out errors than to correct them. Mr. DUTTON would support tbe motion; and, with all due reference to the acumen of the hon. the Collector of Customs, would say. that if there were faults in the Address the' Council were capable of correcting them. He thought the House ought not to separate at the end of its first session without adopting an Address to Her Majesty. He had intended to have made a few other remarks,' but re membered that it was near 3 o'clock. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL was about to address the House when the clock struck, and, On the motion of Mr. BAKER, the House went into Committee upon the' PREFERABLE LIEN BILL. Mr. BAKER said, when the Bill was last before the House, the question was raised as to whether liens on wool and mortgages on live stock should be made transferable. The 6th clause was reserved for the further consideration of that question. He would move that the clause be read. Mr. HARE suggested the registration of the mortgage as-a means of facilitating the passing of the document from one to another. ? Mr. ELDER would wish to see the clause struck put. He believed that bankers were disposed to advance largely onwooL ?' Mr. HAR T would support the clause as it stood. He %ould not see why the document could not pass from hand to hand by endorsement. Capt. BAGOT seconded the motion that the clausebe struck out, which bong agreed to, the'7ih!i with a slight amendment, agreed to. The Clauses, with the preamble and tide, were severs-^ when .the CHAIRMAN brought up the r8TOrt, «Bd Mr. BAKER gayei%ioiit» .of the third reading on Friday next. ,' . 4> " .(Stx4IMAJ^TS, BELIEF BELL. , ^ The House baying gone into Committee upon this Pill, Mr. BAKER moved the recommittal of the 2nd clause, for the purpose of appending a proviso to .protect .^minal;/ defendants from incurring loss. .'TV , Mr. WATERHOUSE seconded the motion, which was . carried. , . ,svt The Souse divided upon the preamble,' when it was car-^. riedby a majority of 11. ; T ' The Bill wasthen ordered to be printed, and the {loose resumed. ' OFFICIAL SALARIES. * The House went into Committee upon the report of the Sub-Committee appointed 15th October, to enquire, into the salaries of the officers comprised in'Schedule D., Farts L and II. Mr. KINGSTON moved as an amendment that the salary of the Advocate-General, which stood in the schedule at £1,000, be £750. Mr. HART seconded the amendment. . The REGISTRAR GENERAL would support the Schedule in all respects except two. First, he would pro pose that the Sheriff be struck out of the schedule, and placed on the Estimates; and second, he would propose that the salary of the Treasurer, who KaVI to give very large securities, should be £650. He would support the item of £1,000 as it stood for the Advocate-General .upon the condition that he practised as a barrister only. . Mr. WATERHOUSE said when the report was first brought up, he thought £l,0d0 not too large a sum; but a ? great change had since taken place.in the aspect of affairs.' They had already voted the sum £162,000 for. the next ? year, and he feared very much that the total revenue would not exceed £100,000. Mr. KINGS TON said if they were to carry out the sug gestion of the hon. member for East Torrens, they must go back and cut down salaries. They had just raised the salary of the O Hcial Assignee from £300 to £400; nay, the advance was'as good as £300, as his former, salary had been paid away by him for assistance. He considered that the offices of Advocate-General and Solicitor-General required to be filled by men of much higher qualifications, and if they raised the remuneration of those who did not need such special acquirements, surely they would vote something more for officers who were inadequately paid. Mr. WATERHOUSE admitted the justice of the remarks which had fallen from the hon. member for the Bcrra - but though he did not go so far as to say, reduce the salaries of those already raised, yet, as an act of prudence, he would at least oppose raising any other salaries for the present. Capt. BAGO T could not altogether agree with the hon. member for the Burra. .He considered the duties of the Law Officers of the Government could not be effectually discharged unless their whole time was given to their duties. He would put it to the Registrar-General, whether the now absent Advocate-General had not given night as' well as day to his duties; and- also as to the completeness and fullness of all the measures introduced by him. He (Capt. Bagot) felt willing do justice to Mr. Smillie because they differed on many points relating to colonia, politics. He had it from the highest legal authority in the colony, that the tact, talent, and manly sympathy with which the absent Advocate-General had conducted the business of the Courts was deserving of all praise. That lie was absent oil account of impaired health was a suffi cient proof of his indefatigable assiduity. Now as to the question of salary, he considered .that £1,000 a-ycar was quite ample for the office of Advocate-General, who should for that sum give his whole time to his official duties, and he hoped an individual would be found in the province to accept the office on these terms; but when the Acting Advocate-General, from his place in that House, had said it would not be worth his while to do so, and supposing no one could be found in the province who might be willing to accede to those terms, why they must look out of the province for a competent person to' fill the office of Advo cate-Genera!. He would not, however, dwell on this point, as he felt somewhat assured that if Mr. Smillie should con tinue too unwell to return to Ids duties in this colony, another individual would be found in the province to under take the duties for £1,000 a-year, without claiming the pri vileges of any private practice. He was also of opinion that in the uncertainty under which they laboured as to Mr. Smillie's return, it would be better to retain the hon. gentleman who now discharged the duties of Ad vocate - General * at such a salary pro tern, as would secure his services; and if His Excellency had placed an insufficient sum upou the Estimates, the Council must add to it, always bearing in mind the g^'at depression of tiie times. They liad already voted £y 4,000, and lie leared there would be a deficiency of £60,000. It behoved them, therefore, to be careful of squandering the public revenue, if the Advocate-General aid the Solicitor- General wore allowed to practise as bar risters, he considered that £600 as a salary for the former, and £400 for the last-named gentleman, would bs amply The REGISTRAR-GENERAL was delighted to hear the hon. member for Light bestow so <;reat an encomium on the absent Advocate-General. Had the hon. membci earlier discovered the value of his services, he would, per haps, have moved in the old Council for an iucrcase of his salary. lie should not speak of the tact, talent, or ability of Mr. Smillie. Hon. members must bear in mind they were voting salaries to the office and not to the individual; and he hoped they would not be carried away by any personal motive whatever. As the hon. member for'Light had the opinion of the highest legal authority in the colony as to the talent of a certain individual, he would surely be glad to secure that talent, and therefore could scarcely refuse an adequate remuneration. He could not however disguise his opinion, and he hoped the hon. gentleman deceived himself, though he could not deceive him (the Registrar-General) that iu voting on this subject, it was not a remuneration to the individual, but to the office. Hon. members bad alluded to tDe depression of the times. He was not a croaker, and though the colony was last year affected by a stagnation of trade, and there was a stagnation , now, he hoped it would soon pass away. Capt. BAGOT disclaimed all personal feeling. He looked to the office and not to the mau. The REGLSTRAR-GENERAL moved an amendment to the effect that the proviso restricting from private practice should be struck out. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL said before the amend ment was put, i;e must say a few words in duty to one who was absent, and for the interest of any one who might hereafter fill the office which he himself at present occu pied. He trusted that hon. members would not impute to him any interested motives if he selected himself as an illustration of the manner in which an Advocate-General might be affected by a restriction as to private practice. He, as acting in the absence of Mr. Smillie, received a re muneration of £500 a-year, and be believed that no person, either in or out of doors, could say that that was an ex cessive salary for his services. He spoke not as to the ability of the individual; let others judge of that. He spoke of the actual amount of scrvice rendered, which could not be considered as overpaid, at £500 by any one who knew what those services were. But he had private prac tice, and was able to attend to other business without neglecting his duties while acting as Advocate General., The Council, however, proposed that the Advocate-General, for an additional sum of £200, should give up the most lucrative part of his profession. Ho would say that such an arrangement would entail an abso lute loss, and he would therefore prefer to be only Acting Advocate-General all his life, with a salary of £500, than become the Advocate-General, at the proposed salary, if restricted from all private practice. With regard to" the salary of £1,000 a-year,' his meaning had been misunder stood on a former occasion, when he said he would not give up his private practice for that amount. The office of Advocate-General could not be looked upon as a permanent one. He had held office under Government before the pre sent time, and had had occasion to resign on account of a clashing of principles, and it might so happen that a similar necessity might occur not only to himself', but to any one "filling -the office of Advoeate-GeneraL He did not; allude to the possibility of being turned out of office, but rather to the impossibility any. right-minded man would find in keeping office, arid at the same time doing violence to his own principles.. It was on these grounds that he stated he would notresignhis private practice. Again, he had bee:< a few year.; - in this colony, and he had reason to believe he was respected, ^nd had obtained fop himself a certain private business which rendered him independent both of thjfeSi Government and of the colony generally." This, in his pre^jf sent position, he hoped to preserve; but if he resigned hu 3 private practice and said to clients, " I can no longer./ attend to your affairs," he might have to begin the world! over again. He had thus given reasons why he wouldf preserve himself independent of Government, and be ,neS would place himself in the situation he had pointed fT® He also considered it a' matter of importance to the col) generally that their law officers should be left unfet and thus be respected by the public. He considered an Advocate-General, with £750 a-year, restricted. private practice, would be in a worse position than^hgj was with £500 a-year. He might be called, upon*"! the office of Advocate-General, and in fact he .hadj under certain circumstances, to expect the, be made to him, and in such case, "s might be the salary, he should feel it incumbent 3 put aside all solicitor's practice, and lie should^ still, Mr. Smillie had, and he himself should bavfy; .very frequently to particular cases in wMdig U ; General, he might take part without experientr~ harassment. Nevertheless, he Qonsidepe^rii General should not take solicitor's . pract£ce|ffi ^ therefore dep{«catedthere^lution:j4er' " posed to come to. Hon. members itself and vote such a salary asY with the duties of that office, i mendation thai ;thei individual free t»inwp]f fromany.practicewhichj ;: bdt'he «troogly ^Objected that die Council should; ^tTro^^aiU_pTwate practice, j .* >*ljlitiB 'joif lull services to t^4ol<>iiy^ Be troste^iioi^^ineai 'IwBS^woald veiiraoredit"'fbr the dismterest&4ii&gfl6F; liis ijpmin,]iniBg thus^njmmitBi to etpUin the' Afferent' Inarings of a.case winch would affect fcnywte filling the offioeha now occupied. He should notremainto vote. Tbe has. gentleman from: the House. ~ Hr^HAJUB Baid that after the manly and lucid expla nation they had just heard, ho considered that'he conld offer an amendment which might probably meet the views' ; of boa. members. He would move that tite proviso against private practice be struck oat; that the salary of the Attorney-General be £750, and that of the Crown-Solicitor £500 per annum. Mr. -WATERHOUSE seconded the amendment, which was carried. " After some farther remarks Froln Mr. HAKE, the REGIS TRAR-GENERAL withdrew his previous amendment. First Clerk of the Siwremte Court On the motion of Mr. GWYNNE, that the salary of this officer be £250, The REGISTRAR-GENERAL said that, upon the recom mendation of the Judges, His Excellency had instructed him to propose that the salary should be £200. He there fore moved that that amount be placed on the Estimates. Agreed to. Clerk to the Advocate- QenesyiL A considerable discussion ensued as to the amount of salaty to be voted to the office of clerk to the Advocate General, in which Mr. KINGSTON, Mr. HART,thb REGIS TRAR-GENERAL, the COLLECTOR of CUSTOMS, Mr. ELDER, and Mr. GWYNNE, took part, when Mr. ELDER proposed an amendment, that the salary of this officer should be £200 per annum. The motion was seconded by Mr. GWTNNE, wheu, ? upon a division, the SPEAKER announced that the amend ment was carried by a majority of 1. The Sheriff On the motion of the REGISTRAR-GENERAL, the .item of Sheriff, with the salary attached thereto, of £400, was struck out of the schedule. Contingent Expenses . On the amendment of the REGISTRAR-GENERAL, the sum placed on the schedule for Contingent Expenses was raised from £23 to £100 a-year. « Administration of Jastice (exclusive of Establishments.) The REGISTRAR-GENERAL moved that the sum placed under this head be amended from £1,517 to £2,15(3, which was carried. The Colonial Treasurer A long discussion took place upon the salary to be at tached to the office of Colonial Treasurer, when Mr. HARE moved as an amendment that the salary be £G0Q per auuum. Mr. GILES seconded the amendment, which was carried. Mr. WATERHOUSE then moved the introduction of a clause tp the following effect: "This Council, however, recommends tli.it the increase of salaries proposed be not acted upon until it shall appear to the satis faction of His Excellency that the income of the ensuing rear is likely to be sufficient to meet all the items alrej.ly a^i-eul u>~iix the Estimates." The motion was seconded by Mr. GILES. Upon a division, the SPEAKER announced the motion to be lost by a majority of 4. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL tli -n moved-" That the report do stand." Agreed to. , Tne House having resumed, and the SPEAKER Chairman having brought up the report, Mr. KINGSTON moved-" That the report be adopted, and that an Address be presented to His Excellency re questing him to adopt the same." ; Agreed to. The House then adjourned till next day at 1 o'clock. 1 Tkwrsday, 18tk December. RESIGNATION. The SPEAKER informed the House that he had received a communication from Major Campbell, intimating that he had resigned his seat in that Council. PETITIONS. Mr. GILES presented a petition from the Gunieraeka Farmers' Society, praying that the Road Amendment Act. and an Act to amend the Impounding Ordi uancc, may be passed during the present sitting of Council. Also a peti tion from certain Fishermen at Glenelg, praying that a por tion of the sea-beach may be set apart for the preservation of oysters, and means taken to protect from depredation the shell-fish so deposited. ' Both petitions were read and received. Mr. ANGAS presented a petition l'rom the hundreders of Gawler Town (adopted at a public meeting), praying for an amendment of the Impounding Act. On the motion of the hon. member, the petition was received, read, and ordered to be printed, with the accompanying suggestions. NOTICES OF MOTION. >' Mr. ANGAS gave notice that he would move the farther consideration of the Address to the Queen. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL gave notice that he would to-morrow (this day) move the second reading of the Trans portation Commutation Bill. Also, that the appendix to the report of the Committee on Public Works ba printed. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN MINING ASSOCIATION. The SPEAKER laid on the table au Act to facilitate pro ceedings by and against the South Australian Mining As sociation, which had received Ilis Excellency's assent. MOTIONS. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL moved that the reports of the Select Committees, the Murray Naviga iou Com mittee alone excepted, be prepared by Friday next. He did so with a view to work up the business of the Council, and the motion applied particularly to two Committees, each of which should at least report progress, even if compelled to sit over to next session, and there were matters on the Es timates that could not be closed until the reports were brought up. ?Mr. KINGSTON seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL moved " That the report of the Committee on Public Works be adopted." He re ferred to the definite instructions given by the House to the Committee, and the attention bestowed ou these duties by the members of that Committee. Mr. HART called attention to the petition of Messrs. Weir and Lambeth, which complained of the Government Architects being allowed to compete with the private candi dates invited by the Committee. The hon. member agreed with the petitioners that it'was unfair competition,'and added that a still greater cause for dissatisfaction arose from the fact that the plans and estimates were submitted to the Engineer department to be reported on, thus in some degree constituting interested parties judges. The Council, on the motion of Mr. KINGSTON, re solved itself into Committee on the question, and Mr. HART went on to argue that officers of Govern ment, who had fixed salaries and unrestricted faculties, should not enter into competition with professional archi tects. The salary of the gentleman whose design was ac cepted was £400 per annum. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL-Only £250. Mr. HART-By the recent alteration he will have £400. He was not disposed to decry the ability of Mr. IS. Hays, who was, he Believed, one of the most efficient officers under Government; but he could not see how that gentle man could carry out the object of the House. How was tile reward to be obtained ? It. was proposed to give a pcr ' centage on the outlay for the design and superintendence of the works. Would he resign his official appointment for the sake of 5 per ccut. on £6,000 ? Besides, as the designs of the private competitors had been reported on by the Government officers, their designs should, in common justice, have been submitted to be reported on by the private architects. Ho would, therefore, move that the plans and estimates be submitted to a Committee of the whole House. Mr. KINGSTON said he could see no objection. to a Government officer employing his spare time in drawing plans, and called attention to a minute of the Committee, \- which recommended that where the cost of construction would evidently materially exceed the estimate, the com petitor should lose all benefit from the acceptance of Ms design. Capt. BAGOT thought the report should be amended by the introduction of that recommendation. Mr. NEALES seconded the amendment of the hon. member for Victoria, whose arguments had not been answered. A Government officer, successful as a candi date,' should do one of two things-he would have to resign liia appointment, or abandon the commission. Supposing lie resigned, what security would the House have that the' ' work estimated at £7,000 might not cost £17,000? Mr. KINGSTON-The builders must be bound by their .contract The architect would have only to superintend' the work, and Bee his plan carried out Mr. NEALES'was informed the plan approved of would ?? cost fer more than the estimated amount. He called at tention to the petitions presented with reference to the site i>f the "bridge, but admitted he had nothing to object against the proposed span of 90 feet, which would, he was certain, if properly built, be sufficient for twice the -volume of water that would ever come down the river. Mr. 'HARE, derided the objections made to the competition of Government officers, especially as one of them had won le prize. Mr. BUTTON made a few observations upon the severe ; remarks of the hon. member for North Adelaide. .Ttfr. NEALES convulsed the House by naively declaring £ lie bad not only made no strong remarks, but that he L made noremarks at all. . Iv'BUTTGN continued by saying be would ask if it tot a yery usual; thing for unsuccessful competitors to isfied. The Committee. had taken every possible in to prevent dissatisfaction, and it was strange, if cho8en was so very objectionable, that only two veen 30 and-40 who had sent in designs could he -tb'dispute the decisions of the Committee. It ill 16 the petitioners to tnakeStriclures of the estimated .'fliey thacn^lves;were riot very accurate in such 'was exemplified t>y M&e; Bank of Australasia, : ' ' ' which had cost something llkedouble' the aammt of ^he ' opgirial «s&nite.; fie woidd, however, adriiit that the liapnrt was deficient, asnot^tttdying tto appendix; lie" T^ould therefore vote fijrits lieing withdraws, -that it Bright beamended. . ; Mr. KINGSTON ttiought QOfeetspan &r; thebridgeJ Amply 6uB5efeftt, as daring jthe last winter, the heaneSt i flooib fc&ssed; througha spaceof70 feet from bank to frank < ufehi theBiteoftheolcLCity-Tiridge. . The EEGISTRAR-J&ENERAL; regretted thtt.tiieiip. pendix was not added tothereport. The only ,6hje6t .that the Committwe hadJp -view was to get the very fest'design possible; if that selected were to be set am&e;,merely be cause it emanated from & gentlenian Connected with the GoVenunent, they would have to be content with die second best. He saw no reason Why jjw snccessful competitor should be expected to resign his dfice; he had, indeed, been suspended in consequence of the recent changes which had i>een made in the Colonial Engineer's department, and he might, or might not, be reappointed as Colonial Architect. He did not think it was any part of the duties of the Council to fix upon the site of the bridge, as that could-best be done by a professional man. He, howeveiy believed; as far as bis judgment went, that the site chosen was the very best that could be selected, as.the -whole width of the river could be spanned by an arch of-90 feet; He had, as a member of the Committee, taken into calculation the three elements-site, span, and expense; in other respects, he would bow to the superior knowledge of the hou. member for the Borra, whose professional acqairementsqualificd him to judge, of the merits of such undertakings. He would certainly object tf> any removal of the site, particularly as a foot bridge would be constructed, in connection With the railroad, nearly opposite Morphett-street? and the bridge under consideration would be very nearly oppositKing William-street. Mr. NEALES-This plan was not drawn for the occasion (holding it up). The REGISTRAR-GENERAL-The plan which I take as my guide, Was drawn for the occasion. (A laugh.) Mr. KINGSTON, as, a member of the Committee, would declare that he knew not the names of the designers of any of- the plans, except one, aud he had been unsuccessful. Air. HALL said the successful competitor most either resign his office, or he could not snperintend the works. The SPEAKER then put the motion, " That the Report I of the Committee on public works be withdrawn," which j was carried, and Council resumed. ONKAPARINGA TRAMWAY. Mr. PEACOCK movedt pursuant to notice " The consideration of Itis Excellency's Slessage to this Council, of the 5th instant, in reference to the formation of a tranurafrom the Onkaparingn to the sea, with a view to tlie presentation of an Address to His fixcellency, recommending tlie immediate commencement of such work, in accordance with the t-irnis of such Message." He thought few subjects of greater importance ha-i been brought before the Cotlncil. It proposed to benefit a body of men who had had very little done for tlicm from the general revenue. During the last season they had been completely shut in, and unable *to bring their produce to market iu consequence of the impassable state of the roads. It had been estimated that if the proposed works were im mediately constructed, 6,000 tons of produce would be shipped during the present season. The cost of carriage of the ptoduce from the Noarlunga district at present was estimated at £1 5s. per ton; but the contemplated improvements would reduce the expense to about one half. , He thought the far mers were, as a body of men, the stay of the colony, but they were an ill used part of the community. He believed a very large portion of the £2,550 would be saved to the public in consequence of the heavy weights which would be taken off the coinmoa roads, by means of the water transit of goods. He was highly gratified to learn that His Excellency had expressed his intention to construct the works from the Crown moiety of the land funi. Mr. HARE would second the motion. The difference of expense between laud and water carriage was quite enough to determine the question of profit and loss to the farmer. .The cost per bushel of the carriage of wheat from Noar lunga to Adelaide, with the present means of transit, was from 8d. to lOd. per bushel. By the cou:einplated improve ments, the cost of transit would.be reduced to 4d., or perhaps 3d. per bushel. Hon members might find, if they chose to make the calculation,* that a saving of 61. per bushel oi' the produce of a tract of country within a raiius of eight miles from a given point, even if producing only 20 bushels to the acre, would amount to more than £21,000. Another important point should not be forgotten- the coasting trade would be encouraged by this undertaking. This consideration ought to be of itself .a sufficient induce ment with hon. members to give their support to the measure. The coasting trade of England had been the foundation of British maritime greatness; and now, where ever the winds wafted or the waters rolled, there the British flag was flaunted triumphantly, and the British mariner was to be found. He hoped to see the day whenthe country settlers iu our maritime districts would be as ready to handle the oar as grsap the bridle. On tlieinotiouof the REGISTRAR-GENERAL, the House went into Committee. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL than said the hon. member for Noarlunga had shown the importance of tiie works so much to his satisfaction, that he would only say that there was a reef, nearly three miles iu lengih, which protected the mouth of the Onkaparinga, and inside ?rnich vessels even now occasionally anchored. He would give the motion his most cordial support. Mr. BAKER said the motion, if adapted, would open up one of those outlets for the produce of the colony which were so much required. The amount of the .estimate for the construction of the work was so very trifli.ig when compared to the expense which would be saved iu road making, that he would give the measure iiis hearty support. It was of the utmost importance that they should use every means in their power to promote the interests of the fanner, as ho feared the time was coming when it would be ex ceedingly difficult to obtain labour at such a rate as would be rcmumerative. It required the labour of two men, be sides that of the farmer himself, to keep in cultivation a section of land. If then they calculated the value of each man's labour for the year as equivalent to 300 bushels of wheat, and took into the calculation the expenses attendant upon the working of oxen, &c.;, they would see the im portance of supporting a measure which tended to keep the expenses of production and transit within the amount which would probably be realized for the produce in. the market. Mr. HART was surprised at the line of argument hon. members were taking. They had on former occasions ad vocated intercommunications by land; they now seemed disposed to reverse their former decisions. He was glad to find that light had broken in upon them at last. There could be no doubt but that the proposed tramway would be of infinite advantage to the settlers in that district; he believed the expenditure required would be productive of greater benefits than could be attributed to any previous amouut that had been voted by that Council. Mr. ELDER said he was decidedly in favour of the motion. He was gratifiediM find that his Excellency had determined upon constructor the works from the Crown moiecy of the land fund, and would congratulate the hon. member for Noarlunga upon the privilege he enjoyed of thus basking in the sunshine of the royal favour. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HALL very much doubted if double the estimated amount would be sufficient to construct the proposed works. The report stated that tbe produce of the country could be shipped at .all seasons of the year; but he questioned tbe correctness of that assertion; he would advisd the Council to look before it leaped. The proposed works, he thought, could not be completed for less tlfan £10,000. The motion was put and carried. CAPTAIN STURT'S PENSION BILL. This Bill was read a third time and passed. ROAD AMENDMENT BILL. On the motion of -the REGISTRAR-GENERAL that this Bill be read a third time, Mr. DUTTON asked the hon. member for Barossa whether any alteration was contemplated in the line of road from Gawler Town to the Murray. Mr. GILES replied nothing was decided upon in the matter. The Bill was then read a third time and passed. EDUCATION BILL. The COLONIAL-SECRETARY, in moving the second reading of this Bill, said, he should be expected to explain tbe principles upon which it was founded. It was the first Bill he had had the honour of introducing to that Council, aud it would probably be the last, and as such, he felt most anxious that it should be carried successfully through the House, as in that case he should be the hpmble means of doing greater amount of good than any that had hitherto bean at tributed to him. Before he went into the consideration of the Bill, he would say a few words in reference to the past and present condition of the working classes. He would remind hon. members of the time when long continued wars prevented all attempts to educate the masses of the people when there were but two classes, the rich and the poor when the working classes were expected to do everythiug, and nothing was to be done for them. These were never theless called the " good old times," but they belonged to a rude age. Any man who hdd compared the past and present condition of the working classes, must be convinced that a great change had been effected, and that they would never fall back "into that state in which they were found half a century ago. The influence which the education of the people in the mother- country had upon the provinces was very great, and it was their duty to instil into-the minds of the young those principles upon wliich the safety and union, of the community so much depended. Que of the first acts of the reformed Parliament of England was t > take into consideration the best means of carrying out a system of general education-it enunciated the principle that national education and national greatness could not be separated. The Bdl he then called upon them to consider proposed to impart not only the preliminary arts of redding, writing, and arithmetic, but also the high branches of geometry, mathe matics, and the sciences. There might be objections to the details of ; the Bill by some hon. members, but itwas the anxious desire of the Governor, as be was sure it was of that Contiail: that a measure of tliaikind shonld be. passed, sagge^tnwtJmtainod:in1^e*e^W^r'l&e;|^ifiSG^^«;"'li; &!rff<the fonn^iiia^f ^^^«ehobls: lit propi)sai^raiBe i sam iJjJon 6oloAiftl debentures, of Sufficient amount, to «nihi3; tbo Central Board of Education to build school iloiises,-,the estimated a uonnt;to be so raised Was £10,000, -which itproposed to borrow at -6 per cent,'and in addition to'the interest there yrauldbe 4 per cent. pat. aside as a sinking fund for' the ultimate repayment of the prinsipal. It was estimated that the salaries <jf the schoslmasters would amount to from £4,000 to £5,000 a-year. He would not longer detain them with defcailSj but when the Bill came Tinder their consideration, he-wonld, be happy to meet any of the objections which horn members" might bave to make. The REG-ISTIiAJB-GrENER AL wduld second the motion.' Se could scarcely expect that honi members, would make much opposition -to the nieasnre, as it set Out upon the principle of slidttingOut all religious controversy, at the sanie time that it recognised the principle that religion was ' the basis of all education. The proposal to establish normal schools was: of the utmost importance, as a man ' might have his mind stored with knowledge, and yet not be in possession of the secret of imparting that knowledge, to others. The Bill was not the first of the kind which had passed the Legislature of South Aus- . tralia. but was brought in with a view to the correction of | the dcfects of the former Ordinance, more especially with respect to the ages of the children, in whose behalf the Bill was introduced. From the returns which had been made' it appeared there were 102 schools receiving aid from the Government, the attendance on which .ranged from 20 to 60 pupils, the average being 25. From the census returns it appeared that there were 7,000 children in the province between the ages' of four and nine years, of which number | there were 4j000, or nearly two-thirds, who, as far as could' be ascertained, were receiving no education whatever. It had been estimated that the sum of £7,750 would be suffi cient to build schools in all the settled districts of the colony, and that the salaries of the masters would not ex ceed £4,250. Mr. HARE said it afforded him the greatest pleasure' that such a Bill had been introduced by the Governor,' and be hoped all- Government measures would be cha racterized by the same liberality. He looked forward with great pleasure to the time when the advantages which the Bill proposed to impart would be seen in many good effects produced upon society. As illustrative of the results of a general measure of education, he-would read an extract from the evidence of Archbishop Polding. Mr. Hare then read a paragraph to the effect that a very marked difference was to be seen in the general habits of the people in New South Wales since the introduction and establish ment of educational measures by the Government; and i went on to say that evidence of that kind, coming from such a man as the Catholic Archbishop of Sydney, gave him strong grounds for hoping that the measure before the Council would be productive of incalculable good. In Manchester the efforts of a few philanthropic individuals to originate and establish schools had issued in producing most remarkable changes'in all classes. He was ex ceedingly glad to find that the present Bill proposed to" es tablish education upon a religious basis. No man could possibly object to a system which was founded upon such a principle. He regarded the Bill as one which would obtain the consent of all right-minded men, as an olive branch of | peace; nevertheless, if it were not taken up by hon. mem bare in a kind spirit, he would rather see it withdrawn. He thought the bonds upon which it was proposed to raise the amount required would be equivalent to exchequer' bills in England. He saw the hon. member for West Ade laide shake his head, but he (Mr. Hare) saw no objection to such bonds. On the motion of the COLONIAL SECRETARY, the Bill was read a second time ; after which the House went into Committee for its further consideration. The 1st clause was then read. Mr. GILES proposed an amendment to the effect that the provisions of the clause should extend to the members of the Jewish per.suasion. Car-ied unanimously. Upm the 2nd clause being read, Mr. ANGAS moved the following amendment, which was seconded by Mr. HART: -" That in clause 2, lines 3 and 4, after the word 'main tain,' the following words should be substituted:-' Good secular education and moral instruction based on the Holy Scriptures.' " A long and interesting discussion ensued upon the pro posed amendment, in which Mr. PEACOCK, Mr. ELDER, Mr. HART, Mr. DAVENPORT, Mr. KINGSTON, and Mr. ANGAS spoke in favour of the amendment; and Mr. WATERHOUSE, Mr. HALL, the REGISTRAR-GENE RAL, and the ADVOCATE-GENERAL opposed the in tended alteration. The House divided, and the amendment was negatived by a majority of 1. Mr. ELDER then proposed, and Mr. PEACOCK se conded, the following amendment:-11 That in line 4, the '?yords ' Holy Scriptures' be substituted for ' Christian re ligion.' " After so'ne discussion as to whether tbe proposed altera tion would not shut out the Roman Catholics from the benefit of the proposed Act, the amendment was carried by - a majority of 1. Several other amendments upon this clause were pro posed, which the COLONIAL SECRETARY was of opinion would so militate against the intention of the enactment, that he would move that the clause be reserved until some further advice had been taken as to the probable effects. Tne REGISTRAR-GENE (iAL seconded the motion.. Clause reserved. Clause 3rd haying been read, Mr. HART proposed an amendment' " That, in lines 7 and 8, the words, ' as in general impolitic and dangerous, both to parents and children,' be struck out.' " The amendment was lost by a majority of 2, when the clause was passed as priuted. The 4th clause was then read. M. GILES moved as as an amendment that the clause should read as follows, " And be it enacted, that there shall he a Central Board of Education, four members of whom i shall be nominated by the Legislative Couucil, and three by i the Governor; the members of the said Board not exceeding seven in number, to be selected without reference to party politics, and not being ministers of any religious deno mination." The House divided, and the number of votes being equal, the SPEAKER gave his casting vote against the" amend ment. Mr. KINGSTON then moved, and Mr. ELDER seconded' an amendment to the following effect:-" That in lines 3 and 5 of the same clause the word ' Legislative' be substi tuted for' Executive.'" This amendment was lost by a majority of 3. Mr. WATERHO USE also proposed an amendment, when, after considerable discussion, I he ADVOCATE-GENERAL moved that the Com- | mittee do adjourn till to-morrow, which was carried by a majority of 1. THISTLE ERADICATION BILL. The House then resumed, and on .the motion of the REGISTRAR-GENERAL, weut into Committee on this Bill. The 3rd, 6th, and 7 th clauses were recommitted, . and ] severally passed, after some few verbal alterations." The ADVOCATE-GENERAL read a new clause, to be called the 9th clause; also a clause to be called the 11th clause, more particularly defining the description of plant known as the thistle, which were both agreed to. The 9th clause in the Act was then agreed to as the 10th clause, when the House resumed, the -Keport was brought up, and the Bill was ordered to be printed with the amendments. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL then gave notice that he would move tbe third reading of the Bill on the following day. THE ESTIMATES. The House went into Committee on the Estimates pro forma, and adjourned till the next day. The Council then resumed, aud adjourned till 1 o'clock j next day. I Friday, 19th December. I G. A. Anstey, Esq., the new non-elective member, was j introduced by the lion, member for East Torrens and the hon." member for Port Lincoln, took the usual 'oaths and | his seat. \- NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. YOUNGHUSBAND gave notice that he would, on' I Tuesday next, move- ? " That the memorial from the settlers and Stockholders north of the River Uroiighton, for the extension of postal communication into their district, be read and considered, and that an Address of this Council be presented to llis Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, respectfully re questing him to comply with the prayer of such memorial.'' Mr. ANSTEY gave notice that on Wednesday, December 24, he would'moveFor leave to bring in' a Bill to amend the Road Act." Mr. DUTTON gave notice that he would, on Tuesday , next, move "The further consideration in Committee of the Licensed Victuallers Amendment Rill." Capt. BAGOT gave notice that on Wednesday, De cember 24th, he would move " For leave to bring in a Bill to amend the Registration Ordinance." Mr. HALL gave notice that on Wednesday, December 24, he would move- ? . " That the report of the Select Committee on the necessity of placing a temporary light on Troubridge Shoal be adopted." " Mr. HART-gave notice that.he would on Wednesday move " That the report of the Steam-Dredge Committee j be adopted by this House." 1 ^ The REGISTRAR-GENERAL gave notice that on I Tuesday, December 23rd, "he woul4 move the further con- | sideration of the Estimates in Committee. ' ? REPORTS »? The REGISTRAR-GENERAL laid upon the table the | amended (third) report of the Committee an Public Works, j winch was read and ordered to be printed. ' j at; jjjffiffia jntefatifaofflie Government to jn trofonft in JBillj <yasiA^ei|:that ;hj§|&| cienfc^owers !to& TidjWtnS grieViiricds complained rof inXhe: Impounding Act, hut'it ^vaa jnbt.iiow cpnsideifed lively ^x6j House -would pass the" Bill this session. ..' The Advocate^ Generalhad therefore "'been instructed to 'prepare-afeill to' amend the Impounding Act, which would shortly be laid upon the. table, r , . . -s Mr.yDUT'TON asked the Collector of Customs whether it vras possible to lay upon the table t.Hig session theamount of Customs receipts, collected. since ,the. 1st of. November last. . '" ' ' ' , .. The COLLECTOR of'CUSTOMS replied thdt the fetirfns asked for could be procured in ten minutes, and he would cause them to be laid on the table prior to the 24th instant;, To a question from Mr; -WATER HOUSE whether it was. true that gold had been discovered atMount G&mbier;, and. that the Government had instituted enquiries as to the. . The REGISTRAR-GENERAL replied that His Excel-, lency had stated in Thursday's Gazette upon what termsthe reward for the discoveiy of gold would be granted. With regard to the .issuing of licences, His Excellency had ?ap pointed aCommission, consisting of the Colonial Secretary, Air. Babbage, and the Commissioner of Crown Lauds, to prepare the necessary documents for that purpose. MOTIONS: Mr. KINGSTON said, there was a misprini in the motion he was about to propose ; the 34th clause ought to be read the | 3rd clause. The hon. member then read the" clause in the Act referred to, which enacted that all land grants should be for the purposes of public worship, schools, and places of interment of the dead. There were certain "exemptions for the immediate operation of this clause which were further provided for by the 4th clause of the same Act. In the return furnished of the Ecclesiastical Grants there appeared 346 acres to be applied to the purposes' specified in the 3rd clause; and all the other grants, as those .-for glebes, houses for ministers, or similar purposes, were in contravention of the Act. There were 29 acres of which there was no record . at all. Amongst the names of ministers mentioned in the return' to' whom grants ,had been 'made - for glebes, houses, or the such like, lie observed the names of Disher, Shepherd, and Murray. He did not knowthat those gentlemen were entitled to grants even upon the grounds of b-iing ministers. The whol of the grants, cxcept for the purposes already mentioned were illegal ; and he therefore moved u TiiAt tliis Council declare that all the grants enumerated in the return laid on the tabic oa the 9th inst^ in pursuance of the vote of tills Council on the 26th August^ which har« been granted for other purposes than'as the sites'of places of public worship, or as the places of interment of thfe dead, are in contravention to the 34th clause of 5 and 6 Yic., cap. 36, are therefore illegals" * Mr. AN GAS coincided in the opinions- of the hon member for the Burra. It appeared that certain denomi nations had received grants of land for other purposes than for schools or places of religious worship. He should wish to see the system of grants entirely done away with; and he hoped the House would enter into the question in such a manner that their decision would set the matter for ever at rest. ? Capt. BAGOT said that in referring to the Waste Lands Act for 1842, it appeared that its regulations had been entirely departed fvom, by granting land to form glebes; and however useful such a proceeding might be in itself, yetr it was plainly contrary to law. The" officer at the head of the Government, were he so disposed, could as lawfully grant 20,000 as 20 acres. It would only require the same signature and a similar quantity of paper to do either.' He did not object to the grants of 20 acres as glebes ; it was a useful system, within the provisions of the law, but it was not so in this instance; and when Acts of Parliament were infringed, it was the duty of that Council to express its opinion unreservedly. On such grounds he would support the motion. Mr. DAVENPORT considering that the grants were not legal, would vote for the motion. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL considered the Council would, adopt an extraordinary course by affirming the reso lution ; it would be no less au act than that of constituting itself a judicial tribunal to decide upon a point of law. The Legislative Council might come to a decision upon a point, and the Supreme Court might see fit to reverse that decision. It therefore behoved hon. members to be careful lest they brought the Council into collision with that Court. He did not think the hon.'member for "the Burra had taken the best course to obtain his object. Mr. BAKER would support the resolution, as he con sidered the law had. been infringed. If as the hon. the Re°is trar- General stated the Council might possibly place itself in a false position as regarded the opiuion of "the Supreme Court, he should liave thought that the law officer of the Crown would have been in his place to prove that the views taken by hon. members were wrong. He would put aside all matters verging on the church question, that question being one already settled. The question now was whether these grants had been legal, and whether the Go verror should continue to act upon the system which had hitherto bjen pursued. He considered the Council ought to express an opinion on this point, as there was no other body to do so. He felt much obliged to the hon. member for introducing his motion. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL rose to order. The qnes . tiou bsfore the Council was not whether His Excellency was breaking the law. Mr. BAKER considered he was in order when endea vouring to show that the acts of Government were done in defiance of the law. He had frequently expressed an opiuion that the Government ought to preserve the law in its entirety, and he considered His Excellency bound rather to support than stretch its provisions. In this respect the question was not his, but one that essentially emanated from the acts of other parties. He should always prefer to know that His Excellency kept ? within the bounds of the law. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said it was not His Ex cellency who first issued grauts. '.Mr. BAKER (interrupting the Colonial Secretary) objected to His Excellency's or Her Majesty's name being brought into discussion in that House. It was not with personalities but with principles they wished to deal. The COLONIAL SECRETARY continued to say that the system of land grants had been commenced by one Governor and had been followed by his successor. He agreed with the Registrar-General that the Council might place itself in a very awkward position by coming to a de cision which might hereafter be reversed by an opinion of the Judges. He should oppose the motion. Mr. DUTTON was of opinion, after having consulted the Waste Lands Act, that the grants which had been made for the purposes alluded to in the motion were altogether illegal. He considered that this Council was the first body which had possessed the power to deal with a case of that description, and he supported the motion be cause in one instance the law had been broken ; the sooner the possibility of a repetition of that infringement was pre vented the better. Mr. NEALES, as one of the Conservators of the Town lands, must protest against the grants referred to in the return, and more especially to that poi£ion of Victoria square which had been set apart'for a particular purpose. No doubt existed in his mind that by the 3rd clause of the Land Regulations the grants were illegal They were, however, placed in that Houie as legislators, not judges and he considered their decisions ougiit to be based upon the legal talent which the law ofiicers of the Government might afford them. Mr. ANSTEY felt some difficulty in rising to speak to the motion. Having only just taken his seat he could not be expected to possess the advantages of hon. members who hail, no doubt, well considered the subject. Never theless, he felt it to be one of considerable importance, not only as regarded the Church of England, but as affecting all denominations alike. He thought the question was one likely to unsettle the titles of many places of worship, and hon. members might unintentionally do great harm. (No, no.) Let them do the least possible harm, if they could not do much good. He. would move, after the words " in terment of the dead," the following words be substituted "Being in contravention to the principle, if not to the terms of the 34th clause of 5th and 6th Victoria, cap. 36 ought for the future to be discontinued." He considered the amendment weuld prevent any illegal infringement for the future, without disturbing the present.position of things. Mr. WATEUHOUSE seconded the motion. Tht Go vernment might have beeu in some degree justified in making grants, but ought not to be allowed to issue them for the future. - Mr. PEACOCK considered it very strange that hon. mem bers should pronounce certain acts illegal, and yet attempt to justify them in the same breath, and say that no remedy' ought to bo taken.. The Judges would not surely act in such a manner; and if the arguments of the Registrar General were good for anything, the Government might just' as well grant 20,000 acres as one. In pursuance of false reasoning the whole of the lands of the colony .might* bj given away. Mr. KINGSTON replied. He agreed with the remarks which had fallen from the hon. members for Light and Mount Barker.. The amendment of Mr. Anstey would hot, meet the case, as it "did not suffice merely" to restrain the issuing of grants for .the future.. Very lately, grants had been made for glebes, gardens, and ministers' houses; and not for places of worship, as restricted by the.-Act. . The. time had come for determining that it was not for Govern; ment to frame enactments, and to put them aside by any illegal forms. ,. j Mr. Anstey's amendment was put and lost. The griginaL motion was then put and passed. . . .' ... Mr. KINGSTON mov:ed,"pursuant io notice. " That the whole of tlia land in yietoria-sjnare was .'reserved for the use of the public when the eitjrwas founded; and, therefore, that the grant (which, by the retiUn laid on tile table by the Colonial. Secretary on the 9th InsL appears to' have been made) of one, acre of! the land In Victoria^ihare to the Bight Reverend AugostasShort, D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Is illegal." ". He held in his hand two documents which would .prove, the illegality of the grant. The firet was the regulations of the Commissioners for the. sale of town-lands, in which it; "be set apaAfcr' tlfe i settlers, e'xcUisiye streets, 8quaaps,&c.; andfythe ifasf i^^y.pa^on«f 'Vict()na-(qaaT8 ? ' ago aua attempt:^ tojeecnreanridifefbr Go vempiBjGtoy<.T- fief9WDld:C^oK aay.kidi appropriation of tHe pnblic-iandB, attending to .destroy th« <^trthrity »f Mt» tOWZUv. ?. ,' ._ ;,« . .. .' : .'.. -.'. i .i.'>?' -<-..' '?.» ' v.-: { :; ? The, E EGISTRAR-GENERALknew not fay what idMd; ' ,orinstximent ;thB squares sand; other* portions of the town' ' wereswoj^fnjm&e;^g devoted to religion# purposes rat any rate ,it -was a fwint of lawwhich it "was not fcompetent . for .the. House to decide;, :; :.v 7. . Capt BAGOT said the Commissioners had givenflirec tions to the Surveyor-General to lay outthe <3<y~ttnder ! certain regulations*. .and it Wasthe diity t>f that CooncU to see tbfct tiieywert notinfnngedjas it Would bei mpossible to iay where tbey.shpdld stop if once they permittedthose regulations to, be. set aside. . "->. .'. - . , Mr. iJUTTON, as oneof thdmembers-folthe city, Wouldr enter his protest against the proposal to devote! apurtionof Yictoifr -square for -the use of one particular dmnrnin.ri^. of Christians, .as an. act. of great injustice, andcalculated to. keep alive denominational jealousies. The Church Of England always came in for the lion's share. He'would deprecate ;the appropriation of the acre in question as an act of manifest wrong to the Roman Catholics and others who, had purchased. lands within a few yards of that which had ,been granted to the Church of Engknd. Mr, BAKER supported the motion, bat could not help -remarking that he. had seen a plan of the City of AaJaMfe in whjbh there was a representation of a cathedral on the acre. in. ijucstiou^ and he believed the 'plan was the pro* duction of the hon. mover of the present motion. . Mr. ANSTEY said the Council were imperatively bound to affirm the motion. He would not object to the appro priation of, the acre to religious purposes W it been pos sible to consecrate it to the use of aft denominations; but as it was devoted to but one religious body, he would de clare it to be illegal, improper, and invidious. Mr. ELDER said the principle had been enunciated in that House that the Governor was above all law. He would, therefore, move that the word "unjust" be to the word illegal. Mr. NEALES thought the mere fact of a cross having been made in a map was a very insecure tenare upori which lands could be held. He was quite satisfied that if the , present motion were ngt affirmed by the House within twenty-four hours, there would be half a dozeu different denominations puting in similar claims. Mr. KINGSTON replied, in answer to the remarks of the' hon. member for Mount Barker respecting a cross having bien inserted in a plan of the eity, that he (Mr. Kingstoi^ had seen a drawing in which shipping were lying at anchor behind Government-House. (Laughter.) Mr. ELDER'S motion not having been the original motion was put and carried. - CITY WATERWORKS. Mr. DUTTON moved, pursuant to. notice, "Tjiat the report of the Select Committee on Waterworks be adopted." ? He said the report had not been printed in consequence of the press of business at the printing office;, he would, however, ask them to adopt the report, in order to save the delay which would otherwise be occasioned in consequence of the recess being so near at hand. From the, report it would be seen that in order to obtain a sufficient quantity of water to supply 30,000 inhabitants, and also to be avail able in case of fire, the Committee had recommended the construction of a reservoir at about six miles above the city, by throwing a dam across the TorrenB. The Com-.' mittee had proposed also that the furnishing of plans and estimates for the works should be thrown open to public. competition, subject to such regulations as were embodied in "the report, by which means they hoped to secure the services of those professional gentlemen whose talent only required^ be fairly brought into, requisition. It was the intention to advertise for such plans and estimates to be sent in on or before the 1st of May. " Mr. KINGSTON seconded the adoption of the rebort. On the motion of Mr. DUTTON, the report was"read. Mr. HART said if Government officers were permitted to send in plans for the work, he would 'prefer that the report should not be adopted by the House, as he. was sure that professional men would not be found to go to the trouble aud expense of preparing plans under such regu lations. Capt. BAGOT said the report would be more acceptable if it were confined to the amount of water required, under a certain pressure, and to flow to a given height. Mr. BAKER objected to the adoption of the report, which was only in manuscript, and proceeded to remark were it not for what had been called a factious opposition, they might h-ive been squandering.away £500,000. . The REGISTJIAR-GENERAL rose to order. The hon. member was not in order in referring to what had taken place on a former debate. Mr. BAKEli contended that he was in order, and pro ceeded to animadvert upon the plans which had been sub mitted to the Committee by the officers of Government He thought it very desirable that the works should be opened to public competition. Nothing could induce him to consent to a proposition to borrow money so readily as tlie design to supply the city with pure water. Air. WATER HOUSE would second the suggestion that the report be withdrawn. The REGISTRAR GENERAL would vote for its im mediate adoption, as the recess was near at hand. He would say, in reply to what had fallen from the hon. member for Mount Barker, that no opposition that had been . made to the Government measures had ever been denounced by him as " factious." Mr. DUTTON said he would withdraw his motion, in order that the report might be printed. It was not the in tention of the Committee to permit the qfficers of Govern ment to compete for the works. PREFERABLE LIEN BILL. Mr. BAKER said it was his intention to have asked leave for the recommittal of this Bill, in order to the intro duction of a clause in the place of the 9th, which had been struck out; but as the hon. the Advocate-General was not in his place, he would move that the further considera-. tion of the Bill be adjourned until Tuesday or Wednesday next. Adjourned accordingly. CLAIMANTS' RELIEF BILL. This Bill was read a third time and passed. COMMUTATION OF OFFENCES BILL. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL, in moving the sedftnd reading, said the principle of the Bill was so simple that it would be necessary for him to occupy the time, of the House by any lengthened remarks. They were prohibited from transporting their convicts to the other colonies, and a Bill which had lately been introduced for employing them upon, public works had not been confirmed by the House. The object of the present Bill was to empower His Excellency to commute sentences of transportation into imprisonment with hard labour.... The House then went into Committee, and on the mo tion of the REGISTRAR- GENERAL the 1st clause was read. Mr. DUTTON asked if the effect of that clause would be to allow the pr soners to leave the precincts of the prison. There could be no objection to employing them upon public works if they were not brought into, contact with ,-the free labourer. The Legislature of New South Wales had lately passed a Bill for removing prisoners from the gaols to public works, where their labour would not be merely nominal, but remunerative. He would : propose " That the word ' imprisonment' be struck out." The REGISTRAR-GENERAL said the clause was the same, wordrfor word, as that which had been passed by the Council, when the Bill to which he had alluded was before them. It would be quite competent for the Governor to erect prisons in different parts of the country where they might be required, and to come to the House for the.vote of a sufficient sum to be placed upon the Estimates. Mr. BAKER approved of the clause as it stood. : The former Bill had not been rejected by the Council, as in timated by the hon. the Registrar-General, but withdrawn j by the hon. member by whom it was introduced. . Mr. ANSTEY xsaid the Bill involved the very important; principle of prison discipline. . He believed the . Council had' made a great mistake on a former occasion, when they pro-' p.ised to confine and employ miserable offenders- within; . walls 20 feet high, The prisoner should not only be em ployed upon works of utility, but be made to feel that he was so employed. The. close confinement of prisoners was a part and parcel pf the cursed system of the galleys and the hulks j Which had led to such .horrible consequences. The j>oor Wretch looked forward perhaps to the going down of the sun as his only relief and to him, perhaps, the future of his We was without hope. It had been stud that the" sight of prisoners working in chains would have a de moralizing effect, and that such a spectacle oughf; pot to be exposed to the view Of their wives and children^ He' thought such opinions were indicative of k mawkish sen timentality. . , ' Mh WATERHOUSE felt, in common with jollier hon. members, that they had on a forbjer occasion.made a great mistake. It was well Tsnownthat long imprisonment ? had a demoralizing effect; and,'had produced disease^ viously unknown to the medical profession.. . . ., <. ? i > Mr. ANGAS said thtt inthe United: States,- of American the. prisoner was eihployed in.: such a mariner; as that: his labours sbcrald be temuneriitiTC/ « y." Capt. BAGOT regretted that the former Bill'had been* withdrawn. He was npt one.of those thiri-ikimied people' who objected t&\- doorp. ; f " Mr." DUTTON thbaght ia srtretch might be, made jin order i to put the' Council in "a 'position Jto out thepljjoqtloEi the last Bill, particularly as' they had' an' opportunity availing .themsetvesojof. the-;iSttggestioil£' contained in. the? despatches lately. ^received? from;. Earl i^Giiey.>;Thfe hon.* member for, Barossa hadiaid thatihe. labour,-of criminals la : America wLs remunerative, butsaehiwa® not-.tbe case in1 Eugland,7the cost ®ar year for prioooera -being £16 pie*;! *---J"jx:'u-tBi*-bi .ji&i;'ifr j X1 GILljSs^id if/a^w^re h^meadiere *hey "would not get on with the business be foire toe House. « . coOeitgtte. Py yE#^*fcwffil terputin ahefi ajiiositlcn as to be «hfe to teeathe^tne tttiti lw a ieaTeti, and not be confined in a pnsonjnoi touIs t(3 fart high, or condemned to the un profitable awW of die tnSainilL The miserable wretches, nnde/ OTch treatment,^ were neither likely to profit their wfliOT iwr, as bis friend the bon. maober fiir Tttdt would sajr. thdifeoidsV' ---' ? . -v/.; . Thelstcltftiso Was then pat and rained. The 2iid'ij«ue having been rtad, ' ' '' ^ BAKER asked if hon. members were desirous of en fairing upon the consideration of the question as to how convicts wereto be employed. ' would not take upon him 8®" the responsibility of incorporating such a In «w preseMt .Kit, unless with the entire concurrence of the House. . *'-The 2nd and 3rd clauses were then read and passed. v-Mr. BUTTON mated, and Mr. ANSTEY seconded, the addition of the following clause: "And bett enacted, that U shall be lmrfifl for flic Ueutenjnt-Gorer aorto employ anch convicts under sentence of imprisonment with hard ~TPr< .nd-to divide the said convicts into snctrnsmber of working £«T«>Mtp,hlm shall soem desirable, and from time to time to.appoint SJ® woroag JJarties to labour at such portions of the public winks of uwtolony as he ghdll, for the time being, deem most advantageous: nnto soch rejplatious as he shall deem fit to prescribe, and with the advice ofthe Executive Council." The REGISTRAR-GENERAL submitted that as there wa8..n2.' a rery House, the Committee should adjourn until Tuesday next. Mr. BAKER seconded the motion, which was put and Cornea, and the House resumed. EDUCATION BILL. . REGISTRAR-GENERAL having moved the House into Committee upon this Bill, read a letter which he had received from the Catholic Bishop, to the effect that if the amendment which had been proposed on the previous day were adopted, he could not recommend those under his pas toral care to send their children to the schools. He (the Registrar-General) had also "received a letter from Mr. Mon tefiore, on behalf of the members of the Jewish religion, ex pressive of the approval of the proposed amendment. ? The 2nd clause was then recommitted, when Mr< ANSTEY said if it was intended to construct the clauso Bo as to prohibit the schoolmaster froni imparting to the children religious instruction, it would be based upon a most damnable principle. He made use of the word iu its. proper and legitimate sense. ,Capt. BAGOT moved that the clause be struck out Mr. SEALE8 seconded the motion. ;; Mr. WAT ERHOUSE hoped hon. members would guard against the introduction of sectarian distinctions. .Mr. DAVENPORT was in favour of the clause as it Stood. REGISTRAR-GENERAL said if the clause were struck out, it would be a denominational measure. Mr. ANSTEY did not pretend to represent any Teligious denomination; on the contrary (Bursts of laughter.) Would hon. gentlemen let him finish his sentence ? On the contrary, he would affirm that no distinction ought to be allowed to exist between the children of one sect and those of any other. He considered that religious instruction 'Ought to be optional with the parents or guardians of a 2 itcertainIy oaght not to be compulsoiy. He wopld therefore more an amendment, which he considered in all sincerity would have the effect of obviating the difficulty experienced by hon. members. Who, he would ask, ou°ht to interfere and say that children should not receive religious instruction, if their parents wished them to be so instructed? Such interference would bs an act of the most infernal tyranny; and to use an expression from the vocabulary of his hon. friend the member for Yatala, could only proceed from the bottomless pit. He would move that after the first part ol the clause which provided for a good secular instruction, the following sentence should be introduced s "And that religious instruction shall be imparted to children only with the full approbation and permission of the parents and guardiaus of such children." ; The COLLECTOR of CUSTOMS would second the amendment, because he felt persuaded that if no measure were introduced to prevent religious instruction being part of the -education in schools, hon. members would create a considerable majority elsewhere against the BilL He .thought it better to leave it to the parent to say, " I will or will not that my child shall receive religious as well as secular instruction." Mr. HARE considered that if hon. members struck out the words, " Christian Religion," they took away the very soul ofthe BilL He was of opinion that the Irish system, which had worked so well in the British dominions, might be.advantageously introduced here. Mr. GILES believed all hon. members wished to sustain the Christian religion. They were all Christians, and all wished to give their children a good secular education. If they were to choose religion as the basis of that education they would get to loggerheads. Religious instruction might be imparted, and more properly, from the mother's knee-in the Sabbath-school, or at the hour of family prayer. It would be better to leave these things to parents and the ministers of religion, and preserve their schools free fjrofti all possible chance of sectarian division. Mr. HART spoke in favour of Mr. Austey's amendment. Mr. ANGAS would wish the schools to be regulated so that a child.should have the privilege of reading the Holy Scriptures. If, however, they were to introduce secta rianism, they would ultimately arrive at almost universal anarchy throughout the colony. Entertaining these views, he would oppose the amendment. Mr. ELDER had intended to move an amendment, but as the amendment of the hon Mr. Anstey coincided in great measure with his own views, he would support it for wart of a better.. Mr. HALL said no one particular measure could be ex pected to give universal satisfaction. He would, therefore, wish , to see the majority satisfied, and he considered if they merely gave a secular education, they would be likely to j jive offence to a veiy great majority. He would rather not i lave any education system whatever if it were not to be combined with religious instruction. Ca.pt. BAGOT could not suppose it was the wish of hon. members to exclude religion from the schools. He most assuredly did not. (Hear, hear.) Nevertheless, he did not advocate a system whereby religious instruction would be made compulsory. He preferred that it should be an open' question, and left to be decided between the parents and the teacher. Mr. HARE moved as an amendment, that the clause do stand as printed, with the addition of the fallowing words: -" That in all schools established by and under this A^t the Irish national system of education shall be adopted as far as possible, more especially as regards the setting apart of two afternoons, in the week for religions instruction by the ministers of different religious bodies, to the children of such parents who may desire." The SPEAKER, here intimated that the clause then stood as printed, with the amendment of the hon. mp-mfrpr for . East Adelaide, as carried on Thursday. Mr. HARE said that Dr. Whately, a man of great intellect, had considered the Irish system of popular edu cation to be one of the most perfect. It had been found to work to the satisfaction of all parties. He thought the system would be found to work well here. Mr. WATERHOUSE seconded the motion of the hon. member for West Torrens. He hoped to have religious instruction without any sectarian principle. ; Mr. ANSTEY viewed the remarks of the. hon member for East Torrens in a different light. His wish was to have nothing which would prove antagonistical to the harmony of school education. If they introduced a system of edu cation based on Protestant principles, they would find bigoted Catholics who would object to that system. On ?the other hand, if the education were based on Catholic principles, they would have the bigoted Protestants talking ofthe Scarlet Lady'of Babylon. He verily believed that the ? amendment proposed by himself would remove *11 jealousy, and confirm the grand principle' of education, while it did not interfere with the tenets of any particular denomination. Mr." BAKER stated that Ins chief wish was to see children made good citizens. He would move that after tiie word "secular" the jrords " and moral" be introduced, and the words " based on the Christian religion" be ex punged. Mr.' KINGSTON seconded Mr. Baker's amendment. Upon the' discussion which followed, Mr. HALL, Mr ANSTEY, Mr. WATERHOUSE, and Mr. HART severally ' ! adduced -several arguments pro and con.; but, upon a division being Called for, Mr. Baker's amendment was put. ' ; The votes being equal, the SPEAKER gave Ids Vote against the amendment. Mr. HARE'S amendment was put, and lost without a :<G vision. Mr. ANSTEY'S amendment was then put, and carried by a majority of 8. The fourth amendment, that the clause be struck out was lost. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL then moved, that the clause do stand ,as amended. 1 "Mr. WATERHOUSE moved that the clause do stand as ?printed. . Mr. NEALES seconded the amendment of the hon. /member for East-Torrens. . He considered by the "amendment of the hon. Mr. Anstey as many sectarian shops Wouldibe opened as there were schools. ; Mr. GILES spoke in fevour of the last amendment , jMr.'ASiSTEY hoped the House would not be led away "oy the wiMfireof certain hon. members., Hedidnot tfiinfc 'thattany feystemwould be found to operate'for thegoodof ^aUclaB&ea; unless religious abstraction woto left optional 'ostween ibe'£are~nt'and the iristrubtorof the child. ' f"&y.;,l NEALES felt -confidant thatthe .cli^use' -as pagfrfld' \- woiild'Pever work; and thelrest thing tHeRe^trar-fiS^ral .coUldJdb would be to withdrawthe BilL ." . *rhich thoHbuse had disposed of. He was jiot well versed in j^lia^nlary, |&w;( jiijt always understood that, Speaketco'mmenbed pat!ting amendments to the, HouBe, he began with the last one, and continued ton until:,each ^ question wasdisposed of and that ao-fcdditiolQal amendment oould.ia the tnftftntime. be proposed. No snanliked to be defeatedjjbnt If the hon. member for MountBarker,in bis desire to avoid defeat, was allowed to reintroduce his original motion, he would induce tfec House to stultify itselC (Hear,. hear.) . There was nothing in the amendment to affect the religious freedom of Jew or'Gentile;' and, although his Tctcnd.who sat in that House as the member for Yatalahad said that the mothor'6 knees was the place for a child to ne, instructed, and that it wan the duty of the State toeducate those who were deprived of their natural gnafdS&nfe;, he (Mr. Anstey) $aid there were many children rthose parents utterly .and shamelessly neglected their duty-(hear, hear) -and the state , of such children called as loudly for com miseration as if they had no parents. (Hear, hear.) * He trusted that the Amendment, brought forward in such All unconstitutional manner, would not be put by the Speaker, or, if put, that it would be rejected by a larger majority than before. , The SPEAKER read the first and second amendments, and^ deciding that they were essentially the same, refused to put the latter to the House. Mr. BAKER moved, and Mr. WATERHOUSE seconded, that it was a fit and proper question to put to the House. On a division, the motion was negatived by majority of two. . _ \- Mr. Dutton's amendment was then, put and cairried, and thc Qommittee adjourned until Tuesday next. THISTLE ERADICATION BILL. ' On the motion of the REG-ISTRAR-GENERA.L .this. Dill was read a third time and passed. Council adjourned until Tuesday next at I o'clock. 