-'^Tmknglish hierarchy. (From the Tablet, ? October 19.) 'I he Times of Monday last is unreasouauiy ?Mted because the same authority which 6 prec'ed the See of Canterbury, and tfer d on it the Primacy of all England, cor[n «iM.Bd to renew all the dormant !!roeativeB of that vacant Church in the I 7 Archipiscopal See of Westmister Jrhich, as any one may perceive is, to all Ints and purposes, the See ot London, nd called Westminster only for the purpose !f avoiding the civil inccnveniencies of using the name of a place occupied by a member of the spurious Anglican Hierarchy. With ,e2ard to the erection of this See, it may be nteresting to mention the fact, that when St. Gregory the Great first organised the Vnirlish Church, he named London as the J«? of the Primacy, that city having been similarly dignified in British times. But as, under the Saxons, London had ceased to be the emporium of *? ngland, and as the seat oi Government had been transferred to Can terbury, St. Gregory, as we learn by a docu ment of his successor, authorised St. Augus time to erect the chief See in the new me tropolis. However, the first plan of the ^?eat and keen-eyed ' Watchman' of the Church is now at length to be realised, and London is to enjoy the honours originally intended for it. We do not understand, Miprefore. why persons should affect to laugh at the Pope's ' presumption,' as if it were an unheard of thing that he should pre tend to meddle with the constitution of the English Church. Perhaps it does not occur to them to ask themselves the question, why the same authority by which Canterbury and York claim to be Metropolitan Churches, and to preside over older British dioceses, and by which our Sovereigns still pretend to hold the forfeited and now meaningless title of ' Defender of the Faith,' should not be competent to annul what itself granted — to annihilate what it created — to transfer what it located, or to revive that which had died awaj— for that is dead which is separated from the source and centre of its life — the power which is necessary to creation is ne cessary aiso for preservation. In this act of Pius IX. the Puseyites have that open declaration for which they have so long been professing to look. Rome, said they, has never yet formally spoken against us— her Bishops, indeed, are sent here, not as having any local authority, but as Pastors without flocks — Bishops o£ Tadmor in the Desert, or of the ruins of Babylon, intruding into territories which they cannot formally claim as their own. This specious argument is, once for all, silenced. Rome has more than spoken — she has spoken and acted ; she has again divided our land into dioceses, and has placed over each a Pastor to whom all baptised persons, without ex ception, within that district, are openly com manded to submit themselves in all Ecclesi astical matters, under pain of damnation ; and the Anglican sees, those ghosts of reali ties long passed away, are utterly ignored. And the Pastors of these new Sees are sent to us, not in the strength of this world, with riches, honour, or influence, but in poverty and contempt, with faith and de termination, the arms with which the Apos tles conquered the world. The manners of the primitive ages are renewed. It is thought no disgrace for a Prince of the Church if he has to reside in a third-rate quarter of the city, to live in straitened cir cumstances, and to exhibit none of that splendour which usually i3 supposed to be a necessary appendage to a Cardinal. Nay, lie is sent, without misgiving, to a country where a late atrocious assault shows to what excess an English mob may be led, because ys lie said at Rome during a public recep. tion) the Holy See had not selected the new Cardinals for any other reason but because «»-« vigilant eye detected one quality in all ot them, a determination to shed the last «rop of their blood for the defence and ad vancement of God's Church. What can be done against such men ? As they do not Prosper by earthly weapons, so neither will *ney be overcome by them : the hierarchy was not re-established in England without counting the cost. No insult will be unex pected—not even violence would astonish 8 i but it is not insult or violence that will 8'*y the work which the Head oJ the Church ™ ^ppOinled to be done io this awakening 