GUANO. Extract of a Letter from a London Mercantile House, dated Dec 24, 1850. "We are without any arrival of ships from your colony, but various accounts are afloat as to the quantity of guano in Shark's Bay — one of the newspapers has just published that Mr Gill- man had started for the Mauritius to charter all the vessels he could ; while another account is, that there is not 3,000 tons there. We may mention that Colesworth & Co , of Jones and Younghusband, of Liverpool, have, it is stated, sent out 8 or 9 ships ; we will not vouch for the correctness of this. Our idea is that so soon as Scott's time is out, the Governor should fix the rate he intends to charge, ' and that thereupon he should offer to the Colonists generally the right of removing it, and not throw it open to the whole world. The reason is this — if vessels seeking, pay the rate of, say, £1 per ton, that is all the benefit the colony gets; but if the Governor confines the taking it away to the colonists, they will pay tlie same rate, export it on their own account, and any profit drawn from it returns to the colony, there to be expended' We believe Mr. Hutt intends to write to Captain FitzGerald to this effect, and we really think that it is nothing more than what the mercantile com munity of Western Australia have a right to expect. London, Dec. 30. — We have now to advise that we have detailed news from Western Aus tralia relative to the guano ; and that the Govern or purposes charging £2 per ton for it ; of course if he holds to this determination, it is pretty clear that very little, if any, can come to this country. The charge is just three times what it should be, and we presume is levied solely to keep it in the colony. This is very shortsighted policy — it may put a few pounds into the Colonial Chest, but few, if any, of the colonists will reap any benefit from it. It is well known that land once manured with guano requires it periodically thereafter, or it will sink into an impoverished state for want of it. Of course with such a charge as £2 per ton, you will, we know, have had nothing to do with it. We may mention that the highest price of the best Peruvian guano is £9 5s. per ton, and this has, you are aware, been long and favourably known here. Suppo sing that the Western Australian fetched £7 to £7 10s. per ton, the expenses would swallow that up — £ $. d. Via. :— Charge for Licence ... 2 0 0 per ton Bagging per ton ... 0 7 6 Labour planking, and other expenses on loading ... 0 12 0 Freight ... 4 4 0 Insurance and Commission . ..0 0 0 £7 4 0 It therefore follows that there is no margin for contingencies, supposing it fetched £7 to £7 10s., and it must be a very good article to sell for £7. We only hope, from representations that you as well as others will have made to the Governor, that he will have seen the propriety of modifying the rate of £2 per ton; it will operate much against the colony, if he persists in demanding it, and it is really so much out of all reason, that we cannot but conclude there must be some mistake about it, and we are rather anxious for your advices.' NATIVE INSTITUTION. It is confidently hoped, from all we see and hear, that the time is fully come when something more efficiently will be done for the religious instruction and civilisation of the aborigines of Western Australia. It has long been a settled point from the best authorities before the House of Commons that it is utterly useless to attempt the latter without the former. Had the means expended for their apprehension, imprisonment, and executions, been devoted in sending moral agents, well acquainted with the language, in connection with Missionaries far away in the bush, where the horrid superstitious rites of the natives more extensively prevail — if this had been done, there is not a doubt the Government would have been saved much expense and trouble, and Christians would have had the happiness of seeing some of those excellent plans in operation suggested by the writer 'On Colonial Schools.' Is it not time that we all awake to our individual duty as Christians, and that our cries not only enter into the ears of the Lord God of Sabaoth, but that we shall also be ready to become co-workers with Him in their behalf. It is also to be much desired that the public mind be aroused and prevail, ' like the floods of great waters,' and overcome all worldly policy and opposition to the gathering in and upraising of these poor outcasts. We do not wish to press any severe reflections on the dreadful exhibition of justice in the late execution of two of them, and their pitiful cries for help ! It was deemed expedient to make them a terrible example, to prevent a repetition of such dreadful murders among them. Before the Judge of all the earth what is right and what is wrong will be the two grand propositions, and not expediency. Sophists may argue now, ' They will be silent there.' If their blood does not cry for vengeance, it does for instruction, and if not speedily responded to (by active measures for their improvement), will surely be required of a professing Christian Government. Shall we go on quieting our con sciences with our poor worthless sympathy with out effort, or shall we petition the Home Go vernment to assist on the same plan they have acted upon with regard to education at Home, by granting assistance to all denominations of Christians who would submit to their regulations. Reason and religion present strong claims that those poor natives, who are made subject to British Iaw, should share in British sympathy and liberality, by allowing a certain sum to any of our Missionary Societies who may have men willing to hazard their lives among them. We do know, from those who are connected wiih the present Institution, that none can succeed in their salvation but those ' Who are called and in wardly moved by the Holy Ghost.' For this difficult work others may be valuable assistants, but the influence and superintendence of a Missionary will be indispensable. It has been thought desirable, till some plans could be arranged and proposed to the Home Government, the local Government would appoint a Moral Agent, well acquainted wiih the language and possessing influence among them — to assist those engaged in the present Institution. It would serve as an experiment of what might be done for the future. If those murders are to be sup- pressed, protection must be provided by the Government for those who are required by their laws to revenge the death of their relatives. If prevention is not provided, and life is taken for a repetition of such custom, surely it will be mur- der most foul in the flight of Heaven. ' Verily there is a God who judgeth in the earth, and delights the injured to redress.' We beg to sug gest that provision be made for the reception of such in the Institution now in operation, and in all those that may be formed; and that the na tives be speedily made acquainted with such provision, that they may avail themselves of such protection. It would be easy to prove expe diency could not justify the execution of these poor outcasts, without providing such a refuge and suitable religious instruction. — Communi- cated. Vasse.— The natives are still excessively troublesome. The policeman, Mr R. Scott, was compelled to shoot at and wound one of them a few days since, while in discharge of his duty. 