LEADERS OF THE BRITISH ; . ¡ . - PßESS. . .. . . IRELAND UNDEK PERSECUTION. 4From the Weekly Dispatch, August 24.) j With tho. usnnl easy modest assmnnco of/'all, arrant quacks; tho promoters 'of tho: Ecclesiastical Titles Bill aro justifying tho' necessity of. the wrong they have inflicted,' hy - pointing ' to tho "natural' resistance oft tho^ wronged..' It is said of Uncle Ben! " that ho, Vas so Bure n shot that.whenever! the opossums saw tho muzzle of. his rifle,] ?they called out Don't waste your powder} '--.we'll como down; and go into your bag] quietly,, ßiheo we know we must go there! at any rate.'' Tho Times is quito iudig-i nant that a whole nation, and part of'an-! other, with British blood in their veins; andi Saxon notions in their heads, do not give j up tho ghost of thou- spiritual liberties on ' the more issue from tho Queen's printers' .of a sheet of what, in this caso, may most' ' literally bo termed fool'»-cap. Tho load- ing Minister and the leading journal, hav- ing been engaged a whole session in little else than stirring up the bigotry of Pro tostantisui, and insulting me Keene religious feelings of tho Catholics, affci to be surprised that, after having maddei cd' that theological fanaticism and pride < creed which all history shows to bo tl most dangerous of political experîmenti and the one sacred subject with regard t which men fling behind them all fear c consequences, and all respect for othc considerations, the " Papists" should nc » dutifully submit to insult and degradatio when the révocation of the Roman Cathe lio Edict of Nantes is embodied in an Ac ~ of Parliament. Thoy anticipated that th battle was to be a battue ; they forgot tha Irishmen are not opossums, but men, wit: iieiy passions, and a quick sense of injury ind that they are not only capablo of beat mg, but covetous of arms. Their prioste who in all ages: and in all countries aro tho most- powerful instrument ofj popular excitement and doods'of titi . hesitating daring, ore at ¡their hoad, lead ing thom on, and nt their ear, goadinj thom on. "'Tistruo, 'tis pity-and pit; 'tis,.ftis true." It would have been bette had it boon othorwiso ; but wo mustnecup hard facts aa wo find thom ; and the dut; as well as function of tho statesman ' is ti deni with facts, not to defy then). Thor is «o way, there never was any other way of meeting tho circumstances of our posi ticm; than that of recognising them a: actual entities, and making the beet-no tho worst of thom. We have ono natiot Episcopal-another Presbyterian-a thirt Catholic, all bound up together in otu United Kingdom. The two former have tried to extirpate tho latter as Pharao] did tho iIsraelites, but with the like ill sticcess. Oppression and confiscation have only made them grow the faster, and re- sist tho more effectually. As we cannol (thank Heaven) crush them, we should havo mudo up our minds to Uro ot peace with those of whom wo cannot get rid, and from whom wo cannot soparuto without .'.restoring tho heptarchy." And here il is but fair to keep in ronicmbranco. that il is by our 'compulsion that Ireland ie chained to us. Site has again ami again agitated for aud domanded a repeal of thc Union.: Bho does not ask us to bind up her fate with ours.. If there were a diffi- culty; on principio in excluding Iroland from the operation of a Bill which is not morely a badgo of sectarian degradation, hút'of national vassalage, it was our own making. Wo have insisted upon chain- ing ; her to., us, and thou wo pretend to chargo it upon tho victim of thoncccssitics of our own fancied policy, that her ' dau . gdrojis,proximity rcquiroH tho ehforcoiuont of an -Act of proscription. Justico, reason, right feeling, sound policy, equally/cry but against " a deed ns unnecessary ns it is perilous, and not less discreditable to tho senso of equity' of tho perpetrators, than insolent nud overbearing -towards its' victims. Wo judgo of other men by ourselves. If Ireland wovo to attempt to prohibit our . uso of tho very namo wo chooso to givo to our spiritual instructors, thora is no Act of Parliament to which England and Scotland would yiold ono hoiir's ohedienco. Can wo wonder at or blame that honourable pride and laudable spirit of national independence in others, which we regard ns a virtue in ourselves ? 4t Tho ides of March havo come-nyo, but not gone !" The Bill is passed-but we aro only at tho beginning of its couse , quoncos. ? The Archbishop of Dublin's, chargo is the órnelo or a prophot. Tho chief Protestant ecclesiastic in Ireland condemns the principio of the measure, »wi, what h» of mor* foriooa consequence, entirely reasons it down. Tko Ablest statesmen, Ute most eloquent «enators, the most experienced politicians of tho coun- try, embntcod in the Peel party, hove re aisted it in every «tage, with arguments which, in logic, although not in votes, are .irrefragable. The chiefs of the Radical party have spoken and voted against it. It has, therefore, the support, not of the reason, but only of the fanaticism of the country. The Catholics are encouraged and justified in resisting it, by the autho- rity of the greatest English senators. Even Lord Stanley was taken conveniently sick when tho wooden horse was intro- duced into tho House of Lords. One hundred and three Irish Members will bc arrayed shouldor to shoulder in the very heart of our camp, to bring our legislation to a dead lock, and to rout party after party ; placed in power oii tliopledgo of giving effect to this law. The curry-powder Dukc,: a renegade to his faith, and an offender against the law of Parliament and the i privileges of the House of Commons, has ! ! done his little possible to show the naked corruption of the smaller agricultural boroughs, and to strengthen the deinaud | for their transfer to schedule A, by issuing his commands to tho serfs of Arundel to j I elect a more obsequious flunkey in tho place of his own son (what a caricature of1 Brutus !) ; but only to the effect of heap- ing' disgrace on himself and his nominee, and drawing upon the object of his spite tho honour of tho choice of au independent constituency. To sum up all, a common danger and a common affront have, for the first time, driven the Eugliah into the arms of tho Irish Catholics, and a popu- lation in the three kingdoms of eight mil- lions, firmly bound together by one faith and a mutual senso of wrong, take' the. field against districted counsels, and a divided and irresoluto majority. Even1 tito two rampant Protestants who con-/ tested Greenwich, .were fain to pocket bigotry which was found to bo distasteful! to the good souse of Radical electors. In a word, tho law is already oponly and un-! hesitatingly defied, and tho authority of tho three estates is kicked ¡into thekonncl, and dragged through, the gutter.John Tuarn, Archbishop, of¡ Armagh," is . a signature published in every /city of ? Iro land,' and to bo found even in the columns of tho 1 Times, . 'f Paul'Cullen, Arch- bishop, ''Primate of all Ireland," with his sign "manual, boldly dashes through the Act of Parliament." ' Tho crazy Orange- men are again as rampant and' riorous ns in the palmiest days of the Roden era; and all this is the Session's whole work of a man who aspires to tho character of tho capacity to govern these islands. Is it necessary to predicate thc consequences ? Need, wc say that no Irish jury will ' convict under * this statute ? Need we add, that a verdict of acquittal would bo even the least embarrassing re- sult to tho Government ? It is, indeed, most : strango that the merest pottering politicians, the wretchedest red-tape Quid- nuncs, that ever held the Beals of office, have not even yet discovered the signifi- cance of Burke's proposition, that *' you cannot bring' an indictment against a whole nation." If all the houses iu Ire- land wore jails, they cot ld not hold the number who are willing to become mar- tyrs. If all the army were jailers, there would not bo enough to turu tho keys upon the millions who .aro ready to be- come prisoners. The common sense of justice in the English people, socrotly whispers to them that an Archbishop, chosen and acknowledged as BUCII by a whole people, wears tho title by an infi- nitely better right, in reason as well ns 'equity, than a' Beresford or' a Lee-tho creature of Orange üscondaney, thrust into a fat living by the forco of conquest, for ,tuo cure of tithe-pig bacon, in uetault ot a euro bf souls.. And for what sort of Protestantism, and who are the Bishops, on whoso behalf this English nation- is dragged into a quarrel with its neigh- bours ' and fellow-subjects ? A houso di- vided against itself-men presented to tho nntion by tho State as the only orthodox hioracby, and who are all ignoring each other's titles, disclaiming each other's authority, excommunicating, exorcising, calling each othor heretics. Hampden re- pudiated by his brother Bishop of Oxford and his own Dean and Chapter--Canter- bury disclaimed by Exeter as his metro- politan- Exeter, in turn, ignored by his own clergy. The one half accused by tho other of being Papists in disguise; tho one calling Rome a branch of the Imo Chuch-- another execrating it as Anti- christ. Here Bristol and Gloucester kid- naps the Tlorfiold estate ; there tho Bishop of Llandaff lets out consecrated ground for tho performance of a company of tum- blers-gets himsolf elected on the profes- sion of proficiency in Wolsh, and keeps away from his dioceso altogether to pre- vent his utter ignorance of tho language from hoing found out, and yonder stands tho Bisbod of Saint David's, playing at battlcdoor and shuttlecock with Archdeacon Williams, in tho way of banging the lia" from ono to another, with as little ccromony as. a couple of ballast heavers in a Newcastle collier ; and in the background may ba'soon in perspective, tho Bishop, Dean, and Chapter, of Rochester, detected with their hands in tho vory pocket of charity, breaking their faith aud trust to tho dead, who charged thom to bo honest, and ! confidod in thoir honour, filling their own purses with tho spoil of tho ignorant and tho needy, and compassing the ruin of tho meritorious citizen who found thom out. Tlioso bo your godR, O Romans 1" For this wo aro to Btop tho onward pro gross of Irish regeneration ; to doublo our army, and swell the burdon of our taxes ; to fomont distraction among our subjects ; to divide a house against itself; to cool our friends, warm our encinios, and poril ovon a civil war ; or rcduco the forco of our laws to tho authority of a piece of parchment, of no more account than the sheepskin of a drum, fit only to make a noiso with, or beat to arms. When tho minister who has brought us to this is our Robson's choice of statesmen, it is time we niade up our minds to save tho salaries of office, and try tb got on without a govern- ment at all. 