OHc JUgus* (ToBusnitD DAILY.) . I um tu t'ic [»M<*u wtieiro I uni lamín ÍH o enti'«' uiiiu to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak impugn It whoso list." SATURDAY, AUGUST 23, 1831. THK ELECTIONS. Wn come now, then, to a few words upon (lie last of the candidates for Mel- bourne, whoso claims to publie confidence we have to discuss; Mr William Nichol- son, Right Worshipful the Mayor of Mel- bourne. Before proceeding to examine the grounds upon which Mr Nicholson rests hie» hopes of success, we will notice one objection that lins been made to his election, which wo think not only unten- able, but positively ridiculous. It has been said in a quarter rather fumed for its con- tempt of the vox populi, anil for the nd vocacy of ii Bort of sickly gentility, that the Legislative Council is no place for tradesmen. Now, considering that we are here a mere youthful oh"- shoot, highly commercial in its nhnracter, of th« most thoroughly commercial nation in thu vvoild, we cannot but 1 a;h at fhe anti'tradesmen cry, so indicative of the real vulgarity of ill founded exclusiveness, the haughty sneer of the empty nristo'.-rnt. The fact of Eng- lish t ndesiiicn not being thought too menu for admission into the Parliament of Great Bi itain, is of course no satisfactory argu- ment with these pinchbeck gentlemen, mid | »vu are seriously recommended, here, in i this remote colony, of the creation of yes tortlny; te» adopt a teme of hoity-toity, fic- titious exclusiveness, which is long since exploded, in countries where the ttritto* eratic eleme'iit has boen at nil events dili gently cultured fur centuries ¡ with what succc s opinions widely rliftor. "Seest thou a man diligent in his busi- ness ? Ile shall staud before kings !" This was a favouiite pioverb with the journey- man punter, Benjamin Franklin, und ho lived to prove its truth, by standing befoie kings, in the most honourable position man could occupy ¡ negotiatingnlliancesbetween his country and the greatest nations of tho earth, and eventually presenting her with independent existence. .Let him combine with his diligence, intelligence, honesty, and patriotism, and if the British tradesman unsuccessfully claim admission into an/ assembly in the world, it ought to be upon some other ground than that of his calling; it ought to be in some other region than that of the youngest colony of the " nation of shopkeepers," who solely because they were a nation of shopkeepers managed to thrash the gentle- man who scornfully styled them so, and put a stop to his career of selfish and un- principled ambition, by locking him in a gaol of rock, in which it would have been better for humanity, if he had been always coged. Another rather amusing consideration a ises from this anti-tradesman cry. Where in such a money-hunting commu- nity as this, is the line to be drawn? We are all traders together. From His Excellency himself who is supposed to have done a little in the stock and station way, and was even once stated to be interested in a rather snug butchery business setmeivhere in town here,-down (should we say "down ? ") to the coffee-seller at the street corner, we see no one not trading; scarcely a single individual whose fingers are not soiled fcy the stain of "trade." Many of our weal- thier merchants do not scorn to tell in so small quantities, as to lead to charges of interference on the part of the shopkeepers Our settlers, gentlemen horn and bred, college-learned, and many of them quite sufficiently imbued with the notions of the haw-haw school, sometimes stoop to sell a fat wether to a wayfarer, or a fat bullock to a neighbour. Nay, they are occasionally known to look with some interest to the 'store," as yielding them a portion of their income, in the shape of profit upon a pair of boots or a woollen shirt sold to a shepherd ; and people do say, we hope untruly, that in out-of-the-way places, where competition from hawkers and others is not very active, prices are sometimes asked from servants nnd others, for tobacco, tea, slops, &c.;, which, from their extoitionate nature, come about as near swindling as any "gentlemanly 7 trans- action ought to do. Before we have done with Mr. Nichol- son, we shall show that thorp ure good grounds for believing him to fall short of that character in which, ns a public man, implicit faith ought to be reposed ; but wo do not consider any of these objections presented by his position as a tradesman ; and we beg of the moro intelligent portion of this com- munity, once for all, not to permit the hoisting amongst us of this flag of the seediest exclusiveness ; we beg of them not to recognise here, this very ghost of the aristocratic "principle, fast exorcised in other countries ; we beg of them when this paltry spirit exhibits itself either in re- ference to the tradesman or the mechanic, that it be kicked out from amongst us with the contempt it deserves. However, " revenons à nos moutons .'" Let us return to our muttons. Let us get buck to the Ri^kt Worshipful. We are very glad to be able to begin with commendations of the most unqual- ified character. We believe that/ if there be any one thinglegitiinately calculated to raise a man amongst his fellows ; if there be one aim nobler or better than another, it is that which takes the shape ol' a successful rfibrt to raise the character or improve the con- dition of the working classes. Even to fail in such an attempt is worth one half the successes of a minor sort ; but in carry- ing forward and peifeeling any scheme which shall achieve this end, even in a slight d-gree ; we hold that a man renders a service to the community which is beyond all price, and which shall compare advantageously with any other effort, of any other kind, or dictated by any other motive whatever./ This high honour we cheerfully accord to Mr. Nicholson The active part which he has taken in introducing building soci- eties amongst us, the watchful care which lie has bestowed upon them, adhering cautiously to all that was good amongst them at home, and yet promptly adopting any modifications which changed circum-, stances might render necessary, have en- abled him to do a service to the indus- trious workmen of this colony, which we believe cun scarcely be over-estimated. Nothing is so eminently calculated to raise the character and improve the con- dition of a labouring at tizan, as the en- couragement to put by a trifle out of his periodical earnings. It scarcely signifies bow small it be; how trifling the com- mencement; let but a man earning regular wages once begin to save, and the chances are, that ho is a made man. It opens his eyes to the follies of drunkenness ; it imparts a ray of hope for the future to every step he tnkes, or eveiy stioke he strikes; the world brightens around him; ho feels that lie has a stake there ; and he tries to fit himself to be worthy of it. This it is which gives such peculiar value to Savings Banks. It is not in reality so much the amount absolutely put by, ns the vulue of the habit of saving, which impnrts their inestimable advant- ages to these institutions. Pity, that our own should have degenerated through the nominee trustee-board of our finn and judicious ruler, into a mere plai'e fora hungiy sinccutist ! In this respect, thon, wo believe that Mr Nicholson has done n service to the state, of the very highest class ; and if the eflects are not yet seen in their full devclopcmont, tho process *n quietly going on, tttiel the day will como when tho results will show themselves most unmistakeably. But he li 'B done other services than these. Ina resolute stand against the -undue multiplication of public houses ; he lins struck a bold blow at that drunkenness which is still so prevalent around us. During the period of his holding office, n tone of firmness has been given to the proceedings of the licensing bench, which has infused a new spirit amongst the publicans; a class of men in whose hands rest3 a power for evil, which Í3 scarcely fully estimated. The value of licenses is increased ; the standard of the trade is raised ; and mon begin to feel that they cannot afford to resort to any of the rascally tricks, which a short time since frequently led to such horrible results. Before w« have done with Mr Nicholson, we shall have to speak of his faults in as plain terms as we now use to his good services . but with reference to the facts we have hitherto alluded to, we must sny that we could not well imagine a prouder posi- tion for any man, than for one who could really effect something, to come for wartFto his fellow-colonists of the humbler classes, with sobriety in one hand and frugality in the other. Let nnj man try it ! Let him be able to say conscientiously to himself, that he has done something, however little, to the furtherance of a spirit and practice, of thrift and sobriety amongst his neighbours, and he will find that he can very contentedly laugh to scorn, the empty baubles which readily catch the small fry who sti uggle for worldly distinction. Another gootl service Mr Nicholson has rendered us. In endeavouring to separate popular amusement from general drun- kenness, we happen to know that no one acted a more consistent or more zealous part than Mr. Nicholson. And if his advice had been taken, or if it had not been inso- lently over-ruled by some half dozen ivild men-of-the-woods for some object of their own, men would have still been walking amongst us, useful members of society, who are now sleeping the sleep of death. And yet, after all, there is a reverse to such a picture as this 1 But we must leave the reverse for ano- ther day. 