The South Australian Adelaide: Tuesday, April 22. A LATENT FOE UNMASKED. IT has been a favorite game on the part of the Voluntaries to taunt the advocates of the Grant with an alliance with Roman Catholics, as if that made the cause un- righteous. It now appears, however, that it would have been advisable on the part of the Leaguers to ascertain whether they themselves were free from any unholy alliance-whether, in fact, the Great Enemy had not revealed himself more distinctly on their side of the question than on that of their opponents. Our attention has been directed to a report by a contemporary of a conversation which took place after a meeting of Mr Giles's sup - porters at Gepp's Cross, between Mr Egan, Secretary of one of Captain Hall's com- mittees, and the Chairman of Mr Giles's meeting. On the authority of Mr Egan, we can state that the report of that con- versation is correct. In substance it was as follows Mr Egan twitted Mr Wells, the Chairman, with inconsistency in sup- porting Mr Giles, seeing he had repudiated Mr Crawford in consequence of that gen- tleman refusing to join the Anti-Dray and Land Tax League. Mr Giles had gone much farther against that League, having proposed at the Central Road Board to sue all who refused to pay the land-tax. The sequel is most remarkable :- " Mr Wells said that he supported Mr Giles simply because he was opposed to Government aid in support of religion, not from any other intrinsic merit which he possessed, and he would support any man, no matter how bad a man might be, provided he opposed the Grant for Religion. Nay, if the very Devil hi mself were to come forward he would support him provided he would oppose the Grant ; and he would support no man, it mattered not how able a statesman he might be, unless he op- posed the Grant, " Mr Egan thanked Mr Wells for the can- dour with which he expressed his opinions, an asked him whether he expected the candidate which he supported to use his influence, if in Council, to have the Scriptures withdrawn out of the day schools. " Mr Wells- certainly. " Mr Egan considered no system of educa- tion safe, if not based on the Word of God. A mere secular education, irrespective of the Word of God, tended to Infidelity. What standard of morality would Mr Wells introduce into schools if the bible were excluded ? " Mr Wells would refer to the book of nature, which was the only true revelation of the mind of the God of the creation. The bible was the revelation of the God of the Jew and Christian, and a more immoral, profane, or wicked book than the bible never emanated from the fingers of the compositor!!! The Koran was a far more moral book than the bible, and Mohammedanism a much more moral religion than Christianity; and he would again fearlessly say that a more profane, immoral, or wicked book never disgraced the glorious art of typography, as he could prove from'the bible itself. Could there be a more wicked or de- praved villain than David, the man after God's J own ;heart ? Could there be language more ' wicked or immoral than that which says thus : -The Holy Ghost should come on the Vi- gin Mary, and that she should bring forth a Son, &c.;? Does not the bible make God the author of lies ? "Mr Egan-Do you then deny the inspira- tion of the Holy Scriptures ? "Mr Wells -Certainly. "Mr Egan-Do you deny the Deity and the personality of the Son of God ? " Mr Wells-Certainly." Now, as few of our readers may know who this Mr Wells is, we think it right to say that he is a very leading member of the extreme radicals of this place-of the men who have ever been ready to join in any democratic movement, and to urge on all occasions extreme measures. Though not (or to a most trifling extent) personally interested, he was one of the most prominent and zealous members of the Anti-Dray and Land Tax League. He was a prominent member of the Political Association, and a prime mover of the political "masses" of Hindmarsh and Bowden, to whom the Editor of the Times was wont to speechify. From Mr Egan we learn that Mr Auley, another of Mr Giles's chairmen, is of the same sentiments against religion as Mr Wells ; and, from a letter in a contem porary from Mr Wells, it appears he com- placently admits that he (Mr Wells) has a good deal of influence. From the above data we think it may be safely gathered that we have in this colony a considerable body of Deists or Infidels, who have joined the Voluntaries heart and hand in opposing the Grant, because they hate religion, and who, on this account, would rather have the Devil himself as a legislator than an advocate of the Grant. It hence becomes for the friend of true religion, whether voluntary or not, a serious question to ascertain who are the men, and how many they are, who compose this party. It must be a dreadful shock to a voluntary friend of true religion to find that the enemies of all religion are on his side; and, of course the shock would be much greater if he found that they formed the majority of his party. It wül doubt- less be asserted that they are not a majority, and we may be told that the majority be- lieve in divine revelation. We answer that neither professions nor practices are in fallible guides to indicate a man's belief. On the one hand, Mr Wells, a disbeliever, says (and "we have no reason to doubt) that he is moral. On the other hand, many profess to believe, but are immoral; so that it is difficult to credit their belief. On the whole, this discovery is calculated to throw suspicion upon many whose mo- tives may be pure. At the same time, it must in the strongest manner confirm the convictions of all who favor the Grant. For our own parts, we confess we agree with Mr Egan in the fear that "the spirit of infidelity is endeavouring to raise its hydra-head amongst us," and we warn all voluntaries who are friends to re- ligion to consider whether it is not probable that the enemies of religion have obeyed something more than mere instinct in joining to oppose thé Grant. But, putting this aside, it must appear to the meanest capacity that various points of the voluntary system are more agreeable to an enemy than to a friend of religion. A voluntary must be aware that a certain practical consequence of his system would be that all those who cannot, and all those who will not contribute for the support of reli- gion-who are no small number - would be left without instruction. According to the voluntary theory, the rich congregations should contribute for the destitute districts; but has this been done, or can it be done here ? Is there any congregation here that can do more than support its own minister ? The people in the outer districts would, therefore, as in the first ten years, grow up practical hea- thens. This would be agreeable to the Infidel. Again, a strict voluntary cannot allow the bible in a school supported by the State. The children must be taught re- ligion, by chance, or " by the mothers." This is extremely agreeable to the Infidel, knowing, as he does full well, that few mothers have the time or are able to per- form that vital office. On the whole, we cannot be in the least surprised at the great partiality with which our infidel politicians have regarded thc voluntary theory, or at their indefatigable efforts to accomplish its recognition as a principle of legislation. 