CORRESPONDENCE. THE BAND OF INFIDELS. TO THE EDITOB OP THE SOUTH AUSTBAlXAH. Sir-I was much, pleased with the article headed " Infidel Voluntaries" in your issue of the 6th instant. ; You are perfectly right in saying that men are not fond of publishing to the .world that they are infidels. I have now a letter before me from Mr Aulay, a zealous, active, and influential member of Mr Giles's committee at the Port, in which he calls upon me to contradict the assertion which ap peared in the South Australian of the 22nd of April last, that he held the same opinion as Mr Wells. I had a long conversation with Mr Aulay on the evening of the 23rd April, in which he repudiated the ideal of going the whole hog with Mr Wells. He does not be lieve, or will not acknowledge, the Divine in spiration of the Holy Scriptures; but he would not for the world call the Bible a pro fane, immoral, and wicked book. He does not believe in the Deity and personality of the Son of God and of the Holy Ghost, yet, he would not contrast the Son of God with Mahomet Christianity, with Mahomedanism or the Bible with the Koran. For some years it seems that he did not believe in the existence cf a God at all, but now he does believe in the existence of a Supreme Being, and he regretted having, in a moment of excitement, made use of language, calculated to leave the impression on my mind that his belief was quite in keeping with that of Mr Wells. At Gepp's Cross, there was another man, besides Mr Wells, who spoke irreverently of the Scriptures. On Saturday evening last, I met two men at Prospect Village ; one ef them said openly that he held the same opinions with Mr Wells-the other, a zealous supporter of Mr Giles, denies the existence of a God altogether ; and I have been told, last evening, that his children are taught the same doctrines, and; openly say to other children that there is no God ! I could mention a few more, Mr Editor, but I am really afraid of the Times. You know he will shovel dirt in your face and mine for a week after the publication of the above facts ; but I care nothing about his dirt, it is quite soft, whereas, my facts are quite hard and "stubborn." He may call them "impudent and malicious falsehoods'-that does not make them less true. Let him lay aside his shovel, and produce some facts to prove them false. Let him show that Mr Giles has not a deter mined band of infidels to support him. What does the Times mean by the following expression? " And because one of Mr Giles's supporters has expressed himself loosely on the subject of religion," let us see what those loose expressions are which the Times seems to think so very harmless. " Mr Wells supported Mr Giles, because he was opposed to Grants in aid of religion—not from any intrinsic value which he (Mr Giles) possessed; and if the very devil himself were to come forward, he would sup- port him, provided he opposed the Grant." Again, " Mr Wells would refer to the book of nature—it was the true revelation of the God of the creation. The Bible was a revelation of the God of the Jew and Christian, and a more immoral, profane, and wicked book than the Bible, never emanated from the finger of the compositor !' What does the Times think of the above sentence ? Would he call them loose expressions-harmless in their nature ? Again, Mr Wells says, the Koran was a far more moral book than the Bible, and Mahome danism a much more moral religion than Christianity. Again, ' Could there be a more depraved or wicked villain than David, the man after God's own heart," " Could there be language more immoral than that which says ' The Holy Ghost should come on the the Virgin Mary,' " &c.; " Does not the Bible make God the author of lies," &c.; But the Times thinks those are mere "loose" expressions-not dangerous-or perhaps he will throw dirt (I beg pardon, I meant dust) in the people's eyes and call these " impudent and malicious falsehoods." But I, for my part, care not about the Times or his hard words, be shall not deter me (though hb called me all the hard names in the dirtiest vocabu lary in his office) from exposing and unmask ing that hydra headed monster Infidelity, in whatever shape or form it cames before me, whether it shapes a Mr Wells, or Mr Auley, who does not go the same length with Mr Wells, or the old gentleman, who exceeds Mr Wells ; or the young man, who holds the same opinions. The " Times " is angry because you alluded to this active, zealous, and determined band of Infidels in the interest of Mr Giles. Does he mean to support this precious band? if so, let him do so in an honest and straight forward manner, not by using hard words towards those who would check their progress. What does the Times mean by the following sentence :-" And even in reference to him (Mr Wells) a great deal more perhaps has been j said than was warranted?'' If the Times would take the trouble of reading that gentle man's letter in the Mercury of the 26th of April, it might enlighten him a little on the subject, I trust, Mr Editor, that you, the Times, or the public, will not for a moment suppose that I hold any feelings inimical to Mr Wells, or any of those other gentlemen, in Mr Giles's interest, who hold the same opinions with Mr Wells, though in different shapes. I wish it ta be understood that it is not against the men I write but against, their pinciples. I should not refer to the article signed "Anti-Infidel," in the Times of Monday, if it were not such an amusing one. The poor man, whoever he is, must have been ashamed of ir, otherwise, he would have given his name. But it is not his want of common sense I find fault with, so much as his entire neglect of common honesty. He makes you, Mr Editor, say that ail but the respectable in ths Port district are Infidels. This is effron tery to a vengeance. Again, he says, that the Grant has produced this amount of Infi delity. Again, because the Grant has not christianised all, it is a failure. Admirable ! Most noble Logician ! All wisdom will die with you. Ministers of South Australia, hear the wise sayings of Mr Anti-Infidel. After three years trial, the Grant has failed in christianising all. Therefore it is a failure, and should be withdrawn. The State did not preach, it left that work to you to do. The Girant did not preach, you preached-but you have not converted all- there are some Infidels, therefore your labours are a failure. Retire from the contest, therefore, ye ministers of South Australia, and make way for Infidelity. Mr Anti-Infidel says that he wants a " pure and undefiled" system, if so, let him " have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness," in order to achieve that object. For what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? What communion hath light with darkness? What concord hath Christ with BELIAL ? or what part hath he that believeth with an Infidel? Perhaps Mr Giles could answer the above questions. As for Mr Anti-Infidel, he should go to Jericho till his beard grows. I remain, Mr Editor, the faithful opposer of Infidelity, in all its different phases, L. EGAN, Secretary to Captain Hall's Committee. ' Hindmarsh, 8th May, 1851. j 