MY LORDS-In common with other members of the Church of England, I cannot but express my regret in finding that your Lordships, assembled in con- ference, should have thought fit to have agitated in these colonies, the question of Baptismal Regeneration, at the present very unseasonable time, just as the decision of the Privy Council has been declared on a question which has nearly rent the Church in twain at home and that when it must bo well known to your Lordships that several clergymen and many lay members of the Church hero hold views very opposite to those ex- pressed by the majority of your number ; also perceiving that one of your own number, the Bishop of Melbourne, has joined issue with you, it is rather strange that without any apparent necessity, you should have forced this question upon public attention, teaching virtually the want of doctrinal unity in our Church, i that wo have no certain land-marks, and thereby lighting xip a flame of polemic discussion in no way calculated to heal the breaches already made in the Church of this diocese. How far such an act is in keeping with the apostolic rule I must leave others to 1 judge. " Him that is weak in the faith recen'c ye-but not to doubtful disputa- tions." Roms. xiv. "Let us therefore follow after the things which malee for peace, and tilings wherewith one may edify another." Roms, xiv., 19. Or by what authority your Lordships should have sat in a body to " INTEIU'HCT " the creeds and articles, <fcc, of the Church of England is a question I must leave to' others to discuss ; this being a very different act from an expression of your individual opinions either from the Pulpit or through the Press. There is one thing, however, which, as members of the Church of England, wo have reason to be thankful for, that we are not blown < about by every wind of doctrine proposed to us either by Bishops or Clergymen ; but that wo have one recognised and infallible standard to appeal to, oven the word of God, so that " whatsoever is not read therein, nor may bo proven thereby, is not to be required of any that it should be believed as an article of faith, or ne c?ssary to salvation," (VI. Article) ; so that that the opinions of fallible Bishops, who, like the Churches of Jerusalem, Alex- andria, Antioch, ifcc, are liable to orr in matters of faith-"can have neither. strength nor authority unless they may be declared that they be taken out of Holy Writ, X11. Article, see also XX. Article. With this standard in our hands wo can easily sit in judgment like the Bcreans of old, upon your opinions, whether "yc | speak according to the oracles of G oil or I not." I Your Lordships declaro that liicebe i licoe Regeneration to bo the work of God ' in the Sacrament of Baptism." Now, my Lords, many of us believe that Re- generation is the work of God-by or in preaching, Acts x. 44., Acts xiii. 48 by or in prayer, Acts iv. 31-and in reading and hearing the Divine Word, Roms. x. 17. In the womb, as the direct operation of the Holy Ghost, Joromiah i. 5, and frequently as pre- ceding Baptism altogether, Acts x. 47, 48, Acts xv. 31, 34, and so well expressed in the XXVII. Articlo of our Church, wherein wo aro told that Baptism is not regeneration, hut a sign of regeneration or now hirth-that by this all the promises aro " visibly sealed" not thereby received I or communicated-faith (one of the fruits j of íégencralíon) exíst»i%rnlr0ftdy, is 'Un creased' \ not by baptism, or ¿We ¿Jw* 'OjWwfwm; bnt by the f\vtw of pfayèr" This article, my Lords, with many pas- sages from the Homilies to which your Lordships do not refer, as well as other portions of our Liturgy, leads me to be- lieve that your interpretation is not proveable nor deducible from the stand- ard of our Church ; and that though it may be your Lordships belief that all infants do by baptism receive this grace of regeneration. Experience as well as the Scriptures teach us that multitudes "receive the grace of God in vain," II. Cor. vi. 1, Heb. iv. 2, in every ordinance of Christainty, so that Apostles preached in vain-prayed in vain-performed miracles in vain- baptised in vain, &c.; The Homily for Whit Sunday says, " It is the Holy Ghost and no other thing that doth quicken the minds of men," &c.;, and St. John tells us when our Saviour was enforcing the doctrine of regeneration not baptism ('for our Saviour's baptism teas not then instituted, and Nicodemus there- fore could not have been reprehensible ferr not knowing it), that tho spirit like the wind gocth where itlistcth"-so that the regenerating operations of the Holy Ghost arc not restricted or made special to any one ordinance. But without entering at any great length into this discusión, I would suggest to your Lordships that regeneration is made by you a mero CONTINGENCY. For the Catechism (which teaches us that this Sacrament " is generally necessary to salvation," not absolutely so, like faith or regeneration) says that repentance and faith are REQUIRED of persons to be bap- tized, but that infants who cannot perform them (faith and repentance), have them promised by their sureties, which promise, when they come of age, themselves are bound to perform. But suppose, as is the case with multitudes, they fail to perform these, or they die before they como of age, where then is the reality of regene- ration in Baptism. But your Lordships raise a fresh contingency: you say, "when- soever an infant is baptised, an as- surance ought to be given at the same time on its behalf, <kc, that it will ho brought up in tho faith of Christ." But suppose, which is really the case with thousands, it is not brought up in the faith of Christ, what then becomes of the reality of its regeneration in baptism what then becomes of your belief. There are many other contingencies which may be urged against your view of the ques- tion, but as your Lordships quote the Catechism, that " wo aro made members of Christ, children of God, and inheritors of the Kingdom of God." Very for- midable words, indeed. It may bo well to disabuse the public mind as to the real bearing of these expressions. "Every branch in me that bcareth not fruit he takcth away, ' ' John xv. " I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against mo," Isa. i. 2. "The Kingdom of Heaven is like a net cast into , the sea and gathered of every kind, and gathered the good into ves^e's, but cast the bad away," Math. xiii. 47, 48-hore then wo have fruitless branches and mem- bers, rebellious children, bad fish-a true picture of the visible church of Christ into which wo have been baptised, but not being regenerated or horn again, wo may bo like Simon the Sorcerer, ol' Alexander the Coppersmith, «fcc. neither having part nor lot in the Spiritual Kingdom of Christ. But, my Lords, the language of the christian, is not that of contingency or assurance in the acts of others, or of re- generation in Baptism, of which ordinance ho may have no conclusive evidence that he had ever partaken» or rightly partaken, further than what ho may find in the leaf of the family Bible-but his language- is, " we know that we have passed from death unto lifot because wc love the Brethren. Again, " hereby know t we that wo dwell in him, and ho in us, , because he bath given us of his Spirit," John i. 4. The Christian's regeneration is not without an accompanying witness and evidence, which gives him an assu- rance that he is a Child of God, a mem- ber of Christ, and an inheritor of the King- dom of Heaven, spiritually and savingly, for in tho language of our Homily for Whit-Sunday, " Such is tho power of the Holy Ghost, to regenerate inch, and as it were to bring them forth anew, so that they shall ho nothing like tho men that they were before." My Lords, have we been made tho subjects of this regene- rating grace ? If not, what hope have we of a blessed immortality? "for unless thou art endued with the Holy Ghost in think- ing well of thy self, thou dost nothing elso .but deceive thyself. " . The Baptismal service of the Church of England proceeds on the assumption that the prayer, repentance, and faith of the minister, sponsors, ¿c, are genuine. " The Church presumes on the vows and prayers of the parties (i.e. parents and sponsors), and proceeds, without hesita- tion, to claim and apply the promises," (Hall) ; or, as well explained by Bishop Hooper, of jGlouccster, .. such as be bap- tized (adults) must remember thai re- pentance and faith precede the external sign, and in Christ the purgation was inwardly obtained before the external sign was given. Thus are infants examined concerning repentance and faith before they be baptized with water ; at the con- templation of such faith God purgcth the soul. Then is the exterior sign and deed not to purge the heart, but to confirm, manifest, and open unto the world that the child is God's." Hore is the true icy to the cJiaritableness of the Baptismal service : the infant is considered regenerate before it is baptized, prayer being made, faith professed, the minister says, " wc re- ceive this child into the congregation." ¿c. The efficacy of prayer and faith without Baptism, we all acknowledge (James v, IG and 17), hut how far sponsors are justified in making promises, which they have not the power to perform or enforce -seeing it is Christ that givcth repentance, and that he is the sole author and finisher of faith-is a serious question for those who undertake the office. "If it be asked (says Hall), according to what prin- ciple the gift of present regeneration can bo made to depend on the future fulfilment of promises made in the name and person of an infant, the wisest answer perhaps will be, do as the Church has done-to give no answer at all." The wisest and most scriptural thing, perhaps, woidd bo to expunge that which is painful to the consciences of our best ministers and of a great portion of our laity. Rom. ii. 28 and 29. Gal. vi., 12, 13, 14, 15. As the Judaising teachers (Acts xv.) troubled the Church, preaching salvation by Circumcision, so we And in these latter days the correlative- rite of Baptism preached up as indispensable to regene- ration, and consequently to salvation, as if the myriads of the unbaptiscd infants and adults who have died where this ordi- nance could not be administered, have perished-in other words, the indispensa- ble efficacy of sacramental grace revived. " That through the agency of the material clements in the Sacraments, the spirit is generally pleased to operate," (Bishop o4' Sydney's Sermon, 1842,) in opposition to the express teaching of the Church of Eng- land, whereby, contrary to Bishop Brough- ton, wo are directed " not to consider the earthly creatures which thou scest, but the heavenly graces which Tiir rArru be holdeth ; not as especially regarding the terrene and earthly creatures which remain, not binding ourselves to the elements and creatures,"' &c.; (Homily.) If regeneration be the work of God in the Sacrament of Baptism, if all infant.* do by Baptism receive this grace of re- generation, how is it then, my Lords, you suffer annually so many thousands of children to live and die in your diocesofr without this ordinance ? Why not, like the Jesuits of Peru and Mexico, and liku the Romanists, do you not send forth ministers everywhere with besoms ic.< regenernte the unbaptised multitudes i Is it possible you thus suffer infants to perish wifhotit the grace of regeneration, and can acquit yourselves of being ac- cessories to their perdition ? Do you not, my Lords, by this indifference belie your own belief ? For surely if you really behove "regene- ration to be the work of God in the Sacra- ment of Baptism;" if you believe that - "all infants do hy Baptism receive' this grace of regeneration," it becomes therefore a question how far your Lordships have ne- glected the administration of this ordi- nance in not providing moro expressly and universally for it. Why not, like John the Baptist, be at the river-side baptising the multitude ? Why not say, . " here is water, be thou baptised ?" Preaching the gospel, though of greater importance to St. Paul, who "thanked God that Christ sent him not to baptize, but to preach," must be in your estima- tion of minor importance-tho one being an urgency iii which infants, who can derive no benefit from preaching, »ÏC dccply and everlastingly concerned, where- as adults, without the foolishness of preaching, being regenera to in Baptism, and consequently the Children of God, &c.; need bo under no serious alarm provided they have a certificate from the paru-h rcgistry to that effect. /', To justify a sinner, to new create him from ft wicked person to a righteous man, is ?& greater act,'* saith St. Augustin, ''" than to make such a new heaven and earth as is already made." (Homily îlog. Week.) Or as the same father says, " Christ saith, * ye aro clean, not for the Baptism wherewith ye were washed, but for the word sake I have spoken to you.' " (Quoted by Jewell in his answer to Ward.) I conclude, my Lords, in the language of one of our most celebrated Bishops and Martyrs-a name (Latimer) that must be for over venerated in the Church,-"except ii man be horn from above he cannot see the Kingdom of God. He must have a regeneration; and what is this regene- ration ? It is not to be christened in water, and nothing else ? 'How is it to be expounded, then?' saith St. Peter. 'We be horn not of mortal seed, but immortal by the xoord of God, &c.; This cometh on New Birth.1 " (Vol. i. p. 72.) Or in the language of Bishop Hooper, "Bap- tism bo a Sacrament to be received and lionoured of all men, yet it sanctifieth no man, and such as do attribute the rc anission of sins to the external sign do offend." Bishops, though teachers in the Church, aro not, like the Apostles, infallible ; like other men, they differ according to the light that is in them. May our light and knowledge bo increased, not by looking into the dark and doubtful teachings of the Fathers, and tobelod away by "men's fantasies and inventions," (Homily) but let us diligently search for the well of fiife in the Books of the Old and New Testament," (Homily) for a fearful re- sponsibility lies upon your Lordships as ex- pounders of the Truth. May it not be said of our Church as of Jerusalem, " a ?conspiracy of her Prophets in the midst thereof." "0, Israel! thy Prophets arc J ike the foxes in the Desert-they have prophesied out of their own hearts." <Ez. xiii. 22.) I am, my Lords, With great rospect, Your obedient scrvaut, RICHARD SADLIER. March 24th, 1851. 