WANTED TO KNOW. If steam-ships are used in navigating the ' sea of troubles." If ships in " stays" are addicted to '. tight lacing." If it is owim» to the rate of interment being cheap that so many are buried " in oblivion." Whether the sun shone during the " dark ages." Whether the " talc" which the ghost of | Hamlet's father could unfold, wns " founded i n fact." The elevation of the " pinnacle of fame," above the ocean. The extreme length of the " Long Par- liament." If hydropathic treatment would be likely to cure the " eruptions" oi Mount Etna.' MYSTERIES OF THE NUNNERIES.—A cir- cumstance has recently occurred in a town in the west of Ireland, which makes some curious revelations in connection with the entrance into a convent of a young lady, the daughter of a highly respectable gen- tleman, who, al though himself a Roman Catholic," most strongly objects to the undue influence'which has been exercised to induce his child to ttiké a. step contrary not only to his'wish'es; but in a gi eut mea- sure opposed to the inclination of the " devotee" herself. The facts arc hi icily these : - The lady, who is in her nineteenth year, was prevailed - upon' to forsake the parental roof, under the belief, duly impressed upon her by certain of the sisterhood, that she had re- ceived a call from heaven, and, without as much as bidding her family farewell, or of. apprising them previously of her inten- tions, she to»k shelter in the ' content. Here she was persuaded to write to her father, imploring forgiveness for the step she had taken . in answering the call of God,' upon receipt of which the distracted parents demanded an interview with their child. This was refused, where- upon her father intimated to the supe- rioress of the couvent that he would never give a penny of his money towards the support, of the establishment. The answer to this threat was a hint'ihit they would receive her as a .'lay nun' (lint is, a servant), in which capacity they would send her lo Aineiica, or some fou: i pu station. Tim hmvildeied p ii cut nexlBppea'ed lothediocesan, who refused to interpose his authority, but told bim he might obtain an interview with his daughter, provided it shuuld be ii» the presence of a priest; hut this gracious concession benn», declined, all hope of I justice in that high quarter was aban I doned, and tlip. matter rests for the pre- sent-but only f.i the present. The yoting lady was to have had the sum of £500 as her portion. '. Great sensation was created amongst the inhabitants of Liverpool, a short time since, on its being .rumoured that a murder of the most brutal and in- human character had been perpetrated in Lower Bank-street. The house is kept by an .Irishman, named Patrick Lyons, as a lodging-house. An elderly woman, vho lodged at the house, states that she was in bed on Tuesday night, mid she became alarmed by the cries of some person in the lower part of the house. She got tip, and, in attempting to go down stairs, was in- stantly ordered up again, with n threat that If she caine down she would be killed, Tho woman who made the above statement left the house of Lyons early on Wednes- day morning, and it is probable the affair wonld have remained a mystery up to the -present tiim lind she nor divulged what had occuired. Im- mediately on receiving information, several of the police-officers went to the house where it was supposed some foul deed bud b«*en committed, and' discovered in the recess under the stairs (a place generally used for keeping coal), the body of a fe- male wrapped up in a coarse cloth or old nail bag, which on being brought out was found to be tho body of Margaret Fahy. The body presented a frightfully mutilated appearance ; there was a deep gash under the chin, and many other marks of blows as-if inflicted by a blunt instrument. Patrick Lyons, the supposed murderer, had absonded, bul his wife, and the woman who gave the information, arc now in custody. It is conjectured that the poor woman Fahy has boen murdered for what she possessed-namely hor pedlar's basket, together with about X2 in cash. Liverpool Mercury. A CHALLENGE TO BRITISH SHIPBUILDERS A short time since the American ship Oriental created a great sensation in England, not only in consequence of her rapid sailing, hut by the beauly of her model and her general appearance. She was the subject of several articles in the London press, and the impression she created on the minds of the British public was so favourable that it disturbed the equanimity of some of the hhipbuilders there, one of whom ventured to sfiy, thal, if a carte blanche was given to bim to build a ship, he would const met one that would outsail the Oriental, or any other American vessel. This implied challenge; has not been overlooked here. We leam from the best, authority that our New York merchants are about to build a clipper ship, which they will put in competition with any English vessel now in existence, or any that may be built. The challenge will be sent by the A Fin, the next steam-ship that will leave our shores for England, and the terms will be, that the owners of the vessel which beats the other on a voyage ft oin New York to Liverpool and ba-k, will win the bínlcn vessel. If we aie not mistaken this will wake up John Bull. After what has been said, he can't refuse the challenge. ArCM) York Herald, January '.*!). STEAM TO LONDON.—The European, screw steamer, arrived at her berth, Broomielaw, on Wednesday afternoon, at two o'clock, after a boisterous but quick passage of seventy-ci^lil hours, including four hours occupied in clean- ing her tubes, a contingency to winch new tuhe3 arc al first liable. She steamed without any aid from sails, all the way to the Isle of Man ; and she ran the distance Lorn London Bridg» to Grav-'s end (twenty-three miles, we beUevt) in two bonis. Now that it hash'en demon st rated thal goods can be conveyed with certainty between this city and London m thiee diys, and that, too, without liamshipment, lhere is little doubt but the convenience, economy, and advan- tages of lins mude of conveyance wiU be duly appreciated by shippers generally \- Glasgow Sentinel. ALCOHOL FROM SOUR ORANGES.—A che- mist in Savannah discovered that alcohol ol'a very superior quality enn be distilled from the soul'orange. In strength it is equal to any other, mid possessing, as it does, the flavour of the orange, it is far superior for nil chemical purposes for which it may ho used. Foster said of a depraved child " I never saw so imiuh essence 0/ devil put into so small U vosscL'" FOOLISH FROLIC.-The . magistrales of Terrington, Norfolk,,were lately engaged iii investigating the, circumstances attend- ing a silly frolic, u'hich, in its results, has denuded a house of patt of its walls, doors, windows, and furniture. Late one Saturday evening, while some parties iveie in a sitting room of the Plough Inn, Ttlney, Fenside, kept by an eccen- tric couple of the popular and wide- spread name uf Smith, astray foal was pushed into the house by some half- witted lads, who immediately closed the door. The foal went forward, knocking down the table, wiih ils croekeiy and niasses and ex'inguishitig the. light of the candle. Thence it passed into the par- lour, on the centre table of which had been carefully collected all the earthenware and crystal of the evening, which were thrown over with,a frightful crash. The foal (the property of Mr Sutterby, miller, nnd which is usually quiet) became frightened at the novelty of its situation, and commenced pluuging and kicking most furiously, literally breaking all the furniture, tables, and chuirs of the room, smashing all the. decanters, jugs, glasses, &c;, and destroying walls, doors, windows, and chimney ornaments. Poor "ChutHo Smith," who, sat in an adjoining room, unconscious of the entrance of this strange visitor, was dreadfully frightened, and roared out, " It is thunder ; I knew by my feelings nil day that there wns a tem- pest coming." " Thunder^" said Mrs Smith, "its a horsc,^«rtig as an elephant, in my best rns-riasf?' After much ado the intruder was extruded.-Stamford Mer- cury. FAREWELL TO PirrncoATs -The. Lowell Offering has an account of Miss Weber, a young Belgian lady,, who ,stands pre- eminent among the advocates* of 'Worn ins' Ri^ht«. Her practice is«, iii "accol'daivèf with her theory, and she wears mai' attiie. She is handsome, only 24 years old, dresses in the P.nisian fashion of black dress coat and pants, with bttfï vest. Her defence of'the practice, ¡s racy. ''The nether garment (slie says) was lii.st won) in the bifurcated form by the woman of Judea. The ».xclusivi* claim which, ann so pertinaciously maintains lo the use of this garment is arbilary, without a soli- tary argument to support it, not even thal of prior usage. Nature never in- tended that Uie sexes should be.distin- guished by apparel. The beard which she ¡miguoJ io man is the natural token of his Sv'X."' Tun roucE OF HABIT.-" A literary man, quite a greedy bibliomaniac, who had devoured bookshelves as a little school girl devours slice after slice of bread and butter, and whose success in literature is in equal proportion to his devouring appetite (we arc sorry we are not at liberty to mention his name,) was so overpowered with joy-so topsy-turviod with his new sensations- upon the birth of his first son, that instead of taking the fact to the Registrar, he went, as if he had been the author of a new book, and had him " En- tered at Stationer's Hall."-Punch. TcAR-Bo't'TLG.-It is a custom among the Chinese to have a tear- bottle. When two ladies or, fern iles of. the lower rank quarrel, they go before a migistrate. A ¡ear-bottle is given tai the individual who .says she is aggrieved, and if she can till it with teais, the magistrate .»ays, "I p-rceiv« yon have been harshly treated. 1 shall aiv.ud a great punishment to the on- by ivham you hive been oppressed." If she can only half fi'l it, the punish- ment is reduced one-half, but if she cumul «died one tear, t bei eis no punish- ment at all. TUB KLUCTKIC TuLUGitAr-n AT WEST îtiNiSTKii PALACK-On Thursday week, the men wore employed in laying down, in Palace Yard, on the north stile, a number of wires to-form nn electric telegraph, which will communicate between the Atl îniraliy and Westminster Palace, which is to be established for the purpose of any immediate emergency of a communication being necessary during the attendance of her Majesty's Ministers at the Parliament houses Thero are ten wires, which are covered with guita percha, and which aro Carried through iron pipes: An apparatus for the transmission of a correspondence will be constructed in a room in the West- minster Palace, as also at the Admiralty. The pipes arc about two fdet from the sur- face. A MK.LAHCIIOI.Y IlCFLECTtON. - It is generally supposed that emigiation is a great drain upon the monetary resources of this counliy; but it is,not generally known that tin equivalent is returned by cmigrunts remitting menus to their friends to pay oif their liabilities und lo enable them to follow. We have it from autho- rity that no less a sum than £-14,000 was remitted to the port of Limerick nlone in the last year for this purpose. But is it not a melancholy reflection that an Irish- man can and will do well in any country but his own ?-Limerick Chronicle. HRLCS TO MiiMoitv.-tjillca de Reiz, Marshal of Fiance (said to be the veritable Blue Beard), was sentenced lo be led in chains to the place of execution, and to be burned nlivo at the stake. The day ap- pointed wns the 23rd of October, 14-10, " a dnte," says the historian, " about which thei c can be no doubt, for all the people of Anjou und Maine, by common constmt, whipped their children that morn- ing, so as to impress the precise date on their memory." This strange mnemonic process is still a favourite with the pea- sants of Anjou and Brittany. There is a curious ordeal in India which shows the action of fear upon the salivary glands. Ifa wrong is committed, the sus pcetcd persons ure got tog'cthcr, and each is required lo keep a quantity of rice in his mouth for a certain time, and then put it out again : and with the greatest cci tainty the man who bud done the deed puts it out almost dry, in consequence of the fear of his mind keeping back the saliva. Iniri'itusrisa FACTS.-Why have white veils a tendency to promote Minhurn and freckles? Because they increase the power of the sun'b light.--Why does a ilinnol eoviiing kucp n man warm in winter, mid ice from inching in summer? Beetiiiso it both prevents the passage of heal fio a the Hum and to the ice.-Why I does aperson willi a cold in the head, catarrh from the eyes and nose, expérience more relief on applying to the face a linen mid cambric htuxlket chief than one îoade of cotton? Becau1»,! the linen, by conducli'ig readily absorbs the heat and diminishes th.» inll.tintiiition, whilc[thelnttcr,hy refusingto give passage to the beat, increase's the temperature and the pain.-Why is loose clothing warmer than such ns fits close? Because the quantity of imperfectly con- ducting air thus confined around the b >dy resists the escapo ol' J hu animal heat. A sailor, calling upon a Liverpool gold- smith, asked him what might be the value of an ingot of gold as big as his arm. The shopkeeper beckoned bim into a back room and primed him with grog. He then asked to see the ingot. " Oh," said Jack, I haven't got it yet, but I am going to California, and would like to know the, value of such a lump before I start." The jeweller started him out of the shop." LONDON WELLS.-In reply to an in- quirer, the deepest well in London is that sunk by Messrs Coombe and Co., the brewers, which measures 522 feet. The next is at the Excise Office, 500 feet. The well at Meux's brewery is 425 feet deep ; that at Messrs Elliott's, Pimlico, 398 feet. The Trafalgar Square well is 383 feet deep, and the well at Kensington new workhouse, 370feet,-Builder, A WIZARD AT FAULT.-Mr Anderson better known as ' Wizard of the North,' was robbed a Dublin, a few days ago, of a large collection of valuable silver coins of Russia, Prussia, France, Spain, Den- mark, and other countries which he had visited in the course of his professional peregrinations. Public sympathy is seldom, felt towards a dealer in any of the 'occult sciences' being overcome in his own voca- tion ; and the Northern Wizard must now feel humbled, not only before his brother of the South, but the community in general; for it is now manifest that though he can tell what coin you hold in your closed hand, he cannot say what hand has closed on his own. MAGNITUDE OP LONDON. - London is equal in extent to any three or four Eu- ropean capitals united, and superior to thirty of the largest towns in the United Kingdom, if brought together. It would require sixty cities as large as Exeter, or five hundred and thirty-four towns as large as Huntingdon, to make another me- tropolis ; and it is computed that a popu- lation equal to that of Salisbury is added to London every three months. The Halifax Guardian presents the fol- lowing puzzle for fathers of families : "In one house, not 100 miles from Booth Town, are living at present, one grand- father, one grandmother, one father, four mothers, three sisters, five brothers, six uncles, three aunts, five nephews, six nieces eight cousins, five sons, six daughters, one sister-in-law, one brother-in-law, three grand- daughters, one widow, and one widower-total sixty-one ; and there are only thirteen persons in the whole.' A WANT SUI«PLIEI>.-The lloscommon Journal says that a Scotchman in a neigh- bouring town put ti placard in his* shop window staling thal hu " wanted a 'boy," and' the next morning, on opening 'his door, was surprised to find a basket lying outside, which, on opening, he found to contain a male child', with a label attached having upon it, " Here he is." A stuttering Nerniontcr was asked the way to Waterbury. With great politeness he strove to say that it was right a-head, but in vain. The more he tried the more he couldn't. At las!, red in the face, and furious with unavailable exertion, he burst forth with-" Gug-gug-go-long I durn yu ! you,U gig-gi-get there afore I can tell ye!" There is a great deni of philosophy in a flop's tail. It is as great a tell.-tale os a lady's fun. If a dog is pleased, his tail is immediately in a waggish humour ¡ if he is , nl'raid, ii droops ; if angry, it "sticks out." You can tell the. character and disposition ofa dog by his tail, us well us Donovan can decipher yours from the " bumps." '' Every ni in is a volume, if you know how to read him." Ti ne ¡ bul some claim to be only such upon the principle that " a book's a hook, although there is nothing in it." A negro may he considered a black-letter volume, we suppose, and a rogue in irons a well bound one. PROMPT HBPLY.-"Son," said a care- ful Quaker to a spendthrift heir, " thou arl a sad rake/1 " Nay, father, replied the promising youth, thou arl Jthe ra/ie, I am the spreader." PATENTS. -The cost in France is £12 and upwards; in Spain, X10, .£30, and £60 . in the Netherlands and Belgium. £6 to £30; in Austria, £5 16s 8d , with [ 11s 8d a year additional ; and in America, £6 10s; while, in ihe United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it is no less than £300! A dandy, with a cigar in his mouth, on board a steam-boat, once stepped up to a foreigner, and said, " Pray, Sir," do gen- tlemen smoke iii your country ?" " Gen- tlemen do not smoke in public in nny country," wns the laconic answer. The " chalk formation" is pointed out as one of the sources whence London muy be supplied with pure wbolcaomo water. All Punch can say is, that the water de- rived from the ehn'k will bo wretchedly bad if at all like the milk which London obtains from the same material. GROSS SUPL-ESTITION OP THE NINK TEDNTH CENTURY.-That a Bishop w!th a revenue of some £20,000 a-year can be .an imitntor of the apostles.-Punch. CAPITAL PUMSIIMCST.-" That is what I call capital punishment," as the boy said when his mother shut him up in the closet among the preserves. Ii is easy, in'the world, to live aftei the world's opinion. It is easy in solitude to live after our own. But the great man is he, who, in the midst of the crowd, keeps, wiih perfect sweelnesî, the inde- pendence of his character.-Emerson. DIRL-CT rnoM TUB UNITED STATUS. The matrimonial knot is like the Gordian Ditto-those who would be great men must cut it, (Loud cries of .' Shame" from the Editor and all the married con- tributors.) -Punch. An Irishman lights before he reasons ; a Scotchman resons before he fights; an En- glishman is not particular as "to the order ol' precedence, but will do either lo accom- modate his customers. Tun Honsn-Never trim the hair from the ear of your horse. It is placed there by nature to protect the orifice and drum of the ears from insects, dirt, and sudden change of weather. Be not affronted at a jest. If one throw salt at theo thou wilt receive no harm, unless thou hast sore places 