SOLICITOR-GENERAL AND CROWN SOLICITOR.—His Excellency the Lieut. Governor, directs it to be notified that he approves of Albert Charles Stoner, Esq., resuming his duties as Solicitor General; and of Francis Smith, Esq., jun., reverting to his former office of Crown Solicitor and , Clerk of the Peace. VISITING MAGISTRATES.—Henry Hopkins and James Barnard, Esquires, have been appointed Visiting Magistrates for the ensuing six months. WHOLESALE WINE AND SPIRIT DEALERS.—Messrs. Nathan Moses & Co., 71s well as George Brown & Co., of Hobart Town, and Messrs. Bovles, Stewart, E. Hnrvy, & Marriott, B.vass & Co., of Launceston have taken out Wholesale Licenses to sell Wines and Spirituous Liquors. TEMPERANCE LECTURER. — The Rev. Mr. Lindsay has been elected Temperance Lecurer in this Island by the Society at a salary of £120 per annum. We wish the reverend gentleman every success. SERVED HIM RIGHT.—The police Constable who fay his careless handlingof his musket was the cause ofa prisoner lately losing his leg, has been dismissed the police lorce. It is as it ought to be, but it is a very poor satisfaction to the unfortunate man who is the victim ofhis carelessness. We should like to hear (hat something hus been done for the poor fellow. THE DIAMOND CUTTING TRAOE.— There is only one diamond ciitter in London. The Dutch, have, for ages, almost monopolised the diamond cutting tradeof Europe; and so expert arc they, that, 011 showing them a rough diamond, they will tell, to the greatest nicety, what will be its exact shape, when cut, and almost to the hundredth part of a grain what the polished gem will weigh. MR, HYRONS' COACHES.--We may congratulate the public on the co mpletion of.arrangemenis, highly satisfactory we believe to Mr. Hyrons, which will ensure the continuance ofhis line of coaches to Hobart Town as heretofore. Several innkeepers en the road have undertaken to horse the coaches for stated distances. —Cornwall Chronicle. SHOCKING ACCIDENT.—A little girl about six years old, daughter of Mr J. Dyson, of York-street, had a most miraculous escape on Monday last, ghe was talking to some other children in Charles-street, when the offiide wheel of a loaded cart knock, ed her down, and grazing the side of her head, tore the flesh back and exposed the bone for two or three inches. This Jitile sufferer was instantly taken into Mr. Fairthorne's shop, and Dr. Maddox was in immediate attendance, and dressed the wound. We understand that no fa- tal-consequences are apprehended, although the escape was most miraculous. No blame is attributable to the driver, as the child being on the offside of the cart was unnoticed by him until after tiie accident.—Ibid. ROBBERY AT THE ' CORNWALL'— This morning, a woman entered the Cornwall Hotel at the side door under the balcony, and proceeded to a bid room which had just been vacated, removed a quantity oi bed clothes — she was soon after apprehended and lodged in the watch-house.—Ibid. A GHOST STORY.—A late General Wynvard, and the late Genera! Sir John Sherbroke, when young men, were serving in Canada. One day—it was daylight— Mr. Wynyard and Mr. Sherbroke both saw pass through the room where they sat, a figure, which Mr. Wynyard recognised as a brother then far away. Ous of the two walked to the door, and looked upon the landing place; but the stranger was not there, and a servant who was on the stairs had seen nobody pass out. In time news arrived that Mr. Wynyard's brother had died about the time of the visit of the apparition. I have had opportunities of enquiring of two near relations of this General Wynyard upon what evidence the above story rests. They told me that they had each heard it from his own mouth. More recently, a gentleman, whose accuracy of recollection exceeds that of most other people has told me that he had heard the late Sir John Sherbroke, the other party in the ghost story, tell it much in the same way at a dinner-tab", e. —Dr. Mayo, 