CHAELES DICKENS' VISIT TO TH? SAMERICAN PRISONS: IN the outskirts of .Philadelphia stands 4 great ..prison, called the Eastern Peniten tiary: conducted on a. plan peculiar. to the state of Pennsylvania. The system here is rigid, strict, and 'hopeless solitary confine-i ment. I believe it, in its effects, to be cruel and:wrong. . . . . SIn its intentioniI am well convinced that it is .kind, hunmane, and meant for reforma tion; .but I am persuaded that those who f divised this system 6f Prison Discipline, and e those, benevolent.gentlemen who carry it into execution, do not know what it is that they J are do'n?--- . tjE,#t at vermy few Ien are :---apable es of n ^ . of torture and agony which this .dreadful punishment, prolonged' for years; inflicts * upon 'the sufferers; and in guessing ;at it 1 myself, and ifi 'reasoning from what .to my certain knowledge they feel within, I am m only the more convinced that there is a depth of terrible endurance in it which none but the ;sufferers themselves can fathom, and which no ,man has a right to inflict upon his fellow creature. I hold this'slow and daily. tampering with the mysteries of the .brain, to be immeasureably worse than any .torture. of the body: and' because its ghastly.signs and tokens are not so palpable to the eye and sense of touch as scars upon the flesh; because its wounds are not upon the surface, and it extorts few cries that- human-.ears can hear ; therefore I the more denounce'it, as a' secret punishment which sliumbering human ity .is. not roused up to stay. I ;hesitated once, debating with:'myself, whether .if I had the power of saying " Yes'" or "' No," I would allow it to be tried .in certain cases, where the terms of imprisonment were short;. .but now," I solemnly deolare, that'with no rewards or honours could- I walk. a happy man beneath the open sky by day, or lie ine down upon my bed at night,!with the con sciousness: that .one human creature, for any length .of time, no matter what, lay suffering this unknown 1punishment in his silent' cell,' and I the cause, or I' consenting to it in the least degree.. : '. ... . \- I; was, accompauied to 'this pfison by'two geritlemen officially connected with its man \- agement,. and -passed .the day ins going from cell to cell, and talking with the inmates. Every fadility . was afforded 'me, tlat':the utmost courtesy :conuld suggest. Nothing Swas concealed or hidden from my view,' and every piece of information that I sought, was openly. and frankly, given. ' The 'perfect" order of the building cannot be praised. :too highly, and of the excellent motives: of all who are immediately concerned in the . - administration of the system, there can be no kind of question. . Between the body of the prison and the -outer wall, there is a spacious garden. Entering it, by a wicket in the massive gate, we pursued, the path before us to its outer termination, and passed into a large chamber, .. from. which seven long passages radiate. On either side of each, is a. long, long row of cell doors, with a certain number over every o' e.,:. Above,; a gallery' of cells like those below,.except that they have no narrow yard attached (as those in the ground tier have), and are somewhat smaller;. The possession of twoof these i8 su pposed to compensate for. the ,absence. of. so much. air 'and exercise as an. be, had in the dull strip attached tq each of the others, in an hour's time every. day; and i.therefore .every prisoner in. this uppor story has two cells, .adjoining and communi cating with eacli other. Standing at the central point'and looking: down these dreary passages, the dull repos, and quiet 'that prevails, is awful. . Occasion *ally, there is a drowsy sound from some lone weaver's shuttle, or shoemaker's last, but it is;stifled with the thick walls and heavy dungeon-door, and only serves to make the general stillness more profound. Over the head and face of every prisoner who ,comes into this melancholy house, a black hood is drawn; and in this dark shroud, an emblem of the curtain dropped between him and the living world, he is led to the cell from which he never again comes forth, until his whole terni of imprisonment. has expired. He never hears" of wife or childrenj,;home or friends;, the life or death: of any :single creature. Tie Isees 'the prison- officers, but • with :that exception 'he never looks upon 'a human cojintenauce,: or' he'ars a: human voice. He is: a' man: buried"alive; to be.dug ni t: in the slow round of:years;. and in .the mean:time dead to every/thing but tortuiing anxieties and horrible:despair ....... ' i , .. .His name 'and' crime; iand:term ofsuffer ing, ?i'e :unknowni, e'en': to the officer iwho . delivers hin"hi's daily food. There is a number over his 'cell- door, ·an' in a b6ok of which the. governor-bf the prisbn, has :one copy, and 'thee -moral instructor'anotlher: this. is the india to'his history. iBeyond these p?ages the prison .;has no record 'of 'his "existence-: ri. though'he live.to be in the !same cell ten weary:years, 'he:hasno imeans of ?knowing, dowh to the very last?:hour, int ?vhat par?t of the building it is .sitiiaed; lIa;at .kind of men ithere' are labout him; ?hether in the long winteri nights thiere.are c }ving people near, .or he is in-some lonely ?prner of the great jail, -with walls, and taasages, and iron doors between him and V3ie nearest sharer in it$. solitary horrors.. 'Every cell has double doors: the :outer w'e of'f sturdy oak,: the.other of'grated iron, firiei th"ere is a trap :through .which his' an tid is handed. "He has a bible, and a slate ha pencil,: and, undei. certain restrictions, P sometimers oth'er books 'provided for the 'pose? and pent anid inkalndpaper. .His the r, plate, and can, and basin, hang upon : wall, oi shine upljn the little shelE, canIh waber is laid on in every cell, and he dayjd raw it at his pleasure. Duurmg the, and his bedstead turns' up, against the wall;. His leaves more space for hhim .to :work in. loom, .or bench? or wheel. is there, and' g'wta the seaon as they , chan e .., ,ju couj3he "labours, sleeps and -. wakes; inu ~'ts.?ho seasons as 'the~y` change, annd b:i- . i 1 : "·:':: .' : ?. :: ". . loo' eii?st manu I saw, Wras seat'ed; at his i;at Worli, :ieI ha'd been theric six more and was 'o rtemiain,' I think,; three e He had been convicted aS a receiver :i~ len goods, bt{.ev~at after' tiiSl'dig~i h id nmen't, denied 'h'is guilt,'a'nd ?ai'd he ioienjb, hardly d'ealtby. 'It {ws his second took 'o stoppjed ~his wa:i~ whpen v~'~ "eveni'iii, t his'" lhipectadcles, and an'swere'd 'fre?. ' 'thiag th'a? was sa"'it t' him ,"' istrange kind oi'pause fist: paper how,· thougihtful vicen W a to have at of his own making; :and wasipleased esyin :it 'noticed and commenlded. He bad fiom soneniously made a sort of Dutch clock his e disregarded ods and. ends," 'nd S8ecjug g-bottle served for the pendulum. lookred e interested'in this contrivance, he andsai up at it with a great deal of pride, it and he hadlbeen: thinking of improving t h .he hopjed' the lhammei.. and a play mul~e of bioke=n, glas beside it " would some co bdefore long:" :He had e.tracted wored urs fiom O the yarn with .which hc" d,'61:ul few poor figures 6,lW'the. all. "The' fiemale; over .the ' doms;: :he?'alled H Isn of tfhe lhake,. . tewled as.h lookedut thes'e:contirivance?S fi~om thenay the:ti"me'; b'ut when .'looked ble[d to hii',.'i siw' that hlsiip trem his heart could 'ave iounted' the beating :o some all I f &'h'iotg cahme"i about buti wifeHo u on"was made to his having a turned asi: sh'dok; hiis..'head :at. the .-word, hands. ? e and covered ,hie face. with his , 'But y? .. the gen ]u.? ,are resigned now " ,said one of which"h .haen after a: short pause, during He answerad :resumeda his forlner.manner. ieokless in i" with a sigh thatseeis ed quite I am, resig.hopelessness, "' Qhgyes, .0h yest man, you tirAet~it' ."And are abhei(er sure I hopeuk!., Well, hope::?o :?m pretty qui4 may be.'". ':. A&nd..timeo; goes gentlemen, jly7" " Time.. is. very: long, He.-:,' gazed ithin ttlese four.wal.'ls"" : how wearily bout him--Heaven only knows in'the actof as he said these words4 4.nd 'ais if he sfell into a strange stare momennaft bforgotten something.. A on his, spdtwards he.sighed 'heavily, put agai.i -' les, and went??bout his worki In anothe~, sentenced to cell;: there was a. G erman, larceny, t?o WVO years' imprisonmont for \- which h ,,-:ju.t ?expired. i With colours procured in the same manner, he .had painted every inch of the walls and ceiling quite beautifully. He had laid out the few feet of ground, behind, with exquis ite neatness, .and had made a little bed in the centre, that looked by the bye like a graye. The taste and ingenuity he had displayed in everything were most extraordi nary: and yet a more dejected, heart-broken, wretched creature, it would be dificult to imagine. I never saw such a picture of fol'orn affliction and distress of mind. M?Iy heart bled for him ; and when the tears ran down his cheeks, and he took one of the visitors aside, to ask, 'with his trembling hands nervously clutching at his coat to detain him, whether there was no hope of t1,.:,dismal sentence being commuted, the sy~ci~acle was really boo painful to witness. • ]:never sawvor heard of any kind 'of misery that impressed me more than the wretched ness: of this man. ::.in a third cell, was a tall strong black, a burglar, working at his proper trade of making screws and the like. His time was nearly out. He was not only a very dex terous thief, but was notorious for his bold ness and hardihood, and for the number of hisprevious convictions. lFe entertained Us ivith a long account of his achievements, which: hejnarrated with such infinite relish; that he actually seemed to lick' his lips i he' told us racy anecdotes of stolen plate, and €o old ladies whom he had watched as they sa?k at windows in silver spectacles (he had plainly had an eye to their metal even' froin the other side of the street) and had after wards robbed. This, fellow, upon the slightest encouragement,' would have mingled with his professional, recollections the rniost, de't'astabii_ cant ; but I am very much mistaken if he could have surpassed' the unmitigated hypocrisy with which' he de 'lared that he blessed the day on which he came into that'prison, and .tha, he never would commit another robbery as iong as he lived. 'There was oneman who was allowed, as-an indulgence, to keep rabbits. His room hav ing rather a close smell in consequence, they called 'to him at the door to come out into the passage. He complied of course and stood shading his haggard face in the unwon t ed:sunlight of the great window, looking as S~a'n' and unearthly as if he' had been sum moned from the grave. He had a white rabbit in lhis. breast;. and when ?he little creature,' getting. down- Upon the ground, stole back into the cell, and he, being dis missed, crept timidly after it, I thought it would have been very hard to say in what respect 'the man was the nobler animal of the two. There was an English thief, who had been there but a few days out of seven years: a villanous, low-browed, thinlipped fellow, with a white face; who had as yet no relish for visitors, and who, but for the additienal penalty, would have gladly stabbed me with his. shoemaker's knife. There was another German who had' entered the jail but yes terday, and who started from his bed when' we: looked in, and pleaded, in his broken English, very hard for work. There was a poet, who after doing two days' work in every four-and- twenty hours, one for himself and one for the prison, wrote verses about ships (he was by trade a mariner), and "the maddening wine-cup," .and .his .friends'at home. There were very., inny of them. Some reddened at the sight of visitors, and some turned very pale.' Some' two or three had'prisoner nurses wcith .them,,for they were very siclk; .and one, a fat:old negro whose :legh~hd been taken ,off within the jail, had *for his .attendant a classical scholar and an accomplished surgeon, himself .a prisoner likewise, 'Sitting upon ?the~stairs, engage in some slight work, was a pretty eoloure .boy. "Is there no refuge for young crim - nals in Philadelphia, then ?" said I. "Yes, but only for white children." Noble aris tocracy in crime There was a sailor who had'been there .upwards of eleven years, and who in a few months' time would be free. Eleven years of solitary confinement ! "I am! very glad to hear your time is nearly out." What does he say ? Nothing. Why does he Btare at his hands l pad giok the flesh up0n` his fingers, and raise his eyes for an instant, every now and then, t9 those bare walls which have seen his head turn *grey? It is a way he has sometimes. Does he never look men in the face, and does he always pluck at those hands of his, as though he were bent on parting skin and bone? It is his humour: nothing more. It is his humour too, to say that he does not look forward to going out; that he is not'glad 'the :time is drawing near ;that he did look forward to it once, but that was very long ago; that he has lost all care for . everything. It is his humour to be a help. less, crushed, and broken man. And hewl yen be his witness that he has his humour thoroughly gratified ! There were three young women in adjoin inb cells, all' convicted at the same time of' a conspiracy to rob their prosecutor. In the. silence and solitude of their lives they haal grown to be quite beautiful. Their looks were very sad, and might have moved the Sternest visitor to tears, but not to that kind of sorrow which the contemplation of the men awakens. One Was a young girl'; noi twenty, as I recollect; whose snow whit6 room was hung with the work' of some for mer prisoner, and upon whose downcast face the sun.in all its splendour shone down through the high chink, iri th6 wall, where one narrow strip of bright blue sky was visible. ;She was very.penitcnt :and quiet; had come to be i'esign'ed she said (and Ibe lievo her); and had'a mind at peace. ' c!'n a word, you are.happy here ?". said one of my companions. She struggld-Z-shbe did struggld very hard.·-o' oanswer, Yes; but raising :her eyes,, ahd meeting that glimpse of freedom over-head, she burst into tears and said, " She tried to' be; she~uttered no coniplaint' but it was natural that she should sometimes long to go out of that one' cell: she'could nothelp that," she sobbed, poor thing! . I went from cellto cell that day; and every face I saw/, or ivord I heard, or inoi dent I noted is present to my mind;in all':it, painfulness. But let me pass themi by, for one, more pleasant, glance of a prison :on the same plan which I afterwards saw at'Pitts' burgh. : ' ' "/. . . . When I had gone ovrei that1 in the same manner, I asked the governer if he had any person in his charge who iv shortly going put. He had one, he said,, whose time was up next bay; but h hbad oly been a prisoner two years. " ' " Two years! Ilooeked/back through two years of my own life-ot ofjail, prosperous, happy, surrounded by,'blessings, comforts, and good fortune-and though how wide ,a gap it was, ti'nd hoy long those 'two years passed in solitary q6nfinement would have bien. I have the of .this man, who was going to be released next day, before me now. It is almost more/memorable in its happiness .than the other faces in their misery. How easy and how ndtural it was for him to say that the system was a good one; and that the time went "pretty. quick-considering ;" and that when a man once felt he had of fended the law, and must satisfy it, "he got along somehow :". and so forth... ";What .did he call youback. to, say to you, in t t strange flutter ?I I asked of my conduc tr, when he had locked the door and jo, edme in the passage, .' i That he was hfraid the soles of his boots cre.not fit for walking, as they were a gooddeal worn when he came in ; and that he gould thank me very mliuch to have them me itddd, ready." . IThose boots had' been, taken off his feet; and put away with the rest of his clothes, two years before.. I:took that opportunity of enquiring hoivw they conducted themselves immediately after going out; adding that 'I presumed they trembled very much. "Well, it's' not so much a trembling,' was the answer--" though they do quiver--- s sa complete derangement of the nervous system. They can't sign their names to the book; sometimes can't even hold the pen ; look about them without appearing to know why, or where they are; and sometimes get up and sit down again, twenty times'in a minute. This is when they're in the office,' whore, they are taken with the hood 'no, 8? they were brough'tin. When they get out side'tb~eg~ate, they stop and look first one wayj and then the other : not knowing which to take. Sometimes they stagger as if they were drunk, and sometimes forced to lean against the fenlce, they're so bad :--but they clear, off in course of time."' As. I walkedc among these solitary cells, and looked at the faces of the men within them, I: tried *to picture to myself the thoughts and fealings natural to their condi tion. I imagined the hood just taken off, and the scene of their captivity disclosed to them in all its dismal mnon~otony. At first the man is stunned. His confine mnent is a hideous vision; and his old life a *rcality; He thlrows himself upon his bed, and lies there abandoned to despair. By degrees the insupportable solitude and barren ness of the place rouses him from this stupor, and w~hen· the trap in his grated door is opened, he humbly begs and prays for work. " Give me some wrork to do, or I shall go raving mad 1" He has it; and by fits an1d starts applies himself to labour; but every now and then there comes upon him a burning senseof the years that must be wasted in that stone coffin, and an agony so piercing in the recol ]eetioa of those who are ·hidden from his view and knowledge, that he starts from his seat, and striding up and down the narrow room with both hands clasped on his unlifted bead, hears spirits tempting him-to beat~his brains out on the wall. Again he falls upon his bed, and lies there, *moaning. Suddenly he starts up, wonder ing whether any other man is near ; whether there is another, cell like that on either side of him : and listens kreenly. There is: no sound hut other prisoners may he near for all that. He cremembers tohave heard once, when be little thought of coming here himself, that the cells were so construc ted that the prisoners could not hear. each other, though the officers could hear themn. WThere is the nearest man--upon the right, or on the left? or is there one in both directions? Where is he sitting now-w~ith I his face to the lighti or is he wvalkring to and fro? .How is he dressed? Has .he bIeen here long? Is he much worn away ? Is he very white and spectrelikie?. D~oes he -thinkr of his neighbour too? ··-Scarcely venturing to breath, and listen ing while hon*thinks, he· conjures up a figure with his hackz towards himn, and imagines it moving about; in this next cell. . 'le has ·no idea of the face, but he is certain of the dark forni of a stooping man. In thle cell ·upon the other side, ~he puts another figure, whose face' is hidden from him also. Day afterJ day, and often when he' wakes up in 'the middle of the night, he thinks of these two I men until he is almost distracted. He never changes them. There they are always as he first imagined them-ain old man on the right; a ycpunger man upon t~heleft-whose bidden features torture him to death, and have a muystijry that, makes him tremble. The weary~ days pass on writh:sole~mn peace, like moir-ners at a funeral; and slowvly he begins to feel that the white walls of-the cell have sometlisg dreadfuil in' them: that their colour is hebrrihle: that their smooth surface chills his .:blood': that there is one hateful corner which torments him. Every morning when he wakes, he hides his head beneath the coverlet,'!and shudders to see the gkijstly ceiling lookriig down upon him. The .blessed light of d~y 'itself peeps irn, an ugly phantomu facec,' thr60g theo unchangea ble crevice which is the p sn window. By slow but sure derethe terrors of that hatef~ul corner swell atil they beset him at all times; invade hirest, makre his dreams hideous, and his n ts dreadful. At first lie took astrange dislike to it: feelings as though it gave birt in his brain to something of correspouding· sap,"hc ought not to ·be there, and racd his hehad with pains. Then he began to f rit, then to dream ~of 'it, and of men whis erhingits name and pointing to it. '4hen'. ecould not bear to look at it, nor yet to '· rnhis backr upon it. Now, it is every* nithe lurk~ing-place of a ghost: a shaado\v:--a silent something, horrible to' see, but; whether bird, or beast, or muffled human shap~e, he cannot tell. W;hen he is in his cell by day, he fdars the little yard without. When he is in the yard, he dreads to re-enter the cell. When night comes, there stands t,he phantom in~/ "thc corner. If ho have, the courage to stand in its place, and drive it out (he had once,; being desperate), it broods upon- his bed. in the twilight, and always at the same hour, a voice calls to him by name; as the darkness thickens, his Loom begins to live; and even that, his comfort, is a hideous ;figure, watching him till daybreak. Agaidi, by slow degrees, these horrible 'fancies depart from' him one by one: return ing sometimes, unexpectedly, but at longer intervals, :and in less alarming shapes. .lIe has, talked upon religious matters with the gentleman who visits him, and has read hig Bible, and has written a prayer upon his slate, and hung it up as a kind of protection, and an assurance of Heavenly companion ship. He dreams now, sometimes, of his children or his wife, but is sure that they are dead, or have deserted him. He is easily moved to tears; is gentle, submissive, and broken-spirited. Occasionally, the ld.agony comes back: a very little thing will revive it; even a familiar sound,, or the scent of summer flowers in the air; but it does not last long, now : for the world without, has come to be the vision, and this solitary life, the sad reality.. If his term of imprisonment be short--I mean comparitively, for short it cannot be the last half year is also worse than all; for then he thinks the prison will take fire and he be .burnt in the ruins, or that he is doomed to die within the walls, or that he will be detained on some false charge and sentenced for' another term : or that some thing,no matter what,must happen to prevent his going at large. And this is natural, and impossible to be reasoned against, because, after his long separation from human life, and his great suffering, any evend will appear to him more probable in the contemplation, than.the being restored to liberty and his fellow-creaturesi If his period of confinement have been very long,-the prospect of release, bewilders and confuses him. His broken heart mnay flutter for a moment, when he thinks of the world outside, and what it might have been to him in all those lonely years, but that is all. The cell-door has been closed too long on all its hopes and cares. Better to have hanged him in the beginning than bring him to this pass, and send him forth to min gle with his ..kind, who are his kind no more. On the haggard face of every man among these prisoners, the same expression sat. I know not what to liken it to. It had some: thing of that strained attention which we see .upon the faces of the blind and deaf, mingled with a kind of horror, as though they had all been secretly terrified. In. every little chamber that.I entered, and at every gate through wh'ich I looked, I seemed to see the same appalling countenance. It lives in my memory, with the fascination of a remarka ble picture.' Parade before my eyes, a hundred men, with one among'them newly released from this 'solitary suffering, and I would point him out. The face of the women, as I have said, it humanizes ,and' refines, Whether this be because their, better nature, which· is elici ted in solitude, or because of their being gentler creatures, of greater patience. :and longer suffering, I do not know; but so it is. That the punishment.is nevertheless, to my thinking, fully.as cruel and as wrong in their case, as in that of the men, I need scarcely..add. My firm conviction 'is that, independent of the mental anguish' it :occasions---an anguish so acute and so tremendous, that all imagination.of it must fall far short of the reality--it wears the mind into a morbid state, which renders it unfit for the rough contact and busy. action of the world. It is. niy fixed opinion that those who have under-. gone this punishment, rMUST pass into society again morally unhealthy, and diseased. There are many instances on record, of men who have chosen, 'or have been condemned, to: lives of perfect solitude, but I scarcely remember one, even among sages of strong * and vigorous intellect, where its effects have not become apparent, in some disordered train of thought, or some gloomy hallucina tion. What monstrous phantoms, breed of despondency and doubt, and born and reared in solitude, have stalked upon the. earth, making creation ugly, and darkening the face of Heaven ' * Suicides are rare:among these prisoners: are'almost, indeed, unknown. But no ar gument in favour of the system, can rea sonably be deduced from this circumstance; although it is very often Urged.' All men who have made diseases of the mind :their study, know perfectly 'well that such ex treme depression. and despair 'as will dhange the whole character, and beat down all its powers of elasticity and. self-resistance, rnay be at work within a inan,.and yet stop' s!or't of self-destruction. This is a common case. 'That it makes-the senses'dull, and by de 'grees impairs tlho bodily faculties, I am juite sure: 'I:remarked to those who ·were d£th me in this very establishment at Phila de!phiu, that the criminals who had been there long, were deaf. They, who mvere in the habit of seeing these men constantly, were perfectly amazed at the idea, which they regarded as groundless and fanciful. And yet the very first prisoner to whom they appealed-one of their own' selection confirmed , m impression (which was'un known to 'him) instantly, and said; with a 'genuine air it was impo~sible to doubt;.that. he eould;;'i: tih~sink ho it~ bapened, but. he was growing very dull of hearing. ," Thatit is singularly Unequal punishment and affects the worst man least there is no doubt." In its superior effioienfy as'a means of reformation, compared with that other code of regulations which allows the prison ers to work in company without communi cating together, I have; not the. smallest faith. All. the instauces of reformation that were mentioned to me, were of a kind tha't might have beenl--4id Ihave no doubt whatever,: in my own mind, would have been -equally well brought about by the Silent System. With regard to such men as the negro burglar and the "English thief, even the most enthusiastic have scarcely any hope of their conversion. It seems to me that the objection that nothing wholesome or good has ever had its growth in such unnatural solitude, and that even a dog or any of the more intelligent among 'beasts, would pine, and mope, and rust .away, beneath .its influence, would be in itself a 'sufficient argument against this system. But when we~recollect, .in ad dition, how very cruel and ' severe it is, and that a solitary life is always liable to peculiar and distinct objections of. a most deplorable nature, which have arisen here, and call.to mind, moreover, that the choice is not be tween this. system and. a bad or ill-natured one, but between it and another which has worked well, nnd is in it5 whall design and practise excellent; which .is surely more than sufficient reason for abandoning a mode of punishment attended .by so little hope or promise,. and fraught, .beyond dispute, wits such a host'of evils. i 