MISCELLANEOUS. \- , Unions By Act Of Parlimcnt.— If t- the clergyman is kuowu to tako high viowa of tho marriage tio, the people, will be prepared for his advico and warnings; and language which tlio.v miwht. i.m-n othorwiso considered intrusive,' will ap pear warranted by tho principles they have heard him publicly advance. When, therefore, ho hears of a projected union between two persons whp,u j10 knows to be unsuitcd for each 'iitlior, or who have no provision for a future family, and who have ther 0fore ll0 prospect of real happiness ",n the married state, he may reasonably remonstrate with them and their parents on their imprudence. Or on tho other hand, if only temporary I difficulties interfere with the cousumma- ' tion of a marriage which is likely to bo productive of blessing, ho may well promote such a marriage by rendering any assistance in his power, cither in the way of money or advice. "When the ulti mate good of the parties concerned is evi dently seen to be his motive in thus bestirring himself about their matters they will bo very far indeed from offering, any opposition to his will, but will ratner souoit ms council as cue ouly ac cessible person in whom they can place confieenco. Especially it will be his duty to show them the sin and danger of contracting those unhallowed unions which the Reg istration Act has licensed ; and this is a subject on which they will ever be very open to conviction. They will readily acknowledge the difference between a so lemn marriage before the whole church, and a private contract in the prcsenco of a registrar. No person of any right feeling would over be satisfied with tho legal requirements. Even members of religious sects, for whom the act was es pecially provided, celebrate their unions according to their own way, in addition to tho ceremony in tho registrar's office, which they only perform in compliance with tho law, and to legitimatize the children, No modest person who had ever reflected upon the question, would hesitate a moment about tho path of duty, and cases have frequently occurred of couples who had been somo time con tracted at the registrar's, applying for marriage at the church. It ouly needs to be put before the people, and they will be shoeked at the idea of a secular marriage. As regards tho publishing tho banns the followiug matter is curious, and the suggestions good : — Banns in the Olden Time. — It is probable that the man and woman during the publication of the banns were placed in some conspicuous place, and as for as we can judge from the old rubrics that place was the same which they occupied on the day of their espousals. It certainly nullifies in a measure the intention of banns to sanction the concealment of tho parties engaged. JJut the delicacy and falce pride of these days is too great to to suppose that it would be possible to induce persons to come forward and ap pear in any puplic way, befove the eon- congregation yet it cannot be doubted that many clandestine marriages do es cape exposure solely from the practice of only reading the names, some of which arc not even heard when great numbers are published together anil to which very few of the congregation, if any, pay the slightest attention. The parish priest is now almost the only person who can secure the discovery of impediments to propose unions, and it has become an important part of his duty to enquire" iuto the circumstance every pair whose banns he is required to to publish. lie writes the names down in a book kept for that purpose at the church. The priest, as a matter of rout ine, reads them over after the second lesson, and probably never thinks about it again till the parties come some morn ing alone (it may be) to be married. He performs the service, and perhaps dis covers afterwards that these persons were out of tho parish, or that there were mi nors or that one of them was already married, or that there was some other impediment against their union. All this would have been prevented if he had only taken the trouble to visit them .before publishing the banns. The Act 4 Geo. IV 76. c. 76, s. 7, " provides that no minister shall be obliged to publish the banns of matrimony between any person whatsoever, unless they shall, seven days at least before the time required for the first publication deliver, or cause to be delivered to him a notice in writing of their true Christian and surnames, and ot tho house ot their respective abodes, within such parish, chapelry, extra- par ochial place where the are to be publish ed, and of the time during which they have inhabited or lodged in such houses respectively." These seven days would give him ample opportunity of examin ing into tho truth of the statement, and of calling on the parents or gaurdians : and if such a course were uniformly pur sued by all parochial clergy, the poor would find it very dfficult to impose on the church, whatever opportunities of obtaining an illegal uniou the registra tion office might affordj f The forms of our good simple ances tors wore pious, yet simple, without thought of ill or desecration of sacred things. Here is tho service of old : — Th e Salisbury Manual of Matrimony. —Having received their mutual consent, the priest prodeeds to tho actual mar riage service. "Who giveth this woman to bo married to this man?" The form of tho York Manual is — " Deiude sacer- dos — Who gyves me this wyfe?deinde dctur faemina a patre suo vol ab amicis ejus." This is a very significant expres sion, evidently setting forth the author ity of tho church to marry; the friend who gives the woman away, gives her first to tho priest. He is the paranym- phus of S. Augustine. "The minister receiving the woman at her father's or friend's hands, shall cause the man with his right hand to tako the woman by her right hand ; " that is, the paranym- phus is to give tho right hand of the woman to the priest, who causes the man toolaspitwilh his hand. The woman should be made to walk a few steps tor- ward, when she is presented to the priest in order that so giving her in marriage may bo more signdieantly represented by his leading her to her future husband It is ordered by the old rubricks, that tho woman should have her Laud covered if she wero a widow, quo of tho many points by which the church distinguished second marriages. With the right hands thus olasped, tho priest 'teaches" the man to say the solemn words of es pousal. The words of tho Salisbury Manual are as follows: — " I X. take the X, to my wedded wyf, to have and to holdc fro this day forwardo for beiter, for worstfor richer for poorer: in sykness and in hclc : tyldetho vsdeparte if holy chyrch it wol ordeyne, and thereto I plight tho my trouchc." Why the refor mers should have changed this into "acording to God's holy ordinance," it is difficult to conceive. The woman's betrothal is the same to the word "hole," when it concludes, "tabc honored and buxom in bedde and at the bordc till dotho us deparlo, &e.;" With a few slight differences, the same fonu is found in all old manuals : tho various forms are given by Mr. Maskcll in the preface to his "Ancient Liturgy of the Church of England," p civ. This contract origi nally stood as part of the cspowsals, but since the two services have been united, it has formed part of tho marriage office. "Then shall they again lose their hands and the man shall give unto the iTAmnn n mtir lnrinrf flirt Cfimrt nrtAtt flin If ViWUU IV 1UJ 6 v"v VIIV book, with tho accustomed duty to the priest and clerk." The corresponding rubric of tho Old Manulo is " Dcinno ponat vir aururn, nrgentum ct annulum supur scutum vel librum that is upon the book either closed or open ; on the cover or tho page. If there wero a cross on the binding, tho ring would be laid upon it, during the benediction to be pronounced by tho priest over it. The destination of tho gold and silver is not usually stated, but it seems that part went to the priest and part to the woman. A. M. S. Manuel, in tho British Mu seum, of Salisbury uso, has a curious addition : here— 1 "Et data annulo dicat sacerdotas : Loo this gold and this silver is laid down. in sygnifyinge that the woman schal have her dower, thy goodes, if her , abido after tby disces." The fee given1 now is evidently intended for .the priest and clerk alone, but there is no reason wliy "arrhoo" should not also be bo offered to tho wife, and if her husband wishes to present something ovor and above the ring, in token of his love, he may well bo permitted to do so here. Tho priest taking the ring shall deliver it unto the man to put it upon the fourth finger of the woman's left hand. But in the old service, before he delivers it to tho man, the priest is directed to in quire whether it has been previously blessed. Tho benediction of tho ring was a rite never omitted in tho ancient church, and one which should be always observed. Tho silence of tho Prayer Book can be no authority for the disuse of an ancient custom, and the English priest may use (as in other offices he is oblged to do), some appropriate form. On looking through Martone, we find tho benediction almost word for word the same as that m the oausuury .Man uel, which he cannot therefore do better than employ. It is well to keep the discharge of the ceremonial as much as possible in the hands of the priest. If the priest had to put the ring on, itmightboa ques tion how far the old custom should bo enforced, but as it is, it may be left to tho feeling of the husband. The left hand is chosen partly because being tho left hand least used, there is less danger of injury to the ring: but chiefly in dis tinction to the Bishop's ring, which was always placed on the right hand, when at his consecration he was espoused to the church ; " in sinistra ferat (sc. spon- sa) ad differcntiam gradus cpiscopalus ubi annusus in signaculum integrm ct plena; castitatis cn dextra manu publico est portandus," Tho fourth finger is ap pointed for the ring- — quia in medico est qurodam vena proccdens usque nd cor, according to the Salisbury Manuel. That there is any vein leading directly to the heart, is wo believe, a fact contra dicted by the anatomist, but it is suffi cient for our purpose to know, that such an impression did exist, and that it was the origin of the selection of that finger. Little Britain still bears traces of its former splendour. Several houses are ready to tumble down, the fronts of which are magnificently enriched with old oaken carvings of hideous faces, un known birds, beasts, and fishes ; and fruits and flowers which it would perplex a naturalist to classify. There are also in Aldersgate-strcet, certain remains of what were once spacious and lordly man sions, but which have in later days been subdivided into several tenements. Here may otten tie lounu the family ot a petty tradesman, with his trumpery furniture, burrowing among the relics of antiquated finery, in great rambling time-stained apartments, with fretted ceilings, gilded cornices, and enormous marble fire-places. The lanes and courts also contain many smaller houses, not on so grand a scale, but likeyoursmall ancient gentry, sturd ily maintaining their claims to equal an tiquity. These have their gable ends to the street; great bow windows, with dia mond panes set in lead ; grotesque carv. ings ; and low arched doorways. In this most venerable and sheltered little nest have I passed several quiet years of exist ence ; comfortably lodged in tho second floor of one of the smallest but oldest edifices. My sitting ronm is an old wainscoted chamber with small panels, and set off with a miscellaneous array of furniture. I have a particulas respect for three or four high-backed claw footed cha irs, covered with tarnished brocade, which bearthemarksofhaving seen belter days nd have doubtless figured in some of ho uld palaces of Little Britain. They cem to mo to keep together, and to look down with sovereign contempt upon their leathern-bottomed neighbours ; as I have seen decayed gentry carry a high among the plebeian society with which they were reduced to associate. The whole front of my sitting-room is taken up with a bow-window, on the panes of which arc recorded the names of pre vious occupants for many generations, mingled with scraps of every indifferent, gentlemen-like poetry, written in char acter which I can scarcely decipher, and i which extol the charm of many a beauty of Little Britain, who has long, long; since bloomed, faded, and passed away, i As I am au idle personage with no apparent occupation, and pay my bill regularly every week, , I am looked upon as the only indepen dent gentleman of the neighbourhood ; J and being curious to learn tho internal state of a community so apparently shut up within itself, I have managed to work my way into all tho concerns and secrets of the place. Little Britain may truly be called tho heart's core of the City ; the stronghold of true John Bull- ism. It is a fragment of Loudon as it was in its better days, with its antiqua ted folks and fashions. Here flourish in great preservation many of the holi day games and customs of yore. 'The inhabitants most religiously cat pan cakes on Shrove Tuesday, hof-eross- Luiis on Good Friday, and roast goose at Michaelmas ; they send love-letters oil Valcutine's-day, burn tho l'ope on the oth of November, and kiss all the girls under tho misletoe at Christmas. , Roast-beef and plumpudding arc also held in superstitous veneration, and port and sherry maintain their grounds as the only true English wines, all others being considered vilo outlandish beverages. Little Britain has its long catalogues of City wonders, wliioli its inhabitants con sider tbo wonders of tho world ; such as the great hell of St. Paul's, which sours all the beer when it tolls ; the figures that strike the hours at St. Dunstnn's clock ; tho Monument ; tho lions in the Tower; and tho wooden giants in Guildhall. They still believe in dreams and fortune- telling, and an old woman that lives in Bull-and-Mouth-strect makes a tolerable subsistance by detecting stolen goods, and promising the girls good husbands. Tlioy arc apt to be rendered uncomfortable by- comets and cclipsos ; and if a dog bowls dolefully at night, it is looked upon as a sure sign of death in the place. There arc even many ghost stories current par. ticulnrly concerning the old mansion- houses : in several of which it is said strange sights arc sometimes seen. Lords and ladies, the former in full-bottomed wigs, hanging sleeves, and swords, the latter in lappets, stays, hoop and brocade, havo been sccu walking up and down the great waste chambers on moon-light nights, aud arc supposed to he the shades of the ancient proprietors in their court dresses — The Thcoloyian. Oxygen Gas A Cure for Cholera. — Dr. Macrae, cival surgeon at Howrah, has according to the Indian Times, dis- coverd a new and most sucetssful mode of treating chMeri pitients — he causes them to inhale a certain por tion of oxygen gas, which communicates a strong stimulus to the frame, and finally throws the patient into a refresh ing sleep. On awakening lie finds himself restored to health, with the exception of the general weakness which always suc ceeds any physical prostration. Dr .Macrae has tested his mode of practice upon fifteen European seamen who have been carried to the Ilowrah Ilospi'nl in the last s'age of the disease, anil the prtient has in every ins'auce rccovcrd. 