THE LAMENT OF THE 'MAN IN BflAU (From Punch.) Suci of our readers as have seen a Lord 3Mayor's " show" in London, on the 9th of March an. nually, will recollect the "Man in Brass,"' a most melancholy personification of the ancient chivalry. It seems he was " omitted" on last Lord Mayor's day ; and through the medium of Punch, the poor man pours out his sorrows:~ ' The pot o' beer you ordered here,' the nimble notloy said. " It comes from round the corner :' they'vedraweal it with an 'ead ; And here's a pipe, if you would like to moisten of the clay, But they said, without the money I mustn't come away." Eo lingered on the threshold, but the warrior hee'ed not, Upon the board beside him, untasted stood the pot; The pipe lay there unlightedl unopened lay the screw, And the Man in Brass, in his coirass, sat looking black and blue. There-gleams not now upon his brow, the casque with nodding plume; Instead of that, the humble hat o'ershades his gaze of gloom: Against the board his warrior sword is sadly laid apart, And his breast-plate falls and rises with, the heaving of heart. le hath roused him up to answer the clamorous boy's demand " Into my pocket, armed at point, I cannot put my hand, Wait there without-I'll pay the stout. afore I leave the room." The boy is gone-and all alone he speaks out in his gloom ! "'Tis the ninth morn of November-the Lord Mayor's Day is here Instead of sitting by my stout, would I lay in suy bier_? -Up through the street, yclept of Fleet, e'en at this hour they pass But in the throng that ride along, there is no Man in Brass ! In days gone by how proud was I, in .my bras` that brightly shone, W len to saddle-tree they lifted me, with many a heavy groan How, 'midst the jokes of City folks, all solemnly .1 rode, Nor heeded laugh, nor small boy's chaff, as on my good steeds trode. [y gallant steed, where art thou ?.. In atty'. stables drear Art thou neighing for the rider who is sadly sitting here ? Or is the proud heart chafing, as they yoke thena to the car Of Britannia, orsomo such stuff-the humbogp that they are? there is a work-it's by one Burke, I think pI'r, heard folks say Which proves the days of chivalry for ever past away; But times of old' had, still a hold, while in the Lord Mayor's Show SMy brazen face retained a place-and now I?s forced to go. The Common Councilmen, I feel, will rue it bv and bye, When thley find that Batty's charges is so ou common high For he's safe to send,'them in a bill 'that w their heatt appal, " For Britannia, and the camels, and the elephan and all. And what's the British:public that :they expect 'twill hail A female in a petticoat, instead of males i, mail ? For Britannia, unless it be on coppers, no on cares-- . u What's elephants to Aldermen, or camels N Lady Mayors ? " My curse upon the City and Corporation too; It's little that I ever thowht to them to bi adoo ! Was I not old and useless-and to, old and us less things. Ain't there always in the Cnno'l a majoriti that clings? . It ain't no use! They've cooked -my goose what can I do but die ? . Fow can I live dishonoured, shunned, alut up But by the light of prophecy, in my lhast hour know That now the Man in Brass is gone, there more a going to go. Smithfield .won't long survive me-I see with Guildhall ' - The mighty Gog and Magog a tottering to thr fall ;' My vengeful ghost shball rule the roast, and ril up cap-a-pso, To make a hash of caliposh, and a mock of; 