• THE CAVE OF THE WOOD. (Written for the Guardian.) (Continued from No. 361, February 12.) " A talc, which chronicles of old In Scottish story have enrolled:— In such a place, so lone, so grim, At dawning pale, or twilight dim, It fearfulvrould iiave been To meet a form." Scott. Lady Flora, not doubting that it was the piivntu with of her lather to see her settled ju life, and that ho would readily yield his acquiescence to en eligible a match for her. tpeedily sought Maclean, to w hom she told Die design or her father, but with the resolution of never complying, as die had plighted her foith, and' lovo to him was fixed. He was much agitated, and said be would devise a plan for thoir guidance, by the following day. They accordingly met early, when it was agreed that Lady Flora should inform her maid of their intention to escape to some unfrequented place, and that, as she was expected to accompany them, she should have every thing prepared for the occasion, being a trust worthy girl. Maclean set ofl'fbr Glasgow the game day. te'.liug the Earl, he would soon Teturn. in that city he speedily settled his business, forwarded his luggage to the river side, and r.iturned to Dunroy Castle with all haste, where he arrived next day, having travelled u'l night Lady Flora's Maid, Helen, having been informed of her purpose, readily agreed to l!0 with her, and beiog bethruthed to one of the farm servants, William, he was to take the lady's trunks to Clvde side, and deposit them wilk Maclean's. He did so, setting off when dark, and returned unobserved, having previously determined to accompany them. Fortunately the Karl had gone on a visit with li. clan, that da", to ageot'eman's where they were to remain some days, so that uo sooner had the dark mactfe of night shaded the face of nature, than our party loft the Castle, and proceeded on font, a short way. when they came to a man driving an euiptv cart, who was easily persuaded to accompany them, and the women went into it. Day was far advanced when they arrived at the boat, and time being precious, speedily left the shore, passing without observation, until they got tn the town of llothsay, in the island of Bute, when it became necessary to have some rest. Befreshed by this delay, they again took to the boat, aild passed,' with'a fair wind, the lofty and rugged mountain of Arran, the ancient history of which was well known In Maclean, with which he entertained Lady Flora, though she was much d-jeet-d. her spirits recoiling at the effect her clandestine disappearance might have on her father, who wouid have no female friend to regard him, her mother being long dead. Having landed at Loch Gilp. and procured a Hedge for their trunks, they walked to Kilmicbael Glassrie, distant only throe rt-iles, where the vows of fidelity, that Lady F.ora and Maclean had exchanged, now appeared proper to consummate, and he accordingly called for the clergyman, who readily accompanied him back to the inn. There the holy rites of matrimony uuited their destiny, and quieted the insinuations which the eye of malice might throw on their conduct; and William and Helen, at the same time, underwent the same ceremony, becoming man and wife Tnough by this step the censare of the world was set at defiance, that could not annul their consanguinity, yet thev could not feel regardless of the'power Lady Maclean's father possessed, in rendering them happy or wretched, and until the firet influence of surprise and disappointment had subsided in bis mind, Maclean judged it pr 'per, that the; should conceal themselves fro n public view, and he being a native of laat couutry, wa> conversant m all its intricacies. The same consideration of their situation occurred to the ladv, as well as her husband, and she was willing to retire to the most solitary unfrequented place, where they cmld be safe from observation. Maclean was apprehensive, however, that the concealment he had in prospect, would cot be consonant to his wife's ideas, after the comfortable mansion she had quilted ; but sh« assured him. that with lii j society, any place would be agreeable. Under this assurance, then, they set off tro:n Kilmicliael, going alone the border of CrinanMose, near the ruin of Carnasary Castle. In those days there was no made road in that country, so that it became a fatiguing matter to get over such an uneven and trackless region. They, however, passed over the high land at* the head of Loch Craiguish, and going along Gien lien, arrived at the casile of the lied Haired Maid, where there being the lonely hut of a shepherd, they were accommodated with a heather bed in itfor the night. This ancient edifice still exists, the Bad remnant of former nnpropitious times. The travellers set forward, next morning, and soon alter arrived at the Cave of the Wood, which exhibited such a frightful wilderness, that Lady Maclean, shuddered st the disclosure ; but sha felt, like every affectionate woman, for her husband— " With thee, for ever, I in woods could rest, Where never hnman foot the ground had press'd; Ton Jrum the gloom all darkness can exclude, And from the desert banish solitude.' Having struck a light they entered, and found it more agreeable than they supposed, and as it would shelter them from the possibility of discovery, they were speedily reconciled to it. A moss, with turf, already cut, was near, and William speedily brought what made a fire. He was essential to their comforts, us being a stranger in that c mritrv, he was occasionally sent to procure .-ucli articles as they required—fish from the near lake, and game from the moorf. Thus did they live for some months, when it was resolved lo send William secretly to the Castle, to gain notice of the Karl, as his daughter had become anxious about him. lie accordingly set off, and having got near to the ca tie, equipped himself in the dress of a mendicant, and disguising his, voice, by a highland twaig, as best he could, went into it, and required alms. Having seen no one with whom he was formerly acquainted, the old servants being turned away, from their supposed inattention, in allowing the escape of the Earl's daughter. That the J5arl himself bad, after searching and sending to many laces, become a mere child, was confined, S1, at Edinburgh, and not expected to live. The English Lord had left tbe castle in diBgust, believing Lady Flora was sent away to prevent her marriage with him. William having received such news, left the castle, resumed his countryman's dress, and mounting his horse, set off for Edinburgh, that ho might procure information as to tbe Earl's health. When he arrived in that city, he hastened to his Lordship's lodgings, giving himself out for a country farmer, who unshed to rent a possession from him; but was told, the Earl was so ill, that he could not see him. The Earl was attended by two nephews and a niece, heirs of entail to his estate, who now considered themselves almost in possession of it, his daughter being supposed dead, no acoout of her having boon obtained since she went from the castle, as it was believed she had been lost at sea in going to Ireland, where she had an aunt, and a storm coming on some days after she went »wav, many vessels were wracked in the Clyde, while her aunt, being written to, declared ignorance of her fete. The trusty William having understood what was effected by tho Earl's resolutions made no remarks to any one, but could not avoid self congratulation, that be knew the disappointment they yet would receive after his death, which, by'all tbe information he could obtain, would not be long in taking place; andhefelthappy when heueard.tliat the cause of the Earl's'fllness was not owing to his daughter's elopement, but the pffects of a dropsical disorder, with which lie had for some time been afflicted. Judging that bis master and mistress, as well as bis wife, w<>u!d now be surprised at his long stay, he leftEdiabureh and boot Mi way to the highlands, the shortest road to Loch Awe, near which the cave was situated. Tassing Tvndrnm, riding down the long Ien to Dalmalv, he saw a horto feeding on §ie road, saddled and bridled, without any person near; but having gone a fewtiaces forward he beheld a.manlyitio-de.d, and dismounting, found in his* pocket a paper declaring him to be from Liverpool in England. and a purse containing a considerable number of guineas, with a gold watch, aud a brace of pistols. Convinced that the first who passed would take the n«e of such articles. William judged he had ai much occasion for them as anyone, put them in his pocket, and proceeded on his journey, arriving next morning »t the cave of the wood, where he recounted his travels, and all he met with, not forgetting the discovery of tbe dead nun, and what he had done, in all which he had the approval of his condnct by his maBler, his wifebeing no lefs pleased by his fortunate acquisition of the moaey. ' Before William left Edinburgh, he ingratiated himself so much into the good will of the Earl's principal servant, that be got bi n to promts'! to write, when any change took place in his master's health, addressing him under a feigned name, to the post-office at In verarv. At tho cave of the wood, everything h«i gone forward with the usual routine, for some time, and Lady Flora's shape had undergone an alteration that foreboded an addition to the family. Daring this period. William had been to the Post-office, and had a letter from tlic Earl's servant, saving, that his master was speechless forsome days, and his dissolution hourly expected, and'that he would write again when that took place. 'William gave his master the letter, but it was concealed from the lady, as it would injure her, in her advanced pregnancy. In a few days thereafter, she eave birth to a son, wli", with his mother, did veil, she soon recovering her wonted energy. William soon had another letter from the Earl's servant, acquainti'igbini of that nobleman's death, and that bis estate was to be divided by his nephews and niece; but'William knew the contrary, and hastily cave the news to bis master and Lady Flora. She, as may bo believed, was much grieved ; but the loss lav Jess heavily on her mind when she heard the complaint that carried him away. Small preparation only was necessary for leaving tneir dreary abode, which was effected next day; and calling, on their way. to see tbe clergyman who married them, soon after procured a boat that landed them at the Clyde, from whence they speedily got to the castle. This plaee was pre-occapied by their cousins, who had arrived there, the day before, and were busily employed in dividing the plate, and other precious articles, when Lady Maclean entered the draviog-room, to their utter astonishment. Thevonug lady fainted with terrur, and her brothers sti-oi in speechless horror, believing FJora to be her ghost, come to admonish their premature interference, in so quietly assuming command of the castle : or whether it was disappointment in being so rapidly deprived of their inheritance; bnt certain it is, that without ' taking leave, they speedily fled away, leaving Ladv Flora, and her husband to take that possession they long afterwards enjoyed, a satisfactory proof, that fidelityand honour are the strictest recommendations to repsse, and the undoub:ed path to lasting happiness. Soon after this period, (1711) the claim of the Stewart family to the British En.] ire, began to interest the inhabitants nf the Highlands, and produced a degree of misunderstanding among then, that was the occasion of much subsequent bloodshed. During this time of peril, when the decrees of Gov.roment, were in that country, but loosely regarded, and its interval jurisprudence slightly put in force, a few indolent, and rapacious spirits, took up their abode in this care, with an intention of spoliation, and robbery, whenever tliey could fall in with the means of accomplishing such ends, and their need so >n forced them to a trial so flagitious, as the unquiet state of the country seemed to promise their success, especially as they heard of the exploits of Rub Roy M-icgregor, and his undaunted associates, •who were the declared enemies ot oppression, as well as the staunch supporters of their friends. Their leader was one Lachlan Campbell Contacb, a character then well known to every person, though understood of a temper sufficiently vindictive, was also said not to inherit a soul equally brave. It was accident, and perhaps misfortune that led him to think of living by unlawful means. He had formerly lived a blameles Jife as a tax-man on the estate of a neighbouring chieftain jbut becoming in arrear for his possession, his stork was sold, and he was turned adrift to the humanity of a pitiless world. Fortunately lie was a single man, and no o'jo shared his hapless state. He felt much of that compunction, which an honest heart experiences on the commission of an illegal action, and be probably never would have thought of betaking himself to the hazard ous employment of a freebooter, had his landlord shewn him any kindness. Out there appearing uo alternative, he speedily mado his resolution known to some acquaintances equally dissatisfied with their country, and ibev took up their abode in the cave. The first object that occurred to Lachlan, was revenge for the injury he had sustained from the chieftain, who had used him so ill, and whose castla was near. To supply their immediate waut«, tliey went to hie fields,and took away three of his best sheep, and learning that the miller hud some of bis meal, two of t'r em went to him, and got two bulls of it for uie chieftain. For some time after they had t.-uken possession of the cave it was not known they had done so, indeed that place was generally heard of in the country, as they usually took the precaution of going from it in a clandestine manner, so that they continued to occupy it, ere it vsa discovered to be tbe re. ccptaclo of banditti. The laird who had been so severe to Lachlan, went to pay a visit to the Chief of his clan, the Earl of Argyle at Inverary, taking with him, several of his retainers, and Lachlan having heard of his absence, went, with his man, to his house, and forcibly carried off a largo quantity of his plate, which he afterwards sold to the Captain of a Man-ofwar, lying at Loch Crinan, and though he sharply questioned Lachlan, bow he became possessed ofsuch, hetold so plausible a story, that the plate was purchased. Lachlan, by several instances or adventures, rather perilous, gradually became mora callous to the mischief be made.people undergo, so that, by degrees, no deed, however atrocious and hazardous seemed to stagger hiin, and he speedily had an opportunity of proving his dexterity.—The Chief hod in view, Lachlan understood, an intenprodatoryiifo being y< stained, he took many excursions that enabled him to procure the information he wasted, and baring learned the day of the laird's departure from home, he with si* of is party, went to Uie man of letters, to wait for him. There they stopped till nearly dark night, when they heard the tread of horses, and instantly were at their posts. 11 was the Chief with his servants, but the darkness prevented the recogirzmceof each other. Lachlan demfimledfro.il.the Chief, bis purse, which at first was denied, but threatening his life, it whs eiveu up. whim the banditti quickly retreated into the wood, aud went home, having got a much lurger sum of money in the bag they extorted, than thev exp?cted. Many similar acts of depredation, were in those times, pursued by different men who took up their residence" in this cave, which made it so notorious a place, that passengers avoided tho way that was near it, particularly, as a woman took her abode in it. who was believed to hold converse wiili I lie devil, and was said to be a confirmed witch, from many instances of circumstances that took place, after her prognostication: bnt such singular and tn&gioal; stories, only cognizant to witohcraft, may afterwards be here given, Dicaixdon. ARBCSTOFTHE rRCNClt It03Br.KS,ON BO TnE snir st. Nicholas. About the middle of last nvmtti. Mons. Le Coste. the French Consnl General, applied to Justice Lothrop for a warrant to arrest George Denliam. otherwise known as Frederic Cole, Nicholas Yeremaitif, and a young woman called Francaisa Bernard, w ho were all charged with robbing the H«>t d Cauniont, of furniture, plate. &c.;, amounting to over 10,000. dollars tie property of Connt dn Canmont, situated in tlie Chamos Elysecs, P.iris, After disposing of all the furniture, paintings, &c.; tne majority of the plate and other valuables were packed in cases for shipment making eiiht in number, which cases were marked F. C., cambered from one to eight. These packages were shipped on board the packet ship St, Nicholas, bound for New York, and the robbers took passage in the same ship. These facts were fowarded to this city by the steamers ; consequently their arrival was anticipated, and Ibe magistrate accordingly issued hiswarraut for their arrest. Mr Gilbert F. Hays, of the independent police, was entrusted with the business, and since that time has been on tbe look out at Sandy Hook for the vessel to arrive. On Saurday night the chip came iuto po t and Mr Havs boarded her forthwith, mid thins found the objects of his search, the prrsnus named as above. They were at once taken into custody, and acknowledged their indentity, and were escorted to the Tombs before Justice Orborce, who locked them up for a further examination. The property contained in the eijht cuseshas mt yet been obtiined from the ship, as it was taken on board as freight. We give the following history of the afiair, which we published a short time since, in order that our readers mav understand the nature of the arrest:— The hotel had not, it appears, been occupied for some months, the Count residing nltsinately in the country and in the Faubourg Saint Germain, and the Countess at ISrussele. The house, with the whole of its valuable furniture, pictures, plate, jewellery, &-c., was entrusted to the keeping of the porter. It would appear, that a friend of the Count de Cauniont visited him a day or two ago in the Faubourg Saint Germain, and in the courte of conversation happened to remark as extraordinary, that on passing along the Champs Elysees he observed that the Hotel was shut up, and otliei wise had the appearance of being completclv abandoned. The Count, who had not visited his hotel for some weeks, but who believed it to be properly taken care of. proceeded at once with his friend to the spotiand found it in the same state ai represet ted. No ars i-er was made to the repeated summons for admittance, and at lenstli tho doors had to be broken open. When last the Count vitited his hotel, it was filledwith snmptuous furniture ; on tho present occasion it was not only abandoned, but was empty—in fact, thoroughly and completely gutted. Nei 'lier the porter nor any of his family were forthcoming. Application was instantly made to M. Carlier, prefect of police. .Agents weiie sent about the neighbonrhond to make enquiries. It appears, during 10or 12 days consecutively the neighbours had observed seven or eight waggons, used for removing furniture, before the door of the hotel, and as each was filled it quitted the spot. It was stated, on application at the porter's lodge that the Couutde Cauniont had given orders for the sale of his furniture f,s he was about to dispose of his hotel, Tha f urniture wa6 transferred to the Place de la Bourse the moBt public and thronged part of Paris and there Bold by public auction. All this was done day "after day, and the laden waggons pased through the most crowded thoroughfares of the capital-^he Champs ElyBees, the Bbnlevards, the Due Vivienne, anil finally, tbe Place de la Bourse. Not only that, hut the furniture wj& declared to be that of tbe Count, and sold at the mart as such. As a matter of course great la'- gaius were going, and some articles that cost. 25,000f. weiesold at the auction for 5,000f. Tbe more valuable end portable articles, snch as plate, jewellery, &c.;, were not exposed for sale at all, information was jriven by the cmballeur tlwt Jhece latter fi'ling not less than fourte<n ch^ts.wer. s -nt off in a.waggo:!, to lliivre. The p li.eEet out in quest of the w.igion, but witn all their haste tney arrived too late. 1'he waggon had. indeed, arrived at Havre, but the chests containing the valuable articles had been embarked some days before on the •packet ship St. Nicholas, for New Tork. It is necessary to observe that the purchasers, the auctioneers, the packers, and ovary our else employed, all believed the affair lo be a bona fide transaction and never for ft' moment had the slightest suspicion of ^ny thing wrong. How could thev ? All was transported from the Champs Elvsees in the middle of the day, through crowded utreets, and disposed of at public auction iu the most open and fair manner. Th6,iContrirer and executor of this daring robbery is a young lad, not eighteen years of age, tLesnn of the porter iu question. Some davs prir., tie returned home with a p'acard filled with the usual advertisement about the railroad pleasure trains, and by means of which the Paris cockneys are enabled to take a Sunday trip to Dunkirk Havre, Dieppe, and catch a frlinip-e of the sea; all at an unusally low price. The father and mother of tho lad had never aeon the sea in their lives. Hetold them with much tenderness of manner that be had contrived to effect some savings out of his weekly wages, small as they were, and he was determined to devote them to the amusements of hiB beloved parents. He kissed his mother ferrently, and put from 40f to S0F in her hands, aud entreated hor not, to neglect profiting bv these cheap m 1 delightful excursions. The poor woman, rendered happy in tbe belief of the fondness of her child, ran to her husband, and with tears in her eyes, informed him n r what had occurred. In a word, tho honest couple agreed to profit by their child's goodjiess, aud on the followiug'dav (Sunday V sellout with hundreds of others for Dunkirk, where they j were, until a few days after, in the hnppv unc.ousoiousne6s ofwhat had occurred. 'The young man, who, no doubt must lipve been leagued with others, set to work at o^ce, disposed of the furniture as above mentioned, left for Havre ai soon as it was all eaideicept tbe most valuable articles, and, finally, g hro barked, in company with a young fwoman, on board the St, Nicholas, bidding, no doubt, an eternal welfare to La Belle Fratjce. To moke the affair more' piquant, it 'appears that the youthful hero of tho adveniure actually had the audacity to^ present: himself at the Count's residence in the Faubourg St Germain, and present him with a bouquet ot flowers, tho produce of ihe garden ot the hotel in the Cliamps Elysees, and, as ho expressed it, " a small but innocent emblem of affection for his pood and confiding patron."— New Tori• Herald, Sept, 2, 1650. 