: FIVE' MINUTES.-If a young lady says she willbe ready in five minutes, it means the whole afternoon, or whole morning, as the case may be. If.an-omnibus says it is going to start in five minutes, it means halflin hour at the very least If an old gentleman in spectacles says you shall have the newspaper in five minutes, it means aslong as you have the patience to wait. In case of an appointment, when a person says he will be back in less than five minutes,' it means. impossible to cal culato, as no person was ever known to wait longer than an hour. In case of chambers, when a barrister writes up out side :his door the the .same intimation, it means the same uncertainity as above.. If the placard likewise says' ' Gone to Din ner,' it is more prudent not to wait at all. In the case of umbrella that is borrowed 'just for five. minutes,' it means .dooms If you can-say-nine times without a mistake -' Three sieves of sifted, thistles, and three sieves of unsifted thistles., . Why is.a.lover popping the question, like a tailor running a hot goose over a suit of clothes i-Because 'he is pressing a-suit, 'This is what I call capital punish ment,' as the boy said when his mother shut him up in the closet among the pre serves. A shopkeeper in recommending a piece of goods to a lady, remarked, ' Madam, it will wear for ever, and make you a petti coat afterwards.' ' I say, Bill, vich of palaces does you mean to wisit-the glass-palace or the gin-palace ?-' The glass-palace, in course.' A rural poet, in describing his lady love, says-she is as gracefull as a water lily, while her breath smells like an arm ful of clover. His case is certainly ap proaching a climax. Theodore Hook told the alderman who had already surfeited him, and yet pressed him partake of another course-' I thank you; but if it's the same to you, 'Ill take_ the rest in money.' ' Can you tell me,' asks a pundit,' why a conundrum that nobody can gu-ssis like a ghost ?' .' Shall I tell you now or next month ?' ' Now, if you please.' 'Well sir, ,because sooner or later everybody must give it up.' SAn old lady was telling her grandchil dren about some trouble in Scotland, in, the course.of which the chief of 'her clan was beheaded. ' It was nae great thing o' a; head' said the good lady ' but it was a sair loss to him.' MSrs Partington read a criticism the other day, in which a writer.was charged with neglecting the ' Antecedent.' 'Tbat's just like some.stuck up aristocrat that I know,' said the old ladly, thiey always neglect their aunts, and other .relations too, if they happen to be poor.' EMcIGRATIA FROM rLIVERPOOL.--From the central position .of Liverpool in.the British Islands, which renders it equally convenient for emigrants from England, Scotland, and Ireland, and from the.si perior accommodatton and moderate freights of the vessels which frequent this port, it has become the great centre of British emigration. During the year 1850, the emigration from Liverpool. was greater, than it had ever been during any preceding year. Between the l1st of January and the 31st of December of that year, not legs than 174,187 persons embarked at'Liverpool' for foreign coun tries, oflwhom:154,7.39 .were steerage and the --remainder cabin passengers. .The steerage passengers were all emigrants in the. strict sense of the term, and so were the great majority of the cabin passengers.. The number of emigrants during the last year even exceeded that of the year of famine. 'In 1847, the gross-number of 'emigrants from Liverpool was .134,224; in 1848, it was 141,121; in .1849, 152,902; and, in 1850, 174,187. .Of the emigrants who sailed from 'Liverpool during .the year 1850, not less dtian 166,109,.proceeded to the United States of 'America, 4,831: to Canada, 1,104 to Australia, 599 to the Cape, 198 to New Brunswick, 37 to Nova Scotia, and Cape Breton, 97 to - Newfoundland, and 39 to Prince .Edward's Island. Thus it will. be . seen that the States have got quite the .lion's share. One pecu liarity of the emigration of 1850 is, that it continued to the close of the year, in stead of being confined to a few of the finest months. Thenumber of emigrants in January, was .6,948; . in February, 8,779; .in March, 16,783; in April, 17,458; inMay, - 17,498; in June, 13,453; in July, 11,966; in :August, 14,290.; in : September, 15,911; in October, 19,312; in November, 12,444; and in December, 9,826. The number of .emigrant vessels which sailed }from Liverpool during the last :year was 568. Of ,these vessels many are from 1,500, to 2,500 tons, burden,. and a few of them. even reach 3,000 tons. They are among the finest vessels that ever were built, and well commanded, well- man'ned, fitted out in excellent style, and present a won derful improvement inall respects, when compared with the same class of vessels even half a, dozen years ago. Taking the 'average passage-money of each.pas senger in these vessels at £6, .the con veying of emigrants yields a revenue of upwards of £1,000,000 sterlinig to .the shipping which - belongs .to. or frequents this port, independent .of :the .great amount of money which the passage-of such" an immense multitude of: persons through the town miust cause to be-spent in it. In fact, the.passage and convoy ance of emigrants has become one of the greatest trades of Liverpool. -Liverpool ,Times. 