[FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.] November 21st, 1851, News on the Turon River is very scarce, and un- less your attention and that of your readers is fre- quently directed to the monotonous life of the dig- ger, who rises with the sun, and jumps into the large hole, gradually, (under his labor) growing wider, longer, and deeper, where he uses the pick and shovel with untiring energy until sun-set, or unless you depict him as shouldering the yoke and continuing to tramp through the same period of time, backwards and forwards, from the pit to the cradle, heavily laden witli mother earth, or again, as taking his stand by the water-side, where, with one hand on the cradle, and dipper in the other, he continues to rock — rock— rock and dip — dip— dip, occasionally varying the scene for a moment by passing under the hopper to see what he can see. — I say unless your attention is directed to matters such as these, I do not know what else your corres- pondents will find to write about, for such is the life of the digger. True there is also the varied success which attends his labours, and if your " special " should hear of any good- sized nugget or heavy nest of fine gold rewarding the toil of the la- bourer, that is considered a legitimate piece of news but of the hundreds and thousands who daily toil and labour without success we hear little or nothing simply, (I suppose) because that would be no news. Now and then, it is true, your correspondents have an opportunity of suggesting to the Commis- sioners, through your columns, the propriety of adopting some measures for the suppression of such existing irregularities as gambling, illicit grogsell- ing, &c.; &c;, and here allow me to say, that as far as possible, the Commissioners have endeavoured to put a stop to these notorious evils, but what can they do with the handful of policemen who are un- der their command ? They have not near force sufficient to check effectually these irregularities, and unless the government will allow them a larger supply of men, or some measures are taken to raise a force by making the respectable portion of the diggers special constables, to be called on duty in cases of emergency, I suppose we must be content to submit that these evils continue amongst us and grow stronger every day. Yet this ought not to be, for I think the Government derive a revenue from the diggings sufficiently large to enable them to send a force which could be depended upon in any ordinary case of irregularity, and it is rather hard that the miners should pay for dogs and after all have to bark themselves. There is one subject connected with the diggings which I have long expected to see handled by some of your correspondents, but which has not, (as far as.I have seen) been brought under your notice. I allude to the growing practice of buying and selling claims. It now assumes an appearance very much like " land jobbing," and some of the modes adopted to secure and dispose of claims are, in my opinion, unfair and disreputable. For in- stance, an individual takes out one, two, or three licenses, as the case may be, and with these in his pocket he walks up and down the river, and if he observes any new spot opened, he will immediately mark out a claim to the extent of his license. He will then walk on to another spot and do likewise. In this way one man can secure four or five claims on as many different "points " or bars in the river — nothing is further from his thoughts than working these claims, but when those around him have " cleared" or "stripped" the surface, and are able to wash, the soil, he has a claim to sell, and fixes his price according to the success of those around him. I have known parties calling thomselves " gentlemen " adopt this plan of making money, and can assure you that it is frequently more suc- cessful than gold digging. I have known as much as £40 to be given for a spot which has never been tried, but which was marked out amid much squab- bling under such circumstances as above. It is not for me to say what should be done in this case ; but I think something should be done ; for now there are hundreds who are walking daily up and down the river, and can find no likely spot to work upon, and if a digger sees what he imagines to be an unoccupied place, and begins to work upon it, up jumps the ghost of one of the small-beer land job- bers, who forthwith claims it, and should any dis- pute arise, the Commissioner is fetched to the spot, and the production of the "never-failing " license or licenses settles the question to the discomfort of the poor laborer, who has to pack up bag and bag- gage and seek some other place, perhaps with the same success. I hope that you sir, or some of your correspondents will take up this matter, and let us have the advantage of your cogitations. 