CITY COUNCIL. An adjourned meeting of the City Council was held on Friday, in the Council Chamber, More' changes Institution, Collins-street; His Worship the Mayor in the chair; present-Aldermen Greeves, Johnston, and Smith, Councillors Cos- grave, Campbell I). S., Guthridge, Hodgson, Kerr, M'Combie, Reilly, Robinson, and Young. THE MINUTES, The Acting Town Clerk read the minutes of his, and of the various Committees of Council since last meeting, and on a motion to that effect being put from the chair, they were con- t i mod. ' FINANCE. Councillor M'Combie wished to ask the chairman whether any communications had been received from the lessee of the cattle markets He had been talking to that gentleman a day or two ago, and he offered that, as the Council were " hard up" for money, he would at once pay his year's rent, if allowed one half the usual interest on the amount, and he (Councillor M'Combie), thought too often very reasonable one, and that it ought to receive some attention. The Mayor said he had no information on the subject, but, if Mr Councillor M'Combie wished to bring the subject be I use the Council, he should do so by placing a motion to that effect on the notice paper orders or the day. The first business on the notice paper was the second clause of the third order of the day on the notice paper of the 15th instant, viz : " Secondly To consider and order upon a Report from the Public Works Committee, received at the Council Meeting of the 14th April, on a petition from certain inhabitants of Collingwood, praying the Council to refer the Report of that Cntnmiiten dated 23rd January, 1851 on the subject of the alignment of the streets of Collingwood, again for the re-con- sideration of that Committee" Councillor Young moved, and it was carried unanimously, that the Council resolve itself into committee for the fu-, their consideration of this order of the day. 'ALIGXMKST CFSTItir.rs IN COLLINGWOOD. Some very amusing discussion ensued as to ramble, or rather re-christening, proclaiming, and widening of the various streets of Collingwood, many of the members addressing themselves to the consideration of the merits of a street a few hundred yards distant from that at the moment under consult ration by the Council, and after the streets had got names from their godfather-general, Councillor Kerr, the confusion became worse confounded. Should the streets have ghosts like the brig of Ayr, we can imagine what confusion there will be at their next, meeting, and how indignant ghost Young-street would be to headdresses as ghost Greeves. After some little discussion, it was ordered T'hnt Charles-street be proclaimed as far as the western boundary of section 69. CONDELL-STREET. That Williams-street, alias King William street,, be proclaimed tram the Eastern road to the Western boundary of section 69 and that the name of the street be changed to Condell street. The name being changed to Condell in honor of the first Mayor and first member of Council for the City, Mr Condell the brewer. Moon-sTitnrT. That William-street be opened from the Eastern to the Western road, and made of uniform width, and that, the name of the street be changed to that of Moor- street. NB-The name being in honor of one of the most excellent and highly esteemed members for the dis Iriflt, and as a mark of Councillor Kerr's high appreciation of the taleiits,coiisisteii(iy,independeiice, and great public services of one of our present members for the district, Henry Moor, Esq. PALMER STREET. That Marion street be proclaimed from the Eastern boundary to Brunswick-street and that the future of the street be changed to that of Palmer-street. A member suggested that the street should be called Doctor Palmer-street, ascertain honour of that gentleman. - sr. iiAvin-RTitrnr. That St David-street be proclaimed from the Western-road as far us Briuinwick- htrcet, its truth: SQuAm:. That the line between Brunswick-street and St. David-street be proclaimed; and that it be called La more-square. Councillor Kerr said he moved the change in the name of this street in compliment, to the office, and not to the plan, and Alderman John Latham suggested that, that being the case, he should call it Superlnieiidenf-Hqiiuro : but the Councillor replied, that he did not admire the uUicoof Superintendent. GREEVES STREET. 'shut him western road, or Ihinovoi-slicet, 18 proclaimed ; and' the name of the street be changed to that of Greaves-street. Councillor Kerr moved that this street, be so called, us nothing could be more in propriate than a G Reeves-street running into La Trobe square. , Alderman Greeves thought that Councillor Kerr had forgotten Alelennini Bell, who was next in rotation, if the streets were to be named after the successive mayors of the City. Councillor Kerr had not intended any slight to Mr Alderman Bell, and he begged his pardon for having passed him over, but he still thought the name so appropriate, that it would be a pity to change it. Councillor Young said he did not like a street so called near his house ; there was something fearful about the name-Grieve, lo Grieve, Grievous. He would rather the name and the street were any where else. bills street. That Albert-street be proclaimed from La Trobe-street to the western road and that the name of the street be changed to that of Bell street. Alderman Greeves said that as if was now very evident for what purpose Alderman Bell's name had been passed over in the first instance, he did not envy the gentlemen their feelings who could do such an act. VICTORIA PARADE. ' That the portion of Victoria Parade within the precincts of Collingwood be proclaimed. NICHOLSON' STREET. That the writer n road he proclaimed, and that it be called Nicholson-street. The street, was so named in honor of our present most Worshipful Mayor of Melbourne. SMITH STREET. That the Eastern road in Collingwood be proclaimed, and that it be called Smith-street. . Lucille STREET. That the Western road be proclaimed, and that it he called Reilly-street JOHNSTON STREET. That-the Government road from the eastern to the western boundary, be proclaimed, and that it he called Johnston-street. YOUNG-STREET. That Charlotte-street he proclaimed as far as La Trobe square, and that the name of the street be changed to that of Young-street. K.ERR-STREET. I That A Argyle-street be proclaimed from the eastern to the western road, and that the name of the street be changed to that of Kerr-street. VTCSTOARTH-STUi:l.T. That New street be proclaimed from the eastern to the western boundary, and that the mean of the street be changed to that of Went worth-street. The name being in honor of the present member of the city ; but not intended in any way to interfere with the "more substantial token" proposed by Alderman Smith. Thal George-street north be proclaimed from Reilly street to St David-street and that it be proclaimed from St David-street to Webb-street of uniform width. That G ore-street north be proclaimed of uniform width to Webb-street. That the whole of the foregoing streets, as named and laid out by the Council, be duly advertised. It was then moved by Alderman Greeves and carried, that the Council proceed to the next order of the day. The Council then adjourned. 