HOUSE OF LORDs July 11. In the House of Peers, Lord Redesdale brought the subject of reviving the synodical action of the Church under notice, in a speech most praiseworthy for its temperate, Ulitheological, and statesmanlike time. Moving formally for a copy of the petitions presented by the clergy and laity of the province of Canterbury to both Houses of Convocation on the 5th of February last, he reviewed the objections to renewing the synodical action of the Church, and portrayed the evils which arise from the absence of Convocation. It is legal, and has only fallen into disuse. Fatal disputes are feared but they did not arise when Convocation existed, and do not arise in the governing bodies of other religious denominations, in the case of The Church of Scotland, and the communities of Dissenters. Peace does not exist at present ; but only the violent obtain prominence and control. So that the Church is either parallel, or represented by unauthorized persons. The stream of opinion in favour of granting the Church her old liberty of synodical action is flowing so fast that at last it will be impossible to withstand it. These views were opposed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, with the usual arguments against reviving the synodical action of the Church if the assembling of Convocation were to end in reconciling some conflicting rubrics, or in supplying the deficiencies of others, or in the change of a few obsolete words or questionable phrases, the result would be little worth tire cost. Thus far you would disappoint I go further and you would excite. Where we have now a smoldered Ure, hotter perhaps than is agreeable, but still manageable, we should raise a conflagration which it would require all Her Majesty's prerogative to extinguish, in spite of divisions, and notwithstanding its want of independent action, the Church of England enjoys the best of all privileges the means of extensive usefulness. Lord Lyttelton desired the revival of Convocation, us promising, by further discussion and explanation, to smooth the way to peace ; but if we could not have peace wir bout sacrificing life and freedom, let us have war. He explained, that he meant by Convocation, "a representative body including the laity as well as the clergy." The Archbishop of Dublin referred to his views at expressed long ago in print : the government of the Church by the clergy exclusively could not and would not be tolerated in these days. The Duke of Argyll remarked that great confusion exists as to the nature of the old English Convocation ; which was a purely clerical body, convened not to regulate ecclesiastical affair-', but to assent to taxes. The difficulty of forming a new tribunal is, that there is no traditionary skeleton on which to fashion it. Earl Nelson believed that the greatest danger now threatened is, that the Government should neglect the question. The Marquis of Lansdowne, called forth, by allusions of previous speakers to the silence of Ministers, declared that he has not sufficient confidence in Convocation to be party to any scheme which should not give the power to " govern its proceedings, or say in what ways of controversy it might he directed' The Bishop of London declared his opinion, that unless some representative body, com billing the representation of all classes of the Church, should be permitted to assemble and deliberate, life time is not very far distant when the Government and heads of dioceses will not know which way to turn. The Bishop of Oxford dealt with the question from a more warmly religious point of view, but still not without a reference to its political aspects. He was desirous of going back to that which was established when the Apostles said that they met together to consult for the welfare of the Church, and that because they did so consult they spoke such words as seemed good to the Holy Ghost for the general good. That which he desired to see granted to the Church of England was no priestly domination no episcopal tyranny. There was no remedy for the evils that had crept in by reason of the recent operations in the Church, and no power for that necessary self-expansion, If the Church of England did her duty, unless power for her own internal! regulation: were given to her; a power which should bring together, her discordant elements, and blend Utera in one harmonious operation. It was not and never had been the condition of the Church of Christ to have perfect unity of opinion. It could not be. He believed that the constitution of men's minds made it impossible. Some must incline to Culvnrisin, and otbers to Arminianism. The office of the Church of Christ was not to extinguish all those differences of opinion; but it was nevertheless possible that Christians should co-exist together in harmonious co-operation, according as it had been arranged by the Divine Founder of the Christian religion. if, however, the Legislature would handle the living body which was dwelling amongst them as Lorne mere instrument of human device- if they would attempt by their external legislation to make it speak a language which it had not derived from its Author,' and to do arts which it could not justify by its precepts then, where they promised peace they would find death; where they promised success they would find failure and they would finally be lea as incompetent as ever any unchristian nation had been to deal with the cor- ruptions and unnumbered evils of a church which, as a body politic, they had to administer. The motion was agreed to. The discussions referring to education were in the House of Commons. ' In Committee of Supply, on the vote of 150 000/. for public education, Lord John Russell stated that there is a balance in hand of 9,000/. and out of this balance it is intended to apply such a portion that the expenditure for this year will be 160, 381/- A new principle is in action-that of giving stipends to pupil-teachers, of augmenting the salaries of masters and mistresses, etc, and generally of improving the quality of the education given and the effects are such that the schools are daily increasing in popularity and usefulness. In the debate which followed, Lord John stated that he still looks forward to the establishment of a more extended system of national education, and thinks all our efforts are making progress in that direction. Mr. Mowatt mooted the subject of the application of those funds of the Church which were devoted by our ancestors to education purposes, by moving for an address to the Crown fora Commission on the educational trusts confided to the Cathedral establishments of the kingdom. The motion being illustrated especially by the case of Mr. Winston at Rochester, it was resisted by the Solicitor-General, on the ground that the Rochester case Is lis pendens." Mr. Bernal and some other members gravely urged that the general question (should be taken up, or it will involve new assaults on the Church. Motion negatived without division. The question of the Crystal Palace and its future was raised by Lord Brougham, in presenting a petition from Air. Paxton. The petition embodied the view set forth in Mr. Paxton's pamphlet, and prayed that the building might not be removed without the fullest consideration of the plan for converting, it into a winter garden. Lord Brougham abstained from discussing his own original objection to the site selected ; complimented Mr. Paxton; admitted the European usefulness of the Exposition and heartily sup ported the prayer for full consideration of the subject. Lord Campbell totally objected to the idea of retaining the structure ; public faith, he argued, was pledged to its removal; it was not constructed for permanency, and if it were retained, so much of the imperfect part would have to be supplied that it would be virtually rebuilt; and the expense both of reconstruction and maintenance would be enor- mous say 100 000 and 20 6000. a year- Earl Granville, presenting a petition like the other, from Ashford, admitted the pledge imposed on the Commissioners to remove the building; had no doubt of its stability; believed that a winter garden would be a great luxury to many of the inhabitants of London ; but reserved all opinion as to the expediency of retaining stylish- rons ordered to lie on the table. 