LORD BEAUMONT AND THE POPE. The following letter lias been addressed to the Earl of Zetland by a distinguished Boroan Catholic Peer — Lord Beaumout: — 'Dublin, Nov. 20, 1850. ' My dear Lord Zetland,— I perceive that the newsDBDCrs have anounced the intention of the High Sheriff to a public meeting to consider the propriety of addressing the Crown, on the subject of the late insult offered to this country S- the Court of Rome ; and I learned from e same sources of information that the step on the part of the High Sheriff lias been taken in consequence of a requsition signed by nearlv all the resident peers in Yorkshire. It is* (natter not only of no surprise, but of no regret to me, that such a proceeding should be adopted by the country, for the ects in question are of ?quite as much political and social importance as of religions and sectarian character. The Pope, by his ill advised measures, has placed the Roman Catholics in this country in a position where they must either break with Rome, or vioUte their allegiance to the consti tution of these realms ; they must either con sider the Papnl bull as null and void, or assert the right of a foreign Prince to create by liis bishoprics. To Bend a bishop to Beverley far the spiritunl direction of the Roman Catholic clergy in Yorkshire, and to create a see of Beverley, are two very different things — the one is allowed by the tolerant laws of the country; the other requires territorial dominion and soverign power within the country. If you deny that this country is a fief of Rome, and that Pontiff has any dominion over it you deny liis power to create a territorial see, and you condemn the late bull as ' sound and fury sig nifying nothing,' If, on the contrary, you admit his power to rise Westminster into an archbishopric and Beverley into a bishopric, you make over to the Pope a power which, ac cording to the constitution, rests solely with the Queen end her parliament, and thereby infringe the prerogative of the one, and interfere with tbc authority of the other. It is imposible to act up to the spirit of the British constitution, and at the same time to acknowledge the juris diction of the Pope in local matters. Such is the dilemma in which the lately published bull places the English Roman Catholic. I am not, however, sufficiently acquainted with their views on the subject, or their intentions respect ing it, to give any oppinion as to the effect this newly assumed authority of Rome will have upon their conduct i but [ am inclined to believe that the Tablet and V Vnivers newspapers speak the sentiments of the zealous portion of the Roman Catholic community, and thnt they are the real, if not the avowed, organs of the priest hood. The Church of Rome admits of no moderate party among the laity ; moderation in respect to her ordinances is lukewarmncss. and the lukewarm she invariably spues out of her mouth. You must be with her against all opponents, or you are not hers; and, therefore, when Rome adopts a measure such as the present, it places tlie laity in the awkward dilemma I have alluded to. ' Believing, there fore that tha late bold and clearly expressed edict of the Court of Home cannot' be received or accepted by English Roman Catholics with out a violation of their duties ns citizens, I ne?d not add that I consider the line of conduct now adopted by Lord John Russell as that of a true friend of the British Constitution.— Believe me, my dear Lord Zetland, yours very truly, ' Beaumont.' 'To the Right Hon. the Earl of Zetland.' The net 9 &10 Vic. c. 59, rccived the royal assent on Aug. 10, 1846, and repealed an act passed in the 13th year of Elizabeth, entitled ' an act against the brinsins in or nuttin? into :ecution of bulls, writing or instruments, and her superstitious things, from the sec of me,' so far only as the same imposes the \dties or punishments therein mentioned ; tjoffence was then held to be treason and jeJpunishment was nothing less tlmn in Ml' B'1' ?' -s hereby dcolarcd that nothing rcndcPRCtment contained shall authorise or import}1^0' f°r ftny person or persons to W in, or put into execution, within this realm, any such bulls, writings, or instru ments; and that in all rcspcctB, save as to penalties or punishments, the law shall continue the same as if this enactment had not been made.'— 9 and 10 Vice. 59. The Tablet says, thnt our English bishoprics are ' ghosts of re alities gone by,' and that the Pope and his bull have ' utterly ignored them.' On Tuesday morning the grand conference of the friends of the Freehold Land movement was opened in the Town Hall. The attendance of delegates and others was far greater than at the conference last year. Amongst those present were Richard Cobden, Esq. M. i-. ; J Bright, Esq. si. p. ; William Scholeneld Esq. m. v. M.T. Bass, Esq. m. p.; Joseph Sturgc, &c.; Thereportof the council st&tedthat;, from various Freehold Land Societies, it appears there are 75 of these institutions in existence, indepen dently of a good number of branches. These -societies contain 25,000 members, subscribing for 35,000 shares, and the amount of paid up contributions can be little short of j£160,00(). The report having been agreed to, some further business was gone thiougbt, and the conference adjourned. 