.REPORT OF TlHE OPINIONS OF TIIE CLERGY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA, ON. THE ",MINU1TES OF PROCEEDINGS. OFTIHEAUSTRIALAS[AN BISIIOPS,"'AT SYDNEY, IN OCTOBER, 1650. To the Right lercrcnd the Lord Bishop of Adltaide. Chapter House, Adelaide, Feb. , 1850. My lord,--We, uth Clergy of ,uI Diocsse ,f; Adelaide, having deliberated, at your. Lordship's suggeslion. upun the " Minutes of i'rpceedilgs at it, meeting of the MIctropolitan and SI umr?Tgn lBilshops. of the lPrl'?uce of Australaain, tid alt S)docey, in October last." have now the honob of submitting for e your Lordship's consideration. our viewsandopiions 'a thereon, as embndled in the follbwiidg 'piposltions; h , Though unfortunately under the necessity of dif ferilg from your ,lordship oni many ~ on ts, we a trmist that our manner of doing so Will beh deemed a vhsesceptionable. We are persuaded that we only e do justice to tile ChCli Pastbra of the Austlelasiain Churches by giving them credit' for n, sincere and I1 earnest desire to lavance the Interests or true religion if their tespeetive',diae'sest As Presbytdrs nd b Deacons of the Church of England, we must claim a to be contideredl no lesa desirou of securing the r attainment of the great ends of the Church's in stitution. . It ' ntthougli t iecesstry, to remark .upon c those matters contained in the '! Minutes" which I are delermihed by the rubricv, referred to the dec- c sion of the Ordinary, or, judging from the general usages in the mother country,, left to the discretion of each Individual clergyman. Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity on rminor or trivial matters would, it is to be feared, not only fail' inlIt object, but would tedd- to engender strife and evil surmnisings. The Church needs rest. May its Chief Pastors be endued with the spirit of wisdom, power. love, and of a sound mind and may we all-Clergy and Laity-be divinely enabled to maintain the faith " in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteous esits of life':"-= Prop6sitidnik a6dve referrid to. 1, That, our proceedings may be made public. 2\. T'at we proceed to the" consideration of the "* Minutes" seriatim; omitting, however, all discus sion upon the question of baptismal regeneration, except to atlirm on the proprlety or otherwise of its introduction into the "'Minlutes," 1 ,I. That we regard ,tie mr ttina of the Bishops re'seetlvely of Sydney, Tasmanila, New Zeeiland; Adelaide, Newcastle, and, Melbourne, simply as a roltidsary assembtlng of the Chief PAstors of: the Australian Dioceses.to confer upon matters' affectb ing the interests of the Church. S4. 'i'hnt while we approve mainly of the objects on which the Bishops proposed to consult, as specit ded in Section i, we cannot refrain from expresilng regret that. as they had not' conferred with their respective Clergy before their meeting, they should havre forwarded their " Minutes" to England with a view, it is presumed, to Imnerial Legislation;, with. out previously submitting them to the Clergy and Iaityof their respective Dioceses. Future Synods and Conrentions. 5\. That adverting to chap. iii , "On Future Syfnodi' and Conventions," we are of opinion' that it would tie preferable for the Clergy and Laity to niset it one Assenibly or 'Conventioun, consisting of every licensed Presbyter having cure of souls, and one or more Laymen, chosen by and out of the meoinbers'of each congregation, in full communion, 'and presided over'bytthe Bishop of. the Diocese. Subdivision of Diocese and Nomination of Bishops, 6\. That the right and power of her most gracious SMajesty to subdivide the Australasian Dioceses aid to nominate bishops thereto has hitherto been wisely and beneficially exercised, and ought for the present to be retained intact; and that, should a period or . -......n it shoul be deamd exnedlent that her :Majesty should relinquish the right of: nomi to . noting colonial sees, we are of opinion. that ac cording to ancient usage, such right f 'noniliiotidn .should.bevested in the clergy of the diocese over which the bishop is to preside. Ch.trch dMeinbershipi. :-. Mew:rx--On ta discussion of the phrase "" duly sbaptized," it was understoodthat the word '' duly" was.inten'dd to beexplained by the words following, .viz..-'.with water, in the name ofthe Father,,Son, and .Hoiy Ghost," and not to refer to the person bhuptizistg. " usct.' " 7.' That, as the Australasian Bishops "disclaim" the right, power, or wish "to suspend or revoke, at their own discretion, the licences.of Cletgymetr," we are of opinion that the licences to incumbencies should, as. far as possible, be in the same form of 'woi'ds as those issued to incumbents in England, an9g not.revocable at "pleasure." 8\. That it is 'desrable there should be ia power of. •deprising Clergy, convictedof immoralityor heresy, of their incumbencies. S'tats of Clergy. S.' That we view with some degree of fear and disapprobnatlo the desire of the A ustralaslan Bishops to license Clergymen to charges' of a'" temporary stature,', and'the wish expressed by them " that can didates for Holy Orders" should place "themselves" entirely "a' the disposal of thelr' Bishop for some definite term of years, and leave to him tihe respon i?bility of appointing and changing their station dur :Ingaiuch period;"-as we believe such i policy, if general, would under present circumstances, be in. jurious to the maiintenance of mental independence,' doctrinal purity, and pastoral..fidelity among the junior Clergy, and would be Inimical to their do-: mastic comfort and general usefulness. 10\. Thatit is of the utmost importance to the re spectability, influence, and efficiency of the clerical .body. in this Diocese to keep up, as far as possible, the standard of secular and theological learning for candidates for Holy Ordersiwhich is required by the Bishops at:home. 1i. That under" preset' circumstance; It 's not desirable to admit to' the Discenate, .for the service of the Church in this Diocese, persoss whose pre 'vious'positiop Ia thecolony would materially impair tbelrinfluence, 12\. That, for the due preservation of order and lharmony, it is desirable that po.Deacon or £atqchist should be introduced into any' district already under 'the careof :a Presbyterj but,.on the nomhination of *such Presbyter, to whom the said Deacon or Cate-.' chist should be s'ubordinate. LTU ROT. . Marriageef persona neither of tclem belongs to the Church. .1. That 'whireas up to a recent period no mar-i. riages of'Dissenters in England. were legal unless. celebrated according' to the rites and ceremonies of the' Establisned Church. 'and whereas at the present tiunme the majority of Dissenting marriages are so celebrated'in the mother-country, we are of opinion that no Australasian Clergymen ought to refuse to martry any parties who may apply to him, though they be .nut members of our commiunion. . .linistering to .Dissenters. 14\. 'That while we are relieved from any legal " obligation" A' to perform religious services for persons who are not members of our church,' yet, to guard against arty misconception, we desire to expreui our readlness to afibid our minlkterial omcca, 'as far as in us lies, to any who may need or desire them. Mlnute.-We deem it inexpedient to expres+ an olinion on sbmb poi nti toudhled uptib in chaptiervil., as we believe these points most be leit, to at certain exteint, to the discretion of thl Olmciatllng Mnlloste . We feel bound, however, to remark that itrsectibn 9, letter d, no mention is made of marriages to be solemnised on certificate from the IHglstrar's Office; but we cannot suppose that it is intended ly suis omissiot to cbndemn'the salenitization of such mar riages by Duinisters of our Church. We desire also to express the dificulty we are Under of understanding what is meant by tie adviceo of the llishlps to repel from the Holy Commurioni persons who istvo married .within the prohibited degrees "until they have repented and be refeoired." Holy Baptism. 15\. That the introduction by the Australasian Bishops of the question of Holy Baptism into their L, inutes" was utcalled foannd inju'dicious; that the construction put by them upon the "Creed, Articles, and Liturgy," withi'resjeci to this siibject, would, If unposed; be tatitainount to a now article of faith; and that the dogmatical determination of a question which has over been pratteielly consideted an open oae, virtually narrows tihe terms of commlu nion with our Church. Edrication. Il. ''Tht, whhilst desirous ofseceink.a school eslab lished in connexion with every church in this colony, te shall liet prepaied to r~egard favorkbly i Ay'sa?sism of education in which the Bible shall be the basis of the instruction given. MisdIbris. S17. That we hall with gresatisfaction theoestab. iishieent of the Atlastralasla H Bodrd of 111isoUni,h connection wlih our Church, with a ?iew to thle con. version of the aboriginal inhabitants of Australasla and Isles of the Westorii' Pcific;as id wie~eirddtily hope and. pray thlat such measures may,bheadopted and carried out'by its niembers as may liecruwned with the Divine blessing. 