Great Public Meeting OF THE Members of the Church of England AGAINST THE BISHOPS' CONFERENCE AT SYDNEY. On Friday evening, pursuant to notice, a most important and triumphant public meeting of the lay members of the Church of England was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Melville-street, Hobart Town, " to consider the Minutes of Con- ference of the Bishops at Sydney and the questions connected therewith," The spacious building was crowded with the most respectable lay and clerical members of the Church, and of some connected with other religious denominations; there were also a few ladies present. Among the company we observed Captain Fenton, M.L.C., John Dunn, jun., Esq., M.L.C., P. Fraser, Esq., (Colonial-Secretary,) Drs. Milligan, Officer, Bed- ford, Crowther, Stonor, Esq., (Solicitor-General,) Joseph Hone, Esq., (Chairman of Quarter Ses- sions,) T. J. Knight, Esq., (Chairman of Quarter Sessions, Launceston,) J. Barnard, Esq., J. P., W. Sorell, Esq., Fielding Brown, Esq., Captain Chalmers, W. Kermode, Esq., J. P., W. Carter, Esq., J. P., W. G. Elliston, Esq., J.P., J. B. Tonkin, Esq., J. Boyd, Esq , A. Orr, Esq., J. G. Francis, Esq., Major Cotton, Revs. Dr. Bedford, Dr. Fry, Bedford, Medland, Durham, Bennett, Forster, Gurney, Ffookes(sic), Norman, Bryan, Tancred, Davenport, &o.;, &o.; There could not have been less than from 800 to 1000 persons altogether. On the motion of J. Hone, Esq , seoonded by Captain Fenton, T. J. Knight Esq., was requested to occupy the chair. MR. KNIGHT, (on acceding to the request,) observed that they were assembled, not to dispute difficult and delicate questions of doctrine or articles of faith, but to decide whether it was necessary to add anything to those they already espoused ; to consider, in fact, the minutes of the Sydney Conference of Bishops ; and as it was desirable their proceedings should be marked by calmness, and the recollection that they were in the presence of God, he should request (in the name of the meeting,) their venerable friend, Dr. Bedford, to invoke the presence and blessing of the Most High by prayer. The Rev. Dr. Bedford having engaged in prayer, THE CHAIRMAN said, they were all more or less acquainted with the object of the meeting, which had its origin in the Conference of Bishops at Sydney, whose decisions were first brought to the notice of the clergy of Adelaide ; and they as well as the laity, had spoken their minds in plain terms. (Hear, hear ) The subject had been considered there, and ended in certain resolutions come to at a public meeting. The Minutes had subsequently been brought to the notice of the Archidiaconal Chapter of Hobart Town, when the clergy presented an address to the Bishop, embodying their views. It was a source of delight, that, by intelligence just come to hand, they were informed the clergy and lay members of the church at Melbourne had ex- pressed their opinions in a letter to Bishop Perry, which his Lordship had received most graciously (hear, hear), embodying the views recognized by the association recently formed in this colony for promoting the principles of the reformation (cheers). He (the chairman) might say, there- fore, in one word, that the clergy and lay mem- bers of the church at Adelaide, the chapter of tho southern division of this island, and the bishop, clergy, and laity of Melbourne, were united in opinion as to the character of the Mi- nutes of the Sydney Conference (prolonged cheers). It having been ascertained, beyond all question, that the resolutions of the bishops bad been sent to England with a view to imperial legislation, the subject became one of urgent importance, and it was thought desirable that an opportunity should be afforded for the expression of opinion here ; a requisition was consequently forwarded to tho Bishop of Tasmania signed by, he believed, 500 lay members of the church, requesting his lordship to convene a meeting to take the Minutes into consideration. The Bishop's reply bad been published, but he would, with their permission, read it. [The learned gentleman then read the Bishop's letter refusing to convene the proposed meeting, and proceeded] : His lordship therefore declines to comply (disapprobation), and yet we are here (cheers and laughter). They would allow him (the chairman) to make two remarks : first, they were free men (tremendous applause), and as such could legitimately assemble and ex- press their sentiments on any subject of a public nature. Besides, they were Englishmen (cheers), and were therefore an orderly, a methodical, and a loyal people, and liked to have everything fair and above board. It was their delight to have tho countenance of the constituted authorities ; and with such motives and feelings it was usual if they wanted a public meeting to present a re- quisition to the Sheriff; but if the Sheriff thought proper to refuse, would any one tell him that such refusal ought to frustrate the intentions of the requisitionists? ("No, no.") Besides, he (Mr. Knight) might go the length of saying had the Bishop been better informed than he was, it is possible he might have thought proper to convene that meeting. What was the purport of this sentence in his reply ? " You further state that this Report has been ' transmitted to England with a view to Imperial legislation.' I am really perplexed to discover what portion of the Report can have given rise to such an opinion. All that the Bishops have themselves said upon the subject is, that they propose transmitting it to the Archbishops and Bishops of the United Church of England and Ireland.' You will upon reflection admit that this is a widely different thing from submitting it to 'imperial legislation,' or courting the super- vision of the two Houses of Parliament. It seems to me, therefore, that you have requested me to convene this meeting upon either a too hasty perusal of the Report in question, or upon an entire misconception of its real tenor." His lordship said in effect " You ask me to con- vene this meeting beoause the resolutions of the Bishops have been sent to England, with a view to Imperial legislation ; but you are mistaken in your views, the resolutions were not so sent, neither was there any intention to influence the legisla- ture." He (the chairman) put it to them whether that was of the candid, fair, and honest inter- pretation a this passage ? Now, it was most ex traordinary that although the other Bishops were cognizant of what was designed by the, confer- ence, the real object should not have been com- municated to the Bishop of Tasmania; and there- fore his lordship must have attended the meeting without knowing for what purpose ! (Laughter.) But the following extract of a letter from Dr. Short, Bishop of Adelaide, dated 21st January, 1851, proves that he (Dr. Short) knew what the object was - Bishop Sort says, " When I left Adelaide I was summoned by the Metropolitan Bishop to meet my brethren. The proposed meeting was known to the Archbishop of Canterbury, and it was called for by the legislation touching the colonial church in the Imperial Parliament." (Marks of disapprobation.) He (Mr. Knight) must again say it appeared to him that had their Bishop been correctly informed, he would have adopted another course, and given his sanction to the meeting. (Loud laughter,) But he must protest that in any community in which his (the Chairman's) lot might be cast, he would not submit to be prevented by any man, or body of men, from the exorcise of his un- doubted right to express his opinions, whether with or without the concurrence of the authori- ties, or (if necessary) in spite of authority. (Much applause.) The Chairman (before he sat down) stated that he had a letter from R. Kermode, Esq., addressed " To the Chairman of the Public Meeting," in which Mr. Kermode gave his own views on the objects of the meeting. Private affairs prevented his attendance, but he took a lively interest in the meeting, and his principles were in strict harmony with the purposes for which they bad assembled. CAPTAIN FENTON, M.L.C., moved the first resolution. I. ... That it is the right and duty of the Laity to express an opinion on the decisions of the Australian Bishops put forth in the Minutes of Conference concerning the faith and practice of the Church ; and that in any Assembly for administration of the affairs of the Church, the Lay Members are entitled to express their opinions, to propose measures for adoption, and to deliberate and vote with the Clergy ¡ and that the restriction by the Conference, of all deliberations and resolutions respecting "rules of practice and ecclesiastical order," and also respecting " the pro cesses necessary for carrying such rules into effect," to Synods composed exclusively of Clergymen, is practically to exclude the Laity from tho exercise of their right of being consulted in, and of giving their consent to all rules and decisions concerning the faith and practice of the Church of which they are members. He then alluded to the novel position they were called upon to take, under the peculiar circumstances in which, as members of the Church of England in this colony, they found themselves placed. There never was an occasion on which they had more carefully to exercise-their judg- ment, and weigh well their deliberations, so as to avoid the imputation of a desire to foment dissen- sion in tho church, or create misunderstanding. The resolution he had the honor to propose, he would then read. The members of the church must be convinced in their minds that they ought not to take their faith or dootrines on the credit of any human being ; their standard of orthodoxy was the sacred Scriptures, which they were bound to study for themselves ; it was not the belief or dictum of bishop or clergy (much as they might respect them) that would save them at the last day: the true principle of the church was the sufficiency of Holy Scripture, and if they con- tended for this, there would be no occasion for dissension. It was their duty to declare pub- licly (and that was what was implied in the reso- lution) their right to know any proposed article of faith or doctrine affecting the church. Who had so great a right? They were the church (hear, hear} ; though they allowed the clergy to be a valuable portion of it, as being dedicated to the church's service, and devoting their time and attention-and there were, no doubt, among them many amiable, estimable, and religious men ; and when they preached its true dootrines, the people must bo edified by their discourse, and by en- joying communion with them. Perhaps he was going a little beyond the resolution entrusted to him: they could not deny the right of the church, the laity, to give an opinion on the Sydney minutes (hear, hear). The same thing had been done by the laity at Melbourne, and he would read that portion of the resolutions agreed to, with the concurrence of their Bishop, relating to con- ventions, by which it was provided that lay repre- sentatives from the ecclesiastical parishes or dis- tricts should have a voice at all diocesan meet- ings equally with the clergy. (Cheers). The constitution of courts for the trial of offending clergymen, also provided a direct appeal to the Archbishop of Canterbury-the highest ecclesi- astical authority in England- which was just what would meet the peculiar position of the church. He would in the next place read to them a portion of the Bishop of Melbourne's letter to the Archdeacon of Geelong, expressive of his lordship's approval of the views of the clergy on the several points dlsoussed by them, and such as ought (for the sake of those now in orders, and those who were being educated for the ministry as well as the laity themselves) to obtain in this diocese. The mere dictum of the Bishop should not be the standard of examination for orders ; if it was, their clergy would cease to command re- spect, because they would have to preach what, in many cases, they did not in their consciences believe. With every respect for the present head of the church in this colony, he (Capt. Fenton) would remind them how many had boen alienated from their church, and had gone over to Rome ; they should calculate on the possibility of one getting to the head of the church, who might en- courage Romanizing tendencies. It was neces- sary to provide against such contingencies ; the present state of the church, the world, and above all (he would say), the assumption of the Pope (a laugh), rendered it absolutely necessary. (Ap- plause.) He (Captain Fenton) felt that he ought to apologise for not being altogether prepared for the task imposed upon him, having had but a short notice. (Cheers.) JOHN DUNN, Esq., M.L.C., seconded the resolution, which was put from the chair and carried (with but one dissentient) amid much applause. J. G. FRANCIS, Esq., was called upon to propose the second resolution. II ... That this Meeting regards with apprehension the Minutes of Bishops on the subject of Holy Baptism, put forth as "the Just interpretation of the Formularies of the Church of England respecting the regeneration of Infants," as tending to narrow the terms of communion with, and admission into, our Church, He said it was necessary he should express his ina bility to do it justice, as it was contrary to his habit to take prominence in the discussion of public ques- tions, whether relating to civil, religious, or moral topics. The Bishop appeared to him to have comprehended wrongly the effect of the Sydney conference. It was all very well for him to term them deliberations, not decisions ; but he put it to the common sense of that meeting whether, if the Chief Justices of half a dozen colonies were to meet together, and record their opinions on cer- tain laws, they would not to all practical intents and purposes be of the same effect as law, only waiting the acquisition of power to put them in 'force? (Cheers.) The resolution related to holy baptism, upon which the Bishops had thought proper to give what they termed " a just inter- pretation. In truth, they had arrogated to themselves superior power to the Privy Council itself, which declared it to be " an open ques- tion.*' (Hear, bear.) The Conference had pro- nounced that there was but " one" interpretation, and if that was not a "decision,'' he knew not what was. (Cheers.) He (Mr. Francis) for one would never be a party to a system which in- volved the visiting the sins and omissions of the fathers upon the children, by making the parent's neglect to have his children baptized, the cause of their damnation. (Cheers.) No little thing would have induced him to come forward in that public way ; but when such dictum was put forth, he considered it would be sinful in the extreme to submit to it in silence. (Immense applause.) Much as he respected the church of his fathers, of which, perhaps, be was but an unworthy mem- ber, if such was to be the interpretation put upon her ritual, he was no longer a member of it' (Continued cheers.) The resolution was seconded by Major COTTON, and being put to the meeting, was carried, (with two dissentients, as before.) JAMES BARNARD, Esq., J. P., moved the third resolution. III. ...That, in the opinion of this Meeting, the resolution of the Conference which takes upon Itself to dispense with the obligation upon the Clergy to perform religious services to persons who are not members of the Church of England, is irreconcilable with Christian charity. The resolution he had the honor to propose was second to none in practical importance, as it went to condemn that part of the Minutes of Conference which sought to release the clergy from the obligation to administer the rites of the Church to those who were not in communion with her. He should be better able to place the cotton before them by reading the Minutes themselves on the subject. The 9th section on Marriages, letter B., was as follows :- "We are of opinion that Ministers of the Church of England ought not to solemnize mar riage between persons neither of whom is of our own communion, except in cases whero the mar- riage cannot, without extreme difficulty, be solemnized in any other way." The 11th section on ministering to dissenters, read thus :- " We are of opinion that the general principle of Colonial Legislation, by which the equality of all religious denominations is recognized, releases the Clergy of the Church of England in these colonies from the obligation to perform religious services for persons who are not members of our own Church." And there was another most significant passage which, in his (Mr. Barnard's) opinion, deserved the most serious attention of members of the Church of England. " We acknowledge as members of the Church of England all porsons who, having been duly baptised with water, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, are conformable to the Doctrine, Government, Rites and Ceremonies, contained in the Book of Common Prayer; it being understood that they are entitled to claim at the hands of its Ministers the rites and cere- monies of our Church, so long only as they shall continue comformable to the extent above re- quired.'' He confessed he was altogether at a loss to com- prehend the grounds upon which the Bishops had come to adopt such uncharitable and unchristian sentiments as were breathed in these minutes; he could discover in them nothing of the princi- ples of Christianity ; and such peculiar views on the part of their lordships was a proof of the soundness of the principle of the admission of the laity to a participation in all décisions concerning the faith and practice of the church. (Hear.) He was quite sure the laity would never have sanctioned such an evident violation of christian charity. (Cheers.) The clergy at Adelaide had done themselves honor by their announcement of christian feeling, differing entirely from the spirit of the Sydney Minutes. The declaration of their views did equal honor to their judgment and their piety. He would read an extract. " That whereas, up to a recent period, no mar- riages of Dissenters in England were legal, unless celebrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Established Church; and whereas at the present time the majority of Dissenting marriages are so celebrated in the Mother-country -we are of opinion that no Aus- tralasian Clergyman ought to refuse to marry any parties who may apply to him, though they be not members of our communion." " That, while we are relieved from any legal " obligation" to perform religious services for persons who are not members of our Church, yet, to guard against any misconception, we desire to express our readiness to afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, to any one who may need or desire them." These were proper christian sentiments, and he (Mr. Barnard), was bold to assert that the whole body of the clergy in this diocese, with, perhaps, here and there an exception, entertained similar views (applause). He would beg them to exa- mine the subject, not only with reference to the dissenters, but also with regard to the members of the church themselves. In their relation to dissenters, he had always considered the church catholic in its creed ; the maintenance of the church rested not with the ministers, but the people, who gloried in the parochial system-in the " poor man's" church (hear, hear). It had always been considered the right of every one, however low in the scale of society, or poor, or degraded, to claim the services of the minister, who, if truly aware of his position, would delight to become the guide, and friend, and pastor of all within his sphere. Such had been the theory of our church, and the boast of its members : its nationality, and adaptation to all ; and were they now to lose this distinction, and forfeit their na- tionality, to become a mere sect ? If, he would say, it was to be so ; if ever the Church of Eng- land became a sect on such principles as these, it would be a sect of the puniest and most paltry character (immense applause). Were the clergy to bo exempted from instructing, consoling, and counselling such as needed their pastoral care, because the rites of the Church had not been ob- served ? Were the Ignorant and the depraved to be repulsed when they shewed a willingness to come within the influence of the truth? Their blessed Lord had said in reference to the weakest, the poorest, and the most abject, who gave indi- cations of penitence, " Him that cometh unto me, I will in no wise cast out, ' and was it to be left to the option of the clergyman whether he would receive men within the sphere of his care and ministration, or repulse them and say, " Away with you; you shall not have the rites of religion administered to you ?" (Cheers.) Was it because people entertained differences about the relative questions of presbyters and bishops, as their mi- nisters, that the consolations of religion are to be withheld ? Was it not passing strange that those who attribute so much importance to the rite of baptism as necessary to salvation, who with such pertinacity defended the opus operatum theory, and claimed for their ministers the only legitimate authority in the church, should be the first to cast impediments in the way by such narrow-minded, intolerant, and bigoted restrictions? (Cheers.) And now, with respect to church members them- selves, be would again read the Minute ; " We acknowledge as Members of the Church of England all persons who, having been duly baptised with water, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, are conformable to the Doctrine, Government, Rites and Ceremonies, contained in the Book of Common Prayer ; it being understood that they are entitled to claim at tho hands of its Ministers the rites and cere- monies of our Church, so long only as they shall continue conformable to the extent above re- quired." So long only ! Mark that! Why, really if they had it not in black and white, they could not have credited that Bishops of the Catholic, tolerant, Church of England would have used such lan- guage. (Hear, hear.) But they had it in print. (Disapprobation ) And was it indeed intended that religious ministrations should be restricted after that fashion? Was the clergyman when called to the sick bed of an individual in his , parish, to pause in his work of mercy to satisfy himself that the " formularies" of the church had been rigidly observed? The Conference says only such shall be entitled to claim the services of the church : then it followed, that the sick man must furnish proofs of his churchmanship, before he became entitled to the assistance and spiritual teaching of the clergyman ! Why, the Bishops were actually requiring an impossibility: no single clergyman, he (Mr. Barnard) undertook to affirm, could comply with it, much less a poor dying layman. He ventured to say, there was not a single layman who would not be unchurched by that very resolution; and there was scarcely a single clergyman who could support his claim. Let them.take the opening page of the prayer-book as a sample. It was ordered that the prayers were to be said morning and evening, daily, throughout the year; now, he would ask, did any clergyman do that ? His friend, Dr. Fry, he be- lieved performed half that; (a laugh) and how many clergymen were there who did not do even that half ! He very much questioned whether their lordships, the Bishops themselves, would not be deprived of church-membership on their own ground. (Cheers.) If the Conference had wished to frame an excuse for vindictiveness, insolence, and intolerance ; to promote religious animosities and discord, and to bring universal odium upon the Clergy of the Church of England, in his (Mr. Barnard's) opinion, they could not have taken more effectual means than by passing these reso- lutions. (The speaker resumed his seat amidst enthusiastic cheers.) WILLIAM CARTER, Esq., who was annoyod at the cheers, rose from the body, of the hall to object to the dissenters expressing any opinion upon the sentiments of tho speakers. Ho (Mr. Carter) looked upon that as a meoting of the laity of tho Church of England ; and although they might be happy to see the mombers of other denominations present, ho thought every attention could be paid to the proceedings without so much noise. (A voise at the upper end of the hall " He's a Puseyito.'') And ho was still moro sur- prised at members of the Church of England showing feelings which in his (Mr. Carter's) opinion were not at all docorous. (Interruption, and cries of order, chair.) Tho meoting was opened with prayer, and tbero ought not to be so much confusion ; the chairman should adopt oer taln restrictions to make those gentlemen remain quiet. (Renewed interruption.) Mr. HALL (of tho Advertiser) said ho cor- dially agreed with the last speaker : he did not think tho laity were qualified to go into the ques- tion of Holy Baptism. Ho gave Mr. Barnard every credit for his remarks ; but with deference to him, he thought the laity should only interforo with tho temporalities of the church. Ho was sorry to find the prayer-book made a clap-trap and a laughing stock of. (Cries of no, no, order, chair.) W. G. ELLISTON, Esq., conourred in the remarks of Mr. Carter. Mr. CHARLES HALL (of the Advertiser) said that this meeting was not the propor place to discuss these questions ; there wero not ono hun- dred members of the Church of England present, but plenty of Wesleyans, Independents, Baptists, and Presbyterians ; they had no right there (interruption and hisses) ; no, they had not. When the Independents held meetings to discuss thoir own doctrines, did the churchmen go there and interforo with their opinions? (Order.) No, thoy did not 1 Ho contended Dr. E. S. P. BEDFORD rose to order. In his opinion thero were quite sufficient members of the Church of England to discuss tho business in hand. With permission of the chairman, he would ask the members of the Church of England to put up thoir hands. (A forest of hands here displayed themselves, succeeded by prolonged cheers,) Mr. CHARLES HALL proposed that those who did not bolong to the church should show hands j when Tho Chairman rose, and observed that ho was not awaro that members of other denominations had expressed their feelings indecorously ; and was suro the slightest hint would suflico to pre- vent their doing so. With regard to excluding thoso who wero not churchmen, it was morally impossible : that was a public mooting, and it would have been out of the question to ask every gentlemen on entering the hall, ifhcbolonged to tho Charon of England. (Hoar, hear.) Ho trusted thoy should havo no further interruption, hut that every one would havo tho good sonso to' moderato his feelings. (Applause). NIGEL GRESLEY, Esq., seconded tho reso- lution, which was put and carried, nem. con. R. W. NUTT, Esq., proposod the fourth reso- lution. rv.-That this Meeting deprecates as injurious to the monta Independence and pastoral fidelity of the Clergy, nnd as contrary to tho principios of tho Protestant Church, the chango which 1ms been nuda in tho form of licenses under which the Clergy in this Diocese hold their appoint- ments, by tho introduction of clauses, by ono of which the Bishop " reserves to himself tho power to appoint and send any Minister whom he may direct to read, take part in Divine service, and preach iu any Church or at any station to which the holder of tho license may from time to timo bo appointed and removed," and by tho other of which tho Bishop reserves to himself tho power of " re- voking tho license and all tilings therein contained, whenever ho shall seo Just cause for tho same." In moving this resolution, Mr. Nutt stated that if it had touched upon matters of faith, doctrino, or discipline, ho should have declined to proposo it, from a consciousness of his inability to discuss such subjects effectively, and indeed plain as tho truth of the proposition affirmed by the resolution was, bo should still havo deolined to take part in the proceedings of the evening, but from a strong sense of the duty incumbent upon every layman of the Church of England io lend his aid, however feeble, in maintaining the independence of her ministers. He then read the old form of license used in the colony, and under which somo of tho older clergy still held office, remarking that it was in the form issued to stipendiary curates in England, and that it loft tho clergyman at liberty to follow tho dictates of his own conscience, with- out tho fear of suspension, and tho consequent loss of character, and the means of existence, at tho mero will of his Bishop. Mr. Nutt then referred to tho present form of license, corresponding to a certain extent with tho old form of license, but containing two additional clausos, one giving the Bbhop power to specially appoint and authorize another minister to perform divino service and preach at the cburoh of tho licensed incumbent whenever tho Bishop should so order and ap- point ; and tho other containing the following re- servation :-" Hereby reserving to us and our successors Bishops of Tasmania the power and authority of revoking these presents and all things herein contained whenever wo shall see just causo for tho same." Mr. Nutt said, thercsolution descri- bed those clauses as injurious to tho mental inde- pendence and pastoral fidelity of tho olergy, and as contrary to tho principles of tho Protestant Church, and that the truth ofthat description was so self-evident that if it wero not usual for tho mover of a resolution to support it by a declara- tion of his own opinions upon the subjoot to which it referred, ho would bo content merely to road 1 the two forms of licenses in juxta-position, and then tho resolution, relying for the support of the latter on that natural sensu of right and justice inherent in Englishmen. The first objectionable clauso being tho power to send another minister into the incumbent's church, Mr. Nutt observud that tho differences of opinion between Tractarlan aud Evangelical ministers being of the most im- portant, essential, and fundamental oharapter, tho i minister holding one of such opinions, must regard tho other as unsound, and that he must therefore cither stifle his conscience and submit to tho pro- pagation of untruth from his pulpit, or oppose it, and so incur tho risk of losing his liccnso for that »Inch tho Bishop would, doubtless, consider an unlawful resistance to his authority. In refer- ence to tho second objectionable clauso, Mr. Nutt stated that ht> desired most distinctly to bo under- stood as not imputing unworthy motives to the Bishop ; but that ho would merely contend that al. thougla tho end which tho Bishop desired to obtain by this form of license might, in the Bishop's judg- ment, be good, the means proposed for the attain- ment of that end were arbitrary and injudicious. Ho would recommend the Bishop rather to enquire into the character of candidates for ordination, their previous habits and pursuits, the nature of their education, and their intellectual and phy- sical qualifications for their arduous offico ; and especially after ordination to repress any ten- dency on their part to regard mere forms and observances as of equal or greater importance than the daily ministrations of the parish priest, and that there would then bo no want of faithful and efficient ministers. He referred, also, to the fact that no other body of Protestant ministers were so restrained; and that in the Scotch church in this colony, an equally established church with the English, her ministers were go- verned by the moral force of the Presbytery alone He then read the following extraotB from a speech by Mr. Gladstone, in the House of Commons, in the month of May last, on the subjeot of the co- lonial clergy : " He sought not, by any positive enaotment, but rather by suggesting private arrangements and rules among the members of the Church of England themselves to put an end to the causes of controversy and animosity;" and further, "ho was far from recommending that any attempt should be made to transfer to these colonies the principles upon whioh the English Ecclesiastical Courts were founded. Suoh Courts could not be applicable to Colonies. For these reasons he thought that, by the agency of a prívate asso- ciation, able to enforce its own rnles, as far as they wore not inconsistent with the law of the colony, or of tho mother conntry, the placo of Ecclesiastical Courts might, to a certain extent, be supplied ;'* and lastly, .' If the members of the Church of England were not able to do that for themselvos, which the Roman Catholics, the Presbyterians, the Independents, the BaptistB did for themselvos, tho Parliament of England could not help thom.*' The speaker would contend further, that it would bo botter to leave a solitary minister of bad character in tho state to which his own con- duct would reduce him, rather than thus brand the whole body of the clergy, and while no man of independent mind could hereafter accept such a license so those who now held them could not express their honest opinions without being ex- posed to tho risk of suspicion and loss of charac- ter and means of existence. He referred to old grants and licenses to offices and appointments as usually reserving the right to revoke, not merely for offence assigned but for offence proved ; and he coatended that the power reserved by the present form of license would, if exercised, bo a violation of tbo constitutional rule, that a man should bo doemod innocent nntil PROVED to bo guilty. He romarked, that this rule was ex- tended to all classes, including even prisoners charged with'a second offence ; and why should it not bo extended to our clergy ? and that in the military, naval, and civil services, an enquiry was entered into before dismissal. Ho said that muoh had been said elsewhere of the evils of trans- portation-that we were told that a colonist going to a distant land was a marked man, and that oven in neighbouring colonies he was re- garded suspiciously, until known ; and although this was doubtless owing to exaggerated state- ments of our social condition, he asked whether we were prepared to crown and oonfirm them by announcing to the world our oonsent, that onr ministers of religion required such restraints as would not be imposed on them clsowhere ? He regarded further the exercise of the power to revoke the license as a violation of that great constitutional rule, that neither the conduct, the character, the property, or the life of a free man should bo affected without a trial before his equals, and in support of this »iow ho quoted the following passages from Sir William Black stone's work on the constitution: " That it is ono of the principal bulwarks of our liberties, asserted and confirmed by Magna Charta. That knowledge of this right is most absolutely necessary for every gentleman in the kingdom, as well because ho may be frequently called upou to determine the rights of his fellow subjects, as because his own property, his liberty, and his life depended upon it. That it is muoh moro conducive to the clearing up of truth, than the private and secret examination in writing, taken down before an officer or bis clerk, in the Ecclesiastical Courts, where a witness will depose to that in private whioh he will be ashamed to speak pubhely ¡ and whore an artful examiner, not giving a witness an opportunity of correcting or explaining his meaning, if misunderstood, may make bim speak what ho never meant.*' And that speaking of what ho terms new and arbitrary methods of trial, Sir William Blackstone says : " However convenient these may appear at first, as doubtless all arbitrary powers well executod are the most convenient ; yet let it be again re- membered, that these inroads upon the sacred bulwark of the nation are fundamentally opposite to tho spirit of our constitution, and that though begun in trifles, the precedent may gradually increase and spread to the utter disuse of the open mode of trial in questions of the most mo- mentous conoern." And lastly, that Sir Wm. Blackstone described " Every new tribunal creoted for the decision of faots (and what facts, tho speaker said, could be more important than those upon which the charaoter 'and osistonce of a clergyman depended) without tho intervention of a jury," as .' a step towards the establishing the most oppressive of absolute governments " Ho remarked that, in speaking of a trial by a man's equals, Sir William Blackstone did not mean that miserable trial which he understood had been promised to the alergy within tho last forty-eight hours, in tho shape of a trial before two or three clergymen holding the same arbi- trary form of licence and equally dependent upon him as the party accused. He would observe, too, that if Sir William Blackstone, whoso only reproach was that ho was cvon too conservativo in a conservativo age, felt oompelled towritothus in the last century, what would ho say now of that state of things in which a minister of the Church of England might bo deprived_ of income, station, and eli arador, not only without just causo assigned, and proved too, but oven without any causo assigned ; and that the deprivation of a liconse had these effects was clear, Tor employ, ment in the same diocese was out of the question, and in another equally so, the rulo being that a minister from ono diocese should not be licensed in another, unless he furnished tho certifi- cate or bena decessit of his former diocesan. Mr. Nutt quoted from an Aol passed in England in the reign of of her present Majesty, restraining the ordinary powers vested in the Ecclesiastical Courts of the mother country for the trial of clergymen until after, a preliminary investigation before five commissioners, as to whether there ( was any apparent ground of complaint against the minister, and until after tho commissioners had " openly and publicly doolarod whether tuero was sufficientgroundforfurtlierproceedlngs,"and he contended that ministers here were entitled to at least similar privileges. He was unwilling to urge these matters In public, but ho knew that a largo number of tho olergy looked to (ho laity for aid nt tliis juncture, as Indeed tho presence of so many clorgymon at tho present meeting, shewed : and although there might be sorao few in the dio coso who had not the oourage to declare tholr ob- jection to the license, there could scarcely ho ono who must not doslro to be relieved from it ; and that it was moroover a matter of deep interest to the laity, as securing tho independence of tho olergy. Ho noticed that in this colony tho Bishop had tho sole powor hoth of appointing and licensing, while in England, although tho Bishop had tho power to license, the power to appoint was gene- rally in the hands of laymou, colleges, public in- stitutions, the Chancellor, or tbo Crown, and that therefore^ the Bishop hero should not have the power to issue licenses in a more stringent form than those used at home. He was aware that it was not fashionable, and that with some it might not be thought very orthodox to question the pro. priety of any step taken by tho Bishop, but he knew also that there were in the community a number of right-thinking men, who considered it only kind to the Bishop and just to the clergy, to aid the latter in preserving their independence. He concluded by referring to tho frequent reference made from a few pulpits to the changing and shifting times in which we live, and to tho neces. sity of inculcating that " child-like docility and submissiveness" which are said to have character. ized our forefathers ; and he stated that he had lately heard the right of private judgment spoken of in the pulpit with a sneer, and in the same breath with heresy, infidelity, and continental re- volutions, as if it were something new and terri- ble ; but be did not hesitate to say, that the lay members of tbo Church of England regarded the parties who thus spoke as being themselves the in- novators, by tho substitution of rituals and cere- monies for practical duties, and tbat the child- like docility and submissiveness which they sought to inculcate, was but another term for the surren- der of the right of private judgment to their guidance. (Loud cheers.) ALEXANDER ORR, Esq., seconded. He began his address by remarking that his ap- pearance on that occasion was a legitimate one. The Bishops in Sydney did not call upon them to stato what were their views ; but they were moro considerate, for they had invited their Bishop to i be present that evening, but he (Mr. Orr) re- gretted to say his lordship did not accede to their I request. (A laugh ) He remembered that when he lived at Islington, the Rev. Daniel Wilson, as ho was then (now Bishop of Calcutta), did not decline to come forward and discuss matters af fecting the interests of tho church, which all the laity had an undoubted right to do. (Hear, hear.) The decisions of the Bishop had been censured, not only by the laity, but by a majority of the ministers. With respect to their own Bishop, he had not up to that timo much interfered with their rights, still, he must remark, his lordship had had it, in a great measure, all his own way, (A laugh.) He had the Hutchins' School, and the supremacy over the College (hear, hear) ; and it was not very long since, that what waa termed a very merciful interference, had saved that institution (a laugh) ; however, all that has been remedied by the establishment of the High School. (Loud cheers ) The power of his lord* ship was considerable ; still, they did not live ia Turkey 1 (A laugh.) Some of them might have sons, who wore intended to be trained for the ministry ; but could tbey think of doing so, if tho Bishop was to have the power of abrogating the licences whenever ho shall think fit? He may refuse to grant them a license, or somo future Bishop may bo a Puseyite 1 (Laughter.) 'Under the proposed order of thingi, his lordship may take away the present holders of licences, and substituto clergymen holding tho doctrines of the papacy. (Cheers.) It would be very hard for men of piety and talent, men educated for tho ministry, some of them in orders at home, to be subjected to the dictum of one man, many of whom probably know better than himself. (A laugh ) His learned friend, Mr. Nutt, whose excellent address they had heard with so much pleasure, must have forestalled him, by going to his house and looking at his " brief." (A laugh.) Ho would therefore make but one remark in con- clusion : their rights had never before been in- vaded ; if they did not now stand up, and nip tho proposed aggression in the bud, and maintain tho rights secured to them by their forefathers, their children would have to fling back upon them the imputation that they had neglectod to watch for their children's interests in the needlul time. (Applause.) Mr. HALL (of the Advertiser), expressed his dissent from the resolution ; contending that the Bishop was the only proper authority to judge of the fitness of a licensee. Mr. ELLISTON, in roferenoe to some obser- vations in tho speech of the movor of the resolu- tion, remarked that the present clergy were men of sterling mind and character ; and yet they held the form of licence so much objected to. He did not know of any clergymen holding the old licences. The Rev. Dr. BEDFORD-" I havo one." Several other clergymen also stood up and affirmed they had. Mr. ELLISTON-Ibelieve Dr. Bedford holds a royal licence, which is subjeot to bo revoked by the stroke of a pen. Dr. BEDFORD_" No, no." Mr. E. S P. BEDFORD stated that Dr. Bed. ford's licenoe was a bishop's, and not a royal licence (cheers). Mr. ELLISTON continued: He believed it would bo found that the licenoe the Bishop was desirous of adopting was that issued to olorgymen in India. As was known, this was once a part of tho diocese of Calcutta, and that the position of tho clergy hero was merely analagous tothat of curates. His Lordship's objeot was to improve their tenures of olRce, and adopt tho form used by Bishops Heber, Middloton, aud Wilson (inter, ruption). Mr. NUT T explained that the proposed licences were such as wore formerly issued in India to the Company's chaplains, who were travelling about from place to place with the military, &o.; ; but, he asked, was it seemly or decent that gcntleraea enjoying their confidence, educated for the minis- try, and some of them priests in Englard, fathers of families, and of our native youths, should bo subject to tho same uncertain tenure ? (Cries of '* No, no," and cheers.) Tho resolution was thon put and carried. E S. P. BEDFORD, Esq., J.P., rose to movo the fifth resolution V.-That tho Address, respecting tho Minutes of Conference» which was adopted by tim Chapter of the Archdeaconry of Hobarton at tho MeuUng held In March lost. Is a vindi- cation of the rights and independence of the Clergy and Lay Members of tho Church, and that tho moral courage displayed by tho Ministers, under their peculiar position, in tho adoption of that Address, entitles them to tho gratitude, respect, and support of this meotlng, and of tho Church In general. While ho felt diffident ia appearing before them, , ho had no doubt the resolution would bo cordially 'adopted, aftor the manner in which the former 'resolutions bad been received. Ho bad some difficulty in approaching tho subject, being de- sirous, on the ouo hand, that all possible respect should lie paid to their Bishop, while on the other ho felt convinced that proper submission on the p»rtoftho clergy was compatible willi a condi- tion of independence (hear, hear). If tho teachers of religion were to bo fettered Uko slaves, true freedom and fidelity in the discliargo of their office ami in tho communication of Divino truth, woiild be impracticable. He would road the resolution, and call their atlenlion to tin» circumstances which rendered its adoption desirable. It had gone forth that tho address which had reached the Bishop from the Arctiidineonal Chapter, emanated from a meeting of rebellious clergy; but though in hil (Mr. Hertford's) opinion, the clergy had been tame too long (hear, hear), tho adilress in quostion was agreed to, not by an unlawful body, biit nt a meeting actually called together by tho Archdeai'on (cheers) for tho avowed purpose of considering the Sydney Minutes. At that meet- ing the Archdeacon submitted an address, ready prepared, for the sanction of the clergy, nnd np. proving the proceedings of tho Conference For- tunately for the interests of Hie church the address proved too strong (bear, hear), mid tho rosult proved that they had n body of clergy who would t link for themselves (cheers). And it was a time when it was tho'r duty to think, and not tamely to sit down and agree to any thing that was put into their hands. Twenty of the clergy lind lind the courngo to sign an »duress censuring the Minutes; anti in that resolution the meeting . was called upon to approve of their having dono so. It was nn important step; the planting rf the church in these colonies devolved upon the laity ns well ns clergy ; they wore therefore enti tied to express an opinion. It had been objected that, ns lay members, they had no right to meddle with such matters; that tho clergy only wcro competent to do so ; and precedent was quoted; it was said not to bo customary at home. Not customary? Why all the laws affecting tho .cliuroh were actually made by the laily ; by whom were the laws framed and passed ? By the Lords and Commons ; the peers (of whom the spiritual lords formed hut a small proportion), and the members of tho lower house, from «hose body nil persons in holy orders wcro expressly excluded (cheers). They made the laws-a body of lay- men-but in these colonies (hero was no such body to aid them. It moi e especially thcreforo behoved the lay mc mhers to look after the interests of their church, where they were but on a par with other churches, lest that church became tho church of Australia, instead of the Church of England. (Ohiers.) Hu (Mr. Bedford) trusted that lay meeting had met, not with a *iew to injure, but to " build up" tin ir church. (Hear, hear ) Olio portion of his resolution spoke of tho .. moral courage" of tho clergy; and he (Mr. Bedford) really thought those ministers who had signed the address deserved tho grateful acknowledgments of the laity. (Loud cheers.) Tboy had heard of licenses having been revoked without reason, and might again ; (hear, hear ) Thero was a Bishop of Peterborough, who had made it his boast that he had nover withdrawn but two licen- ses without sufficient ciuso ; and an eminent writer (Mr. Sidney Smith) in commenting upon the avowal, said, it reminded him of nu Emperor of Hnyli, who ordered the heads of two of his guests to be cut off, became their conversation nt a banquet was not pleasing to his Majesty ; (a laugh.) and then took credit to himself for the aot. Some colonial diocesan might have a hu mour for an occasional decapitation of n similar kind, and, like the Bishop of Peterborough, make a boast of doing so ; nrjus'ify himself, like the Emperor, on tho ground that the severity made up for its rarity. (Laughter.) It was tho duty ol that meeting to protect the clergy from the exer- cise of arbitrary power, and support thora in the courageous net for w hieb the resolution claimed their thanks. That these twenty ministers had something to fear, was evidenced not many hours since, «hen one of thoir number, n deacon, for having presumed to sign the address, was publicly censured by tho Bishop in his charge, and reminded that ho was but a deacon, "under suspension from priest's orders for three years, two ff which wore unexpired" (sensation). 1 hat deacon-to his honor be ii spoken-though dependent upon the U¡9hop, and suffering tho " disfjraco'' referred to, had had the boidness, the honesty, to jut his name to Hi» address disapproving his diocesan's proceedings (cheers). That gentleman deserved their respect nnd support, and probably ho needed it, when ¡t was considered that ho was publicly i eprimanded for daring to express an opinion, as one of the clergy summoned to the meeting of the Archidi«. canal Clergy (loud npplause). Ile and Ms brethren depended on the goodness of their cause, and that if consequences ensued, the Lord, whose servants they were, would not permit " the cause- less curse to come" upon them (hear, hoar). The speaker thin"introduced a quotation from Lord Bacon-a greater authority than any of their l'>rdshipsot tim tydney Conference-shewing (hut learned philanl hi opist's opinion on the government of bishops. Lord Bacon says : " But thero ho two circumstances in the admin- istration of Bishops, wherein, I confess, I could never bo satisfied ; tho one, the sole exercise of their authority ; the other, the deputation of their authority. " For the first, the Bishop giveth orders alone, excnmmutiicatcth alone, judgeth alone. This seemelh to be a thing almost without example in good government, nnd therefore not unlikely to havo crept in tho degenerate and corrupt times. We seo the gientest kings and mnnnrchs have their councils There is no temporal court in England of the higher sort where the authority 'doth rest in one person.'* . . . . . "No man will deny but the acts that pnss the Bishop's jurisdiction »re of as great importance as those that pass the civil courts ; for men's souls are moro precious than their bodies or goods ; and so aro their good names. Bishops have their infir- mities, and have no exception from that general malediction which is pronounred against all mon living, Vo soli, nnm si occident, etc. Nay, we seo that th.e first warrant in spiritu.il causes is direct- ed to a nurarcr, Die Ecclesicei which is not so in tompo'al matters : and we see that in general causes of Church government, there aro as well assemblies of all the clergy in councils, ns of all the states in parliament. Whence should this solo exercibC of jurisdiction como? Surely, I do suppose, and, I think, upon good ground, that o4 initia nonjuit ita ; and that (ho deans and chap- ters wore councils about tho seo and chairs of bishops at the first, and were unto them a presby- tery of consistory ; and intermeddled not only in tho disposing of ibeir revenues and endowments, but much moru in jurisdiction ecclesiastical. But it is probable, that the deans and chapters stuck «.loso to the bishops in matters of profit and the ?world, and would not lose their hold ; bot in mat- ters of jurisdiction, which they accounted but trouble and attendance, they suffered tho bishops to encroach and usurp; andsotheonecontinueth, and tlip other is lost." In conclusion, he (Mr. Bedford), reminded the laity it was for them to set at rest the minds of the clergy, for whom it was an anxious time. To-morrow they lind to return to their respectivo scenes of labour, and it was of great consequence that thi y shioild have some expression of approval of their conduct. It was nlso desirable that the expressed opinions of clergy and laity should bo forwarded to England as an antidote to tbo effects of the Sydney Minutes, and with thurn a suitable oomm>nd.tiiun ol'the moral courage of these mi- nisters. By adopting the resolution, theto g«n tieroen would bo enabled to leave town with lightened hearts and unburdened consciences, mid a prospect tlint as a result of the present move- ment they would soon have a. branch of the Church of England under a parochial system, of the same character as that in which "thoy had been brought up (applause). . W. KERMODE, Esq, said ho seconded the ' motion with all his heart and soul. T'he resolution was then put, and carried amid considerable applause. T. DOBSON, Esq., M.A., moved tho sixth resolutions VI.-That tbo alanninfr prevalence of teaching nnd procccd liur» of a KoHMntsing tendency, unit the numerous defections of Ministers of tlio Church of England, have rendered necesaiiy the formation of the " Church Of England Association ior niuimoiiilna 'n Vim Diemen'« Land the principles of thol'iotcrtunt liefonuatlon," mid that this JlceUng and the Mi moe: » oi the Church gene- rally, aro called upon io afiord their ¡"enlous support to '.tbo AssoclaUon, especially in the. mist important objects \- of maintainlUK the proper indcpci denco of the elerey, \- and vi ubtnlnln« for the Laity un equal participation , J, tho ndnuiilttrntlon of the amoru of the Chnrth. (.-/t'be,sneaker sail),'- The observations which I have to moko on this resolution I shall, ns much as possiblo, subject ,tp condensation, in order to savo tho time'of the meeting, although thoy mny probably beenmo a littlo stronger by tho process. In opposing teaching and proceedings of a Roman- ising tendency, I nm not going to fall foul of tho Pope and tho avowed and conscientious professors of the Roman Catholic persuasion. This is a trick of the Puspyltos, who hnvo incited tho pooplo at Homo to do so in order to divert attention from their own pernicious practices anti doctrines. I think the Pope Iia3 really dono a good work by suppljing a strong antidoto to tho poison admin- istered to the church hy tho Oxford Quacks. (Tromcndouä Cheering.) Neither do wo quarrel with Pusoyites merely beoause they hold opinions different lrom ours. Wu accord freely to thom tho exercise of the same right of private judgment as we cluim for ourselves. But their offence consists in this - that while they arc in heart Roman Catholics, they profess to be members of the Church of England, retain her LIVINGS, and, by their Insidious teaching, try gradually to un tlcrtniito and supplant her good Protestant prin- ciples. (Tromendous cheers.) An open oppo- nent wo may respect, but to a skulking enemy, who sails under false colours, and shews fols«1 lights, we cry "no quarter." (Cheersand laugh 1er.) I hope tho next nows from homo will con-, vince us that Lord John Russell's letter was not a iroro Hash in the pan, but that it had been fol- lowed by some gr od heavy bhot. I feel. Sir, that I J.ave a difficult duty to perform, and therefore I bespeak the forbearance of the meeting. I huvo to show that good grounds existed for the furma- | tionoftlio association mentioned in Iho resolu- tion, and it is not easy to do this without giving personal oiTenco. Wo have to deal with prin- ciples, and not with mon; hut it is difficult to sepa- rate them. I: ¡3 true I might convey my meaning by vaguo and indistinct allusions, but I have re- solved to stand tho consequences of plain speak- ing. My daily avocations convitico mo that the most direct way from ono point to another is a straight line. (Cheers.) I understand that tho Bishop, in his charge yesterday, assailed our association with a storm of virtuous indignation. This is unaccountable. Are Protestant principles unpalatable to a Bishop of the Church of England i Are they ata discount hero, or unworthy of being maintained ? (Cheers ) Every man 1 meet and converse with seems to beliovo that Puseyism. cither latent or open, exists amongst us. But yet the Bishop denies that any proceedings and teaching of a Romanising tendency aro to ho found among his clergy, and by letter calls upon tho association for proof. Now this denial amounts to nothing, unless the Bishop and we arc agreed upon what constitutes such proceed- ings and teaching. Does ho deny tho cxistenco of Puseyitaprinciples and practios amongst us? Does he repudiato Apostolical Succession, that key-stone of the arch of Trnctarlanistn ? Does he acknowledge the right of private judgment in tho clergy and laity? Does he leave Baptismal Regeneration an open question ? Does IIB throw overboard tho Fathers and Tradition and take tho Holy Scripture as the sole Rulo of Faith and Practice, in accordance with tho Oth Article? . Lastly, does ho denounce Theophilus Anglieanus? No 1 Then this denial is a gratuitous insult to our understanding ar,d judgment. (Loud and long continued cheers.) Now, what is the cause of the unseemly squabblings and contradictory teaching in our churches ? Why aro the sheep of the fold scattered? Is ii not the CHIEF PASTOR himself who has brought the plague among the flock 1 (Cheers.) I will now, with your per- mission, read an extract or two from the Bishop's chargo delivered to the clergy, in Hobart Town, at the primary visitation, in April, 1846. Ah! I was at Cambridge then ; I well know what the Puseyites wera doing at home. The Bishop says, " it has often happened, that the colonial clergy have been slenderly experienced in tho ways and uiagos and discipline of our mother church. Wherever and whenever this has been the case, is it tho part of a colonial Bishop to complain, if haply he should find, upon his arrival, that all things aro not quito as ho would wish to have them ? Is it his to find hasty fault, if few amongst the clergy havo kept even pace with the extra ordintry energy that has latterly marked the efforts of tho church at home? If few havo gono hand In hand with that revived attention to tho too long dripped usages of a strictly Catholic character, which has recently distinguished it? ' Mero I would remind you of tho mummeries recently practised nt St. Barnabas, Pimlico. Again, speaking of his anxiety that the real dis. çipline of the church should be gradually carriod into practice hore, the Bishop says : " t have used tho word ' gradually' from tho conviction that much mischief may be dono hero, as has been the case in England, and that tho cause of ecclesiastical rejorm may bo not merely retarded, but absolutely brought into disrepute, by indiscreet or over-hasty zeal. I am persuaded that thus many angry feelings may bo excited, which a gentle course would never have brought into play ; nay. that the jealousy, not of weak consciences only, but even of strong minds, may be aroused by endeavours on the part of the clergy to make that reform the ill-arranged work of weeks, which should bo the growth of circum- stances, the result oí patient, watchful, systematic teaching ; in one word, the work of years." (Dis- approbation). Now, calling to mind the great "hotivity of tho Tractarians in England at that time, what could the assembled clergy think of these directions? And when wo consider how much their licences place thom in tho power of tho Bishop, is it not wonderful that they are not all Puseyites ? Very soon after this, Puseylto books began to bo cir cnlatod in the colony. This, which I hold in my hand, is inscribed to a Mend ot mino, " with the Bishop of Tasmania's Aindest regards,'' in July, 1ÍJ46, about two months after the delivery of the charge (loud cheers). Its title is *' Theophilus Anglieanus, or Instruction for the Young Student concerning tho Church, and tho Anglican branch of it ; by C. Words worth, D D , and late Head Master of Harrow School: 3rd edition, 1845." Tho three branches of the true elim eli wo shall see by this, aro the Anglican Church, and the Oreek and Ilomish Churches. This book is so full of rank Popery, that it ought to be publicly burnt by the common hangman. Harrow School fell off so rapidly under Wordsworth, the author of it, that ho was speedily replaced by a better man. Theophilus Anglieanus is ono of tho chief text books of the Puseyites, and has been very effi- cient in making converts to Romo. Observe that tho Puseyites abhor that name; they call themselves Anglicans. Tho principles' of the 6rct were first' set forth in ninety Oxford Tracts, making five volumes, hence thenamo Tractarian. These Tracts were suppressed by authority on ihe -publication of tho 00th. These men aro remark- able for shuffling and explaining away any incon- venient charge. One ot tho great principles ad- vocated in the Traots is " Iteserve in the com munioation of religious truths *' This renders direct proof dilllcult- they elude you-you don't know where to havo them. (Cheers.) I 6hall now read a few extracts from Theophilus Angli- eanus. Bear in mind that what is hero called " the church," ii composed of three branches the Anglican.thoRotnUh, and the Greek churches. " Question -How is tbo church thus Catholic or universal ?" " Answer.-In rospect of lime, ns enduring throughout all ages, from the beginning till the end of (ho world, In respect of p/nre, as not limited, Uko the Jewish Church, to one people, hut ns comprehending those of all nations who are ia the main points of religion one and the same. In respect of Truth and Practice, as teaching all truth ; as requiring obedience alike for all ; und as administering by God's appointments, all his means I of spiritual yruce." " Q.-Are the members of any pnrlieular church (for examplo, of the Church of Rome) rightly called Catholics ; and is the Church of Rome rightly called the Catholic Church ?'' " A._Being members of the Church of Christ, the members of the Church of Rome are Catho. lies as tho members of tho Greek Church or of tho English Church aro Cal holies, and no more ; and not as opposed to eithir. The Church of Romo is a port of tho Catholio Church, as the Church of Uroeco and the Church of England is ; but neitler the Church of Rome, nor the Church of England, nor- the Greek Church, nor any olher particular church, is the Catholio or .Universal Church, any more than'a branch is a tree, or a bund is tho whole body." . Now what is to beoomo of all Christians who do not bolong to ono of these throo Episcopal Churches ? Where are they to go to ? It's of no uso mincing tho matter. (Loud cheers.) Again-On salvation only in the church. " Q_If wo desire to bo savod, is it necessary that no should bo members of the church ?'' " A_It is." " Q -Hut may thero not bo more than one church in which salvation is offered?" " A-No." That clinches it 1 (Tromendous cheers.) Talk of Christian charity after this I Now for the right of privato judgment. " Q_But authorized expositors may orr ; am I then to follow thom in their error ?'" " A -No." " Q -Ara I then to maka my own mind the judge whether they aro in error ; and if not, to what tests of doctrine am I to appeal?" " A.-It is no1 our own privato judgment, but first Holy Scripture, as received, guarded, and ¡ntorproted by the Catholic Church from tho beginning, ' according to tho proportion of faith,' and next the consent of tho church herself, speak- ing in her Publio Expositions, Creeds, Councils, Liturgies, Confessions, and Writings of her oarly Fathers, Bishops, and Doctors, is the liule^of Faith to which tho teaching of individuals is to I o referred." No-I say, Holy Soripturo is tho sole rule of faith, for I stand by the Cth article " Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to sal- vation ; so that whatsoever is not read therein, n' r n-ay bo proved thereby, is not to bo required of any man that it should bu belioved as an Arti- cle of the Faith, or necessary to salvation.'' Away then with the fathers and tradition too i until their authors can bo shown to be infallible I (Cheers.) Ho then claims for the priests of tho Church of England (or I should say for her rat nislers, for I am no bollever of Apostolical suc- cession) the power of tho keys, of binding and loosing-, of admitting, into and excluding from, tho kingdom of heaven. Again_" The Church of England, as a church, is as old as Christianity. Sho became Protestant at tho Reformation, in order that sho nught bo more truly and purely Catholic; and if Rome will becomo truly Ca- tholic, then tho Church of England will ceaso to bo Protestant. The Church of England did not separate herself from the Church of Rome.'' " Q_Was tho Protcstaut Church visible be foro tho Reformation?" " A_Yes_The Church of England has been always visible; not indeed as Prolestant, butas a branch of the Catholio Church." (Disappro- bation.) Now this is tho book which TIIE BISHOP dis- tributed hore as presents to his friends. Couple those facts and doctrines with the directions given in tho charge to tho clergy, and we may easily and truly infer what were tho Bishops views and wishes then. Moreover, in a letter to tho Asso- ciation, the Bishop asserts that " his opinions and teaching have uudorgono no change since that period. ' This book stands at the head of tho list of works given by tho Archdeacon to candidates for orders, to bo prepared by them for examina tion. It is a text booh pul into the hands of youth at the College. How, then, can the Bishop say that no proceedings or teaching of a Romanising tendency exist ? I can't believe the denial i it is an insult to my common sense, of which 1 don't profess to have a smaller sharo than others, for you may observe that every ono is well satisfied with the equal distribution of this article (tre- mendous cheers). I shall now, sir, say a few words respecting the independence of our clergy. A residence of four years in the largest Diviuity Coilcgo of tho University of Cambridge, bad led mo to believe that there was much truth in the assertion of the good Dean Collett, that "tho gato of ordination was too wide ;" but at the anti- podes I find thisis reversed. The gate of admission into tbo ministry of our church is much too narrow for any but Pseudo Protestants to enter thereat. For what aro the obstacles that stand in the way of an honest Protestant candidate for orders ? Ho must prepare Thcophilus Anglicanus, and I havo reason to believe that no homeopathic doses of this drug will satisfy Archdeacon Marriott, lie must give up his privato judgment, bolievo by proxy, although ho knows that perdition is to bo endured in person. Ho roust givu a satisfactory answer to the question, " Do you hold the Qoiham heresy ?" And when he has squeezed through Donn Collet's gato in spite of theso obstacles, he still has to sub mit lo take n licence, Hablo to bo revoked when- ever tho Bishop is offended by bim. This arbi- trary licence accounts for the fact, that at a re- cent meeting of tho Chapter summoned by the Archdeacon, some clergymen were found prepared to assuro their Bishop thnt they regarded the Mi- nutes of the Sydney Synod as " God's holy admo- nitions." (Tho Rev. Mr. Davenport hero said, " I deny it.") Well 1 my impression is, that these words wcro in tho address submitted to the clergy by the Archdeacon, but if not, the assertion merely goes for what it is worth. (The Rev. W. Bedford informed tho speaker that tho phrase was " Godly admonitions.") Oh 1 what is tho differ- ence between God's holy admonitions, and Godly admonitions ? I repeat, shuffling is tho mark of a Pusoyitol (Immense eheering.) Now, Sir, when wo see such cringing sycophancy as this, how can we possibly respect clergymen placed in so de- graded a position, (ch.ers.) I bavo never re- garded with much favour what is called the vo- luntary system of supporting ministers of religion. It smacks too much of pure democracy for my taste ; but it is infinitely preferable to the un- checked despotism under which our clergy perform their ministerial functions. Our association was told in yesterday's charge, '"not to bear false wit- ness against our neighbour." As a set-off against this admonition, I would remind tho pretended successor of the Apostles not to infringo tho in- junction given by Peter, in the 1st Epistlo Gene- ral to the Elders of tho Church, " not to lord it over Gou's heritage" With theso remarks, Sir, I beg to move the resolution which I have read. (Long continued and renewed cheering followod this speech ) MR. B. HARVEY seconded tho resolution, which was carried unanimously. JOSEPH HONE, Esq., moved the seventh resolution: VU.-That, in the opinion of this Meeting, the concurrence of the Bishop in the three following propositions is neces- sary to the peace and well-being of tho Church, \tz.~ 1st.-That, in Hie proposed Assembly for administration of the allai» of the Church, a number of Lay Members of tile Church, being themselves communicants, and chosen by the congregations of which they aro members, shall form nn Integral part of the Assembly ; that such Lay Members shall not exceed in number that of tho Clergy, but filial! with them exercise the right of proposing mea- sures for adoption, and of deliberating and voting upon all subjects submitted to the consideration of tho Assem- bly. 2nd.-That tho law of the Church of England, as laid down by the Privy Council on tho subject of Baptism shall bo observed In this Colony; and that what aro generally termed the evangelical ?» lews on that subject, shall not bo regarded as a cause of objection against any Minister or Candidate for Holy Orders. 3rd.~Thut the clauses lulely Introduced into the licenses under which the Colonial Clergy hold their appointments be erased, and the old form of license be restored. Tho learned gentleman, in a forcible address, proved the necessity of some arrangement being como to, to promote peace, which was »anted in the church, and had been long wanted ; but if peaco was only to bo got by tho sacrifice of truth, ho would have nono of it ; and he expressed tho hopo that as thero was much to blame in the proceedings of tbo Bishops and certain of the clergy, the members of tho church wou'd not bo driven from their purpose. (Hear, hear.) Ho also gave his opinion that nothing but living, active piety, waa befitting their ministers, and that where the principle of vitality was wanting, mere dry, historical teaching would bo of littlo avail. (Cheers.) In the second part of the resolution ho heartily con- curred, and fully agreed with his friend Mr. Nutt, in his arguments in favor of the old form of license being restored. (Applause.) JOHN D. LOCU, Esq., seconded, and the resolution was carried without opposition, Tho Chair was thon vacated, and Mr. Bono was requested to occupy It, when MR. NUTT proposed the eighth resolution. VIII.-That tho thnnks of this Meeting bo presented to T. J. Knight, Esq., for his zeal and attention to the important objects of tlüs Meeting, and for presiding on the present occisión ; and Uiat he he requested to transmit copies of the ResolnUons now adopted, to Ills Grace the Archblnhop of Canterbury, and to tho ltlght Honorable tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, with n roqucst that their Lord- ships' influenco may bo alTcrded to carrying oat tho objects of this Meeting. In support of which Mr, Nutt congratulated the I mooting in having had nn able member of the University of Cambridge (which University had so staunchly opposed Puseyito Oxford), uko Mr. Knight, to presido over their proceedings; though a firm friend of tho church, tho learned gentleman was of retiring habits, and would only, from tho ui gency of tho occasion, having taken so prominent n position that night. (Cheers.) E. S. P. BEDFORD, Esq., seconded the vote, which was passed and ratified by tho whole audience standing up. MR. KNIGHT rose amidstonthusiastlo cheers to acknowledgo their kindness, and expressed his unfeigned gratifica! ion at the event of the meeting, and the modo In which their proceedings had been conducted. Every doubt had been removed con- cerning tho object of the Conference ; it was held with referenco to imperial legislation. The work of legislation had begun ; and it was more than probable that had not tho clergy and laity spoken out, the decisions of tho Bishops would havo bo como law. Tho minutes would have been most opportune. Ministers would bo looking for in- formation all around to guide their opinions, and without doubt, these proceedings of tho Austra- lian Bishops would havo been quoted as em- bodying the wishes of the members of tho church in those colonies ; and in tho absenco of any opinion to tho contrary, and as " sllcnco gives consent," it would havo been regarded as the voice of tho church in tho Australian colonies. (Cheers.) What Mr. Nutt had said about him was perfectly correct ; ho would rather havo been at home, than havo taken that publia part, had he not deemed it an imperativo duty to come for- ward, not for tho sake of display, or of party feeling, but to perform his share in what has be- come the duty of every sincero well-wisher of the church to which they were attached. (Long continued applause.) The proceedings wero then conoluded, as they commenced, with prayers by tho Rev. Dr. Bod ford. 