CORRESPONDENCE. THE POPERY OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. To the Editor of the Daily Times. Sib,—In resuming my work upon this subject, allow me to say a few words respecting the " Com* mittee appointed to protect the interests of the Epis copal Church in South Australia." Their object evidently is, to free themselves from the Popery, which at present does exist, or hereafter may exist, in th» bosom of the Church of England in this co lon/T They have acted nobly, and have proved themselves worthy of the trust reposed in them, and arc entitled, not only to the confidence of their Epis copal brethren, but to the thanks of the community at large. I must, however, express my fears as to their ultimate success, unless they are prepared to take another step, and separate the Bible from the 'Mitre and Sceptre. Let them never forget their recorded declaration, " That profession of liberality, unsustained byactS, and even opposed by a formal instrument, containing the sign manual of Augustus Adelaide, are utterly worthless." From the above declaration, it is evident they have no conftdence.in their Bishop. Then why allow- their Ministers, to be appointed by him under any circumstances? and why ask the Government, for any. model deed? when, as independent men, they are capable: of judging -and approving their 'own ministers, and securing their own property,in their own way? Let them at once declare against State Grants, and State control, and act upon their own convictions. Popery will then be checked, their object will then be accomplished, and their names will -be handed down to posterity as men of integrity and moral [ courage. On Tuesday, March 4th of tue present J ear. at an adjourned'meeting of the Fart Adelaide luilding Society, at St. Paul's Church, the Bishop in the chair, Captain Hart said—"Nuw that the. site of the church had been determined on, he: would express his doubts as to the. legality of the Governor's grant from the reserves of public lands. He was of opinion that, although the Governor had the power to grant waste lands for church purposes, be could not make ont a public reserve to be waste lands according to the Act." Churchmen, mark the reply of the State Bishop of South Australia. w The Bishop said possession was nine points in law, and if he had the church, he did not know what could dispossess him." The Bishop's maxim evidently is to get all he can, and to hold fast all he can get, whether legal or other wise. As sole Trustee, he has already secured no small amount of public: lands and rands, and let the Church Grant priuciple be admitted by oar future representatives, and care will he taken to provide the means of supporting swarms of locusts to devour'the<whole. : The Popery of the Church of England will be. by a Congregational aMmjgtayi|g |fngrana soma years ago, and to which the attention _of Episcfpa tiflpa in this colony is now- earnestly invited. **I speak as unto wise men, judge ye "what I say." I«t us, then, remember— 1\. Both Churches were constructed by, falliM*. men, and established by national laws, which laws became the rule of conduct, and the object of ulti I mate appeal* both to the priests and the tpeople. The New Testament is not the rule or law of Epis copalians or Catholics, as suclu ' 2\. Both have visible and human heads, who de cree all rites and ceremonies and exercise absolute , 'authority in controversies of faith ; demanding im plicit obedience to their commands—whether agree able to Jesus Christ or not. : 'A .f 3\. Both are the prolific source of party Ana jTV parliamentary strife,* thereby destroying the peace . and harmony of the nation—scandalizing th®pj|is pel of Christ—and cansing the enemies or rcngioa to triumph. j* ' . 4\. Both are supported by c«cive#oation— Tithes, Rates, Does, and ram&gmp; Grants. Nothing is left to the zeal, chanty,^Or^nety of the people. They can withhold nothing from the most unworthy clergymen. 5\. Both systems impose ministers on their con- , gregarions, and very frequently the most unsuitable and incompetent, depriving the people of their rea sonable and Christian privilege of electing their own pastors. 6\. Both traffic in the souls of men,—Benefices involving the care of souls, are. bought android in the market by auction, equally with chariots, horses, or any any other property, and transferred to the -highest bidden - - , ' 7\. Both have settled forms of Prayer, unalterable v Liturgies, and articles of faith of human compop sition, to which all parties mnst subscribe. Nothing is left to the Skill, piety, or devotion of the clergv.3 V An ability to read is all that is essential to the Priestly office. - 8\. Both have long grades of officers, with tiuea and powers unknown!® the New Testament—Arch bishops, Lord Bishops, Chancellors, Prebendaries, . Canons, Deans, Rectors, Vicars, and others, almost : without end. 9\. Both divide their teritories into larger or qmaller Sections, as Bishopric^ Archdeaconries, Deaueries, end parishes, and limit the .labours of the Clergy to particular districts, however confined ■ their space or few their population. - •' x 10\. Both make high pretences, to supernatural powers. The Bishops pretend to confer the Holy Ghost on the persons they ordain,and all the Clergy pretend to absolve men from all their sins upon a. dying-bed. 11\. Both consider Baptism a real Regeneration; by this ceremony the subjects are made members of Christ, the Children of God, and Heirs of tho Kingdom of Heaven; they alike employ Sponsors, and nse the sign of the Cross. 12\. Both perform the ceremony of Confirmation, in which the Bishop tells the young people, what ever be their moral character, that they were all regenerated by the Holy Ghost at then: Baptism, and assures them of the fhvour of God. 13\. Both awfully pervert the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Priests administer it at an altar to kneeling, and often ungodly, communicants; one chnrch calls it " Transbustaatlon;" add ther other in the Homilies a "Marvellous Incorporation/* - - 14\. Both display a cruel and persecuting, spuit, anathematizing or excommunicating (to the loss of character, property, and liberty,) those who do not avowedly conform (see first twelve canons). They. have alike put thousands of Dissenters to death. 15\. Both are peculiarly sectarian, treating Non conformists with contempt, confining their central, infant, and other schools, colleges, and' cheritifs, :: to their own parries, and inculcating Sectarianism with the utmost assiduity. 16\. Both systems tend to make Ministers haughty, avaricious, and petulant, frequently produce strife; between Pastor and people, introduce idle and ; ungodly persons, and protect their, vices. 17\. Both Churches with unalterable/creeds, apd minutely defined rubrics, with vows and solemn asseverations, tolerate every wild notion and heresy in existence, and produce a body of religious hypocrites.' _ 18\. Both are upheld by the Secular arm, fear, Ignorance, avarice, and corruption, by denouncing the loss of business, reputation, and even of salva tion on seceders, while profligates are seldom mark ed men. 19\. Both treat all their conforming panshittaera alike, whether good, bad, or indifferent. Theaarae words are addressed to all; the tame ceremonies performed by all. "There is no difference between the clean and the unclean." 20\. Both have a great deal of pomp and cere mony in their worship; standing, sitting, kneeling, bowing, turning towards the altar, dresses, etc.. uunsug; - —-—r » - all calculated to afford ignorant persons a deceitful ground of hope and confidence in their own "bodily fX6rC1968* 21\. Both attach extravagant and unchristian no tions of sanctity to their places of worship, their clerical habits, titles, and ministerial performances,, i their character is indelibly sacred, their churches holy, their doings only efficacious. ... * 22\. Both prefer exclusive claims to Ministerial / efficiency, not from the piety, talents, and zeal of , their preachers, but from the superstitious and un- r snpported notions of Apostolical succession and Preuirical ordination. _ 23\. Both read portions of the Apocrypha as a part, or In the place of the Word of God.1 The f Chnrch of England omits the public reading of 211 • chapters of the Bible, and substitutes 101 chapter* - of the Apocrypha. 24\. Both enjoin the religious observance of nu merous holy days every year, In commemoratipn of some of the most proflgate and tyrannical beings that ever existed. The English hierarchy has ap pointed (independent of Sundays,) ninety-five fasting days, and thirty-one days of feasting. 25\. Beth churches, by extreme unction, o/ u» ;{. sacrament and burial service, professedly send all their people to heaven, bless Hod for taking tmr most impenitent wretch to Himself, and commit his body to the dust, in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal life." (BO • XV6SUCTCUUUU w oiWMUt v uIn a word, bothsystems are ttnscriptnra. j^ ^ have sadly failed to answer the end for which mil— lionsof money are annually expended, and for which the Son of God introduced his Gospel Into the world. . .. " It is a question of some difficulty whether tne Chnrch of England be really and truly entitled to the application of Protestant. That it is the least reformed of all the Protestant Churches is univer sally admitted. "Consequently, the sooner these hierarchies am reformed, and assimilated • to tbq model of.th©^ earliest churches, thebetter. Let every enlightened " mrpiy* of them put his shoulder to the wheel ; withont hesitation or fear." 'T _ Between the mother-and daughter there; -is but^r little difference, both are productive of much evil; let not the rincre dissenter be taxed; to support either the one or the other, in this colony. May1 State Grants, which aid error probably more than truth, be abolished for ever, and Christians together in harihonv and love. • * : I havo the hbnour-to be, Sir,. •• - Yonr obedient servant, HENRYCHEETH.SM, Congregational Pastor* Barm Bunk Good Temper.—Let young people re* member that their gopd temper wUl gafei them more esteem and happiness than tha genius and talents ot' oll the bad that ever existed. Have nothing to do with those good natured- friends who make a practise o£ letting you know all the evil wkigli they, hear spoken about yon. "These people talgS especial care to let yon hear nothing of thai good, if there is any going* -EtizaCooJ&s; Journal. " Son,"said & careful Quaker to a spend thrift heir, " thou art a sad rake.* " Nqr, ' father," replied thepromisit^fcrutib^i^ir^ . art the raker, I am the-spreader.* " 