afte &vgti8;<. (f'uDLisnr.n Daily.) ' i ant In this' place where I am remanded o. conference to oppose the truth, and therefore the truth to speak surprise in wiluna line" WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3. 1851. THE GOVERNMENT AND CONVICT DISCIPLINE. The passage of a soul into eternity, " unhoused, mannered," disappointed, without an instant's warning given, or a deprecatory prayer to the Eternal Judge, must fill every sensitive mind with painful feelings. But when that soul has been charged with crime, sin after rain being heaped upon it and weighing it down to the very lowest depths of punishment, the feeling becomes one of horror, and the thoughts are naturally turned to a review of the system which thus exposes men to so fearful a summons to their long account. It has been a common subject of remark, that abuses may exist for years that on one us systems adopted in haste, may be perpetuated almost indefinitely ; notwithstanding the denunciations or arguments of intelligence and public spirit, the fullest exposure or demonstration of a watchful Press, or notwithstanding even the felt, though concealed convictions of the dogged and obstinate originators of the wrong. Pointing out the move possibility and probability of evil occurring from a continuance in the objectionable system, is but too often of no avail to rouse the spirit of public opinion to a full conception of the extent of the impending danger; and it is not until some grievous calamity, long foretold but little heeded, occurs, that amidst the thrill of honor that follows, the thoughts are turned to the necessity of remedy for the past, and of prevention for the future. The death of the man Robert Taylor, the unfortunate convict Who was shot dead in endeavouring to escape from custody will have the effect of causing the public mind to revert with full force to the present penal system pursued in Victoria. But little will it avail the originators and supporters of that pet system, to have a com- placent coroner and a malleable jury to stifle inquiry, and to acquit the unfortunate man - almost more unfortunate than his victim who, in honestly carrying out orders that it ought never to have been necessary to give, has stained his hands with a fellow-creature's blood but little will it ease their consciences to point to the recorded verdict, and say " his death was justifiable" but little will it serve them with their own hearts, to urge that their hands did not the deed the victim of a system adopted without seeing them tion, and continued because adopted, will, like the ghost of B m quo, ever haunt chain, and will not be laid even though they ejaculate with the conscience-stricken Macbeth " Thou canst not say I did it !" And to whom, let us ask, is this blood guiltiness to be attached? No to the constable, who fired the shot, for he was but a machine, placed like a spring gun which fires when trodden on, to do a particular service ; not to the overseers or superintendent of the gangs, for the convicts are handed over to them, and they are answerable for their safe custody, on Milich their situations depend. But it is to those by whose experimental suggestions a band of trebly convicted J Colons, hitherto unnamed and unreclaimed by all the stringent cover cause of gales, iron-gangs, and probation!-, has been herded together to form a moral dung-licii|i, whose accumulated crime, fermenting mill Mering, gent rates vice ten times more horrible in its nature than could have been begotten in the brain of any one criminal, however deeply dyed in villainy. It is to those, who, having thus provided for the attainment of the highest pitch of crime by their too willing pupils, send them forth guarded by such a mere handful of men us to be a perfect mockery of all safe custody; to work on ground intersected on all sides with stout fences that entirely forbid pursuit by horsemen, their limbs unfettered, and formidable weapons placed in their hands, with a ready supply of dangerous ammunition, in the shape of stones, within their reach. It is those who have done this that are guilty of the blood of the old man, criminal though he be, and therefore still less prepared to meet his Maker without a moment's warning those who have originated and carried out a system which has, from the commencement, been shewn to be most faulty. But conscience is a stern accuser. It makes itself heard above the popular din of congratulation, or the private whispers of adulation. It finds its sting into the guilty breast, whether covered by superfine Saxony or by humble freize. The presence of the numerous officials at the inquest on the body of the unfortunate de- linquent, shows that something was wrong that there was a necessity for vigilance, and for preventing the inquiry to run riot amongst matters which were too delicate, or too barefaced to be looked upon. Would inquiry have been stopped, as it was on the inquest, by the J. P. foreman, had a constable been brained by a stone hammer in the hands of an escaping convict ? We opine not but on the contrary, we should have seen, besides the officials that attended on Saturday, legal functionaries of the Crown employed to uphold the system patronised by the Government to wreak the full vengeance of the law upon the offender. Here, however, we have a miserable wretch of a convict, without friends for crime has no friends worth calling such who has every inducement to escape offered him, and who on accepting them is shot down the first few paces he goes and the paternal government, so jealous for the life of its subjects, forwards its officials to the spot to check injudicious questionings, and to give by a few well-timed remarks a pleasing turn to the inquiry. Why, this very fact is sufficient to stamp the whole system as faulty; nay, as iniquitous. That which requires so much exertion, not only to support and bolster, but to shield from view, must indeed be rotten at its very core. Hardly six months have elapsed, since, in reviewing the proceedings of the Supreme Court, we had occasion to advert to the system of punishment, and some such a circumstance as that we have recently witnessed, was pointed at by us ; ay, and we even hinted at something danger that might per chance yet follow, unless a change was at once. made. We lay no claim to any extraordinary degree of foresight; our writings are not vats- sensations, but the mere sequences of common sense and common observation, applied to ordinary proceedings with a watchful eye, not with reference to the present alone, but with a view to the future, and guided by the knowledge of the past. On that occasion our objections were unmistakeable, though only briefly stated, and it would seem almost superfluous to re-enumerate them. Suffice it, then, to say that the end of all punishment bring rather the reformation of the criminal, than the avenging of society, all chance or possibility of escape, should be wanting ; so that the mind confined to, and dwelling upon, the punishment alone, might take in its fullest extent, and be led to dread its recurrence in after years of freedom. Has such an end been obtained under the present system ? Must unhesitatingly we answer, no; more but a very brief glance at the history of the Stockade for the last few months, will bear out our assertion. No sooner has one attempt at escape been made, and been in a few cases successful, than another is concocted a and the convict still smarting with the stroke of the lash that has punished the failure of his first effort, lays his plans with his fellows for a second. In this way time passes glibly on the prisoner, buoyed up with hopes of freedom, scarcely feels what he considers only the temporary return of the cell or the Stockade. Each day opens out fresh prospects of escape, until on some fatal occasion, violence induces vieilence,lil'e is taken, and he who was only a thief, has been made, by the pet regulations of a prison philanthropist, a murderer. But reverse the picture, and mark the result. 'The convicts: manacled to a chain, and weighed down by irons, may go sulkily to work ; but the daring hand, ready at a moment's notice, to do a deed of blood, cannot, when clogged with the better, do the bidding which the fearless heart may prompt; and thus confinement becomes more galling and the fierce spirit is broken It is only by breaking the savage, often the demoniacal spirit that haunts these men, that ever reformation is to be expected. It is then that the full weight of punishment falls upon them ; it is then, when all hope of escape is gone, that the cell becomes a punishment, and uninter nutting work for the full term of sentence staring them in the face, shows them indeed the folly of continuing in ways of vice. That the present matter is to be passed over with the very meagre inquiry taken before the coroner, we can- not believe. Such nonchalance would be too gross even for our very paternal government; and therefore the least that we expect will be some quiet government inquiry, or commission, that will not make matters too public, or allow too much blame to fall upon shoulders which, however able and deserving, are not at all willing to bear any portion of the blame. But let only proper precaution be taken ; let us only allow the convicts to have a chance of thinking upon the punishment of their crime ; let us not have the lives of sturdy honest men exposed to danger in the performance of a duty, or the r c-on offences charged unnecessarily with the blood of a fellow-creature and let us not have, either, human beings, even though they be convicts, shot down like dogs for displaying that love of liberty which is shown even by the bird of the air and the beast of the field; and we shall be content, even though the inquiry that shall bring about the result, shall be a secret one. 