OUR ECCLESIASTIC AL DISPUTES. TO THE EDITOR Or THE "oUAItDIAK." Sin,—Whan questions of infinite moment ouoe convulsed ibe Church of God, Hooker, one of our sagest writers, declared—'' We should be always patient, through the crime of heresy were intended; but silent in a thing of so great consequence I could not, beloved, I dursthut be; especially the love which I hear to the troth of Christ Jesus, being hedeby somewhat called in questiion." Such was the motive whioh so powerfully impelled the mightiest oftho world's greatest spirits to lay npon the altar of his God those golden thoughts whiob have so materially served as beacons of warning aud instruction, with stodfast lustre, to every ago of the Church, sinee they issued forth from his expansive and sanctified mind.' With becoming humility, we trast, we feel ourselves influenced by a kindred impulse to speak some wards of truth, disinterestedly and impartially, in reference to tlie ecclesiastical contentions now prevalent amongst us. In trath, therefore, we do entirely believe with one of the greatest geniuses of ancient Christendom—" It beeometh no man to be patient in the crime of heresy." { St. Jerom, Epist ad Pammach.) We must likewise beg to say, that we nnfeignedly believe, that the germinating principle of heresy—or of assaults against those catholic truths which all ages ofthe Church Irive so reverentially regardod as the roriest essentials, protective barriers, and defensive safeguards of Divine truth, aru now threateningly rife amongst as. These assaults may be somewhat disguised—mav be unperceived by the superficially credulous admirersofexcitingnovulties aad fantastic fancies; yet we hold, nevertheless, that the attempts which, here and elsewhere, are now being mado to overspread tbe Australian Bishops with a cloud of unmerited obloquy and godless contempt^-to obstruct the righteous results of their Lordships' recent labours to revive and foster upostolic discipline—to outrage the divinely warranted older of spiritual rule—to insist on a boastful parade of " open" questions of faith, or ratht-rof no faith at all—and in the morbid passion for "pre-eminence," to seek to exalt the feet Iwbose sacred province is to' "obey," to the overthrow of the heads whose holy function it is to "rule,"and so generating' misrule, seisin, fanatacisin, disobedience, liigh- mindedne^s, and such other perversions of private judgment—>we do hold, we say, that such attempts form but a very pitiable procedure, aud are the too palpable signs of a zeal equally without knowledge, as it is without any of the essence of piety. Would that our learneddoctors and tochers of truth would likewise exhibit an obvious impersonation in themselves, of being at least something like disciplcs of humility, and followers of order! Would that teachers had, as frontlets between their evesr that the Divine Head lahl tbe first stone of his hallowdd temple of truth in poverty of spirit—and t>iat the glorious goal of tln>ir mortal warfare was to result in the fruhion of a prize, whose celestial blaz >nryw4S mainly to consist in the exhauatlesa fulness of unity, order, peace, and love 1 We perceive, to->, with profound sorrow, that there are Clergy amongst na, whose dread oaths and solemn vows aud benefiting example, we had fondly prcsatned think, would have assuredly dictated a very far diffirent course. We as<c, with paid, in wh'tt pteidon do Clergy plice themselves who actually sit in judgment ou the holy suggestions of their chief Pastors, to wliosn "go 'ly admonitions" they are so sacredly bound, by the mouitions of the Holy Ghost, to^pay a hearty—an implicit obedience ? Kir is t-iis ail—we would als.-i inquire what consistency « such Clergy exhibit, in so solemnly vowing, at the altar of their God, at their respective ordinations "to maintain and set forwards, a.r much as lietA in them, qufctness, peace, and love, among all Christian peoplr," and yet, withal, urging the very fl :cks committed to their responsible charge, to sit with them as assessors, in- privileged judicature, so the more effectaa'ly to hercd a vigorous crusade against the spiritual Holers of both pastors and flocksf Ah! whit a startling comment'irydoessueh a proceiing suggest even to the minds uf the confiding innocents of their Sucks, who,-we trust, are u >t being neglected, amid nil this ecclesiastical turmoil, jn their enjoyment of the authorised catechetical instillation required at Ihe lips of their pastors, nameiy—'"To submit to all their governors, ttachers spiritual pastors, anS masters ; to order themselves lowly and'reverently to all their belters."—(Church Catechism.) What! Let the Minutes of the late Conference of Bishop* be impartially read, and let the published miuifesloet of associations and their laader* 1m read in closest juxtaposition :—thea what if melancholy contrast will be dragged to light 1 V It will be seeu oa the part of the B'ahops, that a meek, and fatherly anxiaty is unaffectedly put forth to strengtheu the stakes and lengthen the cords of oar Sian—th.-tt a righteous effort is eviiicd not to make the " one faith'' of Cnrist an open question or a mere wavering faith, whicn latter is- the veriest parody on Divine truth and an insult t<> com non sense—and, besides, their Lordships manifest auil earnest zeal to foster the younger' Clergy, as in the schools of the prophets of old, iu the holiest exercises of ecclesiastical discipline and corrective regimen. And iu these colonics, Jet it be noted, wliere.the aitaiuments aud experience of tha Clergy are so confesi>dly of a very question, able order, what more judicious Christian policy could possibly be devised for securing our altars against the repulsive vagaries uf spiritual novices and the withering tniuistrations of the totally unlearned l But what do fie manifestoes of the traducers of the Bishops exhibit ? Why statements untrue in*fact—oontradicted by Scripture—and u teriy repuguahcto the uniform voice and teaching of the Church of God in all ages—a voice, let it also be observed, wh chi tbe di->ciules or" truth are called on by the eternal God himself to " hear." la short, a spirit of self sufficient highmindetluess—of self-s&tisiiod; ceosoriousness —of an uncharitable judgment of the most apalling kind, ir breathed throughout all these enminaufig documents.- We leave to the hnnest judgment of thinking men, the fearful tons of vituperative judgment blazing throughout such- memorials' of rashuess and incousideifetiou, in barely stating the fact, that tbe Rev. Dr. Fry venturos to assert that tbe sge which gave to Christendom the noblest and-most essential summary ot faith possessed by the Oatholio Church, namely, ttie Nicene Creed, is, iu a legitimate deduction, from his own arguments,, absolutely ottsafo to bo trusted, and that, consequently, all the decrees of ecclesiastical oouuoils, however representative of the catholic'body, and all the variod'juiigments a/the Churches in confirmatory attestation of the sacred boobs of Scripture, as contained in oar present received canon of revelation, are quite uu wortuyof credit thus fuarfully ioipuguing the essential verity of the very Book of Qod itself 1 The Rev.Dootordenotracesitaianti-scriptoral aud-popish to listeu to-aay other autiquitytlian that ofthe/il sCand second century! Is the Doctor ignoraut of the foot that the Nicene Creed is tho production ofthe Church of the fourth osntury—that in ages far later than his approved secoml century, the Councils, ofthe Chuioh, as thos<3 ot Jjaodicea, aud tli i fourth ol Cartilage, hold iu the fourth ceutury, formally r.-jected many spurious gospels and writings, and gave fiat ol their contirniBUiry authority to several of ouri saored book's of scripture, which had beea hertloprt regarded as doubtful; for example, the Lputie tu {ha Hebrews and the Apoea- lypse—both of which were eEtab'isked nnr long afteru oi'ds in the Councils of Luodict!* ana Carthage t We cannot think that Dr. Fry greatly commends liis learning as an evangelic il Reformer with suih hasty assertions—falsyfving-'Buch grave fact.: nor can we appro^.i the judiciousness of of his citing Moslieitu as anv authority whatever against Episcopal usurpations or aggressions—Mosheiin himself being antagonistically npposeji on'.principle, to the government ol all our Bishm,^ This preliminary Sketch, howover, amply prepares us for another of Dr. lory's eccetitrfc recommendations, namely, that an appeal most now be rrttdo forthwith to the laity alone, as the only means of correcting the errors in faith and laxity in practice, occasioned by the unhallowed milBervations ot our Bishops 1 Nor need we be surprised at that other Startling dogma, which, we understand, is iudebtca to the Rev, Doctor for its creation; namely, that our Bishops are too corrupt— too corrupting—too enslaving to have enentrusted even to their tutorial charge the destinies of candidates for the Priesthood, and of our younger Clergy •' Verily, the fearful eclesiastical despotism, so tyr&nnonsly; wielded by our Bishops, does require tbe Rev. Doctor's tocsin of alarm ! The ferocity of their Lordship's unquisitorial horrors may be estimated from the simple fact, that they are totally helpless to silonne this extrava^cntlineof proceeding,which no ecclesiastical body whatever, other than the Chnrch of England, in any corner of Christendom, would tor an iuetanca toiera'e. Throughout nine-tenths of tho Christian 1 world such insolent contumacy and suicidal folly would quickly be rewarded with tha pruning-knife of seasonable excision. OU ! the intollerant rule of English Bishops !! It savours, indeed, of tbe sublimely ridiculous to call meetings to defend " pritiate judgment." and to have a fight for " mental independence" when sucb statements are allowed, in the very presence ofecclusiastical rule, to enjoy free course and the impunity of unchecked license! But miich more thnn absurd is it to ca!l meetings to consist ot persons—requUitinnists and spectators—in full co nmuuion with no Christian Church whatever, but who, nevertheless, at the bidding of men en comporting themselves in the Church' of God, ore ready enough, with unreasoning acclsmatiouy to issue interminable resoiutionsaud decrees, and to be regarded of course as a species of infallible rule and Divine guide toother's consciences 1 No doubt the decree of our Hobart Town Council, notwithstanding the narrowness of i;s isolated boundary will go forth to the vast tribunal of the Christian world, urging special inspiration as its claim f ir citnoiicity f Dr. Fry has prepared us for this august claim. That learned Divine has based his present, movement, so very unlike his former' movements, upon the foundation of t'-ie first Council at Jerusalem 1 His present c mneil, therefore, we apprehend, will be of little account, if he b < untble to attach to its subli iie~ decrees,tAat which can alone give any coun.nt one moment's patient consid eration, namely —" It stxmf.d oood to the Holv Ghost AND TO US 1" Yours truly, PuESBVTEB. Hobart Tom, 13ih May, 1851. 