REPORT OF THE OPINIONS OFTHECLERV op SOUTH AUSTRALIA, ON THE "MINUTES OF PROCEEDINGS OF THE AUS- TRALASIAN BISHOPS," AT SYDNEY, IK OCTOBER, 1850. To the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Adelaide* Chspler House, Adelaide, February 5th, )B51, Air Loud,—We, iheClegy of the Diocese, of Adelaide, having deliberated al your Lordship's suggestion, upon Ihe " Minutes uf Proceedings at a meeting of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops of the Province of Australasia, held at Sydney, in October last," have now tbe honour of submitting for your Lordship's consideration, our views aud opinions thereon, as embodied in the following resolutions. Though unfortunately under the necessity of differing 1rom your Lordship on many ppinu, we trust thpt our manner of doing so ^ 7 -will be, deemed unexceptionable. We are 'ptfsuttdEd tKRi'we only 'do juslicc to the Chief Pastors of the Australasian Churchis by giving them credit for a sincere and earnest desire to advance the interests of true religion in their respective dioceses. As Presbyters and Deacons ol the Church of England, we mutt claim to be considered no less desirous of securing the attainment of the great ends of the Church's institution. It was not thought necessary (o remark upon those matters contained in the Minutes which are determined by the rubrics, referred to the decision of the Ordinary, or, judging from the general usages in ihe mother country, left to the discretion of each individual clergyman, Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity on minor or trivial matters would, it is to be feared, not only fail in its object, but would tend to engender strife and evil turmisings. The Church needs rest. May its Chief Pastors be endued wiih ihe spirit nf wisdom, power, lore, and of a sound mind; and nisy we nil — Clergy and Laity — be divintlv enabled to maintain the faith " in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life :"— Propositions above referred to. 1\. That out proceedings may be made public. 2\. That we proceed to the consideration of the "Minutes" seriatim; omitting, however, all discussion upon the question of baptismal regeneration, except to affirm on the propriety or otherwise of its introduction into the " Minutes," 3\. That we regard the meeting of the Bishops respectively of Sydney, Tasmania, New Zealand, Adelaide, Newcastle, and Melbourne, simply as a voluntary assembling of the Chief Pastors of the Ausirulustun Dioceses, to confer upon matters affecting the ic terests of the Church. 4\. That, while we approve mainly of the ohjecls on which the Bishops proposed to consult, as specified in Section I —We caunol refrain from expressing regret that as ihey had noi conferred with their respective Clergy before their meeting, they should have forwarded their *' Minutes" lo England with a view, it is presumed, lo Imperial Legisleiion, without previously submitting ihcm to the Clergy and Laity uf iheir respective Dioccscs. Future Synods and Conventions 5\. That adverting to chap, iii,," On Future Synods and Conventions," we are of opinion thai it would be preferable for the Clergy and Laity lo meet in one Assembly oi Convention, consisting of evfry licensed Presbyter haling cure ol souls, ar.d one or more Laymc-n, chosen by and out of the members ol each congregation, m fail communion, and presided over by the Bishop of the Diocese. Subdivision of Dioceses and Nomination of Bishops. 6\. That the right and power of Her Most Gracious Alejesty to subdivide the Austral' asian Diocessg and lo nominate Bishops thereto has hitherto been wisely and beneficialiy exercised, and out'hi for the present lo he retained intact; and thai, should a period arrive when it should be deemed expedient Ihat Her Afojcsfy should relinquish ihe right of nominating to Colonial Sees, we are of opinion ihet, according to ancient usage, such right of nomination should he vested in (he Clergy of ihe Diocese over which Ihe Bishop is to preside. Church Membership. Mikdte.—On u disctisiion of ihe phrase "duly baptised," il was under-] Blood lliat the word "duly" was i intende-lio he expluincd by the' words lollowiup, vir : — "with Water, in ihe nRine ol the Father, i Son, and Holy Ghost," and not lo refer to the person baptizing. ' discipline. Clergy. 7\. That, os the Australasian Bishops "disclaim" the right, power, or »i«li " lo suspend or revoke, at iheir own discretion, the licences of Clergymen," wc are of opinion iliot the licences to incumbencies should, as far U9 pos» tible, be in ihe same form nf words us those issued to incuipbcnis in England, end noi revocable at " pleasure " 9\. Dial it is desirable there should be a power ol de-priving Clergy, convicted of immorality or heresy, of their incumbencies. Status of Clergy. 9\. 1 hat we view Willi some degree of fear and disapprobation ihe desire of the Australasian Bishops lo licence Clergymen to charges of e ' temporary nature," and the wish impressed by theis " that candidates foi liuly Orders should place themselves entirely at the disposal <if their Bishop for some definite term of years, and leave io him the responsibility of appointing end changing Iheir station during such period as we believe such a policy, if generat, would under present circumstances, be injurious lo the maintenance of mental independence, doctrinal purity, and pastors) fidelity among Ihe junior Clergy, end would be inimical to their domestic comfort and general usefulness. 10\. Thai il is of lha utmost importance to the respcotabi ily.nnd efficiency of ihe clerical body in this Diocese to keep up, us far as possible, ihe stsndurd of secular nnd theological learning for candidates for Holy Orders which is required by ihe Bishops al home. 11\. That, under present circumstances, it is not desirable lo admit fo the Diuccnate, for ihe service of ihe Church in this Diocese, persons whose previous position in the colony would maietially impair their influence. 12\. That, (or the preservation of order and harmony, il is desirable that no Deacon or Catechisi should be introduced into any district already under the care of a Presbyter, bul on the nomination of such Presbyter, to whom the soid Deacon or Catechist should be subordinate. Marriage ofpersons neither of whom belongs to the Church. 13; That whereas up io a recent period no marriages of Dissenters in England were legal unless celebrated according io the rites and ceremonies of the Established Church, and whereas al the present lime the majority ol dissenting marriages are so celebrated in ihe mother-country, we are of opinion that no Australasian Clergymen ought to lefuse to marry any parties who may apply to him, though they be uot members ol our communion. Ministering to Dissenters. 15\. That, while we are relieved from any legal " obligation to perform religious services for persons who are not members of our Church;" yet, lo gusrd against any misconception, wc desire lo express our readiness lo afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, lo any who may need or desire them. Minute.—Wedeero it inexpedient te express an opinion on some points touched upon in chapter 7, as we believe these points must be left lo a cer- Uin extent to the discretion of the officiating minister. We ft el bound however to remark thai in section 9, letter d, no mention is made of marriages to be solemnised on certificate from ihe Registrar's Office ; but we cannot suppose ilini it is intended by such omission to condemn the solemnization of such marriages by Ministers of our Cburch. . Wedesitraalsp totipreis the dif- •. ^ fitfiiliy we are uiider of indersimd- . ing what is.meant.by.-theiadvice of the fiishop>.to repel from the Holy Communion persons who have married within the prohibited dedegrees " until they have repeated and be reformed." " Holy Baptism. 15\. That the introduction by the Austra> lasian Bishops of the quesiion of Holy Baptism into their Minutes was uncalled for and injudicious; that the construction put by litem upon the " Creed, Articles, and Liturgy," with respect to this subject, would, if imposed, be tantamount to a new article of faith ; and that llie dogmatical determination of a question which has ever been practically considered an open one, virtually narrows the terms of communion with our Chutch. Education. 1C That, whilst desirous of seeing a school established in connection wiih every church in ihis colony, we shall be prepared to regard favourably any system of education in which the Bible shall be the basis of the instruction given. Missions. 17\. That we lisil with great satiifaclion the establishment of the Australasian Bosid of Missions, in connection with our Church with a view to the conversion of the aboriginal inhabitants of Australasia and the Islet of the Western Pacific ; and we earnestly hope and pray that such measures may lie adopted and carried out by us members as may be crowned wiih :he Divine blessing. JAMES FARRELL, Deanof Adelaide, and Incumbent of Trinity. WILLM. JOHN WOODCOCK, Canon of Adelaide, and Incumbent of Christ's, church. THEODORE PERCIVAL WIL- SON, Canon nf Adelaide, and Incumbent of Saint John's-. W. II. COOMBS, Incumbsnt of St George's, Gawler. JOHN CHARLES BAGSUAW, Incumbent of Si. Mark's, Penwoitham. ARTHUR B. BURNETr, Pres. byier, Incumbent ol Si, Stephens'?, Willunga, JOHN WATSON, Incumbent of Si, Matthew's Kensington, JOHN W. Sl.'.HOALES, A. B, T.C.D, ofiiciaung Minister, Macgill. JOHN FULFOllD, Deacon, Incumbewl of Si, Mary's, Stun, and Christchurch, O'llullorim Hill. E. Ii. MILLER, Drscon, Head- Master of Pu'leney-streoi School, North Adelaide. SAMUEL PERCY RICHARD ALLOM, Senond Master Si. Peter's Collegiate School. 