MESMERISM AND CLAIRVOYANCE. This pamphlet, dedicated to Dr Howitt, of. Melbourne and sustained by the friendly countenance of Dr Motherwell alid Mr Campbell, is an extraordinary production for a n< w colony. The writer deprecates the imputation of hunbug, quackery, and delusion, and invites the unassuming Christian to weigh calmly aud investigate carefully the facts recorded. Some of these are decisive, and where credited will set aside all the difficulties of belief which might aiise from science or from pre-existing views of the moral government of God. A few examples may be selected. Thus: a young lady in England having received the number of passes requite, and answering the question, are you asleep? in the affiimative, assumed several beautiful and eiegant attitudes. Upon the operator touching the organs of veneration, wonder and hope, her countenance beamed with angelic sweetness, and her uplifted hands betokened prayer * What are you doing, Mi>s G ?' * I am communing with Him. Let me pray.' Then followed the Lord's Prayer, 'i he fingerbeing piaced upon time aud tune, she sung the evening hymn. * It was beautiful,' says the writer, * to see the young worshipper offering up her heartfelt homage to the t none of her heavenly Father.' When the fingers were removed she ceased. On touching mirth and wonder she laughed till the tears coursed down her face. When philoprogenitiveiicss and form were fingered, she rocked to and fro, and dandled the pillow of the sofa; then adding time and tune together, she sung, * Hushaby baby.* She had no recollection on awakening of having spoken or sung. Au operator fancied he could mesmerise at a distance. He concentrated his thoughts on the patient. The next morning he was asked by the patient whether he had not magnetised her, foi she had passed through the mesmeric sleep, and been cured of a cold. The writer advises that this should not be often done, lest it should alarm the friends, who wou'd resort to dangerous remedies. Another patient implored the mesmenser not to disturb his happy state uf existence, where the spirit could go about at p easure. In another instance an amiable atheist, whose organisation was against him, was touched by the mesmeric power: he died rejoicing, grateful for mesmerism, the gift of God, which had relieved him from the worst evil, an unbelieving heart—p. 50. The writer appeals to the ministers of religion: * Do you wish to heal tile sick ? practise mesmerism. Do you desire to preach the gospel ? practise mermtrism; and while the precepts of the Saviour fall from your lips, let mesmerism increase and multiply morality, in raising man from the grosset scenes of earth, and in bidding him look for a happier land, where the spirit shall dweli with its creator in a glorious and eternal immortality — p. 51. Efter establishing the connection between phreno'o^y and mesmerism, some remarkable facts are given. A promise made in mesmeric sleep is religiously and faithfully performed. Again: a chiid destined by phrenology to become a nuisance and a curse, may yet be taught good and holy precepts. The conscientious principle may be infused into h.s mind during his peaceful slumber—p. 59. The touch of one organ produces its single result Thus, if uumber is influenced, the sulijcct counts; if philoprogenitiveness is joined, a number of children is seen ! When ideality and language are touched, beautiful words fall trom the iips of the sleeper. Thus uieruierisiu establishes the science of phrenology. Clairvoyance brings the mesmeriser and the patient into mental fellowship The patient can read the hidden though*. Tile forehead is internally illumined, aud the eyes hermetically seated. A ciairvojant—Miss W , at Melbourne— appears to have been remarkably favoured: she saw through her forehead. A Jock of hair being giveu her she placed it on her forehead, resting it <ipon the organs of form and individuality. She described the case of some lady whose internes was twisted, which she delineated anatomically, and with pencil aud paper! Dr consulted her for himself; she advised him to abstain fiom stimulating drinks for a month, and to take a mixture of rhubarb gentian, and something else, the name of which she knew not; but upon description of its flower was found to be nightshade. Of botany she knew nothing beyond the most common flowers. The must remaikable (act was that the herb was seen mentaily by her in its fresh flowering state, but was distinguished after HI the dead stems gathered in England. The doctor was cured ! On another occasion she read music with het eye closed ; she danced the polka ; she mentally travelled to Gi-eiong aud described correctly Mack's Hotel and the houses adjacent—p. 70. On itceivinji a Jock of hiir, and smelling aud tasting it, she said that her head was bursting; that she had pains in her eyes and nose. * She then fell into violent convulsions, and afterwaids spelt with her fingeis the word 1 die,' aud sunk again upon t:ie;floor. When deme&merised; she was asked if anything could l*e done for the patient * No; I think he wul die.' When she is endeavouring to find a cure (jt is ubscivcd in a parenthesis, she looks over the right shou der, and when she despaiis, to the left. In one instance, looking to the left of a patient, she said, * He is bieakiug up heie'—pointing to the abdomon— ( but not so b id here'—pointing to the head. Then, looking sorrowfully, she said—' 1 was in hopes it was an anchor, but it was a pick-axe and a spade.' Where symptoms are favourable she sees an anchor, aud where mortal a pick-axe and a spade. In some instances the time of recovery is indicated : I see,' says she, * ten moons and a bright crown at the top. That means ten months; and the crown at the top is allegorical that success will crown your efforts. This lady having received into her hand a letter with a post-mark of 1840, she placed it on her forehead, and said at length—' You have not had this letter long. 1 see a ship sailing about here and there; 1 think 1 know who it be.ongs to; he is up in the snow; his name is Franklin.' She afterwards said— 4 I will try ; poor Lady Franklin will be g'ad to know.' She saw two walls of ice ; she saw the ship as it was eleven mouths after it started from England ; she saw a bear and other poiar objects. Her third mental voyage was most important. She saw the cliff- of ice, and the ship one year and eleven months out. Next she bad to pursue the ship, and saw the figures * 77 ° ' with land and men and women; then the biack ship again ; then the black ship burning ; she became terrified; and now she saw another ship. For a long time she could not find Sir John, but, at last discovered him with an immense beard, dressed in dock clothes, with fur round his throat like au oppossum skin, but longer. It is hinted that some disclosures were made which, if events should tally, will determine the fate of Sir John Franklin. But if, says the author, she should be fouud to have erred altogether relative to Sir John, seeing that in so many instances she has been correct, we cannct the less believe in her clairvoyance. To many of our readers, mesmeric theories are invested with the charm of novelty. Some born on this side of the line have been subject only to the ordinary manifestations of nature. There is a deplorable decline ot spectral Intercourse. In Australia a ghost would not be less valuable as a contribution from the old world than some yet unimpoited specimens of its arboreal and animal treasures. There has been a dull reality in the deteils ol colonial life, which, speaking mesmeric-ally, lias exercised a telluric influence over ail our tastes, and sadiy restricted the sphere ol the imagination. But the book above illustrates the universal apt*, tude of communities, new and o'd, to be thrown into slutnl'er, when reason deserts her throne, and loses herself in smoke and dust If we are asked what we think of the above production, we reply without hesitation that it records a nev combination of cralulitv and imposture -common in Europe but novel in Australia. Hoiv far the actors are implicated in the deception aud wickedness recorded in this book we are not able to judge. It is a melancholy truth, illustrated a thousand limes, that persons of inferior intellect and degraded moral tastes have been more than a match fot men of genius and integrity. There are some circumstances in which to suspect imposture Is so shocking to the inotul sensibilities, that men of sound judgment dread to assert their own unavoidable convictions.—Launctston Advertiser. ' 