INTERIOR. A TRIP TO THE BELUBULA MINE. Shortly after sunset, at the hour known " ayant the Tweed," as the "gloaming," a dark object looming gigantically in the distance, and progress- ing slowly but laboriously along the rugged bed of the Stoney Creek, Carcoar, was observed by a couple of gents just returned from the races. The younger days of one of the two had been spent in a land whore stories of elfins, ghosts, and banshees form no inconsiderable portion of the early mental tutoring of the young, and the subsequent effects of a liberal education and considerable travel, had not been sufficient to eradicate the impressions stamped upon his early youth, as, listening over the expiring embers of a turf fire, he had caught in breathless silence, the every word of the toothless beldame whilst relating tale after tale of horror and wonderment. His companion, a man of hard facts, great incredulity, and little faith in anything to which he could not apply the test of his senses, looked hard and enquiringly at the moving figure, and ventured an opinion, that the subject of their curiosity was some hypochondriac, who fancied that he was afflicted with the hydrophobia, and "was seeking a cure by walking against the stream. To this observation the other was about to whisper a reply, but his tongue cleaved to the roof of his mouth, and he stood gazing into vacancy. " Come on, S—," he cried, "let's fathom this mystery." On he spurred, but S—followed cautiously be- hind and at a safe distance. Having arrived suffi- ciently near, the body, head, and shoulders of a full grown human being, who did not sport a huge pair of whiskers, because he had not got them, projected from the surface of the water in which the nether man was immersed. Just at this moment he came in contact with a rock which stood up out of the stream, on the peak of which he perched himself, and took a leisurely survey of the dark clouds which were pouring down rain upon the parched earth. " Holloa, friend, whither bound ?" was the first salute. "To the Belubula Mine," was the answer. " What takes you there ?" " Why, don't you see, I was rather deep in the late lottery spec, and was fortunate enough to ob- tain half a dozen town allotments at Hastings for prizes, and as I am informed that the capital of the Belubula Mining Company has been transferred to the " Sinking Funds," it occurs to me that leases of Hastings property and Belubula scrip might be exchanged without much detriment to either. Having a turn for speculation, and a dis- like for anything like idleness, I've just conceived the notion that a little business might be done by a trip to the mine, where I am informed there are beautiful diggins to be seen, and that a survey has been made by a noted geologist, conchologist, entymologist, philolo.—Here the adventurer took a leap from his perch into the stream and com- menced his aqueous sojourn towards Macquarie Mount. The remainder of his sentence was drowned by the patter of the falling rain, and in a few seconds he appeared more like a ghost than a mining speculator, his gaunt form gradually dissolving in the darkness of night. On the fol- lowing morning there was something said of a Carcoar visitor naving suddenly left his company in a state of peculiar bewilderment with about half a foot of brandy upon his stomach, and re- turning, some couple of hours afterwards, thoroughly soaked, as if he had been taking a refresher in a duck pool.—Bathurst Free Press, 