SYDNEY. ( FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Sydney, 19th December, 1851 Everything, you see, has turned out just as { anticipated, with regard to the paralytic movements for patching up the past blunders of the Government, and for talking from it its power of dealing with fixed appropriations. In the discussion of the Iir'ainnity Hill, however, principles have been advocated affecting Port Phillip interests, to which I shall only briefly allude, leaving to you the task of comment. It has been maintained by the Solicitor General and Mr Wentworth, and it has pleased that distinguished expounder of the law, Mr Martin, to give them the weight of his concurrence-that the Legislature of New South Wales Proper have power to deal with this indemnity question, as a whole, without any reference to the Council or Government of Victoria, Their argument is, that, at the moment of Separation, all the revenue on hand belonged legally to New South Wales Proper, for although its territorial extent had been changed, it was still New South Wales, and in New South Wales had that revenue been raised. It was admitted, that in all fairness and honesty, the balance ought to be equitably divided between the two Colonies, but it was contended that this division could only be made by the authority of the Sydney Legislature, and that our Executive, for all that it had done or meant to do in this matter, would have to come down with an application for a second Bill of Indemnity. As a consequence, this unauthorised expenditure, occurring before the Separation, must be dealt with by the Legislature of New South Wales alone jriind-so'smuch of it as had been expended on account of "Port Phillip must be taken off the account, when it comes to be finally settled by Legislative enactment. In this view the House and the Govern- cant must be held to have fully acquiesced, for, acting upon it, the one has voted, and the other has accepted an indemnity for the whole amount of the unauthorised expenditure. All that I will say upon the matter is, that the Opposition members have been very sudden in their change of opinion. Whether a Bill of Indemnity be necessary or not, with reference to the division of the revenue balance, there can be little doubt that such a Bill will have, as has been predicted by Mr Donaldson, to be applied for next year to cover further unauthorised appropriations under schedule B. But next year the House will not be found in so pliable a humour. Already we have had announced to us, amidst vociferous cheering, the proposed tactics of the representative members during the session of 1912. These two to refuse all money aid to the Government, beyond what the schedules afford them, until the whole of the demand in the grievance petitions shall have been fully complied with. Public opinion will sustain the Legislature in the adoption of this course, and will prevent its members from re- tracing their pledge to adopt it, even if they were inclined to do so. The strong!' language of Mr Wentworth as to the propriety ofgettingrid of British rule altogether, unless our unnatural parent" should show more attention than she has hitherto done to the wants and wishes of her offspring; found an echo in nearly every breast within the Conn i! Chamber swim; officers of the Government excepted although the honorable twaddle for West Camden endeavoured, at a later period of the evening, to weaken its force Throughout the length and breadth of the land, this spirit of indignation, tuuLdesire of resistance, has long been in existence. Many, indeed, are apathetic, but as in the event of a movement these would be compelled to act in one way or another, they would nearly all join the popular cause'. There can be no doubt that there is a general desire to maintain the connection of the Colony with Great Britain, provided that the hitler will concede, as she has done to Canada, our virtual independence as respects all local matters ; but on no other condition can this connection be preserved. The stoppage of the supplies next year, will probably bring ministers to their senses. The projected work of this evening, if I work it can be called, is a politico- economic- cal discussion upon the exportation of gold, and its probable effects. Enough of non- sense has been talked upon this point to make the: ghost of old Adam Smith start from his grave and take the would-be monetary y doctors by the ears. These gen- try find it impossible to divest themselves of the notion that gold is true and complete wealth, rather than a mere representative and measure of value, and that the country will become richer if the exporta- tion of this commodityciinbestayotl. Even Miller's br dgment would teach them better. But the production of gold is to these politicians, like a new scientific toy toa hull educated child-they do not understand it, and theirL'lideuvoiirs together of their per- plexity, serves only to increase it. The matter will, in all probability, be got rid of this evening, upon the pretext that it requires further consideration, and must, for this further consideration, stand over until next session., Captain Mayne is now spoken of as the fortunate individual who is to receive the i vacuum Jnspeulor-Gcneriilihip of Police and his X'MiO. This gentleman produced an able report on the Irish system of Police, til the time that the re-organisation of that department was under consuls -1 ation ; but I have heard doubts expressed as to the originality of this, document. The last new feature in the gold excitement on this side of the country, is the reported discovery of the precious metal among the Snowy Mountains at present disputed. I have been told, however, by a gentleman who knows those regions, that it is just a country in which gold may be looked for heavy, i rugged, volcanic, and abounding in quartz and other rocks of primary formation. The gultV'news from your side; however, by to- day's mail, has put everybody here in a tennent. Nothing else, in fact, is talked of. Although there is no actual rise in the price of flour since last week, the honest millers and their brethren are getting it up, and an immediate rise may be looked for. Other provisions too, have an upward tendency, particularly good salted and preserved meats. Live stock is at present low, the demand not being equal to the supply. Herds of cattle were driven to the Diggings, and finding the markets there stocked from the surrounding stations, have been driven on to Sydney, and thus the price has kept low, notwithstanding the re-appearance this season of the cattle epidemic, which committed such ravages last year. This disease, I am glad however to inform you, has as usual amuck milder aspect. "The only arrival to-day, is the Velocity from Hobart Town. There has been no departure. The Alert, which was to have gone out, is most unaccountably still at anchor. Some people hint, that having so large a quantity of gold on board, she is afraid to venture, for fear of encountering some craft with quick heels and a not over honest crew 