SUNDAY, AFTER THE CELEBRA- TION. If you have time at any other part of the day, especially if you cannot be present at Divine Service again, place yourself upon your knees before your Savour, and implore His grace, in the following Collect :— O blessed Jesus, who bast this day made me a partaker of thy Body and Blood, which thy niorey hath given, and my faith hath received into my soul. Grant that 1 may never IOBC the bene6t thereof; but put thou thy fear into my heart, that 1 may keep'those vows and promises which I have this day made to thee in my mind, that 1 may not Bin against thee, lindue me with alt thoBo graces which grow in tby faithful people, through this communion of thy precious Body and Blood, and hereafter, bring me to thine everlasting glory, for thy merits and mercies' sake. Amen. Here you may say againthe Collects for those graces which you most need, or any other prayers from the Prayer-book that yon find useful to you. Then conclude with the Lord'e Prayer, and this blessing:— Tho blessing of God Almighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost be with me, and with all whom God has given me, this day, and for evermore. Amen. A MEDITATION TOR SUKPAV EVEKttfd. Recollect, my soul, where thou hast been, and what thou hast been doing. Thou hast been with the Lord of life; and before God, : angels, and men, thou bast acknowledged Him, and devoted thyself to His obedience. Remember that there may be but a few days, beloro youmuBt appeal at tbe tribunal of lrim. who hath now entertained you at His table. Tho next sight yoa have of Hi.n may bA upon His thront, as Ono that is' ready to judge the quick bid the dead. With what affection has tho death of tho' Lord been now remembered I Hast thou as sincoreiy renounced all thy evil ways, and consecrated thysolf to the life of Christ, as thon hopest to bo saved ? It concerns mo nearly, O my soul, to keep Him ever in my thoughts, .and .to 1 express Him in my life; that when He oomes, Ho may see Himself in me, and behold His Own image in righteousness and true holiness, fairly engraven on my heart, For many will say unto Him ot that day, "Lord, wo have eaten and drunk in thy presence, and thou has taught in our streets;" but Ho will say," I tell you, 1 know not \vhonce yoa are; depart from Me, all ye workers of iniquity.—From Jihhop Patrick. Road tbismeditotion with all care ana soriousneBs, dwelling upon every thought in it, and pausing at the end of each sentence, that the meaning may sinkdeeper into your heart; which indeed you .mnst do, whenever you aro engaged in holy meditation, if you wish for tbe best fruits from it. When you have done, say Let the wordsofmy mouth, and tho meditations of mv heart,be always acceptable iu thy sight, 0 Lord, my Btrength and my Redeemer, At Evening Prayer. Text.—" Ye aro bought with a price; therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God's."—1 Cor, vi. 20. 0 how plentiful is thy goodness, which thou hast laid up for them that fear Thee, aud that Thou hast prepared for them that put their trust in thee! , It was love enough, my Lord ana my Savour, to give thyself for mo on the cross. There thou madest a Sacrifioe sufficient for the sins of the whole world. And yet thou hut done mora than Thou hast wftnght newmiracles of lova, and, as if it were not enough to give Thyself for me on tbe cross, thon hast found out a way to give thyEelf tomo in Tl y holy Sacrament, to become the very (bod,the life, tbe strength, the support of my soul, to become one with me. to oecome tbe very soul of my soul. PraiBe the Lord O my soul, and forget not all His benefits. Praised be the Lord daily, even the (JOS who helpeth ns and poareth His benefi'J upon us Blessed be my strong helper, and praised be the God of my salvation. 1 will love Thee, O Lord my King, I will praise tby Same for ever and ever. Amen. Amen, O gracious Lord, forgive me all my sins, accept all my prayers and praises, supply all my wants, and establish me, through thy grace, in ervcry good word and work. And I pray not for myself a'one: but grant, I beseech Thee, that the hearts of all who have this day received thee moy be ji y- ful and glad in thee ; and give repentance to all those who have despised and rejected thee. Amen. Almighty God, with wfrim do lira the spirits of them that depart hence in the Lord, and with whom the souls of the faithful, after they are delivered from the burden of the flesh, are in joy and felicity; I beseach Thee, that it may please Thee, of thy eracions goodness, shortly to'accomplish the number of thine e'cct, and to hasten thy kingdom; that I, with all those that are departed in tho true faith of thy holy Name, may have my perfect consummation and bliss, both in body and soul, in tby eternal and everlasting glory ; through Jesus Christ our Lord, Amen, Psalm cxvi. Our Father, &o.; [The proper Collect.] [Prayers for particular gracca.J God the Father, &c.; 