' (Bttlttiattital Enteiligenf*. PASTOKAL LETTER OF THE BISHOP OF BEVERLY, John, by the Grace of God, and favour of the Apostolic See, Bishop of Beverley ; to our dearly beloved ini Christ, the Clergy Secular and Regu lar, and the Faithful of our Diocese. Health and Benediction in the Lord. ' Render to Cissar the things that are Caesar's; and to God the things that are God's.'— Matt. xxii.. 21. The Almighty Lord and Ruler of heaven and earth, to whose dominion every creature is subject, has, for the government of mankind, instituted two distinct and separate authorities ; the Civil, for the government of men in everything that relates di rectly to the Divine worship, and the salvation of bouIs; The civil authority was ordained by God, in the original institution of civil society. When the Divine Redeemer appeared on the earth, so far was He from weakening or changing this established order of things, that He confirmed and sanctified it. When founding the sacred establishment of His Church, He declared that His kingdom was not of this world. Though He said that all power was given to Him, in heaven and upon earth, yet He commanded His Apostles and his followers to obey the civil authority of the State— to render to Caesar what belongs to Caesar. He not only enjoined, but also practised this obedience to the civil authority, and even worked a miracle in order to pay the tribute that was due. Be then, my dearly-beloved children in Christ, subject to all that have power over you, to all invested with civil authority ; and be subject, not through fear of punishment, but for conscience sake. Render to all men their dues ; tribute to whom tribute is due, and honour to whom honour is due. Walk, in this respect, dearly beloved children, in the footsteps of the first Chris tians, your fathers in the faith, and your Catholic ancestors in this country, and, like them, show by your conduct how truly dear to the State, and to the civil authorities, our holy religion ought to be ; since it is that religion which makes good and faith ful subjects. Besides this civil authority, of which we have just spoken, there exists another authority — viz.. that which is Ecclesiastical. The Ecclesiastical authority is separate from, and independent of, the civil authority. Their respective spheres of action are distinct and separate. As it does not belong to those invested with Ecclesiastical authority, to direct the aftairs of State ; so it does not belong to those invested with civil authority, to direct the affairs of the Church. The Ecclesiastical authority was instituted by Jesus Christ himself. He did this when He framed the constitution of His Church, and when he appointed the authorities by whom it was to be governed. Whilst our Divine Redeemer ordained that His Church should be extended throughout all the nations of the earth, yet this immense society was still to be holden together, as only one building, resting upon one principal cor ner stone, the supreme but spiritual authority of one great ruler, to whose jurisdiction all other authorities, constituted to govern the different de partments of the Church, were designed to be sub ordinate. Now, there can be no power or authority, either. to preach the Gospel of Christ, to administer the Sacraments, or to rule his flock, save that which was derived from himself. It was not, however, to emperors or kings, not to princes or civil governors; that Christ Jesus communicated this spiritual au thority, but to St. Peter, the chief of the Apostles, to the other Apostles, and to their successors in that sacred authority and ministry which our Divine Redeemer established. It was not to an emperor, hut a poor fisherman, that onr Divine Redeemer said :'— ' I give thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven. Feed my sheep ; feed my lambs.' It was not to the civil sovereigns of states or kingdoms, but to the Apostles, that our Saviour said : — ' Whatever you shall bind or loose on earth, shall be bound and loosed in heaven. All power is given to me in heaven and earth ; go ye and teach all na tions.' See, also, beloved children in Christ, the inde pendent manner in which the Apostles exercised the spiritual authority imparted to His Church by Jesus. Without any kind of commission or permission from the civil Government, these holy men preached the doctrines of their Divine Master, and propagated His sacred institutions through every nation. They established churches, and appointed Bishops in different countries. They made a variety of laws and regulations, for the more exact fulfilment of the injunctions of religion. They ordained and appointed Priests, to co-operate with them. They transmitted to the Bishops, as their successors in the sacred Ministry, the1 same mission and au thority : and to the Bishops and Priests those same doctrines, which they had themselves received from Jesus Christ. Obedient in all temporal things to the civil authorities under whom they lived, they «till considered themselves completely 'independent, m regard to ail those duties which were connected with the discharge of their pastoral functions. The Apostles, and their immediate successors, persisted in performing the functions of their sacred minis try, although forcibly commanded not to do so. They proclaimed that, in persisting to perform ?their spiritual duties, they acted under the imme diate command, and direct appointment, of the Almighty. — Vide Acts of the Apostles, iv., 18, 19. At a much later period — vi«., in the year 870 — we find the independence of the Ecclesiastical au thority publicly and solemnly proclaimed. The Emperor Basil, in the eighth general Council of the Church, addressing himself to the lay persons who were present, at the conclusion of his speech spoke thus s ' I have nothing more to add, save just to remind you that you have no right to determine Ecclesiastical matters. For the cognizance of such matters belongs to the Patriarchs, to the Prelates, and to the Priests, who alone have received the Authority of spiritual jurisdiction ; who alone have the power to administer the grace of sanctification ; the authority to bind or to loosen, and the regula tion of the keys both of the Church and of the kingdom of heaven. We, who are only amongst the sheep of the foTd which is under its rule, we have no right to interfere in their concerns.' — Labbe, Tom. 8, p. 1154. Having, dearly-beloved children in Christ, said thus much that you may clearly distinguish between that authority which is civil, and that authority which is Ecclesiastical, we now beg to direct your kind attention to the immediate object of this our Pastoral. We sincerely and wannly congratulate you, on the happy restoration to England of her long-lost and anxionsly -desired Ecclesiastical Hierarchy. The Hierarchy is a sacred power — a power instituted by Jesus Christ, and delivered by Him to His Apostles and their successors, to rule the Church, and to celebrate the Divine mysteries. The Son of God, becoming by His incarnation our High Priest, when going to exercise in heaven His Divine Priesthood, in a manner becoming the majesty of a God man, substituted in His place on earth His Apostles, and the Bishops their succes sors, and invested them with the same plenitude of the priesthood which He had exercised during His mortal life. The Apostles, in receiving from the Son of God the plenitude of the Priesthood, received at the same time a power and command, not only to confer that plenitude upon their suc cessors, the Bishops, but also to distribute it in such different degrees to the respective ministers as should be necessary for the good order, the well-being, and the government of the Church. It was, then, by the command of our Divine High Priests, that His Apostles ordained, for the sacred ministry and the government of His Church, Bis hops, Priest, and Deacons — that Hierarchy emana tino* from, and still connected with, aiir snvpr^iori High Priest in heaven. ' The Bishops placed at the head of the Hierarchy,' says a learned theolo gian, ' being the images and vicars of Jesus Christ on earth possess the plenitude and perfec tion of the Christian Piiesthood.' 'The Episco pacy,' says the author, ' is a spiritual sovereignty $ hence no Bishop has been, nor will be consecrated to whom at his consecration a diocese is not then assigned. Priests and deacons are ordained, with out any subjects being assigned to them, or juris diction given to them. But a Bishop, receiving all the plenitude of the royal priesthood of Jesus Christ, being His lieutenant on eaath, he cannot receive his Episcopal consecration without re ceiving, at the same time, that jurisdicion and spiritual sovereignty which are inseparable from the Episcopal character.' 'The Church,' says St. Crysostome, ' cannot exist without Bishops ; as a body cannot exist without a soul, which, possessed of life itself, gives life to all the members of the body.'1 We have endeavoured, at some length, dearly uciuvcu tuuuieu in vurisv, rauier xo instruct tn an exhort you in this our Pastoral. We feel fully as sured that yon participate in the joy and exuljta tion of the Catholic body of England at the happy restoration of our long-lost Hierarchy. Whilst, with grateful hearts, you join your brethren throughout the kingdom in blessings up' to heaven God who has prospered you, fail not to pray for his Holiness, Christ's Vicar on earth, that his reign over the Church may no longer be sorrowful, but happy. Pray, too, fervently and frequently for us, to whom this portion of our Lord's vineyard is entrusted, that we may endeavour to imitate the zeal and piety of our sainted predecessors in this diocese. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. f John, Bishop of Beverley. Given at York, the Octave of All Saints, in the year of Our Lord one thousandeighthuiidred and fifty. 