TUESDAY M3ORNING, DECE.IUER 2. " 'rut not:' w?oll his ,ixperimnce S?sy "Captain or conrade with your prey ; Bit seek seine chrnuel, when, at tidl, The moon gilds skeleton and skull There di s mul tomb your precious heap, Sure stewards they, if fitting, spell Their service to the task compel: T Lcks there such charnel ?-kill a slam Or prisoner, on the treasure grave; And bid his discontented ghost Stalk nighitly on his lonely post:'.. The tiimes have changed, and men have changed with them, since Bertram of Risiughianm recorded the method by which he supposed [Iorthdm had secured his " iron-banded chests." There were no "safe investnments" in those days, and the business of banking was only emerg ing from its pasu-broking state. If a gold digger were now-a-days to ask for asdviec how to dispose of the proceeds of his toil, fifty persons might point out fifty different nsys, without dreaming of the old fashioned one of committing the dust to the custody of a ghost, or even of building a donjon-keep, with moat and portcullis, to keep off marauders. As the methods of disposing of riches are now improved, so may we hope that their accumulation will not lead .to the social evils which the writers of a former age invariably attributed to their posses sion. The "accursed thirst for gold"' has, like many other passions, undergone a wonderful modification. The end will not justifyt the means, where the means are bad ; but the application will sanctify the instrument, and where gold is applied te a noble purpose, the gratification of the " thirst" is no longer "accursed." he:ce our hope that the discovery of the gold is a matter for congratulation rather than regret. Considering the tempta ti:-ns which are sure to beset a man who has suddenly risen from poverty to the enjoyment of wealth, we must say that the lucky diggers have done nothing to show that their good fortune is unde served. Nevertheless, many of them must feel puzzled ho.v to manage their store. To hoard the gold is folly; to sell the gold, and hoard the bank notes is worse. Neither is there any necessity for imme diately rushing into some speculation. Of all the numerous doors which are open for the receipt of the digger's cash, per haps the Savings' Bank is the least ob jectionable. The interest is paltry, but sure; and whatever other speculations a poor man may feel disposed to enter into, it would be well for him to leave areserve in the Savings' Bank, to which he can have recourse at any hour of need. Not only would the individual digger be benefited by such a bestowal of his gains, but the community would share in his good fortune; the money would be re invested through the medium of the banks, whose coffers would be replenished, and the purchase of gold, and the process of realising upon its shipment by the system of advances, would be carried on with less fear of a dead lock. 