Police. Connubial Discipline. — A man named Edward Lewis, who deemed it necessary ..to visit , his . wifo with some wholesome discipline, after the maimer of the Chinese, pleaded guilty to having done so in tho public street, and thereby not only breaking Ins better linlPs spirit, but tho public pcaco also. District Constable Sharp informed tho Magistrate that Lewis's wife came to him for protection, fearing a cas- tigation; defendant was in tho habit of getting drunk, but tho wifo was a sober woman. The Police Magistrate told Lewis, ho was half tipsy, when ho camo to him tho other day to complain of her, , Dofendant assured his worship his wifo was a very naughty woman — fond of patrolling the streets. Both parties being prisoners of tho Crown, Lewis was sentenced' to a month s hard labor, and his wifo Boiit. to the factory. A journeyman son of St. Crispin, named Joseph Graham, was sont to ' Splitudo and short Commons' for four days, for absenting liimsclf from his 'stall' without his master's permission. ' 1 Brown v. Kirby. — Mr. Wynne applied to his worship on Thursday, respecting an information case by" District Constable Brown, against a woman named Jane Kirby, for harbouring Julia Rogers a passholder, on the 12th April. The defendant was sitting in the office in a state of severe illness ; he (M. Wynne) had her in his service some years ago, and could speak of her as being very honest, but very, poor. Mr. Wilmot inquired for Mr. Brown, .the informant, but 'was told he had gone to Bagdad in a cab, on im portant business. Mr. District Constable Sharp, at the suggestion of tho Bench, then withdrew the information and the poor woman ( who appeared to be nearly bent double with disease)-was assisted from the office. , Tun Ghost of Siddons.— Calhhrine Fitzgerald, an old hag, notorious for many bail' qualities nn able elocu tionist, "but cortainly a" nuisance to all tho Licensed Victuallers who may liappen to bo favored with, her patronage, wiis then plnceu at the bar to answdr ah in formation preferred by Josiali Hands, of- tho " Wator- lnan's Arms, Liverpool and Argylo streets, for being an idle and disorderly person, found in his enclosed yard between six and seven o'clock on Wednesday evening for tho purpose of committing folony. . 1 Tho case being prpvod, Kitty began a scroachingnoiso peculiar to herscll, with a view to excite coiiiinissera- tion, and exhibit some of tho more tender qualities of her forninino nature. ' , ... Mr. Hands told tho Magistrate sho was ono of tho greatest pests in Ilobart Town. Defendant (screaching) : I only camo out of the House of Correction yosterday youi worship, and intend to go up tho country. Mr. Hands said ho had frequently given her monoy to got her out of tho house ; her conduct and language! wero so disgraceful. Dofendant : Tho Lord forgivo you your sins, to say that of a poor disabled old womau liko inc. (Another fit of visual hydraulics.) , . Polico Magistrate : Come, come, that's only put on ; any one can seo that. i District Constable Sharp remarked, that sho got her living by thieving and prostitution. When asked if sho had any witnesses, dcfoiidant lifted up her hands, turned, her oyes upwards as dying ducks aro said to do, and cxclaiificd with a kind of Siddonian emphasis " l'vo no witnesses but tho Almighty God." Three months' at tho wash-tub. Several of tlio following' cases wero heard by F. A. Downing, lisq., J.P., in conjunction with tlio Polico Magistrate : — A" Fleecing " Case .—Joseph Costello was sentenced to twelvo months' hard labor, for entering tho back yard of tlio " Golden Fleece," in ElizabetlirStreet, ami stealing a bundle containing a pair of trowsors and waistcoat, belonging to James Braekoy, tlio servant there. Ho was observed to lcavo tlio ynrd by Constablo Render, who followed and apprehended liiiti, taking frohi his hands tho bundlo in quostion, which ho claimed as his own. In defence, tho prisoner snid ho was requested by a sawyer that lie was acquainted with, to curry it for him to a craft at the wharf; and said the man's name was Cornelius. Several of tho Constables remarked that they wan'tcd Cornelius as an absconder. Constable Ridge further informed their worships that this defendant and several of his mates had been seen on tlio afternoon of the rob bery going up Argvle-strcct, and stealing clothes off a line. Difficult to Fit. — On Wednesday morning about half-past 8, a woman entered the shop of Mr. Burnett, general dealer, in Collins-strcot; and at her request was shown some' shoos; she tried on sovoral pairs, but at last was leaving tlio shop without making a purchase. Mrs. Burnett suspected all was not right, and took her by tlio arm, when a couplo of pairs of expensive cloth boots fell from her shawl, and sho, was given into cus tody. The boots wero worth 7s. a pair. Sho remarked that the boots must have followed liorl On Thursday, the accused, who turned out to bo ono Mary Clifford, a tickot-of-leavo holder by tlio John Calvin, was tried under tho Summary Jurisdiction Clauso, and sentonced to eighteen months' hard labor, and then to reside in tho country ; tlio woman pro testing, as usual, that sho was ' as uinocont as tho child unborn.' Development of Ciiaiiactfr. — James Shearer, a bolter from tlio sorvico of . Mr. Twyman, tho tailor, was son- tcnced to eighteen months' hard labor in chains, '.for stoalirig from his master when ho absconded on tlio 23rd April two pairs of trowsers, a coat, and other arti cles, somo of which lie sold to a small sliopkcoper in Liverpool-street ; but when apprehended lie wore liis master's coat and hat. , ' Ho pleaded intoxication, which Mr. Wilmot said was no oxcuso; true ' character frequently developed itself whon a man was drunk. ' . , Detective Barber : He was sober enough to soli thorn, ho was going out of tho colony. Probationer!' Regul ations.— A probnti oil or ' ticket,' named Nevinys nYuis Evans, in tho omploy of a baker at Now Town, was charged with stealing a £1 note, but, was returned to his scrvico for want of proof. , / . , -Tlio master wanted to got rid of him, but Mr Wilmot. said ho had no power to veturn-hiin to tlio service of; Government; if tho applicant choso, ho himself could givo him a .pass, according to tho regulations, and send , him into tho Barracks. William Watchoru, Esq., J.P., on" Friday "assisted tho Polico Magistrate in hearing the following : — ; > Hired Servants and Contracts.-- Goss y. Vigors. An information for £1, wages/ : i ') Defendant informed tho Bonch that ho paid Goss and another £15 for completing n dam. As it was found to ;leak, ho agreed subsequently to give them £1 to, stop it, at the end of a month, but it still leaked. ' . , , Complainant admitted .that'; such was the arrange ment, but tho job was finished and tho dam did not leak. _ . : Dismissed, tho case not boing within tho Servants' Act. . . ... «..« Bowman v. Robson. Dismissed complainant, to pay costs, parties not appearing. Hill y. Gheeseman. Thosamo, No complainant. Triple Complaint.— William Wheeler, f.s. aged 50, dressed in a blue shirt, and a strong well-built man, was charged by D. C. Thomas with being drunk, dis- turbing the peace, and assaulting constable, Baskett, at half-past 10 on Thursday night. '. Mr. Weymouth— How do you plead? Defendant— Oh— guilty; it's no use pleading any other way than one ! (Laughter.) Tho witnesses stated he was a charcoal-burrner, and was apprehonded for shouting and knocking, at doors, upon which he kicked Baskett in the head while he was stooping to assist in parrying him to the station. Fined 5s. for being drunk, 5s. for disturbing the peace, and £1 for the assault ; or one month in default of payment. A Point of Conscience ! — Mary Spicer, an eccentric specimen of female propriety, who has conceived a mor tal antipathy to " traps " of any lower grado than " districts," was on Thursday charged with vagrancy on tho complaint of a painter of tho name of Pcarcc. The usual written information having boon prepared, Mr- Pearco was requested to talco the Biblo to do sworn, but refused to do so oil tho ground that it was forbidden in tho Now Testament. Attor somo little cgllqnuy be tween liirn and the clork, tho matter was referred to his worship, who had boon engaged for the .momont in signing somo document. Mr. Wilmot : — Aro you in your right senses ? - Mr. Pearco : — Porfectlyso. . ." . Mr. Wilmot : — Thou why refuse to do what tho.law requires? Mr. Pcarcc: — I believo tl;o law of the Lord Jesus Christ forbids swearing. " , ; , ; Mr. Wilmot asked who, and what Pearco; was? 1 Mr. Pearco :— 1 am a Wesleyan, and believo in the in ow Testament. ./'I Mr. Wihnot: — But tho Wesleyans do not refuse to bo sworn ; you ouglit not to set your opinion above so many other people. ' ., r . Mr. Pearco: — I may bo the only. Wesleyan in the colony who refuses to take ah oath, but I can't consci entiously do it. . . Mr. Woym'outh remarked that he believed Mr. Pearco was sincere. . Mr. Wilmot : — Yes, I don't say lie's not sincere, but lio's singular. I am bound to tell you, Mr. Pearco, that if you, wero u tho Supremo Court you would be obliged to bo sworn. ' < , Mr, Pearco I'm prepared to take all the consc- . quouccs : I can't take the oath : it's oxprossly forbidden , to Christian mon. I hadn't always these scruples,, but that is my honest conviction. Tho woman, Spiccr (who hearing the discussion of ' tho point in dobato, with which she thought alio had iiq coiicorn, had quietly squatted . down on the floor), wri's then informed sho wns discharged, and giving' a knowing wink to tho District Constablo slio- retired from the. bar. . 