CLASS LEGISLATION. [From the Weekly Dispatch, August 4, 1850.] 'IN the insane saturnalian fever time of Ste phens, Oastler, and Feargus the First (and we hope Last also), the cuckoo cry of " Class Legislation," parrotted by pike and bludgeon Chartism, indisposed thinking men to ex amine the grievance, from their contempt for the men who repeated it with the" dam nable iteration" of the prosiest patriotism. We are not among the number of those who '"won't serve God because the Devil bids us," else, ashamed of our company, we might be induced to say nothing of their conversa tion. ' The phrase is not a mere mob-cry. It is, in fact, scarcely expressive of the chief ,,grievance of the multitude. We think states men and senators have the greatest reason to complain of class legislation. They are its unwilling instruments and its most implicit tools. The broadest views, the noblest aspi rations, the wisest foresight, are dragged from-their native altitude by the sordid ne cessities of party dictation, and the meanest considerations of present and pressing inter ests. ," An eagle towering in his pride of ,pljice is by this mousing owl hawked at and rlled." Canning's heart was broken, Peel's sunset was clouded, Russell's wane is blurred, by this organised anarchy of orders, classes, and interests. * * * * * *, * * T::'Tithes, Church-rates, surplices, cathedral closes, rectories, deaneries, shriek at the ad -:..vent of the glaring day-the Church has .votes, and the votes are not dead, or impar tial, or indifferent. Money, livings, incum .branches, depepd upon them-selfishness is Sactive, while independence sleeps, and the ruler is ruled by the votes, in place of go v- : .verning by his rights. 'What 1ebler.aspi ?ration of statesmanship thanr to extend"lhe \- blessings of knowledge to all the subjects of his Queen's dominion, to make education inational, to open the great seminaries of "learning to the masses of the people, and make instruction as common as air or water. This ought to be, and perhaps is, the ambi tion, as it is the duty, of every statesman who desires to serve his sovereign faithfully, anid to make her reign illustrious. Here again he is arrested, not by the people, not by public opinion, not by any suggestion of policy or prudence. He moves for a com mission to inquire into the Universities, and every dictate of justice, of wisdom, of public duty, is postposed to the naked considera tion of votes. The Church conspires with ::.Colleges, and the Colleges plot with the C'hurch-noses are counted, and the poll and the hustings are pitted against duty and jus tice, and the Minister is assured by those. `' ::'whom he. dare not disoby, that he cannot 'afford to keep a conscience-that it is .en :'tirely absurd for him to pretend to legislate merely according to the suggestions of his c'Convictions-that he must not be " too fond of the right to pursue the expedient;" and ',that the expedient means their interest, ,"y because their interest means votes. An elec tion occurs for the county of Mayo. The I.population of the county is 388,857 souls. The whole number of electors is only 250, .or about one in 1,500. To -remedy this in some small degree, Ministers proposed in a population of eight millions of souls, to in crease the constituency so as to give one elector to every thirty-two of the population. The whodl of the 40s. freeholders of Ireland :had been most scandalously disfranchised, \- .while those of England had been preserv-d in their rights. Our fellow-electors in the .sister kingdom had been thus unscrupulously .'robbed by the great sticklers for established :rights and the traditions of the constitution. The Lords Spiritual and Temporal, who :ought properly to have no title whatever to 're~gulate the franchise of the people, do not choose to mitigate the flagrant wrong origin .ally committed in the extinction of the free holders by the very partial remedy of the 'Minister; and against a long and careful "debate, and a very large majority in the 'House of Commons, the Second Estate, have ignominiously and insolently ventured to 'double the qualification, itself is two high, dixed by the representatives of the people, and returned upon their .hands a mangled and-be-devilled Bill, of which the Govern Sment have beeoon mean-spirited enough to propose, in substance, the acceptance, with only a few slight modifications to veil the obsequiousness of their subserviency. The enmity of these Lord Tomnoddys at the citizens of London seems to be as marked as their contempt for Ministers, and their de termination to force the Queen to hand over to them the choice of her servants. They will neither permit them to choose their representatives, nor so much as to enjoy the humble privilege of supplying their own gas. They have contemptuously ignored the elec tion of Baron Rothschield twice, and the decision of the Commons in favour of Jewish emancipation practically three times ; ind although an able Special Committee, under the presidency of Mr. Edward Cardwell, after an inquiry which lasted nine days, unanimously found the preamble of the Great Central Gas Bill proved, the Lords stopped the leading of evidence, and the little Tommy Thumb Chairman, with an imperial on his chin, who rejoices in the title of the Earl of Morley, with a pursed mouth and a poor imitation of sneering in dependence, at once threw out the measure without a word of comment or the ghost of a reason. The masses of the people, nay, even the masses of the electors, do not, in fact, rule the House of Commons. It is a series of classes and of interests who threa ten Members with the withdrawal of support, and dare Ministers to refuse them any thing they require, who, in quite and ordinary times, in the absence of the convulsion of excitement, bully the representative and ruling bodies, and. vindicate their own in terest against the claims of the public rights. It is not merely the general privileges of the people, but the power of Ministers to donsult:im.partially the ends of good govcrn mert, which requires protection against this intolerable spirit of class dictation; and the only practical way of rendering rulers inde pendent, and placing parliament in a posi tion which may defy the threats of those who thrive by misgoverment, it to open the franchise so widely as to render the number of those classes of electors, who now conspire to enforce the exclusive promotion of their own interests, so insignificant in comparison to the numbers of the whole constituency, as to make their defection or antagonism of small moment 'to a senator who can rely with confidence on the support of the great body of electors. If the Irish register is to be left as the aristocracy have resolved to fashion it, 105 seats in the British House of Commons will be more rotten and corrupt than Gatton or Old Sarum, and the Reform Bill will have been practically repealed. To rule a great country, not upon general prin ciples of polity and broad grounds of right and expediency, but according to the fancied interests of classes, and at the bidding of associated selfish guilds, is, in truth, a sort of organized anarchy, a conspiracy of self seekers, a mere democracy of distracted councils and heterogeneous, often antagonis tic, sources of legislation. In truth to extend the franchise, is to get rid of the dictation of class democrats, as poison is rendered in nocuous by being sufficiently diluted. It is to enable the plain convictions of the Senate to have free course. It is to tntie the hands of Ministers, and enable them to govern for .the whole people, in place of their being compelled to be mere instruments of ruling according to the fancies of selfishness, and the short-sighted rashness of a grasping avarice. At a time when powerful Barons crushed the people and overawed the Crown, the only practicable devise by which the first and third estates could make head against the ascendancy of the second, was by incorporating the commonalty into crafts, or guilds, with eharters of protection from the Crown, whereby the helplessness of indivi duality in the hands of feudalism, was con verted into the strength and power of asso ciations, fortified with Royal privileges and and immunities, thereby enabled to become rich, and through wealth, to acquire influ ence and political representation. But all the pecular standing rights of freemen and burgesses have been most properly abolished. Free trade has further put an end to the monopolies of protected interests. The masses of the people, in the most gigantic empire in the world depond, for their pros perity, wealth, and progress, upon their own skill and industry, and upon the natural, expansion of the enterprise, intelligence, and productive energy of the nation. The relation which corporations, protected inter ests, privileged classes, now bear to the vast aggregate of British subjects is ridiculously small and disproportionate by its insignifi cance; and it is only in Parliament, and by the absurd distribution of the franchise, that in so mighty a kingdom the Senate is still but the tool of active, intriguing, selfish and jobbing interests, who pour the whisper of a faction into the ears of representatives, and compel them to postpone the interests of the many, who are too lazy and too indifferent to look sharply after the public rights, to the dictation of the few incorporated classes or privileged incumbents of corruption, who are sharp .enough and indusf?ious enough to busy themselves in the protection of the " craft by which they have their wealth." The qualifications of electors have stopped just at the point at which the intrigues, strikes, and combinations of interested and selfish classes may overawe, by the propor tion they bear to the whole of a £ 10 consti tuencv, the representation who would other wise desire to legislate on the broad basis of right and general good. The franchise just includes the tenant serfs of powerful land lords, and excludes the little tradesmen, or the intelligent private, gentlemen whose rents in small country places, do not reach £50. It embraces all the occupants of inns and beershops, without giving any voice to their customers. It lets in all the dissenting clergy, and their leading supporters in the boroughs, but excludes the anti-sectarian skilled airtizans, respectable labourers, and the minor jobbing handicraftsmen. It admits the parson, the clerk, the undertaker, the parasite doctor, and the obsequious at torney, to bully government about the Church, the Medical Bill, the Attorney's Certificate, and the County Court, but shuts the door upon the flock, the patients, and the clients, who could by their votes em bolden an honest- Statesman to cut down Bishops' livings, to appropriate surplus revenues, to open the practice of physic and surgery, to protect the revenue against im proper excision, in order to give relief by fiscal partiality, and to make law cheap and bring justice to every man's door. There is a far more pernicious democracy within the pale of the constitution than without it the many-headed monter of self interests the hydras of privileges, corporations, exclu sive charters, and abused corporate trusts and public charities. The farmers and their ruffian mouthpieces have declared that, to regain their privilege of starving the people they are ready to fight for a bread tax, and to mount their horses and ride Free Trade down. These blusterous chaw-bacons have all votes, while their victims, whose suff rages might enable the Minister to bid their threats defiance, are banished beyond the garden of political Eden that they may never more eat of the forbidden fruit of power. The. Premier has promised to in troduce a measure for largely extending the franchise, and it remains to be seen whether the people have spirit and energy sufficient to support him. It is obvious from his recent declaration on the subject of the Irish franchise, that within the House of Com mons nothing will be done to compel the consent of the House of Peers to an exten sion of the suffrage, while it is obvious from their rejection of the £8 qualification, that nothing but what George Selwyn called " a little persuasive force," will operate to over come their constitutional scruples. Whether the measure will be carried in one or in ten years, will depend solely upon the urgency and resoluteness with which the commo nalty address themselves to the work of proving to the Minister that the nation neither desire nor can tolerate the continu ance of an unreformed House of Peers. We think if Reformers from England and Scot land would combine to organize an agitation in Ireland to secure to the Radical interest the whole of the 105 seats for that kingdom, they would carry Household Sufferage, Vote by Ballot, and Triennial Parliaments in three years. But if the aristocracy are to be thoroughly beaten, Irishmen, must, for a time, be contented to stand aside, and return Saxon, and not Celtic, representatives, so 'that Toryism may be confronted, not by Hibernians, but by sturdy Britons of their own breed. If we had 150 William Wil liamses.in Parliamant, we should hear no more, either of the veto of the Lords, or the. squeamish constitutional scruples of Lord John Russell. 