LOCAL INTELLtGENCE. COACH LICENSE.—Mr Benjamin Hyrons has obtained a license, (on the 3rd inst.) for a stage Coach, to be called the Royal Mail, to run between Hobart Town and Launceston. 'J HE NEW YORK SEEKNADERS.— This talented company of vocalists and musicians re-appeared at the Victoria Theatre on Monday night last, and wane received with great applause. Tbe night was wet, bnt nevertheless there was a good attendance of vistas. As usual these gentlemen displayed great talents. This evening they will give a Farewell Concert, prior to their departure in the Royal Saxon which will for Calcutta immediately. Those »bo hare not heard the New YorisSerenaders should not loose the opportunity of visiting the Victoria Theatre Uus evening for they may never have asoilwr dance of hearing such, a com JU»»- tion of talent in this colony. - CAMPBELL TOWN.—Odd Fellow, ship.—'l?hc officers of the Cornwall Lodge, -together with several of the brethren, left town on Wednesday morning for the. purpose of opening a Lodge of Odd Fellowship, under the title of the Loyal Somerset Lodge, O. F., M. U., at Campbell Town. On arrival there, they were .met by tiie intended brethren, ivheri they proceeded to the house ofMrs. Reene,wherethe Lodge is to be held, and after taking some refreshment, proceeded to open the new Lodge. The applicants were then admitted, and the lodge adjourned until after dinner. The dinner was .furnished by Mrs Keene in a most recherche. style, and the iviqes were of first-rate quality. The lodge opened at 7 o'clock, when the election of officers took place ; the whole proceedings were carried on with that unanimity which always characterises the doings of the Odd Fellows. Among the toastB of the evening were the health of Iier Majesty, the Prince Albert and Itoyal Family— His Excellency the Governor, as one who endeavoured to promote the best interests of the colony—The prosperity of the new Lodge—The district Officers, -and the Officers of the Loyal Cornwall liodge, &C.;, fee. Anjong the gentlemen admitted, we noticed Mr. James Lord, of Quorn Hall, Mr. Kelts way, and Mr. Valentine, of RosS; also Mr. Skene, pf Campbell Town, and several others. The convivialities were kept up with spirit, and terminated witli satisfaction to all engaged. — Cornwall Chronicle of Saturday last. DISTRICT CONSTABT.ES.—PROMO- TIONS AND EXCHANGES.—From (the Government Gazette of yesterday. Mr. Robert Evans,District Constable, District of Brighton, vice Mr. Richardson, from the oth instant. Mr. John Smith, Distinct Constable, District of Fingal, vice Mr. Itobort Evans, from the 6th ditto. Mr. John Barber, District Constable at Avoca, vice Mr. John Smith, from the 6th ditto. WANTON OUTRAGE.—Last Thursday night, shortly after 11 o'clock, private John Grimes, 99th Begt., was proceeding along Bathurst-strect, when a fellow came up and struck him over the left eye, which knockcd Grimes down and cut his h»ad in two places. The soldier cried lustily for help, when the cowardly assailant endeavoured to make his escape, but was apprehended by Constable Goldsmith, who placed him in durance vile. The name of the fellow turned out to be William Thompson, who was brought up at the Police Court oil Friday last, before the Police Magistrate, and Wm. Watchorn, Esq., J. P., when the foregoing was sworn to, and Thompson fined £4 for the assault, aud in default of payment two mouths hard labour.' CORONER'S INQUESTS.—During the last few days there were no less than fice inquests in Hobart Town, viz.:— On the 31st ult., au enquiry took place at the Jtising Sun, Bathurst-strect, as to the cause of the death of Ann Conn, •who, it. appeared from the evidence, died from "Natural Causes." On Monday, the 3rd inst., another inquest was held at the Gordon Castle, on view of the body of a man named William Bishop, who, it appeared from the medical gentleman who attended him, died from " Apoplexy." On the same afternoon, another inquest took place at the TFalerman's Amis, on the body of a boy named John Kelly, who had been accidentally brunt to death, at his' residence, Cascade l!oad, when a verdict to that effect was returned. At the Female House of Correction, on Thursday last, two inquests were held on the bodies of two prisoners of the crown, Mary Bro.vn, and Emma l'uls- "ford, in both cases verdicts of death from " Natural Causes" were returned. A WORD IN TIME.—We have it from good authority that a clerk in the convict department, so far forgets his duty, as to supply Mr. E. Kemp with information, respecting the characters of men who have once been prisoners. We know that the character of a certain school-master in this town is about to be attacked by means of materials supplied from that source, and what we now say we can piove, as our informant, who is a most respectable young man, has been spoken to on the subject by the dastardly colonial slanderer himself. How we have discovered who the party is who so disgraces himself as to supply fuel to the slanderous engiue ofColliusstreot, and we give a fair warning that the very first time any attack of the kind is made, we shall consider it our duty to bring the name of the delinquent under the notice of the Governor. JERUSALEM—On Weducsday night last, a large portion of the most respectable inhabitants of Jerusalem and its vicinity, assembled at The Jerusalem Inn to present Mr. D. C. Beckley with a written Testimonial, expressive of the satisfactory manner in which he had performed his duty for the time he had been stationed there, a period of nearly seven years, congratulating him on his promotion to Both well, and regretting his removal from amongst them.—The evening was spent with the greatest hilarity, and-the company did not separate until daylight. THE FIRST OF IT.—PJUVATE letters have been received in Melbourne from both England and Scotland stating, that the news of the discovery of Gold in New South Wales had been received at Home, and lmd produced a great sensation. Thousands of persons of all classes were about to -sail for the Colony ; and the stir and excitement, amonglhe Highlands iu particular, were extreme.—M. M. Herald, Nov. 1. THE LATE D. C. GOLDSMITH.— We are glad to learn that the hint we threw out for n collection to assist the •widow and ot-phans of this late much respected public officer, is likely to be crowned with success, as subscription lists are now being taken about and lew,if any,irefuse to.nid so laudable an effort to assist a" helpless woman with four young UMC children. CII11UIUU. When " U«='» the collection I.U1IVV..UU closed «ve shall publish the list of POET-OFFICE RECEIVING HOUSES. —We .are happy} to learn that the Post-Master- General is about to establish " branch" Post-Offices, or receiving bouses, in various parte of Hobart Lown, from the 1st January, 1852, for the convenience of those who reside any distance from the General Post-Office. 1 Jus will prove a public benefit, an^ one that will be appreciated. The Ijostmbh are also to carry a hell from the above date, which will be occasionally rung, as they go round 'our city. I be foregoing arrangements are to commence in Launceston at the same period. We hope the pay of the clerks, postmen, and messengers will he increased, as their duties now are, to a great extent, from the foregoing date; for if we expect men to perform a responsible public duty, honestly and efficiently, we should pay them for their services iu a liberal manner, which the funds of the Post-Office can well afford to do. NOVEL APPLICATION OF GUTTA PERCHA.—A pateut has been obtained by Mr. E. Truman, 0r No. 40, Haymarket, for a method of fixing artificial teeth into a preparation ofGutta Percha, made to resemble as closely as possible, in colour, texture, and consistence, the natural gums. The substance of the Gutta Percha,, jvhilst iu-asoftened state, produced by heat, is made to fit closely to the mouth, and by its pliability enters into every interstice, depression or projection of the jaws, and the processes of the teeth, so that no cavity in which air is contained is left unfilled. The result is that the artificial gum clings to the natural gum with a tenacity that requires great force to remove it, and the artificial teeth can be used for mastication, Sec. The principle iB a simple one, and is exemplified by the common experiment of placing a piece of wet leather upon the smooth surface of a stone, when it will he seen how closely it clings to it. The adaptation of Gutta Percha to this purpose will avoid the use of metallic plates in the mouth, and prevent many evils known to arise fom the use of baBO metals. THE DEMONSTRATION DEBT.— The Committee of the Demonstration Dinner and the public generally, are requested to read an advertisement in our columns of this-day, signed " Charles Gaylor" in which a just demand is made for a debt contracted by several respectable citizens, who acted for and on behalf of the Inhabitants of Van Diemen's Land. But it is only proper to add that Mr. Gaylor is not the only claimant on the Demonstration Committee. Why docs not the Committee at once meet and take some" steps for the immediate collection of funds to wipe off this long standing disgrace on the people of Hobart Town f On Wednesday, 12th February, the day on which the Demonstration took place, we well remember certain gentlemen wearing rosettes and showing off in the presence of Sir W. T. Dcnison and other distinguished visitors, as stewards, who now keep in die back ground when a little time aud exertion are required to pay for what they then took 60 much pride iu. We hope this is the last time we shall feel it our duty to notice this unpleasant matter, for wc are sure if the Committee were to go round Hobart Town in a body, sufficient funds would soon be collected to pay off all claims. CAUTION TO PRISONERS. —On Sunday afternoon last, five prisoners of the Crown,"were fouud in the Ilhaier's Return, New Wharf, drinking, viz.— Wm. Owen, Alex. Duff,'Peter Sherrie, Edward Cailine and Edward Reeves. They were charged with the offence, by D. C. Farrcll on Monday last, at the Police Office, when the offence was clearly proved, for which they were severally sentenced to 7 days hard labour. A prisoner named Fryer, received a similar sentence for being found on Sunday afternoon in the Helpme-through-flie- JI'orld, public house. CRICKET.—V. D. LAND AND VICTORIA.—The Secretary to the M. C.C. yesterday received the subjoined letter, which will be brought under the consideration of the club at a general meeting to be held on the ground on Saturday next. As the subject is of some importance to the sporting world, we trust there will be a good muster on the occasion:— " Launceston, Van Diemen's Land, 30th October, 1851, "Sir,—I am directed by the Launceston Cricket Club, on behalf of the gentlemen cricketers of Van Diemen's Land to inform you, in reference to tho return match to be played between them and the gentlemen of Victoria, that although they would feel the greatest pleasure in being able to meet the "Victorians" on their own ground, they fear that many circumstances exist which will prevent them sending over so good an eleven as they feel sure the Victorians' would wish to contest, the game with; and consequently they are induced to throw themselves on the Victorians' generosity, and, request the favour and pleasure of their coming over here again, if such an arrangement can be made without trespassing on their time and convenience. Should this, however, not meet the wishes of the Victorian gentlemen, the gentlemen of Van Diemen's Land will feel bound to send over an "eleven" to play the returned match, as first proposed. " I am Sir, " Your obedient Servant, " W.A. ROLES, " lion. Sec. L. C. dub. " To the Hon. Secretary of " The Melbourne Cricket Club." " P.S.—We are happy to state that our cricket ground will be in first-rate order this season.—W.R." ROBBERY AT SANDY BAY.—Last week the bouse of Mr. John Hornby was entered and^tbej following goods stolen:—1 pair white drill trousers, 1 black cloth waistcoat, 1 silk waistcoat, aud a yellow silk handkerchief. On Tuesday, (yesterday,) a woman was apprehended with the above goods in her possession. She will be brought up at the police court this day. . BURGLARY.—On Saturday night last, the house of Lieut. Augustus Lochnen, 99th Regt., was entered by a window in the passage when seem £1 . n°tes were stolen, DOUBLE BAWIEL GUN FOUND.— Last week two sons of Mr. Miller, Wood-Turner, Argyle-street found a double barrel gnu in the Greek at the rear of the Mogul, corner of Argyle and Collins-streets. THE BONNINGTON KOBBERY.— Tlie men charged with the robbery of property belonging to Mi-. Smith, of Bennington, were committed for trial on Saturday last, - - FARRELL t>. WEIR.—This was an information laid by D. C. Farrell (yesterday at the police court,) against Catherine Weir, who keeps a boarding bouse in Trafalgar-place, Macquarie-st., for harbouring a prisoner of the crown, named Thomas Atkinson, in her house oil the 6lli inst. Mr. Brewer appeared id "Not December last, during which time he lodged in the house of the defendant, but in consequence pf not attending the last general muster, he lost the indulgence of his ticket: it appeared, also, that lite man had beeu out whaling and returned to Hobart Town, when he took lodgings with the defendant, who supposed him to be free. Mr. Brewer called the attention of the bunch to tho stringency of the Act under which ihe present information was laid. The bench considered that a fine of 5s., together with the costs would meet the justice of the case. The fine was paid and the costs, when the defendant left the office. THORPE V. HARBOTTLE.—Yesterday, at the police court, Mr. Thorpe, inspector of weights and measures,summoned the defendant iu this case, to answer the charge of having four deficient weights in his possession at his shop in Elizabeth-street, Hobart Town, on the 5th Nov., inst, Mr. Charles ITarbottle, son of of the defendant, appeared and pleaded guilty, but accounted for the deficiency of the weights by the fact that they were frequently washed and scraped for the purpose of getting the paint off. The bench sentenced the defendant to pay 5s. for each deficient weight, and costs. The weights to be destroyed. ROBBERY AT THE WHITE HILLS. —On Friday last, an industrious man named Michael Bryan, in the service of Mr. Thos. Bdrker, was robbed of two £5 notes; three £1 notes; a bill for £21 7s., drawn by Thos. Barker, in favour of Michael Bryan; also various articles of clothing. The police have such imformation as we hope will lead to the apprehension of the thief. BOY DROWNED. — On Monday last, as the Circassian was working up the river, aud when off Sandy Hay Point, an apprentice belonging to the vessel fell from the main rigging into the water, and although every exertion was used the boy could not be saved. GOLD DIGGERS.—Several of our citizens who were led to a neighbouring colony in seirch of gold have returned with results utterly disheartening—Some few have gamed prizes in the lottery where the price paid for the chance is health and strength —How sorry soever we mayjfeel for thejuisfortunes of those who have failed, wc cannot but express our hope that these failures will act as a warning to those who still contemplate exchanging comfortable homes and prospects for the miseries which [despite the good luck of u few must as experience now has shown be the lot of the many. NORTH SKA WHALING—CON- FLICT WITH NATIVES.—Wc understand that one of the crew of the Emu, lately arrived, was stabbed by one of a party of natives who were found on the wreck of an American whaler. It is stated that several of the assailants suffered in retaliation; but the exact nature of the occurence we have not learned. AN Ei'iscorAt CROSS OF BATHUUST GOLD. — Our worthy townsman Mr. Dunsford called at this office yesterday, with a specimen of native workmanship in the shape of an Episcopal Cross, manufactured from Bathurstgold, which is intended as a present from the Catholic Priests and congregation of Bathurst to his Grace Arclibishop Polding. The Cross and suspending chain weigh 13 oz. 9 dwt6. It is inlaid with colonial rubies, agates and pearls, and bordered with filligree work neatly executed; the whole being the production of a young man, a native of the coloiiy. As a work of art it is well worthy of inspection, and is now to be seen at Mr. D mi ford's establishment.—JiiUhursl Free 1'ress. HAMILTON CATHOLIC CHURCH.—On Friday his Grace the Duke of Hamilton kindly presented, as a gift from his Grace and the Grand Duchess of Baden to the Catholics of Hamilton, an exquisitely-executed Holy-Water Font, of beautiful Bath-stone. The -Bcnitier, which is a facsimile of the pulpit, is divided into two parts — the base and the stem forming one, and the cup the other. The whole is octagonal. On the eight panels of the cup are sculptured as many figures; four of tbeiu emblematic of the four Evangelists; and the other four representing respectively the Holy Ghost, under the form of a dove the thorny crown, the I.1I.S., aud other emblems of the passion. The whole is very elegant and ornamental, and the Catholics feel grateful as well for thi6 as or other acts of kindness on the part f his Grace.—Glasgow Free J'ress. 