COURT OF REVISION. STANLEY AND GAWLER ELECTORAL DSTRICT. [From our special repoter.] Clare, May 7th, 1851. The Court of Revision for the electoral district of Stanley and Gawler was opened this day at the Court-house of Clare, before Wm. Slater,Esq.,Special Magistrate, J.B. Hughes, and C. Hawker, Esqrs. The time named for opening the Court was 8 o'clock; but on our arrival at the Court-house we found no preparation made beyond a table and two stools about four feet in length, belonging to the police, and placed there by them without any directions. We were informed that £35 had been voted for furnishing the Court above three months since, and the estimate given for the required alterations six months ago, and yet not the slightest step has been taken to make the Court fit for the purposes to which it is designed. Another thing struck us as somewhat peculiar, viz., a horse-police barracks with out any stabling; the consequence is, that when a mounted policeman is wanted in a hurry, he has to take the chance of an hour or two's hunt through the romantic glens and wild scrub of Clare in search of his horse. The distance of the Court-house, nearly a mile from the town, is justly com plained of by the inhabitants as a serious inconvenience. Mr. Fisher appeared for Mr. Younghusband ; Mr. Wearing for Mr. Walker. The Clerk of the Court read a letter from the Colonial Secretary, appointing Mr. Slater as Special Magistrate, and stating that his, appointment would appear in the next Gazette. Mr. Fisher wished to know if their Worships considered that letter a sufficient authority. Mr. Hughes referred to the 18th section of the Ordinance, and handed the letter to Mr. Fisher. Mr. Fisher having read it, observed that it was a mere intimation of the intentions of the Governor. He then proceeded to say that the other Magistrates were not to be appointed by any one, but ought to be those who would be the sitting Magistrates in the usual rotation. He thought that the Clerk of the Court had no right to summon any particular Magistrate. Mr. Hughes observed that there were no Resident Magis trates within 10 miles who could be summoned. Mr. Gleeson could not act, as he was Returning Officer. Mr. Fisher thought he could. Mr. Hughes had been informed by the Colonial Secretary that he could not. Mr. Fisher — Then the Colonial Secretary is wrong, for there is nothing to prevent the Returning Officer from act ing. However, the most serious part of the affair was the constitution of the Court. He was afraid it was not legally constituted, but still it would ba too perilous a thing for the Magistrates not to proceed and hold the Court on the authority of the letter. Mr. Hughes observed that, if the Court was not legally constituted, the whole proceeding would be null and void. Mr. Fisher — Certainly. Mr. Slater— Then there would be no electoral list, and they would all be placed out of the Constitution. Mr. Fisher said it was all too true, but still he saw nothing for the Magistrates to do but hold the Court, It was no fault of the Magistrates. Mr. Hughes thought it would be unnecessary to read the whole of the lists, but simply the names of those who were objected to. Mr. Fisher and Mr. Wearing both took this view. Mr. Fisher thought that the appointment of the Collector should be the first thing proved. Mr. Greenslade was called and asked if he had been appointed. He replied in the affirmative. Mr. Lenon, the Electoral Clerk, said that there had been a second appointment, namely, of Mr. Kenny. Mr. Kenny had been appointed by a letter from the Colonial Secretary. He had not it with him, but would produce it shortly. Mr. Fisher said that Mr. Kenny had never been gazetted, and therefore it was no appointment. Mr. Hughes said that the same objection would lie against the constitution of the Court, and therefore, as they had determined to go on with the Court, the Court must over rule the objection. 'Mr. Fisher thought he could furnish further objections from the letter itself, when produced. The Magistrates then proceeded to take the list of non- claimants. Mr. Fisher held that no claims could be received unless sent in by the Electoral Clerk previous to the 1st of April. Mr. Hughes thought it would be sufficient if the parties could prove that they had transmitted their claims previous to the 1st, without obliging them to prove that they had reached the Electoral Clerk. He thought it would be very hard in country districts if another course were to be pur sued. In the North there was no post office, and he knew that a number of electors had clubbed together, and sent a man with their claims, who got drunk on the road, and did not arrive in time. Mr. Wearing contended for the lenient view of the case, and refered to the decision in the case of the East Torrens Electors, where it had been decided before Mr. Wigley, who was considered a sound authority in these cases, that claims sent in before the 18th were admissible. Now, if that was applicable to the East Torrens, where the con veniences for transmission were so great, it should surely à fortiori be applicable to country districts. The Bench, after some consultation, resolved to adhere to their first proposition. Mr. Kenny here returned and produced his letter of appointment from the Colonial Secretary, dated the 24th of March. Mr. Fisher said the Governor could not appoint any col lector after the 1 st of March. Mr. Wearing held that by the 18th clause there was a power reserved to the Governor to make an appointment after that date. ! Mr. Fisher said that it was only in case of incompetency or insufficiency of a previous appointment, and that must be proved in this case. The Bench, after a consultation of some minutes, thought they must abide by the letter of the Colonial Secretary. Mr. Fisher said, that without a proper notification per sons could not know to whom they should send in their claims. The Court adhered to the decision, and, having called for the lists of Mr. Greenslade and Mr. Kenny, it appeared that Mr. Greenslade's list was sent in on tho*2nd, and Mr Kenny's on the 1st. . Mr. Fisher wished Mr. Kenny to be sworn as to his having rccived his appointment; and as to having affixed a notice according to the form required by the Act a O7afyuswif that he receded his appointment on the 27th of March, and immediately affixed the proper notice on his own house and that of Mr Nowland. The Bench, after considerable consultation, said that they had come to the determination to require the new claimants to appear and substantiate their right to bo put on the electoral lists. r Mr. Wearing said that Mr. Grcenslade should he exa mined as to when he forwarded the lists to the Electoral Clerk, as he had been informed that Mr. Greenslade's lists did not come in until the 2nd of ApriL Mr. Fisher thought Mr. Wearing ought to produce his informant and swear him, as he considered the remark to involve a censure on the collector. Mr. Fisher thought their Worships were bound to abide by the electoral lists as presented to them, unless there was something appearing on the face of them to invalidate them. Mr. Wearing could not see how such a doctrine could * i ir w^cnj hy the 18ta clause, a power was reserved to the Magistrates of correcting errors and supplying omis sions. ° On taking the now claims, considerable difficulty again arose as to how the Bench was to proceed, since the Elec toral Clerk stated that by the Act the new claimants could not bo bound to appear to support their claim, unless served with summons to do so. Mr. Wearing thought it would be a great hardship to adopt such a course. r The list of new claimants was then read. The first names were— The Revs. Michael Ryan, Richard Counsel, and Henry Johnson; whose claim had been handed in by the Rev. Mr. McGwynne/the Catholic clergyman of Clare, the evening of the 1st of ApriL It appeared the property concerned was that on which the CathoBcchapel was Duflfc Mr. Fisher would offer no objection. The claim was consequently admitted, and the remaining new claims gone on with. * m The following names were called out, and no one appear ?5 toJSSWp *eni» thev were s*rock ont :— Samuel Cohen, John Kilkcky George Isles, John Chewings, Charles Hay m?1 Y.Hbam Spicer, George Fitzgerald, Alexander Lang lSSftS homas L'pson, Edmund Bowman, Thomas Burr, £m? fe^JfS Callili Martin McN^^ Henry ?£&, fe HlCb Henry Ma8°r- mcha&l; Davey, John woodard, Edward Dahng, Tfaomag Magor, Wm. Hugh, Wm. Bine, Wm. Richardson, John Thomas, John Mitchell Wm. Lewis. ' In the following cases some discussion ensued : ? William Elder Farrington. His father appeared to sup port his claim, but on examination said he knew nothine about when the notice of claim was sent. Struck out John Bentham Neales. The chum was dated the 18th of March. The Electoral Clerk said that it had been sent by mistake to the Kooringa district, and redirected. It did not reach him till the 8th of April. The Bench were about to admit this claim and some others similarly situated, when Mr. Fisher said he should require the production of the post-mark. xne xnecwnu ^lera onerea to go for it. The Bench could not allow the business of the Court to be delajed, and the claim was struck off Wilham Moore appeared in person. Had sent in his claim some tune in March The notice was dated 4th of April His name was not William. Another person sent in the claim. ?i ?y *fr- 'Rearing— He had authorized Mr. Hawker to send it in for him. Mr Fisher— He was bound to sign the claim himself. The Bench— Perhaps he could not write Mr. Wearing submitted that the Bench could entertain the claim if claimant could swear that he had either sent it in or caused ittobe sent in by some other person. ' The Bench— The question was, did the claimant fill up a form according to Schedule D. It appeared he could write. Claimant did not fill up any form previous to that dated ±e 4tn_ The whole of the claimants were struck off except the £rst three. r The general lists were then taken for the objections. Edward Dowling— leasehold, section 212, Wakefiold street — was tho first name objected to. Mr. Wearing appeared to support the objoction. Mr. Fisher supported the claim. The Electoral Clerk produced the notico served on him Mr, Tyler proved the service of the notice on Mr. Dow ling's premises on the loth. The Bench wished to know the nature of the objection. Mr. Wearing said that the onus prohandi laid with the other side. Edward James, examined by Mr. Fisher— Had seen an greement for a lease, and a receipt for drawing up that agreement. It was for a lease for more than five years at a rent of £15, with right of purchase. J ' ^ Mr. Wearing submitted that an agreement to lease was in law, not sufficient, though an agreement to let might be sufocient ; second, the agreement ought to be in Court George Young, examined-Had let the land for five years (the section 212). Claimant had another section (213) for which a lease was prepared for three years. He would have the lease for section 212 as soon as he could pay the lawyer's expenses. He had been put in possession of the section. I he Bench considered there was no lease proved The claim was therefore struck out. Hugh Faghan, section 39, freeholder, Hutt River. The notices having been proved, and no one appearing for him, his name was struck out. James Henwood, householder and freeholder, Armagh James Owens proved the service of the notice. By Mr. Fisher— He did not sign the original notice, but had authorized another to sign for him. Mr. Fishar submitted that the notice was bad, for two reasons — iirst, that it was not competent for the party scrrin-* the notices to authorize any one else to sign for him; and, se condly, it was not in the form required by the Act The Bench having referred to the Act, thought, as to the second objection, it would come under the words ' or to the like effect.' Mr. fisher submitted that it must be signed by the party serving the notice. He would quote authorities to prove that it had been decided over and over again that the party inust sign himself. He would put the case of costs : when that notice was brought into Court, Mr. Owens might deny that it was signed by himself. Mr. Wearing maintained that it was sufficient for the party to have admitted that he had authorized another per son to sign it forhiin, and that admission would enable their Worships to make an order for costs, which costs could be recovered in a court of law. The Bench decided the notice to be good. ^ Mr. Fisher wished to know whether their Worships de emed that— although it had buen proved that Mr. Owens had not signed the notices himself, and had not addressed the notice served on the Electoral Clerk to the Electoral Clerk — the notice was good. The Bench wished to examine the witness again on this point. James Owens then swore that he had served a notice on the Electoral Clerk which was addressed to him, and pro duced a copy. * By Mr. Fisher— His reason for not signing the notices was that he had not time to sign them himself, inasmuch as he was not aware that the notices would have to be served until the 15th of April. *uMir;.Pohe/rrThen^ow camc vou t0 date tlu's notice on the 14th ? (A laugh). The Bench decided in admitting the notices. John Hall was examined by Mr. Fisher to prove the six months' occupancy. _ By Mr. Wearing— The house was worth £10 per year. 1 he house was not actually finished before six months. Mr. Wearing contended that six months' occupancy had not been proved, since the first residence was only proved from the 16th of October, and the house had been built piecemeal. He maintained that the 1st of April must bo taken as the boundary of the six months. By Mr. Hughes— The lioase was not finished six months ago, and the claimant had not lived in it for six' months. Claim struck out. William Edward Edwards. William Owens was the server of the notices in this case as in the former, and so much difficulty was experienced by Mr. fisher m getting direct answers to his questions, that lie felt obliged to appeal to the Bench to notice the witness's mode of trying to evade the questions. Examination continued— The notices were made out on the loth, but dated a day back. Mr. Fisher— How came the notices to be dated back ? i Witness— He was not bound to answer that question. Ihc Bench thought it was taking up a deal of time to be cross- examining in this manner. ?e **r' *isher would of course not cross-examine the witness if the Bench thought he should not ; but it was very unusual \ir counsel to bti interrupted in his cross-examination. Mr. Wearing concluded that it was sufficient for the witness to have sworn that the substance of the notice was the same as the copy produced, and that it was served on the 15th. The Bench hold the notice to be good, and wished to hear the claim supported. *i.M/' -sher was '^rooted to support the claim, but after the decision of the Bench as to. examining witnesses, he should decline to appear for the claim. Wm. Goldsworthy. Objection abandoned. Owen Jones, householder. Mr. Fisher cross-examined the Notice-server, and, as he could not swear that he served it on the premises, the claim %*% ^dOnei He (Mn Fisher) wi8hed the notice to be nieu by the Court, as not corresponding with the copy ; the witness hanng sworn, in his examination in chief, that he had fe^d a true copy on Owen Jones. 1 he objection was abandoned. disallowed'11'111* ^^^ *** comPensation' bnt H* daun was John Rodgers, householder, section 93, Armagh. Jmv? -a e£3' J-?n Owen8' thc Notice-server, again ap ffiL * hJ9 ***** and ^amiensis, Robert Murray, M?F! J ?aim ¥*? Labout to to 8truck off. Wflen enSfwl*e clecM/** and notice J , JwS? S Thenotice was held -pod and the claim was struck out. The objection was held to be good. cW JZfr aT\as t0.the n'eht to Prove the d*™ ^ABJ.^ promises and ' ™e The claimant, examined by Mr. Wearing— He paid £1 t^y}}1' f kher~ Paid the ^nie rentes he did for the sec ^beforehebuatthehouse. He had built the %£!&. h^^S1^^0^ ^^orth £12 to £15, and he ™' j above seven months. ? ' Uaim disallowed because he was an alien hn?LM£ F?her-Had ^rved the notice on the premises, but could not swear that it was in Armagh. - A!?' YT^T™?,01?^4 had applied for a house to Clare and Armagh. Ho believed thq honso was in Ar magh. It was on the same section as Paddy Butler's, and that was always called Armagh. By the Bench — It was claimant's usual place of residence. Mr. Fisher said, as it had not been proved to have been served on the person himself, it must be proved to have been served on the premises. The Court decided to admit the objection. Mr. Webb, surgeon — The township belonged to Clark. The section was called the Emu Flats until the new village of Armagh was established. The house was not on the section called Armagh. Patrick Butler, examined — The house the claimant was living in was on the same section as his own, and that was licensed for Armagh. The house might be 400 or 500 yards from the boundary of the section called Armagh. The Bench thought the objection was good, and tho house was in Armagh. No one appearing to support the claim, it was struck out. James Parker, householder, Armagh. John Hall was called to prove the occupancy, but being unable to do so, the claim was struck out. Charles Farrington, housekeeper, Hutt River. Mr. Oivenwas again the notice -server, and in answer to Mr. Fisher said, he would not answer why he signed thc copies, but would not sign the originals. Mr. Fisher contended that he was bound to answer tho question, and appealed to thc Court to oblige witness to An en Thc witness had not time to sign them, and had there fore authorized Mr. Murray. By Mr. Waring — was not a very expert penman, but Robert Murray was. Mr. Farrington, examined as to the value of the property — It was worth £10 per annum, he slept there seven nights in the week. By Mr. Wearing— Where did he sleep the eighth night ? Witness— Perhaps Mr. Wearing could tell him. Mr. Wearing— Was it not in the vestry ? Witness — Yes. Mr. Wearing— Oh! then you arc qualifying for thc Church. Witness— It was not a Church, it was a temporary Church. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw said he paid seven shillings per week ; and Mr. Farrington was his tenant. Mr. Farrington took it at a peppercorn rent, to keep out thieves and robbers and ghosts if they came. Mr. Webb was receiving £17 a-ycar from Mr. Bagshaw. Mr. Fisher concluded that it was sufficient to have shewn that thc property was worth £10 per annum, and that it had been occupied for six -months ; the Act said nothing about the payment of rent. Mr. Wearing contended that this was a straining of the meaning of the Act, that thc question of the rent must be taken into consideration. The claim was allowed, John Collin. householder. Mr. John Owens, the notice-server, cross-examined by Mr. Fisher— Would swear that Mrs. Kingsland had not signed any of these notices for him. Mr. Fisher would be glad if Robert Murray were requested to write the name of John Owens. Robert Murray, the amanuensis, then wrote John Owens on the back of tho notico, and Mr. Fisher attached his initials to it. By Mr. Fisher— Had served it in thc section said by Collins to be occupied by him. Could not swear that it was section 961. Mr. Fisher would move to have the list amended, as it was not on section 961 that claimant resided. Mr. Wearing said that witness had sworn to having served the notice at the house reported to be that of Collins but it would be impossible to define every hair's breadth in or outside of a section. Mr. Fisher would again move that the description on the list be amended to 1960, and it would show that a little more strict proof as to service than Mr. Owens was in the habit of giving should be required of him. Mr. Collins was sworn, and stated that lie was a house holder on section 1960, in the Emu Flats. He had occupied the section for more than nine months. Had paid six month's rent in January last. By Mr. Wearing— Had three rooms. They might lie called three houses, or perhaps only one ; that must depend upon the opinion entertained by the learned gentlemen. They had been built more than six months ; one bad been built from the beginning of the world ; it was a hole in tliu hill dug out with a pick. This witness, as well as several others, were exceedingly pert in their icplics; and an unusual degree of forbearance was shown by the Bench towards them. Thc Court disallowed the claim. John Hall. Freeholder. The Notice-Server cross-examined by Mr. Fisher— Had authorized ;othcrs besides Mr. Robert. Murray. Mr. Wearing contended that as the Court had decided that such a deputation of authority was allowed, his learned friend, in reopening the question, was out of order, and consuming tho time of thc Court. Mr. Fisher contended that he did not wish to argue thc case again, but as the witness was on his oath, and said that one particular person had signed one particular notice, he might have it in his power to prove that it was sinned by somebody else. Was he to be allowed to do so or no! ? Mr. Wearing contended that the Court should allow Mr. Fisher to ask if Mr. Owen had signed the requisition him self, or had deputed another ; audit' the latter, whether he recognised that notice as having been signed as he had au thorized ; and then no further question should be asked. The Bench decided in favour of Mr. Wearin^'s view. The question of the claim was then gone into, and much discussion ensued as to the proper description, and to the amendment of it. The Court allowed the claim to be amended ; that he was householder as well as freeholder, he having sent in his claim under both descriptions. On the question that claim should be allowed ? Mr. Wearing contended that as thc amendment was allowed, Mr. Hall should be called on to prove his claim. Since he was only known to the public from thc electoral lists as a freeholder, they had no means of objecting to him as a householder. Mr. Fisher contended for the contrary view, as it was no fault of the elector that he was wrongly described. The Court decided that thc claim should be supported by the examination of the claimant. A long discussion ensued on the six months' occupancy and as to whether the 1st of April or the 8th of May should be the terminus, Mr Wearing contending for thc 1st day of April. Mr. Fisher argued as to the meaning of the words ' where a registration was established.' The present registration was not yet established, nor would be until thc revision and correction of the lists were completed, which would not be until the 15th of May, or it would involve tho absurdity of the registration for the next election being considered to be that of the unconnected and unrevised lists, and not of tho revised and corrected lists, as required by the Act. The Court decided the 15th of April should be the ter minus of the six months occupancy. Ezra Kay. Mr. Fisher would not support the claim, as he was not allowed to ask questions as to the signature. Disallowed. John Webster. The same course was pursued by Mr. Fisher in this case. James Goldworthy— Notice proved. Claim disallowed for not sufficient evidence. John Bussicock. Struck out. Wm. Ralph. Struck out. Henry Berryman. John Hall, called to prove thc occupancy— Had been there more than six months. Was Captain of the Emu Mine. Did not know if he paid rent. Did not know if Captains paid rents. 'Mr. Fisher thought the question had been decided within these two days, at Kooringa, as not affecting the claim, and flint n/»nnnoT»nxT nrou onffintAnf Mr. Wearing then argued at some length that the Act must be construed to mean an occupancy with interest, or else it might as well have granted universal suffrage at once. Mr. Fisher read the words of the Act, where no mention was made of rent The Bench wished to know if Capt. Berryman paid rent Mr. Fisher thought the Bench could not entertain the question, as they must be bound by the words of the Act. The Bench thought the claimant had not substantiated his claim Mr. Fisher was entitled to know the grounds of the dis franchiscment ; as an elector could not bo disfranchised without thc grounds being stated. The Bench — Because he was a servant of the Royal Mining Company and had no beneficial interest. James Chalmers, freeholder and leaseholder, section 140. Hutt River. James Francis proved an eighteen months' occupancy of the section. Mr. Fisher then read a letter from Mr. Chalmers, de claring that he had purchased the section since 1849, in con junction with another person ; they were partners in every thing, and his partner had a sufficient house on it, and that with the fencing and other improvements the property was worth £400. Mr. Wearing ohjected to tho letter, as having been got up by Mr. Younghusb ind's Committee, and at its having been written by Mr. Chabners's dictation. Mr. Francis was cross-examined by Mr. Fisher as to the influonce used by him with Mr. Chalmers. He then pro ceeded to question him as to Mr. Hawker's Committee, and ajfi; ?Z™£S brothe? md two activc membere of Mr. Mrvvt? te constituting the present Bench. Wearing) ,had suggested a plan by which' U? Fisher hini self might have relieved Mr. Hawker from he Sftii Z cessity of sitting; and he considered it to be amostunS tifiablehneof conduct for an advocate to ,££ ^ sue? re' marks on the constitution of the Court, for itamnnS '' . Mr. Fisher claimed a right to reply to Mr. Wearing's ob jechons, and in so doing.lc begged to say that so far from the question being premeditated on his part, as stated by Mr. Wearing, he ought, perhaps, as Mr. Younghusband's legal advocate, and as Mr. Hawker's best friend, to have formally, ah indio, protested against the constitution of thc Court and thc legality of its proceedings; but he had ab stained from doing so out of motives of delicacy, and he would not have referred to it at all but for Mr. Wcarin'- re flecting on the conduct of Mr. Younghusband's Committee Again, he had not acensed the Court of being corrupt, nor called its constitution in question ; he had merely stated tho facts that Mr. Hawker's brother and two activc canvassers in Mr. Hawker's interest as a candidate formed the Court to decide on the claims of his opponent's friends to possess the right of the franchise. He himself had drawn, and would draw, no conclusion, nor had he made any charge against the Court. It was altogether a matter of inference, and the public would form their own conclusions. Mr. Slater begged to state for himself and Mr. HuHies that they had never attended any meeting of Mr. Hawser's Committees. Mr. Fisher produced a copy of a newspaper, and said that their names appeared on Mr. Hawker's Committee in the printed list. Robert Martin. After some discusion, the notice of objection was proved and the claim was disallowed, Mr. Fisher declining to support it. James Martin. The service was held to be proved, and claim disallowed. Robert Martin appeared again, but no notice could be proved. Mr. Wearing said that there were two persons of the name both claiming for the same property. One had gone to England, and therefore the Bench must require a proof of the claim from the other Robert Martin, as there might be in all cases duplicates of claims sent in ; and if the claim was lost under one objection, then the claimant might stand on his duplicate. Mr. Fisher said there was no objection but to one Robert Martin, and therefore the Court could not entertain the claim of any other Robert Martin, since one was struck off the list. He then referred to thc proviso of thc 15th clause of the Act to show that no name could be expunged from the lists except in case of death, unless there was an ob jection formally made to it. The name was allowed to remain. John Bryan. In this case, the Notice-server, John Owens, was ex amined as to having compared thc notice with the copy, and a great deal of evasions and equivocation on the part of thc witness took place. Mr. Fisher concluded by requesting the Court to impound the two copies of the notices. Mr. Fisher then proceeded to examine the witness as to the value of the property, but could elicit no direct answer. The claim was allowed. Wm. Gerard — Claim allowed. Service not proved. Robert Rogers— Claim allowed. Objection not proved. Edward Burns. The claim was disallowed, thc property not being considered of sufficient value. Samuel Robinson, freeholder. The notice was proven. Claim allowed. John Baker, Hutt River— Claim unsupported. Struck out. Francis Wickhert. Thc notice of objection considered good. In the course of examination it came out that the Notice-server, John Owens, had sworn that thc house was on section 38, whilst from the original claim it appeared that the claimant had a freehold on 38 and a house on 71. The claim was allowed to stand. Adam Mackelvy, householder. Thc Notice-server was again subjected to severe cross-examination, and another instance of his loose swearing w:is elicited from him, since it appeared tint the notice was not a copy of tliat which, in his examination in chief, he had sworn that he had served. The Court thought tho notice was however sufficient, inasmuch as it had been served at the house. Mr. Fisher said it was not a question of where, but what was served ; he held the notice was incorrect The Bench amended their decision, and thought there was not. siifRc!i»nf. r-r»tir-i» The claim was allowed. Alexander Paul was objected to on the ground that he was not a householder, but merely occupied one on Messrs. Younghusband's property at Crystal Brook. The principal evidence was that of Mr. Younghusband himself, who stated that Paul was a servant of his firm, and received a salary, a house, and rations. The house was built for the purpose. By Mr. Fisher— If thc claimant had to pay rent, he (Mr. Younghusband) would have to pay him more wages. Mr. J. B. Hughes— is the house for the exclusive use of Paul, or for the benefit of the public ? Mr. Younghuoband — No more for the benefit of thc public than your own house is for the benefit of passing stranger3. Struck out. Lcslie Sibbold, Dougald Cameron and John Giles were struck off on the same grounds. Peter Ferguson was objected to as being the overseer of Mr. Younghusband. Mr. Younghusband said the claimant had an equitable interest to the extent of one-fourth in a section that was worth £1,000. Name retained. Jessie Jones was struck out. James Cummings and Alexander Ure were objected to, but notice not being proved, the names were retained. John Smith, John Banister, George Williamson, C. H. Webb, Patrick Mclnnerny, Michael Gasson, Hugh Lynch, E. T. Horne, W. Hughes, Patrick McMahon, Samuel Har- ford, R. A. McKinley, John Canoll, Howr Sor, and James Gungon were objected to, but their names were all retained, the objections not being sustained. Thomas Thompson was struck off, Mr. Fisher not defend ing the claim, as the Court had disallowed a preliminary objection taken by him. The Court adjourned at lialf-past 9, having sat 12 hours, and was adjourned till 8 o'clock on Thursday inorninfr. 