iHi^ffUanrou^ ifcxtxam. IMAGES AND IMAGE- WORSHIP; ( From a fRevieio, in the Rambler, of the Rev: John Mendharrfs work on the Second Council of Nice.) We bow come to the question as to what was positively defined by the Fathers of IS'iceea with respect to the 'cultus' of images. We have already intimated that all that St. Germanus and St. John Damas cenus and others, who contended for the practice previous to the assembling of the' Council, strove to establish was, that the imnopo nf f~!VirisK Mia RlflSHPrl Virorin artA: I4MM S. ** ??* ?%* m ^-r mm m mm* ?*? m v*~^r ?*'- m w ?» v v w* f » - h-l*J ? «4 ?( \A* the Saints, were to be treated with that' honour and veneration which is respectively due to them ; and this is also all that the Council itself definitely ruled, and indeed all that at this day is matter of faith in the Church : — that ' the images of Christ and^ the Blessed Virgin, and of other Saints, are to be kept and retained, particularly in churches, and that a due honour and vene ration is to be paid them.'* As to the further question,, what kind of noiiour aim veiieituiuu ia uuc, uu uugmaiii. definition has been given. Particular di vines, however, have treated of it like any other theological thesis, and have sifted the subject to the bottom. This- naturally excites Mr. IVJendham's ire, as it has that of Pro testants generally, who, wanting the light of faith, and incapable of regarding theology as a divine science, look upon such disquisitions as subtle refinements and dangerous conceits. Indeed, they have gone further and charged the later Church with formal idolatry, from which even the Fathers of Nicaaa are allowed to be free. Our readers will be surprised to hear, after all the strong language he uses, that our author exonerates the Council from every thing that can be properly called idolatry. Perhaps it is only by comparison, perhaps he has no very clear idea what the Council really declared, perhaps he is only usually inconsistent or oblivious ; but these are his words :: 'The Council had made a marked ^»sti?ctio°.f;' tween the worship due to God and that to be paid » any image whatever, even of Cbmt or the virg Mary. This superior kind of worship was to b e p«J« to God alone, and to no creature whatever ; won inferior worship might be given to pictures -^ images, saints and angels, as well as bou... .. ?? That th.s inferior kind of worship w?9,the.°°'Jj ,-,. ship allowed to images of any kind »»«?££„ further evident from the worda of their decree definition on this subject. But this v e«r Ja ^ satisfied later divines on this head, and they » ^ part at least, come to an opposite conclusion , it appears from Thomas Aquinas and ? J»»nJ. „ enumerated in Stilling fleet's Defence, that, ,aXW ? latria,'-or supreme worship, does belong w ? » of (Dhrist... ... ..Hence also bai .arisen a Jb. g \J» of difference. The Council 0 Nice reoogni ea two kinds of worship , ? ktni / the wo tap «Mj and in truth, due to God only; infer or w ^ which is common to all sacred things whate™ ^ latter was by the Council called ? Pr0^nj ki'nd of since it has been- called ? dulia.' A urn worship, entirely unjtnc^njtoj^ . - * Council of Trent, Session sxY font established in succeeding ages, a worship in- /erior t» ' latria/ and yet luperior to « tlulia/ which i« styled ' I:yper-Jul;a,' and belongs to the Virgin Mar j only.' So that, after all, the Council of Nicsea is cleared from the charge brought against it, except perhaps as having implicitly favoured later corruptions ; and as the Council ol Trent simply repeats the decision of Nicaea, it follows that the Church of Rome is guilt l«ss at least of having synodieally sanctioned any farm of actual idolatry whatever. But what is it the theologians referred to really say or mean ? Despite scholastic language, and the confusion which Protes tant controversialists have raised about 'it, the matter f« itseif is simple enough, and aap.ible of being comprehended by any ordi nary understanding.. We will try to state it in common terms. You possess the por trait of a beloved friend ; you regard it with a certarn aff. etion ; in some way or other you look upon it, and you treat it $is repre lenting the person whose portrait it is. Ir reminds you of nim, and in imagination you make him present to you; and this calls forth certain feelings and aiKctions, of which the inanimate portrait is irself in a manner the recipient or the object. Any how, in whatever way you may please to express it, the portrait bears a certain relation to your friend; and the 'feelings with which you re gard him are somehow associated with the image of him. W el!, a metaphysician will analyse these feelings, and will give you the value of tnis ' relation*; he will measure the several acts of the mind, and ?sort and separate them into degrees and kinds ; and all this he will do by a process and in l-.'rms wIij-j1», if yuu are not of a me taphysical turn, you may not at ones under.. .*taml. And just so it is thai the Catholic metaphysician or theologian proceeds in the .matter of holy images. He analyses the de votional acts of the mind., and i;otes down, in. theological' terms, the several values ct them. Tnere is nothing more foolish or ex travagant in the one case or in the other. It may be necessary in order to m;.-et and ex pose the ? a:t'-K-ks of heresy. It is not that he invents a subtle science, and then sets men consciously to act it out ; lie simply ex presses, in technical or scholastic terms, what the worshipper does naturally and un consciously. This is one of the strange mis takes of Protestants.- I hey fancy that all these subtle distinctions — hs they call them ? are intended for popular teaching; and that people are told, as if they were going through «ome metaphysical exeicise, what kind 'of mental act, or series of acts, or combination \--f acts, they are to mak«, first before an linage of our Lord, then before an image o! our Lady, and then before an image of some Jainr. The truth being, that they who arc devout to the persons thus represented, will pay their imaye due honour ; and this honour, when analysed, will prove to be ?bat St. Thomas, BeWmuie, De Lugo, and otne.s, have determined it to be. Religious honour is subject lo the same metaphysical laws as non-religious honour, and is equally capable of beinjvso to say, scientifically de nned. ? It is honour seeundum quid, or it is ? relatlve honour, or it is an infer.or honour, in one case as in the other ; the only difference Being that one belongs to the religious or *I\ l7,()tlu-r t0 the non.religious order. »»och definition does not alter the nature ', act' u does not turn it into something Snt' Tr0'?1114:1- eIse- tllan Jt ™ before *»ng defined. It fc a theological develop SvTi l^al one; ' Lie reau't ol a «r.c ,y an.lyt.eal process in the minds of X °7S- 'Ot. of a°y extension, much less 1 }D? el-a«g*.. in the practice itself. « entire!!,0' T1 that a Spcdes of wowll'?P. has 5S U?k,n?wn to the Nicane divinii tletnM e8ta)llslled }' succeeding a^es;' (truthslmp being, that while the « cul same thl? -SeS h'S remai'ed practically the eW ,1- ', T ln the ei«llth ~ntury, it has ^ ok ;;u if!ophiiosot)hicai ™a]y*is- - ' Neither l'i , u nOt ln earlier times ftwme»«' r,uVhat'i«t«rdWne8»ha»e elusion to tL «? fc3rt| t0.;in °P?Osite con ?Wp, «loeB hi- h .lak»a.w ^Preme wor UoSnea Of v°nR *}'**** °f Christ.' The ''?Wa* [w- Venerated' bt-- »?-« with *** hut ««„?' 'Otdirectly^d absolutely Ul 8uPrei»e worship which is due only to the Person of Christ. Later theolo gians strictly maintain the same proposition ; but they shew that in venerating such image, the honour paid properly and absolute'/to Christ is, by the very constitution of the human mind, paid improperly t and (as the phrase is) accidentally to the image. If properly and improperly be synonymous terms,* then the Protestant charge is true ; if not, it is a calumny, and what is more, a very stupid calumny. If the analagous honour paid to a friend's portrait be not non-religious idolatry, then the honour which is due to an image of Christ is not religious idolatry. Again, there being, as we havo said, a certain, necessary metaphysical con nexion between a psrscm and his image, the 'eultus' and its relation to the image arc expressed, vary likewise. Hence the dis tinction in theology between ' latria,' the suprene worship due to God, ' duli.»,' tli ' cultus' or worship due to the saints, 'hypjr-dulia,' a higher form of the same fine to (he Mother of Go). And theologians speak of relative ' latria,' and ' lalria'. seeundum quid, and the other combinations in a like manner, simply because such, wtien analysed, is the technical value of the acts which nre severally elicited by the images ol those to whom the 'cultus' is paid. We cannot enter further into these ques tions. All that we would draw attention to is, that, in some sense or other, honour, veneration, worship, or what is meant by the Latin word ' cultus,' is due and is to be paid to a sacred image : to the peison repre sented through the image, but also to the image itself, as that parson's representative. The intention of the Church is not fulfilled by historical pictures, or symbolical figures, or sculptured effigies of Saints, as they are sometimes called (as if all that was set up was some monument or memorial of them), or statues wnich form p-irt of the architec tural features and ornaments of a building. These are not images in the high, Catholic, devotional si?nse of the term. Images are representative. They are for worship; ohjects of devotion, as well as helps and in centives thereto. Their use is not only to raise the mind to heaven, where the Saint rsigns in glory, but to bring him down to earth, to re-present him, or render him, as it were, pres.nt on the very spot where hi* image stands, that we may worship him through it and it for him. I his was the verv point at issue at the beginning of the Inco noclafltic controversy. Leo the Isaurian would have retained images in churches, provided they were raised alofi out of the r^ach of the people, so that they could not be used in any Way a* objects of worship. This it is that the author of the ' Caroline Books'' complained of, that ' those pictures and images which were made only for the ornament of buildings and the memorials of things past, are now ? actunlly wor shipped ; tapers are lighted before them, in cense, first-fruits, and other offerings are made to them.' This it is that the Council of Trent both presupposes and prescribes, where it says that ' the honour which is shewn to images is referred to the prototypes whom thev represent; so that by the images which we kiss, and before which we uncover our heads, or proUmie ourselves, we adore Christ himself, and venerate the faints who are represented thereby.' In short, ' image worship.' is one of the many varied forms of Catholic devotion. It springs out of a vital realisation of the mystery of the Incarnation ; it is one of the natural expressions in which the devout mind pives vent to its affection towards the Sacred Humanity ot our Lord and those who are the most closely con nected with Him. Doubtless, it has been a grievous loss to the faithful of this country that, for one cause or another, the public exercise of this most beautiful and innocent devotion has fallen into such desuetude and neglect. Happily, the annual solemnity of adoring ? Yet tiiia is what Protestant controvers;ali3ts hold. The most fligrant instance, pernq-s. is that of Mr. Palmer, wlio in his eighth ' Lrfctei' to Dr. Wiseman labours to shew that, in the very judgment of Catholic divinea themselves, there is no dilK-rence between the adoration due to Christ and that which is due to his image perse. As a specimen of ex treme dulneas joined with a certain acuten^ss and aptitude for theological analysis, thia series of ' Letters' is, as far as our knowledge extends, unique. When Protestants take to systematising their opinions, it is Jiko an insane man attempting to reason consecutively. The very madness of the thing baffles a|l refutation. ? ' ? : — i— »^^^— wmmmm — nmmmm the Holy Cross on Good Friday has not left us withont some open exhibition of. this most Catholic and pious practice; but the a most total absence from our chapels of the objects of its exercise, and its consequent disuse as a popular devotion, must be de plored by all who have felt how warm and loving is the atmosphere of a continental church, poor and rude as it may be, with its many shrines and altars, each with its pic ture and its image, and who have watched t ie people cominir in to throw themselves before the Holy Hood, or to make an offer ing tri the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, or to kneel and say an Ave before our dear Udy's image, or to beg some favour from her holy spouse, kissing their feet, not once, but many times, leaving them moist with tears, lighting little tapers in their honour on their festal days, and all so simply, and so sweetly, and in such a trustful childlike way, as though it were part of their daily life of faith. Privately, of course, ' image worship' has never ceased to be most reli giously practised ; for how can one imagine a Catholic without his crucifix, his rosary with its oft-kissed medal, his little holy pic tures, and other cherished objects of devo tion ? And much has been done, and more is doing, to encourage the public exercise, Out it is our earnest prayer that the day may be hastened when Protestants shall be unable to suppose a difference in this respect be tweeu Knglish and foreign Catholicism, and our brethren from more favoured climes, entering the very poorest and least orna mented chapel in this alien and heretical land, shall feel themselves still in the accus tomed home of their heart, amidst the dear familiar tokens of the one communion and the one faith. One word to those who dislike the forms in which this devotion exhibits itself abroad, whtf take offence at the gaily dressed Madon nas, with their spangled robes and muslin veils and tinsel crowns. We would say to them, Are you for 'image-worship' in any shape ? Do you admire the devotion of the people more than you dislike the form it takes? If not, is it quite certain that it may not be the devotion, and not the form vhieh is distasteful to you ? Have you per sonally any attrait towards it ? if not, can you be a fair judge of its clue expression ? Is it so certain that if you practised ' image worship'1 you would not naturally do what now displeases you? Asa fact, does this practice prevail, has it ever prevailed, can it prevail, where the taste of the few and not the devotion of the many is consulted ? As a fact, do we not find that wherever this de votion is pop-liar, it takes such forms as shock good taste ? Set up a fine statue, and see whether the people will pay it any ' wor ship.' Of two things one : either they will shew it but a passing admiration, or they will so bedeck or bedizen, or otherwise dis figure ir, that it will soon be impossible to say of what material it is made. Popular devotion has a trick of smothering good taste and overpowering it altogether. In this matter at least, we believe that it is impos sible to combine deootionat use with artistic effect. Which do you prefer ? Again, Protestants will tell us we ought to avoid extremes. This is a common phrase ; what, then, does it mean ? \\\ ith them every religious affection, every devotional act, bor ders upon sin ; the perfection of e\ery virtue i3 a vice, because it is an extreme. Even the love of God, in their jndgment, tends to making men enthusiasts and fanatics ; reverence tends to superstition, and so on. There is a radical error in all this. Of course, popularly speaking, extremes are dangerous; but, strictly speaking, extremes come not through excess, but through defect, of good. Rashness is not excess of courage, but defect of prudence: prodigality is not excess of liberality, but proceeds irom some inherent vice or weakness. Therefore also it is in correct to say that we can love our neighbour too much.; no one loves his neighbour too much if he loves God aright. It is a defect in his love towards God, not excess in his love towards his neighbour, which consti tutes bis sin when such exists. The dif ference between the love of God and the love of our . neighbour does not consist in a due proportion between one and the other, but in that the love of God is supreme and the love of our neighbour is subordinate. We cannot love two objects supremely : it is im possible. If two objects are loved equally, neither is loved supremely. If one is loved more than another, it does not follow that the one best loved is loved supremely, be cause supreme love is not matter of propor tion. This once understood, it will be clearly perceived how absurd it 19 to talk of the possibility of idolatry, when God him self is rightly adored, and his true nature* comprehended. 'I he safeguard against idolatry is the knowledge and love of the true God. When men forgot God of old, forgot what He was and who He was, forgot his law, his will, his attributes, they turned to idols. The making and worshipping of idols was the result, the last expression, of this departure. Hut what parallel is there between this and the Church's ' cultus' of images— she who so diligently teaches her children the knowledge of the supreme God, as He has revealed Himself in his Unity of essence and Trinity of persons? Let her accusers open any Catholic catechism, arid they will see what pains are taken by the Church to lay deep this solid foundation on which error cannot stand. Of this the Protestant knows nothing. With the ex ception of the few who have borrowed so much from the storehouse of truth, what care is taken by members of the Established Church to instruct the youthful mind in the mysteries of the blessed Trinity, the eternal generation of the Son and procession of the lloly Ghost, the Incarnation, and the Person of the God-man ? Protestants in general shrink from these subjects; they can but yield at most a cold belief to such high doc trines by averting their eyes f»om the con templation of them ; they are little sensitive to the most frightful heresies, they treat them as mere speculative differences, and then they turn lo us and charge us with idolatry ! Surely it might move us to scorn and indignation, did it not move us rather to compassion ; but let them know that our safeguard against idolatry, as agiinst every other error, is not a pitiful fear of extremes, a shrinking dread of allowing free scope to our affections and the natural homage which the heart pajs to all it loves and honours ; our safeguard is this, - that we worship one God in Trinity and the Trinity in Unity, and one Lord Jesus Christ, who is God over all, blessed for ever. JJe who loves God cannot be joined unto idols. 