THE GHOST THAT APPEARED TO MRS. WHARTON. (From Dickens's "Household Words.") WHEN my mother was a girl, some rumours began to steal through the town where she lived, about some- thing having gone amiss with old Mrs. Wharton ; for, if Mrs. Wharton was not known by all the townspeople, she was known and respected by so many, that it was really no trifle when she was seen to have the contracted brow, and the pinched look about the nose that people have when they are in alarm, or living a life of deep anziety. Nobody could make out what was the matter. If asked, she said she was well. Her sons were understood to be perfectly respectable, and sufficiently pros- perous ; and there could be no doubt about the health, and the dutifulness, and the cheerfulness, of the unmarried daughter who lived with her. The old lady lived in a house which was her own pro- perty ; and her income, though not large, was enough for comfort. What could it be that made her so suddenly silent and grave ? Her daughter was just the same as ever, except that she was anxious about the change in her mother. It was observed by one or two that the clergyman had nothing to say when the subject was spoken of in his hearing. He rolled and nodded his head and he glanced at the the ceiling, and then stuck his chin deep into his shirt-frill ; but those were things that he was always doing, and they might mean nothing. When inquired of about his opinion of Mrs. Wharton's looks and spirits, he shifted his weight from one foot to the other, as he stood before the fire with his hands behind him, and said, with the sweet voice and winning manner that charmed young and old, that, as far as he knew, Mrs. Wharton's external affairs were all right ; and, as for piece of mind, he knew of no one who more de- served it. If the course of her life and the temper of her mind did not entitle her to peace within, he did not not know who could hope for it. Somebody whispered that it would be dreadful if a shocking mortal disease should be seizing upon her: where- upon he, Mr. Gurney, observed that he thought he should have known if any such thing was to be apprehended. As far as a fit of indigestion went, he believed she suffered occasionally ; but she did not herself admit even that. Dr. Robinson, who was present, said that Mrs. Wharton's friends might be quite easy about her health. She was not troubled with indigestion, nor with any other com- plaint. People could only go on to ask one another what could be the matter. One or two agreed that Mr. Gurney had made very skilful answers, in which he was much assisted by his curious cus- tomary gestures; but that he had never said that he did not know of any trouble being on Mrs. Wharton's mind. Soon after this, a like mysterious change appear- ed to come over the daughter; but no disasters could be discovered to have happened. No disease, no money losses, no family anxieties were heard of; and, by degrees, both the ladies recovered nearly their former cheerfulness and ease of manner nearly, but not altogether. They appeared some- what subdued in countenance and bearing; and they kept a solemn silence when some subjects were talked of, which often turn up by the Christmas fire-side. It was years before the matter was explained. My mother was married by that time, and removed from her smoky native town to a much brighter city in the south. She used to tell us, as we grew up, the story of Mrs. Wharton, and what she endured ; and we could, if we had not been ashamed, have gone on to say, as if we had still been little children, "tell us again." When we were going into the north to visit our grand-parents it was all very well to tell us of coal-waggons that we should see running without horses, or iron rails laid down in the roads ; and of the keelmen rowing their keelboats in the river, and all at once kicking up their right legs behind them, when they gave the long pull ; and of the glass-houses in the town, with fire coming out of the top of the high chim- neys; and of the ever-burning mounds near the mouths of the coal-pits, where blue and yellow flames leaped about all night, through the whole year round. It was all very well to think of seeing these things; but we thought much more of walk- ing past old Mrs. Wharton's house, and inducing Mr. Gurney to tell us, in his way, the story we had so often heard my mother tell in hers. The story was this. One Midsummer morning Mrs. Wharton was so absent at breakfast that her daughter found all attempts at conversation to be in vain. So she quietly filled the coffee-pot, which her mother had forgotten to do, and in the middle of the forenoon ordered dinner, which she found her mother had also forgotten. They had just such a breakfast three times more during the next fortnight. Then, on Miss Wharton crossing the hall, she met her mother in bonnet and shawl, about to go out, so early as half-past nine. The circumstance would not have been remarked but for the mother's con- fused and abashed way of accounting for going out. She should not be gone long. She had only a little call to make, and so on. The call was on Mr. Gurney. He had hardly done breakfast, when he was told that Mrs. Wharton wished to speak with him alone. When be entered the study Mrs. Wharton seemed to be as unready with her words as himself ; and when he shook hands with her he observed that her hand was cold. She said she was well, however. Then came a pause-during which the poor pastor was shifting from one foot to the other, on the hearth-rug, with his hands behind bim, though there was nothing in the grate but shavings. At last, with a constrained and painful smile, she said that she was really ashamed to say what she came to say, but she most say it ; and she believed and hoped that Mr. Gurney had known her long enough to be aware that she was not subject to foolish fancies and absurd fears. " No one further from it," he hoped, and now he fixed his eye upon her face. Her eyes fell under his, when she went on. " For some time past, I have suffered from a most frightful visitation in the night." " Visitation ! What sort of visitation ?" She turned visibly cold while she answered-- "It was last Wednesday fortnight that I awoke in the middle of the night--that is between two and three in the morning, when it was getting quite light, and I saw--" She choked a little and stopped. " Well !" said Mr. Gurney, " What did you see ?" " I saw at the bottom of the bed, a most hideous \--a most detestable face--gibbering and making mouths at me." " A face !" " Yes ; I could only see the face (except, indeed, a hand upon the bedpost), because it peeped round the bedpost from behind the curtain. The curtains were drawn down to the foot of the bed." She stole a look at Mr. Gurney. He was rolling his head ; and there was a working about his mouth before he asked-- "'What time did you sup that night ?" " Now," she replied, " you are not going to say, I hope, that it was night- mare. Most people would ; but I hoped that you knew me better than to sup- pose that I eat such suppers as would occasion night-mare, or that I should not know night-mare from reality." " But, my dear Mrs. Wharton, what else can I say ?" " Perhaps you had better listen further, before you say anything." He nodded and smiled, as much as to say that was true. " I have seen the same appearance on three occa- sions since." " Indeed !" " Yes, on three several nights, about the same hour. And, since the first appearance, my supper has been merely a little bread and butter, with a glass of water. I chose to exclude night-mare, as I would anything whatever that could possibly cause an appearance so horrible." " What sort of face is it ?" " Short and broad ;--silly, and yet sly ; and the features gibber and work, Oh ! fearfully !" " Do you hear it come and go ?" " No. When I wake-- (and I never used to wake in the night)--it is there ; and it disappears--to say the truth--while my eyes are covered ; for I cannot meet its eyes. I hear nothing. When I venture a glance, sometimes it is still there ; sometimes it is gone.'" " Have you missed any property ?" "No : nor found any trace whatever. We have lost nothing ; and there is really not a door or win- dow that seems ever to have been touched ; not an opening where any one could get in or out." " And if there were, what could be the object ? \--What does your daughter say to it ?" " Oh !" said Mrs. Wharton, rising quickly, "she does not, and indeed she must not, know a word of it. I ought to have said, at first, that what I am telling you is entirely in confidence. If I told my daughter, it must then go no further. We could not keep our servants, a week if it got out. And if I should want to let my house, I could not find a tenant. The value of the property would go down to nothing; and, in justice to my daughter, I must consider that ; for it is to be hers hereafter. And we could never have a guest to stay with us. No one would sleep in the house a single night. In- deed, you must not......" " Well, well ; I will not mention it. But I don't see....." He paused ; and Mrs. Wharton replied to his thought-- " It is difficult to form conjectures,--to say any- thing, in such a case, which does not appear too foolish to be uttered. But one must have some thoughts; and perhaps--if one can talk of pos- sibilities--it is possible that this appearance may be meant for me alone ; and therefore, if I can con- ceal it from my daughter....till I am convinced whether it is meant for me alone....." "I would soon try that," observed Mr. Gurney. Seeing Mrs. Wharton look wistfully at him, he contiuued, " My advice is that you have your daughter sleep with you, after hearing your story. Try whether she can see this face....." " You do not think she would ?" " I think she would not.--My dear friend, if I were a medical man, I could tell you facts which you are little aware of,--anecdotes of the strange tricks that our nerves play with us,--of delusions so like reality." " Do you think I have not considered that ?" exclaimed the poor lady. " Mr. Gurney, I did not think that you would try to persuade me out of my senses, when I tell you, that four times I have seen in daylight, and when wide awake and in perfect health, what I have said." Mr. Gurney was very gentle ; but, as he said, what could he suggest but indigestion or some such cause of nervous disturbance ? Yet his heart smote him when his old friend laid her forehead against the mantel-piece, and cried heartily. He did all he could. He tried indefatigably, though in vain, to persuade her to let her daughter share the spectacle ; and he went the same day, when Miss Wharton was out for her walk, and the servants were at dinner, to examine the house. He made no discovery. The gratings of the under- ground cellars were perfect. The attic had no trap-doors: and the house had no parapet. The chimnies were too high and narrow for any one to get in at the top. No window or door was ever found unfastened in the morning. Mrs. Wharton did not think she could engage for courage enough to get out of bed, or to look beyond the curtains. Nor could she promise not to draw her curtains. The face had never appeared within them; and they seemed a sort of protection where there was no other. Without having made any promises, she went so far as to start up in bed the next time she saw the face. The eyes winked horribly at her; the head nodded, and was gone. The beating of her heart prevented her hearing anything that time ; but once or twice during the autumn she fancied she heard a light and swift footstep in the passage. She always left her room door open, for the sake of the same sort of feeling of security that most people have when they shut and bolt theres. If this was a ghost, bolts would not keep it out ; and she could fly the more easily through the open door if her terror should become too great to be endured alone. For the first time, she now burned a night-light in her chamber, as the nights lengthened--and not a dim, flickering rush candle, but a steady wax light. She knew her daughter wondered at the strange extra- vagance; but she could not bear darkness, or a very feeble light, when the Thing might be behind the curtain. Throughout October the visits were almost nightly. In the first week in November they sud- denly ceased ; and so many weeks passed away without a return that Mrs. Wharton began to be a little alarmed about her own wits, and to ask herself whether, after all, it was not possible that this was a trick of the nerves. One night in January that doubt at least was settled--for there, at the same bedpost, was the same face. Mrs. Wharton was now, after this interval, subdued at once. She had borne, for half-a-year, her pastor's suspicions of her digestion and of her wisdom, and now she really wanted sympathy. She let him tell her daughter (let him, rather than tell it herself, because he could make light of it and she could not) ; and she gladly agreed to let her daughter sleep wlth her. For long, she gained nothing by it. During the whole fortnight that the visits now continued, Miss Wharton never once saw the face. She tried to wake the moment her mother touched her, she tried to keep awake, but she never saw the face ; and after that fortnight it did not come again till April. One bright May dawn she saw it. Her mother pulled her wrist, and she waked up to a sight which burned in upon her brain. She suppressed a shriek at the moment; but she could tell Mr. Gurney of it afterwards without tears. She wanted that day to leave the house immediately; but the thought of her mother's long suffering with this horror, the consideration of the serious consequences of de- claring themselves ghost-seers in the town, and of the disastrous effect upon their property, and of the harmlessness of the ghost, induced her to summon up her courage and bear on. She did more. When a little inured, she one night sprang out of bed, rushed round the foot of it, and out upon the land- ing. The stairs were still dim in the dawn ; but she was confident that she saw something moving there--passing down to the hall. As soon as she could make the servants attend her, she told them she believed somebody was in the house ; and all the four women--two ladies and two maids--went, armed with pokers and shovels, and examined the whole house. They found nothing, neither in the chimneys, nor under the beds, nor in any closet nothing, from cellar to attic. And when the maids had recovered a little, they agreed what a tiresome and wearying thing it was when ladies took fancies. This was only their first night of disturbance.-- Miss Wharton called them up three times more ; and then she gave the matter up. The servants thought her strangely altered, and wished she might not be going to be ill. Thus matters went on for some years. The oddest thing was the periodicity of the visits. In winter they were rare ; but there was generally a short series in or about January, after which they ceased till the end of March or the beginning of April. They went on through nearly the whole summer, with one or two intervals of about a fortnight. The servants never suspected even the existence of the mystery. Their ladies never mentioned it ; and no article was ever displaced at night. The ladies became in time so accustomed to the appearance as to bear it almost without uneasiness. It occur- red to them sometimes, how odd it was to be living under the weight of such a mystery ; and they were silent when ghosts were talked about, and felt and looked very serious when they were laughed at ; but their alarm had subsided. The Thing never did them any harm ; and they had now got merely to open drowsy eyes to see if it was there; and to drop asleep the moment it was there no longer. This may seem strange to those who have not (and also to those who have) seen ghosts ; but we none of us know what we may come to ; and these two ladies reached the point of turning their heads on their pillows, without much beating of the heart, under the gibbering of a hideous ghost. One circumstance worth noting is, that the Thing once spoke. After one of its mocking nods, it said, "I come to see you whenever I please." When Mr. Gurney was told this, he asked whether the language was English, and what sort of English it was. It must have been English, as the ladies did not observe anything remarkable. As to the dialect, it had made no particular impression upon them ; but when they came to remember and consider, they thought it must have been the broad dialect of the district, which they were accustomed to hear in the kitchen, and in the streets and shops every day. This was all. Amidst the multitude of nightly visitations, no explanation-no new evidence occur- red for several years. Mr. Gurney was not fond of being puzzled--his plan was to dismiss from his mind what puzzled him. He seldom enquired after the ghost--and when he did, he always received the same answer. One morning, after this lapse of years, Mr. Gurney called to ask the ladies if they would like to join a party to see a glass-house. The residents of manufacturing towns cannot intrude in such places at their own pleasure, but (as is well known) take their opportunity when an arrival of strangers, or other such occasion, opens the door of any manufactory. Mr. Gurney was the first man in the town in regard to doing the honours of it. All strangers were introduced to him ; and the door of all show-places flew open before him. He was wont to invite his friends in turn to accompany him and his party of strangers to these show-places ; and he now invited the Whartons to the glass-house. Miss Wharton was unavoidably engaged at the school, but her mother went. When the whole party were standing near one of the furnaces, observing the coarsest kind of glass blowing, that of green-glass bottles--Mrs. Wharton suddenly seized Mr. Gurney's arm with one hand, while with the other she pointed, past the glare, to a figure on the other side of the furnace. "That's the face !" she exclaimed, in great agitation. " Keep quiet ; pull down your veil," said Mr. Gurney in her ear. She drew back into the shadow, and let down her veil, feeling scarcely able to stand. Mr. Gurney did not offer her an arm--he had something else to do. "Who is that man ?" he enquired of the foreman, who was showman at the time. The man enquired about looked scarcely human--he was stunted in figure, large in face, and hideous--making all allowance for the puffing out of his cheeks, as he blew vigorously at the end of the long pipe he was twirling in his baboon-like hands. " That poor fellow, sir ? His name is Middleton. He is a halfwit-indeed, very nearly a complete idiot. He is just able to do what you see--blow the coarsest sort of glass." Mr. Gurney wished to speak with him; and the poor creature was summoned. He came, grinning ; and he grinned yet more when he was requested to show the glass-house to the gentleman. Mrs. Wharton, with her veil down, hung on her friend's arm; and they followed the idiot, who was remark- ably light-footed (for a wonder), to the place he was most fond of. He then took them down to the annealing chamber; and then he observed it was "a nice warm place o'nights." Being asked how he knew that, be began pointing with his finger at Mrs. Wharton, and peeping under her bonnet. Being advised to look him in the face, she raised her veil; and he sniggled and giggled, and said he had seen her many a time when she was asleep, and many a time when she was awake ; and another lady too, who was not there. He hid himself down here when the other men went away--it was so warmed and then he could go when he pleased, and see " her there," and the other, when they were asleep. Mr. Gurney enticed him to whisper how he managed it ; and then, with an air of silly cunning, he showed a little square trap-door in the wall, close by the floor, through which he said he passed. It seemed too small for the purpose ; but he crept in and out again. On the other side, he declared, was Mrs. Wharton's cellar. It was so. Far distant as the glass-house seemed from her house, it ran back so far, the cellar running back also, that they met. No time was lost in sending round to the cellar; and, by a conversation held through the trap- door, it was ascertained that when Mrs. Wharton's stock of coals was low, that is, in summer, and be- fore a fresh supply came in in mid-winter, Middle- ton could get in, and did get in, almost every night. When he did not appear, it was only because the coals covered the trap door. Who shall say with what satisfaction the ladles watched the nailing up of the trap-door, and with what a sense of blissful comfort they retired to rest henceforth ? Who shall estimate the complacency of the good clergyman at this complete solution of the greatest mystery he had ever encountered ? Who will not honour the courage and fortitude of the ladies, and rejoice that their dwelling escaped the evil reputation of being a Haunted House ? Lastly, who will not say that most of the goblin tales extant may, if inquired into, be as easily accounted for as that appertaining to the good Mrs. Wharton; which has this advantage over all other ghost stories ;-it is perfectly and literally true. 