VARIETIES. i NEW MOTIVE POWER.- -At the Polytechnic I Institution a new mode of propulsion is now being demonstrated. It consists of a series of carriages carrying along with them their own motor ia the form of a tube, which is flexible and air-tight. This tube has a series of slide valves entirely under the care of a guard, who, by levers, has perfect control over his train. ] Along the whole line of railway is laid a pipe I I of any given diameter, in connection with ! ¡ which a series of pistons is fixed between the ¡ ! rails intended to receive the tube above-men- i tioned in its passage. In these pistons are atmospheric valves opening into the fixed pipe, which is always kept exhausted, so that when the train passes over the pistons the slide i valves in the tube are opened by means of in clined planes communicating with the levers, which levers are raised up on the train passing. The atmosphere existing in the tube to supply the vacuum, and the train is impelled by ex ternal atmospheric pressure. A FoKMDABLE UNDERTAKING.-An ardent social Reformer, writing to the Scotch Reform' ers' Gazette, purposes to " put down the un ve racities and annihilate (so to speak) the unre alities." Oisian's fighting with ghosts was a joke to this. HOAXING A GRIFFIN* IN INDIA.-Mention ing the breadfruit reminds me of an anecdote I heard while at Cochin, which made me laugh very much at the tin:e. 'Twas a trick played off upon a greenhorn of an ensign who hap pened to be passing through on his way to join his regiment stationed somewhere on the coast. Ile had heard cf a breadfruit tree in the com pound of his friend wi; h whom he put up, and expressed a wish to taste some of the produce. -" You will think it odd, (said his host,) but the bread and butter you will presently see on the tea-table are just as they come from the tree, except the outer rind, which is cut off ; we eat no real bread here, indeed thei e is not such man as a baker in the place ; all eat the fruit, which is considered much more whole some, being free from yeast or other ferment." -Really, (exclaimed the griff ) £ should like much to taste it."-*' So you shall-seeing, you know, is believing ; and in order to con vince you, we will pluck a ripe one off the tree to-morrow morning for our breakfast, and I will have a few friends here to partake of it with you; I must tell you that mine is the best tree in the place, and people are glad to get one of my loaves." In the evening tea was served, and a large plate of thin bread and butter placed on the table, which our hero tasted, and pronounced delicious. " Why ! (ex claimed he, quite delighted) it is exactly like what we used to have at home ; how very nice it is, and, (added he, helping himself again) is the bread ready cut and buttered in this way?" j -" Yes, indeed, (replied his friend) help your- J self, pray do not be afraid ; it is divided exactly as the interior of an orange, with a sort of pulpy substance in the middle, containing the seed. You shall see one of the fruit plucked with your own eyes, and judge for yourself." The next morning early griff was up and moving, longing to see this famous tree which produced ready-made bread and butter. But I must here inform the reader that, before retiring, his host had sent round notes to some of his friends in the place, inviting them to breakfast with lum at 8 o'clock, as he had some fun ".in 1 store for them'; and he had, with the aid of his chum and servants contrived to cut up a quan tity of loaves nice and thin, buttered them well, and had them placed together in slices, so as to form two Or three good-sized balls, lítese he had covered with the rind of the breadfruit, sticking it over them by means of little pointed wooden pegs ; he sent his servant up the tree, who fastened them in such a way that any one looking up would imagine that they really were the fruit growing oh the tree. The trick was a capital one : everything prepared, a table was spread sub tegmine of the tree, and then the whole party assembled to meet Ensign -?-, to whom the guests were severally introduced as they arrived. The good host of the house sent his servant, who was a party to the trick, to climb the tree ; he went up and picked two pointed out to him by his master; but by some clumsiness or other the fellow contrived to let one fall plump on the table ; the fruit burst, and behold the astonished griffin saw nothing but bread and butter ready for eating. The guests seized the rind and threw it away before th re was time for the poor lad to think of ex amining it, and commenced devouring the re mains as fast as the^ could, smacking their lips, and pronouncing the fruit delightfully fresh ; the master gave his servant a pretended kick ing, called him a clumsy rascal, and bade him run immediately, take off the rind from the other fruit and bring ft on table; this was done, and the bewildered greenhorn saw a whole round fruit of bread and butter fresh plucked in its natural shape ; there was no doubt of it, none whatsoever ; the fruit was culled and de voured so fast, tjiat he never once thought of looking for the pulp or the seed. Proof of the pudding is in the eating ; he ate and celie ved, and went away the same evening so confident in his own mind that bread and butter grew on : trees, that he begged his friend to allow bim to carry with him two or three, which he thought I the ripest, as a supply for his journey, in lieu of bread, which he had ran short of previously to coming into Cochin.-Hervey's ten yean tn India A WITTY FELLOW.-At the public office at Stourbridge, a short time since, a vagabond looking fellow was brought up, charged with stealing turnips, when the following conversa tion passed betweeu him and the sitting magis trate: Magistrate : What is your name ? Pri soner: Hare, but it's a misnomer, for Fm quite bald, and I aint swift like a hare neither, or I - shouldn't have been here. Mag. What trade j are you ? Pri. One of Nature'» journeymen. ; Mag. What's tl at? Pri. Don't you know? I mend the roads when they're out of repair. Mag. I know better; tell me, how do you live? Pri. Pretty well, sir, generally a joint and a pudding, or so, at dinner. Mag. I mean, sir, how do you get your bread ? Oh, I beg your Worship's pardon, sometimes at the baker's and sometimes at the chandler's shop; just as it happens. Mag. You may be as witty as you please, but I mean simply to ask you how you do ? Pri. Tolerably well, I thank your Wor ship, I hope your Worship is well. Mag. Hear me, sir! have you a wife, and how do you keep ber and yourself? Pri. My case is a pitiful one, sir ; I have a wife so ill that she is afraid she shall die, and it makes me ul to think she wont, for I can't keep her still in any sense, and therefore heartily pray tte fates may take a fancy to her. Mag. It is wrong my man, to speak of the king of terrors in that flippant manner. Pri, Oh, I don't fear him, I have lived too long with the queen of ter rors for that. Mag. Well, sir, but about the turnips, what have you to say to them ? PrL Nothing to say to them, your Worship, be cause they couldnt hear me if I had, therefore the less said about such stupid things the bet ter; it's enough to starve ¡one to think about them. Mag. But didn't you take the turnips found in your pocket? Pri. I, your Worship! certainly not; I went to sleep in the field amongst the turnips, and the three found in my pockets grew into them while I lay, the beat of my body causing them to shoot up faster, than ordinary; I steal turnips, your \vqrshqg*.. Fd scorn the action ! (Loud laughter*^//TiseX prisoner was dismissed with a caution, and, on leaving the court remarked that "he'd pray that his Worship's head might never grow grey, to prevent people from saying that he had used his jaws more than his brains."-Bir mingham Journal. 