GEELONG. TlHE GRneA GEOLOGICAL CO TKOYERST.-The Argus, the Times, and the Daily News are mere " monads" in geognostia discovery-they belong to the "eocene" period. Thero is no hope for them except the "Development Theory"- be authentic, when it might be predicated that the attainment of the "mollusc" might be their ad vanced state, in which they will be found im bedded in the palmozoic, fossiliferous strata of their silurian ignorance-mere invertebrates, crushed by lithological superincumbencies, and resolved into silicious' debris by subterranean incandescence. The whole of them will be meore palmozoic carboniferites. They will never attain the mezozoio group of cephalopodous molluscs, nor the cretaceous, but will remain in the eocene tertiaries, instead of being translated to the pliocene and pleistoceno deposits. With, these remarks we leave them to their palmozoic organisms, with a firm assurance that we have settled the question for ever by this lucid and popular exposition. TOWN COUNCIL - A meeting of the Town Council will be held to-morrow (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock precisely. Orders of the Day.- l. To consider and order on petition from the President of the Corio Cricket Club. 2. To cofisider' and order on letter from the Rev. F. Lewis, on re mission of town rate. Notices of Motion.-By Councillor Baylie: That the Council'do authorise a gratuity- to be paid to certain labourers em ployed by Messrs. Beazley and Lincoln, the con tractors in the formation of the streets. By Conncillor Harding : 'That tenders be invited for. the delivery of two thousand cubic yards of street metal. By Councillor Harding : That the Public Works Committee be instructed to take the ne cessary steps for levelling and completing the north end of Yarra-street, as far as Corneo Ter race. By Councillor Harding That the Finance Committee be instructed'to lay before the Coun cil a report, showing the number, f distress war rants that have been issued, with a return of how each warrant has been satisfied.. :TnE DOG FIsncER.-There is an anecdote'on record of a do- which found s "cheque" in Fleet-street, and ran off with it 'to 'the Bank. "How will you stake it?" said the cashier to bow-wow on its presentation. " In pannches," replied the dog.' Now, if a dog could be thmu observant of commercial customs, and adapt self. so readily to them, we may from analogy argue that under any set of circumstance, it might assimilate itself to them, and so it does.- There is a dog on the West Beach, which has established a fishery of his own. 'He may. be seen daily at obb of tide crab-eatching. He evidently under stands their molluscous domestic economy. He awaits their emerging from the oozing sand, and snaps at them instanlter.. Shouhld he 'miss 'his prey with his mouth, forthwith le scratches' it out' with his paw. He walks' to and :fro the shoals, watching their side-long duties, and then devours them. There is a story current that the same dog was seen fishing for oyster with his tail froms the end of the jetty, but this msiy be regarded as apocryphal until better attested. A GnnsT.-rolly, or mice, or both combined,. has been busy propagating a silly story which. contained the usual elements of an old wroman's tale, about a Ghost, strange noises, locks flying open, bolts and bars shaking, aid of course heavy tramping, without anything visible to' make the noise. A pair of Wellingtons was neen walking along a passage without any legs in them, the poker and tongs went waltzing to getlier to the tune of ." We met," plived by the bellows, which was metamorphosed into a musical snuff box. We mention.the case because it is the first of the kind in Geelong. It would be ad visablo thait all such SermnTs should be kept in Bo.sD. Tu WEATHER.-- Saturday evening closed with a fall of rain, and intermittent showers fol lowed until midnight, when the rain fell in one continuous torrent for upwards of an hour, accompanied by a high wind. Heavy showers fell during the night. Sunday morning was 'warm, followed by high winds and copious showers. The evening looked. heavy, large piles of clouds to the westward looked ominously black. The sunset was watery. The evening cleared .up to a finue starlight directly over head, but round the verge of the horizon hung dark strata oef clouds. 