YATALA ELECTION. MESSRS. ANSTEY AND GILES AT GUMMERACKA. A very numerous meeting of the electors of the district of Yatala, took place on Monday evening at the Robert Burns, Gummeracka, to hear Messrs Giles and Anstey, the two can- didates for the representation of the district, deliver their political sentiments. No small interest was attached to this meeting, as it appeared the first opportunity for the rival candidates to address the electors of one por- tion of the district on the same evening. At about 6 o'clock the largest room of the Robert Burns was crowded with the substantial far- mers of the neighbourhood, who, besides the inducements to meet mentioned, had another, that evening being fixed for the monthly meet- ing of the Gumeracka Farmers' Society. It was, however, thought advisable to adjourn the business, which was to make arrangements for the ploughing match, for a week; and ac- cordingly, the minutes of the previous meeting having been read by Mr Cave the Secretary' Mr Shannon, the chairman, took the sense of the meeting, which, decided in favour of the adjournment. Both candidates having arrived, the primary business of the day was then pro- ceeded with. On the motion of Mr Cave seconded by Mr Duffield, Mr. Abraham Shan- non was elected to the chair, and opened the proceedings with calling the attention of the electors to the fact, that they were a second time about to exercise the franchise. The two candidates for the honor of representing them were about to explain the political principles adopted by them, and he trusted that a fair hearing would be accorded to each, and that good order would be kept. He then called upon Mr Giles to address the meeting. After a short discussion between the candi- dates as to which should take precedence in addressing the meeting: Mr Giles, on being appealed to by Mr. Anstey consented to lead off. He stated that, in the heat of a contested election a great deal of misrepresentation was said to take place; he did not mean that such was wilful, but mistakes were often made through deafness, and occasionally, a dull ap- prehension. It was stated that he had said, that if Che Roman Catholics did not support their religion to an equal extent with other de- nommations he would not have others taxed to help them, and that he had an antipathy to Roaman Catholics. He would tell them a fact which proved to the contrary. In England he was the agent of a man of large property, who instructed him to distribute among the sick poor a sum of £30 a month. This he did but be it remembered, he never asked the re- cipient what his religion was. The donation was given to all, Deists included, and no dif- ference was made on account of the taker's religion. (Hear.) He would not have one sect taxed to support the religion of another. He was willing to suppose, for the sake of ar- gument, that one-half of the colonists were disposed to take the Grant the other half being opposed to it. Would it not be great injus- tice to call upon that part which opposed the Grant to pay their money in opposi- tion to what they considered to be right? But he believed a large majority of the colonists to be against taking it. The religion of Jesus Christ was one of love and good-will towards men; it commanded its votaries to go forth into the world; and to take neither purse or scrip. (Cheers.) It was said that there was now no fear for the Grant, —that it was a settled question—upon his honour, he fully believed, notwithstanding Mr George Ste- venson's statement in his paper a few days back, to the contrary, that the cause of the opponents of the Church Grant was still in jeopardy. (Hear.) He was astonished that Mr Stevenson's naturally power- ful mind had failed to grasp a little subject. The State Grant was far from settled, and it behoved the the electors to vote against the man in favour of it, or in favour of support of Religion any way. It was a principle which must be given up. Mr Giles was well known to them as a thorough radical ; the measure he would propose should be a thoroughly ever. If 100£ were taken, still the principle would not be given up, for if they took so much, they may as well take 1000£. He had really spoken so often, and so much, of the State Grant, that the subject was well nigh worn threadbare. (Hear.) He could not conceive the obliquity of mind which refused to see that the people must rule in the colony. [Hear.] He would even the Governor chosen by them, and the control of civil affairs and religion by vested in them. The People would appreciate the sacred trust confided to them, and would take ???? of it, showing by their moderation, the bad and wicked rule of priests and Oligarchies. He had had more to do with Roman Catholics, perhaps, than than any other person on the room, and was not bigotted against them. He was known to be the firm advo- cate of Civil and Religious Liberty. A Deist con- considered himself right, and should not be carried into profaming views contrary to his own. The Support- ers of the Grant said, "Let us do as we would be done by"—How then could they dreconcile that with plunging their hands into another man's pockets, and taking their money. (Hear.) Let the Deist pay for his runs, and the Jew for his Synagogue, and if the latter were so unfortunate as not to want any, let them be left as found, while they implored the Al- mighty in their behalf. (Hear.) Another assertion made was, that he, Mr Giles, could not serve two masters. Now, he tought he could. (Cheers.) he had at any rate done his best for the South Aus- tralian Company, and in public concerns he had always done his utmost. (Hear.) He did not pro | fess brilliant talent, but he did a sound judgment, and a determination to do what seemed to him for the best. (Cheers.) Those qualifications were, after all, the most powerful support. (Hear.) For the last fourteen years, he had worked seven days a week. Six days he devoted to the business of the Company. Six days he devoted to the business of the Company, and to the duties entrusted to him by Government, and one he occupied with teaching the religion of truth, and in imparting education to the young. (Hear.) He had endeavoured to do his duty between man and man, as long as he had been in the colony, and was sure that none of the Company's tenants would or could say that he had ever attempted to coerce or influence them in the disposal of their votes. (Hoar.) He had never, nor would .he, as long as he lived, ask any man for his vote; he was anxious that the electors should feel the true spirit of Britons, by giving their vote according to their conscience, bearing in mind the duty that devolved upon them, namely, to do justice to their country, and that without fear of their landlord or his agent. (Cheers.) To be told, therefore, that ho had endeavoured to frighten the tenants of the Company into voting for him was, a groundless charge ; they were at perfect liberty to vote according as their conscience dictated, and not to please him. (Hear.) And further, with respect to serving two masters, he believed all had two or three masters, and many interests to serve. (Hear.) Besides, the Company, he Mr Giles, had his Central Road Board duties to perform ; and from what he had seen that evening of the frightful state of the roads, he must say that he thought the services of the Central Board had been thrown away. (Hear.) Mr Anstey had had similar du; ties to perform. Mr Anstey—I don't belong to the Central Board. Mr Giles continued—Both had worked for,the best; and he, Mr Giles, believed, notwithstanding all which who said to the contrary, that Mr Anstey's land was far better than that through the Tea Tree Gully. He might be wrong in his judgment, (no. no,) but he came up that way (A voice,'" It ought to be better when a thousand pounds has been laid out upon it.") Most of the thousand was laid out on the plains. (Hear.) Now Mr Anstey had as well as he, two masters to serve, ( Hear and oh, oh ) He had his family to keep, and his apples to grow. (A laugh) He had his duty to perform to his gar den, and had so far fulfilled it, that it had produced some of the largest apples in the colony, and some wonderfully big melons ; and he, Mr Giles, wished that he could make as much of them as Mr Anstev, (A laugh) There was no reason why a man could not perform his private as well as his public busi- ness. There was no argument worth half a dozen a dozen words to show why he could not do his duty to both. (Hear) With regard to the squatters, he differed from Mr Anstey. He thought it a most serious matter, and considered that a guard should be kept over the squatter's motions, and that pur- chasers of land be protested against them. There was not a great deal of available laud, and the public must take care there was no monopoly. If a seven years lease were granted, and during that time a certain nnmbcr of acres were sold, the hun- dred should be declared, and the hundreders placed on an eqnal footing with the. squatters. The squat ters would have to go back and seek out other places for their sheep. If all had a pre-emptive right, they would of course take the best part of the run—that where the homestead or head station was always situated, and that, he would neither give to Mr Anstey nor any one else. (Mr Anstey, " I do not claim it. I never did claim it."; It had also been hinted by his opponents, through the me- dium of squibs published in Adelaide, that he, Mr Giles, was too old and too stupid to learn. (Shame) When one was old, he was apt to be ob- stinate. Now that was as bad as being too pliable, and he had always endeavoured to observe a pro- per medium between the two. (Cheers) As for brilliant talents, those God had given to few, and it was well known, that the most brilliant talent of the colony was out of the Council. He had said that he was not possessed of brilliancy of talent, but that was not the whole required by a constitu- ency. They wanted integrity of purpose and sufficient common sense to take up and promote the cause of the people, and so to plead it as to redound to the glory of God and the benefit of that splendid colony of which it might be truly said, that it was the won der of the world. (Cheers.) He was one of the old radicals, and had always advocated Universal Suf frage, which none but a lawyer could define a mean- ing other than, giving the franchise to every honest man of twenty-one—of course not the blacks. (Laughter.) Such a man had as much property to lose, namely the honest labour of his hard working hands, as Mr Anstey with his garden had. (Hear.) He was liable to be judged and condemned by the laws, he therefore ought to have a voice in making them; it was his birthright, and no other man should be permitted to take it away from him. (Cheers.) He, Mr Giles, was chairman at the first meeting on the subject of the Ballot, and he was even more anxious now to see it achieved than he was then. There should be no nominees, but four, who would sit in Council ex officio, and they should be chosen not by the Governor but by the Council. (Cheers.) He should never rest satisfied until the Governor himself ceased to be selected by the Lady at home, he meant the Queen. Mr Giles sat down amid considerable cheering. Some little bye play followed, which was exceed- ingly amusing, Mr. Anstey asking to see Mr Giles's notes that he might follow that gentleman's address in all order. Mr Giles however declined, and after a little good humoured bantering on both sides, the Chairman called upon Mr Anstey to proceed. Mr Anstey said he desired on the present as well on all other occasions, to explain his political views as fully as possible, and as Mr Giles had touched on several matters of importance, he never in the whole course of his life felt a greater wish to deal with the matters so brought forward. (Hear.) Be- fore he proceeded further he would address himself to a subject which was rather more generally di- lated upon by Mr Giles than the others. Certain charges had been brought against Mr Giles, accus- ing him of religious intolerance towards that sect of Christians denominated Roman Catholics. He, Mr Anstey, desired it to be fully understood that he had ever felt convinced of Mr Giles's freedom from prejudice on religious grounds, so far as the rights of citizenship were concerned. He (Mr Anstey) could not be suspected of hostility to the old religion, for some of his dearest relatives and friends were of the ancient faith. The Roman Catholics had not, like the Independents and Bap- tists, certain political consequences arising out of their peculiar faith to seek out ; they looked upon nothing irrespective of Christianity, and allowed that all were deserving of equal consideration in the eyes of the state. Mr Giles commenced his address with a reference to the Church Grant, and he, Mr Anstey, had been taunted for calling it a trumpery question. He repeated that it was most miserable and trumpery. It was pretended that the Grant swallowed up all other questions—that liberal prin- ciples were as nothing; for if a man declared against all aid to religion, all the points most inter- esting to the welfare of the colony were considered as small fry. He deprecated such an abominable perversion—that the liberties of a people should be sacrificed if religion were allowed to stand on its own basis. Mr Giles had greater text from scrip- ture, and he, Mr Anstey, would willingly confess that he was not able to grapple with Mr Giles in that respect. (Hear.) They had heard Mr Giles quote that the religion of Jesus was not of this world—that neither scrip nor purse may be taken. He confessed that this was a stumbling-block, but still, if they would. consider, the question, it would be found that he, Mr Giles, in his simple sincerity, had fished out an argument meant to support his own cause, when it might be tamed as especially against him and others of his sect, for if the electors could look into Mr Giles's, pocket, they would doubtless discover that he had got a purse there at that present moment. (Laughter, and Mr Reynolds —" No, he hasn't.) Scripture also declared that there must not be two coats ; he would be bound that Mr. Giles had more than two, and though Mr Giles is exonerated, the sneer which he had escaped did not exonerate others; associates of these sects, whose peculiar province appeared to be leading a simple person by the nose, by giving out that cer- tain things were denounced in the New Testament. (Cheers.) He remembered some texts whose im- port was something like a denunciation of making broader philacteries than others, and greetings in the streets, bat he would draw no parallel. If scriptural texts were followed, neither one nor the other would stand unconnected. (Hear.) The miserable clap trap was not intentional on the part of Mr Giles, and from what had taken place, the precedence of the ordinary practice on such occa- sions was doubly fortified in his Mr Anstey's mind, and he was sure that the sacred writings had far better have not found their way into that scene. (Hear.) Mr Giles declared that it was unjust for one man to be compelled to support the religion of another, and, for the sake of argument, consented to consider the colonists into two halves, one for, and the other against, the Grant. He, for one, be- lieved that on one side the opponents of the Grant had led by the nose a simple-minded and trusting people by a tissue of most contemptible lies, which in some instances were so often retailed, that the authors themselves at last believed in the truth of them. (Laughter.) He did not consider it injus- tice to say what he did—that the majority of the people should, if they pleased, have the privilege of making a law for granting a small portion of the public money as a stimulant to the voluntary prin- ciple. (Cheers.) Mr Anstey then proceeded to detail his views upon the Church Grant in nearly the same terms as at Walkerville and Salisbury. Under any circumstances, he was prepared to op- pose the present Grant, for it was imbued with that fatality which attended nearly all the acts made by a certain individual. Should he be returned to Council, and his party confined to him the task of introducing a bill containing provisions of the same nature as the views he had expressed, he would not shrink from the honorable responsibility. (Hear.) He would contend that he was more the exponent of liberal principles than Mr Giles. That gentleman appealed to the holy name of scripture for texts which did little good to his arguments. Mr Reynolds—I thought, Mr Chairman, we came here to hear Mr Anstey's sentiments, not under standing that he was only going to follow Mr Giles. (Hear, order.) The Chairman decided that Mr Anstey should be allowed to take his own course, and in the event of fear of misapprehension, questions could be put to him when he had concluded. Mr Anstey continued—When Mr Giles had dis- posed of the Church Grant, he descanted upon the possibility of serving two masters, and bore witness to his having grown good apples. Before he went further, he wished to place upon record that during the course of a long acquaintance, he had never known Mr Giles to be guilty of a disreputable action, either direct, or with what was termed a Pickwickian reserve. He was an old friend of ten years' standing, and was a respectable, good, and honest man, to whom no fault could be attributed, save that he had allowed himself to be mixed up with a peculiar party, whose turn he was to serve. With regard to serving two masters, an adversary might fairly say that God was served on the 7th day of the week, the ordinary converse being that a certain other person was served in the other six days. (Loud laughter.) There was one point upon which, as it appeared to him, Mr Giles had not come out with his customary ingennousness. It was not to be expected that a man could touch pitch without being defiled, and he, Mr Anstey, fancied that there were some indications of dirt about it. He had no intention of alluding to fire engines at the Port or to the Roman Catholics, but the poor squatters. (Laughter.) It was strange that those opinions should not have manifested themselves before, the Company sold their sheep at Rivoli Bay, three months ago. (Hear.) But he supposed this might be traced to the dirty agents acting on behalf of the League. Mr Reynolds—The Squatter's League? Mr Anstey—Acting on behalf of your or the Anti- State, or some other League of the sort. [Laughter.] Had Mr Giles been in the habit of reading the daily or weekly papers, he would have seen that he, Mr Anstey, had bestirred himself against pre-emption on the part of the squatter. Mr Anstey explained to the meeting, as at his pre- vious meeting, his opinion with regard to the extent of pre-emption, which the squatter should be al- lowed to claim, viz., that he should be entitled to claim a reasonable approach to the homestead, and on land, on the run being purchased, be accorded a commonage for his stock, as in ordinary hundreds. He then proceeded to state his views upon Evacu- ation, which have been already fully reported by us; as also, his animad versions upon the League, with regard to their having put Mr Hanson forward, and for whose defection he considered them accountable to the constituency, wittily remarking, that (the election baked meats coldly furnished forth the Governor's table), or rather, that the broken pledge meats furnished an economical side dish for his Excellency's dinner table. Mr Anstey's address was loudly cheered through- out. The Chairman having called upon Mr Giles to reply— MrjGiles said the League had had only one meeting since the elections were first talked of; and that that only lasted a quarter of an hour, the only busi- ness transacted being the voting a grant of money to a member. Mr Anstey and Mr Baker had shouted " the League'' as a sort of war cry, but the League was a bugbear, a ghost, a bogie. (A laugh.) He was in favor of an exclusively secular education, for if that were the case all denominations could be instructed without any difference in point of creed. The attempt to found a general school on differ ent principles had signally failed, and he, Mr Giles, knew of a lad, the son of Jewish parents, being re moved from the establishment by his father, on the ground that he could but kneel down and hear prayers read which would bring his religion into contempt. He had been compelled to remove a son of his from the Collegiate School for a similar rea- son. He preferred that his child should participate in the family prayer, rather than in that form used at the school. The lad was allowed by the master to be absent until the prayers had concluded, but he found that he lost a " mark" by so doing. Religion should not be touched in schools, and then all de- nominations could partake in the blessings of edu- cation without fear of contention on religious grounds. (Cheers,) Mr Anstey said, with regard to the child referred to by Mr Giles, as having been removed from the school by his father on account of the contempt his religion would be brought into, if his son knelt down to the prayers used; that the parent himself had told him that the lad was not removed from the school on any such grounds. The father was a person of the highest respectability, and incapable of an untruth. The prayers used were merely an invocation to the Deify in the morning, praying him for support during the day, and in the evening thanking him for that support, the Lord's prayer being added. Although the lads boarding with the master were of the English Church, Mr Randall, a gentleman more bitterly prejudiced than Mr Giles himself, had two sons boarding in the master's house. (Hear and. cheers.) Mr Anstey then re- ferred to some complaints of the school with res- pect to unnecessary learning, which he stated was only the old practice of bending the head When the name of Jesus occurred in the Apostle's Creed. Mr Cave asked Mr Giles whether the Company's tenants had been solicited, on his behalf at his re- quest. Mr Giles—They were not; they were told to vote according to their own conscience. Mr Cave said he knew that two of the servants of the Company had been soliciting votes of the Com- pany's tenants for Mr Giles, but Mr Giles having repudiated that they had acted under his direction, the matter was settled. Mr Cave—Did Mr Giles, on any occasion, when called, upon to appropriate 200£ to the Talunga Board, reply that there was no money; and after- wards state that the sum was to be expended on the Bay Road wbieh led to his own residence. Mr Giles—I did no such thing. (Hear.) Mr Fisher—What will Mr Giles do with the Dis- tillation Act ? Mr Giles—Knock it on the head. ( A laugh.) Mr Reynolds then proceeded to question Mr Anstey as at Walkerville, Mr Anstey replied by reading the questions and answers which have al- ready appeared twice. An exceedingly warm and personal discussion followed, between Mr Anstey and Mr Duffield on the subject of the letter written to the former by Mr. Thomas Giles. Mr Duffield denied that he had ever made use of words conveying the spirit pointed out by Mr T. Giles—Mr Anstey was called upon to retract certain expressions made use of by him in reference, but refused to do so. For fully half-an hour the conversation carried on was of the most excited nature. Mr Reynolds having asked Mr Anstey to what cause he attributed the loss of his election, he said, to having fought a one-sided battle without the appliances and undue means made use of by his antagonist's friends. He added that although a number of gentlemen put their names down as his committee they did not do much, and neglected even what would come within the scope of a com- mittee. It was not from apathy to his interest but from a want of knowledge and experience in elec- tionering tactics. A few other questions were put to Mr Anstey and replied to by him. He then stated that although Gummeracka had been proclaimed a polling-place there was no mention of where the poll was to be taken, no notice having been affixed to any house in the district. He was compelled to believe that from the known hostility of the Governor the omis- sion was intentional, the object being to injure his cause, that district containing a great portion of his supporters. The business of the meeting was then brought to a close, and a memorial was got up by the electors present to the Returning officer and the Colonial Secretary, notifying the omission, and praying that if necessary the usual notice of polling place should be affixed to some house in the district. 