STANLEY AND GAWLER ELECTORAL DISTRICT. [From our special reporter.] Clare, May 7th, 1851. | The Court of Re-vision for the electoral district of Stanley and Gawler was opened tliis day at the Court-house of Clare, l)Cfore Wm. Slater, Esq., Special Magistrate, J. B. Hughes, and C. Hawker, Esqrs. The time named for opening the Court was 8 o'clock; but on our arrival at the Court- house we found no preparation made beyond a table and two stools about four feet in length, belonging t.> the j polica, and placed there by them without any directions. I We were informed that £35 had been voted for furnishing I the Court above three months since, and the estimate given | for the required alterations six months ago, and yet not j the slightest step has been taken to make the Court fit for , the purposes to which it is designed. Another thing struck t us as somewhat peculiar, viz., a horse-police barracks with | oat any stabling; the consequence is, that when a mounted policeman is wanted i;i a hurry, lie has to take the chance of an hour or two's hunt through the romantic glens and wild scrub of Clare 111 search of his horse. The distance of the Court-house, nearly a mile from the town, is justly com plained of by the inhabitants as a serious inconvenience. Mr. Fisher appeared for Mr. Younghusband; Mr. Wearing for Mr. Walker. The Clerk of the Court read a letter from the Colonial Secretary, appointing Mr. Slater as Special Magistrate, and stating that his appointment would appear in the next Gazette. Mr. Fisher wished to know if their Worships considered that letter a sufficient authority. Mr. Hughes referred to the 18th section of the Ordinance, and handed the letter to Mr. Fisher. Mr. Fisher having read it, observed that it was a mere intimation of the intentions of the Governor. He then proceeded to say .that the other Magistrates were not to be appointed by any, one, but ought to be those who would be the sitting "Magistrates in the usual rotation. He thought that the Clerk of the Court had no right to summon any particular Magistrate. Mr. Hughes observed that there were no Resident Magis trates within 10 miles who could be summoned. Air. Gleeson could not act, as he was Returning Officer. Mr. Fisher thought he could. Mr. Hughes had been informed by the Colonial Secretary that he could not. Mr. Fisher-Then the Colonial Secretary is wrong, for there is nothing to prevent the Returning Officer from act ing. However, the most serious part of the affair was the constitution of the Court. He was afraid it was not legally constituted, but still it would ba too perilous a thing for the Magistrates not to proceed and hold the Court on the authority of the letter. Sir. Hughes observed that, if the Court was not legally constituted, the whole proceeding would be null and void. Mr. Fisher-Certainly. Mr. Slater-Then there would be no electoral list, and they Would all be placed out of the Constitution. Mr. Fisher said it was all too true, but still he saw nothing for the Magistrates to do but hold the Court, It was no fault of the Magistrates, Mr. Hughes thought it would be unnecessary to read the whole of the lists, but simply the names of those who were objected to. Mr. Fisher and Mr. Wearing both took this view. Mr. Fisher thought that the appointment of the Collector should be the first thing proved. Mr. Greenslade was called and asked if he had been appointed. He replied in the affirmative. Mr. Lenon, the Electoral Clerk, said that there had been a second appointment, namely, of Mr. Kenny. Mr. Kenny had been appointed by a letter from the Colonial Secretary. He had not it with him, but would produce it shortly. Mr. Fisher said that Mr. Kenny had never been gazetted, and therefore it was no appointment. . Mr. Hughes said that the same objection would lie against the constitution of the Court, aud therefore, as they had determined to go on with the Court, the Court must over rule the objection. Mr. Fisher thought he could furnish farther objections from the letter itself, when produced. The Magistrates then proceeded to take the list of non claimants. Mr. Fisher held that no claims could be received unless sent in by the Electoral Clerk previous to the 1st of April. Mr. Hughes thought it would be sufficient if the parties could prove that they had transmitted their claims previous to the 1st, without obliging them to prove that they had reached the Electoral Clerk. He thought it would be very hard in country districts if another course were to be pur sued. In the North there was no post office, and he knew that a number of electors had clubbed together, and sent a man with theirclaiins, who got drank,on the road, and did not arrive in time. Mr. Wearing contended for the lenient view of the case, id refcred to the decision in the case of the East Torrens '">rs, where it had been decided before Mr. Wigley, Elecu. considered a sound authority in these cases, that who was " before the 18th were admissible. Now, if claims sent i*. '- to the East Torrens, where the con that was applicab*. 'ion were s6 great, it should surely veniences for transmit. "rantry districts. a fortiori be applicable to 'tation, resolved to adhere to The Bench, after some consu*. their first proposition. 'iced his letter of Mr. Kenny here returned and prm. '^©d the 24th of appointment from the Colonial Secretary, a*. March. ,r col Mr. Fisher said the Governor could not appoint aii. lector after the 1st of March. Mr. Wearing held that by the 18th clause there wf)3 a power reserved to the Governor to make an appointment after that date. ' - ' ^r* that it was only in case of incompetency or insufficiency of a previous appointment, and that must be proved m this case. - - , .. ; 1"ke BemA, after a consultation of some minutes, thought they must, abide by die letter of the Colonial Secretary. ' ' A gMM^aBIU^pn: p»;: sons could not-. knbwto "whom they snt)dd? send inr ttdt -i oinTinH ?".'.' ?" O-" :: »?? TheCourt.adhered to the decision, and,.having called for fliW liBtg of- Mi-. G^nBladfi and'^r. Kenny, it appeared thatMr.Greenslade'sliBt was sentin oh the 2nd, and Mr. Kenny's on the 1st. . , - Mr. Fisher wished Mr. Kenny to be sworn as to: Ins. having recived his appointment; and as to having affixed -a notice according to the form required by the Act. Mr. Kenny swore that he received his appointment on the 27th of March, and immediately affixed the proper notice on his own house and that of Mr Nowland. The Bench, after considerable consultation, said that they TiaJ come to die determination to require the new claimants to appear «.nfl substantiate their light to be put on the < electoral lists. Mr. Wearing said that Mr. Greenslade should be exa mined as to when he forwarded the lists to the Electoral Clerk, as he had been informed that Mr. Greenslade's lists did not come in until the 2nd of April. Mr. Fisher thought Mr. Wearing ought to produce his informant and swear him, as he considered the remark to involve a censure on the collector. Mr. Eisher thought their Worships were bound to abide by the electoral lists as presented to them, unless there was something appearing on the face of them to invalidate them. Mr. Wearing could not see how such a doctrine could be held, when, by the 18th clause, a power was reserved to the Magistrates of correcting errors and supplying omis sions. j On taking the new claims, considerable difficulty again: arose as to now the^gnch was to proceed, since the Elec toral Clerk stated tbi^ty the Act the new claimants could not be bound to appear to support their claim, unless served with summons to do so. Mr. Wearing thought it would be a great hardship to adopt such a course. j The list of new claimants was then read. The first names were-The Revs. Michael Ryan, Richard Counsel, and Henry Johnson; whose claim had been handed in by the Rev. Mr. McGwynne, the Catholic clergyman of Clare, the evening of the 1st of April. It appeared the property concerned was that on which the Catholic chapel was built. Mr. Fisher would offer no objection. The claim was consequently admitted, and the remaining new claims gone on with. The following names were called out, and no one appear ing to support them, they were struck out:-Samuel Cohen, John Killacky, George Isles, John Chewings, Charles Hay ward, William Spicer, George Fitzgerald, Alexander Lang Elder, Robert Taylor, Thomas Tapley, Henry Giles, Robert Burfield, Thomas Lipson, Edmund Bowman, Thomas Burr, Henry Alderson, William Callis, Martin McNamara, Henry Nooke, William Hicks, Henry Magor, Michael Davey, John Trenhere, William Allen, Thomas Powell, James Edward Woodford, Edward Paling, Thomas Magor, Wm. Hugh, Wm. Bine, Wm. Richardson, John Thomas, John Mitchell, Wm. Lewis. In the following cases some discussion ensued; William Elder Farrington. His father appeared to sup port his claim, but on examination said he knew nothing about when the notice of claim was sent. Struck out. John Bentham Neales. The claim was dated the 18th of March. The Electoral Clerk said that it had been sent by mistake to the Kooringa district, and redirected. It did not reach him till the 8th of ApriL The Bench were about to admit this claim and some others similarly situated, when Mr. Fisher said he should require the production of the post-mark. The Electoral Clerk offered to go for it. The Bench could not allow the business of the Court to be delayed, and the claim was struck off. William Moore appeared in person. Had sent in his claim some time in March. The notice was dated 4th of ApriL His name was not William. Another person sent in the claim. By Mr. Wearing-He had authorized Mr. Hawker to send it in for him. Mr Fisher-He was bound to sign the claim himself. ? The Bench-Perhaps he could not write. Mr. Wearing submitted that the Bench could entertain the claim if claimant could swear that he had either sent it in, or caused it to be sent in by some other person.. The Bench-The question was, did the claimant fill up a form according to Schedule D. It appeared he conld write. Claimant did not fill up any form previous to that dated the 4th. The whole of the claimants were struck off except the first three. The general lists were then taken for the objections. Edward Dowling-leasehold, section 212, Wakefield street-was the first name objected to. Mr. Wearing appeared to support the objection. Mr. Fisher supported the claim. The Electoral Clerk produced the notice served on him. Mr. Tyler proved the service of the notice on Mr. Dow ling's premises on the 15th. The Bench wished to know the nature of the objection. Mr. Wearing said that the onus probandi laid with the other side. Edward James, examined by Mr. Fisher-Had seen an agreement for a lease, and a receipt for drawing up that agreement. It was for a lease for more than five years, at a rent of £15, with right of purchase. Mr. Wearing submitted that an agreement to lease was, in law, not sufficient, though an agreement to let might be sufficient; second, the agreement ought to be in Court. George Young, examined-Had let the Land for five years (the section 212). Claimant had another section (213), for which a lease was prepared for three years. He would have the lease for section 212 as soon as he could pay the lawyer's expenses. He had been put in possession of the section. The Bench considered there was no lease proved. The claim was therefore struck out. Hugh Faghan, section 39, freeholder, Hutt River. The notices having beau proved, and no one appearing for him, his name was struck out. James Henwood, householder and freeholder, Armagh. James Owens proved the service of the notice. By Mr. Fisher-He did not sign the original notice, but had authorized another to sign for him. Mr. Fisher submitted that the notice was bad, for two reasons -first, that it was not competent for the party serving the notices to authorize any one else to sign lbr liiin; and, se condly, it was not in the form required by the Act. The Beuch having referred to the Act, thought, as to the second objection, it would come under the wordsi ?' or to the like effect." Mr. Fisher submitted that it must be signed by thi party serving the notice. He would quote authorities to prove that it had been decided over and over again that the party must sign himself. He would put the case of costs: when that notice was brought into Court, Mr. Owens might deny that it was signed by himself. Mr. Wearing maintained that it was sufficient for the party to have admitted that he had authorized another per son to sign it for him, and that admission would enable their Worships to make an order for costs, which costs could be recovered in a court of law. The Bench decided the notice to be good. Mr. Fisher wished to know whether their Worships de cided that-although it had been proved that Mr. Owens had not signed the notices himself, and had not addressed the notice served on the Electoral Clerk to the Electoral Clerk-the notice was good. The Bench wished to examine the witness again on this point. James Owens then swore that he had served a notice on the Electoral Clerk which was addressed to him, and pro duced a copy. By Mr. Fisher-His reason for not signing the notices was that he had not time to sign them himself inasmuch as he was not aware that the notices would have to be served until the 15th of April. Mr. Fisher-Then how came you to date this noticc on the 14th ? (A laugh). The Bench dccided in admitting the notices. John Hall was examined by Mr. Fisher to' prove the six months' occupancy. By Mr. Wearing-The house was worth £10 per year. The house was not actually finished before six months. Mr. Wearing contended that six months' occupancy had not been proved, since the first residence was only proved from the 16th of October, and the house -had been built piecemeal. He maintained that the 1st of April must be taken as the boundary of the six months. By Mr. Hughes-The house was not finished six months ago, and the claimant had not lived in it for six months. Claim struck out. William Edward Edwards. William Owens was the server of the notices in this case as in the former, and so much difficulty was experienced by Mr. Fisher in getting direct aitswers to his questions, that he felt obliged to appeal to the Bench to notice the witness's mode of trying to evade the questions. Examination continued-The notices were made out on the 15th, but dated a day back. Mr. Fisher-How came the notices to be dated back ? Witness-He was not bonnd to answer that question. The Bench thought it was taking up a deal of time to be cross-examining in this manner. Mr. Fisher would of course not cross-examine the witness if the Bench thought he should not; but it wits very unusual for a counsel to be interrupted in his cross-examination. Mr. Wearing concluded that it was sufficient for the ' witness to have sworn that the substance of the notice was the same as the copy produced, and that it was served on the 15th. The Bench held the notice to be good, aud wished to hear *'"? claim supported. . ^isher was instructed to support the claim, but after i, . of the Bench as to examining witnesses, he ! t . appear for the claim. j ?V ' Objection abandoned. should decline u. - ... " *he Notice-server, and, as he ] m. FiSdlSSuea v Premiae8' cUdl»j coqld not swear that he levied Jt. ^ iiras jibandoD^fe;{^.'j^ toiie" fflbsd by $hfi^3auit, asnot corresponding with-the ao$y | $ble witness Iravingfnvnrnj jri'hwt Wammirfami in lie had served a .truecopyjon Owen Jones. .-..-. .. ':'. Tte Section was abandoned; - . . The rfaimn.nt. npplipj fer wimjaiiiiitimij jnit. Irii; pliiinnnui disallowed. : : . - . : JolmEodgei»IibonsehoTdery-8petitm93,Arniagb. Oar oldfeiemd, John Owens, tire Notice-server, 'again ap peared with his shade-and amanuensis, Robert Murray, who hadeignedand witnessed this, as almo8t ali bis other notices. The elaimwas about to beBtruckoff, when Mr. fisher observed that there was no suehname as that mentioned in the notice on the lists. 7 Oncomparing this original claim, the name was found to be Rogers,though entered in the electoral lists and notice as Sodgers. - _ Mr. Wearing contended that,having followed the electoral lists, it was no fault of theirs. The notice was held good and the claim was struck out. Andreas Samuelknosky-It was contended -that the proper name was Samuelovski, and considerable pains were taken bythe Corut to ascertain the true spelling, as Mr. Fisher wished to have the name corrected on the list. The objection was held to be good. Much discussion arose as to the.right to prove the ffa-im. Owen Jones proved that the premises and land were worth more than £15 per year. The claimant, examined by Mr. Wearing-He paid £1 per annum. Was not naturalized; Did not begin to live in it till November. _ By Mr. Fisher-Paid the same rent as he did for the sec tion before he built the house. He had built the house him self. ' Mr. Webb-The house was worth £12 to £15, and he had resided above seven months. Claim disallowed because he was an alien Mr. ffrn. Owens-Again was notice served, and the unmn Bobert Murray had signed that notice. The same series of questions were put. By Mr. Fisher-Had served the notice on the premises, but could not swear that it was in Armagh. By Mr. Wearing-The claimant had applied for a house in Clare and Armagh. He believed the house was in Ar magh. It was on the same section as Faddy Butler's, and that was always called Armagh. By the Bench-It was claimant's usual place of residence. Mr. Fisher said, as it had not been proved to have been served on the person himself^ it must be proved to have been served on the premises. The Court decided to admit the objection. Mr. Webb, surgeon-The township belonged to Clark. The section was called the Emu Flats until the new village of Armagh was established. The house was not on the section called Armagh. Patrick Butler, examined-The house the claimant was living in was on the same section as his own, and that was licensed for Armagh. The house might be 400 or500 yards from the boundary of the section called Armagh. The Bench thought the objection was good, and the house was in Armagh. No one appearing,to support the claim, it was struck out. James Parker, householder, Armagh. John Hall was called to prove the occupancy, but being unable to do so, the claim was struck out. Charles Farrington, housekeeper, Hutt River. Mr. Otven was again the notice-server, and in answer to Mr. Fisher said, he would not answer why he signed the copies, but would not sign the originals. Mr. Fisher contended that he was bound to answer the' question, and appealed to the Court to oblige witness to do so. The witness had not time to sign them, and had there fore authorized Mr. Murray. By Mr. Waring-was not a very expert penman, but Robert Murray was. Mr. Farrington, examined as to the value of the property -It was worth £10 per annum, he slept there seven nights in the week. By Mr. Wearing-Where did he sleep the eighth night ? Witness-Perhaps Mr. Wearing could tell liim, Mr. Wearing-Was it not in the vestry ? Witness-Yes: Mr. Wearing-Oh! then von are qualifying Tor the Church. Witness-It was not a Church, it was a temporary Church. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw said he paid seven shillings per week ; and Mr. Farrington was his tenant. Mr. Farrington took it at a peppercorn rent, to keep out thieves, and robbers and ghosts if they came. Mr. Webb was receiving £17 a-year from Mr. Bagshaw. Mr. Fisher concluded that it was sufficient to have shewn that the property was worth £10 per annum, and that it had been occupied for six months; the Act said nothing about the payment of rent. Mr. Wearing contended that this ivas a straining of the meaning of the Act, that the question of the rent must be taken into consideration. The claim was allowed, John Collin, householder. Mr. John Owens, the notice-server, cross-examined by Mr. Fisher-Would swear that Mrs. Kingsland had not signed any of these notices for him. Mr. Fisher would be glad if Robert Murray were requested to write the name of John Owens. Robert Murray, the amanuensis, then wrote John Owens on the back of the notice, and Mr. Fisher attached his initials to it. By Mr. Fisher-Had served it in the section said by Collins to be occupied by him. Could not swear that it was section 961. Mr. Fisher would move to have the list amended, as, it was not on section 961 that claimant resided. Mr. Wearing said that witness had sworn to having served the notice at the house reported to be that of Collins, but it would be impossible to define every hair's breadth in or outside of a section. Mr. Fisher would again move that the description on the list be amended to 1950, and it would show that a little more strict proof as to service than Mr. Owens was in the habit of giving should be required of him. Mr. Collins was sworn, and stated that he was a house holder on section 1960, in the Emu Flats. He had occupied the section for more than nine months. Had paid six month's rent ui January last. By Mr. Wearing-Had three rooms. They might be called three houses, or perhaps only one; that must depend upon the opinion entertained by the learned gentlemen. They had been built more than six months; one had been built from the beginning of the world; it was a hole in the hill dug out with a pick. This witness, as well as several others, were exceedingly pert in their leplies; and an unusual degree of forbearance was shown by the Bench towards them. The Court disallowed the claim. Jolin Hall. Freeholder. The Notice-Server cross-examined by Mr. Fisher-Had authorized-others besides Mr. Robert. Murray. Mr. Wearing contended that as the Court had decided that such a deputation of authority was allowed, his learned friend, in reopening the question, was out of order, and consuming the time of the Court. Mr. Fisher contended that he did not wish to argue the case again, but as the witness was on his oath, and said that one particular person had signed one particular notice, he might have it in his power to prove that it was signed by somebody else. Was he to be allowed to do so or not ? Mr. Wearing contended that the Court should allow Mr. Fisher to ask if Mr. Owen had signed the requisition him self, or had deputed another; and if the latter, whether he recognised that notice as having been signed as he had au thorized ; and then no further question should be asked. The Be ich decided in favour of Mr. Wearing's view. The question of the claim was then gone into, and much "discussion ensued as to the proper description, and to the amendment of it. The Court allowed the claim to be amended; that he was householder as well as freeholder, he having sent in his I claim under both descriptions. On the question that claim should be allowed Mr. Wearing contended that as the amendment was allowed, Mr. Hall should be called on to prove his claim. Since he was only known to the public from the electoral lists as a freeholder, they had no means of objecting to him as a householder. Mr. Fisher contended for the contrary view, as it was no fault of the elector that he was wrongly described. The Court decided that the claim should be supported by the examination of the claimant. A long discussiou ensued on the six months' occupancy, and as to whether the 1st of April or the 8th of May should be the terminus, Mr Wearing contending for the 1st day of April. Mr. Fisher argued as to the meaning of the words " where a registration was established." The present registration was not yet established, nor would be until the revision and correction of the lists were completed, which would not be until the 15th of May, or it would involve the absurdity of the registration for the next election beiug considered to be that of the uncorrected and unrevised lists, and not of the revised and corrected lists, as required by the Act. The Court decidea the 15 th of April should be the ter minus of the six months occupancy. Ezra Kay. Mr. Fisher would not support the claim, as he was not allowed to ask questions as to the signature. Disallowed. John Webster. The same course was pursued by Mr. Fisher in this case. James Goldworthy- Notice proved. Claim disallowed for not sufficient evidence. JohnBuBsicock. Struck out. Win. Ralph. Struck out. Henry Berryman. John Hall, called to prove the occupancy-Had-been there more than six months. Was Captain of the Emu Mine. Did not know if^he paid rent. Did not know if Captains paid rents. Mr. Fisher thonght the question had been decided within these twodayB,at Kooringa,,«« not affectingtheclaim, and that occupancy was sufficient. 1 Mr. Wearing then argued at some length that the Act must be construed to mean an occupancy with interest, or Mr.Fisher read the words of the Act, where no mention, was made of rent. . The Bench wished to know if Capt. Berryman paid rent. Mr Fisher thought the Bench could not entertain the question, as they most; be bound by the words of the Act. The Bench thought the claimant had not substantiated his claim. Mr.Fisher was entitled to know the grbundsof the dis franchisement ; as an elector could not be disfranchised without the grounds being stated. - The Bench-Because lie was a servant of the Boyd Mining Company and bad no beneficial interest. James Chalmers, freeholder and leaseholder, section 140. Huttfiiver. James Francis proved an eighteen months' occupancy of the section. Mr. fisher then read a letter from Mr. Chalmers, de claring that he had purchased the section since 1849, in con junction with another person; they were partners In every thing, and his partner had a sufficient house on it, and that, with the fencing and'other improvements the property was. worth £400. Mr. Wearing objected to the letter, as having been got: up by Mr. Younghusband's Committee, and at its having been written by Mr. Chalmers's dictation. Mr. Francis was cross-examined by Mr. fisher as to the: influence used by him with Mr. Chalmers. . He then pro ceeded to question him as to Mr. Hawker's Committee, and as to Mr. Hawker's brother and two active members of Mr. Hawker's Committee constituting the present Bench. Mr. Wearing contended that Mr. Fisher was quite out of order in thus making an attack on the gentlemen who were constituting the Court. He himself could bear witness that it was against the wish of Mr. Hawker himself that he was sitting on the Bench, and only in consequence of Mr. Ja cobs having not taken up his qualifications. He (Mr. Wearing) had suggested a plan by which Mr. Fisher him self might have relieved Mr. Hawker front the painful ne cessity of sitting; and he considered it to be a most unjus tifiable line of .conduct for an advocate to make such re marks on the constitution of the Court, for it amounted, in reality,.to a charge of corruptibility. He had reason to think that this attack, though apparently incidental, was preme.- ditated. Mr. Fisher claimed a right to reply to Mr. Westing's ob jections, and, in so doing, he begged to say that so far from the question being premeditated on his part, as stated by Mr. Wearing, he ought, perhaps, as Mr. Younghusband's; . legal advocate, and as Mr. Hawker's best friend, to have: formally, ab initio, protested against the constitution of the: Court and the legality of its proceedings; but he ab stained from doing so out of motives of delicacy, he-, would not have referred to it at all but for Mr. Wearing re flecting on the conduct of Mr. Yonnghusband's Committee. Again, he had not accused the Court of being corrupt, nor called its constitution in question; he had merely stated the facts that Mr. Hawker's brother and two active canvassers in Mr. Hawker's interest as a candidate formed the Court to decide on the claims of his opponent's friends to possess the right of the franchise. He himself had drawn, and would - draw, no conclusion, nor had he made any charge against the Court. It was altogether a matter of inference, the public would form their own conclusions. Mr. Slater begged to state for himself and Mr. Hughes that they had never attended any meeting of Mr. Hawker's Committees. Mr. Fisher produced a copy of a newspaper, and said that their names appeared on Mr. Hawker's Committee in the printed list. Robert Martin. After some discusion, the notice of objection was proved, and the claim was disallowed, Mr. Fisher declining to support it. James Martin. The service was held to be proved, and claim disallowed. Robert Martin appeared again, but no notice could ba proved. Mr. Wearing said that there were two persons of the name both claiming for the same property. One had gone to England, and therefore the Bench must require a proof of the claim from the other Robert Martin, as there might be in all cases duplicates of claims sent in; and if the claim was lost under one objection, then the claimant might stand on his duplicate. Mr. Fisher said there was no objection but to one Robert Martin, and therefore the Court could not entertain the claim of any other Robert Martin, since one was struck off the list. He then referred to the proviso of the 15th clause of the Act to shew that no name could be expunged from the lists except in case of death, unless there was an ob jection formally made to it. The name was allowed to remain. John Bryan. In this case, the Notice-server, Johu Owens, was ex amined as to having compared the notice with the copy, and a great deal of evasions and equivocation on the part of the witness took place. Mr. Fisher concluded by requesting the Court to impound the two copies of the notices. Mr. Fisher then proceeded to examine the witness as to the value of the property, but could elicit no direct answer. The claim was allowed. Wm. Gerard-Claim allowed. Service not proved. Robert Rogers-Claim allowed. Objection not proved. Edward Burns. The claim was disallcnved, the property not being considered of sufficient value. Samuel Robinson, freeholder. The notice was proven. Claim allowed. ^ John Baker, Hutt River-Claim unsupported. Struck out. Francis Wickhert. The notice of objection considered good. In the course of examination it came out that the Notice-server, John Owens; had sworn that the house was on section 38, whilst from the original claim it appeared that the claimant had a freehold on 38 and a house on 71. The claim was allowed to stand. Adam Mackelvy, householder. The Notice-server was again subjected to severe cross-examination, and another instance of his loose swearing was elicited from him, since it appeared that the notice was not a copy of that which, in his examination in chief, he had sworn that he had served. The Court thought the notice wis however sufficient, inasmuch as it had been served at the house. Mr. Fisher said it was not a question of where, but what was served; he held the notice was incorrect. ' The Bench amended their decision, and thought there was not sufficient notice. The claim was allowed. Alexander Paul was objected to on the ground that he was not a householder, but merely occupied one on Messrs. Younghusband's property at Crystal Brook. The principal evidence was that of Mr. Younghusband himself, who stated that Paul was a servant of his firm, and ! received a salary, a house, and rations. The house was built for the purpose. By Mr. Fisher-If the claimant had to pay rent, he (Mr. Younghusband) would have to pay him more wages. Mr. J. B. Hughes-is the house for the exclusive use of Paul, or for the benefit of the public ? Mr. Younghuoband - No more for the benefit of the public than your own house is for the benefit of passing .strangers. Struck out. Lcsiie Sibbold, Dougald Cameron aud John Gilas were struck off on the same grounds. Peter Ferguson was objected to as being the overseer of Mr. Younghusband. Mr. Youughusband said the claimant had an equitable interest to the extent of one-fourth in a section that was worth £1,000. Name retained. Jessie Jones was struck out. James Cummings and Alexander Ure were objected to, but notice not being proved, the names were retained. John Smith, John Banister, George Williamson, C. H. Webb, Patrick Mclnnerny, Michael Gasson, Hugh Lynch, E. T. Home, W. Hughes, Patrick M'Mahon, Samuel Har ford, R. A. McKinley, John Canoll, Howr Sor, and James Guugon were objected to, but their names were all retained, the objections not being sustained. Thomas Thompson was struck ofl^ Mr. Fisher not defend ing the claim, as the Court had disallowed a preliminary objection taken by him. The Conrt adjourned at half-past 9, having sat 12 hours, and was adjourned till 8 o'clock on Thursday morning. Thursday, 8th May. The Court opened shortly after 8 o'clock. Mr. Charles Hawker said, before the proceedings of the 1 Court commences allow me to make a few remarks in refer ence to something which fell from Mr. Fisher yesterday, with respect to my sitting here to adjudge cases" in winch my brother, as a candidate, is interested, I applied a fort night ago to the Governor to be released from sitting at this Court of Revision, by sitting on the Bench at the Burra, and I have also done all I could to get another Magistrate to take my place here, and I arranged with Mr. Jacobs to sit as the third Magistrate. When Mr. Jacobs arrived here, however, yesterday morning, it was ascertained that be was disqualified from sitting in consequence of not having taken the proper oaths. No other Magistrate residing within many miles of the district, I am compelled to sit upon the Bench. It is therefore not from any wish of my own that I sit here, but if I did not there would not be a foil Bench. Mr. J. B. Hughes also wished to state that he was not, nor ever had, acted as a member of Mr. Hawker's com-' mitee, or canvassed in his favour. Mr. Fisher, understood that Mr. Hnghes was not only a member of Mr. Hawker's committee, but a canvasser also. The proceedings, as to the admission and rejection of the claims were much more rapid than onthepreceding day. The following were returned in consequence of Insuffi ciency of notice or objections .withdrawn;--John; Eeter Brady, Forbes Bruce, Gordon, "William Thomas,' Thomas 1 Cox, James Bentley, Wm.Eecord.- John SM^. - jfiiies .? . Wright, John Butcher, J. N. Wcr^ Christopher MafcthewB, Maifiri Wantin, Hemy Wiley* James Frederic Johnsitii; Murray. Setde Walters. W. FatdlWg. EmanuBl 8olomoii; J. .S, Ciark, Gy S. JOngston, Johi) Baker^ ArohftaldJafirey, |8®' ;jG£ ^1 ^°^s closodtho list ofMr. Hater's objections. Most of these olgectionB &iled;,in consequence of the mistakes made by Mr. Greenslade, the Collector. Mr Wmthir IBM TOiy mdignant.' and remarkedthat the frequent errors made in&edetatiral; list throughtiie fault 2ihis CoUpctorrenderedthelist quite a fiction. /Hie Bench' called uponthe Collectorto state howit was that so many mistakes bad been made. Mr. Greenslade saidthat thefault washis, and spoke oF -want of time to do them correctly. ' The Bench reprehended his conduct in strong terms. The objections served by Mr.- Younghusband's party were then gone into.to the number of 44. The following names were allowed, to remain, in conse quence either of. the objections being withdrawn, or for failure of proof to substantiate, them:-James Hamilton, E. J. F. Crawford, G. Elder, jun., Wm. Elder, T. A. Mountain, Arthur Horrocks, James Badcock, G. B. Yates, Wm. M. Simmn, Dennis Kenny, Charles Gladdow, James Cleary, P. Lewis, John Jackson Holton, Edmund Lmel, John Beid, and G. .Crosby. Lewis: Kranewitter, C. C., householder, Hutt Kiver SlIt appeared that the C.C. was meant for Catholiti Cler ^Mr/VVearing contended the notice was bad, as the mnmber of the section was omitted. The thought the notice sufficient. Mr. Nowlan was called to prove the claim. Mr. Krane witter £20, and had occupied two years. By Mr. Fisher-Did not know that he was a Gtirman, never having been in Germany himself. Mr. Fisher took this opportunity to observe that this was the first of the on Mr. Kenny's list, and the Bench would remember that he had taken objection to his appoint ment in the commencement of the proceedings. As this case might involve serious consequences, be should wilsh to see the original claim in this instance. "Mr. Fisher then continued his cross-examination of Mr. Nowlan, as to the handwriting of Mr. Kranewitter. nww Webb, surgeon, examined by Mr. Fisher-The claimant had told witness that he was an alien, and [there fore should not register. Did not remember the exact -words, but he had told him so much in substance. Mr. Wearing contended that better evidence ought to be given of the claimant being an alien. The disfranchise ment was highly penal, and he trusted that the Bench would require the strictest proof. . Now in any case this -would hold, and he was sure the Bench would not* disqualify a clergyman who had been resident in the neighbourhood for two years. It should be clearly shown that claimant under stood the legal meaning of the wolrd "Alien," and cer tainly something more definite than a casual renuvrk made in conversation, as to his calling himself an alien, ought to be required. Mr. Fisher said it was competent in the Bench, to send for Mr. Kranewitter. The Bench thought there was sufficient proof of qualifica tion, and not sufficient proof of his being an alien; the claim must therefore stand. J: B. Yates, occupation license, No. 63. The notice Berver was absent, and the claim was al lowed. George C. Hawker, freeholder, Bungaree. Owen Jones, cross-examined by Mr. Wearing, as server of notice-Thought it was Mr. Hawker's land; could, not Bwear positively; had served it on Mr. Hawker, junior, but could not say whether the person on whom he served it was inside or outside the fence; he had served it at the stock yard. Mr. Fisher contended that the cross-examination -was irrelevant, Mr. Wearing must appeal to the Bench to know whether he might be allowed to proceed with his cross-exami nation. The Bench thought the witness seemed to be very doubt ful as to the service. Mr. Fisher had offered that as the notice was served on the brother of the plaintiff, who was now sitting on the Benchas a Magistrate, if the Magistrate would state that was not his brother's property, he would give up the case. Mr. Slater begged to say that the Mr. Hawker on the Bench was not the brother on which the notice was served. 1 Mr. Fisher-Oh! that alters the case. Alfred Hawker, cross-examined by Mr. Wearing-Saw Jones coming up to serve the notice, and went up to meet him- the notice-server was on the premises, and he was out side.' Would not swear whether he stretched his hand across the fence to receive it or not. The Bench held the service to bo sufficient, as the Act said "at" the premises. The claim was struck off. Wm. Lenon, household property. Wm. Lenon, examined by Mr. Wearing-Had taken a lease for 18 years from Mr. Wright of an acre of land; the lease was with Mr. Fitzgerald, Ins lawyer.; there was a me morandum of agreement, containing the words " to let" and to take; the memorandum was executed in January last. Had entered into the arrangement as to the taking in August. Did not consider that in March last he was qua lified as a householder. A letter was produced by Mr. Fisher; and he was proceeding to comment on passages, when Mr. Lenon begged it might be read entire. Cross-examined by Mr. Wearing-This letter was sent to Mr. Allen, of the Tims, as a private communication, at his own particular request, to furnish him with information as to the election movements in the district. This was wrote under the veil of private confidence, and there was nothing in it of which he was ashamed. Mr. Wearing-There certainly was nothing of which he need to be ashamed. Examination continued-Witness had referred to his qualification as a householder, when he said in the letter that " he thought he had no vote." Vote retained. The following objections were substantiated, and the names struck off:-George Chadwick, J. W. Cowley James, Wm. Waters, George Cabb, F. Seyton, Thos. Smith, B. J. Child, J. Holman, Wm. Burbidge, Julius Victorson, P. Natty, A. and H. Cohen and Co.. H. Wailand, N. Tomline, Wm. Ashly, Peter Spargo, Rev. C. Bagshaw, H. Haythorne, Edwin Green. This closed the list of Mr. Hawker's ob jections, which amounted to 93; of these 34 were sub stantiated. Mr. Younglmsband's were 44 in number, of which 22 were substantiated. Mr. Fisher then handed in the following protest: " Protest by J. H. Fisher, as the Counsel for and on the part of William Younghusband, jun., Esq., against the ad mission and reception of notices of objection which arc not signed by the objecting party, and also against the admis sion of claims sent in to Dennis Kenny, assuming to act as Collector. " I protest against the admission and receipt of such no tices as those referred to, because the Ordinance No. 1, 1851, being silent as to any right to appoint an agent for that purpose, as a consequence the signature of the party himself cannot be dispensed with. That there is a wide difference between the common law of a right of a party to do acts which he is authorized to do 'by the hands of an agent, and the right of appointing an agent to do acts required by a Statute. And that -when a Statute requires the signature or writing of a party, if the right to appoint an agent for the purposes of the Act as intended to be afforded, the right is expressly given. " 2. Because the said Dennis Kenny is not a duly-ap pointed Collector, and could not therefore act as such; and that the Electoral Clerk should not have published notices of claims received from any other than Greenslade, the duly appointed C llector. "J. H. FISHER. " 8th January, 1851." Mr. Fisher then begged to observe that, as the proceed ings of the Court were drawing to a close, he wished dis tinctly to disclaim any intention in the remarks made by him yesterday of imputing anything improper or corrupt to the Court: the observa tions were drawn from the remarks of his learned friend and Mr. Younghusband's committee. He wished to take this opportunity, in his own name and that of Mr. Younghusband, to state that the proceedings of the Court had been conducted by their Worships most satisfactorily to them; and for himself he must say that he never saw proceedings conducted in any court more impartially or ably than they had been in this, and he had to thank their Worships for the courtesy he had experienced from them. Mr. Wearing fully concurred in the remarks which had just fallen from Mr. Fisher, and begged, on the part of Mr. G. Hawker and Ins Committee, to concur in the thanks which had been given to the Bench. The Court then closed at half-past 6. Gdmebacka.-A correspondent complains that there is no Local Court in this populous and important dis trict, and that the most convenient police-station to apply to in case of outrage is Adelaide, the distance to which (he says) prevents many from appealing to the law, and gives, in consequence, a comparative impunity to evildoers. Some time ago two men were detected robbing the house of John Mulcahy, and all'that could be done on the occasion was to ' prevent the completion of the offence. Had there been a policeman stationed in the neighbourhood, the thieves might have had to answer for the outrage at the sitting of the Supreme Court next week. The policeman's presence might also prevent cattle-stealing-an offence by no means rare in thin district. Our correspondent goes on to explain that there is a difficulty for which he can point out no remedy that will operate to prevent the establishment of a Local Court-there is not a Magistrate residing within the com pass referred to; and as the inhabitants are almost en irely tenants of the Sout^ Australian Company, some difficulty may be experienced in finding suitable persons to fill the offifse.' Our correspondent has taken occasion to remark on the superior cultivation, neatness, and stability of erections remarkable on the purchased holdings ascompared with the : rentod farms. f " , : 