k. Mr. BEAUMONT is, wo are glad to hear, progres- sing favourably from the eifeot of his late acci- dent, and .we are the more disposed.- to give pub- licity to this circumstance, owing to a foolish rumour having obtained circulation in reference to this unfortunate gentleman's decease. DISTILLATION.-Hie Governor has proclaimed the premises known as tho Brisbane. Distillery, a place where tho business of a Distiller may be carried ou. . CIRCUIT COURT.--A Circuit Court will be holden at Bathurst on Monday, tho 17th day of February next. The remnants of a human being, alluded to in our issue of Saturday, having undergone the neoossary investigation before Mr. Bethel Lyons' Court at Parramatta, havo been forwarded to Sydney in order, if possible, to trace identity. DISEASED MEAT.-Tho Commission, to inquire into the prevailing epidemic, have sent in.a pre- liminary Report, in ellcot, stating, that- no but- cher'"could oller tho meat for salo with any chanoe of deceiving tho public," owing to certain appearances founa to accompany the progress of tho prevailing disease. This is satisfactory. ' FRAUDULENT lNSóLVÉNOY.--Mr. Hughes' caso will como pri'thia morning nt 10.o'.olook. LAP? MACQARIE'S ghost hus of late been ' haunting the Police OfBca Powers, Not Jong ago tbé indignities of youthful sculptors who with :M Brummagems" rudely carved their coarse de- signations ou her chair attracted their attention. On a recent occasion the mere fact of a respecta- ble citizen bathing beneath the sacred seat aroused the ire and bronght down the vengeance of Her Ladyship's worshippers. Sergeant Sounness has been enlisted by Neptune, as the guardian of the retreat, and his first recruit was the Landlord of the "Horse and Jockey," who from simply in- dulging in the " deep, deep, sea," was yesterday mulct in £5 and costs by Mr. Dowling. APPOINTMENT.-Thomas Ho<rg has been ap- pointed Inspector of Slaughter-houses, and cattle to be slaughtered in the district of Braid- wood. \ SQUATTER'S REGULATIONS.-His Excellency the Governov^per proclamation, in yesterday's Govern- ment Gazette, has published the Queen's Order in Council, confirming the new regulations respect- ing the leasing of Crown lands. ? . MISSING DOCUMENTS;-Rumours are ..afloat; relative to certain actions, about to be instituted by way of flourish to the interesting . disclosures The names of more than one member ot that August body has leen mentioned as the selected victims of indignant Aldermanio fury, and after the inflexible integrity (a hem !) . of, the eoterie has been thus privately appeased, doubtless the Press, that obnoxious Engine will come in for a share of castigation. PUGILISM.-Some members of the fancy, named respectively George William Jasper, Patrick Sinclair, George Young, Frederick Foster, John Cooper, Simmons, and Aby. Davis, who had been yesterday arrested on warrants issued by Mr. illegally aiding and abetting in a fight, on Saturday last at the Waterloo paddocks. After ascertaining that it was a fair stand up fight, half minute time, according to our new rules, &c.; Mr. Dowling fined the principals one pound each, and the accessories ten shillings each, giving them one day to find the needful. PIC Nie.-Great preparations are making for Mr. Hill's entertainment at Vauclouse,which is to be celebrated on Thursday next, and to which it is understood upwards of 1300 have been united. THE SAND HILLS.-Mr. Pearse, the indefatiga- ble chief ranger, applied at the last sittings of the City Council to have an allowance of two men for the purpose of assisting him in re- converting the Surry Sand Hills into a scrub, as every south east gale drive hundreds of tons of sand* into this town ; we apprehend no outlay would be deemed superfluous to remedy this evil. LICENSING,-A special meeting of the Justices of Peace, for the district of Windsor, will be holden on the 4th March next. JVI'Lerie, teared to answer the charge of 