FOREIGNERS' PORTRAITS OF ENGLISHMEN. (From the Household Words.) The extraordinary being, conjured up in the minds of most foreigners under the generic term Englishman, seems to be something more uncommon than the vera cious Gulliver ever encountered, and more heterogenous than John Bulwer in his Artificiall Changeling pourtrayed. As a Spanish olfa podrida and a Devonshire squab-pie are said to be made up of all the contradictory edibles that can be con- ceivably assembled in one dish ; so is the hash, cooked up by the French or German novelist and dramatist to represent a true born Briton, an incarnation of every un- likely extravagance it is possible lo assem- ble in one character. The true expression of what is popularly believed of us abroad is not to be found so distinctly set forth in novels, as in plays. The novelist is restricted in a measure within the not narrow bounds of probability ; but the dramatist may first revel at will in the rankest breadths of impossible absurdity, and then the actor may intensify the enormity by dress, gait, and unmeasured foolery. The amount of instruction on the manners, habits, feelings, modes of expressions, ges ture, dress, and general demeanour of his compatriots which an Englishman may glean in some of the foreign Theatres, when an Englishman is being represented on the stage, is perfectly astounding. We have in this way become acquainted with English characteristics of which the most comically inclined maniac could never dream after the most dyspeptic of suppers. It is not long since the mirror held up to Nature-that is, English nature re- flected bythe French-revealed to us, at the Ambi tu Comique and at the Theatre des Varietés, in Paris "that of ourselves whih yet we knew not of"-dreamt not of. One gentleman who supported not only the character of a Prefect, but an enormous cocked-hat, assured us that when we were at home, we groaned under the tyranny of a feudal government, which ground us to the dust; that our Commonalty was over ridden and harrowed by tax-exacting aris- tocrats; that they died of starvation in heaps; that if they dared to call their souls their own, the latter were sum marily released from their bodies by a perambulating police disguised as members of the Royal Humane Society. In another scene the same public in- structor told us, that all Englishmen (of course including the starved commonalty) possess enormous wealth,which they usually employ in the purchase of " Le titre de Lord;"-an unnecessary outlay, as every person not a tradesman receives that title as a matter of course. Yet this avails them little, as the different orders of our nobility hold no communication with per- sons of higher or lower rank : our national pride preventing the one, and the best of all reasons-" because they can't''-the other. Our patricians ride abroad fol lowed by armed retainers; nor is any vulgar person allowed to come between the wind and their nobility : the streets being expressly cleared for them by constables. When at home, however, seated in a golden chair, in company with the Spleen, the "jeune Miss," his wife, and a "boulle dog," a native of our kingdom passes his time chiefly in drinking lea with lemon in it, and saying, " Hoh ;-Hah !-Yeeas !- Gottam !-and ver gut !" Our ladies are a little too much given to fighting, and a little too lightly won. We sell our wives. This is a very common mercantile transaction indeed. A "pen" of no mean dimensions is appropriated in Smithfield for the interesting periodical auction. Our Queen makes away with many millions a year, and cuts off the heads of any person to whom she may take a dislike, or hangs thom,without the inter vention of judge, jury, or any other functionary than the executioner, who -another Tristam the Hermit-is a regular member of the royal household. We are, however, for the most part, a harmless and ridiculous race, affording excellent sport to innkeepers and adventurers. We eat prodigiously. Indeed, so great is our love for good cheer, that we name our chil dren after our favourite dishes. If a per- son in good society is not called Sir Rosbif, he will probably answer to the name of Lord Bifstek-in honour of fhe two great national dishes, which we have spelt in that manner from time immemorial. In a pretty piece at the gymnase in Paris, where the Prime Minister of En- gland unfortunately ruined himself by speculating in Railway Shares, a thorough-going English servant ap- peared under that thorough-going English name Tom Bob-the honest fellow having been christened Tom, and born the lawful son of Mr and Mrs Bob. In an Italian adaptation of Dumas' preposterous play of " Kean," which we once saw at the great Theatre of Genoa, the curtain rose upon that celebrated tragedian, drunk and fast asleep in a chair, attired in a dark blouse fastened round the waist -with a broad belt and a most prodigious buckle, and wearing a dark red hat of the sugar loaf shape, nearly three feet high. He bore in his hand a champagne bottle, with the label Rhum, in large capital letters, carefully turned towards the audience ; and two or three dozen of the same popular liquor which we are nationally accustomed to drink neat as imported by the half gallon, ornamented the floor of the apart- ment. Every frequenter of the Coal Hole Tavern in the Strand, on that occasion, wore a sword and a beard. Every English lady presented on the stage in Italy, wears a green veil; and almost every such specimen of our fair countrywomen carries a bright red reti- cule, made in the form of a monstrous heart. We do not remember to have ever seen an Englishman on the Italian stage, or in the Italian Circus, without a stomach like Daniel Lambert, an immense shirt frill, and a bunch of watch- seals, each several times larger than his watch, though the watch itself was an impossible engine. And we have rarely beheld this mimic En glish man, without seeing present, then and there, a score of real Englishmen, suffi- ciently characteristic and unlike the rest of the audience, to whom he bore no shadow of resemblance. These edifying pictures of the English are not complete without the finishing touches of grotesque absurdity vouchsafed by the actors. A few winters ago we were enticed into the little theatre of Coblentz, by the information paraded in large placards on the doors that it was " very-well warmed ;" that Auber's Opera of Fra Diavolo was to be played, and that the part of Lord Allcash was to be personated by a distinguished comic actor. Even while we write, his lordship is before our mind's-eye, blazingly costumed in a green coat, blue inexpressibles, top boots, a brace of yellow handkerchiefs sticking out of either pocket, a couple of watches, and a hat with a feather in it ! Yet if they do not know something of the ordi- nary appearance of an English traveller in Coblentz, where should they ? He must be at least as well-known there, as in Devonshire or the Isle of Wight. So in Brussels, where the English almost outnumber the native population, the audiences relish a curious amount of ignoratice respecting England and the English ; as the dramatic personas of a piece exhibited so recently as last May, at the Theatre St. Hubert, will show. It was called " La Lectrice, ou une folie de jeune homme. Comedie Vaudiville en 2 actes, par M. Bazard." It must have had a considerable run ; for the play-bill states that M. Ferville had created a great sensation in the character of "Sir Cobridge," at Paris. We have some idea that " Sir Cobridge' must be intended for the Sleep ing Partner in a Porter-Brewery, and that the name is a dreary reminiscence of the popular individual Sir Co, made easy of remembrance by sign-boards. But the first personage we have occasion to men- tion is, ".Sir Arthur" (jeune officier), who has no other name, and who has no occa- sion for one, everybody calling him "my lord," according (as he observed) to the usual form of address in England. Sir Arthur considers it the first duty of a British officer to insult a respectable blind old gentleman- who is moreover his guest, because the blind old gentleman ventures to insinuate something against one of the officers of Sir Arthur's regiment, through whom he has suffered severely. This chi- valrous young nobleman, disdaining all inquiry into the circumstances, at once constitutes himself champion of every in- dividual belonging to the entire British army. The next personage is a young gentleman possessing (as he observed) a name extremely common in Britain, to wit, " Clac-Own." The actor of this part was fitted up with a wig of violently red hair, like a carriage-rug, and was dressed in a kind of fusion of an English jockey with a French Field.Marshal. Expecting to in- herit the vast possession of his uncle, Sir Cobridge, Clac-Own passed his time, ac- cording to the custom of Anglican nephews in such cases, in giving his uncle to under- stand how extremely inconvenient he finds his society, and in informing him that " Shak-es-pair"-who, being Sir Cobridge's favourite author, is naturally the avowed bugbear of Clac-Own,-is an insufferable bore. This is going too far ; and the wealthy old gentleman (who has quietly submitted to every other species of per- sonal insult from his intended heir,) is so shocked by this contempt for " Shak-es pair," that he feels himself compelled to sing a song ; wherein he demonstrates, in the most lucid tira- lal-a-la logic, that Clac Own is very decidedly in the wrong. The scene concludes by Sir Cobridge ordering Clac-Own off, in some very deep bass notes, to " Le Lincoln !"-an idiomatic place of banishment, that would appear to be very popular among us, though whether it stands for Coventry, Bath, Jericho, Halifax, or any other such place, we are unable to report. Clac-Own, Sir Arthur, and several others having assembled at a later stage of the proceedings to go out hunting, the Belgian public perceive that our usual equipment for that sport is a white tailed coat, light blue breeches, patent leather hessian boots with brass spurs, a red neckerchief-such as one may see whispering to the gale in Field Lane or Wapping,-a turned-down shirt- collar, a gun, a cutlas, and an enormous game pouch. Tims arrayed mid mounted on the " chevaux fougueux" of our island, sve pursue and capture the crafty fox. -When sve add that Monsieur Bazard, svho is-tbe author of this singular produc- tion is of the opinion of Boinrdo, that Ihe English have an especial talent for falling off their horses-ni:d no wonder, riding across the country in -such trim!-we have described the leading points of this accu- rate picture. Most of these distorted viesvs of English life originate with the French svith whom sve have had most intercourse, and who ought to knosv us best ; but among our German and Austrian friends, the dramatic caraca turists have a very hard hit at us now and then. Only last month we were attracted to the Carl Theatre, in Vienna, by one little line in a play-bill, which announced a new piece, the English title of which is, " The Benefit Night." Herels Hie line Lord Pudding, u Travelling Englishman.. Mr Heoso. In rigid obedience to the law, which has impressed the names of eatables upon the eaters thereof, the author had christened his "pock-pudding-Englisher" (to borrow a pleasant periphrasis from Scotland), out of the pot. Nevertheless "The Benefit Night"-in which we think we descry some reflection of avciy good French ' vaudeville -is written with considerable cleverness and wit. The plot was chiefly evolved from the endeavours of a mannger to obtain the assistance of certain eminent " stars" of the profession for his benefit. He first presented himself to a great singer who wns, of course, nfflictéd with ii bad cold, but who was at length frightened into voice, by hearing that a rival had already agreed to sing his part, and by an assurance | from the manager that the new singer had already taken everybody by storm at the rehearsal. A great tragedian the manager won by flattery ; " the food of gods" being I the only thing worthy the acceptance of1) so august a personage ; and a dancer he bribed by assuring her that the wealthy Englishman, Lord Pudding, would be in tho house especially to fall in love with her. Ile also promised a troop of experienced claquer« to applaud her new " pas," We were introduced .to Lord Pudding as ho appeared while indulging in the sin- gular fancy of taking a lesson in Elocution from a German actor ! His personal ap- pearance was wondeiful to behold. He i wns Mutch stuffed out with wadding' to in- ¡ crease his natural proportions, and his coat | was such as the tailors- not only of Pall. Mall and St. Jnmes's-street, but of any English "extraction or habitation what- ? soever-would soo with nmnzc. It was j composed of a blue dress coat, with white buttons, a red waistcoat, nankeen tights, shoes of polished leather, and long hi ass spurs. His neckerchief was a bright blue carrying the eye pleasantly up to a very white hat with an imperceptible brim. The author appeared to have studied the manners of our aristocracy with exceeding diligence ; for, to the usual peculiarities which may be considered the " stock" of foreign theatricals, he added some strik ingly original features. Lord Pudding was, of course, a lover, and of course an unsuccessful one : he was jilted by the French dancer. When he duneed he was made to tumble ; when he salute! a lady he gave his lips a loud smaik. Ile enteied a room like a whirl- wind, and between his paroxysms of " fuss" our usual friendly salutation "Gottnm" wns icpeated many times ¡ to the enthusi- astic dclitiht of the audience, who believed it fo be a polished sort of " How-d' ye- rlo ?" He was quite the Clown to the Ring; and had the long pockets-in which that gentleman usually searches for the chalk when it is lequired for the tight- rope-well-filled. Nor was Pudding stingy with his money. Despite his hard usage by the ballet-lady, he was liberal to the manager. Though wrathful, he was of easy faith ; being readily imposed upon, and peculiarly sensible to flattery, by which means he was induced to take three boxes for the benefit, viz., one for himself; one for the policeman who had been in constant attendance on him Bince his arrival, to restrain his inveterate pro- pensity for knocking down the lieges of the city (so intense with his love for " the bonks ;") the third for the exclusive occu- pation of-, his boulle-dog ! One or two little touches, which distinguished his lordship, showed that the actor was, at least, an observer. Such were, "the hat pushed back from the crimson foi ehead, the heavy rolling wnlk, and a strenuous objection to be kissed-all particularly English. Other specimens of the genus we had Ïireviouslyseen,however, showed that Lord 'udding wns a vciy fair example of nu English gentleman on the German stace. We cannot but believe that though amusing, these caricatures-exhibited as they are too ignorant and prejudiced minds -tend to confound the just relations be- tween one people and another. Perhaps friendly excursions on both sides of the channel may do much to lessen these absurdities. Unfortunately - as recent publications too well prove-the mistaken estimate of the English is by no means corrected by the graver works nosv and then put forth by distinguished men. Highly as we esteem M. Guizot and some Frenchmen of real attainments, svho have written upon England, we have never taken up a book on the subject without painful disappointment, or svithout seeing in it errors almost equal to M. Ledru Rollings more recent incongruities. To the honour of our modern English authors be it spoken, they have been zealous to avoid such ridiculous mistakes. It is true that the harmless old legends respecting Foreigners-that nine-tenths of theni are Frenchmen; thnt all are of very slender proportions in figure ; that their staple diet is frogs ; and that, despite Alison's and every other History of Europe, they very much prefer to dance flinn to fight; together with other popular delusions-still linger in the minds of some of our bold peasants and milder cockneys ; but ii is to be hoped, after many years of peace and bettei sense, that sve may now claim for ihe majority of even an under educated British public, ti more correct knowledge of the personnel and manners of our Continental neighbours, than our Continental neighbours manifestly have of us. The very foible of Lord Pudding him- self-that of being a travelling Kngli.sh man-svould defend him from such blunders ,ns the Literary Frankenstein svho gave life to the monster,lias fallen into. Travelling Englishmen are common abroad, who speak foreign languages, and understand foreign customs, extremely well. There ma many of our ti avellers whom sve should be very glad to improve; and thanks to railways, and to our possession of some-though not very much- of the svealtli which tha foreign dramatic and liclionist artist s so liberally attribute to us, sve are rapidly polishing off the rust of national prejudice, and ignorance of our brethren abroad. Should nn English author or actor be guilty of such laughable mistakes about foreigners as those sve have pointed out, svoe un- utterable svould alight on his ignorant head. Every sort of atfraction svhich brings, people of different nations, and eveh of different countries together-svhetherit be a German svool fair, a music meeting, oí" a Swiss shooting-match-smooths away the acerbities of caste," and strengthens the sympathies of individuals. Let us, there- fore, hope that. the myriads of exotics svhich will be attracted next year to the Great Industrial Conservatory in Hyde Park, svill receive nesv vigour and fresh intelligence from their temporary trans- plantation ; that they svill learn that Eng- lishmen and English svomen are,not quita the monstrosities they at present appear to believe them. Foreigners svill then haye the advantage of seeing us at home, and in a mass ; and svill thenceforth censo to judge us by those follies svhich they observe in a fesv idle tourists from these islands. They svill see us as sve are, reciprocating what sve believe to be the general desire here, in reference to them. .A Sensible Cook.-At a recent meet- ing of one of the clubs at Paris a violent democrat declaimed, amidst the applause of his hearers, against the evils of pro peity and the injustice of landlords, and urged confiscation. He was succeeded hy a cook, who manfully stated his dis- inclination to concur in the recommen- dation of the otator. He endeavoured to show that the sweeping charge against landlords was unjust, that there were many good as well as bad, and that it would be unfair to include all in one condemnation. " Bul let us," he added, " lake another view of the case. If you confiscate their property, and give it to others, what advanlrtpe would result? I, for example, am cook to a gentleman, who, until the late revolution, held the rank of Duke. He is a kind man, and liberal to those who serve him. I receive from lum good wages, and I give him in return good dinners. We are mutually satisfied. Reveise'the order of things! Í should he sorry, gentlemen, to invite you lo dinners of his cooking." Distance trom the United States to England.-Frequent dispute as to the distances sailed by fjie A thin tie steamers has led to the compilation of tho following table, for a i eference now and hereafter ; Ey Mtrcator's Sailing. Boston Dock to Liverpool Dock..23S3 Milos. Batten, New York, to Livorpoul Dook .3084 " Boston Dock'to Southampton"Dock.2882 " Battery, Now Yprk, to Ditto.3150 " Ey Mereator and Great Circle. Boston Dock fo Liverpool Dock .. 282J Mile« Bntfory, Now Yoik, to Liverpool Dock .3032 " Boston Dock to Southampton Dook.2849 " Bullery, Now York, to Difco.308» " These calculations allow for the détour rnado by the British sleatnera in touching at Halifax. A Yankee Attorney on l Capital Punishment. - The following oration was discovered somewhere in Wisconsin, by one of the piofeasion, who would seem lo have quite an ave i sion to capital punishment: - "May it please yout Lordship, and. Gentleman of the Jury, the case is as clear as ive, and sharp to the point as ' no ' from your sweetheart. The Scripture sailh, ' Thou shalt not kill;' now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed hy twelve jurymen or by an humble individual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client's having killed a man, hut is that any reason why you should do so1? No such thing, gentlemen. You may bring the prisoner in ' guilty,' the hangman may do his duty,-but will that exouerate you 1 No such thing. In I hat case you will be all murderers! Who among you is prepared fur the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow Jo-day ? who, freemen-who, in this land of liberty und light? Gentle- men, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie-knife ¡or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, j'our pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my un- fortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principles of animal constitu* tioti, until the spinal vertebra» of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of commit- ting murder !-beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative!-beware, I say. Remember the fate of the man who attempted lo steady the ark, and tremble. Gentlemen I abjure you by the manu- mitted ghost of temporal sanctity, to do no murder !-I abjure you by the name of yoman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of time's theoref ¡cal transmigra- tion, todo no murder, I abjuro you by the love you have for tho esculent and condiinentnl gusto of our native pumpkin to do no murder. I abjure you hythe stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country to do no murder. I abjure you hy the American eagle, that whipped the universal game-cock of crea- tion, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's-illustrious transmi- gration, to do no murder. And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long-tailed coats-if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you-if you ever expect to wear boots made of the ïrçe hiele of the Rocky Mountain buffalo-and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinct ability,-acquit my client, and save your country."-The prisoner wits acquitted! Rrvolution in tub Cannikal Islands. (By cxtra-exlvaordinary express.)-Intel- ligence has just reached us, by special barge from Blackfriars' coal-vvharf,that the Cannibal Islands have deposed their king, and that a republic lins b»en declared. His Majesty, who was closeted with Iloki ssdien the rising commence!, immediately sent for Poki, who promised to stir up what i'cvv embers of loyalty still remained among the people. Whanki, svho had the com- mand of the forces, was believed to be staunch, but at the last moment he received such intelligence from Furn ns induced bim to fraternise svith the insurgents ; and the king having got a fesv beads and fea- thers together, flesv towards the frontier. Whosky Phosky addressed theciosvd from the window of his wigwam, nnd he, with Whnnkay and Twankey, svere unanimously chosen to net as a Provisional Govern- ment. A decree lins already been issued, I promising to afford the blessings of Canni- I bahsm to any nation flint svill accept them svillingly, and fo force the said blessings upon any people by svhom they are igno nmtly nnd maliciously declined. Freedom is declared to be established, and to secure its interests, the great principle has been enunciated, that every body has a right to do svhat he likes svith every body else's own. -Mann is deprecated ns dangerous to the Republic of Cannibalism, and every one svho exhibits any symptom of tenor is to be at once killed, in order to calm his apprehensions, and prove to him that he has nothing to fear. Such is the progress of the Cannibal Islands li evolution accord- ing to the latest advices sve have received. Punch. CiiKAnmness.- A ss'liito-yallow cravat ot shirton a man speaks at once the chai auf er of his wife ;. and be you assuied that she svill not take svith your dress pains which Bhe has never taken svith her osvn. Then the manner of putting on the dress is no bad foundation for judging-if it be caie lessly, slovenly, if it do not fit properly No matter for its mean quality, mean as it may be, it may be neatly and trimly put on ; and if it be not, take care of yourself, for, as you will soon find to your cost, a sloven in one thing is a slc-ven in all things. The country people judge greatly from the state of the coshering of ihe ankles; and if that be not clean and tight, they conclude that all out of sight is not what it ought to be. Look at the shoes ; if they be trodden one one side, loose on the foot, or run dosvn nt the heel, it is a very bad sign ; and ns to slip-shod, though at coming tlown in the morning, and even before daylight, mnko up your mind to a rope, rather than live with a slip-Shod svifc. Oh! how much do svomen lose by inattention to these matters! Men, in general, say nothing about it to their svives; but they think about it ; they envy their luckier neigh- bours; and, in numerous cases, conse- quences the most serious arise from this apparently trifling cause. Bsauty is valu- able; it is one of the lies, and a strong tie too; that, hosvever, cannot last to an old age; but the charm ofclennliness never ends but svith life itself.-Cdbbetl. "OBrusnurss" or Ma. James, thc Barmstku-In the course of a mining case, tried by Mr Justice Erle, a number of old und not over brilliant witnesses were examined to prove the extent and mode of working the mine. The follosving dialogue took place between one of them and Mr Jame«, the barrister engaged for the pri- soner:-Mr James-Now, you say you worked at the mino ? Witness- Ees, Sir. Mr James-Hosv did you work ? Witness -Why, it was svoorked oop and dosvn, you know ; this svny, that svay, t'other way, foot-iidden way; dang it, every svay. (Loud laughter). Mr James-I must con less I don't understand you. Witness-I think I spoke plain enough. (Great laughter.) * Mr James-No doubt you did ; but the stupidity is on my side, not on your's. Witness - That's it. You arc quoit stupid. (Roars of laughter.) _ You connu understand English. (Continued laughter.) The Judge-If wn had boen in the habit of working in mines, doubtless your lnneungo svould be perfectly intelli- gible ; but, as it is, we cannot understand you. Witness-Well! I canna spako ony plainer. Dang ino if I over seed such stupid people since I loft pit !-Soino fur- ther attempts svero modo by tho learned counsel to obtain a moro definite answer to tho question, but it was "no go"; nnd tho witness svns at length told to leave the box, which ho did apparently svith a still stronger conviction than beforeof the natural and irremodiablo obtiuenoss of judge, jury, counsel, and auditory. - Preston Chronicle. 