THE LODDON CANDIDATES. Per favour of the Analysis. In the Argus, of the 19th instant, someone sheltering himself under the nameless Signature' of " Aiiti-Corydon," from a fear of failing in his duty, has felt himself called upon to answer my former letter, and thereby to defend the interests of Mr Kaye. This Ant Corydon states that I have made a most unjustifiable attack upon Mr Xuye, by calling him a land-jobber. Now, it is considered by many that Mr Kaye is a land jobber, and I was informed by a highly respectable party, that, he is such ; if, however, I have been misinformed if Mr Kaye is not, and does not intend to become a land-jobber, I am very sorry that I have called him one. Anti-Corn don enters into a succinct analysis of Mr Kaye's opinions regarding the land question, and having forced mine to undergo a sand. bar process, he has beautifully contrasted them, in this analysis he Buds that I would have Her 'Majesty's Orders in Council carried out to the Ivory letter, Regardless of the effect they might have upon the whole of the community; but in delicately sensitive feeling of self-respect preventing him from promulgating such absurd 'notions as I have done, he declines to expose the fallacy enunciated by me. Is this Anti Corydon so much of a Logicitin as to know what a fallacy is for there is no fallacy in the matter. The land question, so far as touched by me or by Mr Kaye, is this certain Orders in Council have been promulgated ; these Orders embody opinions and principles which were deduced, by her Majesty's Government, from the best information within reach at that time of the subject. Those Orders were published, and were intended to be received in good faith, and must in justice be carried out), otherwise revoked, and compensation made to those who will thereby suffer loss. If, for instance, such a man as Mr W. J. T. Clarke could, at any time, obtain twenty or thirty thousand acres cut of any run on the Avoca, Loddon or Campaspe, whenever he might choose to " require" the same from the Government, all the stations in these localities s would not be worth half their- value. Now, this is what I conceive to be the meaning of Mr Kaye's language; and, if Mr Clarke or any other were to "require" a block of Cay and Kaye's former stations, who should lose by it? Should Cay and Kaye, who nominally hold the license ; or the equally respectable gentlemen who purchased from them ? It is another question altogether whether these Orders in Council, if carried out, would benefit or injure the colony at large, and is only calculated to furnish argument for continuing or withdrawing them; but I indignantly repel the imputation cast upon me by Anti-Cary-don, that I would,f'rtm selfish motives, sec without remorse the allies of the (oh my. There is not a man in Victoria who would spurn with greater disgust than I wanted, the thought of enriching myself at the expense or the ruin of hundreds of my fellow-men. But Mr Kaye cattle uninvited forward as a ran desire to represent a certain interest other interests will be represented, and their candidates have expressed themselves in language easily understood, and utterly hostile to the squatting interest and if great cure is not exercised in selecting proper representatives for the pastoral districts, the representatives of other interests will, judging by the feeling displayed by some of the candidates, completely annihilate the squatting interest Mr Kaye, after giving his opinions upon squatting, states that he will not advocate the interest of one class (interest?) to the detriment of any other section of the community This is very plausible, and shows a spirit of fairness ; but why does Mr Kaye come forward to represent any interest in particularism services are to be enlisted equally to protect all interests? No, evils, perhaps, would arise from this neutral (| peculiarity of Mr Kaye," if the Billie'liberal and philosophical policy were to be acted upon by the representatives of the other interests j judging, however, from the knowledge 11 possess at some of the other candidates who are sure to be returned, I fuel coming, ed that they, will not adopt Mr Kaye's neutral philosophy. Taking this view of the subject laid setting' the land-jobbing question aside as an elector I claim the privilege of taking an interest in the affairs of my adopted i one try, and who, I would ask is! Anti- Corydon, that dares to presume to des g nate mc visit scribbler ? I will write against him on any subject either in poetry or prose. The last paragraph in Aiiti-Curydonsconuiiu niciítroírenibodies a final specimen of intellectual composition, 'ride begins by condemning me, for calling -Mr Kaye a land-jobber, -and finishes by making a most gross and wickedly malicious attack. in Mr Campbell-Ilia more unjustifiable from its u.itrutlil'iili.oss. That Mr. Campbell is a thoughtful and Bodato gentleman, and one who would abhor to join in' the hideous ballad roar of the obscene song singing gentlemen, Sometimes to be met with in the public rooms of our country falls, and that he does not indulge in the merry blasphemy against months and sell on, like many of the self-styled gentlemen of this anti- convict colony, I will readily allow ; but is he, in consequence be branded as a hypocrite by, a name- less greater use Aii corydon Î Who, by his assertion that Mr Campbell's, demeanour is this sumed, proves beyond doubt that he himself is efficient alike in philosophy, Christian charity; and the principles of a gentleman., Anti Corydon finishes his communication by recommending Mr Campbell' to request; me to give up writing in his favour, for my " mean and despicable tricks" will never forward his interests with the Loddon electors'. Here is a wickedly false ? implication put for th,'_yis"~ that Mr Campbell knows who I am., Mr-Campbell, is perfectly ignorant of me and" my ' writing resided breathing but a want of right feeling and, principle would induce events tuimeless"''ghost, to bring such a suspicion against any ,igdntlotnnn, íúpon'lniérc conjecture. Here is- illusions and despicable trick indeed equalled only by (the untruth, put forth by Aiiti-Cory-iloi<f'thnt there is not the slightest probability of Mr " Kaye's interest in" the' Loddon district causing-; "'Whereas, Mt is well known to the whole country, thatfMi-Ksyfe does not depasture a done of any kind of stock in'the'district,'and is ieoiiiiocted'Wilh<it only-by leaving his name for a short time in the license of the station ' which he ' Sold last your. Lot Air. Kaye's other friend Vindicator deny What I have stated, if he can and if he cannot let him withdraw his presided and untrue assertion that Mr Kuye's-interest in stock; and pastoral pursuits is nearly as great as Mr Campbell's. " In conclusion, I would wish to state, that I have but little «dejuiiiiitaneo either with Mr. Campbell or Mr. Kaye, that Mr Campbell does not know Wins I'mil'and that I have no connection with other gentlemen, neither am I privately interested in the>eleption of either. Of 'Mr Kaye I have a very high opinion, and I should rejoice to see him returned for the district of South Bourke. I am very sorry to have offended him by calling him what, at the time, [ believed he was. PYROS. Melbourne, August 25th, 1855. 