BTSllop OF EXKTEU'S SVXOD. Tin- Bi-h.-p of' Fxukr his s? s si'Di <-n \\\ ij(l:i"~i!.tv the 25th of June. Fur u week before- lin-re hid b>-en busy work niiiutig both fyvnoilians and nuli-Sv nociiaus, itin ibi'iii'T of i»<>10 bad enough to ili to study the tactics of their supe; ior, wiiile lite but. r wore more tinxi us tli.au ever to im ress upon I)r Piiillpotts bow ut'eify opposed were tbi-y to ids obstinate perset crana-in the dis-ioyal and unauthor ised course he b,id chalked out for himself. But without referring to !he aoti-dynohicai lot itiess, we present our readers with an important document, which was. never meant to li.-id its way into print. It is no other than ! A FOTUI OF DECLAHATIO.V, To which the Bishop was anxious that th'i . .should attach their names, and which j for ttiat purpose was sent to them, several : days prior to the opening of the Synod. ; The declaration was accompanied by the < following private iettet:—■ i " June 12, 1851. i "Rev Sir.— 1 subjoin a copy of the Declaration i on }> .ptism, which wili he proposed to the IT c-san i Synod, together witii two other copies ui' the same, i wlttcii I request \ mi t» aive to ' tie two l'resbyn.rs ' wh<> may be th-iniu-d by your Deanery, i '• 1 s; ml the Declaration tints early, in order that, there may he due consideration of it before we meet, ami iliu.s ihat the discussion on litis main particular at tin- Synod may lie abridged. ; ' With tiiis vi. w, I further rcqnes', that if any ; impoitaut objection to any part of it surest itself to y<-u. or a w of he c. orgy to whom yull may (as 1 much u ish) communicate. tins pata-r.it may be stao-ii to liie as soon as shall be conveiiie t. "I tin.-t that I siaiil not he misunderstood when j I add th.it you will probably think it not advisable ; to urge any nljcciiou which yon do not de-en im i purtaut. for it is manifest, that the consideration of i other objections proceeding from so many quarters, i might be rv banh-nsome. Ail objections which you ib-eiu imper'tam shall he duly weighed, j " I request ibaL tins paper he not suffered to i reach the public ].rcss. 'I lie conununieaiioti of it ! to you at tins lime, i» for the sake of ensuring to ; yourself and others of the Clergy, an opportunity I of .ully coiisiucrmg'it before it shall be finally pt'o ; posed tor adoption. " [ nm, Roy Sir, " Y''Ui" iiiitlii'ui iVicmi iiml l>r«tlior, " ii. EXETER. "DECLARATION. " Ail verting to the circumstances (if the time in which we. nre called to minuter in this reformed branch .>f liie <Jhuicii of Christ. we deem itiuces snry to declare ntir linn and i 'itiiovetdiio adheroife to that great article of the laitli—-'One baptism for the ivmi sion o* sins,'ailirming it us it is atit it<>ri t.civciv set forth m the .\iceue Creed II. (Eeeum. mi cm Council, and as it is taught inn quivocaliy by oar own ehii'vh in its authorised f.-nmilanes, espe ci.diy in the < ilic-s of B.ip'ism, and in the Catc ! iliisni; .lad we arc the rather induced to tmtki this ! d.cWimi, iiceai.se we hope that many who arc ! now divided from us mnv he brought to agreement j by tints knowing the real meaning and extent of tile i doctrine w it'll we i|--!d. i " . Acknowledging ' •••no baptism for the remis sion of-m-,' we In -Id as of Until, hat persons tilth' | baptised asr not otiiv baptts.d once for all. hut also ! a>e batni.-cd witii the one I'apiism of liini, who j " hapti-vth witli tile Holy Gli -i,' ami who tlm< I inak'.ii _ us to be horn of water and the -phi:,' j delivered u- tin lehy from ilie guilt and bondage o! jail si's 01 IgUlul and art nt-.l. i "We h-ld as implied in the aforesaid article of j the (.heed, nil the gr mo ascribed to B ipiisni in our : l 'aleelasoi. F : —' in otic spirit we are all baptised ; into e body,' men :b, b dy .n J sik Christ. We are aii made to lie ' I lis bode,' ni.-mhrrs in parricu 1 mr of" II.s hoity.' ' members of Christ and being' i thus h •pt'.scd into 'heiti. We a»e * Inipitseil nilto lli '-It-alb,' aim died h-rottr-ius. We are ' dead wiih i ill.u,' 'dead unto sin.' 'buried by P. ipt'sin with | i itm, w herein a bo we tic t if eli w idi H itn,' ' quick ; coed together with llttti." ' s. t to.ether in heavenly places Hi C nisi J stis.' B iteving that ilie Holy G'lost So gtvi II IIS ill B.ipti-tu by Jt-slts Chf St. tiliU w'c are in loin ' en u-ed anew.' H e believe, :il-o. ! tliat we are children of 0 d in 11 iei, and • if ebii | drcn then lichs—lien's ol ({■»!, and joint heirs with ! Christ;" inheritors of. he Kingbo n nt tlianeii. i " II. We hoM accordingly iha: all infants pre j si tired eiti'ur in Clinch or privut. ly, according to j the book of Common I'rayer, and bap'iseii witii | w ater in the * name of the Father, ami of the Sou. i ami of the II Iy (ih-.s;,' Ling sp-rumd y ingrafted laud incorporated into I lis mystic il body ; original I >m being so ho- (bun an ..!,s arb- to the rsghr l'eeep ] tioti of Biptism. lit it as St. Aiign-tine-avs * Infant-, j beean.se. ik.ey tire not as yet gitiirv ol any actimi sin, I iiavu tie.: original sm that is in them, remitted | through the grace of Him who who saveth by the j washing of regeneration.' And as our own church ! declares tjuit i lie bipii-ed child, ' being horn m 01 i j gj: a 1 sin, and in the wrath of Ged, is by the titer l.f legei etaiion tn Baptism, received into the num ber of the children ol God, ami heirs of everlasting life, for our Lord .J. su.- Canst dot h no; deny His grace am! uiciey unto such inlauls, hut He nti.se lo iugly cails tliem unto him.' .And in ue i'or lance herewitli, the 27-.il article expressly sttvs tiiat the Bquism of young ehiidten is most agree able with the ii.slUiui-.il ol Christ. "III. Without presuming to define whether it may m-t |b'a-e Hod to give a larger in atsuie of grace in Bapti.-m to some iniaiils. in answer to the .r- ■arrest p>a\iT nt those w ito bring them, we t Indd li.a! :t it.-my -t; id :.:lr it thai Hie impar.'iti.: of j the itlores.ti'i graces'itt the i'jipit tn of young ehii j droit is hi potitci ic,.I, depending either on the sin - | entity of those win. preset.t them, or tmy other e-m ! batons, (wtu'ieul-'li iL f )ito e, t'ttil in cases in which ! the -alii C un'.itI a.s do not take place, both die form I of Baptism itself. and ike ..l'iiele " One hiptisttl fur ( the Kemts.-nin oI >.;is, u.-gss he utiderstoo-d not as i inie, dut its hi se aim niiretil) be doth greatly err, | contradicting an aitte'e ot the cieed, and also the e. miCiSs.ou and promise given to the Apostles by Oar L .rd Him-elf. "IV. Lastly, «e hold, and would earnestly tin press upon oil Christians, thru the foregoing state tnent-s, rightly understood, so far from disparaging the need of conversation and anici; intent. arc a most powerful incentive to holmex of ht'e, un.i es pecially to fervent [(raver for renewed .-r continued grace as long as the term in this life .-.hull last. For Baptism, being the ordinance nn-i instrument of Christ. l»y which we arc horn again- of rite spirit, John III, 3, 5, it binds n» to d > that which it enm ities lis io do, * to walk in the spirit and not to ful fil the huts of the fle-h, fi.r if we live after the flesh we shaii die, hut if through the spirit we do mortify the deeds of the hod/, w.- shall five. Bap tism makes our bodies to he temples ol ilie H -ly Ghost, which is in as, which wo have of God. and if any man defile the temple, of God.hhn shnl- God destroy,—fi.r the temple of God is holy, wherefore it follows, that ihev, who having in Baptism re ceived the Holy Spirit to dwell in them, live not alter the spirit, hut after the flash, do tlierelo draw on themselves greater daihuadun. unless hy the grace of God they arise again and amend their lives. The IVeeJthj CJn onicle. of June 2St!i, thus notices (he gathering of the Synod :— The B.shop oi Ext-ier ha-; actualiv gut Ins Synod together at last. Thirty of' the thin v-t ni 1>.ane ries, from which lie Im• 1 requested delegates, have supplied tiu'in ; ami. iiia-nir.cli as ail clergymen win ml re nut either 'I rnctariaus. or s\eojiliants of the ri:!i:itx Diocesan, tefttsed to have anything to do with the elections, the Bi-hopR thirty are a verv docile and unanimous in civ. So the 'Right Rev. Pielale sits in state in his Chapter house, and " Like Cain, gives his little Semite laws." Unf. rt'inao ].-. however. r 11 is is not tin; soie or the principal nhj. ct 'of which the Bi.-hop itas grouped his .-iih.-i i'vie'.t Synod rouinl him. W-- have cpio t! (1 one passage Iroin P--pe. anil we will give ano ther, ivhieit, hy the rule of contrary, will explain the real purport of this We.s'ern gathering. Thar exec lent poet, in his well-known Universal Prayer, .-ays— "Let not :hi- weak and erring liattil Presume thy hohs to rinvw, .And d'..i! dam earn m r< >ti i ■ < 1 lite land On each 1 derm thv foe.'' Rut this is what Harry and ids friends love to t.b>; and for this very enii-c are iln-y assembled together, They might, in larr. take lite title of the ft l.-brureti " Legio Pniminati ix " Certain clergymen and laymen of tlit* Church of E gland (including the Archhtshoos, many of die B.stmps, and "titer im imp n-tatit personage ) h -l-t certain opinions .m tiie ahstni-e d'tetrtsie of Bap'i<mai Regeneration, which the Bi-honof Exeter and the Puseyiies do not ap- : prove of. Tiie B shop of Exeter there', re convenes a Svnod for the luxury of ruhuiunting against dime \ o|>uiiotis asdamuaidc. heresies ; and i.-f anni hema • tiring his own Metropolitan, audi two-tiiirds of tiie Bench of his Right Reverend Brethren. Thi the real ohject of ids Synod. Tim iiicidvit'a! pro tests ag'in-t the IJUhop of Rune's uggr.-s-ivti, making a Bi-hop of Plymouth, is a ni-.-re hvc-pluy. It is thrown in as a sop toCerb.rtts : it is to give the means of an answer when the question is asked, " Why don't Voii R > nish gentlemen turn Roma nists tit onee ?" To exeonunutiieate ami to curse are the real enip'ovments of the ch.tritahle oytte that is silling at Exeter during this hot weather. In the news department of the same journal, we leave the following :— The proceedings of this body were brought to a close yesterday evening, at.d the nets are to be pub lished " hy authority " in the course of next week. Tite declaration respecting Baptismal Regan- ration, was unauimntndv adopted. The Chivwcle sa that, " The thrill" of solemn delight which pervaded the svnod on the adoption of this inipoi taut deeia tation, stamped hv the Bishop rising from Iris ch.itr. tm«! solemn!'.' pronouncing ' Ch.d be praised !' and feiiy.ved by a unaiiimi.us ' Amen,' is a scene never to be forgotten.'' Among the subjects dis cussed wt'.s that of tiie "Catechism—tiie best tin.tie of carrying out the requirements oi the Chureit, stated in the Rubrics and Canons. ' The h-.st reso lution adopted was. "That tiiis Synod do invite the earnest attention of iho ele gy of this diocese to the ' several orders of tlm Church in tiie Book of Com moil I'lavcr, ami in lhecanon> respecting the sav ing dailv t>fthe Morning ami Evening Pray.-r ; also that the earliest attention of the clergy ot she dio cese lie invited tothe 13-hand 14th canons as to the due observance of holy days, and that it is the firm opini-m of theSyu d that tiie due observance of As cension Dav includes the celebration of Holy Com munion, a special preface being provided tor it.' 