VICTORIA. (From our Melbourne Correspondent.) The late unsuccessful adventures of many in dividuals at the Pyrenees Deep Creek. &c.;» in. quest of gold would have led one to believe, had taught some a profitable lesson, as regards forsaking their various avocations and calling, and would tend to act as a check in rases of a similar kind. As far as relates to Melbourne, for the last two or three weeks it had began to assume its usual bustling appearance in business affairs, and scarcely, if any mention made of the diggings above mentioned, anil which justi fies the statements 1 sent you in former com munication relative to the existence of gold at yet discovered there ; however, the past few days, and the ' gold fever' is again prevalent, and that too to an enormous extent. Some few individuals having made their appearance in Geelong, and exhibited cheques from .£30 to j£90, tbe proceeds of their labour at the diggings, and various specimens that w»s to be seen in many sliop windows in Melbourne and Geelonp. Iibb caused an unusual rush to the Bunmsjrong and Hallnrat diggings, which, in tlie citv lias become already as notorious as the 'I'uTotrTJT-tlre Ophir. It would scarcely -be credited the number that has a ready left Mel bourne, and those preparing to follow ; the various Geelnng steamers are crowded to excess each day with passengers and their baggage, tools, &c;, to say nothing of the many teams (horse and bullock) that arc to be met with on the road to Buninsyong Gclong, I am given to understand, has already began to bear the appearance of a deserted town, and instead of the bustling mercantile clerk, is to be seen on liis perch a female or n stripling filling lirsplfiKe; house after house is vacated, and I heard to day, from pood authority, that carpenters are not obtainable at 15s. a' day; 10s. and 12s. a day is to be hnd in the merchant stores, and the employers of large labour must be greatly in convenienced ; as tegards Melbourne in this respect, it is similarly situated ; the ensuing week, it is expected, some of the large factories will have to close their huge gates ; tlie several large vessels now laying at anchor (most of them with full cargoes, just arrived from London) in Hobson'6 Bay and Point Henry, are in a com plete fix for want of hands, desertion now being a common occ urj-enee ; I have myself witnessed the breaking up of three or four comfortable domiciles, and the contents sold at a sacrificing price ; most of the shops in the small line have closed, and it is feared some on a more exten sive settle will follow the example ; as if the va rious reports and specimens of gold was not sufficient to arouse excitement in the minds of the people, some scores of cradles are exhibited in front of many shops, on different principles, which never fails to draw a crowd around during the whole of the day, and this serves, in a great degree, to start many, who, perhaps, had not the least idea of it. The accounts from Hunins pong and Ball mat are certainly very cheering— but it must not be lost sight of, that when we hear of twenty, say forty successful individuals, not a mention is' mnde of the many unfor tunates. By my next letter I may, perhaps, be in possession of information that will authenti cate the reports now afloat here — I shall by thnttime most probably hear from persons who bare promised to write, and if at all favorable, 1:0 doubt your humble servant will ere long 'walk hisfhalks' from the city. The weather still continues unsettled; the quantity of rain that has fallen during the past three weeks renders many of the creeks and rivers impassible, and there is no end to reports reaching Melbourne day after day of the loss of life in making the attempt to cross. Tn reiletwliin mr jnuuiitcua regards die elec tion, and in continuation of my last letter re specting the poll up to quarter to four o'clock on that day, I will now content myself with giving you a condensed account of the termina tion of the electioneering proceedings; but befoie I go anv further, I may add that the state of the poil, at the various hours, which I sent you, whs more or less incorrect, though 1 used ray utmost endeavours to ohtain as correct an account as possible— even the various news papers all differed with respect to the number of votes; I can assign no other reason for the false representation being put about on the polling day, than to serve and meet the views of the various candidates and to mislead the people- however, if -it may not be too late in the day, I have forwarded you a collect return of- the number of votes taken for each camli date as copied from the Returning Officer's list. As the poll closed at four o'clock, it was thought that a little after that time, the poll would be declared, and this surmise led some hundreds of persons to loiter about the central committee rooms ; about an hour afterwards it was announced that the poll would not be de clared till the following day at 12 o'clock, to allow time for the purpose of scrutinizing the votes ; but this occupying more time than at first was expected, it was further postponed for another day. At noon on Saturday, however, an immense number of persons congregated to hear the result, when Alderman Russell, the returning officer, called on the Town Clerk to read the poll list, which was as follows. 4 o'clock. TTestgarth ? 1202 O'Shanassy ? 1168 Johnston ? 1 128 Nicholson (Mayor) ? 1094 Hodgson ? ', ? 618 Grecves ? , ? , ? 25/ Cole ? 219 The returning officer then came forward end declared Messrs. Wcstgarth, O'Shanassy, end Johnston, duly elected members of the Legis lative Council, for the City of Melbourne. The Beveral candidates addressed the electors, and returned thanks for the honor they had con ferred on them, and the crowd dispersed. Messrs. Hodgson, Grecves, and Cole, 'gave up the ghost' about 12 o'clock, no chance of success being visible. Messrs. Robinson and Strachan have been returned for Geelong. Messrs Difjlit and T. P. Smith, for North Bnurke, and Mr. Miller for South Uourke. Dr. Palmer 'walked the course' for Portland, nnd Mr. Goldsmith for Colne and Ripon, Mr. Mercer for the county of Grant, and it was ex pected that Mr. John Fankner would be re turned for the counties of Talbot, Dalhhuuse, and Anglesey, This is all I have as yet been s^M able to get at, but as the writs are made return able by the 1st of October, no doubt, by this, the elections are all completed. Owing to the amount of news vou will be deluged with by the arrival of the City of Mel bourne, both Sydney and English, prevents me from enlarging at any further length on the elections, and other matters, I must reserve till my next. 