AUToIENTIC Dr.E a. STORY. - The dream of Lord Lyt??s?ton- has usually been regarded as ý'l. 1'-' appearance of a ghostly visita-??. -, his friends, how ever it was and."e'ays has been consi dered a drcer:a of - very peculiar charac ter, and as it hK lately again been a sub ject for F-accr .icn, we add it to our record as redateh by Jarvis. Lord Lyt tleton, in the r.inter of 1q78, had retired from the motropolis with a party of his loose and '':Fa.:ted companions, to pro fane the Ch'isma.: y their riotous debau cheries at his country house, Pitt Place, near Epsom; Surrey. They had not long abandoned themselves to the indulgence of.these desperate orgies, when a sudden and unexpected gloom was cast over the party, by the extraordinary and sudden depression of spirits and dejection of countenrnce, which was observed to take possession of their host; all his vivacity nad departed; he fled from the society hb had so solicitously collected round him; his eye was fixed upon the ground, and his attention always wandered from the present topic of consideration or amuse ment. Urged by his friends, he at last determined to reveal the secret that so painfully distressed him. Two nights before, on his retiring to his bed, after his servant was dismissed and his light extinguished, he heard a noise resembling a bird at his chamber window. This at tracted his attention to the spot; when looking in the direction of the sound he saw the figure. of an unhappy female whom he had seduced and deserted, and who, when deserted had put a violent end to her own existence, standing in the aperture of the window from which the fluttering sound had proceeded. The figure approached the foot of the bed, the room was preternaturally light, and the objects of the chamber were distinctly visible. Raising her hand, and pointing to the dial which stood on the mantle piece, the figure, with a severe solemnity of voice and manner, announced to the :appalled and conscience-striken man, that at that hour, on the third day after the visitation, his life and his sins would be concluded, and nothing but their punish ment remain, if'he availed himself not of the warning to repentance which he had received. The eye of Lord Lyttleton glanced upon the -dial; the hand was on the stroke of t'velve. Again the apart ment was involved in total darkness. The warning spirit disappeared, and bore away -at her departure all the lightness and buoyancy of heait,; the ready flow of wit, the vivacity of manner which had for •merly been the pride and ornament of the unhappy being to whom she had de livered her tremendous summons. On the succeeding day, the guests of Lord Lyttleton, with the connivance of his at tendant-., had provided that the clocks throughout the house should be advanced one hour and a-half. By occupying their host's attention during the whole day with different and successive objects of amusement, they contrived to prevent his discovering the imposture. Tem. o'clock struck, the nobleman was silent and de pressed. Eleven struck, the depression deepened; and now, not even a smile, or the slightest movement of his eye, indi cated him to be conscious of the efforts of his associates to dispel his gloom. Twelve o'clock struck. "Thank God, I'm safe," exclaimed Lord Lyttleton, "the ghost was a liar after all, Some wine, there! Congratulate me, my friends--congratu late me on my reprieve. Why, what a fool I was to be cast down by so silly and absurd a circumstance! But however it is time for bed-we'll be up early, and out with the hounds to-morrow. By my faith, it is half-past twelve; so good night, good night. Aha! I've jockeyed 'the ghost!" and he returned to his chamber, convinced of his security, and believing that the threatened hour of peril was now past. His guests remained together to await- the completion of the time so ominously designated by the vision. A quarter of an hour elapsed; they heard the valet descend fromn his master's room--it was just twelve; Lord Lyttleton's bell rang violently-the com pany ran in a body, to the apartment. The, clock struck one at their entrance. The unhappy noblemnan lay extended on the bed before them, pale and lifeless, and his countenance terribly convulsed. Lord Lyttleton acknowledged, previous to his death, that the woman he had seen in his dream was the mother of the two Miss Amphletts, then visiting at his lordship's house, whom, together with a third sister, then in Ireland, his lordship had ruined, and prevailed on to leave their parent, who lived near his country residence in Shropshire. Mirs. Amphlett died of grief, through the desertion of her children, at the precise time when the vision appeared to his lordship in his dream.-Theo MIirror of the Time. 