ADDRESS FROM THE AMERICAN CHURCH TO THAT QV ENGLAND I AND IRELAND. The following affectionate letter, from the presiding Bishop of the American Church, has been transmitted to the Archbishop of Canterbury: " To the Archbishops and Bishops and other authorities of the Church of England and Ireland. The presiding Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America, sends greet- ing. Grace, mercy, and pence from God [ our father, through Jesus Christ our Lord, j 1 God save, bless, and keep you defending you from the power of sin, Satan, and death eternal. " May the Holy Ghost sanctify you to do His will who raised himself from the grave for our justification, and now sitteth at the right hand of the eternal, to make a intercession for us his sinful creatures, as the only mediator between God and man. Amen. " While we deeply sympathise with your sufferings in repelling the un- righteous attacks of the Pope of Rome, that great enemy of the Gospel, we bless God that you are protected by a civil power, which under Divine mercy protected your predecessors from Papal ful minations in setting forth the Holy Bible, and enabled and still enables you, to spread its saving truths throughout a be- nighted and perishing world. " May that union between you and such a Christian government continue un- impaired till Popery shall be no more ! May the endeavours of misguided men who would sever this connection (now most of all other times needed for the preserva- tion of civil and religious liberty be frustrated ! May the arm which is now raised to destroy Moses, under a false pretence of favouring Aaron, be arrested by the united strength of all true Israelites " " May the Lord of Hosts, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, sustain the union of his servants Moses and Aaron so long as they both cling to the ark of safety Jesus Christ our Lord. " Thus may the Church of England be blessed, and her sons and her daughters go in and out in peace and safety, while they serve and worship the God of their martyred fathers in sincerity and truth. " These devout wishes are offered with great sincerity to the Throne of Grace by your lordship's most faithful friend and aged servant in the Lord Jesus Christ. " Like CHASE. " Jubilee Cottage, Diocese of Illinois, January 8, 1851. The following is the Archbishop's reply " Lambeth Palace, Feb. 26, 1851. " Right Reverend and Dear Brother, -I have communicated to my episcopal brethren the affectionate letter which you have addressed to us on the subject of the aggression lately made upon our Church, and they commission me to convey their joint thanks for your sympathy, ; and for the many kind wishes and feelings towards us which you have expressed " Though we have much to lament as well as much to amend, amongst us, I trust there is likewise amongst our people much of vital faith in the truths of the Gospel; and late events have had the effect of showing that the false pretensions of the Papacy are well understood and justly repudiated throughout the land, and that we need not fear, under God's blessing, the encroachments of Romish tyranny. " That the kingdom of God may prevail, and that Christ may reign in every heart, both in the old country and the new is the sincere prayer of your faithful friend and affectionate brother, " J. B. CANTUAR. " Right Rev. Bishop Chase." 