ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE GOLD DISCOVERY. To the Editor of the Empire. Sir-The article which you copied into your Wednesday's impression from the Bathurst Free Press, has an interest in it as curious as it is stu- pendous. It not only tells us for a fact, that gold does exist in this colony, but tells us that,there is a probability of the auriferous treasure being found in as great abundance as in California. Such announcement is as startling as the conse- quences of the discovery, if true, must be revo- lutionary to the whole framework of our colonial Society. I say, "if true," in reference to the quan- tity, not as regards the actuality, for that has been placed beyond the possibility of doubt by the scientific and persever- ing exertions of Mr. Hargraves. This gentleman, if his veracity is worth any- thing, has clearly established that there is, within fifty miles of Bathurst, a rich and extensive gold field ; and that he has formed a company of diggers, who have actually commenccd operations. He also asserts that during a ride of some three hundred miles, he discovered "numberless places where the precious metal could be found." And then, as if to leave not a doubt upon the sub- ject, he adduces the practical argument that the men at the diggings have actually earned at the rate of £2 8s. per day. It is impossible to say what effect this discovery may have on the future destinies of the Australian Colonies. That a ra- dical change must result from so large an accession of wealth, is obvious. I am not, however, inclined to regard the discovery with the lugubrious and desponding feelings with which your contemporary the Herald seems to contemplate it. People often deduce their morals from the most inapplicable premises, and croak out warnings when there is not the ghost of a cause for them. If a man dies of intemperance, you are told that wine is one of the most dreadful of poisons. If a culprit inherently bad, expiates his crimes upon the gal- lows, you are referred to some slight disobedience of parental command as the cause of his fate. In the same way you will often be told that the genius of certain great men had its origin in ex- ternal circumstances. Byron was a great poet, becansc his deformity stimulated his ambition ; and Sir Walter Scott was a great novelist, because being confined by constitutional weakness in his youth he had the greater time for study. Such are the circumstances often adduced either as the omens of evil or the prognostications of good. Logically they amount to this : If a thing should ever produce evil, then evil must always result from it and vice versa. About as tangible are the reasons assigned by some people for lamenting an abundance of gold in the colony. They reproduce tho old bugbear, that because the discovery of gold in Mexico proved unfortunate to the Spanish Government, therefore throughout all futurc generations, the discovery in abundance of this particular metal must be "one of the greatest calamities that can befal a nation." If it were necessary to prove the absurdity of such a proposition, it would be sufficient to instance California itself, where the gold mania has raged more virulently than per- haps in any other country of which we have re- cord. It must be borne in mind, too, that this mania commenced under the most adverse circum- stances, When the gold was discovered, Cali- fornia was one vast wilderness undisturbed in its primeval solitude, save by the step of the Indian, or the accidental visit of some curious traveller on the ocean. She had no towns or villages-no fixed Government, nor in fact any organised or disciplined society. The first civilized inhabitants were, generally speaking, of the very worst class. They consisted of those wild, restless spirits, whose names are to be found in the criminal calendars of all nations. They were as rapacious in their thirst for wealth as they were impatient and ungovernable in their manner of living. They had, as it were, a world to themselves, and they luxuriated in the most perfect anarchy. There was no immediate power to control them, and the Government by which California was nominally held was too distant from the scene of action, or, as some people might say, too lax or democratic to enforce a system of disci- pline. Hence anarchy and confusion did exist for a time ; but it was the anarchy and confusion which result from a total absence of civil government, not from an abun- dance of gold. So soon as a regular government was introduced, and the channels of trade reduced to something like order, the anarchy and confu- sion comparatively ceased. It is true that diabolical practices are still indulged in, but these are rather the faults of the Government than the consequences of a plentitude of gold. It is well known that the Government wink at the system of Lynching, and so long as such is the case, peace and good order will never thoroughly prevail. With this exception, I consider Cali- fornia, on the whole, to be as orderly and as settled a country as any in the world. But mark the rapidity with which she has sprung to com- mercial greatness, and ask yourself what has been the cause? Consider the vastness of her popu- lation, and the numerous towns and villages which have already merged into existence as if by the stroke of the enchanter's wand"-look at the multitude of vessels, laden with the riches of all nations, which continually visit her shores, and the progress which she is making in the con- struction of roads and bridges, the vast im- the portance which she has attained generally in the estimation of the world, and say whe- ther all this would have taken place if it had not been for the yellow treasures of her hills and streams. The gold of California, in- stead of being a calamity, has been a blessing to the whole human family. It has opened up a home for millions of the human race, who before were dragging out a miserable existence in the over populated .countries of Europe, and who otherwise would most probably have perished under the iron hand of want. It has suggested the carrying out of one of the most stupendous enterprises that ever entered into the imagination of man-I allude to the construction of a railway across the Isthmus and laid the foundation of a noble empire, if not in name, at least in reality. With these facts before me, I cannot regard the discovery of gold in Australia, as aught but the harbinger of unbounded prosperity. I am, &c.;, VIGIL. 