ROMAN CATHOLIC HIERARCHY IN ENGLAND. It may be interesting to some readers to know the nature and grounds of the changes just made in the constitution of the Roman Catholic Church in England. We understand them to be as follows:— Hitherto the arrangements of that Church in this country have been of a purely missionary character. Its bishops have taken their titles from extinct sees in heathen countries, their real power being derived immediately from the Pope, to whom they stood in the character of delegates, or, as they were called, vicars. According to this arrangement England was dealt with as a heathen country, and its priests, instead of having a local connection with certain cures or parishes, were as missionaries depending upon the will of the vicars apostolic. The actual state of the Roman Catholic population is now considered to warrant a more organised establishment, and this is to be the result of the changes lately promulgated, though long in contemplation whereby the vicars apostolic are to become bishops in ordinary, and the missionaries parish priests. Such an arrangement has long been desired both by the prelates and their clergy, as tending to place the Church upon a more independent as well as dignified footing. It is a mistake to suppose that England will thus form any exception to Protestant countries on the Continent; as, for instance, Prussia, where the Roman hierarchy also exists. Such a change being considered necessary to the good of the Church, it next became a question how to carry it out with the least possible discourtesy towards the English nation and government, and the least possible interference with the existing institutions of the country. The result has been, an avoidance of the titles of the actual dioceses of England, and a selection of such as are more favourable towards the local objects of the Church. Upon this principle, and not, we apprehend, under any desire, as has been supposed, of affronting the Government or the nation, Westminster has been selected as the seat and title of the Primacy, in preference to London or Canterbury; Birmingham, instead of Litchfield; Clifton, instead of Bristol and so on. Early next year the hierarchy is to be fully organised at a National Synod, to be held at St George's, Southwark, which is to be the metropolitan cathedral, awaiting the erection of one in London. The sees will not be all filled at once, from the want of endowments. But the actual vicars apostolic will immediately become bishops in ordinary, viz., the vicar apostolic of the midland counties, Bishop of Birmingham; of the west, Bishop of Clifton; of the Lancashire district, Bishop of Liverpool; of the north, Bishop of Hexham; of the York district, Bishop of Sheffield; of the east, Bishop of Northampton; and of Wales, Bishop of Newport. The additional sees will be Southwark, Plymouth, Shrewsbury, Nottingham, and one other. Cardinal Wiseman returns immediately to London, with the dignity of Archbishop of Westminster, and will administer the diocese of Southwark till a separate bishop be nominated. The rank of cardinal being higher than that of archbishop, the latter title will merge in the former, and the style of 'his Grace' into that of 'his Eminence.' Cardinal Wiseman will make no attempt, it is supposed, to assume any state or position in the world which the present law of England does not allow him; but in his own Church of course, and especially in the public offices of religion, his high dignity will be recognised. At foreign Courts, the rank of Cardinal is next to that of princes of the blood royal, except at Rome, where a Cardinal ranks next to the Sovereign.—Post. ______________ THE CARDINALITE OF WESTMINSTER.— It is reported by those who profess themselves better acquainted than we care to be with the intentions of the Court of Rome that the promotion of Cardinal Wiseman to the titular Archbishopric of Westminster is only one portion of a complete scheme for the revival of the Roman hierarchy in this country. Twelve bishops of the Romish Church are said to be designated by the Pope to fill the sees into which it has pleased his Holiness to divide the Queen's dominions; and the Cardinal Archbishop is ere long to return to England armed with full Papal powers for the government of the affairs of the Roman Catholic body in his province. We have no means of ascertaining the accuracy of this statement, and we should be glad to learn that no such project has been entertained; or, if entertained, that it is not likely that a scheme so calculated to revive amongst the peop!e of England the strongest feelings of suspicion and aversion against the Popish authorities of the Roman Church will be executed. * * * The destiny of the Whig party in relation to the Roman Catholic Church has been curious and perplexing. They spent the first half-century of their political existence, from 1650 to 1700, ill a fierce struggle against the Catholic element which threatened to blast the liberties of the country. They have spent the last half-century, from 1800 to 1850, in removing every remnant of the penal laws and in restoring to the Romish Church all the liberty and independence it could claim at the hands of a Protestant State. This apparent inconsistency may, however, be readily explained. They combated and crushed the Catholics in the 17th century because Popery was another name for all that was most hostile to the theory of constitutional government and national independence; they laboured to emancipate the Catholics in the 19th century because their claims were preferred in the name of a persecuted faith. They resisted the pretensions of Rome to a supremacy which the laws of this country have utterly condemned for three centuries; they admitted with- out reluctance the equality of the rights of conscience under every form of religious opinions. Those rights are secured to every man, no less by the spirit of this age than by recent acts of the Legislature; but it is not the less incumbent on us to oppose whatever bears even the appearance of an assumption of authority which we emphatically reject by the solemn declaration that 'no foreign Prince, person, prelate, State, or potentate, hath, or ought to have, any juris- diction, power, superiority, pre-eminence, or authority, ecclesiastical or spiritual, within this realm.' It is not, indeed, to the English Catholics so much as to the see of Rome itself that these objections may fairly be addressed; for our Roman Catholic countrymen have, as a body, pro- bably no active part in these proceedings of the alien authority which they acknowledge. On the contrary, they are more likely to lose than to gain by such rash innovations, and the enjoyment of their religious liberties was more respectable when it was more silent But since Rome is itself the seat of these ridiculous contrivanccs, we may fairly regard such attempts at spiritual aggression as a mark of hostile impertinence, to be met with due vigour by the British Government, not in England, but in Italy. In the present state of the Pope's dominions, while the feeble remnant of his temporal power excites the compassion of the Catholic States and the contempt of his subjects, the direct opposition of England, and a bold resolution to shake the rotten edifice to its foundations might prove more formidable dangers to the occupants of the Vatican than the presence of a sham Archbishop to the Protestant citizens of Westminster. In proportion as the vitality of the Romish Church declines at its centre, it revives at its extremities; and by the strange contradictions of its nature, a Sovereign, who is too weak to defend himself in his palace against a mob who insult him with impunity, acquires a sort of parasitic existence in countries not subject to his authority, and distributes dignities and duties which are not his own. But the Papal See may presume too much on its weakness as the screen of its ambition. There is a spirit abroad even in Italy which will not be roused with impunity; and, however reluctant we may be to add fresh elements of discord to the present agitated condition of Europe, we are not disposed to submit with perfect tameness or indifference to the wanton interference of a band of foreign priests in the affairs of this country.—Times. ______________ The BISHOP OF LONDON, in reply to an address to the Clergy of his Diocese, thus speaks of the affair:— 'The recent assumption of authority by the Bishop of Rome, in pretending to parcel out this country into new dioceses, and to appoint archbishops and bishops to preside over them, without the consent of the sovereign, is a schismatical act without precedent, and one which would not be tolerated by the government of any Roman Catholic kingdom. I trust that it will not be quietly submitted to by that of our own. Hitherto, from the time of the Reformation, the Pope has been contented with providing for the spiritual superinten- dence of his adherents in this country by the appointment of vicars apostolic — bishops, who took their titles as such, not from any real or pretended sees in England, but from some imaginary diocesses in partibus infidelium. In this there was no assumption of spiritual authority over any other of the subjects of the English Crown than those of his own communion. But the appointment of bishops to preside over new dioceses in England, constituted by a Papal brief, is virtually a denial of the legitimate authority of the British Sovereign and of the English episcopate; a denial also of the validity of our orders, and an assertion of spiritual jurisdiction over the whole Christian people of the realm. That it is regarded in this light by the Pope's adherents in this country is apparent from the language in which they felicitate them- selves upon this arrogant attempt to stretch his authority beyond its proper limits. A journal which is generally believed to express the sentiments of a large portion of them at least — not, I believe, of all — points out, in the following words, the difference between the vicars apostolic and the pretended diocesan bishops. Alluding to certain members of our Church who are accused of leaning towards Rome, it says— 'In this act of Pope Pius IX. they have that open declaration for which they have been so long professing to look. Rome, said they, has never yet formally spoken against us. Her bishops, indeed are sent here, not as having any local authority, but as pastors without flocks ; Bishops of Tadmor in the Desert, or of the ruins of Babylon intruding into territories which they cannot formally claim as their own. This specious argument is once for all silenced. Rome has more than spoken — she has spoken and acted. She has again divided our land into dioceses, and has placed over each a pastor, to whom all baptised persons, without exception, within that district, are openly commanded to submit themselves in all ecclesiastical matters under pain of damnation; and the Anglican sees, those ghosts of realities long passed away, are utterly ignored.' The advisers of the Pope have skilfully contrived so to shape this encroachment upon the rights and honour of the Crown and Church of England, that his nominees to imaginary dioceses will not actually offend against the letter of the law by assuming the titles which he has pretended to confer upon them; but that it is contrary to the spirit of the law there can be no doubt. As little doubt can there be that it is intended as an insult to the Sovereign and the Church of this country.' ______________ THE ROMAN BISHOPRICS.—The Pope's Bull has been issued for the division of this country into a dozen Roman Bishoprics. Having frequently denounced of late the insolent pretensions of his Holiness, we have now to express our satisfaction at this unexpectedly candid avowal of them. We never doubted the feeling that would be excited by any such self-exposure; and very much of our own expressed anxiety on the subject, as far as these three kingdoms were involved, is already abated. As Cromwell said of a crowd of as bitter antagonists to rational and intelligent belief, the Lord hath delivered them into our hands. The sagacious gentlemen of Rome who back his Holiness have in truth committed an egregious blunder. Nothing, to all appearance, could have been going on more favourably than the Catholic crusade against liberty, religious and civil. One heard of nothing but conversions of the most spontaneous sort, and all kinds of unexpected miracles. What could we do but record them and lament over them? There seemed to be stealing over us a silent supremacy, all the more dangerous for making no parade of its authority. We were to be enslaved without knowing it. But all that is passed. His ill-advised Holiness has determined otherwise. Because the Roman Church seemed to be prospering in England, and a few silly captives had been taken from amongst us, we are suddenly called upon to make way for the conqueror. Pius the Ninth, obedient to instruction, dashes his fist into the very teeth of Mrs Grundy. Mrs G. will spit — in fact is at this moment spitting. We have endeavoured often to restrain that lady's scoldings, and to moderate her fits of malice ; but now she has been gratuitously roused into excitement, and we do not feel that it is our part to tie her tongue or pare her fingernails. When some young Esculapian hero seeks for practice npon human beings in a new locality, he begins operations cautiously. He gets a case or two; establishes in a few families some confidence in his ability to cure; and then am- bition says — Shall he set up a gig ? Prudence will often whisper that he can't afford it yet But then speculation interposes— 'If you would stand well with the world, appear to prosper. Talk of your increasing duties, drive to and fro, give parties, keep a tiger. People will take some notice of you then. Be visible.' A dash is made accordingly, and the Gazette inserts a little memorandum of the ultimate result. Now, so far as business in this country is concerned, the Church of Rome is premature in setting up its gig. We offer no objection. We can tolerate a Cardinal of Rome as readily as an M. D. of Padua. But Mrs Grundy cannot; and in this case Mrs Grundy should have been consulted. There is, as it has been our care to set forth and prove in sundry leading articles during the last twelve months, a rampant portion of the Roman Catholic community, just as there is a rampant portion of the English or any other Church. Now let the bigots fight together — cat and dog — we have no care to part them. Why should we hesitate to express ourselves right glad that by so foolish a defiance of the public feeling here, the Irish Tuamites and Cullenites should tumble into trouble. We see nigh at hand a danger to these worthies which neither the temperate logic of Dr MacHale, nor Doctor Cullen's subtle knowledge of the stars, will avert; and we much rejoice to see it. With all moderate and liberal-minded Catholics — and we believe that the majority of lay Catholics in England really are moderate and liberal- minded—we maintain peace and cordial good-will. But the pretensions of the Catholic hierarchy are now avowedly those of the mischievous men we have named; and we cannot think it at all necessary that the narrow bigotry of foreign priests should be allowed to teach intolerance to our Catholic fellow-citizens in England. Against intolerance in any sect, in any form, we resolutely set our faces. Just as strenuously as we have heretofore affirmed that we must tolerate the Catholics — just as consistently too — we now have to do battle for a higher toleration, which any further Catholic concessions would dangerously imperil — Examiner. ______________ The Debats makes the following remarks to-day on the excitement produced in England by the Pope's late appointment of bishops, &c.;— 'The simple intelligence of the re-establishment of episcopal hierarchy in England has raised in that country, or at least in the party of the National Church, an irritation and alarm which have been expressed by the most violent declamations. The Protestants have all at once set to work to read over the dusty collection of the old laws against the Papists, and to blow on the ashes of the old excommunications which were fulminated against the scarlet Babylon. Henry 8, Elizabeth, the great Revolution, are invoked from their tombs to drive away the old enemy; one would really say that there is danger of a descent into England. All these acts of fury are anachronisms. There was a time in which the Popes believed themselves entitled to dispose of this world as of the other; in which they drew on maps the divisions and frontiers of empires, gave or took many crowns, imposed or deposed kings. In those times kings and parliaments might protest and rise in insurrection; and if the Pope were now to make the least encroachment on the temporal sovereignty or national independence of England, we could understand the distrust and anger which have been caused by his last apostolic letter. But there is a question neither of an invasion, nor even of a usurpation, nor even of an excommunication. The Pope cuts out divisions and traces frontiers in a purely spiritual kingdom, and if he makes an invasion it is in a world which completely escapes from the domination of kings, queens, and parliaments — that of conscience. Neither the Pope nor the new English Catholic bishops have the pretension of demanding from the Established Church to share with them its revenues; they do not think either of demanding 'from the families of the Revolution,' from the great liberal Whigs, the restitution of the property of the clergy and the abbeys which they formerly so generously divided among themselves. In taking the title of Primate of England, Dr Wiseman does not demand the 16,000l or 29,000l a year of the Archbishop of Canterbury. In the eyes of the State, he is to-day what he was yesterday — nothing less, nothing more. The law ignores him. What the Holy See has just done for England, it has done during several centuries for Ireland. Has not the Irish Catholic hierarchy been continued without interruption since the Protestant conquest? Is there not in Ireland an episcopal Catholic see by the side of every Protestant episcopal see? Has not the Pope always nominated or accepted all the Irish Catholic bishops? This co-existence of the Catholic hierarchy by the side of the official hierarchy, is not, so far, as we know, considered an encroachment on the rights of the Crown. The Irish Catholic clergy live on the voluntary contributions of the faithful, and leave the Protestant clergy to enjoy tranquilly the fruit of their confiscations. In the eyes of the Government they are nothing; the law only deals with bishops and priests as citizens. It will be the same with respect to England. Why should the Established Church have more fear of a Catholic Bishop of Westminster than of a Catholic Bishop of Dublin? What matters it that the Court of Rome sends into England a cardinal and bishops, instead of vicars apostolic as heretofore? The law will no more recognise the former than the latter. It gives them neither privileges, nor salaries, nor titles, and they do not demand any. Has not the Church of England itself, in concert with the King of Prussia, grafted a little Anglican branch on a Lutheran branch, and transplanted both to the soil of Jerusalem, without having any scruple as to whether or not the sovereignty of the Grand Turk was encroached on? Have we not ourselves somewhere at Paris, in the neighbourhood of the embassy of her Britannic Majesty, a Bishop of the English Church! And does this cause disquietude to the Archbishop of Paris ! No. The Puritans of England may irritate themselves and protest as they will— the question is relative to things which escape from all controul, all seizure, all persecution, because they pass in the domain of the conscience. This is so true that, in older to reply to the apostolic letter, the champions of the Church of England find nothing better than to threaten the Pope to carry revolution into his dominions. 'The Pope,' says one of principal English journals, 'must not presume too much on his weakness as a protection. There is in Italy a spirit which cannot be agitated with impunity and whatever repugnance we may feel to add new elements of discord to the already very agitaled state of Europe, we are not disposed to bear patiently the daring intervention of a band of foreign priests in the affairs of our country.' It is the principal organ of the English Ministry which uses this language. Thus the Pope is warned: England will send him M. Mazziui, and light up flames in the four corners of Italy ad majorem Dei Gloriam. We ask simply — what then ? Can it be believed that if the Pope was again driven from his States he would be less powerful over the conscience of Catholics? If he were confined to no matter what St Helena, would he not still be the legitimate and immortal Emperor of the Church? Nay, more — the exiled Pope, rendering homage to the liberal laws of England herself, might go to rejoin at London all the exiled of the world, all the proscribed of monarchies and republics, and, establishing his residence at the very hearth of Protestantism, make England blush in presence of her own liberty. When, then, will the powers of the earth learn that they can do nothing against a spiritual force? 