CONCLUSION OF THE GREAT TEST AND ELECTION FOR DREEPDA1LY BURG 116. CON- THE BY ME DUNSHDNNER, TIIS UNSUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE. Parliament was at length dissolved, the new writs were issued, and the day of nomination fixed for the Dreepdailv Burghs. For a time, it appeared to myself, and indeed to almost every one else, that my return was perfectly secure. Provost Binkie was in great glory, and the faces of the unknown Clique were positively mdient with satisfaction. But a storm was brewing in another quarter, upon which we had not previously calculated. The Honorable Mr Puzzlethwaite, my opponent, had fixed bis head quarters in Droulhielaw, and to all appearance was making very little progress in Dreepdailv. indeed, in no sense nf the woid could Puzzlethwaite be : aid to be popular. He was a middle- aged man, as blind as a bat; and, in order to cure the defect, he ornamented his visage with an immense pair of green spectacles, which, it may be easily conceived, did not add to the beauty of his appearance. In speech, be was slow and verbose ; in manner, awkward: in matter, almost wholly unintelligible. He professed principles which he said were precisely the same as those advocated by the late Jeremy B?»tliaiU: and certainly, if he was correct in this, I do not regret that my parents omitted to bring me up at the feet of the utilitarian Gamaliel In'short, Paul was prosy to a de.ree hid not an atom of an i mat ion in his whole composition, and could no more have carried a crowd along with him, than he could have supported Atlas upon his shou ders. A portion, however, of philosophic weavers, and a certain section of the Seceders, had declared in his favour ; and, moreover, it was just possible that he might gain the suffrages of some of the Conservatives. Ivittleweem, the Tory burgh had hitherto preserved the appearance of strict neutrality. 1 had attempted to address the electors ot that place, but I found that the hatred of Drecpdaily aud of its Clique was more powerful than my eloquence; and, somehow or other, the benighted savages did uot comprehend the merits of the Revolution Settlement of 1688, and were as violently national as the Celtic race before the invention of the trews. Kittleweem bad equipped half a regiment for Prince Charles in the Forty-five, and stil piqued itself on its staunch Episcopacy. A Whig, therefore, couid hardly expect to be popular in such a den of prejudice. By the advice of M'Corkindale 1 abstain from any further efforts which might possibly have tended to exasperate the electors, and left Kittlcwecm to itself, In the hope that it woaid maintaiu an armed neutrality. And so it probably might have done, bu: for an unexpected occurrence. Two days before the nomination a new candidate appeared on the field. Sholto Douglas was the representative of one of the oldest branches of his distinguished name, and the race to which he more immediately belonged, had even been foremost in the ranks of Scottish chivalry and patriotism. In foct, no family had suffered more from their attachment to the cause of legitimacy than the Douglases of Inveriachan. Forfeiture after forfeiture had cut down their, broad a ads to a narrow estate; and, but for an unexpected Indian legacy, the present heir would have been marching as a subaltern in a foot regiment But a large importation of rupees had infused new life and spirit into the bosom of Sholto Douglas. Young, eager, and enthusiastic, he determined to ' rescue himself from obscurity; and the present state of the Dreefdaiiy bur„hs appeared to offer a must temptiug opportunity. Douglas was of couise Conservative to the back bone; but, more than that, he openly proclaimed himself a friend of the people, and a supporter of the rights of labour. * Confound the fellow!' said Bob M'Corkindale to me, the morning -atter Sholto's address had been placarded' through the burghs, * who would have thought of an attack of this kind from such a quarter. Have you seen his manifesto, Dunshanuer ?' , _ * Yes—here it is in the Patriot. The editor, however, gives him it sound y in the leading article. 1 lik<* his dogmatic sty e and wholesale denunciations of the Tories.' 'I'll tell you what it is though—I look upon this as any. thing but a joke Douglas is evidently not a man to stand upon old aristocratic pretensions. He has got the right sow by the ear this time ; and, had he started a little earlier, might have roused the national spirit to a very unp easant pitch. You observe what he says about Scotland, the neglect of her local interests, and the manner in which she has been treated with reference to Ireland I' ' 1 do. And you will be pleased to recollect that, but for yourself something of the same kind wou'd have appeared in my addtess.' * If you mean that as a reproach, Dunshminer, you are wrong. How was it possible to have started you as a Whig upon patriotic principles ?' * Well, that's true enough. At the same time I cannot help wishing that we had said a word or two about the interests to the north of the Tweed.* ' What is done canuot be undone. We must now stick by the Revolution settlement' * Do you know, Bob, I think we have given them quite enough of that same settlement already. Those fellows at Kittleweem laughed in my face the last time that I talked about it, and 1 am rather afraid tUat it wou t go down on the hustings.' « Try the sanatory condition of the towns, then—and universal conciliation to Ireland,' replied the Economist «I have given orders to hire two hundred P iddies, who have come over for the harvest, at a shilling a-head ; and, of course, you may depend on their voices, and also their shillelahs, if needful. I think we should have a row. It would be a great matter to make Douglas unpopular; and, with a movement of my little finger, 1 could turn out a whole legion of navigators.' ' No, Bob, you had better not It is just possible they might make a mistake, and shy brickbats at the wrong candidate. It will be safer, I think to leave the mob to itself; at the same time, we shall not be the worse for the Tipperaty demonstration. And how looks the canvass ?* * Tolerably well, but not perfectly secure. The Clique has done its best, hut at the same time there is undeniably a growing feeling against it Many people grumble about its dominion and are fools enough to say that they have a right to think for themselves.' * Could you not circulate a report that Puzzlethwaite is the man of the C ique ?' * The idea is ingenious, but I fear it would hardly work. Dreepdailv is well known to be the head-quarters of "the confederation and the name of Provost Binkie is inseparably connected with it' * By the way, M Corkindale, it strrck me that you looked rather sweet upon Miss Binkie last evening.' «I did. In fact 1 popped the question,' replied Robert calm'y.* < Indeed ! Were you accepted ?' * Conditionally. If we gain the election she becomes Mrs. M'Corkindale—if we lose, I suppose 1 shall have to return to Glasgow in a state of celibacy.' * A curious contract certainly I Wei!, Bob,.since your success is involved in mine, we mu>t fight a desperate battle.' * I wish, though, that Mr Sholto Douglas had been kind enough to keep out of the way.' observed M'Corkindale. The morning of the day appointed for the nomination dawned upon the people of Dreepdaiiy with more than u>ual splendour. For once there was nomist upon the surrounding hills, and the sky was clear as sapphire. I rose early to study my speech, which had received the finishing touches from M«Corkinda'e on the evening before; and 1 flatter myself it was as pretty a piece of Whig rhetoric as ever was spouted from a hustings. Toddy Tom, indeed, had objected, upon seeing a draft, that * there were nae banes intil it;' but the political economist was considered by the committee a superior authority on such subjects to Gills. After having carefully conned it over, I went down stairs, where the whole party were already assembled. A large blue and yellow flag with the inscription i Dunshunner and the Good CauteV was hung out from the window, to the intense delight of a gang of urchins, who testified to the popularity of the candidate by ceaseless vociferation to 'poor out' The wall opposite, however, bore some memoranda of an opposite tendency, for I could see seme large placards, newly pasted up, on which the words, * ELECTORS OF DREEPDAILY ! You ARE SOLD BT THE CLIQUE 1' were conspicuous in enormous capitals. I heard too, something like a ballad chanted, in which my name seemed to be coupled, irrevcntly, with that of the independent Gills. Provobt Binkie-who, in common with the rest of the company, wore upon his bosom an enormous blue and buff cockade, prepared by the fair hands of his daughter- saluted me with great cordia ity. I ought to observe that the Provost had been kept as much as possible in the dark regarding the actual resu'ts of the canvass. He was to propose me, and it was thought that his nerves would be more steady if he came forward tinder the positive conviction of success. * This is a great day, Mr Dunshunner—a grand day for Dreepdai y,' he said. *A day, if I u.ay sae speak, o' triumph and rejoicing I The news o' this will rin ftae one end o' the land to the ither—for the een o" a' Scotland is fixed on Dreepdaiiy, and the stench auld Whig principles is sore to prevail, even like a mighty river that rins down in spate to the sea 1' I justly concluded that this figure of speech formed part of the address to the electors which for the last two days had been simmering in the brain of the worthy magistrate, along with the fumes of the potations he had imbibed, as incentives to the extraordinary effort Of course I took care to appear to participate in his enthusiasm. My miud, however, was very far from being thoroughly at ease. As twelve o clock, which was the hour of nomination, drew near, there was a great muster at my committee-room. The band of the Independent Teetotallers, who to a man were in my interest was in attendance. They had been well primed with ginger cordial, aud were obstreperous to a gratifying decree. Toddy Tam came up to me with a face of the colour of carnation. t * 1 think it richt to tell ye, Mr Dunshunner, that there will be a bit o' a bleeze ower yonder at the hustings. The Ivittleweem folk liae come through in squads, aud Lord Hartside's tenantry have marched in a body, wi' Sholto Doug as's colours flying.' «And the Drouthielaw fellows—what has become of them ? * od, tbey'ie no wi K us cither—they' just savage at the Clique! Gudesake, Mr Dunshunner, take tent, and dinna say a word about huz. \ intend myscli to denounce the body, and may be that will do us gude.' I highly approved uf Mr Giils' determination, and as the time had now come, we formed in column, and marched towards the hustings with the teetotal band in front, playing a very lugubrious imitation of ' Glorious Apollo.' The other candidates had already taken their places. The moment 1 was visible to the audience, I was assailed by a volley of yells, among which cries of 'Doun wi' the Clique!' «Wha bought them?'—*Nae nominee!''— 'We've had eneuch o' the Whigs!' etcetera, were distinctly audible. This was not at all the kind of reception I had bargained for however, there was nothing for it but to put on a smiling face, and I reciprocated courtesies as well as 1 could with both of my honorable opponents. During the reading of the writ and the Bribery- Act, there svas a deal of joking, which 1 presume was intended to be good-humoured. At the same time there conld be no doubt that it was distinctly personal. 1 heard my name associated with epithets of anything but an endearing description, and to say the truth, if choice had been granted, 1 would far rather have been at Jericho than in front of the hustings at Dreepdaiiy. A man must be, indeed, intrepid, and conscious of a good cause, who' can oppose himself without blenching to the objuration of an cxcited mob. The Honoiab e Paul Pozzlethwaite, on account of his having been the earliest candidate in the field, was first proposed by a town councillor of Drouthielaw. This part of the ceremony appeared to ercite but little interest, the hooting and cheering being pretty equally distributed. It was sow our turn. * * Gang forrard, Provost, aud be sure ye speak oot!' said Toddy Tam ; and Mr Binkie advanced accordingly. Thereupon such a row commenced as 1 never had wit. nessed before. Yelling is a faint word to express the sounds of that storm of extraordinary wrath which descended upon the head of the devoted Provost * Clique ! Clique!' resounded on every side, and myriads of eyes, ferocious as those of the wild cat, were bent scowJingly on my worthy proposer. In vain did he gesticulate—vain impl&rfcr; The voice of Demosthenes—nay, the deep -bass^of'St«Btorhimself—couid not have been heard amidst tbat infernfcl uproar; so that, after working his arms'fora time like the limbs of a telegraph, and'exerting, himself until be becattie absolutely swart in the face, Binkie was fain to give it upj and retited amidst a whirlwind of abuse. . * ' « May the deil fly aiva' wi' the hail pack o* them*!' said" he, almost blubbering with excitement dud indignation. ' Wha wad ever hae thocht to have seen the like o* this ? and huz, too, thatgied them.the Reform Sill 1 Try your hand at them, Tam, for my.heart's auiaist broken !' . The bluff independent character of Mr Gills, and his reputed purity from all taint of the Clique operated considerably in his favour. He advanced amidst general cheering, and cries of Noo for Toddy Tam I Let's hear Mr Gills I' and the like ; aud as he tossed his hat aside and clenched his brawny fist, he really looked the incarnation of a sturdy and independent elector. His style, too, was decidedly pipular— 'Listen tae me!' he said, ( and let ,thae brawlin"' braggin', blctherin' idiwits frae Drouthielaw haud their lang clavering tongues, and no keep rowtin' like a herd o senseless nowte ! Great cheering from Dreepdaiiy and Kitt e- weem—considerable disapprobation from Drouthielaw.'. f ken them weel, the auld haverils! (Cheers.; But you, my freends, that 1 have dwalt wi' for twenty years, is. it possible that ye can believe for one moment th.it 1 nad submit to be dictated to by a clique ? (Cries of * No! no !' * It's no you, Tam !* nnd confusion.) No me ? I diuna thank ye for that! Wull ony man daur to say to my face that 1 ever colleanued wi' a pack that wud buy and sell the hail! of us as readily'as ye can deal wi' sheep's-heads in the public market? -Laughter.} Div ye tlink that if Mr Dunskunner was ony way mixed up wi' that Lang, 1 wud be here this day tae second him ? Div ye think Here Mr Gills met with a singular interruption. A remarkable figure attired in a red coat and cocked-hat, at one rime probably the property of a civic officer, and who had been observed for some time bobbin; about in front of the hustings, was now eleva ed upon the shoulders of a yeoman, and displayed to the deli c hted spectators the features of Geordie Dowie. «Ay, Toddj Tam. are ye there, man?' cried Geordie with a malignant grin. <Wliat was you and the Clique doin' at Nanse Finlayson's on Friday nicht ?' * What was it, Geordie? What was it?' cried a hundred voices. ' Am I to be interrupted by a natural f cried Gills, looking, however, considerably flu-lied in the face., * What hae ye daue wi* the notes, Tam, that the lang cliield up by there gied ye ? And whaur's your freends Shanks and McAusIan ? See that ye steek to the window aeist time, ma man!' cried Geordie with demoniac ferocity. This was quite enough for the mob, v»ho seldom require any excuse for a display of their hereditary privileges. A perfect hurricane of hissing and of yelling arose, and Gills, though he for.ght like a hero, was at laot forced to retire from the contest. Had Geordie Dowie's windpipe been within his grasp at that moment, I would not have insured for -uy amount the life ut the perfidious spy. Sholta Doughs was proposed and seconded amidst great cheering, and then Pozzlethwaite rose to speak. -1 do uot verv well recollect what he said, for I bad quite enough to do in thinking about myself, aud the Honorable Paul would have conferred a material obligation upon me, if he had talked for an hour longer. At length my turn came— ' Electors of Dreepdaiiy I That was the whole of my speed), at least the whole of it that was audible to any one human being. Hum* bi-lit, if 1 recollect right, talks in one of his travels of having somewhere encountered a mountain composed of millions of en.Angled snakes, whose hissing might hare equalled that'ef the transformed lesions of Pandemonium. I wish Humboldt, for the sake of scientific comparison, could have been upou the hustings that day! Certain 1 am that the sibilation did not leave my ears fir a fort' night afterwards; and even now, in my slumbers, i am haunted by a wilderness of asps 1 However, at the urgent entreaty of M'Corkiudale, I went on for about ten minutes, though 1 was quivering in every limb, and as pale as a ghost; and in order that the public might not lose the benefit of my sentiments, 1 concluded by hauding a copy of my speech, interlatded with fictitious cheers, to the reporter for the Dreepdaiiy Patriot. That document may still be seen by the curious in the co'umns of that impartial newspaper. I will stite this for Sholto Douglas, that he behaved like a perfect gentleman. There was in his speech no triumph over the discomfiture which the other candidates had received—on the contrary, he rather rebuked the audience for not having listened to us wiih greater pa* tience.* He then went on with his oration. 1 need hardly say it was a national one ; and it was most enthusiastically cheered. All that I need mention about the show of bands is, that it was not by any means hollow in my favour. That afternoon we were not quite so lively iu the Committeeroom as usual. The serenity of Messrs. Gills, M 'Auslan, and Shanks—and, perhaps, I may add, of myself—was a good deal shaken by the intelligence that a broadside with the tempting title of—' Full and Particular Account of an interview between the Clique and Mr Dunshunner, held at Nanse Finlayson's Tavern, on Friday last, and how they came to terms. By an Eye witness *— was circulating like wildfire through the streets. To have been beaten by'a Douglas was nothing, but to have been so artfully entrapped by a bauldy ! Provost Binkie, too, was dull and dissatisfied. The re. ception l e bad met with in his native town was no doubt a severe mortification ; but the feeling that he had been used as acatspaw and implement of the Clique was, 1 suspected, uppermost in his mind. Poor man ! we bad great difficu ty that evening in bringing him to his sixth tumbler. Even M'Corkindale was hipped. I own I was surprised at this, for 1 knew of old the indefatigable spirit and keen energy of my friend, aud 1 thought that with such a stake as he had in the contest, be would even have redoubled bis exertions. Sucb, however, was not the case. I pass over the proceedings at the poll. - From a very early hour it became perfectly evident that my chance was utterly gone; and, indeed, had it been possible, I should have lef Dreepdaiiy before the close. At four o'clock the nurabert stood thus:— . • Dreepdaiiy. Drouthielaw. Kittleweem. DOUGLAS 94 63 192 Puzzlethwaite 59 73 21 Dunshunner 72 7 Majority for Douglas, 196. We had an awful scene in the Committee-room. Gills,- who bad been drinking all day, shed copious floodsof .teats- Shanks was disconsolate—and M'Auslan refused to be comforted. Of course I gave the usual pledge, that on the very first opportunity I should come forward again to reassert the independence of the burghs, now infamously sacrificed to a Conservative; but the eheef ing at this announcement was of llio Terv faintest des-ription, and I do.ibt whether any one believed me. T»9 hoar? afterwards 1 was miles away from Dreepdaiiy. I have since had letters from that place which inform me that the Clique is utterly discomfited ; that for some days the component members of it might be seen wandering through the streets, and pouring their husky sorrows into the ean .of every stray listener whom they could find, until they became a possitive nuisance. My best champion, however, - was the Editor-of the Patriot—That noble and dauntless individual eoutinued for weeks afterwards to pour forth Jeremiads upon my defeat, and stigmatised my opponents and their supporters as knaves, mKcreants, and nincompoops. . I was, he maintained, the victim of a base conspirarcy; aud the degraded town of Dreepdaiiy would sever be able thereafter to tear it* polluted bead in the Royal Convention of Burghs Whilst these things were going on in Dreepdaiiy, I was closeted with M'Corkindale in Glasgow. * So, then, you have lost your e eetion,' said be. «May 1 inquire into the nature of your future movements?* * I have not yet made up my mind. These election matters put eveiy thing else out of one's head. Let nie see—-August is appioaching, and I half promised the Captain or M*Alcohol to spend a few weeks with him at his shooting quarters.* ' Are you aware, Dunshunner, that one of your bills falls $ue at the Gorbals Bank upon Tuesday next ' « Mercy upon me. Bob ! I had forgotten all about it' I did not goto the Highlands after alL The fatigue and exertion we had undergone rendered it quite indispensable that ray friend Robert and I should relax a little. . Accordingly we havte both embarked for a short run upon the Continent—Blackwood. ADELAIDE: Printed and Published every Tiiursday apfl Saturday Morning, by George Stevenson, Sole proprietor, ^t the "Gazette and Mining Journal Office,.King WillW"- street, nearly opposite the ** Southern Cross." 26,1851. 