THE MILL OF ATHOLL S GLEN. \- (After Ossian, by Punch Why is the Deeper of Atholl closed? Wherefore is the eye of Strange surrounded with a ring of purple ? It is the print of the Southron knuckle -the postmark of the Cambridge Under- graduate, heavy-handed bruiser." Cambridge Undergraduate, bruiser of the heavy hand, wherefore didst thou darken the eye of Strange? Whybungedst thou up the Deeper of Atholl The autumn winds were singing the co- reach of the summer in Glen Tilt. A moaning, is of no end of ghosts, swept through the hollow glen. There, with the red and brown leaves falling around him, stood the chief of Clan Atholl, with a party of ladies and gentlemen. Shrouded in the mist of the distance cometh Sandy Macloran. With him he > hold two stranger forms approaching. Onward they come, with the sturdy tramp of youth ; stout are the cudgels which they grasp in their nervous fists. He, there, you that range unbidden the Glen of Tilt ! Halt, ye wanderers from the land of cockney ! Stand, ye jumpers of the counter ! We are no jumpers of the counter ; no wanderers are we from the land of Cock- ney. We come from the meadows that are watered by the Cam - from the abodes where learning dwelleth in her colleges and hall. Thither journey we on this beaten track And who the deuce art thou that rinderpest is ? Ken ye not the Chief of Clan Atholl the tourisí-baflling Duke of the impassable glen? For the Chief of Atholl's Clan we care not a dump ; the Duke of the impassable glen we value not at a farthing. We have passed the Asses-bridge, wherefore should we not cross thy glen ? Chief of Clan Athol get out of the way ? Duke of the impassable glen, stand out of the sunshine ! Fire flashed from the eye of Atholl ; wrath blazed from the countenance of Strange. By the collar he seized the fore- most youth. Back ! Return by the way thou earnest. Back ! or, by the beard of only ten thousand ancestors, ye shall rue the day'! Back, I say, on your lives, ye sons of Gi ants ! Unhand nie, Chief of-Clan A Sholl, or whoever thou art i, Unhand me, I say, or I will punch thine head. Thou wilt not ! No ? Here goefliNhen ; take that for thyself Together they rushed ; the son of Granta and Chief of Clan Atholl. Furious was the chief, wild and aroused was the Undergraduates' monkey. Blow was exchanged for blow, range for lunge, slash for slash ; -heavy was the countering, and the knocks resounded. Loud shouted the gentlemen, shrill were the screams of the ladies. The chief was overcome with fury, and hit all abroad. Weary was the Canta- origin youth, well trained on the pleasant banks of the Cam to encounter in stand- up mill the brawny bargee. Sharp fell the stinger on the proboscis of Strange ; fast flowed the claret from the cock of Atholl. One, two, were planted on the optics of the chief darkness swam before him; then fell a stunner on his ducal frontispiece, and he was doubled up by a minister in the bread basket. The stag- gered he fell into the at ins of his faithful henchman even the arms of Sandy Maularan. To the rescue, Donald of the tufted chin ! Roderick of the red moustachios, to the help of your Chief! Hamish of the pipes -Dougal the breckless-claymore for Clan Atholl ! The eight hands of the four bold grooms are at once on the collar of the Sassenach As many more grasped the coat tails of his companionate Heelandmen were brow. From before the bruised face of their chieftain -they drag away the sons of Granta. Mourn for ecchymosis encircles the ogle of Strange: lament; for the visual organ of Atholl is darkened. Raise the sound of wail upon a thousand bagpipes ! Closed is the eye of him who would close Glen Tilt to the traveller. Contusion sits on the brow of the chieftain ; the countenance of the Duke beareth marks of punishment. 