LOCAL. Mr. Barnes' htctvfe.— On Thursday evening, Mr. Barnes delirered his lecture on 'Milton's Paradise Lost,' to a numerous and highly in telligent audienre. Mr. Barnes, in the true spirit of pocsv, dwelt in enraptured language upon the beauties of the poem— the noble mo tire of the poet, with the misfortunes and sor rows which beset him — delivering, in a style and attitude calculated to excite the attention of his bearers, many extracts from that delicious work. We will endeavour, if possible, to give an outline of the lecture in a future number. Fashionable Departure.— On Thursday last, Mr. Motes Simpson, whom the Examiner re ported in its last issue as the ' newly appointed hangman,' took his departure for the residence of a settler on the hanks of the Tarnar. Apropos with this, on the same day Mr. Aiken head adminstered a severe instigation to a ' juvenile deviV employed in his printing-office for expressing sympathy for the sufferings of a gang of prisoners who were passing the office at the time. Draught Horses. — The commissariat will receive tenders until Wednesday the 30th inst. for two strong draught horses, under six years old, and subject to trial and approval. Reward.— The three men who attempted to rob the Adelaide in Ilobart Town harbour, in making there escape, were stopped by the sentry on duty at the commissariat stores. A sub scription limited to small sums, was got up by the merchants amounting to j£3 Is 9d and given to the soldier ; also £\ to the watchman on board the Adelaide, who gave the alarm. Salt beef. — The Commiesarint will receive tenders, until Wednesday the 3rd September next, for the the supply of five hundred tierces of best colonial sslted beef, deliverable Bt Hobart Town. ? For England.-— We remind such of the inha bitants who may be desirous of communicating with friends in England, that an opportunity will bfi furnished by the departure of the brig ' Adelaide,' Capt. Comyn, for London, about the first week in the approaching month Jjegal. — Two young gentlemen (native born) J. W. Graves end E. Danes have passed the Court of Examiners, and recorded certificates of qualification to practise a« barristers, solicitor*, proctors and attorneys. Another symptom of the ruin of the colony.— The Courier of Wednesday last notices the launching of a new mail coach, built by Mr. Frascr for Mr. Lawrence Cotham of Richmond, which is intended to be run as the mail coach ; it is neatly embellished with gold, paint, and varnish, and is the best looking coach in Hobart Town. The general increase of coaches (con tinues the Courier] on the main and cross roads of this island, may be considered as an indication of the prosperity of the community. A new Kne of road between Port Cygnet and North West Bay, has been outfor the convenience of tbesettlers. Execution at Oatlands.. — On Monday last, George Mackie, convicted of the wilful murder of Thomas Gilbert, suffered the last penalty of the lair; he died acknowledging -the justice of the sentence, and in penitence and sorrow for the crime. Acknowledgement of services. — We have be fore stated, that a detachment of the 1 8th Royal Irish, passengers on board the ship Alibi, for Adelaide, rendering assistance, so valuable, ifl an extremity in which the vessel whs placed, as to deserve the merit of having saved her from destruction. In acknowledgement of this service the Tasmtmian, Dement, and Tamar Insurance Companies presented the men with a gratuity of £10. Worsted stockings.— The commissariat will receive tenders until the 31st inst., for the sup ply of 1000 pairs. Cannibalism at Swan River.— The following accouut of the cruel Cannibalism of the Natives of the northern part of the Colony of Swan River, is given by a Gentleman lately arrived from thence. It is stated that so ravenous are the natives for human flesh, that they frequently tear young children from the breasts of their mothers and roast them alive ! The natives rnock the grief of the mothers, during this awful scene, by laughing and making wry faceE at the unfortunate women. California —The following is an extract from a letter of Mr. Thomas Hinnigan's, which appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald of July 1st, dated San Francisco, April 24th:— 'About a month since we had three days' horse racing, at which some thousands of people were present. The Sydney bloods' brought down by Mr. George Cooper Turner, took the race. Many have been the robberies and murders commit- ted in this city and in the mining districts of late, as you will perceive from the papers' and in many instances, I regret to say, Sydney men have been the principles. In the mines, when caught, they have been immediately lynched.' Royal Amphitheatre. — The beautiful scenery exhibited — the judicious selection of pieces — the propriety and good order observed — and last, though not least, the excellent style of acting to be witnessed at this place of amuse ment, deservedly entitles it to a greater amount of patronage than it received on Thursday evening last, and occasioned many speculative opinions as to the cause— some ascribing it to many quondam admirers of the drama having ceased to be play-goers — others contending that it was owing to a scarcity of ' California' in the Launceston market. However, be this as it may, the performances were gone through in first-rate syle, the ' knights of the sock and buskin' appearing determined to maintain their characters, although playing to almost empty benches. For Monday evening next a succession of novelty is announced, and it is hoped a numerous assemblage will attend to witness it. The Examiner and the Swamp. — Talk of in consistency : never sure was such displayed in any journal, so gross and so extravagant, as that exhibited by the editor of the Examiner in an article about the swamp in Wednesday's issue of that journal. Truly did our valued corres pondent, the ' Old Soldier of York-street' say, Snarler was made up of 'inconsistency and deceit.' If public works are commenced Snarler decrys them, and bittlerly reproaches the government for their horrid inhumanity in causing the worst offenders to work at bard labour, dwelling, with thrilling accents, upon the persecutions heaped upon them in having to change their ' dry clothes,' when they repair to work, for more suitable garments to labour in. How ruany hundicds of navigators and excavators in England have to work at excava tions or ditches for a precarious living ? How many would gladly avail themselves of such an opportunity to procure employment? Yet these men, convicted of heinous offences, and sen tenced to bard labour for thtir misdeeds, are pitied by the .Examiner for having to work in this 'wide and yielding morass' — as the ditch being cut across the swamp is termed by him. ' Why select the winter months for the execu tion of work which, at any time, must be fraught with much that is inimical to health ?' sayi the sapient censor. Why, indeed, say we? But when we reflect that the work was commenced in summer, and not completed before the win ter set in, we are unable to imagine whv the cold weather should be a plea for the destruction or non-completion of that work, viewed by every owntman as highly important. A Ghost.— On Wednesday evening last, a dim spectre was observed tn Brisbane-street, representing a skeleton in a suit of yellow, and having a pair of double irons on. It was ticketted ' Aching-head left-off,' and preceded by Checkers, the bellman, crying ' Lost t a little child, that squints !' We are unprepared to state the meaning of the yellow suit ; but it hod something to do, no doubt, with the ' Looker-on' gent, who enquired, through the columns of the Examiner, whether Dr. Hampton had been applied to for a supply of that de scription of clothing? Stud Horse. — We learn that the celebrated stud horse, Yeoman, bas changed hands, Mr. Joseph Speed, of Spring Hill, having purchased him from Mr. Gee for £150. 