STATE EDUCATION FOR CHILDREN IN THE BUSH. To the Editor of the People's Advocate. 3ia,— The fundamental principle upon whieh Smith, in his Wealth of nations, rait-es as upon a rock, the soience of political economy was, that labour is the source and origin of all wealth ' La hour was the first price,' the original purchase money that was paid for all things says he, ' it was not by gold or by silver, but by labour, that all the wealth of the world was originally purchased." Just so' it might be said that learning is the 'source of all know ledge, the real origin of intelligence among the people : without the appliances of scholastic learning to the children of the masses, the people mun and will degenerate. Education and training , then, is the price, and personal application, on the part of the pupil, the purchase money for that knowledge aud mental enlightenment to which there is no royal road. In densely populated countries, one great cause of the increase in the productive powers of labour and of learning are found to consist iu the division and subdivision of these — a division which arose, in the first instance, from the obvious suggestions of nature, and whioh have given birth in their progress to the various arts, trades, and professions which exist in every advanced state of society, and occasioned that universal opulence and power (for knowledge is power) which has occasion ally extended itself to the lowest ranks of the people in every highly civilized country. But the effects of this principle have never in any society, or in any age of the world, been seen in their full extent, owing to the unjust and impolitic regulations which governments and legislators have at various times devised to com trol and thwart Its operations. Instead of seeing to the proper education and training of the youth of the great masses of the people, and allowing every man, when' educated and trained, to pursue his own interest in bis own way. No government has ever yet paid due attention to tbe teaching and training of the people ; they have all more or la38 neglected the youth, and from lalse views of policy, or worse motives, extraordinary restraints have been laid upon some branches of industry ; while monopolies, equally injurious iu thair result, have been bestowed upon others. This position has been remarkably exemplified in tbe State and Vhurch alliance'. Here it does not matter how the governments have negleoted the ohildren of the state, while they were children : the moment they beoome men and women, all were obliged to 1 support the extraordinary privileges and monopoly of the olergy. In religion, no man was allowed to follow his own interest, in his own way ; but nolens volens , the finger of the priest was allowed to be dipped into every man's pocket. This universal error is the more remarkable, as there is no Scriptural support for these Church and State alliances in the 0 d Testament , and there is certainly none in the New. The silence of the New Testament on the supposition of such an allianoe is indeed surprising, when we con sider how universally they have been adopted, on the one hand, and how universally the children bawbeen neglected on the other. 1 1 will be found that in every conntry the children of the state have been neglected, just in proportion as tho priests of the state have been pampered 1 But it could be shewn that this unholy alliance is not only without Scriptural authority, but against it : " Render unto Cæsar the things that are Cæsar's, and unto God the things that are God's." In this language our Lord lays down a distinction between the province of Cassar and of God ; and teaches that matters of religion belong to the latter, but matters of civil government to the former. In civil affairs, man is amenable to civil government, but in affairs of religion, to God only. This comprehensive and fundamental maxim of the Bible deserves to be well studied by every citizen and by every Christian ; so as to enable him to distinguish between his civil and his religiouB duties. The latter require only bis voluntary support, and the service of the heart ; hut the former require, necessarily, his support whether that is voluntarily rendered or not. Every man is required 44 not only to look to his own thiDgs, bnt every man also to the things of others." Every man and woman is amenable to the laws of his country, hence these laws shonld see to the proper training and teaching of those who are thus obliged to obey tbe laws. It is the duty of the state to teach virtue as well as to punish vice ; but tyrants, who view their fellow-creatures merely as instruments of their ambition, are themselves vicious, hence they neither do, nor can teach virtue, and as they cannot calculate upon implicit sub mission to their hated rule, are averse that knowledge aud universal enlightenment should prevail among those upon whose rights they trample ; they find the need not only of an army to secure an external submission to their hated rule, but also of a sycophantic and cunning priesthood, who by dishonestly working upon the hopes and fears of men— -keeping them ignorant — at once pros trate their understanding and enslave both body and mind. Ac cordingly we find, that the spirit of priestly domination, like the spirit of evil, has been from tho most distant ages lording it over a suffering world. That it has even had the audacity to represent Christianity as being identified with the cause of despotism, as requiring the aid of injustice and oppression , and as sanctioning political corruption and deeds of horrid darkness, as has been so fully exemplified in that misgoverned and priest-ridden country, Ireland; the Established Church, of which a writer in the Edin- burgh Review, has aptly compared to an Irish regiment of vo lunteers, whioh consisted of sixteen lieutenant-colonels, two drummers, and one private ! " It is a melancholy fact that in all ages since the general estab lishment of Christianity, the most formidable combinations against human progress and human happiness have been combinations of the clergy. To uphold despotism — to perpetuate ignorance— to establish superstition — to oppose every thing calculated to enlighten and to promote the happiness of their fellow-men — have been almost invariably their leading characteristics. Cruel, selfish, bigotted, arrogant, narrow-minded, and dishonest, beyond the precincts of their own legitimate vacation, they have been among the very greatest enemies of their race. The days of active, persecution have indeed gone by — the power of interfering with life and liberty has passed away from them, but the spirit which animated their per secuting predecessors still exists in them, and they exert all their power of speech where they can no longer control." This fact was fully demonstrated by the strenuous opposition to the introduction of the National System of Education, which was exhibited by the Bishop and his clergy. These clergy, and all the paid officials of the government, expect to do here as they would do in all the more densely populated countries of Europe — to continue to divide and subdivide ; whereas they must combine and group together the scattered and scanty materials of which our population is composed Tbe existence, much less the extent of this principle, has not even been recognised by the legislature of New South Wales. Even the pet and pensioned sects of the clergy, of the four favoured denomi nations, these pampered Individuals have absorbed £80 000 a year among themselves, rfnd they have done so without . making any proviso— any promise to divide the spoil with those who are perish ing beyond the boundaries for lack of knowledge. Placed, as they are, in the populous cities, towns, and rural villages, where— if they afro worthy in the estimation of the people — the people would sup port them on the voluntary principle! But these gentlemen, who have each declared "that he believes himself to be called to his holy and high vacation by the Holy Ghost," are yet so much tied to' Mammon as not to give up their gripe of the unholy thing lucre ; thus with their mouth they say one thing, but with their actions another— with the lip they serve God, -but by their actions they worship Mammon ! They seem to care nothing for their fellow creatures. Their own ease, respectability, and independence, are of far mere value in their estimation than all the immortal souls in the bush, that are perishing for lack of knowledge ! But the legislature must teach these selfish individuals to be at least just, if they will not be generous, and compel them to distribute with an even hand the £80,060 a year to every part of the colony, so that every and each portion may have its public worship supplied at the public expense, agreeable to the terms of the Act. Tbe Reverend gentlemen must no longer be allowed to absorb in the settled dis tricts of the colony, and even that in the most partial manner, to the exclusion of other and far more needful parts of the territory. I could name many towns and villages, even within the boundaries, where any of tbe four favoured sects cannot be settled, merely because some wolves in sheeps' clothing have gone before them and absorb all the living, as it is called. And this is also the case with tbe funds bestowed upon the Denominational Schools; it is spent, where it is least required, and where the people could, and Bbould, supply themselves with their sectarian dogmas! It' would have been better bad the legislature thrown the £30.000 a year over the heads of Sydney Cove, than distribute it — as it has done — amoDg these enemies of all human progress ! Had the' legislature done so, or what was better — kept the money in the treasury, the people would have-supplied themselves with public worship and teachers to their own mind ; but having pensioned these priests, it has most effectually placed an incubus on the shoulders of the body politic that will not be easily got rid pf, and where it cannot prevent, it will obstruet eery movement in advance! But the question reours how are the children in the bush to receive a suitable secular education, seeing they are so far apart and so much scattered, and seeing that they have been so com pletely overlooked by tho priests and the pet parties who have absorbed and divided among themselves those funds which, if pro perly managed, would have sent the blessing of education on a cheap boarding system to every child iu these solitudes, and which would also have supplied the lack of public worship in theBe parts ? These children cannot receive the necessary education solely, either on the plan of the Irish System or of the English National Schools, or even of the Parochial Schools of Scotland ; the cheap boarding system must be added to the former of these, so as to adopt it to the "Bush of Australia!" In a former letter I calculated that little more than £3000 would be sufficient to board one thousand children, but practical men have since assured me that it could he done for half of that sum — that tbe charge for flour and meat would be less by fifty per cent, than the price named — that these and sugar could be grown and manufactured on the ground, the sugar being made readily from tho stalks of unripe maize — that were the children boarded, as they are in some parts of Switzerland, on the plan of M. Pestalogi, on which Dr. Johnston's more recent system of agricultural training might with great advantage be engrafted, and which is admirably adapted for the ohildren in the interior of this colony, who might thus be taught the true value of labour — the source of all wealth, and the real value of learning — the source of all knowledge, and intelligence, and independence, amongst a people. At school, our children have hitherto been taught; but they have not been trained. Teaching may be defined as the infusion of principles, but training is the formation of habits, and where have habits been inculcated at school? Vicious and idle habits, indeed, may have been fostered there ; but habits of industry and economy never ! Training is either intellectual, physical, or moral. Intel lectual training may be carried on distinotly and separately, so may physical ; in this cheap boarding system they could be combined, and oarried on with moral training, which, though it includes tbe others, yet haB a distinct object, and is tbe loftiest and most elevated cultivation of which tho human mind is susceptahle, The training of a child in its intellectual powers is not so much the affording instruction, as it is giving to the mind a habit of thinking, and of thinking correctly upon every subject. Tbe same may be said of tbe moral affections : it is that of training the child to feel aright ; and also of the physical organs : it is that of training the body to habits of correct action.' To teach is not to train ; we may teach a"child without fulfilling the divine precept : 44 Trai i up a ohiltf in the way he should go." We must train physically, rationally, and morally. The divine command iB not simply : 44 Teach or Bhow the child how he ought to walk' in tbe way," bat 44 train him in the way," and this implies personal snperintendence and example, which could be fully reduced to practice in the cheap hoarding system sought to be established in tbe Bush. Children of several families meet together at school, under the direction of an enlight ened schoolmaster, develope a greater variety of disposition, and afford a better and more favourable opportauity of training to virtuous habits than possibly could be accomplished singly and alone. Example and sympathy operate powerfully to produce good or evil on children : evil when they are allowed to hang as they grow, and allowed to take their own way without control ; bnt good, great good when trained UBder suitable management and direction, It is hardly possible to over estimate the advantage of properly educating and training the children in the Bash ! The disadvantages which they now latiour under shonld be convened into tbe greatest advantage. The whole of the funda can easily be obtained Irom the useless salaries of the Crown Land Commis sioners, and the nex>-tOMJseleB9 expenditure of the Denominational Sohools, without further increasing the burdens of the people. Thus two or three evils would be got rid of, and the greatest good established in theira Sted ! Latitude 32 20' South. INDEX. 