WESLEYAN METHODIST MEETINGh A meeting of office-bearers and members of this Society was called by advertisement on Friday evening, at the large room, Peacock's-buildings. There was a large attendance, and on the motion of Mr. Middleton Mr. R. Nicholls, of Houghton, a local preacher and leader of 25 yeare' standing, was called to the chair. He commenced business by calling on the meeting to follow out the scriptural practice of invoking a blessing on their proceedings by praise and prayer. He then gave out a hymn, commencing ' Wide as the world is thy command, Vast as eternity thy love.' He then called on Mr. Williams, local preacher, who prayed for some minutes with great force and fervour. The Chairman then said the meeting was called by an advertisement, which he would read. It appeared in all the Adelaide papers. It was not a hoax, but emanated from men who meant what they said — men of upright mind and Christian character. He then read tho advertisement, which called on all Methodists who disapproved of State aid to religion, and ' were desirous of seeing Methodism carried out in South Australia on New Testament grounds — on the pure voluntary principle on which Wesleyan Methodism was founded, to consider the propriety of an opposition to State aid for religious purposes.' The Chairman continued — Thus they would perceive that was a meeting of members exclusively, and ministers, should there be any present, would not have a right to address the meeting unless by courtesy. Mem bers would, however, be at liberty to speak on both sides of the question. (Applause.) He trusted that the advocates of either side would have an equally fair and impartial hearing from the meeting. It was possible the meeting would have a conversational character ; but at all events he hoped it would be conducted in a kindly spirit. (Hear, hear, and applause.) They were not met to war with any point of doctrine. They did not oppose their preachers on personal grounds. They loved Methodism as it was left by John Wesley; but they feared that the present system, which had impaired its efficiency, would, if per sisted in, retard its progress and affect its stability, and eventually overthrow it. (Applause.) If steps were not taken to oppose the spread of High Church, he might almost say Romish, opinions and feelings among their preachers, he greatly feared for the continued usefulness of Methodism. (Hear, hear.) It might be asked — What right had they to call that meeting ? He asked, in answer, What right had the Rev. John. Symons to write letters in the newspapers calling on the electors to vote for such can didates as were favourable to grants from the State in aid of religion ? They were all members of a connexion, and they were all deeply interested in the welfare of the body of which they were members. He had been a member 25 years. He had worn out his constitution in the service of Methodism — he had in his time many a blistered foot, many an empty purse, aye, and many a hungry belly ; and was it not right for him, and such as him, to tell the preachers what they thought when they saw those preachers forsaking the principles of John Wesley. (Hear, hear.) He was convinced, notwithstanding the statements of their preachers, that there were amongst the Methodists a decided majority against State aid, if the members could be induced to come forward and speak out in opposition to published statements of the preachers. He maintained they had a right to argue all questions affecting the welfare of the Society. They had supported it with their means, they had excited their strength in its service, and thus earned a right to jog the memories of their preachers, and tell them they were going out of the old path ; they were leaving Methodism, but that the members would have it, and have it in its purity and its power. (Applause.) He did not like anything cowardly. He liked always to face his opponent, and regretted that the Rev. Mr. Currey was not there to repeat what he understood he was in the habit of saying behind his back. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Nicholls) lived in the hills, and could not be cognizant of what took place in Adelaide ; but he under stood Mr. Currey was in the habit of detailing, in the places he visited, what great things were done for Richard Nicholls. (Shame.) He also understood the rev. gentleman had made a sort of apology to the editor of some paper for the language he applied to him ; but why not, if he intended to apologize, do so by a letter in the paper, or transmit one privately to him (Mr. Nicholls). He might, with far greater justice, talk of what he done for Mr. Currey and the ministers ; for when there were but a few shillings in his possession, he un hesitatingly paid them for his own family's tickets. (Hear, hear.) He had been frequently reduced to his last shilling, but he never regretted having come to Adelaide, for he always though a special Providence directed him, and he could not think it reasonable that he should be told he had no right to denounce State aid. He was told, when he entered his class, that he joined a Missionary society ; and right sure was he that the first preachers who had established that Society would have trembled at the idea of departing from the old purity of Methodism — from the single- minded service of the living God. It was not to be said in tho nineteenth century that Methodism could not do without State aid. What was Mr. Symons telling the world? What were the Wesleyan preachers telling the world by accepting State aid? Why, that they had found out a new plan — something better than the old one of John Wesley's institution — that the people whose voluntary efforts, with God's grace, spread Methodism over the face of the earth, were no longer able to carry on the work of their founder — of their God — (hear, hear) — that, in fact, they had become State paupers. Were they pre pared to allow such an impression to go forth ? Should it be said they could no longer support Methodism, and that the Society had lost its missionary character? (Hear, hoar.) If, indeed, it could not stand upon its own intrinsic merits, let it perish. (Hear, hear.) But they were not then to quarrel with Methodism, but to repel Popish aggression ; for the tendency of their preachers was in that direc tion: the Methodism, he repeated, of their preachers was allied to Popery ; did they not say in effect to the Popish priests, ' Our religion is as good as yours.' (Hear, hear.) They could never stand up against Popery while they sanctioned a system that supported its deadly forms — its imperious dogmas — its dangerous' delusions. (Applause.) If the members did not take care and remedy the present state of things, they would wake up some fine morning and find themselves saddled with a State Church, and tumbling on the edge of the abyss of Popery. Mr. Gurr wished to know how long the Chairman had held those opinions. The Chairman said any question could be asked at a proper time, but the brother should not interrupt him. Mr. Colton wished to ask a question. Mr. Middleton could not allow the harmony of the meet ing to be disturbed. The Chairman requested Mr. Colton to wait until a reso lution was before 'the Chair. He would then make any re marks, or put any question he pleased. Mr. Colton continued his attempts to speak; but cries of 'Chair! Chair!' from all parts of the meeting induced him to sit down. Mr. Gurr would contend there was no Wesleyans there. (A laugh.) The Chairman called on , Mr. Williams, who rose to move the first resolution. He said he stood there as the friend of all and the enemy of none. He had no quarrel with any human being, and his only struggle would be for the truth. He considered the reli gion of Protestants was founded on the Bible, and the Bible alone. That religion was propagated by love to all. The speaker went on in a pious strain to argue that the pre cepts and promises of the New Testament proved that Christianity was established on the voluntary principle of disinterested love to God and man. That had been, he said, his principle for six-and-twenty years as a Wesleyan. He believed that to receive State support was contrary to the writings of John Wesley as found in his volume of sermons. Here Mr. Williams read an ex tract from Wesley's sermon on the ' Mystery of Iniquity,' also from the sermon on the ' Signs of the Times,' which he contended were conclusive against the re ceipt of State aid in support of Wesleyanism. He then cited several texts of Scripture, wliich he argued would establish the fact that Christ founded and the Apostles pro pagated Christianity on the voluntary principle ; among others were ' Render unto Cajsar the things that are Caesar's.' The words were remarkable. They were to 'render,' which implied it was to be voluntary — not compulsory. (Hear, hear.) Then they were to render unto Caesar the things that were Cresar's, and unto God the things that were God's.* They were not, in paying for the protection of the civil Government and providing for God's worship, to mix up in one common fund the means for supporting the officers of Government with that which should supply the stipends of the clergy, minister to the wants of the widow and the orphan and the needy. (Applause.) Then, again, Christ said His kingdom was not of this world ; and John Wesley said when the Church and State was united, it was an unlawful marriage. A voice — ' Well done, John Wesley !' )- Mr. Williams — Yes, brethren ; and we are met to protest 'against this unlawful marriage (applause), and we are de termined to have a divorce. (A laugh.) Christ said — ' He that is not with me is against me ;' ' He that gathereth not scattereth ; ' ' You cannot serve two masters y' and the Apostle Paul says—' There is no fellow ship between Christ and Belial ;' ' Have no fellowship with the works of darkness, but rather reprove them.' By working out the Gospel precepts of spirit and truth, more good could bo effected than by all the gold of Cali fornia. The diffusion of God's word was not a question ot silver or gold; for they had in the success of Peter's preachmg, where in one day 3,000 souls were converted, a proof that money was not required, for they had the same Apostle declaring that ' silver or gold he had none.' (Ap plause.) The Apostle Paul also referred to his labours, and his right to receive support, but, lest bis example might furnish an excuse to future preachers, declined it. Ho did, indeed, collect money, but it was for tho poor and afflicted, the widows and the orphans. (Hear, hear, and ap plause.) It was the love of man, and not the love of money, that inspired the primitive preachers. (Great applause.) But their teachers were, without their consent, setting up the Diana of State gold, and called on them to fall down and worship it. ('No, no.') He was not a mush room advocate of liberal principles, it was not the late excitement that called him forth. He had been for years a Methodist and a Christian, but if he could not so continue, he would, rather than renounce his Christianity, cease to be a Methodist. (Hear, hear, and a cheer.) 'Some of the brethren had fear3 respecting that meeting; ho had none. He came there with the Bible under one arm, John Wesley'3 Works under the other, and love to God and man in his heart. Ho believed that where there were so mauy local preachers and class- lcadcr3 willing to go forth and preach Christ and his redemption, the Methodist should be the last to accept State aid, and tho very first to give it up. (Applause.) There was one point to which he would refer before he sat down— that was to the determined opposition exhibited by the Committee of Privileges against Romish aggression, whiles hero the preachers were content to dip in the same dish with its agents. (Hear, hear.) Truth was, in his opinion, as straight as a yard-staff, and if it was right to oppose Popery in England, it was not right to support ' it here. (Applause.) He was no bigot ; he was for the people of the Romish Church supporting their own form of worship, and the Wesleyans doing the same thing, as he felt convinced they were able and willing to do so. In an article published by the body, he found that the con tributions of the members here were— in 1843, £490; in 1849, £590 ; in 1850, £740. Although that latter sum might not be enough, it would not he far short of the sum re quired to support six preachers. It would allow £110 per annum for the four juniors, and leave £300 to ba divided between the two seniors ; ana ne was cerium mo puupio would willingly make any reasonable increase to those al lowances; but* it was never intended that preachers should save money. He believed it would be a violation of Divine command, and John Wesley believed it was as positively prohibited as murder and adultery. (Hear, hear.) He did indeed teach that it was good to gain all we could, and save all we could ; but it was that we might have the more to give away. (Applause.) That was the best way to coun teract covctousness, which is idolatry. They were willing to make great sacrifices for their preachers, but they could not sacrifice their religious liberty. (Hear, hear.) If they insist on that, said the speaker, God help us ! Then we must take the Apostles' stand, and obey God rather than man. He begged to propose the first resolution : — ' Considering that Christianity was founded on purely voluntary principles, and supported by the freewill offerings of the people, this meeting is of opinion that the reception of the State support is a violation of those principles, and con trary to the sentiments laid down in John Wesley's Ser mons.' Mr. Middlelon, in seconding the resolution, remarked that it seemed to be the policy of the preachers to regard men, not measures. He hoped that meeting would regard measures, r.ot men ; and, if so, all attempts to find fault with the individuals who came forward to oppose State grants would be futile. It was quite probable that he would, for taking part in that meeting, be charged with being an agent of the Wesleyan Times, that able, honest, but Con ference-denounced journal. He would admit that he had shaken hands with its proprietor, and was ou intimate terms with Mr. Harrison, and that was known to many of their preachers, as they were willing enough to borrow the paper from him before it was denounced by Conference ; and he was convinced they still perused it occasionally with as much zest, if not as much approbation, as ever. (Hear, hear.) They took their stand on the four volumes of ser mons and the poll- deed, and until the preachers answered the letter signed ' Luke Broadbent,' published in the daily Register and Adelaide Observer newspapers, they should not quarrel with members for holding opinions similar to those expressed so well by that writer. (Hear, and applause.) It was really pitiable — it was distressing to all true Wes leyans to know that their clergymen went to the Treasury to draw State stipends, and probably stood at the desk with an Episcopal minister, evangelical or Puseyite, as the case might be, on one hand, and Dr. Murphy and his priests on the other. (Shame.) He would ask — could Popery flourish, could it exist in this colony without State aid ? (' No, no.') Then were their preachers chargeable with its perpetuation, for their acceptance of the unholy thing it was that gave an appearance of justice to the system ; were they to repu diate the grant it could not, for very shame's sake, be con tinued. Were the Wesleyans to act worthy of their fore fathers and their founder they would join those disinterested Dissenters who reject State aid; then the injustice of granting it to the Churches of England and Rome would be so apparent that its propriety would not be argued for a season by its advocates, or its existence tolerated a day by the colonists. (Cheers.) State aid was never contemplated by Wesley, and it is incompatible with the well-being of the system he established. How was it operating in Lon don ? There the Committee of Education were erecting a model training school, and the Government offered, on cer tain conditions, £7,000 to assist in the completion of the building, but the conditions would have the effect of closing the lips of their local preachers. Were they prepared for that? He would ask the meeting how they would like to have the mouths of their local preachers stopped? When it was ascertained that a State paid teacher was in the habit of holding Divine service as a local preacher, it was at once intimated that he must discontinue the work to which he was called by the Holy Ghost or the State support would be withdrawn. (Hear, hear.) Well, what was the consequence ? The man's name was erased from the plan. (Hear, hear.) If such a thing was done in England, did it not behove them to consider how State aid would affect the society here ? If such things were done in the green, what might they expect in the dry? (Applause.) The Chairman said there was no enquiry as to the truth of doctrine at the Treasury ; any person who could get 50 hearers might share in the grant ; and such was the weak ness of human nature that almost any fool could get a congregation. The village of Houghton had been recently visited by some fanatics, calling themselves, he believed, Israelites. He had read one of their tracts and found it a bundle of nonsense, yet they could claim State aid. It had been stated in the papers that there was a movement set on foot at home to effect a junction between the Church and the Wesleyan body, the effect of which would be of course to silence the local preachers ; would the meeting like to see him (the Chairman) silenced after 25 years' humble but earnest exertion in the cause of Methodism ? (No, no.) He called on Dr. Eades to support the resolution, that gentleman came forward, expressing surprise that he should be called on to support a resolution at that meeting, although there was not a man more opposed than himself to State support to religion. (Hear, and applause.) He felt certain that if State support was withdrawn from all religions, Methodism would go ahead; but opposed as he was to State aid, he was still surprised at being called on to support the reso lution, inasmuch as the Chairman had appeared to him to be acting as no Chairman should have done. It was the movers and seconders of the resolutions that should have spoken, and not the Chairman. (Hear, hear.) He hoped the meeting would bear with him while he protested against what was neither more nor less than direct personal attacks on their respected ministers. (Applause.) They were bound by Scripture, as well as by their own feelings and affections, to respect the clergymen placed above them, and he confessed he felt a difficulty in supporting a resolution at a meeting where he heard such men as Mr. Draper and Mr. Hull (who, although not named, were referred to) charged with being desirous of allying their beloved Methodism to Popery. (Applause.) I deny it, (said the Doctor, with an energy that elicited a loud burst of applause from the meeting.) He continued — The Chairman had said they were all poor weak creatures, and indeed in that case he truly described himself, for it was a poor piece of weakness to apply such language to the respected gentleman who had the charge of the society here. (Applause.) Methodism had extraordinary machinery, both lay and clerical, for carrying out the work of man's con- version. They had men of every capacity, and they had a system which directed every intellect into the course in which it could be most profitably exerted. (Applause.) The man gifted with eloquence could, as a preacher, warn the worldly and win the erring. The individual blessed with the more solid but less showy grace of fervent piety, could persuade by prayer, counsel, and example ; the san guine would find ample employment for their most active aspirations, while the diffident were comforted with, the assurance that the battle was not always to the strong, nor the race to the swift. (Applause.) Their ministers, their local preachers, their class -leaders, and Sunday-school teachers,, were the active agents in spreading a religion calculated to bless the world ; and God forbid that its bright ness should be dimmed or its usefulness diminished by the stain of State support. (Applause.) He trusted the gen- tlemen of the press would record the reason why he ob jected to be called on to support the resolution. It was not that he had any favour for the grant, but because the Chairman had forgotten that those over us should bespoken of with reverence (Great applause!) The Chairman felt certain that all who were opposed to the grant would be highly delighted with the noble avowal of Dr. Eades. He would, however, remark, that he would not yield to that gentleman nor any member in the proper respect; which all should entertain and manifest towards their ministers. Here the Chairman was interrupted by a volley of hisses from Mr. Colton, Mr. Bottomley, Mr. Gurr, and others. When the Chairman sat down, Mr. Colton stood up and addressed him as follows :— I am obliged to regard you as Chairman. I rise not with the intention, as you have falsely imputed to me, of interrupting the meeting. I deny, I hate, the imputation—and (turning to the meeting) the Chairman was very partial in so accusing me. (' Yes, yes,' and ' No, no.') I do not not rise now to propose any amendment, or take any active part in the meeting, but simply, as I did at first, to ask if the persons present are members and office-bearers? The Chairman — To the best of my knowledge they are members. (No.no.) There was a person appointed to keep the door ana inspect the tickets of persons seeking admis sion, so that none but regular members of the Society should be admitted. . Mr. Gurr— -There are many here who are not members. The Chairman — That was only a preliminary meeting, and he hoped the succeeding meetings would be attended by the whole Wesleyan family, tho members, and those who some years ago left in consequence of tho acceptance of State aid. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Edgecombe, who acted as doorkeeper, stated that ho required every person whom he did not know to produce his ticket, and all such tickets had the letter Z upon them. Tho persons whom he did not rcquire to produce those tickets were to his knowledge local preachers on the plan, or class-leaders. A person said Mr. Battersby (of Houghton) was not a member. Mr. Edgecombe — He must have been in the room before I took charge of the door. A person proposed that all who were not members should stand up. About six persons, including three reporters, stood up. Mr. Colton said it was not intended to object to the gen tlemen of the press. Mr. Whewell contradicted some remarks made by Mr. Middleton with reference to the terms on which State aid was granted to the Wesleyan Normal School at Westminster. He denied that there was, as asserted by the Chairman, a movement to unite, the Wesleyan body to the Church in England. He also declared he had read the Wesleyan Times and escaped the thumbscrew. (A laugh.) Mr. Middleton repeated he had in his file of papers the proof of what he advanced. A cross fire of contradiction and explanations followed, in which allusions were made to the form of trial at a ' Leaders' meeting,' and Mr. Edgecombe's trial, but the sense of the meeting was against reference to such matters, as non-members were present. Tho meeting was brought back to the regular business by The Chairman putting, the resolution to the meeting. It was carried by a large majoritv. Here Mr. Colton and a considerable number of members left the room.] Mr. G. W. Cole proposed the second resolution. In doing so, he regretted having to stand in the position of one who felt bound to dissent from the statements made by the tra velling preachers of their own connexion. Ho would, how ever, come forward boldly and state his convictions on the subject before the meeting. (Applause.) Tho Government grant had been taken for three or four years by the Wes lcyan Society, but it was distinctly understood at the time it was agreed to that it was only for country places it should be accepted. All who felt interested in the pros perity of Zion, in the extension of Christ's Kingdom, must be anxious to have places erected for the worship of Jehovah ; but how were those houses to be built ? By compulsion ? — by means in opposition to the wishes of those who contribute to the revenue ? Christianity was, at the period of its greatest purity, sup ported by voluntary contributions; and as a proof of the doubtful character of the State aid principle, he would men ? tion that, to secure the success of the motion for its accep tance at the Quarterly Meeting, a member was conveyed 24 miles from a sick bed to vote for it. He (Mr. Cole) might be mistaken ; but be understood Mr. Macdougall was that membor. Then some of the ministers signed a protest against the grant, and afterwards accepted it. There was no consistency in such conduct; and when the Rev. J. Symons stepped out of his way to call on the electors to support the grant, it was time for the humblest member of the body, who felt anxious for its prosperity, to speak his mind on the important matter before the meeting. He had heard several members declare that they would leave the Society if State aid were not relinquished ; but he had, in , all such cases, advised them to remain, and endevour to effect a reformation of the evil complained of. He did not mean to impute wilful misstatements to the preachers, but they were misled by the fact of having majorities at meetings ; but that was a deceptive test as to the feelings of the members, for many would remain away and some would not vote. (Hear, hear.) He had asked at least fifty members, since the last quarterly meeting, their opinion as to the grant, and with one exception, they were all opposed to it. (Hear, hear.) He was of opinion that two voluntarily supported ministers would effect as much good as six State supported clergymen. Looking at the increase of population, the contributions have fallen off since State support was ac cepted, and the efficiency of tho clergymen had not in creased. A poor widow, a member, had, it was ascertained on enquiry, been only visited twice in two years. Had the rate of contributions progressed with the increase of popu lation, the amount of last year would have been £1,200, instead of £740. The speaker went on to prove that the weekly pence and quarterly shillings paid by the members was a voluntary, and not a compulsory, payment. The rules of the society were published in 1743, and John Wesley consented to receive the payments in 1782. He proposed the second resolution : — ' That this Meeting deeply regrets that the minds of so many of our Brethren have been pained, and other Members withdrawn from our Society, in consequence of the reception of the Grant ; they deem it desirable, for the peace and pros perity of Zion, that decisive steps should be taken to throw off our connexion with State support, that the spread of Christianity, especially by our own body, may be accom plished on the principles laid down in the New Testament' Mr. Orchard rose to reply to the last speaker, and, in an ingenious speech, repeated every assertion he proposed to contradict, and urged with considerable success the argu ments he dissented from. Mr. O'Brien seconded the resolution, which, on being put to the meeting, was carried. The Chairman said they had at Houghton a chapel capable of seating 130 persons, where they had three ser vices on Sundays, and it was often so thronged of evenings that people had to stand outside. They had also a well attended Sunday-school, the whole supported on the volun tary principle, which proved that where there was a will there was a way, and if so small and poor a place as Houghton could maintain a place of worship, why could not others ' go and do likewise ?' A young man named Henry Johnson said he was deputed to inform the meeting, should there be one, that uncertainty as to whether the advertisement was not a hoax prevented the attendance of a number of members who were decidedly opposed to the State grant. (Hear, hear.) A member proposed a vote of censure on Mr. Colton for putting an advertisement in the papers offering a reward of five pounds for information as to the name of the convener of that meeting. Mr. Mahon (of St. Mary's) said a seconder, would not be wanting for that resolution if it were withdrawn and brought forward at an earlier hour next meeting. He would also remark that it ought to have been mooted while the person it referred to was in the room. . (Cheers.) The Chairman recommended the withdrawal of the reso lution ; and in the absence of Mr. C. Collins, who undertook to be present, Mr. Middleton proposed the following resolution— - ' That this Meeting earnestly request that the Circuit Stewards call a Meeting of the Members and Lay Office bearers immediately, that an opportunity may be given them of expressing themselves on the subject of the Grant, and adopting a Memorial to the Quarterly Meeting in reference thereto; and that the Chairman and Mr. G. W. Cole (Se cretary pro tem.) be authorized to organize a Committee to aid in carrying out these resolutions.' Mr. Williams seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously, and after a vote of thanks was given by acclamation, the meeting broke up. . Attempted Robbery on the Park Lands.— On Thursday evening : last a young man, named William Tuckey, was .coming from North Adelaide for medical assistance for his wife, and when near the Frome Bridge he was accosted by two men, who after a few trivial re marks, demanded his money. Tucker had very few pence in his pockets, but felt no disposition to be plundered of them, and refused to comply with the lawless demand. A scuffle ensued, in which one of the the thieves was knocked down by Tackey, and the other succeeded in bringing him to the ground. He soon got up, however, and cried out for assistance to a horseman, whom he saw at somo distance, upon which both his assailants mad« off, having taken nothing by their motion but a few hearty coffa. 