MORE 'WICKED. WltLANlES' IN ROME. We are again indebted to the august ' Times', that most incorrupt guardian of British intelligence, aud British conscience, for an exposure of atrocities/ which we do suppose are unparalleled in the history of the world. And the equally consistent and high principled Sydney Mornini, Herald, as it was in love and duty bound, rl Q a h/\i*ha 4-n «o %*y ^l-»sin*& JmhI* kh_.i.1. ? uao uuiuo iu ua ju meae uarji eouineru regions the light of its astounding and most virtuous indignation. Pietro Ercoli, we are told, a man, a Christian, an Italian, and all this in the nineteenth century when by rail-roads and electric telegraphs, we can almost make a living thing of the solid earth j when by the secrets of electiO'biology, we can almost manufacture men themselves, at any rate, men quite as good as the Pope and his Cardinals— even here and now, Pietio, Ercoli has been condemned for twenty years to the gallies, because he persuaded an acquaintance not to smoke ! ! ! Whether it was not to smoke a cigar, or not to smoke a pipe, we cannot tell ; nor, in the hypothesis that it was a pipe, are we prepared to decide whether it was, not to smoke 'short cut,' or not to smoke 'kanaater.' But it matters not, the thing was done, and the fact is the fact. Shade; of the immortal Brutusi if thou could'st re visit earth, how would thy mighty soul sympathise with the joint stock sensibilities — - - — w ^?wv.v .«. wy*w, *Ai*\jg tvAuu buio vlwUr* ? masterless, conscienceless Herald of our own ! We are very sad to think of it. And, as one ghost tale often brings forth another, we will even indulge the vein, and contribute from the stores of our own knowledge other mournful proofs of the depth of human atrocity and tyranny. In 'merrie England'1 then, no long time ago, we know and can prove the fact, a man was transported for life to Botany Bay, only because he declined to put out a lucifer match that happened to be burning! And in ' leal Scotland,' no very long time agOj we know also and can prove this fact, a man was imprisoned for many years in one of those horrid gaols such as a virtuous Howard revealed to a horrified public, only because there happened to be a basin of water under a glass of punch which he hap pened to be drinking ! ! And in ' green Erin,' no long time ago, we know also and can prove this facfc, a poor mauwas toru iromi uis wile ana family, and transported across the seas for the term of his natural life, only for drawing a bit of old.knotted rope behind him ! !'! . These are enough and more than enough, we cannot if we would give worthy expres sion to our harrowed feelings. For form's sake only, and to complete our story, we; shall add one or two utterly unimportant facts. The match which the Englishman declined, to put out, happened to have been lighted by himself at night, and to windward of a long range of corn stacks. Arid thft,. Scotchman, in the reign of a George, was drinking a toast, 'The King over the water,' meaning the Pretender. And the Irishman happened to have a stolen horse at the other end of his bit of knotted rope. And Pietro Ercoli was ail agent of the rebel Ma^ini; who . having beep once, un wisely as many think, pardoned by the cle mency of his native prince, is still enabled to spread sedition and bloodshed through his country. The declining to smoke was the conventional token of his conspiracy. It will be seen however clearly, that these circumstances do not make the slightest dif ference in the respective cases j and we sim ply add them, because, as we are utterly unable to emulate the Times and the Herald in patriotism and intelligence, all that we can do is, to tell the whole truth. 