MORE EXTRAORDINARY CATHOLIC CONVERSIONS. No. 3. IN this remote corner of Christendom, what painful reflections are excited ! Protestant religionist snow know not what to believe—they mistrust one another— they fly off from all authority—in their fond adhesion to the rights of private judgment, or rather to the agreeable self-complacency of every man thinking and doing just what is right in his own eyes, all unity is thereby -of necessity shipwrecked. If every man is a Iaw to himself—where or how can there be any common bond, any recognized principle of truth, line upon line mid pt-eccpt upon precept, by which the members of a holy brotherhood, can be immoveably grounded on the basis of Christian love ? If men sow in division—can they possibly reap in unity ? The whole stream of the past history of churches, incontestibly proves that every outburst,'from legitimate rule and order, is iuvarinbly followed by numberless crowds of schisms and heresies, equally as subversive of divine truth as they are fearfully provocative to the enkindling of the vain pride and other of the worst passions of misguided men. St. Augustine, one of the mightiest of the spirits of olden times, justly exclaims, in reference to the restless innovations of all sectaries— " See, into how many morsels those nre divided, who have diiided themselves from the unity of the Church !" The penetrating judgment of another celebrated Christian writer, truly exposes the cause of this fruitful source "of divisions—" It is natural for error to be ever changing. The disciples have the same right iu this matter that their masters had." (TerluUicu de Prescrip ) What a fcarlul exenipliticatoin, does the history of the pretended Reformation furnish, in corroboration of the above principles! Luther boasted, as follows, of the fundamental tenet of his reformed Christianity—" This article (i.e. justification by faith only) shall remain, in spite of all ihe world—it is I Martin Luther, evangelist, who say it—let no one, therefore, attempt to infringe it, neither the Emperor of the Romans, nor the Turks, nor the Tarters; neither the Pope, nor the monks, nor tlie nuns, nor the kings, nor the princes, nor all the devils in hell. If they attempt it, may the infernal flames be their recompense! What I say here is to be taken for an inspiration of the Holy Ghost."—(Visit Saxon.) Notwithstanding these awful denunciations, so strjmgely redolent of humility, the renowned MaIancthon, with the majority of the Lutherans, totally exploded this socenin article of their venerated master, and went over to the directly opposite extreme; not only admitting' the necessity of good works, but also insisting that these are ever prior to God's grace! But did the contradiction of opinions end here ? Far from it. On this single subject, Osiander, a Lutheran, says, "There are twenty several opinions, all drawn from the scripture, and held by different members of the Augsburg, ol Lutheran Cunfession." — (Archdeacon Blackburn's Confessional, p. 16, 7.) And what of the Eucharist ? Why, of the words " This is my Body," no less than two hundred different interpretations appeared before the end of the sixteenth century! Any more contradictory diversities? We reply, that it is but needful to say that Osiander, as quoted by Jeremy Taylor, the renowned Protestant Bishop, asserts that during the Reformed wrangling!, there nere no less thau "twenty several opinions, concerning S tisfaction, all drawn front the Scriptures by the men only of the Augustan Confession—sixteen several opinions concerning Original Sin—and as many distinctions of the Sacraments as there were sects of men that disagreed about them !" In short, diversities of doctrine, in the Protestant Establishment, have lately received, in the case of Baptism, the grave sanction—not of bishops or of councils— hnt of secular law tribunals ! This accommodating expediency of loose indifference, had, long before, received n state encouragement, in the r stnucc of the oilier sacrament of the Lord's Supper, as it is called: for in the reign of Elizabeth, who was herself supposed to favour the doctrine of Transubstantiation, a a paragraph of the 2Sth Article, declaring expressly against a Ileal Presence was, by her desire, suppressed. " She inclined," says Burnett, "to have the manner of Christ's presence in the Sacrament left in some general words, that those who believed the Corporal Presence might not be driven away from the Church by too nice an explanation of it." Such, is the Reformed procedure by open questions for attaining to that unity of faith, urged, as all-essential, by the Holy Ghost—and so fervently prayed for to characterise all his followers, by the Redeemer of mankind ! Now what can reconcile all these othewise irreconcilable contradictions of human wit and human fancies, but the legitimate authority and competent instruction of a divine machinery—to' which alone is promised, in spite ot the most fiery outbreaks of hell, the guidance of the infallible spirit of unity, truth, and love. Were it otherwise, the pastures of the Catholic fold would be daily scathed and cursed, as are those of "Protestanism, by the judicial infliction of doubt, con-' tradition,and apostasy from the common faith of Christ. The candid inquirer must see, that from such pestiferous marshes of schism and heresy, the rankest weeds of the deadliest unbelief are fast choking, to extermination, the few seeds of truth, borrowed by Protestants from the Catho- lic Church,'. . . ' The ablest Protestant writers themselves .stand aghast at the army of unblushing infidelity emerging from their own ranks. The well- known Mr. Green bears his "truthful, but awful testimony, in spending of Dryden's poem of " The Hind and the Panther," he says—" Dryden's Hind demonstrates—what I have often thought but tremble to express—that the first step of separation from the Church of Rome, was the first to Infidelity" Extracts from the Diary of a Lover of Literature," by Green.) Infidelity'', says the Protestant Bishop Watson, in his apology for the Bible, " is a rank weed ; it threatens to overspread the land ; its root is principally found among the great and opulent." In the same manner another Protestant Bishop, Prettyman, complains, in one of his charges—" that the characteristics of the present times are confessedly incredulity, and on unprecedented indifference to the religion of Christ !" Another eminent divine,of the Protes- (aut Establishment, Bishop Bnrrington, bears the same testimony. That prelate said, in 1797—" Even in this country there is an almost universal hikewjrumness, respecting the essentials of religion." Can it then he denied, with any colour of reason, that Protestant Christendom completely justifies the assertion of one of the most illustrious men that ever graced humanity, or religion, we mean, the saintly Fenelon, when he said—- " EITHER CATHOLIC OR DEIST—THERE IS NO OTHER ALTERNATIVE." But what other fruits could be expected from the so-called English Reformation? Murder, last, rapine, sacrilege, perjury, and an endless tissue of contradictory inconsistencies marked the infamy of its whole career. We have yet to learn that moral seeds do not, like physical ones, produce a corresponding crop. What says the Protestant Privy Counsel or and enlightened Macauley, of the origin and founders of the English Reformation :—" A king, whose character may be best described by saying tliat he was despotism itself personified ; unprincipled ministers ; a rapacious aristocracy '; a servile parliament. Such wi re the instruments by which England was delivered from the Yoke of Rome ! The work hnd been begun by Henry, the mur-' derer of his wives, was continued by Somerset, the murderer of his brother, and completed by Elizabeth, the murderer of her guest!" The parasitic subservience, shown by all the Reformers, throughout Europe, to the lustful passions of Royal Patrons, will be found to have been marked by the same comparative degree of baseness; for while, on the one hand, the licentious bigamy of the Lindgrave of Hesse, received the sanction, under their own sig natures, of Luther, Bucer, and Melanc- thon : on the other, the murderous marriages of Henry VIII, were not only connived at, but concerted, by those still more obsequious tools of Royal Reformation, Cranmer and Cromwell! To the same slavish self-degradation, is lo be attributed that tortuous Jauiliiy iu recoutiug, and rivalling all the shifting of the-weathercock, which some of the most celebrated English Reformers, by frequent practice, acquired. The plausible Crnnnier subscribed no less than six recantations | while Latimer even exceeded, by two or three, that number. Nor can we forget the lauded Jewel, frightened from his protestantism, by approaching disasters,but anon wheeling around again to its abjured tenitsas the ensnaring patronage of Elizibeth, held out the tempting prospect of Bishoprics ! Another word for Cranmer. Whom do Protestant pulpits so frequently extol as this unapproachable paragon of'nil excellence and consistency ? Yet hear again Mr. Macauley—" Intolerance is always bad ; but the snnguinary intolerance of Cranmer, who thus wavered in his creed, creates a loathing, to which it is difficult to give vent without calling foul nnmcs. Equally false to political ami religious obligations, he was first the loo! ol Somerset, and then of Northumberland. When the former wished to put his own brother lo death, without even the form of a trial, he found a ready instrument in Cranmer!" . How fearfully does this truckling subserviency to secular powers—this unstable incertitude of doctrinal inst ruction, evidence itself throughout that Establishment, of which Cranmer was the founder! We witness a daily development of the workings of this unhallowed spirit. It has not departed—it has survived, with all its shuffling sycophancy, to the present hour. Even in our contracted colonial community, Protestantism is showing forth a panorama of fitful inconsistencies. The few Protestant Bishops, located iu these parts, nre protesting against one another —bands of clergy are confederated against i tlur bands of their brethren—the laity are arrayed against their teachers nnd against one another—men doubt whether reeuurse must be had, in the Articles of Faith, to the State, or to the Church, or lo the Clergy, or to the Bible, or to the Prayer-book ! How then must truth be outraged must souls be offended at such a perverted use of sound reason and private judgment! How truthfully are verified the words of a great poet:— " As long as words a different t^ne will bear, And each may be his own interpreter, Our ariy faith will no foundation find ; The word's a weathercock for every wind."' DRYDEN'S Hind and Panther. : Thus, there are men here amongst us, who are ready to undertake to prove, that the Reformation itself wants re forming ! So Luther's disciples proceeding on his own principle, that of private judgment, denounced his doctrines as perfectly erroneous. Carlostad, Zuinglius, Æcolompadius, Muncer, and a hundred more of Luther's followers, wrote and preached against him, and Against each othter, with the keenest virulence ; still, of course, each of them professing to ground his doctrine on tho written word of God alone! In rain did Luther claim a superiority over them; in vain did he denounce the flames of Hell against them ; and in vain did he threaten to return back to the Catholic religion. So Luther, in the spirit of indignation, says to his disciples:—"I can defend you against the Pope—but when the devil shall urge against you (the heads of these changes) at your death this passage of scripture—they ran, and I did not send them, how shall you withstand him ! He will plunge you headlong into Hell,"—(Oper. torn. vii. folio 274.) And again Luther warns his followers —" If you continne in these measures of your common deliberation;, I will recant whatever 1 have written or said, and leave you. Mind what I say."—(Oper. torn. vii. folio 27C, edit. Jf'ittemh.) How unlike is all this sickening turmoil and mangling of divine truth, to that sacred principle, emblazoned, in characters of undying lustre, on the banner of the Catholic Church, enunciated in the language of an ancient Father of Christendom: — " The ancient and Catholic Church alone is one in essence, in opinion, in origin, unit in cxcollancc—one in faith."—St. Clement of Alexandria. But what might he justly inscribed on the ever varying flag of Protestantism ? The following short sentence, penned by a nobleman, on a remarkable occasion, will amply uttfold the distinctive featutcs of that negative code of Christianity :•— " The greatcst unity the Protestants have, is not in believing, bit in not believing ; in knowing rather what they are aya 'tystthan what they are for; not so much in knowing what they would have, as in knotting what tlioy would not have, liutlctthcsa negative I!c%iotis take hood fiey meet not with a negative salvation."—Marquis of Worcerter's Paper, in his Conference with CHARLES 1ST, at Ragland. But, as we have already stated in our previous pnpers, Protestants themselves are beginning to feel the utter worlhlessness of changing fancies, crude negations, aud interminable opinions in the momentous concerns of Religinr. Many amongst them,now at length feel, that in matters of such vast import, theie ought not to be a total abandonment of all those right rules of action—so indispensibly requisite throughout all the affairs of life. They, are beginning to realize the justice of the remark of the illustrious Fenelon:—"it is better to live without any law, than to have laws which all men are left to interpret according to their several opinions and interests."—Life of Archbishop Fenelon, by Ramsay. Nor arc they now insensible to tlie observations of Dr. Porteus, the i.istinguishcd Protestant Bishop of London, that—"In matters of property indeed, some decision, right OT wrong, must be male: society cjuld uot subsist without it."—(Brief Confut. p. 18.) Are peace, unity, and authority, then less indispensible in the one sheep fold, of the one Shepherd—the Church of Christ—that they arc in the varied - ; onditions of civil society 1 From a deep sense of sncli indispensible requisites, so many attempts arc \ now being made, in so many Protestant* Churches, to introduce some faint imitations of Catholic worship. But let such imitations be however numerous—the carcase, the gilded carcase may he there —the spirit of vitality is for ever fled. We have seen the altejipt nt Leeds—its signal failure need not be further dwelt upon. Protestants of oil had confined their admiration, theoretically, to the spiritual glories of the Catholic nors'tip—but now lliey practically essay to evoke th;m into existence, to iidorn.zs the rnggedness of their forms—am] to present, as a substitute for authority, the imposing resemblance of the ancient Religion. These theoretic encomiums we had promised—we purpose, however, in our n j xt to discharge the obligation. Tlie writer of these remarks is happily released from the enslaving shackles of former doubts nnd uncertainties—-the inevitable concomitants of Protestanism. Within the hallowed precincts of teaerab'o Catholicitv, we enjoy an unruffled calm, a sncred pence, nn immoveable stability, a holy union, with the pnst, the present, and the ,'umre, in indissoluble bonds of love and unity. I In the rotircdness of our silitnry chamber, we bid thee hail—thou one nnd! only true Church—thou that nrt alone the way of life, and in whose tabernacle alone there is shelter from all this Babel confusion of unhallowed tongues! In the deep shadow of thy most sncred mysteries, let my souMienceforrtt repose, separated alike from the scorning infidel who sc .ffs at tbeir darkness, and yemoved far from the presumptuous believer who, where even angels fear to tread, would pry into its profound recesses: to both would we Etiv, in the language of St. Angus tine—"Do you. reason, while I wonder; do yon dispute, < while I shall believe; and, bejia.ding the heights of divine power, forbear to approach its depths. To you who cn-.no to scrutinize what is inscrutable, and to investigate what c.mnpt be investigated, I say, STOT>, AND BELIEVE, OU \ W PEBIBU!" Yom s' trnK M. ii, nn, oc.isa. 