DENUNCIATION OF THE INFAMOUS VIGILANCE COMMITTEE OF SAN FRANCISCO; COURT INTELLIGENCE. Surittioa COURTS. C. Smith presiding. SATURDAY, 23RD AUGUST, 1851. Metcalf J. Argent! and Atkinson. The Court assembled at eight o'clock to hear the closing argument of ft A. Lockwood, Esq. After going through with the case he closed as follows : But the distinguished counsel from South Carolina has said that we owe every thing to the patriotic men of the Vigilance Committee, and that we ought not to obstruct their action, and he has spoken of the great obligations he is under to them, &c.; Let us, gentlemen, enquire into that thorny subject. It is said that our Committee is composed of " nice men men of wealth and respectability-" our best and most influential chiefs," and that no honest man can suffer wrong or injury from their clean and im- maculate hands. More than eighteen hundred years ago Christ lived at Jerusalem. He had "gone about doing good for thirty-three years-so the good Book tells us. But the " nice men" of Jerusalem, I lie Pharisees who thanked God they were not sinners like other men-the priests, who like our holy expounders of religion) " made the law of no effect by their tra- ditions the money-changers, whose tables Christ overthrew iii the temple, which they by their extortions had 'a made a den of thieves" not coarse, hard fisted, vulgar, petty thieves but sleek, pampered, and "respectable" thieves, decked with golden ornaments, (ina linen, and costly raiment, who " fared sumptuously every day," and (like our money dealers and specula- tors) " waxed fat on the spoils acquired by fleecing and outwitting their fellow. men. Those best and most influential citizens of Jerusalem 'liked not the man Christ, and they sought how they might destroy him.'" They accordingly assembled in their com- mittee-room," (whether they were summoned by the tappets bell does not appear), and '* they sought for (false proof against Jesus, that they might put him in death ; but they found none, though many false witnesses presented themselves." The "judgement Judge I'm sons-not a "miserable, ignorant, imbecile, California judge, but a Roman Governor, while Home was the mightiest empire the world ever beheld man of vast ability, worthy of being the enemy of the Moody but gigantic Herod, the Judge told them, that the law found no fault in Christ ; but those predecessors of our Mormon Saints," (let you know if you have read the Morme^.BibJe, repealed in Joe Smith by the same Lord wTiouteufto'iavour Sum Brun man with such rich " dreams you know that the Mormons claim to be the successors of the first tribes)," they cried out, " crucify him 1 crucify him I Gittus Barabbas, rather than Christ, to reign over us!" The San Francisco saints exclaim, " Give us Sam Brannan to reign over us" and for aught I know Braunack may be a corruption of Barabbas, and Sam may be lineally descended from the great Jewish pet. When those worthy prototypes-and, to a great extent, progenitors of our bloodthirsty committee-haled to death the Son of man, doubtless a feeling of awe fell upon the spectators, as deep and solemn as that so graphically pourtrayed by our venal and corrupt press, when, with base, -pandering servility, with fulsome, screening adulation, they landed the tragic murders of the wretched Jenkins and Stewart. God grant that the women of San Francisco may not soon have cause to weep and wail for themselves and their children, rather than for the slaughtered victims of the unfettered -bloodhounds who are now lawlessly dealing death and late among us ! God grant that the day may not soon -Mannerheim They shall say, " Blessed are the bombs which never conceived, and the breasts which never gave such, whether we shall all have cause to say to the mountains, fall upon us and to the hills, hide us" from the Vigilance Committee. God grant that some future Tacitus or Josephus, when writing our history, may not have occasion to record horrors as dreadful as those brought upon the devoted inhabitants of Jerusalem by her bloody-minded " best and most influential citizens" Ant I indulging in morbid fancies, or grazing of dust and imaginary fears of evils not incident to the present date of mankind 1 Transport your minds from the doomed city of Jerusalem to Paris and the late French Republic. Pass over on interval of eighteen' hundred years, and come down to the days of Hanlon, Marat, Couthon, Robespierre, and the Vigilance" Committee of the capital of France then the centre of European civilisation, learning, and philosophy. There, too, in the beginning, " feelings of awe fend solemnity fell upon the spectators" as they beheld the beauty and chivalry of France brate am and beautiful women led to death at the flat of sa lawitta, and irresponsible committee. But, like the tiger that has once lasted human blood, the excited and unrestrained solitude suddenly acquired a keen and fierce appetite for carriage and havoc which could tea-pot satisfied, but fatigued-only by daily libations of " blood 1 blood 11 blood all-age, the blood of his brave, of the beautiful, and of the gifted, build fair France became one vast human slaughter Major, and men were fain to seek shelter. beneath the new despotism of a military chieftain, (Great sensa- tion.) ? Mew. and brethren, awake from your false security. Heed not those hireling and corrupt editors who per- suade you to surrender to the patriotic and disinterested Vigilance Committee the custody of your character, your properly, your liberty, and your lives. Heed not the crocodile lamentations and hyena howling over petty crimes of those vampires who at mid- night drain the stream of life in your midst, and at mid-day repeat their horrid orgies with triumphant demonstrations. Murder - murder tenfold more damnable Utan felonious individual homicide-slulk* your streets, not shrouding its hideous aspect in murky dark news, not screening its blood-stained hand in secret lurking places-hut with brazen front, in the open glare of day, defying and trampling upon your constitution and laws, and laughing to worn the solemn Mandalea of your highest courts of judicature. ' Grant, if you please, that crime abounds in our midst. Grant that thieves, robbers, incendiaries, and bocaicidM infest our community. Grant even that these malefactors have gone " unwhipt of justice," and that the law has failed to protect us from their depredations, What then? ''Must crimes be punished but by greater criminals?" Sores, blotches, and received very disagreeable and very annoying to the natural body of man; but so long as the general health remains untainted, he easily endures them, and performs his destined part in the theatre of life : but when the heart is diseased, when once the source of life, and health, and vigour is tainted the man speedily dies, and becomes a IbailiBome and disgusting course. So, too, malefactors or criminals are unseemly and troublesome excrescences upon the body of the social community ; but they do not essentially obstruct the general welfare so long as the vital organs of society are not paralysed or destroyed : but when the mob secrecy usurp and guide, the reins of government When Tarlee combinations of individuals seize upon and wield the sovereign power-when self-constituted Vigilance Committees array themselves against the lawful authorities Voluntarily ordained by the whole people, then the heart and life-seat of society becomes corrupted and his death and after decomposition of the political body must speedily follow. If it be true (and who dare dispute it?) that the only foundation of human right to punish offenders is (not revenge-not the gratification of a ferocious appetite for blood and death), but the securing the general safely and peace of society, then are the Vigilance Committee tenfold more worthy of death than were the wretched Jenkins and Stewart, even conceding those miserable victims to have been as guilty as reported and why? Because they have done a hundredfold more to injure society at large to paralyse its functions, to destroy its objects, and to render it an intolerable curse, than all the individual malefactors that have infested our land since the shores of California were first trodden by the foot of an American. And yet we are unblushingly told that they must be excused, justified, and even ap- plauded that we must pay homage to them as public benefactors, because, it is said, they intend well, and did evil only that good might come." Did not the bigoted Catholics intend well, when, in the reign of Charles the Eighth (if I remember right), at the tolling of a church bell they caused the French Protestants, without distinction of age or sex. to be indiscriminately butchered ? Did not the Directors of the Spanish Inquisition intend well, when, in their zeal for the true faith, they immolated heretics at the stake? Did not the Mahomedans intend well, when, fulfilling the command of their Prophet, they *' sought closures pass to Turkish heaven," by slaughtering hosts of Christian dogs who refused to worship the Arabian Impostor ? Why, gentlemen, it was long ago" said, that even " Hell itself is paved with good intentions! and never was there a maxim importing a more instructive, though melancholy truth. Yes, gentlemen, a venal and worldly-minded missionary, exchanging (as it is said) the heathen and thriftless field in which he was sent forth to labour for the glittering mines of California, choosing to serve Mammon rather than God, and preferring the patronage of " our best and most influential citizens," to live wages of righteous- ness, he may defile the holy tabernacle of religion, and, like the Devil to whom he has sold himself, quote Ser for use in support of iniquity ; he, by his cunning and faithless interpretations (as did the Jewish priests by their traditions), may make the law of God and man of no effect when they come in conflict with the wicked purposes of his " respectable" patrons -a corrupt and hireling press, dependent for bread and pelf upon those same " best and most influential citizens ;" may prove Jacobinical and disorganising absurdities about "the higher law,'' and publish fulsome and disgusting panegyrics in behalf of a lawless association of men, confessedly guilty of murder of the blackest dye. Nay, more-those guilty men themselves, blinded by their own fury, and elated by the flattery of their hireling sycophants and servile slanderers, may now fuel and believe that they can justify the dread In crimes they have committed ; but the hour is rapidly approaching when they must render an account of those awful deeds to conscience and to God and when no false ministers or corrupt editors will he able to hide the naked and frightful deformity of their iniquity. Then, when death-demil which, though " the haughty brave, the weak must bear the wretch must crave," in, nevertheless, the great and paramount object of human terror when gloom) and inexorable death, armed with all his terrors, shall grown over their prostrate bodies - in that dreadful hour, " when conscience must embrace the thought that comprehends who without name, or hope, or end, when the mind, given by remorse, shall water-line the scorpion gift by the, darkness above, despair beneath, around it flame, within it death:'' when even " penitence bath lost her power to wring une terror from the grave, ''then fill the pallid ghosts of their murdered victims "sit heavy on their sitting souls,'' and, as did the phantoms of Bosworth field to the bloody Richard, with gnashing teeth and haggard lip," bid them despair and dressed them " to their sudden grave go, and with ghouls and Afrits rave, Fill these in horror shrink away, from spectres more accursed than they. And shall those blood-stained men be allowed to assert and maintain, in behalf of their associates, as exemption from legal liability for gross and wanton outrages upon the most sacred rights of our citizens? Shall the members of that band of felons and traitors against the laws of God and their country be permitted to claim a license and indulgence to wrong individuals with impunity, upon the sham and insolent plea that they are organised and acting for the public good ? " The public good I" Great God, gentlemen, how long will our corrupt editors abuse and insult us with their shameless and absurd falsehoods as to " the great good accomplished by the stern and inflexible, the noble-minded und iievci-enuugli-to-be- rewarded Vigilance Committee?" What have those mushroom noblemen - those sweet-scented, starch-collared, counter-jumping aristocracy, who, in one short night, by the foul purchase of a goodly quantity of dirty ink and printing materials, became suddenly metamorphosed from cheating haberdashers and close fitted and soul less money dealers into "an august body of patriotic noblemen in the name of sense, what good have they accomplished for the community, that they thus, with haughty und supercilious air, challenge for themselves the highest niche in the pantheon of our plebeian affections ? Why, forsooth, they have kidnapped some half dozen poor devils, suspected of roguish propensities 1 But whence came the gloom, the despondency, the moral nightmare that now express our late buoyant and elusive land? Ah! gentlemen, our phoenix-like city could emerge with increased energy and vigour from the ashes of repeated conflagrations. Commercial failures and pecuniary einbariiissmi'iits had no visible effect in retailing our onward progress. " The nations saw and wondered" at our rapid and brilliant career. From every land and clime men were turning their thoughts and wending their steps towards California. The "star of empire ' shone with dazzling splendour over our land, during to our shores the brave and the gifted, The chivalry and the enterprise of the world. " Good men and true" were seeking homes in our midst for themselves and for their children. They were willing to encounter fatigue, privation, and danger ; they were not dismayed by rapidly succeeding disasters and the supposed prevalence of individual outrage and crime ; but now, panic-sir re ken by the impending and threatening tempest that darkly loners in our social atmosphere, they are thronging, in crowds, every depart- ing steamer, hurriedly '' shaking from their feet The dirt" of our disorganised city, and seeking in other lands a home, where no lawyer and bloody minded Vigilance Committee will dare molest us make them afraid. Away, then, with the canting hypocrisy, the absurd and insulting falsehoods as to live great public good accomplished by the Committee." I tell you, gem linen, and I tell you truly, that all the fires that have so often wrapped our city in flames, and laid in ashes her edifices, and all the fires that may or can occur for the next five years, should they even become j tenfold more frequent and destructive than they have been, have not done, nor can they do, one-tenth part as much to obstruct and blight our public welfare" and prosperity as has already been effected by our mischievous and accursed Vigilance Committee. But let me ask, what do our immaculate references purpose to accomplish ? To extirpate the evil propensities of mankind, and entirely to rid our community of evil-doers ? Who ever saw, read, or heard tell of any community in any age or land line was not in fested with malefactors? It is folly and madness to suppose the possibility of such a state., of society, so long as our world shall continue to be the theatre in which "man of the mixed essence therewith be was created makes it conflict between good and evil." "'The first man born into the world murdered the second and from that age to live present, murder and other curries have abounded in every land and clime and in despite of the best possible laws, and the most efficient administration of them, will continue to abound until time shall be no more. But, gentlemen, are our Committee actuated only by the pure purposes and laudable objects attributed to them, by their busy plunderers? The servile editor-, who council the public press into a public nuisance; the canting, hypocritical pulpit jugglers, who outrage common decency by incisor minute and shameless libels upon the law and its ministers, and insult God and man by prostituting'' their sacred functions to maintain a wicked and treasonable combination of insolent usurpers. They howl over the inefficiency of the law. They cry out that our judges are incompetent and faithless; and therefore they base seized into their hands the reins of Government, and the custody of the public welfare. Do you believe that these false croakers really desire an efficient administration of justice? "Justice?" God Almighty have mercy on their souls when Justice shall resume her awful sway ; Justice is just what they are afraid of I" A lawyer, a gentleman, a scholar, and a man that would ornament any society, and add lustre to any bench, presides over our Court of Sessions. But a few days since, in the discharge of his sworn duty as a magistrate, he called the attention of the Grand Jury to the foul murder of Stewart. He declared to them the undoubted law, as it is expounded by H mc ton, Dalton, Coke, Finch, Hale, Hawkins, , Blackstone, and the other "graveside sad men'' who constitute the landmarks of our criminal jurisprudence: " Wantonly to kill the greatest of malefactors, a felon or traitor, attainted or outlawed, deliberately, uncompleted, and- extrajudicially, is murder. And further/if judgment of death be given by a judge not authorised by lawful commission, and execution it done accordingly, the judge is guilty of murder. Also, such judgment, when legal, must be executed by the proper officer, or his appoinled^ieputy for no one else is required by law to do in, which requisition it is that justifies the homicide. If another person does it of his own head, it is held to be murder, even though it be the judge himself." [HE. Com. 178 9. Here, then, we see at least one judge faithfully and ably discharging the high and solemn function with which he has been entrusted for the public good, Forthwith, the whole yelping pack, from the huge mastiff to the "cur of low degree," from the sleek and pampered spaniel to the sulky and malevolent hound, deaden our ears with vociferous and discordant bowling, because we have a judge who dares assert truism which no man disputes," and attempts to enforce the acknowledged law, even when it proves distasteful to our best and most influential citizens." Every species of abuse, ridicule, and indecent scurrility has been buried against that able and conscientious judge by the truckling Giiildcn&lcrns; who bow before our Juggernaut Committee That huge, and portentous monster which has now become a *' massive wheel - fixed on the summit of the highest mount-to whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things are noticed and adjourned. No, gem leaves, those purse, proud upstairs desire only the utter prostration of " awful rule and right supremacy," and the substitution of themselves as our at bites of right and wrong. And what security have you that they will prove more competent or faithful than the judges they so rapidly denounce? Are they not mere men, composed of the same flesh and blood, and subject to the like frailties and infirmities as are the judges and officers upon whom the whole people have willingly devolved the administration of justice? Is it not gravely and stupidly absurd to suppose that a self- constituted association of individuals, without experience in their usurped functions, blinded by excitement, acknowledg- ing no law but their own will, and unrestrained by any feeling of individual responsibility for the secret determinations of all invisible and intangible body-is it not absurd to suppose that such an association of individuals can be more safely trusted with the awful attributes of sovereignty than the men selected by the entire community for their supposed fitness and qualifications, acting openly, in view of the whole public, individually and separately responsible, each for his own nets, and impelled to do right and restrained from doing wrong, as well by the obligation of their official oaths, as by the consciousness that their professional and private reputation and prospects in life depend upon the faithful and efficient discharge of their public duty ? " What judgment would step from this to this ?" But, gentlemen, note the qualifications of a Com- mitteeman, as variously, shamelessly promulgated by one of their brawling partisans, the Stockton Journal. After saying that he " he had placed them high before-even as high as the platform of 'Justice,' " he tells us that when he witnessed the murder of Stewart it warmed his heart with admiration of those stern and inflexible men who proved themselves so capable of cold-blooded outrage and massacre and forthwith the Committee lose still higher even in his estimation," far above the platform of Justice," Bill hear him as to the qualifications of a Committee-man-" No person is admitted to the association until he has under- gone the strictest scrutiny us to reputation ; and then" though of good reputation "if not deemed firm and efficient, he is rejected. If found weak in his support of the Committee"-though fine and efficient-" or loose of soulless he shrinks from murder and treason, she is expected." But malle, gentlemen, the horrid brutality of sentiment and feeling engendered by these bloody- minded associations, us manifested by the same editor in describing the ruthless massacre, by one of the numerous Vigilance Committees formed throughout the State upon the model of ours of a Spanish female on the next day after the Stewart tragedy, for the alleged offence of killing a ruffian while in the act of grossly insulting her. " She was immediately arrested, tried, sentenced, and hung at four o'clock in the afternoon of the same day. She did not exhibit the least fear, walking up a small ladder to the scaffold, and placing the rope round her neck with her own hands, first gracefully removing two plaits of raven black hair from her shoulders to make room for the fatal cord. Some five or six hundred witnessed the execution." Thus, with sarcastic levity and fiendish exultation, a public editor gloats over the details of the most shock- j ing barbarity to be found in the annals of any civilised ' . country.- such brutality, is eiuijigbio making 'j seeing this, and having human feelings, blush "unstrung his head to think himself a man." ;.. ' Such, gentlemen, is the monstrous association to whose custody we are sought to be bullied into, surrendering our lives and all that renders life valuable. Surrendering, did I say? We are already captured. The landmarks of right and property and freedom are trodden down. The Committee have declared themselves sovereign. "Who will now dure shout for the Supremacy of the lan ?" insolently brawls out one of their pernicious creatures! "Judges may frown, and men of the law may growl, but the will of the Committee shall be supreme," exclaims another bailiff hireling. Your Supreme Court has been mocked, (corned, and defied; and even the sacred writ of Habeas Corpus has fallen powerless beneath the worse than despotic sway of this dreadful sovereign ? " What a fall was there my countrymen," when the venerable bulwark of human liberty fell, trampled beneath the ruthless feet of these Vandal reformers Then I and you, and all of us fell down, whilst bloody treason flourished over us I" If our puritanical Committee really desire to promote the public good by ridding the Community of evil-doers, and punishing those rogues whom the law does not or cannot reach, why do they not begin with those large handed robber s "-who our grave masters Ireland pill by-law " Why do they not repress those greatly usurers, those rapacious leeches who dr.iiii(a»d exhaust our substance, until, in a country with respect capital vastly greater than the richest State in the Union, we have the poorest community and people on the face of God's earth? The poet Boiler informalities that Hudibras a notable member, of Ci on wellVVfgi lance Committee had such a superabundance of logical resources-was so profoundly skilled in analytic that he could demonstrate how "rooks might be Committee-men." But even that distinguished logician would be unable, by analysis, to explain how and why it is that the identical gentlemen who last year, during the Sacramento riots, were fierce sticklers for law and order,',' who then with bustling bayonets and trenchant blades, for flashing in their red right hands," rushed to the aid of the '' best and most influential citizens " of Sacramento, eager to shed blood in asserting the supremacy of a doubtful and disputed law which secured to them the monopoly of all the public lands to the exclusion of the small squatters, how and why it is Hutt those men are now the most prominent members of our Vigilance Committee, urine to the teeth and ready to do battle for the subver- sion of the acknowledged law 1 This singular fact, however, may afford an explanation of the reason why our committee direct their whole prowess to the extermination of the petty rogues, without any attempt to molest the great ones. Should it also be possible that they are becoming doubtful of their own construct kin of the law for which they fought and bled last summer, time might furnish another motive for their present unxietyHo subvert the law and the Courts, and thus prevents the disagreeable consequences) that might result from the existence of a competent legal authority to oust them from their plundered acquisitions. Beware the, gem leaves, lest you experience the fate of those Israelites of old, who complained of their judges, that " lucy took bribes and perverted justice, and therefore they besought their Samuel to give them a king to reign over them." beware, lest our Samuel also displace our judges, and substitute kings, worse than Saul, who shall take the best of your fields, and your vineyards, and your olives, and give them to their servants ;" the false sycophants who shall aid them in subverting your liberties. Beware how you permit the sovereigns of this Vigilance Committee to invade und trample upon the rights of even poor Metcalf, upon the pretext that it is required by the public good or the public danger." ' Such is ever the tyrant's plea. Remember the Athenian who exhibited to the people self-inflicted wounds upon his person, pretending he had been assaulted and maltreated by ruffians, and persuaded them to allow him a body-guard for his protection, with which (though numbering only three hundred, much less than our Vigilance Committee) The subverted, the liberty of fair Athens, reduced his countrymen to servitude, and secured to himself the sovereign sway, under the pretext of ridding the city of disorderly persons. Gentlemen, did you ever read Shakespeare's King Henry Sixth? I have thought I could distinguish much similarity between Jack Cade and his adherent, und Sum. Brannan and our reformers. Portions of the dialogue forcibly illustrate the character, temper, and objects of our committee. Our editors need only change names with those partisans of Cade who complained that their magistrates were no good workmen, and they might then appropriately quote Shakespeare, and say to their readers, -"We tell you Sam. Brannan means to dress the commonwealth, and lum it, and set a new log upon it." 'I'd those who have a morbid appetite for blood, they might say, " Only let the Vigilance Committee supersede the Courts-then shall soon be struck down like an island iniquity's throat cut like a calf, and the Committee shall have the skins of our enemies." - Only fancy our great Mormon "dreamer" personat- ing Jack Cade, and exclaiming, "I will apparel all our best and most influential citizens in the livery of the Vigilance Committee, that they may agree like brothers, and worship me, their lord." Then just suppose the following dialogue from Shakespeare to take place between this saintly reformer and our worthy editors, and you will at once conclude that the great bald could also "dream" some, and foresaw what is now transpiring in San Francisco. Editors "The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers." Sum Brannan-" Nay, that I mean to do." Editors-" We have a suit unto your saint-ship; only that the laws of California may come out of your mouth." Same have thought upon it; it shall be so. Away, down with the courts, burn all the records; my mouth shall be the parliament of San Francisco."' And thereupon the curtain falls, and 'Hire shouts sent up from fierce thousands in joyous are almost shake the firm earth stands public dinner at the Committee Room, and a complimentary flag, are voted to '. Ned the butcher." But now, gemUmeii, 1 must bring my argument to a close. I have done my duty in my client, so far as I am able; and it now rests with you to determine whether I have done so in vain. I feel and tremble at the fearful odds arrayed against me. In earlier days, while hope was high and will wits strung, to her holding up the shield of the law between the oppressor and oppressed, I have felt that I could proudly brave and scorn popular prejudice, and the outside influence of wealth and power. But now that " my days are in the yellow leaf," and ?' The melancholy telescope of truth is bringing life near in utter nakedness, making the cold reality too real," now that the leaden band of age begins to rest heavy Upon me, and sad experience has shown that the dictates of prudence are safer than the promptings of enthusiasm, I feel almost like covering before the rage of popular clamour, and the insolence of combined wealth. But when I consider that I am not merely pleading the cause of Peter Metcalf-au inoffensive and wronged mau-butth.it I am also advocating the cause of you and me, and those who shall come after us in this world known landlord I am standing up in defence of human right and lawful freedom, against the Insolent assaults of usurping wealth and its hired minions 1 cannot rest, I will not believe that you will suffer these proud seedlings to trample with, impunity upon my injured client. And why should Metcalf be denied redress in our courts ? Because he is an Englishman, and emigrated hither from Sydney ? Why, you and I are also emi- graves, and as much foreigners to this fund as is the plaintiff. Have you forgotten that the brave Montgomery, the chivalrous Lafayette, the heroic De Kalb, Kosciusko, it is many, very many other choice spirits who aided in achieving our independence more emigrants and foreigners to our soil? Have you forgotten that, during the dark hour of our revolution, America had no friends more true and devoted than Burro, Fox, Burke, Chatham, and Hurt host of other patriotic and noble minded Englishmen, whose trumpet- voices in our behalf so often reverberated in tones of thunder within the walls of Parliament ? But, gentlemen, I am not making a Fourth of July oration. I will dismiss this topic with reminding you that most of our own revered ancestors were also English emigrants: And who need blush to own for his birth-place, glorious old England the land of Bacon, Hardwicke, and Erskine-the home of Milton, Shakspeare, Byron-the nation of Marlborough, Nelson, and Wellington I Peter Melculf, a plain, honest, unpretending English yeoman, emigrated to California. He brought with i him his wife and children ; declared his intention of becoming a citizen of the United States, pursuant to our naturalisation laws, and selected San Francisco for the permanent home of himself and his family. For nine years, he, his wife, his daughter, but his son have laboured among us, and by unremitting toil and industry have acquired a home and a competency-not only doing no wrong, but constituting a portion of our most useful and truly respectable citizens ; while their honest and hard-earned acquisitions remain with us, and form a part of the only actual wealth of our community. [ Argentina potent and ominous name-Argent!, a foreigner, but not an Englishman-not a plain, hard fisted working-man or producer, but a sharp-witted Jewish money-dealer-he also emigrated to California, and has succeeded in fleecing our people of piles of gold-not to remain or be circulated here, and thus promote our good or add to the general wealth, but to be consigned, by every departing steamer, to foreign lands. He brought with him no wife nor child. He did, he wet or, take to himself a wanton harlot; who, vain of her gaudy finery, and proud of the protection of her wealthy paramour, looked down with insolent scorn upon humble, and unpretending virtue. At the capricious mandate of that shameless whore, Argent), " That best and most influential citizen," and the other defendant, summoning to their aid some fifty of the stern and inflexible Committee," armed with revolvers, placed themselves under the petticoat banner of this foul bag, and in defiance of law, decency, and humanity, in the dead hour of night, follow her filthy steps into the peaceful dwelling of honesty, virtue, and chastity, and with shameless brutality force from their beds u chaste wife and virtuous daughter and wantonly commit outrages so gross and insulting as scarcely to be credible. Gentlemen, cruin down the false throats of our lying editor their slanderous brigs, "that no jury will dare "award one hundred dollars damages for this 'Meillon and unparalleled outrage. Bleed these purse-proud loadings to the last cent, of the twenty thousand dollars claimed by this complaint, and you will perform an act not only of limited justice between these parties, but one of which yourselves, and the community and the whole civilised world, will long and justly be proud. I am done. At the conclusion of the argument, the jury withdrew in the custody of the sheriff, and remained out till nine o'clock on Saturday evening, when they came into court, and reported, through their foreman, Theodore Payne, Esq., that they could not agree to a verdict; whereupon they were discharged by the court. 