.AMERICA. . i WE liavo received Californian journals to tho ll th of, September,, which contain nows [toni tiió!'Átlantídi'S.¿atós to tho G th of August. Tho intelligence of tho first Lynching outbreak in San Francisco had reached tho older States of tho Union. We extract tho opinion^ of inauy'of. the lead- ing , journals [lpn i tho Jenkins tragedy, which appear to have hoon formed iii most' cases on/' tho ' credulously received statements . put forth" by'! the abandoned press of San Francisco. (From the Boston Journal.) i . " To us, residing in tho most purfoot scourity under ilia operation of good laws, faith fully nd tnlnistoredi stich proceedings scorn violent1 and porhnps unjustifiable. ¡ V\Ve . cannot bring our* selves to bulloyo that Lyugh law la naacssary .' .'<'.'? >, '. i.. :. . ' ?: under tiny circumstances, in a community where thé people ll vu under ti code cf laws of their own framing-, administered hy ollicers who aro re. tponsible to public opinion for their acts. But we uro free to say that if ever tho occasion justi. fled tho application of Lynch luw, thu recent afluir iîtSSiin Francisco is justifiable. Such is thc condition of society in California, tlmt there is no security for lifo or property1 in tho rogulur operation of tho laws. Veuality lind bribery have crept into tho administration of justice, and s! aleen ull confidence in the'majesty'of* th; laws. Undor those circumstances, who. will unhesita- tingly assort, that,a scene . so. .terrible as that enacted in' Portsmouth Square will not exert u salutaryinti uenoo V- ?>'?"? ' . Í ; - v,*i: 'r; {From tho Bostón OlivoBrandi.) " " Taking into consideration that 40 or 50 per- sons were burned to death, and 7,000,000 dollars of property wero lost by tho late incendiary: lire, -that attempt's have boon made a dozen times .'sinco to uro tho' city,--that citizens uro attacked 'with slung -'shots in their very stores, in tho luce of day, &a;, it is not surprising that:, respectable citizens and property holders should' do some- thing to protect themselves from: theso gangs of organised robbers aud banditti." ? . .. , ;.: ? {From the Troy Post.): , r <¡ "Tito nows from California by thoBrother Jona- thon preseuts a frightful picture of the ; state ol' society . in that'-' golden . state. ? Judge Lynoh, nt tho last accounts, exercised: supreme sway in all departments of-tho Government, and when we look at tho rampant and reckless attitude of tho perpetrators of arson, robbery, and .other crimes, we aro almost forced to acknowledge that thé sway of the judge; is1 needed to1 make' head against the surging-iloo:l of villany that threatens almost to annex tho-new State'to the infernal regions." ? ..'<'? ,v,*,0-M .''.'fi. \ i {From,the RicJimond Enquirer.), .|i.rJ-, . " Tho most prominent event in tho California' papnrs is tho. execution of a robber, by'a Co'.nniittee of Vigilance-which has caused very groat .ex- citement, ns tho .verdict.of the coroner's jury .which sat upon ;tbe bo ly jvas considered tu'retlact invidiously upon -the conduct of this .Committee. From the mass of detailsand comments iii refer- ence to this occurrence, we give tile following ac- count, mid the remarks;of,tho Alta, California' 'oh the subject." , J; ". i - . ,.: . (From the New York Sm.) . THE LvKciiiHO, CASIS ^IN._ SAN Fiusct'sco.-Wo deeply regret the occurrence of a _ elise : of 1 Lynoh .law iii tho city of San Francisco. 'At this,distance from tho scene, we eau form W proper idea of tho feelings excited on tho part ol' the citizens of Sun- Francisco by the high hand with;which the depraved and dissolute outraged lift) and pro- perty. While we cannot approve the fearful net, we would not say that it was donó without strong provoking causes: We had thought that 'the re- cent elections would secure to San Francisco a moro prompt mid efficient administration of the laws, but it would seem that there has been but slight, if unv, chango for tho bettor.. (From, the Albany Argus) "Tim CAI.IFOKMYNÍÍWS.-There must bo extra- ordinary laxityiin the administration of criminal justice in San'Francisco, and a still more extra- ordinary degrco of dopruvityamong itspopulation, to requivo the voluntary organisation of such bodies as tho Vigilance Committee, with such summary and terrible powers as were exercised in the case of Jenkins. Both must have existed in n degree never before known in a civilised community, to excuse such means to correct "abuses, or'to punish crirn'.*."' ?' . ; (From thc New York Commercial Advertiser.) . " If there is, as cannot bo doubted, necessity in San:Franeisco for Organisation for self-protection on tho part of citizens, let it not be done in de- nni! co of established law, but under its sanction. Let respectable citizens protect themselves and their property by existing law, or by amending the'laws if thoy need amendment. ' Any other mode of protection must result in anarchy aud ruin." ' ?,'?',. 'tho Advertiser continues its speculations in the following strain :- '- ????.', > i : .. : " Truly this is nn alarming and . lamentable state of tilings in Sun Francisco.' -' It is quito pos- sible that even' now rival committees are in con- flict, ' and that 'anarchy, bloodshed, 1 and murder aro in tho ascendant;---''We note, how- ever, ono redeeming feature, one foundation fora 1 better statu of things, amid tho prevailing dis- order, and this wo find in tho fearless course of tho coroner's jury. -Tho Vigilance Committee is composed of mon who have intelligence enough to perceive tho - bearing- of that verdict, to know that tim voluntary avowal of all thc members of participation in tho killing ol' Jenkins. caiiuot exonerate from tho effect of that verdict those "who aro specifically named therein.1' (From thc New York Sunday Times.) " The; execution, of Jenkins wits of course a murder in tho eye of tho law, and the- punish- ment was moreover dlsproportioncd to,the crime ¡ and yet, taking all i tho circumstances into con- sideration, wo can scarcely call tho deed unjusti- fiable Where tho law is powerless to protect a community, it ? must protect itsolf ; » but wo should bo sorry to bo ono of a, community so situated." ,.-.<: . (From thc Fortland Transcript.) . " This is the first execution which ever took piuco in Sun 'Francisco, whero moro crime has been committed ' in tho past year, than in. any other city of tho samo population in tho Union, without ono single instauce of adéquate punish- ment." ', Wo copy tho following sensiblo; romarks'from tho Albany Knickerbocker. It' is ono of tho most intelligent articles on tho subject that wo,'hayo ever yet seen :- ';'.,'. . ; ' . "' ' " TnoDi)i.B3 - AT " SAN FRANCISCO.-Tho news from California, though startling, is not unex- pected. Tho laxity, with which justice is admi- nistered cm the Pacific, has given vice almost a license' for its depredations. Where prisons aro. scarce and villains plenty, tho law, to bo bene- ficial, should bo ...prompt^ . and ' 'deoisive. Tho slow' form ¿nd ;' special 'plead-; ing whick ; may bo' tolerated'1'4 hv this and other older States, uro not adapted to tho wants and safety of such a people ns make np the inhabitants of California. < Tliitt rascals'should ho hung by tho populace is to ho regretted-ii it still moro so to bc regretted, however, that , the inaction of the courts liiid police rendor such hanging necessary. Whether Jenkins was. legally put to death, is not of so much moment a's whether ho was justly put to dontli;. ' For over a year San., Francisco hhs boen over- run by bands ol'desperadoes (rem Sydney and other English penal colonies-villains who havo so reduced tho prico of lifo, ¡md property, that heads and houses in California are ot but little -more val no than pebbles..- Since, 18-19, Sun Fran- cisco luis been burnt over soino four or five times, mid each timo by.incendiaries. '.. Sinco 1849, over, fivo hundred robberies und twenty murders'luivo first miíu ever lirougut to. tlio'gallows iii'Sau Francisco is the outlaw Jenkin»; who wiis' executed In tho 10th of June. If thu notion of tho people BO to bo regretted, ¡t is only because they did not move earlier. Hud Withers,1 tmniols, .Windrod, and Watkins been promptly tried and/executed, whoo they perpetrated their villanies, tho'n'cccu slty for lynching Jenkins would' nevbr have arisen. .' : :;'' ,! ?'''?'.> . To delny justico, is almost as bud as to deny it. With such a population as wo.Und at San Fran- cisco,' the tardy and corrupt movements %con noetod with " tho good old way" of meting but punishment for crime, is no moro calculated to bring about a reformation, than would tho rend- ing of tho ; forty-second. Psalm.. .Tho notion which tho peoplo havo taken, they woro forced te take. By. no, other menus could they impress upon the rogues which surround them, tho whole- some knowlodgo that vice is a ghost-lived accom- plishment, and that tho only way to meet with publie toleration, is to give up public plundering. Theposition occupied by tho Coinmittoo ofSufety, is not only a nocoBiary, but a bold ono. As they have placed themselves in opposition to tho courts, their action will probably lead to a collision. ' ,- Wo shall await tho next arrival with somo anxiety. In. reference, to these comments, the Alta California observes Tho last mail from tho Atlantic brought us tho nows of tho reception which tho vigilance pro- ceedings received in tho .liastoria States. ' We have, within a day or two, presented I sovoral-ex- tracts from some of tho leading journals, wherein an opinion decidedly favourable to .¡tho i courso pursued by cur .cltiious lins nppoarod, and below will kc fourni» further expression of the general opinion of. (lio American press, which we lia re tuken some pains tn oollect frum tue roast ie epoctablo newspapers in our possession, As often and as extended us we make tho research among our newspaper files, for an opinion on tho'subject of Jenkins' trial and execution, und the organiza, tion of a Vigilance Committee in Han Praucisco we are sure to bu mot with tho most unequivocal . tokens of encouragement and approbation, and de- ploring, as every lover of law und order must, tho unexampled necessity which has forced this notion upon the people of California, tho viowsand sen- timents entertaiuod by our contemporaries iii tho Eastern States, aro moat favourable to tho cause of vigilance and mutual protection. ,: The following matters of interest 'wc 'copy'/from tho Alta' California bi, Sep ;tómbw-8ítí":;rr.:,'. -'..J ¡ *.'; ' i ... --. MK REVOLUTION IN, CUBA.; ,¡ ,; ? ;. .From a telegraphic, despatch, rocoived nt,,Now Orleans, dated at. Nmv \ork,; August 5th, it is rstated. that no instructions haye been given by \tlie Government to prevents the organization and_ departure of expeditions to assist tho Pntriotsjof Cuba.-.- It seems - positivo, hokeyer, that , the Go .vernment bf tho United, States .has ordered, the immediate concentration of .a naval- force in the Gulf of: Mexico, as on the . 2nd of August, at 5 o'clock A.M., the .U." S. sloop-of-war Albany and steamer. "Vixen, sailed from. Pensacola, and the sloop-of-war Plymouth ut Now York received orders ion j the morning of the 1st of August to .proeedi'hvall haste to the Island of Cuba, but in consequence of very heavy weather she .was pre voiiteufromjmmediately obeying:tho order: the nature of the instructions given to tho com- manders of these vessels was of . course unknown. .Whatever1 they may be,'.-, however, tho firstMus nssistaiice from tho United States in aid of, th o Patriots has left its shores Î - , i On SundnjyAugust 3rd, the steamer Pampero departed from Now Orleans,, with five hundred men, arms, and munitions of war, under the com- mand of General - Narcisso Lopez in . person, /Among his volunteers it ' is said that tlioro is a lnrgo number of Hungarian refugees, recently ar- rived in the ? United States. In descending-the Mississippi - river,' tho Pampero touched at Fort .Jackson,-und there received on board six pieces of artillery, recently condemned and sold by - thu U. S tiuverinnent. During tho first days of tho preceding week, several other vessels "left N. Orleans foi-Cubn. lt was said- that several other vussols, which hud left other ports of the United States, via New -York, Charleston and Savannah, would unite at a iixed point on tho .coast of Floridn, . where they would ombnrk about two .thousand.men, and pro- ceed to-two dilferent points, on the island of Cuba, and land them on tho sumo day, and at tho sumo hour. Another version represents- that tho Pumpero would proceed directly . to Neuvltas, where General Lopez would land his men and munitions of war, after which she would go in search of tho vessels of the expedition. Tho Spanish Consul nt New Orleans has, nt a very heavy expense, chartered tho steamer Oin-1 cinnati to convey despatches tai'"tho Captain General tif Cuba, apprising him of tho departure of General Lopez. -Tho Pampero is a small steam- ; ship, but of great speed, she having boen first' built for tho U. S. Government ¡ at tho same time, thu Cincinnati is equally fast. Tho succoss of the expedition of General Lopez depends almost to a certainty upon the relative speed of these two steamers. It is evident that the next arrival* will bring us intelligence of stirring importance : THE TEUUAXTEFEO DIFFIOOXTIES. We leam from tho N. O. Evonlng Picayune, of Aug. 6th, by télégraphie despatch from Washing- ton, that tho Government nave decided to send Mr. Letcu'er immediately to Moxico, with full instructions relative to the Tohuantopco difficul- ties. 1 These instructions nre said 'to be very favourable to tho views of the company. The steam frigate Saran ac was ordered to bc in readi- ness to transport Governor Lotcher to Vera Cruz. Tho above is the only nows of importance re- specting the Tehuantepco question found in the' American journals. Tho National lntelligtncer has reviewed its opi- nions relativo to thc- subject, and -now takes ground in opposition to tho - article, published, and ta'.teu from thu New York Courier and En- quirer. ' . ' " ' HEVOMITION IN EQUADOK ! By tho Panama Herald of August'ldth, we aro advised of a military outbreak und insurrection in tho Republic of uquador, and the expulsion of, General Diego Novoa; President. '" On tho 17th ultimo PrcsidcntNovoa left Quito, the c.ipitul, for tho purpose of visiting his family nt Guayaquil. On his approaching tho city, ho was mot by a cavalcade of soldiers, and newly ; created officer?,- who, under tho direction of Ge- neral Urbinn und preteueo of forming an escort for the President and suit?, surrounded him, and seized and made him their prisoner. ' A small vessel, called a man-of-war, belonging to the Go- vernment, was then lying in tho Guayaquil river, «eur its month. President Novoa was hurried1 down to this vessel, placed on board, and tho vessel was ordered ott'. She sailed under " sealed orders,1' so that no one knows her desti- nation;' ,; General Urbina immediately assumed tho ud miuistration of the government, and is now at tho head of tho Republic. Great dissatisfaction exists among thefriouds of President Novoa and his family, at tho manner in which ho bas been disposed of, though no fo.irs are entertained as to Iiis entire ; safety. President Novoa is about fifty-fivo ' years of ago, and has a1 largo family at Guayaquil, who aro distinguished- for their hospitality towards foreigners, especially Ame- ricans. ' . ;; Soino extracts will bo found in another column, as well as tho latest San Fran- cisco markets ; and somo interesting particulars relating to... tho valuo of gÓld.., V: ; : - 