AUSTRALIAN MINT. To the Editor of the Empire, Sm-Tho delusions ol' Messrs. wontwortn, Durvit.ll, and Martin huvo provnilcd with tho re- presentatives ul' tho penplo, and (hey huvo peti- tioned for lite establishment nf a Mint. That is to say, tho requirements of tho colony in thc way of gold coin boin g about £60,000- per annum moro than ive at proscnt possess, wo uro now to convert all our gold into coin, amounting possibly lo (ive to ten militons pur annum, i'lio oft'oct of which proceeding will bc to prevent thc exporta- tion of gold until tho exchange for bills on Eng- land rises to 3 per cent, premium. For tho bene- fit of all producers, a safety valvo is td bo estab- lished by law ; n dreg is to. bo attached to tho exchange wheel, and tho exportation of tho gold virtually prohibited by Act of Council until by periodical accumulations of coined money, tho drag is no longer required, mid tho treasure is let looso for shipment to Kurland,all which is tobe accomplished nt a cost of about £¿0,000 per an- num for a mint, not taking into ncnotuit tho enor- mous loss mid innonvciiicii'.c, which thc colony must sustain by such periodical nacumululions mid evacuations. Dy this clumsy contrivance tho cxchaiigo is to bo artificially maintained above ¡ts natural rato for tho benefit of tho pro- ducers, and nt tho expense of tho rest ol' tho com- munity, for it surely needs no ghost (of Itieimlo) to convinco those accomplished financiers that this holstering up of tho oxohnngo must propor tionably unlianco tho ju ice of imported commodi- ties, (a truth, however, which does not soom clear to Air. Dnrvall's apprehension, who evidently thinks that tho present rate ol' oxchnngo is a certain gain, to tho gold speculator which he may put into his pocket at once, and then start on n fresh enterprise!) If producers must bo pro- tected during tho Inst bull'of tho 19th century, I would suggest ti iiiuoh more simple, economical, and, probably, a moro satisfactory modo to them- selves of attaining thoir object. Let thom bo paid out ol' thu Public Treasury 5 per cont, on on tho estimated value of their exports upon production of u Ciisfoin-houso certificate of ship- ment mid value. This would bo n straightfor- ward sensiblo proceeding compared with tho nb surd thimblcriggiiig now to bo proponed to tho Queen, whereby tho expenso of thu mint could bo saved,, tho derangement of commerce avoided, mid England would bo saved tho visitiitiou of a líchigo of millions of Australind sovereigns, ex- ceeding the wants oveu of hor gigantic oom merco. lt is truo that in England gold may bo con- verted into coin or Hank of England notes nt . tho plcasuro of thc holder, and undoubtedly to the extent to which gold coin is required for our legitimate wants mich a concession here would ho just and bcuoliuial, beyond that it would bo simply absurd. And if it were puss! bio to sun poso such a state ol' things in langland ns would occusiou a demand on tho mint of tho actual COIKACU: ol' a thousand timos moro sovereigns than woro required for tho com m ere'J of the country, who can doubt that the regulation would immediately cease. Amongst other recondite truths brought to light hy tho luminous expositions of our oiirroncy lawyers it would nppoar that a low rato ol' ox- ohnngo is highly favourable to merchants mid, gold speculators who, of course, thoroforu, oppose themselves to this measure, and presumo to "dietuto on such questions as if tiioy were " pcoulurly quill ¡Mod so to do." Hut those of our merchants whohupputi to huvo largo funds in England watting tiiinsmission hithurinny possibly find it dillicult'to real iso practically this pleasing theory of tho Lawyers, who lio doubt are peculiarly qualified to tnko tho lead in questions so foreign to their habits ol' enquiry mid cogita- tion. AV tutor ultra crepitlam does not seem to bo a maxim appreciated by them, but her Majesty the Queen, by tho adv loo of her Ministers, wH| ¡rrobuhly estimuto thoir qualifications ut their nroncr value. I nm, Sir, Yours, most obuilioiikly, _._SCO'l'lIS. 