A:DAY OF LOUIS XIV DURING the reign of Louis XIV, which embraced the long period of seventy-two years,' from 1643 to 1715, France was changed from a feudal monarchy into an absolute one. Under the previous reign, Richelieu had successfully commenccd the policy of weakening the feudal nobility, and thus paved the way for the absolute govern- ment of Lous XIV., under whom this work was completed. The nobility were drawn from their chateaux to court, employed about the person of the monarch, and ren- dered dependent on his favour. They soon lost their former spirit of independence, and becoming corrupted by pensions and court favours, sank into a state of effeminacy from which they never rose. Their vices, follies, and weaknesses hastened the Revolution, and at the same time disabled them from taking any useful part in that great move- ment, under which they were ruthlessly crushed. The following account of a day at the court of Louis XIV., taken from the me- moir-writers of the periods, presents a humiliating picture of the French nobility of tha time, when the object of their ambition was the favour of the sovereign, to obtain which they eagerly aspired to per form menial services about his person:— " About eight o'clock in the morning, while a servant prepared the fire in the king's apartment, and Louis still slept, the pages of the chamber gently opened the windows, and removed the colation which hand been left in case of the king requiring refreshment in the night. Bontemps, the first valet, who had slept in the same room, and had dressed himself in the ante-cham- ber,; e-entered, and:waited, silent and alone, until the clock struck the hour at which the king had desired to be awakened. He then approached the king's bed, saying, 'Sire, the clook has struck,' and went directly in- to the ante-chamber to announce that his majesty was awake. The folding-doors were then thrown open, and the Dauphin and his children, Monsieur the Duke de Chartres, were in waiting to wish him ' good morn- ing.' The Duke du Maine, the Count de Toulouse, the Duke Ia Rouchefoucauld, grand-master of the wardrobe, entered, fol- lowed by the first valet of the wardrobe and other officers bringing in the king's dresses. The principal physician and surgeon were also admitted. Bontemps, then handing a silver-gilt vessel, poured on the king's hands some spirit of wine; the Duke de Beau- villers presented the holy water, and his majesty made the sign of the cross, while the Dauphin and .the Duke du Maine, ap- proaching the king's bed, asked him how he had slept. After he had recited a very short religious service, M. de St. Quentin laid before him several peruques, and the king pointed out the one he intended to wear. As soon as he rose from his bed, the Duke de Beauvillers handed him a rich morning-gown, and Quentin presented the peruque, which the king put on himself. Bontemps next drew on his majesty's stock- ings, and, on being dressed, the holy water was again offered to him' He now went from the balustrade within which the bed was placed, but which is not shown in the engraving, as the scene is supposed to be within it, and, seating himself in an arm- chair near the fire-place, demanded ' la pre mière entrèe,' which the Duke de Beau- villers repeated in a loud voice, on which a page of the chamber admitted those who, by right of their office or the king's favour, were entitled to be present at the ' petit lever'. The Marshal Duke de Villeroy, the Count de Grammont, the Marquis de Dan- geau, M. de Berringhen, the four secretaries, Colin and Baurepas, readers of the chamber, Vergins, the Count de Crécy, secretary of the cabinet, and the Baron de Brenteuil, with several keepers of the wardrobe not on ser- vice, and the keepers of the gold and silver plate, were introduced, His majesty then underwent the operation of shaving, the basin being held by Charles de Guisgne, Quentin adjusting the shaving cloth, and applying the soap-brush and razor, and af- terwards a soft sponge dipped in spirit of wine, and subsequently in pure water. The king wiped his face with a dry napkin, Bon- temps holding a looking-glass during the whole of these operations. When these were finished, Callebat, Marquis de Ia Salle, and Letellier, Marquis de Louvre, master of the wardrobe, prepared to attend the king while he dressed, previous to which he de- manded the 'grande entrées,' the admission to which was regarded as one of the highest court favours. On each individual present- ing himself in the ante-room, the Sieur de Rassé, one of the ushers of the chamber, approached the Duke de Beauvillers, and announced his name in a low tone, the duke repeating it to the king, when: if his ma- jesty did not make any objection, the intro- duction took place. Nobles of the highest rank, marshals, bishops, governors of pro- vinces, and presidents of the parliament, now entered in succession. At length a gentle knock is heard at the door, and Beau- villers is ready to receive from the groom of the chamber the name of the new comer, and to announce it to the king; but the door was opened without ceremony, although it was neither a great churchman nor sol- dier; it was Racine: and soon afterwards Boileau, Molière, and Mansard, the archi- tect, are introduced with as little form. " The king, however, is now engaged in dressing, and the courtiers have the gratifi- cation of witnessing this ceremony. The page of the wardrobe hands to Gabriel Bachelier his majesty's stockings and gar- ters, who presents them to the king, and Louis puts on the former himself. Another officer hands his 'haute-de-chausse,' to which silk stockings are attached, and a third puts on the king's shoes. Two pages, splendidly dressed, remove the habiliments which the kin throws off, and his majesty buckles the garters himself. Breakfast is now ready, and Louis commands Racine to seat himself at the table. Two officers of the goblet bring in the breakfast service. The chief butler presents to the Duke de Beauvillers a silver-gilt cup, in which the Duke pours out wine and water from two decanters, borne by another officer, tastes the bever- age, and after the cup has been rinsed, he presents it to the king, who drinks it. The Dauphin then gives his hat and gloves to the first gentleman of the chamber, takes a napkin, handed to him by another officer, and presents it to the king, who wipes his lips. "After beakfast is finished, Louis takes off his morning-gown, and the Marquis de la Salle assists the king in taking off his night-vest by the left hand, while Bontemps is similarly employed on the right. The latter receives from the king his purse, and hands it to Francois de Belloc, who places it in a cabinet, and remains in charge of it. Bachelier brings a shirt which he has aired, and presents it to the Duke de Beauvillers, and the Dauphin, again laying aside his hat and gloves, hands it to the king. Two offi- cers extend before the king 'his 'robe de chambre,' and Bachelier receives the gar- ment which the king has taken off. The Marquis de la Salle assists the king to pull on his long stockings, and the Duke de la Rochefoucauld helps him on with his under- waistcoat. Two valets of the wardrobe then presents the king with his waistcoat, sword, and the blue ribbon with the crosses of the Holy Ghost and St. Louis. The Duke de la Rochefoucauld buckles on the sword, and the Marquis de la Salle assists his majesty to put on his coat, and next presents him with a rich lace cravat, which the king ties on himself. The Marquis next empties the pockets of the dress which had been worn by the king on the previous day, and which is held by Bachelier, and receives from the Sieur de Saint-Michael two handkerchiefs, presented to him on a waiter. The king then kneels in the space between the bed and the wall, and repeats a prayer, all the cardinals and bishops approaching and join- ing in a low tone. " His majesty was now ready to receive such of the foreign ambassadors as had oc- casion to wait upon him; and the ambassa- dor of Spain was introduced to him by ap- pointment, previous to which a coverlet was thrown on the bed, and the curtain drawn in front and at the feet. The king took his seat within the balustrade, the Dukes de Beauvillers and de la Rochefoucauld and the Marquis de la Salle standing near him, and the princes of the blood being seated by his side. The ambassador is introduced, and makes three obeisances, upon which the king rises, and taking off his hat, salutes the ambassador, after which, putting on his hat, he resumes his seat. The ambassador, who had by this time commenced his ad- dress, put on his hat, on which the princes did the same. At the conclusion of the interview he retires, bowing three times. A lieutenant-general of one of the provinces is next introduced, for the purpose of taking the oaths of office, during which he kneels and places his hands within those of the king, having previously given his sword, hat, and gloves to an officer of the chamber. When the king was indisposed or took me- dicine, the honour of being present at the 'grand entrée' was one one of the highest aspirations of the courtiers, the mode of reception being less formal. " The 'grand entrée'' was terminated by the king exclaiming in a loud voice, ' To the council!' on which he immediately pro- ceeded to his cabinet, where he found many officers in waiting, to whom he gave orders. To the Bishop of Orleans, first almoner, he said he would go to mass at noon, instead of half-past nine, as he had intended; to the Marquis de Livry, his first maitre-d'hôtel, that he would dine in his private apartment, and that he would sup ' au grand convert,' that is in state; to Boutemps, who handed to him his watch and reliquary, that he would visit the fives' court; to the officer of the wardrobe, that he would go out at two o'clock, and would take his mantle and muff; then, putting on his ordinary peruque, he took his seat at the upper end of a table covered with green velvet, the Dauphin and other illustrious and distinguished persons taking their seats near him, according to their rank. At the conclusion of the council, his majesty re- .paired to the chapel, and, in passing, gave the watchword of the day to the gendarmes, dragoons, and musqueteers. "During mass, the king's musicians per- formed a fine motet, composed by the Abbe Robert. At one o'clock the 4larquis do "Livry, baton in hand, announces that din netr is served, when Louis, attended con ,stantlyby a captain of the guard, repairs to j his apartment, two attendants preceding V him, carrying a table already set out. The. :Sieur du Plessis, who was in waiting, hands .to the Duke de Beauvillers a moistened "napkin, which the Dauphin presents to the .king. Each dish had been tasted before 'hand, and on a sign from the king an esquire ·carver cuts up the viands, *and the gcntl6 man in waiting changes the king's plate. After he had dined, his majesty, throwing on his mantle, and having received his muff from the master of the wardrobe, descends to his carriage, which is waiting for him in the marble court, a crowd of seigneurs rang ing themselves on each side of the staircase. After remaining some time at the fives' court, where the Dukes do Chartres, de Bourgoyno, ?and du MIaine were enjoying •this' favourite game, he returns to the palace. About three o'clock he pays a visit to MIadame de .Maintenon, where, reclining in an arm- chair, near the fire-place, opposite this lady, who is working a piece of tapestry, .he every day passed one or two hours, listen ing occasionally, to Racine, who came here .sometimes to read his compositions. t. Esther' and 'Athalie,' two of Racine's .best productions, were. performed in this apartment, by the young ladies of the school *of St. Cyr, for the king's amusement, who iwas highly pleased with the unexpected en -tertainment. The performance concluded at an early hour, and at ten o'clock Louis took his departure, after remaining some time in conversation with madame, who had already retired to bed. The king drawing :the bed-curtains, then repaired to the apart ment in which he was to sup 'an grand *couvert.' " The different officers had already made 'the preparations for this- ceremony; the table 'had been laid out by a gentleman in waiting, :and the dishes were brought in according to :a ceremonial settled by an ordinance of the year 1681. Being seated at the table, the kingrequested the Dauphin and the princes to take their places at the other end. The Dauphin presenting a napkin to his ma • jesty, supper commenced, six gentlemen re maining standing to wait upon the royal * party. When the king wished to drink, the • chief butler called out in a lond voice,' h •boiro-pour lo roi,' on which two of the prin cipal servants under him, having made an 'obeisance, presented a silver- gilt cup and tWo carafes, and tasted the beverage, when his majesty helped himself, and after an ' other obeisance, the two officers withdrew to 'the sideboard. Performances of music took place during the repast, and a crowd of courtiers aud persons of distinction were present, who remained standing, or occupied Sseats around the apartment. All rose on • the?king getting up from the table, and his majesty proceeded to the grand saloon, whither the courtiers followed him. Heroe l'hae 'remained standing for a few minutes, en g aged in conversation; then, bowing to the ladies, he rejoined his family in another S.apartment. ": " About midnight preparations were made •: for the king's retiring. A1 cold collation was taken into-'the apartment where he slept; the ai'm-chair was drawn to the fire-place, and the chief barber arranged the dressing table. On. entering, the king found the courtiers again assembled. He gave his hat, gloves, and cane to the MIarquis de la Salle, who handed themn to Saint-Michael, and while he unfastens his belt in front, de la Salle detaches it behind, and Saint-Michael places it, with the sword, on the dressing table. His majesty then says a prayer, and tlhe almoner, who holds the wax lights?:.also repeats a prayer for the king, and infor'ms him that mass will. be said next day at nine o'clock. The king, returning to his seat, hands his watch and reliquary to a valet-de ehambre, and the Duke de Beauvillers, hav ing asked his majesty by whom he wished to be lighted, the Duke de Chartres is distinguished by this mark of royal, favour, and takes the wax lights into his hands. The king then takes off the blue ribbon, which de la Salle receives, as well as the cravat and waistcoat, and his majesty sitting down, Bontemps and 1Bachelier. talie off his garters, and two valets each draw off one of the king's shoes and stockings, which Saint MIichael places on an arm-chair. near the bed. Two pages present the king with his slippers, and the Dauphin his 'chemise de nuit,' which had been aired by a valet. of the wardrobe, and his majesty rises to .put on his robe de chambre, at the same time bowing to the courtiers, who take this as the signal for withdrawing. Bontemps takes the candlestick from the Duke de Chartres and gives it to one of the nobles who had solicited the honour of holding it, and the groom of the chamber cries out, 'Allons, messieurs, passez.' The' grand coucher' is finished, and only the princes and others who had been present at the 'petit lever' remain. The king now seats himself on a folding seat, near the balus trade, and Quentin combs and arranges his hair, while twovalets bold a looking-glassand a light. The Duke de la Roehefoucauld pre sents the king with his nightcap and two handkerchiefs, and the Duke de Beauvillers i?ands to the Dauphin a napkin, which the latter is to present to the king. All the attendants are now dismissed, the physician alone remaining, anti, after he withdraws, the bed is aired, and the king isleft to en joy, if he can, the repose which irksome ceremonies must have made needful. Bon temps draws the curtains, secures the dooi:s, and then lays down on a bed prepared for him in the same chamber." Such was a day of Louis XIV. at Versailles ! 