. A GREAT FACT. (From the Weekly Dispatch September 8.) It takes a great deal to ruin a nation — almost as much effort as to make one. A people have a re cuperative enorgy about them which sustains and survives the shocks of a thousand disasters. Wo doubt, indeed, whether any amount of mere external calamity or physical misfortune will destroy a btatc. Like a tree, it may be cut down level to the earth every branch lopped, the stem itself brought to the sward's edge — yet, if the root be left, with its sap and life, green shoots will grow up again. It is only when a rot and canker gets into the roots — when the moral energy, and the vital heroism, the sense of duty, and the love of virtue die off, that all hope of a country, may be given up. Rome was in less danger when Brerinus was thundering at the': door of the Senate, than when the patricians beg ail to study Greek, and decorate tlieir villas. .From1 ' no quarter is greater danger to be apprehended than from that which flatters us out of vigilance, and tries to persuade the thoughtful that there is nothing to be feared. This has been the work of parasites and epicurean speculatists in every age, and to every people in turn. " There is nothing,'' observed Canning, " so fallacious as figures, except, perhaps, it be facts." Economists and statisticians collect their tables, and parade their returns. They call aloud to the country, " My soul take thine ease !'' They have their joke about those, according to whom " England has been to be ruined any time these 200 years." They quiz the " Croakers," as they desig nate those who are niore inclined to trust their eyes, understanding, and observation, than to mere tabu lated statements, and prosperity upon paper. Logic is not always reason. Rule of three political syllo gisms are always at the fingers' ends of Chancellors of Exchequer. Mr. G. R. Porter, the Secretary of the Board of Trade, has been quite the lion of the Edinburgh Session of the British Association, by doing a little in the Prosperity Robinson line. Like Mr. Hudson, he has made the shareholders in the nation " quite comfortable." Ledru Rollin hasn't the ghost of a chance in -his hands. Without any "cooking of the accounts," we are assured we are all happier, richer, more prosperous, moral, and intelligent, than ever we were." Although mono polies, Corn Laws, protective duties, entail, primo geniture, currency bills, and statutes of navigation were devised expressly to make the rich richer, and the poor poorer, it is asserted by the official exponent of the benefits of Free Trade, that pro tection and monopoly had no such result, and that under that atrocious economical dispensation, wealth has become more equally diffused, the poor have become richer, the middle classes have clung to mediocrity of condition, and the rich have not maintained their own. In short, according to Mr.( Porter and his statistics, the British Constitution is a realized Utopia, and we are fast hastening on to a New Atalantis. As one dog set upon by another in the street is presently- worried by all the dogs in town by the mere force of sympathy in persecution so Mr. Porter has given the signal to the lounging caterers of the penny and two penny press, to run down the tribe of Croakers, and fairly throttle them out-right. For one week he has responded to their scratch of the head and internal interrogatory, " What the deuce shall 1 write about now ?" The Household Words are " all about gilding the Eastern hemisphere," and Chambers's Journal con gratulates its readers upon the " best of all possible constitutions." Journalism of the " feelosophcr" politico-economical cast, is getting into its oily state ; and flying tabulated paragraphs arc being dusted over the columns of the daily prints, to show that pauperism dwindles, that taxation is light, and the public expenditure next to nothing. Grumblers are to be put out of Court. Economy to be called candle-enus and cheese-parings. Re trenchment is to be regarded as unnecessary, anil we are directed to remark that as population in creases, the proportion of taxation borne by each must be necessarily diminished. One answer in enough to all this nonsense. We have daily proof that we arc progressively less able to bear taxation. When Baring increased, by 5 and 10 per cent., tl|C fiscal duties and direct taxes, it was discovered that the additional impost yielded no enlargement of revenue whatever, thereby proving that the nation had reached at the sum of' £52,000,000, the maximum ofs its practicable powers of yielding taxes. Mr. Gurney, who should know something of our financial position, decfares that we are not capable of sustaining the burden of another war, and that any very sensible increase in our expendi ture would very seriously imperil the security of the national - creditor. The notorious increase of crime and pauperism, which has, in the last ten or fifteen years, troubled the weather- eye of the statesman, gives but a meagre support to the smug meditations of Chambers; and the rapid diminution of the farmer and landlord class, simultaneously with a startling increase in the number of emigrants not merely or so much of the labouring as of the capitalist ordey, presents a downright and flat con tradiction to the inferences sought to be drawn from the figures of Mr. Porter, and to the self- hugging tenor of the Household Words. The class of dependents, of wage receivers, of servants whose life and bread must cease when masters pay them off, fail, or cannot devise new methods of stimulating speculation, is becoming every day greater, and, however productive, temporarily and commercially, may be the economical policy which conduced to such a distribution and proportion of the elements of society, the vile monopoly of capital and land which a deliberately restrictive legislation were devised to promote, and have suc ceeded in producing, are perilous to the stability of the state, and destructive to all the higher charac teristics of a people. Our rural population are a scandal to civilization, a "bye word and a hissing" in the mouth of Europe; our burdens, like Cain's, are greater than we can. bear, and here are the able editor and cut-and-dried statistic-monger tribe writing up the artificialities of a feudal policy, and whipping the national imagination into an ecstacy, of comfort, suugness, and self- satisfaction. We prefer with Sir James Graham to think that if we cannot reduce expenditure we are in peril ; that we are not above the necessity of cutting 33 per cent, off the list of 150 Admirals ; and that Mr. George Warde Normen's felicitations on the lightness of our taxation, and his sneers at the penuriousness of our establishments, have in them onlv this defect —that although some of them are true and some new, those that are true are not new, and those that are new are not true. It is certain now as it was before Mr. Porter " made things comfortable" to the well-to-do dilettanti philosophers of the .British Association, that we have too many " hives of industry" in the shape of cotton mills, silk fac tories, Birmingham hammermen, colliers, miners, and others dependent upon foreign custom, too many of them the sport of speculation, even for the raw mate rial in which they work. By our legislation the nation al proportions of society have been disturbed ; the numbers who produce clothing having been in creased, and those who produced food reduced. That is an unhealthy, even a dangerous state. We have done our best to expose it. We desire to' have greater reciprocations of home custom and neighbourly exchange. We do not like the bread of millions to hang upon the escape of the cotton plant from a morning's frost, or the health of worms and mulberry trees, and the absence of re bellions and revolutions in Italy. The equilibrium of industrial productiveness should be restored to nature's adjustment. There should be more tillage, more tillers, more sturdy yeomen and independent freeholder. The right arm of the nation is crippled, when the soil and its husbandry are made secondary to spinning shirts and weaving petticoats. There is a mine of wealth in the soil — an El Dorado in, the spade — a pefect California in the house feeding. Spade husbandry is no longer a specula tion. Honest Jack . Sillett preaches upon it from the text of experience. Its entire success is a GreaY Fact of infinite significancy. He is more than a labourer. Ho is an archetype of a universal capability, He is the apostle, the model, the living testimony and positive proof of the infinitely signi ficant truth, that without genius, more than an average intellect, or any quality except such as is consciously within reach of the attainment of the most ordinary endeavour, an Englishman, by his Spade and perseverance, may keep a house over his head, a flitch in the chimney, and a loaf, a lump ?f butter, and a cheese in the cupboard, fpr himself and his family, upon the produce of two acres of land, all laboured entirely by himself. He tells us ttyftthe was bred a grocer wS draper at Saxmundam, in Suffolk. He was afterwards a shopman in London and Birmingham — and set up as a general shop keeper in a country village, losing money for six ' years in the pursuit. He was a draper in London for "some time, and afterwards carried on the busi ness at Kelsale, without any better success. . Such were an education and habits as much opposed, as it is easy to conceive, to agricultural pursuits. No other noviciate than- this had he for the apparently desperate experiment of buying two acres of land at the large price of £125 per acre, equal to £6 5s. of annual rent' and maintaining a town-bred family by the spade. " Previous," observes he, " to my beginning my operations on this piece of land, I had never dug a rood of ground before in my life ; indeed, 1 was so entirely ignorant of all matters relative to husbandry, that I did not even know the various seeds." He details honestly and faith fully his whole plan of operation. Nothing was done in a corner. Thousands went to see the living incarnation of a great industrial truth. " The fol lowing," he continues, " is a correct estimate of the produce sold after family's consumption, keeping two cows, fattening one calf and rearing one, and fattening two pigs, besides reserving seeds for next year's cropping. The calf that I fatted weighed 9 stone, of 141bs. to the stone, at 7 weeks old, which I killed in the house, and sold among my friends and neighbours. The price I made of it was 7d. per pound, or 8s. 2d. per stone of 141bs. SOLD PRODUCE OF THE YEAR 1847. . Produce of two cows, after family's consumption, fattening one calf, and weaning one £29 12 0 One calf fatted, 9 stone, at 8s/ 2d £3 12 6 Skin, head, feet, &c.; 0 16 0 4 8 6 One-year old heifer : 5 o .0 One fat pig of 8 stone, at 8s. per stone 3 4 0 20 sacks of potatoes, at 8s 8 0 0 12 bushels early ditto, at 5s. 3 0 0 7,000 cabbages," at id 14 11 8 12 pecks of onions, at Is 0 12 0 Various seeds, vegetables, &c.; ;. 5 15 0. £74 3 10 Deduct vent of two acres, at .5 per cent, on purchase-money £12 10 0 Reut of house 8 0 0 Rates, taxes, &c; 2 12 0 — 23 2 0 Net profit for the year £51 1 10 Now here is the question practically . worked out. All the sneers of bastard economists at the results of O'Connorville and Snigg's End, cannot laugh sturdy industry out of the obvious conclusions .to which this precious experiment should legitimately lead. Here is a plain, persevering, but wholly un initiated man, who, out of two acres of land v,ery highly rented, feeds his whole family abundantly, pays all outgoings, including heavy house rent, rates an,d taxes, and nets a profit of £51 Is. lOd, per annum. Observe he does not live near a large town, he possesses no extraordinary advantages, commands no pet prices ; but is enabled by his own labour on two acres of land to contribute £51 per annum to the manufactures and taxation of the country after) amply supplying his whole family from the surplus produced. Calculating the lands of these islands cultivated and cultivable at 60 millions of. acres, and giving to each family two and a half times as much as honest John Sillet's .share, or five acres each, there would be ample provision for 12 millions of families or 60 millions of souls, capable of producing a net profit income of £612,000,000 per annum. But if we assume the arrangement of society according to its natural adjustments, and dedicate' the industry of half the population to manufactures and commerce, then there would be ten acres fpr . each agricultural family, and if they netted only as much out of ten as Sillett does out of two, they would still have £306,000,000 of a surplus wherewith to become the customers, of their trading fellow-citizens, and to relieye them of the half of the national burthens besides. In such an employment as this, man develops his best and highest faculties, and effectu ally castigates his peccant humours and graver vices. From such a class would be drawn the noblest cpnstituency in the world — free men ac customed to habits of self-command and industry, and trained in the difficult duty of being their own masters. The infinitely precious labours of Mr. Charles Pearson, late Member for Lambeth, have furnished with a mass of evidence incidental to this subject, which has left his country largely his debtor. We see some serious attempt to reclaim Dartmopr by spade husbandry of convicts is in course of preparation. Under the able manage- ment of Mr. H. Callender, accountant in Edinburgh, the peasantry of Ireland have, on a farm in .Galway, successfully worked out the agricultural problem we have held up for solution ; and we observe an Industrial School Farm for boys alone has been forsome time in operation at Craigie, near Perth, which already has become self-supporting. In truth, such are our capabilities that, in place of being an importing, we might become an exporting country for farm produce, and be independent of foreign custom for our manufactures, by rearing up a peasantry rich enough to find a market for every yaid of cloth we can produce. The career of im provement is being initiated in Ireland by Baron Richards and the auctioneer's hammer ; and we trust that this little leaven of common sense will at last leaven the whole lump of our legislation in reference to the tenure and transfer of the soil. 