The Victoria Stage Manager in a Fix. [The time is supposed to be thirty minutes before the curtain ought to rise upon a new piece which had actually undergone two re- hearsals.] Griffy discovered behind the curtain with his arms folded, brows knit, and a lemoncholy tragic cast of countinghouse. Griff.--This is the spot, the centre of the wood: (He touches his head.) To make these people know it, would I could; A man so bothered never yet was known For this Victoria-- Enter Carpenter hastily. Carp.--We wants a throne. Griff. (teeth-gnashingly)--Sweet speci-man of Carpen-taria's gulf-- Go--go to blazes; and immersed in sulph- Er. die------ Carp.--Sink that, sir, it won't pay the sal- Ary.-- Enter Miss Sarah in a fever. Sarah.--Oh! Griffy, I won't play that gal. Griff.--You won't! you won't!! oh! spirits good and evil! What will you play? Sarah--"The lady------ Griff.--And the devil. Enter Frank with a garment in his hand. Frank--Hallo, my Griffy; this costume's not true. Griff.--You fit all parts, and everything suits you. Frank--Ah! plums! but ne'er can I, a thin, spare knight, Play in this Falstaff doublet--blow me tight! If 'twere low comedy it might be fairish A sort of John Reeve beadle of the------ Griff. (lustily)--Parish. Enter the Wherry Wenerable Waterman Joseph Parish. What is that knocking? Parish--Covies at the gates. Griff.--Tell them 'tis------- Frank--Christmas time they must be waits. Enter Ansum Johnny in an unmitigated state of disgust. Johnny--Come, I say Griffy, here's a pretty go. My head, like Franklin's, will be lost in snow-- A nice old toddler part--not worth a rap;-- Give me a uniform and huzza cap. Enter Mr Spencer. Spen. (solemnly)--Angels and ministers of grease--I hate 'em: They've ta'en away my lard and my pomatum. Enter Mr Arabian much displeased. Mr A.--If 'twere Earl Osmond I should not repine: Of this part, I'll not know the ghost o' a line. Griff.--Alas! poor ghost! I knew his father well-- He dwelt in hermitage-- Frank Johnny} Oh! what a cell. Enter Madame Torning hurriedly. Ma. T.--Please Mister Sir, my part 'twould much enhance. To skip the lines and introduce a dance. Griff.--Deuce take it, Madam--Hold! I beg your pardon. It was a lapsus linguæ. Frank--That's a hard un. Enter Signor Carandini boy-antly. Signor--Vat dis I hears? moost I a laddare mount? I reckoned my place vas to take a count, Enter Madame Carandini dignified-ly. Madame--This Irish character I can't be pat in; I'll just walk through it. Frank (aside to Johnny)--In the dress she sat-in. Enter Mr Rogers half-costumedly. Rogers--I say, my Griffy, I just want to know If my king can't sing "Mister B. Barlow--" The card is safe. Griff. (passionately)--Sing anything you please. Rogers--My mighty king will now be quite the cheese. Enter Prompter. Prompter--The audience are kicking up a row-- Shall I ring up, sir? Griff.--No, sir--yes, sir, now; Next week, I swear, I'll cut this pack of tricks; And play a game to walk out of a Fix. The bell is agitated, and the rosin-eers com- mence their operations. 