A COLUMN OF COMICALITIES. AN AMERICAN DESCRIPTION OF A BABV. -We copy the following from the Knicker' hocker, lt is a postscript to a letter ad dressed to the Editor by a funny correspon- dent, who calls himself " Julian." And then my boy. But havn't I told you ? Why, I'vé got a boy ? a boy !-ha, ha ! I shout it out to you-a baby ! fourteen pounds, and the mother a great deal better than could be ex- pected ! And I say, Mr. Editor, it's mine ¡ hurrah and hallelujah for ever. Oh, Sir; such legs and such arms, and such a head ! and oh, Heavens ! he has his mother's lips can kiss them for ever ! And then, Sir, look at his feet, his hands, his chin, his everything in fact. Give rae joy, Sir, no, you needn't either. lam full now; I run over; aud they say I run over a number of old women, half kiiled the mother, pulled the doctor by the. nose, and upset a pothecary shop in the corner; and then didn't 1 ring the tea bell? Didn't I blow the horn? and didn't I dance, shout, laugh, and cry altogether? The women say they had to tie me up. I didn't believe that ; but whose going to shut their mouth when he has a live baby ? You should have heard his lungs, Sir, at the first mouth- ful of fresh air-such a dust. A little tone to his voice, but not pain--excess of joy, sir, from too great sensation. The air bath was too sudden, you know. Think of all this beautiful machinery starling off at once in full motion; all his thousand outside feelers answering to the touch of the cool'air; the flutter and crash "at"the ear ; and that curious contrivance (the eye) looking out wonderfully and bewildered upon the great world, so glo- rious and so dazzling, to his unworn percep- tions ; his network of nerves, his wheels and pulleys, his air-pumps.and valves, his engines reservoirs ; and within all that beautiful fountain, with its jets and running streams dashing and coursing through the whole length and breadth, without stint or pause making altogether, Sir, exactly fourteen pounds. I am this day, Sir, multiplied by two. I am duplicate. I um number one of an indefinite series, and there's my continu- ation. And you observe it is not a block, nor a blockhead, nor a painting,.>nor,a bust, nor a fragment of anything^ however beautir . fui; but a combination of all * tjie' nits àpd.{ sciences in one ; painting, sculpture, music, (hear' . bini cry); mineralogy,./, chemistry, (see him kick)"; geography and the use of the-. globes (see him nurse) ; and withal Hie is' a perpetual motion-a timepiectfithatwill'nevet. run down ! ' -'And who wound it.: up??- ,." But words, Sir, are a mouthing and amoclcery." PILING UP' JOKES.-Speaking of wags what is more Waggish than a dog's tail whett he is pleased ? Speaking of tails-we always like those that end well. Hogg's for instance. Speaking of hogs-we saw one of these animals the other day lying in the gutter and in the opposite one a well-dressed man ; the first had a ring in in his nose, thc latter had a ring on his finger. The man was drunk, the hog was sober. " A hog* is known by the company he keeps" thought we ; so thought Mr. Porker, and off we went. Speaking of going off, puts ns in mind of a gun we once owned. It went off one night, aud we havn't seen it since, And speaking of guns reminds us of the " obsolete idea." We had ene-a pun ; not the obselete idea-and it burst. N. O. Picayune. A YANKEE VERSION OF THE SEVEN DEADLY SINS.-1. Refusing to take a news- paper, ii. Taking a newspaper and not pay- ing for it. 3. Not advertising. 4. Adverti- sing and not paying for it. 5. Making a printing office a loafing office. G. Heading manuscript in the hands of the compositor. 7\. Sending an abusive and threatening letter to the editor. For the first and second of- fence no absolution can be grpnted. The third can be remedied. The fourth is un- pardonable. For the balance the dispensation can only be received by an episcopal bull front the aggrieved party.-American Paptr, THE CREATION OF WOMAN.-£ poet in the Keene Republican, celebrating the works of Dame Nature, has an idea which comes very near being original, if it be nut quite so : She next mado woman-so tho Story goes Willi an improved material and art ; Grtvo her a form,'the choicest ono of those That,inako utightliouutiful, and to her heart A power th soften mun-and forced tho rose Its blushing tint to lier soft cheek impart Then chopped thc rainbow vp, and with tho chips She went to work and finished off her lips J THE RED HOT POINT.-" Good morn- ing, Sambo; bery hot weather, Sambo. They do any that it is so hot down east that they is obliged to take off the tops of the houses to let in the air." " Well, Cnlty, it can't get no hotter in our house, any how, 'cause thc thermometer's gone bang up to the top ; thal'a ono comfort, Cuffy." MAXIM FOU MEN OP THE WOULD. - Never desert a friend in distress ; and to ren- der yourself incapable of doing anything M> base, form friendships wilh none but people who are well off. Man's happiness is said to hang upon u thread. This must he tho thread that H m r« r nt hand to eovv ou thu ahirt- button that u always oft TUB BLfcpHANTr^Whef» co mir» Ichabod f»n»t IRV? Him. at a showy be extfMtácd >itl> mute MtóñUbmenVj^Tííen that'i the rafe menHgere'rAtbe identical critter itself I I swowj wouldn't two of .'ern make a teatn to draw stun with ! Golly, amt he a scrouger?" Ichabod went " hum," and related what" he had seen. ".1 seen," said he, " tué ginewine menagerer--the darndest biggest lump; [of flesh that ever ' stirred. He had tow tails, tew ; one behind and t'other before. Philoso rtres call the fore 'un a pronobscus. He put one of his taila in my pocket and hauled out ail the ' gingerbread-every hooter. What d'ye think he done with it? Why, bestück it in his own pocket, and began to fumble for more-darn him !" ? A gentlemen, on entering an attorney's office, casually observed that it was as hot as an oven. The proprietor shrewdly observed, *' So it may be, my friend ; for it is here that Intake mv bread." A Frenchman gasconading over the inven tive genius of his country, said, " We in- vented ruffles!" " Aye," said John Bull, '. and we added shirts to them." The Editor of an American paper says, he never saw but one ghost, and that was the /host of a sinner who died without paying for his paper. " 'Twas terrible to look upon !" The . following is a copy of a vi ill left by a mau who chose to be his own lawyer : ", Thu is the last will and testament of me, John Thomas; I give all my things to my relations, to be divided among them the best way they can. N.B.-If anybody kicks up a row, or makes any fuss about it, he isn't to have anything.-Signed by me, John Thomas." " 'Tis strange," muttered a young man as he staggered home from a supper party, " how evil communications corrupt good manners. I've been surrounded by Tumblers all the evening, and now I'm a tumbler myself." A. LITERARY CHARACTER,-" l declare, Mr. Goldthumb, it seems you have read everything." ** Why, ma'am, after working thirty years as a trunk-maker, 'twould be to my shame if I didn't know something of the literature of my country 1"-Time Works Wonders. _ 