^ftiTIvoMS. . -'unufiHrn TXutv ) " him Is this the"'" islands I am doing Iel of consolation li. and "'slash and therefore the truth I speak. !m?utfn"»,M7UHf THURSDAY. JUNE ft, fell. .XHI> ll«'«uSTa s riV) MAG VZINE Wives as' we had to deal with the Hercules to whom we. '"am has very injudiciously entrusted the mv,t'igemcnt of that rather ticklish subject','"''''8 social Newspaper Press," who gave a sp**5}"**'«* of the style of composition of this very >?'''iu"»cient critic, in a piece of con- temptible rJlV'0,«oiita'le which would not have been admits"' t'Mt, or one of the newspapers, so flippantly b»'"'>t<cl by the censor, line-clear. WTo must regret it, We have not lately fallen in with a<n'',,u**; at all like it-, particularly as dropping it and the pair of a writer, holding the elevated p«*'«''0n of impartial judge of the writings of We read it again and again, with the san,',«t"><s».tionwithnhieh we should take another I"0 *l 'bo Koh-i-noor diamond, or the four pound Judges of gold from the Bathurst California. " Soberly issue common sense Mower to what some way upon our SOmewhat rhapsodical intcrrogtt^(..'*,1*' " In the press upon the same subject in the last number of the famine, this pedantry is happily avoided!. 'I'"" article has every appearance, of having been "said by some friend, whom the writer conceives? a better judge than himself in things literary' and the consequence is a dearth of gems of the 'v banner class. Having P*.''"*>> ally to exercise some little critical iiouiix^'1, m judging of the masses of copy from a throne" . adherent satire, which needs warily past a ' *" this eye of the conductor of a large family I've "' ''« were rather struck by such a, literary au 4 My as the soberly sales answers paM as 'it, and we very easily doubled that belch " ="' .' "'ice must either have been written n'"'1>f 54 influence, or that the man who wrote .' as v J palmitic fool." The last article proves that neither pedantry nor folly is his woi>vi«'»l'v' . We now have to bring very much mths it's '" charges against him. Our friend' was «-'liHiii;itd his due acter. We left him * Hat*»1-*»! ¡ ak'u-elad ¡ armed with his club in search of" monsters." Scared possibly at the ruggedness of his own aspect, he has shifted his attire. The coarse manliness of the son of . Jupiter requires to be modified a little and Hercules now sneaks into the shining black suit, and dons the white kerchief of the local preacher. He hides his cudgel, and flaunts the Bible in our face. He comes down upon us with the sly and deprecatory step of the man, too good for, this world ; his hair sleek and combed upon his forehead ; his complexion drilled to the "dim, religious" shade of tallow!. ness ¡ his words low and gentle; the whole I creature " unable," very unable ; a veritable Stigijins ! 2 He cannot deal, the good man tells us, in smell warfare as " hard names and vulgar abuse." Not he good creature ! He is, however, ," in no ill humour with those from whom he has received either ;" he rather likes it, it refreshes his " humbleness," and he only wishes us for the future, " better manners and better taste." The reverend demi-god looks ugly, too. The stalwart proportions of the lion killer and stable < leaner seem ill at case in the clerical sables. Black kersey seems bursting with a something ruffian, struggling to get free. Hands and feet are coarse and out of proportion the bull-neck consorts badly with the dainty cambric ; the beard looks bristly ; and as we live-a most suspicious thing-a bludgeon hidden in the black coat sleeve A He looks unable too-can have no evil in him -see his demure mien-hark, how sweetly she talk«-Gospel-ah The pen, in a Christian's hand, is responsible to God as well as man and in such lands, should ever be wielded, no matter what the theme or where the record, with sense of this responsibility. If on the tongue and the heart be laid the divine interdict which forbids the indulgence of evil words or evil thoughts ¡ which denounces equally unseemly behaviour and urgently feeling, authorship is the least of all entitled to set it at defiance. At the heard then of being called niethodisticul, we avow our belief that the spirit of the pen, should, in every thing worthy of its efforts be animated by the spirit of the gospel. Startling as it may appear to some, we maintain that, to deserve the respect of himself and others, the editor of a newspaper should not only feel like a christian, and a gentle man, but should mile in such a manner as to leave no doubt on the reader's mind of his title to the character of both. Good ! And how beautifully delivered ! something enrolling ! A dash too much of the nasal ! lJut with what placid and Christian meekness a -very, vary, arable ! And now most robust but still most noble Siigyins, let us take the liberty of making a long step, and turn eagerly to your verdict regarding the Press. We cannot bear- to wait. The approval or condemnation of so good, so pure a man, is too tantalising for endurance. Hut stay, before we get the verdict, we must hear the summing up ; before we know what we have got, we must first know what we really seek. His table reverence borrows a most able sketch of what an Editor should be, before he decided' upon what the Editors are. The writer he refers to says, in words which should he printed in letters of gold. I cannot easily conceive of a greater good to a city, than the establishment of a newspaper by men of superior ability and independence,, who should judge all parties and public measures, by the standard of ent istian law ; who should become smilingly speak the truth and adhere to the right: who should make it their steady aim to form a just and lofty public sentiment, and who should at the same time give to upright and honorable men an opportunity of making known their opinions, on matters of interest, however opposed to the opinions and passions of the day in the present stage of society, when newspapers form the reading of all classes, and the chief reading of multitudes, the importance of the daily Press cannot be overrated, It is one of the mightiest instruments at work among, us. It may and should take rank among the most effectual means of social order and improvement. It is a power which should be wielded by the best minds in the community. The office of editor is one of solemn responsi- bills, and the community should encourage the most gifted and virtuous men to assume it, by liberally recompensing' their labours, and by according to them that freedom of thought and speech, a without which, no mind puts forth all its rigour, and which the highest minds rank among their dearest rights and blendings. And now for the decision .' After a dissertation extending over some twenty pages, throat goes forth ; the character of the four " monster" Editors of the pity of Melbourne is settled for ever. We fill in the names of the journals for Hercules is cautious, as becomes the bearer of a secret bludgeon. It is more in character with his present holy garb to speak slowly, and to hint decisions rather than to deliver them without disguise. We had intended to give an individual sketch of each piper, but we fear to exhaust the patience of our lenders, and have already, perhaps, said enough to enable them to drawn just) conclusion as to the difference which exists in the four Newspapers which have given occasion to our comments. Two of them (the Herald and the Daily. News) stand conspicuously out in favor able relief to the others, both in talent and tone, and Tf they would think more of the independence, and Icfb of the sale of their paper, and correct sundry failings which they have in common with their contemporaries they would rapidly rise in estimation. As to the third, (the Times,) we cannot sufficiently express our astonishment that its " lean lucubrations," coupled as they now are with more serious deformities should be still permitted tour the patience of its leaders; and of the fourth (the unhappy Argus) we can only say whatever may be its talent- that our wonder is that it should find any subscribe! s among the respectable portion of the community. The conductors of the Herald and the Daily News are then the choice sheep of the flock ; but other portions of this notable article indicate the former, is the pet bell wether of the high minded and intellectual- Hercules. The "pen in a chi asians hand" " responsible to God as well as man" is the pen held by a gentleman who scarcely knows one end of it from the other The model-man of " superior ability and independence is a gentleman whose ' ability" all the world knows, is scarcely equal to writing a copy for a child ; whose "independence" is to be bought for a three shilling advertisement ! The Editor to whom is deputed the arduous task of forming "a just and lofty public sentiment is universally considered about as cringing a syce. plant as men licked dust from the foot of Tower I 'Ibe, Ilercnles-sclccted best mind in the community is no mind at all ; but the more bony covering of other men's minds; and apt to be most mercilessly tyrannised over, by the occupant who may temporarily hold possession of that di cary chamber ! And this is your decision, Reverend Sir I Noir,- we are staunch advocates for the amenities of life. We would not willingly laugh and in your face. We should be sorry to hurt the feelings of any one looking so may I, so meek, so bland, no oils, and si) good But our risible faculties have ever been of the mind order. We fear that we shall commit ourselves ¡ allow us to withdraw, and high. And now a light breaks in non in. This man is a humbug. His moderation is affected ; his sacred garb assumed for the occasion. His lowly tone in line on to deceive. His smooth fate hides the scowl of the assassin. He flourishes the finals in our face, but to desecrate the Holy Volume. It is " the devil quoting Scripture. in his hands " the sword of the Lord and of Gideon" becomes the stiletto of the brigand. Out then upon such canting hypocrites ! Off with the fleece, snatched for the nonce from the innocent sheep, and let us see the wolf in all his cardiff ugliness {, We read again, and now with the scales shaken from our eyes and we find that this so called criticism upon the Victorian Press is nothing more nor less, than, most malignant attack upon ourselves ; sly, stealthy, cover as such efforts generally are, but exceedingly ma 'lignant, notwithstanding. Above' we find, that we ought to have no respectable subscribers in another place we are informed that " It is time not only to cry shame, shame ! but to spurn with scorn and disgust from our doors, the journals (us, poor us !) where such foul and impertinent, indignities are permitted to find a place The good man's temper fairly leaves him. He revels in the veriest Billingsgate that a very im- pure vocabulary can supply and finding his own collection scarcely sufficient for his malice, ho darts eagerly upon a very abusive article which lately emanated from a Sydney paper with reference to the Melbourne Press; carefully avoid- ing any reference to the circumstances of the case under which it appeared, and evidently losing sight of the very apparent error of the Empire, in itself stumbling upon the same faults it censures. Of the circumstances under which the attack upon the Melbourne Press was made, and of the extreme consistency shown thereby on the part of the Empire, we shall speak before we have done. Meantime, let us transfer the elegant little passage itself, here and there italicised we believe, by Hercules, and with the very agreeable application annexed thereto. The Empire say s-' Holding these opinions, it is impossible for us to conceal the expression of the more than disgust and loathing the absolute abhorrence, With which we get use the articles which disgrace the columns' of certain of our Melbourne covers poraries. We are filled with indignation at the prostitution of the noble function of the public journalist, which we so constantly witness, Every topic, however general in its nature, seems to be eagerly caught up, and made the ground of such personal abuse, and scandalous recrimination, as would shame Billingsgate. The sentiments of scoundrels are purposely clothed in coarse blackguardism, for the purpose of stinging individual fooling the more keenly. It is shameful, monstrous, and damnatory of the Press. The most ordinary courtesies are recklessly trampled upon, and insults are deliberately penned, which, even among men who are destitute of every principle of manliness, except a remaining particle of courage, would not be tolerated for an instant, without an appeal to the cow hide or pistol. A man, not utterly de- Told of the self-respect, which constitutes his humanity, would forfeit his life, sooner than prostitute his taltnlsUo such vile uses shame to the men who do so ! Our Melbourne brethren have done nobly on several occasions lately. They have borne a glorious testimony in favour of public virtue and national purity. We hear lily pray Heaven to aid their grand endeavour ! But we tell them plainly that a greater evil than even convictism afflicts them, while a depraved Newspaper Press is allowed to diffuse its deadly moral pestilence throughout their sociii-system. We call upon them to protest against this evil, and to make a determined effort to exterminate it now and for ever. Let the man who degrades his power as a public writer, by familiarising the public mind to the most dotes table slander, the vulgarest scurrility and the v nest scoundrelism, find that he is looked upon as a plague in society and let him and his writings be rigorously excluded from all circles, where manliness, politeness, and purity, are yet held in estimation And all this is quietly put down by this cry HghtenoJ critic, Hercules,- to the Argus. He says I " This is pretty plain language, but certainly not as regards one paper over- charged." He thereby quietly tells us that the Argus is conducted in a style to merit " absolute abhorrence," more than disgust and loath- ing ;" that it is conducted by a scoundrel, a liar, a blackguard, a social plague, a slanderer, and a coward ! Now, without stopping to enquire into the anomaly of epithets like these issuing from the month of our sleek Mond, who commenced by announcing himself too patient and too unable to exchange abuse, we beg to appeal to the public of this colony, and ask whether ice deserve such terms as these ? Whether the Argus, which dalling its brief career, has identified itself in all sincerity and zeal, solely, singly, to the great cause of public reform, ought to be spoken of, by any single colonist of Victoria, in such a tube as this? Whether there is not something ungrateful ; something very base and wicked, indeed in awarding such a return, for serv faces of some value to the com muiiRy t And that public is interested in the answer. That public has made us what we are and if truly described by this malicious scribbler, the public is false and cowardly too ; slanderous and blackguard ; scoundrel like ourselves! The career of the Journals conduct is no secret Its rise ambprogross is well known to all. ' We found it low enough. A small six-column bi-weekly, of such humble pretensions, that reference to it now provokes a smile ; without a ghost of an efficient staff ; with worn-out material : the circulation about the lowest in the city ; the entire office under the benign protection of a sheriff s officer; the field already occupied by papers of many years standing. Under such disadvantages we. entered upon the struggle. In a few short months, we have made the Argus what it is this day. Slowly and steadily we have forced our way, with a patient industry, and against opposing influences, known only to ourselves. We now conduct one of the largest daily paper in Australia; possessing a circulation which boldly challenges all its neighbours ; condescending to no lower pretensions than those belonging to the "leading Journal" of the most prosperous of the colonial possessions of Great Britain, with a distinct recollection of a promise long since given, never to pause till we present to our readers, the best newspaper' in the Australian colonies and with no intention of faltering in our determination, or of being worse than our word, we have extended a root here, and a branch there, and have made some progress in systems Using a staff, which, for talented vigilance in its several departments, shall one day defy competition in the Southern hemisphere. If we have not ye<.done, all we wish, we have at all events done all we can and it must not be forgotten that what has been done, has been of good in the face of a very active competition, and has been accomplished for a very small community, which still divides its newspaper patronage amongst four daily papers This course would scarcely have been ventured upon, without there mom something to lend us to hope that we were in some degree fitted to our task. It was not in my time in a day. This sort of pro "Ms ¡siH-cpssnr.ly gradual; but what an unto rivers maligned asserts that no respectable subscriber should come our way, he may inform himself if he chooses to read., that our progress in public support has been Steady, up yawning and continuous ; tLitt from a very short 'history subscribers, we have gone on till our present list for exceeds that of any journal in Victoria that we think badly of every single month that does not odd fifty to that list and that each fifty, we will venture to affirm, contains forty names of men as " respectable" as himself in everything that constitutes a real respectability. Does the man know, or is he capable of understanding, that in wickedly daring to impute " scoundrelism" to n journal with such marks of public confidence as these ; he stamps ''scoundrel" upon the community itself ? Our remarks are running to undue length ; and we have yet much to say to this secret libeller of his fellow colonists. But another light dawns upon our eyes. There is personal spire at the bottom of all this. This self-styled critic is paying off a grudge, in his own mean and cowardly style. Our literary Judge has vi i theil under our last and his impartiality is destroyed, if such a mind be ever capable of existing without bias. We have trodden, we fear, upon the gentleman's toes., and this hypocrite-stab is his re- venge. Our natural positions are reversed. We have some time arraigned him at the bar of public opinion, and the verdict of " guilty" rankles in his soul. The culprit sneaks round to the bench. He shouts to his patron Ham to lift him from the dock, and assumes the robe, to pass sentence upon the man who has just tried him. It is badly done after all the Judicial ermine contrasts sadly with the petty larceny bearing of the wearer. ( Justice does not seek a mask. She does not stickle sturdily, as does this miserable counterfeit, for the "'incognito." The desire for conceal- ment is in itself suspicious ; the very eagerness with which the black visor is hugged to the face, betrays the profile of the Fagan. Of the identity of this hidden calumniator, end of his right to retain the incognito for which he pleads so eagerly, we shall treat hereafter. 