NEW ZEALAND COLONIZATION. The original promoters of New Zealand colonization thought themselves wise in their generation. They bestowed great pains upon their self-appointed task, and applied their minds with vigour and de- termination to its execution. But in the blindness of their zeal, they neglected to provide that sine qua non in all specula- tions, vulgarly called "trump card." There certainly was a talk about phor- mium tenax, or native flax of the country —and several desperate experiments were made in London with a view to show its superiority to every other substance of its kind. The phormium tenax, however, conti- nued to grew uselessly—and up to the present time, I am not aware that it has proved in any way likely to take the lead as the staple production of New Zealand. Every scheme invented by the sanguine settlers for preparing the flax, has failed, and the idea of its becoming a profitable article of export has a length been ad- journed sine die. The deluded colonists, in despair, be- took themselves to sheep farming; and in spite of the endless difficulties in which the country has been involved by the conflicting interests of the government and of the New Zealand Company's allotte's, some of the more determined and pains taking among them, succeeded in esta- blishing stations, and have reaped a re- munerating harvest. New Zealand wool has quietly crept into the European market, and promises to compete success fully with the produce of Australia. Several instances could be adduced of little fortunes realized by the patient and systematic pursuit of pastoral adventure. One of the " pilgrim fathers" who landed in the country ten years ago, with only a few hundreds at his command, is now the undisputed lord of many thousand sheep, and calculates his income at five hundred pounds a-year, Agriculture, also, has attracted a share of attention, the first labour of the colo- nist were of course limited to their gardens. They have been particularly successful in the cultivation of fruit trees. The annual exhibition of the Horticultural Society, which happened to take place during my stay at Wellington, was most creditable to the industry of the Settlers, and afforded abundant evidence of the capabilities of the soil. The Hon. M. Petre, and Mr St. Hill, are honorably distinguished among the amateur horti- culturists. The latter gentleman's gar- dens are the admiration of every visitor. He has spared no pains and no expense; and his specimens; exhibited at the show, were very little, if at all, inferior to the best productions of the Mother Country. The wheat grown in New Zealand, has already an European reputation; and now that the territorial squabbles have come to an end, by the dissolution of the Company, agricultural pursuits must na- turally take the lead; and the dream of the speculator may yet be realized, that New Zealand is destined to become the granary of the Southern Hemisphere. But the colonists have had a hard struggle; and at one time they had well nigh given up the ghost altogether. At the very worst stage of their affairs, how- ever, the news of the Californian gold discoveries came, like a message of re- prieve, to revive their fainting energies. The intelligence acted like magic upon the imagination of the colonists. A glance at the map of the world, on Mer cator's projection, shewed them their favorable position for trade with the new El Dorado. Here was the trump card ! Here was the great Eureka? And the settlers were not slow in comprehending the advantage. They immediately de- creed the conversion of their forests into gold. The idlers forgot their idling, and betook themselves to the woods, with axes on their shoulders and high hopes in their hearts. Great activity prevailed among the sawyers and the sailors. All the ships in the harbours were laid on for San Francisco. Nothing could be easier than to persuade oneself that Kau- ri was the very thing with which to build Monte forms and Chinese restaurants. News arrived of one of the Californian conflagrations, and some of the worthy speculators nearly died of joy. "Lum ber" could not be put on board for £10 per thousand, and the price in San Fran- cisco, by the latest authentic accounts, was no less than six hundred dollars ! Who could forbear to plunge into the glittering adventure. What was cattle and sheep farming when compared to the golden trade ? Then there were all the possibilities to be taken into account. A return voyage by China, by Manila, and New South Wales, golden profits invested in teas, cigars, and sheep-the market for which, of course would, of course, be infinitely enlarged by the expected accession to the population, in consequence of the Canter- bury scheme. In short, there would be no limit to the prosperity of New Zea- land. All the difficulties of the Land question were to solve themselves at once—and as to the natives, the sooner they levanted to New Guinea, or to any other corner of the uncivilized earth the better. But all these fine visions were destined to mere oblivion—the cargoes of New Zealand timber were too late in the field. Brother Jonathan forestalled the far away colonists; and when the " lumber" arrived in the Bay of San Francisco, the price per mile had fallen to less than 80 dollars ! That speculation, therefore, turned out a dead loss—and the colonists again took up their legitimate occupations. When brilliant prospects fail, and our hopes of gain and glory are scattered to the winds, nothing affords such consolation as the cultivation of the soil. Cicero and Dio- cletian both testify to the fact. Confu- cius mentions ploughing as one of the greatest virtues. Virgil has painted its charms, and Horace has sung its praise; and every succeeding age has confirmed the wisdom of the words: "Nihil agri- cultura melius, nihil sanius, nihil homine libero dignius." But, not to sink to the level of mere honest peasantry, the people of New Zea- land have strenuously studied the theory of politics; and have exhibited far greater vitality in this respect than, from the smallness of their scattered situation, could, prima facie, have been expected. They have earned for themselves the re- putation of a grumbling, remonstrating, energetic lot." The old struggle for the mastery between self-government and despotism has been carried on with a gusto which might well shame an older and more powerful community. New Zealand has nobly vindicated the ancient colonial theory of perfect equality with the mother country, and though she has not succeeded yet, in getting rid of the incubus-of an ignorant and besotted bu- reaucracy she has loudly protested against the nuisance, and unequivocally shown her determination to abate it. In reply to the laughable proposal to create colonial peerages—a proposal seriously put forth by Edward Gibbon Wakefield in his latest and most compre- hensive work, " The Art of Colonization" —the New Zealanders have simply, but significantly declared for Chartism— plain, unvarnished, undisguised Chartism —they have deliberately considered the question of their future polity— they have patiently discussed every proposition that has been laid before them—and they have publicly resolved that they will, henceforth, be governed under the princi- ples of "The Peoples' Charter!' Ne vous en deplaise, my Lords, Secretaries of State, and Right Reverend Canterbury and Lyttleton Exclusives? This is a great fact—a very portentous fact. Chartism is, in truth, the political colour of the colonies. However the thing may be denied, however it may be veiled, it is impossible for any candid mind to ignore the spirit of the times. But in these new countries, Chartism is not the spectre that frights the noodles of the aristocracy in old, pri- vileged England. It is the birthright of the colonies. Their normal institution, the original political root of the Anglo- Saxon offshoots—and nothing within the range of legitimate expectation can stop the natural development in the Southern World of the principles of political liberty. 