THE NATIONAL SYNOD. , On Tuesday, September 10, took place the third and closing session of the Synod. The Ecclesiasti cal ceremonies and observances were in every re spect similar to those at the opening of theSynod, and which it is, therefore, utlnecessay to recapitu late. ' The attendance of both Clergy and laity was most numerous, and there was an immense multi tude of country people assembled about the pre cincts' of the Cathedral. At half-past ten o'clock the Bishops wearing sputans, and rochets, with pec toral cross, entered the cathedral in procession from the college. High Mass was celebrated by his Grace ! the Most Reverend Dr. Slattery, Archbishop of j Cashel : the Reverend Mr. Lanigan, Administrator, i Thurles, was Presbyter Assistant ; the Reverend Dr. Qutn, Deacon ; and the Rev. Dr. Woodlock, Vice-President of All-Hallows College, Drum condra, Sub- Deacon. The Rev. Dr. M'Hale, of the , Irish Collge at Rome, together with the Rev. Messrs. Keogh and Ford, officiated as Master of Ceremonies. At the conclusion of the High Mass the Prelates were robed in full Pontificals, and took their seats within the inner circle of the sactuary, the theologians sitting immediately around them. jlj During the celebration of High Mass the choral de tj partment, under the direction of Mr. Lyons, of j] Carlow College, was conducted in most admirable I . and effective style. The Rev. gentlemen who, at the special request of the Primate, gave their ser | vices on. this occasion, were the same who assisted J at the solemnisation of the public sessions which j have been already recorded. The introit, ' Spiritus I Domini,' was sung in the pure, solemn, and doep H toned harmony of the Gregorian cliaunt. The I 'Kyrie,-' ' Gioria,' 'Credo,' and ' Sanctus,' li'l . were of the composition, and in the beautiful and I j impressive style of' the Abbe Ilari. The ' Veni | j Sancte Spiritus,' sung after the Epistle, was that \t\ of Casciolini. This was, indeed, a magnificently Ij, performed piece of' church music. W: High Mass having been concluded, the Prelates, ? \ _ after divesting themselves of the Rochet and Mo ! ; zetta, assumed the cope and mitre of cloth of gold. ! The Assistant- Daacons immediately re-entered .; in splendid dalmatics, and the Primate took his seat between his theologians at the epistle side of the h altar. I All tlie Prelates then, two by two, passed the 'j ' throne and saluted the Primate, and took their seats I } about the altar. j ) His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Cnllen, Primate of l-, Ireland, addressed his venerable brethren in the i ; episcopacy, and the assembled congregation, nearly ij i as* follows : — The ceremony you have to-day wit jj'j nessed has been so long, that I cannot think of de ll j taining you for more than a few minutes. But | I cannot refrain from availing myself of the pcca j sion to address a £ew words of congratulation to ! you on the happy termination of this most impor I taut assemblage — this new and solemn proof and | attestation of the renovated youth and strengthened | fidelity of the Catholic Church of Ireland. It was I' but a few years since religion was proscribed, jn and the severest penal laws enacted aginst its exis II tence. The nobility of your land who held the Ca ll ' tholic faith were driven into exile and their pro | perties confiscated, and many of the sainted prede jjjj ' cessors of your venerable bishops here present had ?j to expiate on the scaffold their steadfast attachment I to the faith of Jesus Christ. But now the fullest f liberty is restored to our Church, and the Bishops i of Ireland have been enabled to assemble in the |. most solemn and public manner, and to con I stitute one of the most venerable and important as | semblages that has been witnessed in modern times. | Oh ! how thankful ought we not to be to the i )? Almighty for having thus preserved and protected i ; the Catholic Church amongst us. How ought we I not to cry. out, in the words of the holy prophet — | ;.? ' Who is like to Thee among the strong, oh Lord ! ^ who is like to Thee, glorious in sanctity, and ter | rible, doing wonders ! In Thy mercy thou hast ? been a leader to Thy people, whom thou hast re deemed ; in Thy strength Thou hast brought them ;- to salvation.' Oh, my brethren, we can never be sufficiently thankful to the Almighty for having i ' preserved amongst us the virtue of faith. The i -;hurches that resounded once with the voice of an I '; Augustine and a Cyprian are now laid low, and the | ] temples where a Basil and Chrysostom taugbt are now1 in ruins, or polluted by the impure rites of Ma homedanism : while here, in our native land, an oppressed, an afflicted, and a persecuted people have been enabled to preserve through centuries of per secution the true, faith: of- Jesus Christ. *Let us never cease to be grateful to. Almighty ,God for the preservation of this great treasure. But while we glorify God for having imparted and continued it to us, we are not to imagine that we are not alto gether free from danger, or that our struggles ai'e at an end.. . No ; we are told in the Scriptures that the life of man is a warfare on. earthT We have to struggle with the world, the devil, and the flesh, arid we must overcome them if we wish to preserve ,the treasure that God has given to us.. It is, be loved brethren, to afford you a means of doing so that this Synod has been held, and your venerated Prelates assembled to take counsel together to re gulate church discipline, to correct abuses, arid to promote the practices ? of Christian piety, and do every other act that may tend to the honour of God and to the advancement of the interests of the Holy Catholic Church. Your Prelates have herein per formed their duty most nobly, most admirably, and most zealously. Many of them now in the sear and yellow leaf of life — many feeble and infirm, have attended here at great personal inconvenience, but none of them have for a moment complained of any personal sacrifice or labour, feeling that they entered upon that duty in order to promote your eternal interests. They know that of them they shall have to render an awful account on the last day, and therefore they have spared no labour to fulfil carefully and conscientiously the duties and trusts imposed upon them. You, beloved brethren, will be called upon, when these enactments shall be published, -to correspond to the zeal and fervour of vnnr Prelates. Ynn will hfl.vfl to n.(\nnt aiirl ravrv into effect the things they have recommended and proposed. You are not to forget that ,you are en gaged in a great struggle, and that it is necessary you should make every exertion to preserve the Faith of your fathers. Faith, dearly beloved bre thren, is the most precious gift of Heaven. ' No one (says Christ) can come to me unless my Father shall call him.' The precious gift must come to us from Heaven — from our Eternal Father. All our efforts can not procure it. With what caution, then, should we not preserve a gift which cannot be ob tained by any human exertion, however great ? It is so necessary to us that without it it is absolutely impossible so please God ; and our Saviour pro claims that he who believeth not shall be con demned. All the acquisitions of this world are to be held as lost, says St. Paul1, when compared with the excellent knowledge of Jesus Christ. This heavenlv gift of Faith is the fountain of all the graces and all the blessings by which the mystical spouse of Christ is vivified and adorned, and all the treasures of this world can make no compensation for its loss ; while, if we possess it, it will amply counterbalance all the calamities with which in life we may be visited. Reflecting, then, on this great virtue, cultivate and cherish it, my brethren. I know that it has taken deep root among you. If we look round throughout the land, we see that it has -covered the country with the noblest institu tions of religion and charity, and raised the most splendid temples to the worship of the Most High. And notwithstanding all our calamities even in the trying ordeal through which we have passed, this great virtue of Faith has enabled us to send forth missions to the eastern and to the western world, to announce to tiiose who are sitting in darkness and in the shadow of death the joyous tidings of salvation. Oh ! may this great virtue, which has ever distinguished you above all other nations, always remain to you ; and may neither fraud or force ever be able to wrest from you the emblem of has been your consolation in the days of affliction, so may it be your pride and glory in the days of prosperity and abundance. But Faith alone, be loved brethren, is not sufiicient ; it must bo. united and .accompanied with good works. The Apostle says, 'Faith without good works is dead,' and we. know that the sterile fig was accursed ; and, speak ing of the necessity of combining Faith and good works in our acts through life, our Saviour says to the Jews, ' The kingdom of Heaven shall be taken away from you, and given to a nation that shall produce its own fruits.' If, then, your works do no.t correspond with your Faith, that inestimable blessing of Faith may be taken from you, and given to the people who correspond more faithfully with the wishes of Heaven. The way, than,, to preserve this faith is to perform the works which are set forth by Jesus Christ in the Gospels, and to make your actions correspond with the purity of your be lief. Of what value will it be to you. on the Last Day, to have to say that you were Christians, if Christ will not recognise you as having walked in his footsteps i Give edification to all, then, by showing that your actions through life correspond with the purity and steadfastness of your Faith. If you perform good works, if you live as the Ca tholic Church instructs you to live, then you will afford to all those around you the most perfect de monstration of the truth of our holy religion ; and many who have strayed from the true Faith will be brought back again to the fold of Christ. This Synod, beloved brethren, is now at an end, and your Bishops will at once return to their respective dioceses; to labour, as ever they have done, for the salvation of their flocks, to promote the interests of j religion, and to work out their own eternal salva tion ; but wherever we go we shall dwell with pleasurable recollection on the days we have so hap pily spent together in this town. We have here been much edified by the spirit of the people ; we have noticed the great exertions they have made to raise up Catholicity ; to construct this noble temple, that splendid college, monasteries, convents, and schools. We shall also recollect with happiness the spirit in which we met one another — the spirit of Catholic faith and sincerity of heart ; and we have witnessed the fulfilment of our anxious hope, that our deliberations should be guided by the light of thu Gro6pt-). We assembled at our synodical meet ings before the image of our crucified God, andiri the sp?rit of charity, anxious to put an end to all dis sensions, and to go forth before the world a strong and united body. We commenced our deliberations by making.a SQJemn profession,, of our adhesion to the holy Catholic Church, and of 'our obedience to the Apostolic ' See- Your Prelates know that re ligion has been preserved in Ireland by the obe dience of the Irish Church to the authority which comes from .the'ehair of Peter. From the time that St. Patrick first preached the Gospel in Ireland, he put this Church in connection with the , Apostolic See, and from that time totheprespnt, no error, or heresy, or schism, has entered the Irish Church that could separate us frpm.it. Every Church that rose up' in opposition to the See of Rome soon dwindled away ; but those, which remained faithful and kept upthe connection, receiving their spiritual authorty from the Vicars of Jesus Christ, were always enabled -to preserve and- uphold the true Faith. We are now about to separate. Pray, be loved brethren for your Pastors — pray for those who have to render a dreadful account on the Last Day of the souls who on earth are committed to their care. If you co-operate with us, our account will be light ; but if you be not obedient, your Pas tors will, indeed, have to render a great account. Abound, then, dear friends, in works of virtue and charity. Perform everything that is prescribed by the Gospel, and in that way, I trust, that upon the Last day we shall all be ranged on the right hand of the Great Judge. Your Pastors will then ap pear in confidence, because you will be present to bear testimony to the exertions they have made for the salvation of your souls ; and so, Priests and people, we shall be worthy to enter into the eternal taber nacle, there to sing in the company of the saints and angels, and the ever-glorious Mother of God, the praise of the Lamb, to whom, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, be praise, and glory, and honour for ever and ever. — Amen. His Grace having resumed his seat, The Rev. Dr. Ford, speaking from the altar, said that the proceedings were now about to terminate by a solemn procession of the Bishops and Clergy, aiid it was the wish and command of the Primate that none but the Ecclesiastics taking part in the ceremonial should leave the chapel till the proces sion returned; Their Lordships then went forth from the cathe dral in procession to the college, and in less than half an hour returned and resumed their places. During the procession, the Te Denm, as composed and arranged by the Abbd Ilari, was chanted by the choir in a style of the richest ecclesiastical har mony. On the return of the procession, sortie -psalms were sung in plain. Gregorian chant, and, at the conclusion, the choir intoned the psalm 'Bene- dictus,' harmonised for four voices, the effect of which was truly sublime, and afforded a fitting con summation to the magnificent ceremonials which marked the close of the National Synod of Ireland, the greatest and most auspicious era in the religious history of our country which has been witnessed for centuries past, or may be for centuries to come. Before the Bishops left the cathedral, the Rev. P. Cooper ascended the altar, and -announced, by di rection of his Grace the Primate, an Indulgence of Forty Days to all the Faithful who had assisted at the ceremonial of the Synod, and offered their prayers to the Almighty to invoke a blessing on its councils. — Freeman [with additions from other sources]. 