CALIFORNIA. —— (From the San Francisco Morning Post, Sept. 1. COURT INTELLIGENCE SUPERIOR COURT. - J. C. Smith, presiding. Saturday, August 23. Metcalf v. Argenti and Atkinson. The Court assembled at 8 o'clock to hear the closing argument of R. A. Lockwood, Esq. ; after going through with the case he closed as fol- lows:— But the distinguished counsel from South Carolina has said that we owe everything to the patriotic men of the Vigilance Committee, and that we ought not to obstruct their action, and he has spoken of the great obligations he is under to them, &c.; Let us, gentlemen, enquire into that thorny subject. It is said that our Committee is composed of "nice men" - men of wealth and respectability "our best and most influential citizens." and that no honest man can suffer wrong or injury from their clean and immaculate hands. More than eighteen hundred years ago Christ lived at Jerusalem. He had "gone about doing good," for thirty-three years-so the good Book tells us. But the "nice men" of Jerusalem, the Pharisees, who thanked God they were not sinners like other men - the priests, who (like our holy expounders of re- igion) "made the law of no effect by their tradi- tions''-the money changers, whose tables Christ overthrew in the Temple, which they by their ex- tortions had "made a den of thieves" - not coarse, hard-fisted, vulgar, petty thieves — but sleek, pampered, and "respectable'' thieves decked with golden ornaments, fine linen, and costly raiment, who "fared sumptuously every day," and (like our money dealers and speculators) "waxed fat" on the spoils acquired by fleecing and out- witting their fellow-men. Those "best and most influential citizens" of Jerusalem, "liked not the man Christ, and they sought how they might de- stroy him.'' They accordingly assembled in the "committee room," (whether they were sum- moned by the tap of a bell does not appear) and *they sought for false proof against Jesus that they might put him to death ; but they found none, though many false witnesses presented themselves." The "judge" - not Judge Parsons \- not a "miserable, ignorant, imbecile, Califor- nia" judge, but a Roman Governor, while Rome was the mightiest empire the world ever beheld a man of vast ability, worthy of being the enemy of the bloody, but gigantic Herod—the judge told them that the law found no fault in Christ but those predecessors of our Mormon "Saints" (for you know - if you have read the Mormon Bible, revealed to Joe Smith by the same Lord who used to favour Sam Brannan with such rich "dreams" - you know that the Mormons claim to be the successors of the "lost tribes,") they cried out "crucify him ! crucify him ! Give us Barrabas rather than Christ to reign over us ! The San Francisco saints exclaim, " Give us Sam Brannan to reign over us," and for ought I know Brannan may be a corruption of Barrabas, and Sam may be lineally descended from the great Jewish pet. When those worthy prototypes - and, to a great extent, progenitors of our bloodthirsty commit- tee - haled to death the Son of man, doubtless feeling of awe fell upon the spectators, as deep and solemn as that so graphically portrayed by our venal and corrupt press, when, with base, pandering servility, with fulsome, sickening adulation, they lauded the tragic murders of the wretched Jenkins and Stewart. God grant that the women of San Francisco may not soon have cause to weep and wail for themselves and their children, rather than for the slaughtered victim of the unfettered bloodhounds who are now law- lessly dealing death and fate among us ! God grant that the day may not soon come when they shall say, " Blessed are the wombs which never conceived, and the breasts which never gave suck !" - when we shall all have cause to "say to the mountains, fall upon us ; and to the hills hide us" from the Vigilance Committee. God grant that some future Tacitus or Josephus, when writting our history, may not have occasion to record horrors us dreadful as those brought upon the devoted inhabitants of Jerusalem by her bloody-minded "best and most influential citizens !" Am I indulging in morbid fancies or prating of idle and imaginary fears? - of evils not inci- dent to the present state of mankind ? Trans- port your minds from the doomed city of Jerusa- em to Paris and the late French Republic. Pass over an interval of eighteen hundred years, and come down to.the days of Danton, Marat, Couthon Robespierre, and the Vigilance Committee of the capital of France, then the centre of European civilization, learning and philosophy. There, too, in the beginning, "feelings of awe and solemnity fell upon the spectators" as they beheld the beauty and chivalry of France - brave men and beautiful women — led to death at the fiat of a lawless and irresponsible committee. But, like the tiger that has once tasted human blood, the excited and unrestrained, multitude suddenly ac- quired a keen and fierce appetite for carnage and havoc, which could be - not satiated, but fatigued \- only by daily libations of " blood ! blood ! ! blood ! ! !"- aye, the blood of the brave, of the beautiful and of the gifted, until fair France became one vast, human slaughter-house, and men were fain to seek shelter beneath the iron despotism of a military chieftain. .(Great sensa- tion.) Men and brethren, awake from your false security. Heed not those hireling and corrupt editors who persuade you to surrender to the patriotic and disinterested Vigilance Committee the custody of your character, your property, your liberty, and your lives. Heed not the crocodile lamentations and hyena howlings over petty crimes, of those vampyres who " at mid- night drain the stream of life" in your midst, and at midday repeat their horrid orgies with triumphant demonstrations. Murder—murder, ten-fold more damnable than felonious indivi- dual homicide—stalks your streets, not shroud- ing its hideous aspect in murky darkness, not screening its blood-stained hand in secret lurk- ing places; but with brazen front," in the open glare of day, defying and trampling upon your constitution. and laws, and laughing to scorn the solemn mandates of your highest courts of judicature. Grant, if you please, that crime abounds in our midst. Grant that thieves, robbers, incen- diaries, and homicides infest our community, Grant even that these malefactors have gone "unwhipt of justice," and that the law has failed to protect us from their depredations. What then ? "Must crimes be punished but by greater criminals ?" Sores, blotches, and ulcers are very disagreeable and very annoying to the natural body of man ; but so long as the general health remains untainted, he easily en- dures them, and performs his destined part in the theatre of life : but, when the heart is dis- eased, when once the source of life, and health, and vigour, is tainted, the man speedily dies, and becomes a loathsome and disgusting corse. So, too, malefactors or criminals are unseemly and troublesome excrescences upon the body of the social community ; but they do not essentially obstruct the general welfare so long as the vital organs of society are not paralysed or destroyed ; but when mobocracy usurps and guides the reins of government—when law- less combinations of individuals seize upon and wield the sovereign power—when self constituted Vigilance Committees array themselves against the lawful autho- rities voluntarily ordained by the whole people, then the heart, and life seat of society becomes corrupted ; and the death and utter de- composition of the political body must speedily follow. If it be true, (and who dare dispute it?) that the only foundation of human right to pun- ish offenders is, (not revenge—not the gratifica- tion of a ferocious appetite for blood and death,) but the securing the general safety and peace of society, then are the Vigilance Committee ten- fold more worthy of death than were the wretched Jenkins and Stewart, even conceding those mi- semble victims to have been as guilty as reported ; and why? Because they have done a hundred fold more to injure society at large, to paralyze its functions, to destroy its objects, and to render it an intolerable curse, than all the individual malefactors that have infested our land since the shores of California were first trodden by the foot of an American. And yet we are unblushingly told, that they must be excused, justified, and even applauded, that we must pay homage to them as public benefactors, because, it is said, they intended well, and "did evil only that good might come.'' Did not the bigoted Catholics intend well, when, in the reign of Charles the Eight, (if I remember right) at the tolling of a Church bell they caused the French Protestants, without distinction of age or sex, to be indiscrimi- nately butchered ? Did not the Directors of the Spanish Inquisition intend well, when, in their zeal for the true faith, they immolated heretics at the stake? Did not the Mahometans intend well, when fulfilling the command of their Pro- phet, they "sought the surest pass to Turkish heaven," by slaughtering hosts of Christian dogs, who refused to worship the Arabian Impostor ? Why, gentlemen, it was long ago said, that even "Hell Itself is paved with good intentions !" and never was there a maxim importing a more in- structive though melancholy truth. Yes, gentle- men, a venal and worldly minded missionary, ex- changing (as it is said) the heathen and thriftless field in which he was sent forth to labour, for the glittering mines of California, choosing to serve Mammon rather than God, and preferring the patronage of "our best and most influential citi- zens," to the wages of righteousness, he may defile the holy tabernacle of religion, and like the Devll to whom he has sold himself, quote Scrip- ture in support of iniquity ; he, by his cunning and faithless interpretations (as did the Jewish priests by their traditions), may make the laws of God and man of no effect when they come in con- flict with the wicked purposes of his "respect- able" patrons—a corrupt and hireling press, dependant for bread and pelf upon those same "best and most influential citizens,'' may prate Jacobinical and disorganising absurdities about "the higher law," and publish fulsome and dis- gusting panegyrics in behalf of lawless associa- tion of men, confessedly guilty of murder of the blackest dye. Nay more—those guilty men themselves blinded by their own fury, and elated by the flattery of their hireling sycophants and servile panderers, may now feel and believe that they can justify the dreadful crimes they have committed; but the hour is rapidly approaching when they must render an account of those awful deeds, to conscience and to God; and when no false ministers or corrupt editors will be able to hide the naked and frightful deformity of their iniquity. Then when death—death which, though "the haughty brave, the weak must bear, the wretch must crave,'', is, nevertheless, the great and paramount object of human terror, - when gloomy and inex- orable death, armed with all his terrors, shall frown over their prostrate bodies-—in that dread- ful hour, "when conscience must embrace the thought that comprehends woe without name, or hope, or end,' when the mind riven by remorse "shall writhe like the scorpion girt by fire, dark- ness above, despair beneath, around it flame within it death ;" when even "penitence hath lost her power to wring one terror from the grave," then will the pallid ghosts of their mur- dered victims, " sit heavy on their flitting souls, and, as did the phantoms of Bosworth Field to the bloody Richard, with "gnashing teeth and haggard lip,'' bid them "despair and die,''- bid them "to their sullen grave, go, and with ghouls and afrits rave, till these in horror shrink away, from spectres more accursed than they." And shall those blood-stained men be allowed to assert and maintain, in behalf of their asso- ciates, an exemption from legal liability for gross and wanton outrages upon the most sacred rights of our citizens ? Shall the members of that band of felons and traitors against the laws of God and their country, be permitted to claim license and indulgence to wrong individuals with impunity, upon the sham and insolent plea that they are organised and acting for the public good? " The public good !" Great God, gentlemen. how long will our corrupt editors abuse and in- sult us with their shameless and absurd false- hoods as to " the great good accomplished by the stern and inflexible, the noble-minded and never- enough- to-be-rewarded Vigilance Committee ?" What have those mushroom noblemen--those sweet-scented, starch-collared, counter-jumping aristocracy, who, in one short night, by the foul purchase of a goodly quantity of dirty ink, and printing materials, became suddenly metamor- phosed from cheating haberdashers and close-fist- ed and soulless money-dealers, into " an august body of patriotic noblemen "- in the name of sense, what good have they accomplished for the community, that they thus, with haughty and su- percilious air, challenge for themselves the high- est niche in the pantheon of our plebeian affec- tions? Why, forsooth, they have kidnapped some half dozen poor devils, suspected of roguish propensities ! But whence came the gloom, the despondency, the moral nightmare that now op- press our late buoyant and elastio land ? Ah gentlemen, our phoenix-like city could emerge with increased energy and vigour, from the ashes of repented conflagrations. Commercial failures and pecuniary embarrassments had no visible effect in retarding our onward progress. "The nations saw and wondered '' at our rapid and bril- liant career. From every land and clime, men were turning their thoughts and wending their steps towards Califurnia. The "star of empire' shone with dazzling splendour over our land, luring to our shores the brave and the gifted, the chi- valry and the enterprise of the world. " Good men and true'' were seeking homes in our midst, for themselves and for their children. They were willing to encounter fatigue, privation, and dan- ger ; they were not dismayed by rapidly succeed- ing disasters, and the supposed prevalence of in- dividual outrage and crime ; but now, panic stricken by the impending and threatening tem- pest that darkly lowers in our social atmosphere, they are thronging, in crowds, every departing steamer, hurriedly "shaking from their foot the dust" of our disorganised city, and seeking in other lands a home where no lawless and bloody minded Vigilance Committee will dare molest, or make them afraid. Away, then, with the canting hypocrisy, the absurd and insulting falsehoods as to the "great public good accomplished by the Committee.'' I tell you gentlemen, and I tell you truly, that all the fires that have so often wrapped our city in flames, and laid in ashes her edifices, and all the fires that may or can occur for the next five years, should they even become ten-fold more frequent and destructive than they have been, have not done, nor can they do, one tenth part as much to obstruct and blight our public welfare and prosperity, as has already been, effected by our mischievous and accursed Vigi- lance Committee. But let me ask, what do our immaculate re- formers purpose to accomplish ? To extirpate the evil propensities of mankind, and entirely to rid our community of evil doers ? Who ever saw, read, or heard tell of any community, in any age or land, that was not infested with malefactors? It is folly and madness to suppose the possibility of such a state of society, so long as our world shall continue to be the theatre in which "man, of the mixed essence wherewith he was created, makes a conflict between good and evil." "The first man born into the world murdered the second,' and from that age to the present, murder and other crimes have abounded in every land and clime, and in spite of the best possible laws, and the most upright and efficient adminis- tration of them, will continue to abound until time shall be no more. ' But, gentlemen, are our Committee, actuated only by the pure purposes and laudable objects attributed to them by their base panderers? - the servile editors, who convert a public press into a public nuisance; the canting, hypocritical, pulpit jugglers, who outrage common decency by indis- criminate and shameless libels upon the law and its ministers, and insult God and man by prosti- tuting their sacred functions to maintain a wicked and treasonable combination of insolent usurpers. They howl over the inefficiency of the law. They cry out that our judges are incompetent and faithless ; and therefore they have seized into their hands the reins of government, and the cus- tody of the public welfare. Do you believe that these false croakers really desire an efficient ad- ministration of justice ? "Justice ?" God Al- mighty have mercy on their souls when Justice shall resume her awful sway ! Justice "is just what they are afraid of !" A lawyer, a gentle- man, a scholar, and a man that would ornament any society, and add lustre to any bench, presides over our Court of Sessions. But a few days since in the discharge of his sworn duty as a magis- trate, he called the attention of the Grand Jury to the foul murder of Stuart. He declared to them the undoubted law, as it is expounded by Bracton, Dalton, Coke, Finch, Hale, Hawkins, Blackstone, and the other, "grave and sad men'' who constitute the landmarks of our criminal jurisprudence. "Wantonly to kill the greatest of malefactors, a felon or a traitor, attainted, or outlawed, de- liberately, uncompelled, and extra-judically, is murder. And further, if judgment of death be given by a judge not authorised by lawful com- mission, and execution is done accordingly, the judge is guilty of murder. Also, such judgment, when legal, must be executed by the proper offi- cer, or his appolnted deputy; for no one else is required by law to do it, which requisition it is that justifies the homicide. If another person does it of his own head, it is held to be murder, even though it be the judge himself.''- [Bl. Com. 178-9. Here, then, we see at least one judge faithfully and ably discharging the high and solemn func- tion with which he has been entrusted for the public good. Forthwith, the whole yelping pack, from the huge mastiff to the "cur of low degree.' from the sleek and pampered spaniel to the surly and malevolent hound, deafen our ears with voci- ferous and discordant howlings because we have a judge who dares assert "truisms which no man disputes," and attempts to enforce the acknow- ledged law, even when it proves distasteful to our "best and most influential citizens." Every species of abuse, ridicule, and indecent scurrility has been hurled against that able and conscien- tious judge by the truckling Guildensterns who bow before our Juggernaut Committee—-that huge and portentous monster which has now be- come a "massive wheel—fixed on the summit of the highest mount—to whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things are mortised and ad- joined." No, gentlemen, those purse proud up- starts desire only the utter prostration of "awful rule and right supremacy," and the substitution of themselves as our arbiters of right and wrong. And what security have you that they will prove more competent or faithful than the judges they so rabidly denounce ? Are they not mere men, composed of the same, flesh and blood, and subject to the like frailties and infirmities, as are the judges and officers upon whom the whole people have willingly devolved the administration of justice ? Is it not grossly and stupidly absurd to suppose that a self-con- stituted association of individuals, without ex- perience in their usurped functions, blinded by excitement, acknowledging no law but their own will, and unrestrained by any feeling of indivi- dual responsibility for the secret determinations of an invisible and intangible body—is it not absurd to suppose that such an association of individuals can be more safely trusted with the awful attri- butes of sovereignty than the men selected by the entire community for their supposed fitness and qualifications, acting openly, in view of the whole public, individually and separately respon- sible, each for his own acts, and impelled to do right and restrained from doing wrong as well by the obligation of their official oaths, as by the consciousness that their professional and private reputation and prospects in life depend upon the faithful and efficient discharge of their public duty ? " What judgment would step from this to this ?" But, gentlemen, note the qualifications of a Committee-man, as vauntingly, shamlessly pro- mulgated by one of their brawling partizans, the Stockton Journal. After saying that he " had placed them high before—even as high as the plat- form of "Justice" he tells us that when he wit- nessed the murder of Stuart it warmed his heart with admiration of those stern and inflexible men who proved themselves so capable of cold-blooded outrage and massacre, and forthwith the commit- tee rose still higher- "even in his estimation'' far above "the platform of Justice." But hear him as to the qualifications of a Committee man. "No person is admitted to the association until he has undergone the strictest scrutiny as to re- putation, and then" - though of good reputation - "if not deemed firm and efficient, he is rejected. "If found weak in his support of the Committee" though firm and efficient - "or loose of soul" - if he shrinks from murder and treason, "he is expell- ed." But mark, gentlemen, the horrid brutality of sentiment and feeling engendered by these bloody-minded associations as manifested by the same editor in describing the ruthless massacre, by one of the numerous Vigilance Committees formed throughout the State upon the model of ours, of a Spanish female on the next day after the Stuart tragedy, for the alleged offence of kill- ing a ruffian while in the act of grossly insulting her, "She was immediately arrested, tried, sen- tenced, and hung; at 4 o'clock in the afternoon of thoe same day. She did not exhibit the least fear, walking up a small ladder to the scaffold, and placing the rope round her neck with her own hands, first gracefully removing two plaits of ra- ven black hair from her shoulders to make room for the fatal cord. Some five or six hundred wit- nessed the execution." Thus, with sarcastic lev- ity and fiendish exultation, a public editor gloats over the details of the most shocking barbarity to be found in the annals of any civilized country. Such brutality is enough to make one "seeing this, and having human feelings, blush, and hang his head to think himself a man !" Such, gentlemen, is the monstrous association to whose custody we are sought to he bullied into surrendering our lives, and all that renders life valuable. Surrendering, did I say ? We are al- ready captured. The landmarks of right, and property, and, freedom are trodden down. The Committee have declared themselves sovereign. "Who will now dare shout for the supremacy of the law ?" insolently bawls one of their pernicious creatures ! Judges may frown, and men of the law may growl, but the will of the committee shall be supreme," exclaims another catiff hire- ling ! Your Supreme Court has been mocked, scorned and defied ; and even the sacred writ of Habeas Corpus has fallen powerless beneath the worse than despotic sway of this dreadful sove- reign ! "What a fall was there, my countrymen," when that venerable bulwark of human 'liberty fell, trampled beneath the ruthless feet of those Vandal reformers ! " Then I, and you, and all of us fell down, whilst bloody treason flourished over us !" If our puritanical Committee really desire to promote the public good by ridding the commu- nity of evil-doers, and punishing those rogues whom the law does not, or cannot reach, why do they not begin with those "large-handed rob- bers''— who "our grave masters are— and pill by law?'' Why do they not repress those greedy usurers, those rapacious leeches who drain and exhaust our substance until, in a country with a specie capital vastly greater than the richest State in the Union, we have the poorest com- munity and people on the face of God's earth? The poet Butler informs us that Hudibras — a notable member of Cromwell's Vigilance Commit- tee—had such a superabundance of logical re- sources — was so profoundly skilled in analytic— that he could demonstrate how "rooks might be Committee-men.'' But even that distinguished logician would be unable, by analysys, to explain how, and why it is, that the identical gentlemen who, last year, during the Sacramento riots, were fierce sticklers for " law and order," who then, with bristling bayonets and trenchant blades, "for flashing in their red right hands," rushed to the aid of the "best and most influential citizens," of Sacramento, eager to shed blood in asserting the supremacy of a doubtful and dis- puted law, which secured to them the monopoly of all the public lands, to the exclusion of the small squatters, how and why it is that those men are now the most prominent members of our Vigilance Committee, armed to the teeth, and ready to do battle for the subversion of the ac- knowledged law ! This singular fact, however, may afford an ex- planation of the reason why our Committee di- rect their whole prowess to the extermination of the petty rogues, without any attempt to molest the great ones. Should it also be possible that they are becoming doubtful of their own con- struction of the law for which they fought and bled last summer, that might furnish another motive for their present anxiety to subvert the law and the Courts, and thus prevent the dis- agreeable consequences that might result from the existence of a competent legal authority to oust them from their plundered acquisitions. Beware then, gentlemen, lest you experience the fate of those Israelites of old, who complained of their judges, that "they took bribes and per- verted justice, and therefore they besought their Samuel to give them a king to reign over them.'' Beware lest our Samuel also displace our judges, and substitute kings, worse than Saul, who "shall take the best of your fields, and your vineyards, and your olives, and give them to their servants;" the false sycophants who shall aid them in subverting your liberties. Beware how you permit the sovereigns of this Vigilance Com- mittee to invade and trample upon the rights of even poor Metcalf, upon the pretext that it is re- quired by the public good, or the public danger. Such is ever the tyrant's plea Remember the Athenian, who exhibited to the people self-inflicted wounds upon his person, pretending he had been assaulted and maltreated by ruffians, and persuaded them to allow him a body guard for his protection, with which (though numbering only three hundred, much less than our Vigilance Committee) he subverted the liberty of fair Athens, reduced his country- men to servitude, and secured to himself the sovereign sway, under the pretext of ridding the city of disorderly persons. Gentlemen, did you ever read Shakspeare's King Henry Sixth. I have thought I could dis- tinguish much similarity between Jack Cade and his adherent, and Sam. Braman and our reform- ers. Portions of the dialogue forcibly illustrate the character, temper, and objects of our com- mittee. Our editors need only change names with those partizans of Cade who complained that their magistrates "were no good workmen," and they might than approprlatuly quote Shakes- peare' and say to their readers, " We tell you Sam Brannan means to dress the commonwealth, and turn it, and set a new nap upon it." To those who have a morbid appetite for blood, they might say, "Only let the Vigilance Committee super- cede the Courts — then shall sin be struck down like an ox, and iniquity's throat cut like a calf, and the Committee shall have the skins of our enemies.'' Only fancy our great Mormon "dreamer" per- sonating Jack Cade, and exclaiming,, "I will ap- parel all our best and most influential citizens in the livery of the Vigilance Committee, that they may agree like brothers and worship me, their lord." Then just suppose the following dialogue from Shakspeare to take place between this saint- ly reformer and our worthy editors, and you will at once conclude that the great bard could also "dream" some, and foresaw what is now trans- piring in San Francisco. Editors — "The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers." Sam. Brannan — ' Nay, that I mean to do.' Editors — "We have a suit unto your saint-ship; only that the laws of California may come out of your mouth," Sam. — "I have thought upon it; it shall be so. Away, down with the courts, burn all the records ; my mouth shall be the parlia- ment of San Francisco." And thereupon the curtain falls, and "the shouts sent up from fierce thousands in joyous ire, almost shake the firm earth ;" and a public dinner at the Committee Room, and a complimentary flag, are voted to "Ned, the butcher.'' But now gentlemen, I must bring my argu- ment to a close. I have done my duty to my client, so far as I am able, and it now rests with you to determine whether I have done so in vain. I feel and tremble at the fearful odds arrayed against me. In earlier days, while hope was high and will was strong, when holding up the shield of the law between the oppressor and the oppressed, I have felt that I could proudly brave and scorn popular prejudice, and the outside in- fluence of wealth and power. But now that "my days are in the yellow leaf,'' and " the melan- choly telescope of truth is bringing life near in utter nakedness, making the cold reality too real," now that the leaden hand of age begins to rest heavy upon me, and sad experience has shown that the dictates of prudence are safer than the promptings of enthusiasm, I feel almost like cowering before the rage of popular clamor, and the insolence of combined wealth. But when I consider, that I am not merely pleading the cause of Peter Metcalf — an inoffensive and wronged man — but that I am also advocating the cause of you and me, and those who shall come after us in this world-known — land—that I am standing up in defence of human right and lawful freedom, against the insolent assaults of usurping wealth and its hired minions — I cannot, I will not believe that you will suffer these proud lord- lings to trample with impunity upon my injured client. And why should Metcalf be denied redress in our courts? Because he is an Englishman, and emigrated hither from Sydney? Why, you and I are also emigrants, and as much foreigners to this land as is the plaintiff. Have you forgotten that the brave Montgomery, the chivalrous La- fayette, the heroic De Kalb, Kosciusko, and many very many other choice spirits who aided in achieving our independence, were emigrants and foreigners to our soil? Have you forgotten that during the dark hour of our revolution, America had no friends more true and devoted than Barre, Fox, Burke, Chatham, and that host of other patriotic and noble-minded Englishmen, whose trumpet-voices in our behalf so often reverberated in tones of thunder within the walls of Parlia- ment ? But, gentlemen, I am not making a Fourth of July oration. I will dismiss this topic with reminding you that most of our own revered ancestors were also English emigrants. And who need blush to own for his birth place glorious old England ? the land of Bacon, Hardwicke, and Erskine, the home of Milton, Shakspeare, Byron, the nation of Marlborough, Nelson, and Wellington. Peter Metcalf, a plain, honest, unpretending English yeoman, emigrated to California. He brought with him his wife and children, declared his intention of becoming a citizen of the United States, pursuant to our naturalisation laws and selected San Francisco for the permanent home of himself and his family. For two years, he, his wife, his daughter, and his son, have laboured among us, and by unre- mittent toil and industry, have acquired a home and a competency — not only doing no wrong, but constituting a portion of our most useful and truly respectable citizens; while their honest and hard-earned acquisitions remain with us, and form a part of the only actual wealth of our community. Argenti —a potent and omin- ous name. Argenti — a foreigner, but not an Englishman — not a plain, hard-fisted working man or producer, but a sharp-witted Jewish money-dealer — he also emigrated to California, and has succeeded in fleecing our people of piles of gold — not to remain or be circulated here, and thus promote our good or add to the general wealth, but to be consigned, by every departing steamer, to foreign lands. He brought with him nor wife nor child. He did, however, take to himself a wanton harlot ; who, vain of her gaudy finery, and proud of the protection of her wealthy paramour, look down with insolent scorn upon humble and unpretending virtue. At the capri- cious mandate of that shameless whore, Argenti, that "best and most influential citizen," and the other defendant, summoning to their aid some fifty of the "stern and inflexible Commit- tee," armed with revolvers, place themselves under the petticoat banner of this foul hag, and in defiance of law, decency, and humanity, at the dead hour of night, follow her filthy steps into the peaceful dwelling of honesty, virtue, and chastity, and with shameless brutality, force from their beds a chaste wife and virtuous daughter ; and wantonly commit outrages so gross and in- sulting as scarcely to be credible. Gentlemen cram down the false throats of our lying editors, their slanderous brags, "that no jury will dare award one hundred dollars damages" for this wanton, and unparalleled outrage. Bleed these purse proud lordlings to the last cent of the twenty thousand dollars claimed by this com- plaint, and you will perform an act not only of limited justice between these parties, but one of which yourselves, and the community, and the whole civilized world will long, and justly be proud, l am done. At the conclusion of the argument, the jury withdrew in the custody of the sheriff, and re- mained out till 9 o'clock on Saturday evening, when they came Into court, and reported through their foreman, Theodore Payne, Esq., that they could not agree upon a verdict, whereupon they were discharged by the court. MASSACHUSETTS.-The Whig papers are announcing their favourite candidates for Governor at the ensuing fall election. The Lowell Courier names Mr. Ashmun as its first choice, and Mr. Clifford, the present Attorney-General, in case Mr. Ashmun is not acceptable to the party. The Salem Register comes out strongly in favor of Robert C. Winthrop. 