Portraits cf the People. [BY OSE OF THEMSELVES.] ! I-THE LITE HARY MAN. Ho has an absent jaded look, reading manu- scripts as ho walks along tho street, or carrying a bundle of them under his arm pressed anxiously against his side, as if any body in tho world cared a curse about such documents, or was ass enough to wish to steal them. In his peripa- tetic studies he often comes in violent collision with market women, butchers' boys, ct hoc genus omni,-run» foul of orphan girls in tho lieipht of their gaudy splendour, smashing pair o' sol ff, and seriously deranging the heart-scalding green and scarlet finery of the Inst now bonnet,-and lastly, to crown all his misadventures, possibly bumps rudely against some philanthropic^! mer- chant, whoso mind is, perhaps, jnst at that mo- ment, busily occupied in thu concoction of a monopoly. In every such encounter the Lite- rary Man comes off second best, and execrations both loud and deep aro frequently tho only ro ? joiudcrs to his bland apologies. Ile comes home late, because he bas boen rummaging public libraries lor some unheard of work or other, and driving staid and respectable booksellers half distracted by all sorts of impossiblo orders and requests. Ile finds his dinner cold, and his zea- lous wifo cross in consequence ; but not long, for the Literary Man, though intensely irritable, is not i 1-natured, and his contrition (or having spoilt a gastronomic chef d'atwrc is very great indeed,-at least ho is anxious to make it appear so. After dinner ho writes, after tea he writes, -no entreaties can prevent him doing that. and so on nnd on to tho disgust and smothered indignation of tho aforesaid wife, who declare», with tears in her eyes, that goodness only knows wliat it'is to have a literary husband, Why she never sees him for half an hour together without that hateful pen in his hand jotting down-some- thing, and writhing impatiently in his chair every timo tho child cries a little. But has she nothing to interrupt tho monotony of such un existence P O yes, at times sho is obligingly set to copy lon ir paragraphs, as to the uso and pur- port of which sho has not the faintost idea. It may bo about poetry, or history, or education f;oodness knows-she can't tell you. When she sst put a few questions to Charles on ono of theso occasions, ho explnined to her everything so elaborately that her poor head aches at tho recollection. There, don't you hear him now, wandering up and down liko a ghost in tho room over-head ? That low murmuring sound would not alarm you, if yon wero as used to it ns th« is. Ile is muttering over what ho has written to seo how it reads. Hush-hero ho comes, doubtless to read over what ho has " worked up" in its final shape ;-ond tho poor wife, who devoutly thinks that her husband would bo a re- pository of human excellence if ho would but give up literature, disposes herself to liston with a smile and a sigh. Tho Literary Man hates politics-of coiirso ho does,-is absolutely indifferent to the merits oven of tho Electoral Bill, and indeed every other bill, except those ho has to pay,-you may bo suro he does not like tAim. Ile " de- tests this eternal bother about Immigration, Transportation, and all that sort of thing." The only paper ho cares about is Hell's Life, except when restless and unablo to sleep at night, whon ho forces himself to go through n column of tho Sydney Hominy Herald, medi- cinally, just before goinst to bed. He recom- mends tho" Contributions from Home," occa- sionally appearing in that respectable but not very lively journal, ns being next to tho i " leaders"" there of most invaluable soporifics.' Ile rather likes Politics and Ilcr.ildic stupidity, however, in comparison to conversation about trado. With him " wool" is always dull, " fat | bullocks" a nuisance, " light goods" heavy, and " the Rito of exchange" below par. In his dress and his toilet generally, the Lite- rary Man is often careless to a fault, and is ac- cordingly gond naturedly censured as guilty of affectation therein, a ohargo which ho some- times hears with astonishment, and for a day or two sedulously attempts to pleaso every body but without success. As to how ho gets his living, there is a mystery about it, for to use a slang phraso (which would make him shudder) he tinki the shop. " * * As to what ho writes, it is sometimes read nnd admired, but more often ! passed hy unnoticed, and unless fostered by n. I patronago. unusual if not wholly obsolete, lives in obscurity, a quiet, inoffensive hoing, rarely j gaining as a reward for his exertions anything Imoro than tho empty name and chnracter of n. LITKU.UIT MAS. 