SreliitiH. GREAT CATHOLIC MEETING IN ST. MICHAEL S, LIMERICK. (From the Dublin Freeman's Journal.) Ihe Catholic citizens of Limerick, true to their faith and steadfast in the sustentation of religious liberty, spoke out thus nobly, manfullv, unequivo cally. For the first time for more than twenty years, the necessity was forced upon them of stand ing up to resist penal restrictions, and hurl defiance against the intolerant laws of a hostile govern ment. St. Michael's was now, as in the anti emancipation days, selected as the most fitting theatre for such demonstration ; and to prove the interest felt in the proceedings it is only necessary to state that all parts of that magnificent church — aisles, transepts, and galleries, were filled by citizens representing all classes of the community. The centre gallery was specially reserved for ladies — they, too, evinced their indignation at the premier's aggression, and their horror of the demon howl of English bigotry, by attending in Jarge numbers, and demonstrating their approval of the sentiments uttered and the resolutions adopted at the meeting. A large and commodions platform was erected immediately without the sanctuary for the aecomo dation of those who took the most prominent part in the proceedings. The utmost unanimity of feeling prevailed among all present, and the strongest determination was evinced to resist any aggression on the rights of their x'eligion. On the motion of Mr. Michael Quinn, seeonded by Mr. Joseph B. Kennedy, the chair was taken by the Right Worshipful the Mayor of Limerick. The Right Rev. Dr. Ryan, Roman Catholic Lord Bishop of Limerick, who occupied a seat at the foot of the altar, then rose amid loud demonstra tions of applause, and said — Mr. Mayor and gen tlemen, before you proceed to the business which has brought you together on this day I deem it my duty to address to you a few words in explana 'uu i-* me uujcolo we Jiavc ill \iew} ctUU OI die duties we have to perform on this occasion (hear, hear). I must indeed designate the occasion a very melancholy one. I must designate its neces sity as one that I consscler will do very great in jury to the state of society in these' kingdoms (hear hear). We are assembled here to protect ourselves against what I think may be designated a very injurious law — injurious to our rights, in jurious to our liberties — against an attempt at religious coercion that ought not to have been made (hear, hear, and cheers). I am quite con vinced that in what has occurred there has been.no attempt to violate the laws of the country, nor any wish or desire to oppose the prerogatives or rights of the crown (hear, hear). What is the Catholic BisliOD of Westminster, or the Catholic. Ait.1i bishop ? If it be found that any prelate or pre lates have been appointed with ecclesiastical titles, I ask any man upon whom is the intrusion (hear, hear) ? Is the intrusion upon any man's property or character — upon anything that any man pos sesses (hear, hear) ? la there any intrusion upon a single acre of ground ? No. But because an ecclesiastic is appointed to superintend the spiri tual concerns of a certain district named and com prehended in the title of the Archbishop of West minster where, I ask, is the prerogative of the crown invaded ? The crown does not say — and if it did say that they have any right or any juris diction over our spiritual concerns there then would be some meaning in it. But the crown knows full well — the government of the country knows full well — tho Queen on her throne knows full well — tkat wo Catholics -Jo not recognise any spiritual power or authority in the person that fills the throne. We recognise, however, temporal autho rity in her with as much warmth and loyalty as any other class of her people. There is no power, I say here, but from God. I do not recognise that the Queen of England has any spiritual power from God ; but I recognise in her a temporal and a worldly power from the Almighty — and I have come to the conclusion of giving to Caasar the things that belong to Caesar, and to God the things that belong to God. Here are the li es of demar cation — those lines distinguish one from tli8 other. The Queen of England has no subject more anxions to establish for her the power that I admit shs has from the Almighty — the power she holds as su preme ruler in all worldly and temporal matters. Our Saviour said His kingdom was not of this world ; there are two kindoms— the- one: governed by Christ, and the other by the Queen of England. It would be a usurpation on her part as far as she is concerned to attempt to govern the kingdom of Christ — while our duty to the church teaches us that we should not usurp any worldly power she possesses it teaches us to '? give to Caesar what belongs to CsEsar.' The reason that is given then for the revival of these very severe laws against us is, that we we did not conduct ourselves in a man ner that was pleasing agreeable to tho e high in power. It has been asserted that we opposed the laws of the land — it has been asserted that the ccelesiastics assembled at the Synod of Thurles opposed the act of parliament. Now, let us examine these assemblies a little, and we will find that if we have been guilty, we have brothers in guilt. The Protestant bishops have been as guilty as we were, because it is well known that the Protestant bishops have given a most decided opposition to the systemof education established for the poor — established by an act of parliament, and supported by the taxation of the public. Ought not land the other prelates be at all events more excused. We but find fault with the education of these colleges- These prelates gave an opinion according to their judgement and the dictates of their con sciences. I say in that we were more excusable than the Protestant bishops, because the Protestant bishops ought to have known full well that the laws respecting education, which they opposed, wcrA nnt. in si dp. wif.li a snii'if: in nnv wnv tn An themselves or their religion any harm or injury ; while the Catholic prelates had every reason to suspect that legislation for them in this couutry, though apparently in our favour, was still not made with that sincerity calculated to infuse con fidence into the minds of the people. Again, it may be mentioned, that all the Protestant bishops of Ireland did not oppose the system of national edu cation — they did not all oppose the system intended, and carried into effect for the good of the poor of the country. On the other hand, all the Catholic prelates did not oppose the Queen's colleges. Num bers of them were anxious to give these colleges a fair trial, and afford to the country the benefits of such a fine system of instruction. Gentlemen, then let us consider who the Archbishop of Westminster, Dr. Wiseman, is. He is merely a person to teach and to administer the Catholic religion. He does not want and does not intend to offer opposition to any power in existence. The Catholic church does want to do so — the Catholic church only in tends her ministers and her hierarchy for the pur pose of that kingdom which does not belong to this world. Gentlemen, if there be tyranny in the church it ought not to be tolerated — it ought to be grappled with. But do you know of its existence ? (cries of no, no) ? Have you felt the tyranny (no, no) ? Show me any part of Ireland or England where religion is'or has been carried on in any manner that could bear hard upon any person ? There may be some few instances of persons amongst Catholics, so heretical and infidel in their opinions and tendencies that they would find any yoke too heavy, any words of advice too distasteful and more than they could bear. If .there be such persons, they make but a small portion indeed of Catholics — a small exception to the general body. Indeed I may venture to assert that one Catholic in five hundred in England and Ireland does not find fault with the government of their church (loud cheers.) But again they say they do not mean to intrude upon religious liberty — that they do not intend to intrude upon the privileges of the laity. Let us examine this again, and see whether it is an intrusion or not. The Catholic church re quires as essential to her welfarg and government a hierarchy — every thing essential to promote religion, if it be restricted or interfered with, is not that an intrusion upon religious liberty (cheers) ? If you have not a bishop or a priest, or a deacon, can the business of the church be carried out? Can you have the sacraments of your church without a hierarchy (no, no, .and hear) ? Is it not your opinion that the sacraments are the channels of God's grace ? Then, again, if you have not a bishop you cannot have a priest ; and if you have not a priest how can you have the benefit of the sacra ments of the Holy Eucharist— of that institution that Christ left to us a3 one of the greatest blessings left to man — an institution by which God comes into our souls to dwell in us and vve in him (hear, hear, and applause) ? No government of man can interfere with those institutions, because it is the gift of God, and we will obey God's ordinance rather than man's law (loud cheers). Tyranny always couuteracicu us vwn euoi is ^neai j. xi is most injurious to authority to establish laws that every man must Bay are not binding on his con science, that every man will evade as far as he can (cheers). It is injurious to establish laws that in sult a community; and in every point of view, I am afraid that if this legislation come into effect it will be productive of bad' results — it will be a stigma upon the enlightenment of the Iflth century— -a le gislation which one-third of her Majesty's subjects will feel bound to evade — subjects, too, who are as devoted to her in every point as any other of her subjects (cries of hear, hear.) Then, it iriay be said that the great objection is this, that any foreign prelate or foreign potentate should assume any jurisdiction within the circumference of these realms. ! The authority of the Pope they may attack as they | please ; but it is as essential to the Catholic church ? according to the principles of Catholicity as any | other part or portion of her doctrine (hear, hear). We consider if we had not such a head, we would be carried about by every wind of doctrine as those have been who are under no such jurisdiction. It is our doctrine that his is a divine institution— -it is our doctrine that one of the apostles was established in a : peculiar way to govern the other— it is our doctrine that such a head is useful and necessary ; therefore we shall never give.np'or' compromise the headship of the Pope — he is' biif 'Jvead in' spiritual matters ; we are bound to b'ear'his voice, bound to follow him, and obey his advice %'in ixiattert and things of a spiritual nature (cheers).. .Why, we do attribute so much spiritual power to the Pope as others do to merely a lay person (hear, hear.). If the Popo were to say instead of seven sacraments there are eight, or only six, the voice of universal Catholicity would cry out against him, anj. say the man is in error, or deranged (hear.) If the Pope were to say to us, there is the sacrament of baptism — there is no regeneration in that sacrament — (loud cheers)- — that notwithstanding the words — ' U iless you be born again of water ai?d the Holy Ghost, you shall not have life in you.' That, I say, not withstanding these words of the Godhead, baptism was not necessary, we would at once protest against such a doctrine. Although the Pope is the head of the church and the successor of St. Peter, yet he has not the power to give any definition contrary to what the universal church has received. But in spiritual matters in other churches and in matters deemed of pecuniary importance I find that a tem poral power and a law power decides that a sacra ment is to be understood as a certain form, although that form is opposed to what has been believed for centuries (Gheers,) So then we are accused of obeying a head, which head has authority by divine, while others obey a head where it would be very hard to show that in spiritual matters that head has any power at all. These few matters having been objected to, I felt myself called upon to make allusion to them. In making them, Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen, I would wish to guard against any ex asperation of feeling — against everything like re taliation — against everything like railing for railing (hear.) ^ I declare to you I would sutler . double taliate upon the legislature or imitate them. No, imitate them not in the injury and insult offered one-third of her Majesty's subjects. And, Mr. Mayor and gentlemen, is this the moment to have recourse to severe and insulting legis'ation ; a moment when this poor, miserable country is, I may say, going to pieces ; when from the highest to the lowest amongst us there is but one prospect of poverty, misery, and want. We. at such a moment, ought to expect something better from the British parliament ; we ought to expect some thing better from the three estates, the crown, lords, and commons ; we ought to expect the promotion of good feeling, harmony, and conciliation ; that every effort should be to join the people heart and hand, and to rescue the country from misery, poverty, and misfortune (hear, hear). It 'is undeniable that from the highest to the lowest all are threatened. I assure you I see with heartfelt sorrow evidence that the gentry of the country arc melting away — the rich of a few years ago are now in poverty ; and my opinion is, that three years will not pas3 over when thousands of them will bo in as great want as the poor people themselves (hear, hear). Look at the farmers, are they not despairing? Look at the poor labourer, .who ought to be earning his bread by the sweat of his brow, and who now pines in misery in the work house 1 This is a sure and real picture ; and I do say it was one of the most shortsighted things in the world to have recourse to any proceeding that was calculated to insult — calculated to annoy — ? calculated to add affliction to affliction, and calculated to divide and separate us one from another. The true way to act would be for the rich and those under them to live as brethren — it is their duty to consider that their interests are united — that the landlord ought to be kind to the tenant — 'the tenant to the poor labouring man. These are the duties of all— much more so they are the duties of the Protestant landlords of thia country. If the gentry of this country saw their own interests truly they would be bere' this day to assist us (cheers) ; for they are much more inter ested, after all in the welfare and harmony of the country that you are. The more a iriau has property and estates the more it is his interest to promote in every way the peace of the country and the comfort of the people (hear, hear). But the government seem to go in the policy of creating hatred instead of love — persecution instead of kind legislation. If they wanted to ruin the country they could not have atlop.ed measures more sure and certain (cheers). I regret that such was the case. I regret it for the sake of our neighbours ; I regret it for the sake of the country as well as for the persecutiou and insult offered to my religion, its hierarchy, its priesthood, and its members. As I said before, we will forgive — it is a Christian obligation ; but the difficulty is, will it be forgotten (never, never)? Will the rising generation forget it. If the legislature do not retrieve its steps, and abandon persecution, the result w'll be to produce the worst consequences — consequences which it is melancholy to* anticipate (hear, hear)* Let us hope, then, that- the legislature1 will listen to our cries ; let us hope that they are not so blind as not to see the folly of persevering in tho course they have adopted, I know your proceedings this day will be suoh as to show your feelings to the world at large, and that while yon take this course you do nothing that will offer insult to any person in power (hear, hear. May Almighty God grant you the grace to subdue your passions on thi« and to act as good subjects, and men who Talue the principles of virtue, and morality, and religion. The lord bishop resumed his seat amidst the warm cst and most enthusiaxtic cheering. The Catholic Bishop of Beverley. — The en throniZition of Dr.' Briggs, tha newly appointed Roman Catholic Bishop of Beverley, took place on the 13th Feb., at the church of St. George, York. A Steamer without Coal '—The steam frigate Queen, which made such a splendid run from Aden with the last mail, having run out of coals, was obliged, we are told, to burn her launch spars, lower deck, and many' other articles of both the gunner's and boatswain's stores to keep ter steam up !— ? Bombay Times. Swords and Ploughshares.— In 1847 the cost of agricultural labour in England was estimated at £18.200,000, For the same year tho coat of military and naval establishments — inclusive of an army of 250,000 men in India—was £18,500,000 leaving £300,000 as a balance in favour of the ploughshare, which 'employs 700,000 labourers. Visitors from America.— American visiotrs to the great Exhibition are about to he conveyed to our shores at a very commodious and economical rate. Merchant, vessels, which have accomodations for sixty passengers, are to take them the entire journey from America and back, with first-class accomo dation while on board, for £20, allowing them six weeks to remain in England. Another project, of a private kind, has been the engagement of a first rate vessel by one hundred gentlemen, who have subscribed among themselves the sum of 25,000 dollars (£5000), for its expenses, and who propose visiting London, and making the vessel their home, in which to receive visits, give parties, &c;, during their stay among us.- Art Journal. A Bebiarkable River. — The astonishing depth of the Saghuny readers it one of the most extraor dinay rivers in the world. It is the .grand outlet of the waters from the Saghuny country info the St. Lawrence, which it joins on its southern shores at above a hundred miles below Quebpo ; and although only a tributary stream, has the appearance of a long mountain lake for an extent of fifty miles, rather than that of a rirr. The scenery is of the most wild and magnificent description. Tha river varies from about a mile to two miles in breadth, and follows its impetuous course in a south-east direction through a deep valley, formed by mountains of gneiss and sientic granite, which in some places rise vertically from the water-side to an elevation of 2000 feet There is a feature attending this river which renders it a natural curiosity, and is probably the only instance of the kind. The St. Lawrence ia about eighteen miles wide at their confluence, and has a depth of about 2'16 feet. A ridge of rocks below the surface of the water, through which there is a channel about 120 feet deep, lies across the mouth of the Sighuny, within which the depth in creases to 84'0 feet ; so that the bed of the Saghuny is absolutely 700 feet below that of the St. Lawrence, into which it falls; — a depth which is preserved many miles up the river. So extraordinary a feature could only occur in a rocky country, such a9 is found in some part3 of Canada, where the beauties of nature are displayed in their, wildest form,— Spectator. ... Roman Banditti — The following letter in the Daily News dascribes a most daring act :— ' Rome, January 31. — I. have to relate a most singular and almost incredible fact, the authenticity of which, however, is established by the most incontestable evidence, including that of official reports, On the 25th of this month, the theatrical corps of Forlini i'opoli was playing the ' Death of Crasar,' Forlini Popoli is a small town of about 4000 inhabitants, en fslosed by a high wali, entered by two gates, and scarcely three miles from the town of Forli, of which it is a kind of suburb. By eight in the evening, the hour when the theatres open in Itaty, all movement has disappeared from the streets, windows are closed and the inhabitants have retired to their homes, the coffee-houses or theatres. The first act of the piece hail terminated, and the curtain had just fallen, when suddenly it rose and disclosed — instead of the actors, who had disappeared — ten brigands of the band del Passatore, who, armed with muskets and carbines levelled them so as to command the entire range of the pit and boxes. At the same moment, another party, consisting of 30 brigands, made their appear ance on the floor of the house, the issues of which ?were guarded, and armed with sables and pistols, menaced the epectator3. A mojnont of stupor, during which no one dare move, elapsed, when tho chief of the brigands advanced to the foot-lights, and, exhibiting the keys of the two gates of the town said.— '? Gentlemen, you eee by these. that you are entirely in our power; any resistance on your part would lead to disasters which I should be the first to deplore, but which it depends on you to avert. Listen, then, to what I have to say. I am about to. call out the names of several among jou;as 1 pronounce a name, let him who bears it step forth from his box and repair to his house, in company with one or tsvo of my friends, who will assist him to bring hither all his hoards, and that without defraud. ug us of a pcrretto.' This said, the orator displayed a paper, and commenced reading the fatal roll. Submission was inevitable. A dozen car bineers formed the sole police of Forlini- Popoli. Six oKlieae were in the theatre and had been gagged by the brigands. The six others, surprised in their Ruarcl-liouse, had ventured a, vain resistance. The burgomaster was the first victim. Some time waa of course required for this operation, which did not terminate before aquatter to twelve. It was probable to shorten the agony of the pit and boxes that two brigands went from spectator to 8[ect;itor, collect ing hatfuls of watches, purses, chains, rings, and even umbrellas, When the harvest was gathered and the. booty had been heaped up on the stage, the brigands allowed the curtain to fall, and quietly withdiew, carrying all with them. The money tuu3 obtained amounted to 7000 Roman piasters, or ahout 40,000 franca and the bijoux, objaeis of arr, Etc , at double that sum. Tho next, day an Austrian detachment set out in pursuit of the band, which had probably dispersed by that time in the mount ains or passed the Tuscan frontier. Their number »3 supposed to have been about three or four hundred. wmmThe Scotsman. Wanderings of a Deaf and Dumb Man.— A Nante3Journal relates the following almost incredible st ry of the peregrinations of a deaf and dumb man at Le Mans. He was in the employ of an in keeper' of thai; ' place, and obtained permission from his master to go and attend the funeral of an acquaint ance at about a league distance from his home. On his return he was set down at a very short distance from his house, but missed hi3 road, and went on walking until he foand himself in a country where he was unknown. As he could neither give nor receive any precise indications he travelled through France ia the midst of all the disorders of the revolution, arrived as far as the frontier of Switzerland, thence went to Toulon, and along the coast of the Me diterranean as far as the Pyrenees, entered Spain, returnee] again into France, was put into prison at Bordeaux for vagabondage, was afterwards set at liberty, and again arrested in the neighbourhood of Nantes, where he afc last found means to put an end to his wandering?. He was taken to the Deaf and Dumb Asylum of St. Jacques, where he succeeded in pointing out such particulars as to designate Le Mans as bis place of residence. He also made the teachers of the establishment understand that he lived at an inn, and that the sign of it was the Golden Ball ; and when some capital letters were placed before him, he picked out the letters i D OT, which he afterwards formed into the word Diot. A letter was sent to Le Mans, and two days afterwards hts master, Mr. Diot, claimed him, and expiessec the anxiety he felt at his absence, fearing that he had been assassinated. — Galignani's Messenger. Anglo-German Nobility. — The Red Book of Viencs (i' Almanack Imperial for 1851) gives the following list of British sulysc's who hold (relevent) oi the ancient Germanic or Holy Roman Empire : — Duke Albert Francis Augustus Charles Emanuel of Sixe Coburg and Goiha, naturalized in Great Btitain the 12th of February, 1840. William Basil Fielding, Earl of Denbigh, said to be decended from a branch of the Imperial House of Hapsbourg, a Count of the Holy Roman Empire ; neither patent nor date extant. Henri Benedict Arundell, Baron Arundell de Wardour, a Count of the Holy Roman Empire; creation 1601. John Count De La Feld, naturalized in Austria, descended from the|ancient Counts of that name in Alsaee, but his ancestors created a Count of the Royal Roman Empire after the battle of Zentn, 1697. Gecrge Spencer Church hill, Duka of Marl borough ; his ancestors created a Prince of the Holy Roman Empire after the battle of Blenheim , 1708. Jerome Count de Salis, natural ized in England ; descended from the ancient Counts of that name in the Grisons, but bis ancestor created a Count of the Holy Roman Empire 1748. Peter Leopold Louis Cowper, Earl Cowper ; his ancestor created a Count of the Holy Roman Empire 1758. Francis Taaffe, Viscount TaafFe, of the kingdom of Ireland, Chambarlain to the Emperor, and natural ized in Austria, a Count of the Holy Roman Empire; creation 1784. Horace St. Paul Baronettus),a Count of the H'.ly Roman Empire; creation 1786. Thomas Fremnntle.(BarouettU3) a Baron of Austria ; creation 1809. — Times. Gutta Percha Water Pipe. — A gutta percha pipe of two and a half inches calibre, and 1,000 feet in length, has been laid clown for conveying the Croton water to Blackvveh'a Island, New York. The hne extends from the foot of Seventynmth street to the island the depth of the water varying from thirty to seven feel, Tbe -engineer first arranged his pipe- in one length upon the island, and formed a iine of thirty boats, well manned, across the river. He then gave his order at the commence ment of slack water, and the enJ of the pipe was drawn across the river by men upon the opposite shore, and was taken up by the men in the boats, and one hundred and ten anchors, each weighing thirtj-two pounds, were attached to the pipe, being ten feet apart. By word of command the men in the boats lowered at each point to suit the inequalities in the bed of the river, as ascertained by previous survey. This was all accomplished in seven and one half minutes, without accident.— New York Paper. Shoeblacks. — The foreigners who will visit London during the period of the Great Exhibition are accustomed, in their own ? countries, to have their boots and shoes blacked and polished in the streets by boys, who carry boxes of blacking and brushes for that purpose ; and, in order to accomo date them in the English metropolis, a committee has been formed, to 8tart a number of deserving boys of the ' ragged schools' in this new trade. They will bo provided with the necesBary apparatus, and with, distinguishing badges, and will be under the Burveilance of the police, if the Commissioners, who have been written jto on the subject, see no objection. The charge for cleaning will be Id, pach person, and the' polishing brigade' will be establish ed in all the leading ihoroughfai eg.—- Weekly Chronicle. A Union Workhouse. — A crowd of sofa, crones, and drabs blighted maideos, and blooming children, dwell there in ' wurds' and ' dormitories,' existing by ' dietary,' fed without a host, wearied work, herding without love, and dying without a mourner. — Times. Clerical Mortality. —As a match to the case of the poaching clergyman in the west of Scotland given in our last, a correspondent re'ers to the following advertisement in the Tunes a few days ago : — ' A clergyman, who is obliged to break up his establishment, wishes to recommend his groom and ivife. To any person keeping hoi ses and cowu they would bo most vsluable servants.' Delusions. — The Morning Post says that unhappy Londoners positively live on shame, and delusions, ?l Our milk contains everything but milk, our bread is we know not what, our water full of fighting devils of most ferocious aspect, our white pepper consists chiefly of ground rice, and our black of iron fillings and the sweeping of the Custom-house floors, and the component parts of our colfee aro chicory, burnt beans, roasted wheat, coloured with burnt molasses.' 