Principles of the Protestant Reformation. As the words " Principles of the Protest- ant Reformation" have been inveighed against as an unmeanining phrase, em ployed by designing persons to overturn the Altar and the Throne, we deem it proper to state, that Protestant principles are, we trust,well understood by the mem bers of' our congregations;. and that they are especially those truths of the gospel on which the Reformation is founded, namely- 1st. The Cardinal Doctrine of Justifica tion* by Faith only, that " we are accounted righteous before God only for the merits of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, by faith, and not, either wholly or in part, for our own works or deserving,. Rejecting the doctrines of justification through the Sacraments,—of human merit,—of inherent righteousness, and of works of superero gation. 2nd. That the Holy Scripture is the sole rule of faith ;+ and that every individual has the right to read and interpret the Word of God by his own private judg ment,1 with the aid of the Holy Spirit. Denying the authority of Tradition, or the right of any Church or Minister to prescribe to individuals in matters of religion in opposition to their own judgment. 3rd. Spiritual Worship, or seeking by faith in the Redeemer all spiritual graces and gifts, believing that the Divine blessing is obtained by faith exercised in prayer and the ordinances of religion, not by any necessary and inseparable effect of such religious ordinances. Rejecting the nation termed " Opus operatum," or that external forms or ceremonies necessarily convey grace to those who receive them. theology, and the use of Catholic devotions, *adapted to the English Church,' induced him to yearn for a restoration of Christian unity." His sincere hope is that the unreasonableness and incon sistency of " High Church" principles will soon be generally apparent, and that those who are Catholics at heart will hasteir to the one fold, &e.; "'the Oxford theology has been tried, and is found want ing. 'The via media is losing its supporters one by one. They must be either Catholics or Protestants; they cannot continue any longer haif one aid half the other." " Protestants are right in calling High. Churclnnen semi-Papists, and in declaring that Oxford theology leads to Rome." * At a meeting of a sub-Conmmittee of the "Hobart Town ]]ranch Association of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge," held in:Fei bruary last, for the purpose of making a selecttion of books from the Parent Society's Catalogue, 'tract 619, entitled " The Doctrine of JastJlcifiaon Jrirjly Stated," by the itesasNT Anccnassnos' or CANTax nuasr, having been proposed by a Lay illemrer of ithe Committee, was rejected by the Rev. F. 11. Gibr and the Rtev. W. Tancred as LTninasAN Atinion soutrn.' The Tract was ordered by the sub-.Cnt mittee at a subsequent meeting, and a resolgtion passed in the General Committee of the Association depreceting the cailing in question the soundness of the Tract by the Rev. F. H. Cox and the Rev. W. Tancred, anid disavowing their rejection of it. -j "Scripture, without any commentIry," sid Luther, " is the Sun from which all doctors derive light." Such are the principles of Christianity and the Reformation. According to these revered voices, it is not the Fathers who are to be taken to eluciOite Scripture, but it is the Scripture that must elucidate the Fats cv. The Apostles and the Ite formers hold up he'WVdrd of God alone for light, as they hold up ti)sriat's Sasrillce alone for justice. To think of weighi ng'nys human authority with that absolute authierg iof God, or any human justice with that perfec justice of Christ, is to vitiate Chris tianity in both its bases. Those are thie two funda menial heresies of Rome. and they areralso those which some teachers would introduce, though in a less degree nor doubt, into ltse bosom of the tieform ation. -D'Aubigne'3s 1istory of the Reformation, pp 271, 272. S"'IThough the Universal Church cannot err, yet any particular, and even the representative, Church (i: e. the Church as represented by Councils) may." Thenph. Aug . p. 26. ' Though, d priori, it be admitted they (General Councils) muiy err, yet, d posteriori, it is to be'be lieved that they have not erred in whatever, having been debated by thenm has been universally received in the Chlsrch (as, forexample, the doctrinal carions of the first four General Councils); and though it should be thought that they are in error, yet, until the error be plainly shown to be against Scripture, for the sake of pence and for the end or avoidance of strife private opinions are to give way to Public Aittority. Though the Church mnap err, it does not follow that vise is not to be obeyed, for muter errans miter est. In controverted points, we must stand by the determination of the Churchs: for the preserva tion of her peace and unity is of the very essence of Christianity."- Thenph. Avg., p 28. All the false doctrines of the Churchiof Rome are "controverted points ;" if, therefore, on such points we are to stand by the Church, even though she may be thought to be in error, it is plain that the foundation of Protestantism is endangered. If schism be a separation from the Catholic Church, of which the Romlsii Church is part, anti if schism be n mortal sin, and the church even in error is to be obeyed and private opinions are to give way to public authority, it is not easy to see how any indi vidual cats lastly dissent from the Church of Rome, or how the lteftrmation can be vindicated-yet these are the principies inculcated by this book into the future Mlinisters of the Church of England . " Am I then to make my own mind the judge whether they (autriorised expositors) "are in error; and if not, to what tests of doctrine im e to appeal ?"' " It is not ouruown private judgment, but first, 1-loly Scriptures, as receivedguarded, and interpreted by the Catholic Church from the beginning, 'accord. ing to the proportion of faith.' and next, the con sent of the Church herself; speaking in her public expositions, creeds, councils, liturgies, confessions, and writings of' her early fathers, B3ishops, and Doctors, is the uittle of Faith to which the teachsing of lndividutals is to be rekirred.".. Thseopl. Avg., p. 53, od, 1645. 4th. That the Church-the congregation of faithful men-is the body of which Christ is the head (Col. i. 18), and consists of all who, being regenerated, or born anew of the Holy Ghost, serve the Lord in new ness of spirit (Rem. vii. 6), and are children of God by haith in Christ Jesus (Gal. iii. 20). Rejecting the opinions that the Church of Christ is linited in any country to one denomination, or that those only are mem hers of the Church of Christ who have received religious ordinances in any parti color comnmunion. or that there is no salva. tion out of that body which is called the Catholic Church. 6th. A godly jealousy of the character and office of the Redeemer as the snle author of our salvation,-as the one Medi,, tur between God and man, and as with the Father and the Holy Spirit the only object of religious adoration.-- Rejecting all devo. tional addresses to the Virgin Mary, the Saints, or Angels,-all dependence upon their merits or intercession; and especially condemning all superstitious reverence for images or relics, and all additions to what is prescribed in the Gospel of Christ, such as Prayers for the Dead, the Sacrifice of the Mass or Propitiatory Sacrifice in the Lord's Supper, Purgatory, Penance, Auri cular Confession, and Special Absolution. WILLIAM BEoDoaR, D.D., Incumbent of St. David's Church, Hobart Town, and Senior Chaplain. JAmes NORMAN, Incumbent of Sorell. WILLIAM BEDFORD, jun.,M.A., Incumbent of Campbell Town. PmiLIr PALMER, M.A., Incumbent of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, Hobart Town. EiWARD FREEMAN, M.A., Incumbentof Brown's River HENRY PitrBs Far, D.D., Incumbent of the Parish of St. George's, HobartTown. JOAN BunRowEs, B.A., Incumbent of Pontville. WrILLItA RICIiAnsoaN, B.A., Incumbent of Avoca. EDWARD P. DunnAM, B.A., Chaplain of Hobart Town Hospital, Brickfsefds,and Female Depot, Hobart Town. WIcKsAus M W. HESKETn, M.A., Chaplain of St. Mary's; Macquarie Plains. J. G. AoEDLAND, Chaplain of the Male Peni tentiary, Hobart Town. W. R. BENNETT. Chaplain O'Brien's Bridge. CHsAR.ES M. BARDIN, A.B., Incumbent of Bothwell. T. N. Grigg, A.B., Circular Head. J.BISHTON. M.A., Westbury. 5\. FEREDAY, M.A., George Town. GEO. WI LKINSON, A.B., Evanstale. J. R. GURNEY, Impression Bay. ALFRED STACKnOUSE, M.A., Pertil. (W. H. BROWNE, L.L.D., I Senior Chaplain of Laun * ceston. A. C. Tuossoss. SL Chaplain of Windermere. Nors.-The signatures refer only to the declara tion; not to the notes and appendixes. 