4SVNOD OF NEW SOUTH' WALES. MISSION TO WIDE HAY. M. G ott fr M Hausmann, one of tho I ny mU .fitiiar*eioftl)eGerniRU Minion to ( tie uliorigincsut Moreton liny, established In the vear 18:18, having expressed nn earnest l'unira tobe s<uit forth ns ii Minister of ide Uu*|icl in thia territory, und ImVr lng been in Sydney for sumo time past, pursuing iv course of preparatory study fur tlio pui-j-osc, was recently taken upon trial, by the Synod of New South Wales, with a view to*his being sent forth, under the superintendence of that body, to "'the imiiortant and rapidly extending settlement ut Wide ' liny., Trial Discourses having accord* ihgly been < prescribed to Mr. Hausmann, ou the fullowiiig suifjtcts, in the usual wuy,- vi*. :-. ' 1. A Discourse on John xiv., 2C-Tiie Gill and ,- Office of tho Holy Ghost. : ' 2. A DIseoursQ on John i., 29-Jesus Christ ? tho Lamb of God ; and . 3\. A Discourse on liom. viii., 1-Justification . and its effects. A Meeting of .Synod was held on Wednesday hr 17th instant, in the Australian College Hail, at which these Discourses wera received and sus ained.' At a subsequent meeting held on Wed- nesday, the g-Uh instant, M. lluusmaun was ex-' Ami ned successively on Mental Philosophy, Church History, and Latin and Greek-rending portions of the'New Testament in both of these languages, with considerable proficiency, considering the time' be had been studying them-and this portion of his trials being also sustained, it was agreed that he should be sotcniuiy.act a| tart and ordained totho oflloo of the ministry!'willi a view to his proceed- ing by tho first opportunity to Wido "Joy, ia tho Scots Church, in tho evening of Tuesday, tho 25th instant. . The Ordination Sermon wosproaohod by the Kev. Dr. Lang, as Moderator of the Synod, from. Matthew xxiv., 14--T/iii Gospel of the kingdom »hall berpreadied in all the world, for a v>itne»» tinto all nation» ; and then »hall tlie end come. 'Atter considering tho passage os referring pri- marily to apostolic times, and to the destruction of Jerusalem as the great event of that period, Dr. I,, shewed that it was matter of history that, bufare tho destruction of Jerusalem, the Gospel liad been preached in all parts of tho then known world, but that while only comparatively few in any nation cordially received and embraced it, the great majority of the people of all nations scornfully rejected it ; thereby fulfilling the Divine ; prediction that it should be preached for a icïtnem ; . unto : or against dil ??? nation». The preacher then viewed the passage as referring to our own j times, the latter days of the world's history allowing 1st. ¡That, in accordance with the Divine 1 prediction -in thc text, tho Gospel should be preached in every continent and . isle, of this habitablo globe ; 2* That while a comparatively few converts should be made, as in the apostolic) ngo, ont of every kindred and peopio, und tongue lind nation, tho great maj irity of those to. whom lt should bo preached would scornfully reject it ; mid 3rd. That whenever tho last Christian minis- ter, or missionary should havo gone forth to the Inst heathen family or tribe-whether that trilie or family ' should receive nnd ombraco thc glad tidings or not-the present dispensation of G o J's grao J . and mercy to mankind would come to an end, and > a nea- order ; vf things would begin throughout the world ; every system of falso re- ligion, and oppressivo Government would he sub- verted.and dustroyed, and the reign of universal blessedness would begin. -. . lu illustrating tho first of these points, Dr. Lung directed attention to tho wonderful impulso that would necoKSftiily ho given to the' preaching bf tho Gosiiol, in thc hitherto unknown regions Of the world by tho simultaneous discovery of gold on 'both'sides of tlio Pabifia-a discovery that would speedily subject to tho civilizing and christianizing inlhieiicos of tho Anglo-Saxon race, largo portions of the human family that hud hitherto laid in ontiro isolation from tim 'rest of mankind, and to whom tho Gospel had nover yet been preached, lt was impossible not to discorn tho hand of Divine Providence'in all this. The Anger of God was Iteré. ' ' , '' in illustrating the second of those 'points. Dr. L. showed that it was vain to look for tho gene- ral conversion of tho world, OJ had often been «lorio most unwisely by Christian mon of ali", de- nominations, from tho instrumentalities how iu operation throughout thu Christian church. Such un expectation was equally unwarranted by tho 'word of God, and by all oxperieiico of the past. Tho Christian minister or missionary would still have to toko" up the language of the Prophot, hud to .pro'.'or tho samo complaint as had uni- formly been' preferred by nil Christina ministers and missionaries, from tho first promulgation of the Gospol, ir/io haili believed our report? and tu whom i» the arm of tito Lord revealed t For while isome out of every nation would believe tho things that were spokon, tho vust majority of inunkiud Would believe them not-. , . , ! * Hut there was tho scriptural and spirit-stirring prospect opened up tu us in tho text, that when- ever tho last .Christian minister or missionary should go ,forth,, with tho everlasting .Gospel, in his. hunda, to the lust of tho previously unvisited tribes or families of men,-whether they should bear lum, or whether. thoy< should forbear-every, lorin of evil, whether iii religion or iii Government, would COUM to an end, and tke kingdom, and Ow greatness of thé kingdom with thu whole Heaven, be given to the people oj the Saints of the. Most High. Tho othes of the Christian Minister or Missionary was theroforo a ' high and holy ellice, as an ambassador for Christ, A fellow-worker with God for the advancement ot this predioled, this, blissful consummation. It .was to this office they were aliout ta sot'apart and ordain their esteemed friend and brother, Mr. Hausmann, trusting that he would not only go forth to the European settlers in tho Wide Hay district, in thefullness of lite blessings oftfw Gospel of Christ, but thnt,froinhisknowlodgeof tho language of I tho aborigines to the' northward ? -. of Moreton Hay, ho would- also bo instrumental in Jcclaiming many of those children of tho forest, mid,in leading them to tit down clothed, and iii'llieit.right pund at the feet of Jesus Christ. ? Di\ Lang then put tho questions that are usually askod on such occasions,' in the Presby- terian Church, to which Mr. Hausmann gave tho usual nnd satisfactory replies ; ul'ter which he -was solemnly "set apart - aud ordained to the o flit o of tho Christian-Ministry, by prayer and tho iiu -pOHitton of tho hands of tho Synod, mid received tho right hand of fellowship trout tho brethren. .Tho'Kev. Mr. 'Quitifo then delivered a Bolemn 'Charge to tho 'newly ordained minister, founded on tho scriptural phrase, thc ministry of recon~ dilation, 'utter which, tho Hov. Air. Goethe ad- dressed a short exhortation to the congrégation. Tho sarviro was then closed with tho Doxology, " I'm iso God from whom all blessings How," sc., mid t.lie AjHJstolio Benediction. Mr. Hausmann is a mun of great zeal, nnd in-: doinitablo energy. . Hu Inls often boen out among tho alioriyInes for weoks together ; and on ono ' occasion, when they hail attacked a hut ill which 'lie and another of thc lay missionary weïo ro 'slding foi' the time, ut ft distance from their head . station,' he heard them congratulating each ,' other in their own luuguaijo, on the fino meal he would niako for them, (for which they had ac- tually kindled a Aro beforehand,) as they , ob served, ho waa iii good condition. Mr. H. speaks " tlie English language imperfectly, no doubt, like i n I'o'relgunr, but intelligibly enough to'bo easily, understood. ' There, is no doubt, therefore,1 that he will bo cordially welcomed at Wide Hay, whore j there ls as yet ho utitiistorof roligiou of any com- munion. 