Absolution. STEPs, &c.;, p. 17.-" For those who are weighed down by the burden of their sins, or find difficulty in guiding themselves, and so " require further comfort or counsel,' a remedy has been provided, which, though bitter at the time, like all good medicines, conveys a very great and lasting benefit. Such persons are directed to go to the Priest of their parish, or ' to some other discreet and learned minister of God's word,' and to make confession of their sins to him, that they may receive special absolustion, and such spiritual advice as they may need." The words to which this passage refers are perverted. It is not said in the Prayer Book that persons are to make confession of their sins ;o the Minister, that they may receive Special Absolution, but that they are to open their grief to him, "that by the ministry of God's Holy Word they may recewve the benefit of Absolution, together with ghostly counsel and advice." In the 1st Prayer Book of Edward VI., the words were, " that of the Minister lie might receive comfort and Absolution ;" which words were afterwards changed to their present form, as Wheatly observes (p. 437), "to show that the benefit of Absolution was not to be re ceived by the pronouncing of any form, but sy a due application and MInsTaRY or GoD's HOLY WOID." STEPS. &c.;, p.120.-" Before you are to receive the holy Sacrament, or when you are visited by any dangerous sickness, if you tind any one par ticular sin, or more, that lies heavy upon you, you are to disiurden yourself of it into the bosom of your Confessor, who not only stands between God and you, to pray for you, but hath the power of the keys committed to himt, upon your true repent. ance, to absolve you in Christ's name from those sins which you have confessed to him." STEPS, &c.;, p.121.-" The benefit of Absolution. -If we would choose to believe, rather than dispute, it would be a powerful cordial to every troubled spirit, by a particular officer from the kingdom of heaven to he thus saluted; and he that cannot value this absolution from the Priest, can no other way receive satisfaction to his doubts and fears, unless he expect to be assured of his remission by an ijmmediate revelation, or can he content to stay till the day of judgment for the resolution of this great inquiry. Let it therefore cheer your hearts, ye contrite ones, to hear this blessing from your spiritual father; for, behold, it contains all that von do need or can desire. Are you miserable? Here is mercy. Are you sinful? Here is pardon. Are you liable to punishment? Here is deliverance. Are you desirous, but unable to do good? Here is strength and confirmation. Are you fearful of death and hell? Here is heaven and everlasting life. And all this asked of God by one that He iath commissioned to make this prayer; so that your only care is, that your repentance be such as yoar Minister believes it to be, and then this absolution shall certainly be confirmed in the high court of hearen, and not one word thereof shall fall to the ground." THEOPH. ANG., p. 108.-" When God has appointed certain means for dispensing His grace, OUR SALVATION IS TIED TO THE Use OF THEM. He remits the punishment of original sin by means of the Sicrament of Baptismi; and in the case of actual sin,He confers the grace of His own pardon by meaus of Priestly absolution, orditnrily and where it may be had, and whenever justly pro. nounced and duly received ; and thus he nmakes repeiiance availible to the true penitent, through the declaration and pronunciation of psrdoi by the Minister of Christ, acting by His utinthority, at His command, and by His power. Absolution does not give repentance, but makes it effectual, as the loosing of Lazarus did not give hini life, but the fuli atd free use of it." The declaration that " he that cannot value this absolution from the Priest, can no other way receive satisfaction to his doubts and fears, unless lie expect to be assured of his remission by an immediate revelation," is with great impiety to attribute to the act of mat the pecu liar office and influence of the Holy Spirit, "i Tl' CoatoRTEr;" and to contradict the declaration of Holy Scripture, that the posses sion of the Spirit of God removes doubts and tears, conveys peace to the conscience, and alone affords full assurance of pardon and reconciliation.t " The design of introducing into the Church of England the practice of Auricular Confession by Tructurian Clergymen, and the prevalence of that prictice, will be rendered apparent by the following extract of a letter from Dlr. Dodsworth to Dr. Pusey :-" You have been one of the foremost to lead us on to a higher appreciation of that ' Church system,' of which sacramental grace is the very life and soul. Both by precept and example you have been amongst the most earnest to maintain Catholic principles. By your constant and common practice of administering the Sacrament of penance; by encouraging everywhere. if not enjoining, auricusar confession, and giving special priestly absolution: by teaching the propitiatory sacrifice of the Holy Eucharist, as applicatory of the one sacrifice on the cross, and by the adoration of Christ really present on the altar under the form of bread and wine; by your introduction of Roman Catholic books adopted to the use of our Church, &c.;"-P. il, j " It is the office of the Holy Ghost to assure us "Being justified by faith we have pence willh God, through our Lord Jesus Christ." -Rom. v. 1. "For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fetr; but ye have re ceived the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abbo, Father. The Spirit itself bear eth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God."-Rom. viii. 1, 10. " Hereby know we that He ubideth in us, by the Spirit which lie hath given us." -1 John iil. 24. " Hereby we know that we dwell in Him, and he in us, because He bath given us of His Spirit."-1 John iv. 13. The assertion that in the Absolution by the Priest is mercy, pardon, deliverance, strength and confirmation, heaven and everlasting life; and that the only care of the person who confesses should be, that his repentance lie such as the Minister be lieves it tobe, and that then his absolution shall certainly be confirmed in the high court of heaven, and not one word thereof shall fall to the ground, is directly popish; and would suhvert the Gospel of salvation by faith, and draw away sinners from the throne of grace to the knees of their Con lessor. It would establish over their con sciences the domination of the Priest, lead ing them to deuend entirely upon his judg ment of their spiritual condition, and to obey his guidance and injunctions rather than to seek from the Word of God for divine illumination and direction. Propitiatory Sacrifice in the Lord's Supper; Prayers for the Dead, and for the Intercession of Saints. STEPs, &c.;, p. 60.-" When the spiritual sacri fice, the service without blood, has been com pleted, upon that sacrifice of propitiation, we entreat God for the peace of all the Churches, for the good estate of the world; in behalf of kings, of soldiers, of the sick and afflicted; and, in a word, we all pray and offer up this sacrifice for all who stand in need of help."" STEPs, &c.;, p. 04.-" And' together with os, remember, 0 God, for good, the whole mystical Body of Thy Son; that such as are yet alive may finish their course with joy, and that all such as are dead in the Lord snay rest in hope and rise in glory."t STEPs, &e.;, p. 69.-" Give onto us all, 0 God, a portion of all the good prayers in Heaven and earth, the interression of our Lord, and the sup plications of all Thy servants." " SrinroAuA, CoMMuNIon," p. 31.-" Re metiher, 0 God, for good, the whole mystical Body of Thy Son, that such as are yet alive may finish their course with joy; and that we, with all such-as are dead in the Lord, may rest in hope and rise in glory." "SPIRITuAL Comnsusrunon" is dedicated to the memory of those blessed ones whose bodies and souls have been made clean and washed by the Body and Blood of Christ in the Commu nioie of the Holy Sacrament. STEPs, &e.;, p. 83.-" 1 have hlumbly offered unto Thee, 0 Lord, the sacrifice of a troubled of the adoption of sons, to create in us a sense of the paternal love of God towards us, to give us an earnest of our everlasting inheritance, ''the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the soly Ghost which is given unto us. The Spirit beareth witness with our Spirit, that we are the children of God. As, therefore, we are borii again by the Spirit, and receive from him our regeneration, so we are also assured by the same Spirit of ouradoption, and because being sons, we are also heirs of God and joint heirs uith Christ, by the same Spirit we have the pledge, or rather the earnest of our inheritance."-Bp. Pearson on the Creed. "'The Spirit of adoption, which constituteth us sons of God, qualifying us so to be by dispositions resembling God, and filial affections towards him; certifying us that we are so, and causing as by a free instinct to cry. Abba, Father, running into his bosom of love, and flying under the wings of his mercy in all our needs and distresses."-harrow on the Gift of the Holy Ghost. S The Spirit which God hath given us to assure us that we are sons of God, to enable us to call upon him as our rather."-.Hooker on Certainty of aisth. .. The Spirit of adoption is, first, a witness-ttom. viii. 17; second, a seal-Eph. iv. 30; third, the pledge and earnest of our inheritance-Eph. 1. 14; setting a holy securityon the soul, whereby it rejoiceti, even in affliction, in hope of glory."-Archbp. Usher, Sum: and Substance, 8c. I he "Steps to she Altar," 'l'heophilus Angeli canus. and the Church of tome, teach that assurance of the divine pardon-theaseuse of justification and of sanctification, and the inward joys and pence of religion, are tied to absolution and priestly ministra. tions. The Gospel, the Church of Englaiid, and all Protestant Churches, teach that these and all other holy sentiments and spiritual convictions ire infused into the hearts of believers by bse Holy Spirit through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. No prin ciple more clearly distinguishes tomanism from the Gospel than the setting up of what is called the Church, the Priest, and Absolution, between the people and the ttedeemer and Hoaly Spirit. " Thus the tamn, Hiss. Ord. of the llass. Grant that the sacrifice which I, though unwor thily, have offered up in the sight of Thy Malajesty may be acceptaole to Thee, and through Thy mercy be a propitiation for me and all those for whom it hos been offered through Christ my Lord." So also in the 22nd Sess. of the Council of Teat. can. 3. " If any one shall say that the sacrifice of the Mass is only a service of praise and thanksgiving, or a bare commemoration of the sacrifice made upon the cross, but not a propitiatory offering, let him be ac cursed." f 'hlius ' the Rom. Miss., orh. of the llass. a To these, 0 Lord, and to all that sleep in Christ, grant, we beseach Thee, a place of refreshment, light and peace through the same Christ our spirit, (25) in union with the Sacrifice and Sacra ment of the Body and Blood of Thy Son, toy Savioor." STEPs, &C.;, p. 107.-" The definition of a proper Sacrifice.-Sacrifice is, 1. Some material thing, either annante or injnimate, offered to God. 2 For the acknowledging the dominion and other attributes of God, or ltr procuring Divine bless ings, especially remnission of sin. 3. Upon a proper altar (which yet is rather necessary for the external decorum than the internal perfection of the sacrifice). 4. By a proper officer, and with agreeable rites. 5. And consnmed, or otherwise disposed of, in such i manner as the author of the soerifice hias appointed." STEPs, &c.;, i. 110.-" At, and in the Etcharist, we offer tip to Gad three encrifices. One by.the Priest only ; that is, the coitiemorative Sacrifice of Christ's death represented in bread broken, and wine poured out." STEWs, &e.;, p. 114.-" The teater in Baptism, with the blessing and grace of God, seAS PoWelL IN IT to cleanuse is fromt our sits. And the bread in the Lord's Supper, being set apart and blessed, becomes the bread that totrisheth to eternal life." STEPs, &c.;, p. 00.-" The primative custom was to receive in the hollow pain of the right hand, which wos tipported by tite left crossed inder it." STEPS, &c.;, p. 38.-" It is an ancient and good enstom, for those who are about to receive this Sacrament, not to take any food in the morning befire they communicate." SPttit, Coin., p. 14.-" And so be more.fitted for the real reception of the Body and Blooid of their Lord, when offered to Whn at the altar ty the Pastor through whom the tilititry of reconcilia clon is speclally addressed to iin." SPIRTr. Coar., p. 10.-" Reverence is proved rather by bowing the mind and body in adoration of a present God, than by reasoning on the possi-. bility and manner of his presence."t STEPs, &c.;, i. 02.-" Send Thy Holy Spirit upon this Sacrifice, that He may make this bread and this wine) the Body and Blood of Thy Christ."} The term " Altar," applied to the Commu nion Table, is a contradiction to the Book of Common Prayer, 'in which the Table is in no case called an "Altar;" the Reformers by the omission of this word evidencing their care to afford no iround for the notion of a propitia. tory sacrifice in the Lord's Supper. The preceding passages assert that there is a propitiatory sacrifice in the Holy Commu nion; they sanction prayers for the dead, and for the intercession of the Saints in Heaven; and convey an impression of the.Real Presence. in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, in ac cordance with the doctrine of the-Church of Rome, The direction to receive the hread in the hollow of the hands crossed, and oot to eat any food before communicating, we regard as an imitation of a superstitious practice of the Church of Rome, and as an unjustifiable ad dition to the prescriptions of our Church. 