THE CHURCH OF OUR. BAPTISM {From the Dublin Review.) I he rite by which, in ancient as in mo dern times, the Church acts upon the state of man, touches him with the healing power of Christ, frees him from Satao's gripe, changes his condition, opens hia eyes, his ears, his mouth, and makes him rightly see, hear, and speak, and gives him strength io walk in God's commandments, is holy Bap tism. So natural was this idea, that her whole ritual of baptism is based upon it. First, the exorcisms which occupy its first part, show that the unbaptized are placed by her in the class, spiritually, of those under the grasp and controul of the evil one. He is rebuked, cursed, and disdain fully adjured, and violently thrust out ; and this is done with an energy and rudeness of language, exactly suited. to the object, and like to what our Saviour used with His de moniacs, Dr. Pusey, in his well re membered Tract on Baptism, has proved that every liturgy, but the Anglican, con tains these exorcisms, and consequently this idea. Secondly, the senses are treated as re quiring restoration, and the very rites are copied, which our Lord condescended to employ, for the purpose of restoring them. When 'they bring to Him one deaf and dumb, and besought Him that He would lay His hand upon him:' he would not con sent to exercise His power, by that ordinary mode ; but ' taking him from the multi tude apart, He put his fingers into his ears, and spitting, He touched his tongue; and looking up to heaven, He groaned and said to him; Ephpheta, which is, be thmi opened.'* Mow -this 'ceremony, the Church has, from the beginning, adopted into her ritual for baptism : where the priest, touch ing the ears of the catechumen, pronounces the same words, touching similarly with spittle, as in imitation of the divine action, the nostrils. And then into the mouth is put the salt, ' the sacramentum salis,' 6ti.ll further symbolizing the opening of themouth, to speak heavenly wisdom, ot which salt is the emblem. Thirdly, in the rite for the baptism of an adult, there is a striking ceren:ony, vvhicu expresses strongly the Church's thought on this resemblance. '1 he officiating bishop or priest signs with the cross the various senses, with appropriate words. ' I sign thy fore head with the cross, that thou mayest receive the Cross of Christ. I sign thine ears vvitn the cross that thou mayest hear the divine precepts. I sign thine eyes with the cross, that thou inayest see the brightness of vod. I sign thy nostrils with the cross, that tbou mayest feel the sweet odour of Cbriw. I sigh thy mouth with the cross^thatjnot ? Mar. vu. 33. mayest speak words of life. I sign thy breast with the cross, that thou mayest believe .in God. I .sign thy shoulders with the cross, that thou mayest receive the yokeof His service. I sign thee all with the cross ' (not touching) ' in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that thou mayest have life everlasting, and mayest live for ever and ever. Amen.' Again, when the bishop in the porch of the church, truly to the Catho lic, ' the beautiful gate ' of God's house, stretches out his hand to the catechumen there kneeling, and. raises him up, and. saying to him, ' Enter into the Church of God,' leads him, holding by his stole, for the first time into the temple ; how much the re semblance must strike us, with what was done by Peter, the first Bishop after Christ, when, in the name of Jesus, he bade the lame man, at the temple-gate, to rise;, 'and taking him byjjthe right hand, lifted him up ;' \- and the man 'walked, and went with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God :' and he on his part 'held Peter 'and John,'* no doubt, by their garments, as afectionately clinging to them. Fourthly ; but the great blessing of bap t tism or bringing to the faith, was that which St Peter so beautifully expresses when ad dressing his new Christians, in the words adopted by St. Augustine, in speaking to the newly baptised, calling them, 'a chosen generafion, a kingly priesthood, a holy na tion, a purchased people; that you may de clare,' he adds, *? His virtues, who hath called you out of darkness into His mar vellous light. 'f While the miracles that re gard other bodily organs and power may be considered as of the very essence of baptis mal regeneration, and is truly the bringing of blind natuve to the ' marvellous light of God.' Hence in the baptismal service of the Church it is frequently alluded to, under this image. In the very opening prayer, with his hand placed on the child's or cate chumen's head, the priest thus speaks: 'all blindness of heart drive from him, break the bonds of Satan in which he hath been bound.' And again, more solemnly, and with the same important actiou, he prays as follows : ' I entreat Thy eternal and most just pity, holy Lord, Father Almighty, eter nal God, author of light and truth, on be half of this thy servant N. that Thou wilt vouchsafe to enlighten him with Thine intel« lec.tual light.*' And this in the baptism of adults, is preceded by an abjuration of ?Satan, in these words : ' For he com mandeth thee, accursed one for ever lost ! who opened the eyes of the man born blind.' Finally, in the same service we have the following prayer : 'I beseech Thee, holy Lord, Father almighty, eternal God, tliat to this Thy servant X. who wanders uncertain and doubtful in the night of tlu3 world, Thou wilt command the way of Thy truth, and of knowledge of Thee to be shown ; that the eyes of his heart being opened, he may know Thee, one God, the Father in the Son, and the Son in the Father, with the Holy Ghost,' % &c; These passages will prove sufficiently, how strong the analogy is in the mind of the Church, between the giving of sight to the bodily blind, and of faith to the unbap tized. Among the rites familiar to our Sa viour as a means of cure, was that of laying His hands upon the penitent, a ceremony which may be said to have become especially sacramental. This was employed by Him in curing the blind ; and in one instance re markably. 'And taking the blind man by tiie hand, He led him out of the town; and spitting upon his eyes, laying His hand upon him, tie asked him. if he saw anything. And looking up, he said : I see men as it were trees walking. After that, again He laid His hands upon his eyes, and he began -o see, and was restored, so that he saw all things clearly.' § Now we have seen how just twice, in the administration of baptism, the Priest places his hand upon the child, with a prayer for the removal of blindness at the first, and fur the granting of light at the second time. But another instance is more remarkable, 'hen Saul is overtaken by the merciful * Acts Hi. 1 — .11. ~ \+ n. T I Pet. ii. 9. \+ We can only refer to the Roman Ritual or Pon tincalj whero the two baptismal services are given, tor these various extracts. § Mar. viii. 22—26. judgment of God, on the road to Damascus, he is struck blind. Was this merely to humble and subdue his haughty spirit, to tame him, like a .blinded eagle, plucked down in his first flight for prey ? Or is there not also in this, a deeper symbolic meaning, to show him how tha power of the Church's ministry, while it cured his corporal blind ness, gave his soul also intellectual light? For Ananias coming in to baptize him, 'laying his hands upon him,' said : ' Bro ther Saul, the Lord Jesus hath sent me— tha' thou mayest receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost. And immediately there fell from his eyea as it were scales, and he received his sight ; and rising up he was baptized.'* Now here we have the very miracle of blindness cured, connected with the baptismal rite : nay, more, to all ap pearance, blindness inflicted, on purpose to show the close analogy between the two, and to bring the visible miracle in confirmation of the invisible. Our Lord Himself, however, has directly given us the most interesting example of this relation. We have before referred to the detailed account preserved by St. John, of the cure of a blind man. Iu this instance our blessed Saviour first made use of the mysterious ceremony described by St. Mark. For. 'He spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and spread the clay upon his eyes,' This, one might have supposed, would have sufficed to complete the cure. And so it would have done, had He so willed it. But, undoubtedly to teach a lesson, of which we -ought to, learn the import, He ' said to him : Go wash (bathe) in the pool of Siloe, which is interpreted, Sent. He went therefore, and washed, and he came seeing.''}* If Jesus desired to symbolize the miraculous action of baptism as we have described it, as giving the divine light of Faith suparnaturally to the soul, He could not have done it more completely than in this, the most minutely recounted of all His cures wrought on the blind. The anoint ing of the eyes, for so the text describes it,J was only made a preliminary ceremony, like the unction with the oil of catechumens in in our baptism ; but the cure was completed by the water— not of the Jordan, the waters of John, but of the bathing pool of Siloe, the waters of the Messiah. And even this choice is most expressive, when we take into account the Jewish belief concerning it, that it was the most efficacious for pu rification from legal defilement. § Not even Csesar's celebrated report, ' veni, vidi, vici,' expressed more emphatically the rapidity of his conquest, than does the blind man's nar rative, the instantaneousness of his cure. ' That man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed my eyes, and said to me : Go to the pool of Siloe, and wash. I went, I washed, and I see,' No wonder that the ancient Christians should have applied to the baptistery, the very word used in this pas sage, calling it by other names, the kolumbe thra or swimming bath : doubtless from this very passage. All that we have said will receive confir mation from a beautiful passage in Isaiis, and will, in return, throw light upon it. It is the following : — ' God Himself will come, and will save you. Then shall the eyes of the blind be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped. Then shall the lame man leap as the hart, and the tongue of the dumb shall be free. For loatevs are broken out in ilie desert, and streams in the wilderness ? And a path and a way shall be there, and it shall be called the holy way ; the unclean shall not pass over it ; and this shall be unto you a straight way, so that fools shall not err therein, ...they shall walk there that shall be delivered.'*^ It is to spiritual ail , ments alone that this allusion can be made. It may well appear superfluous to add, that only in catholic baptism is a counterpart discoverable, to the class of miracles which * Acts, ix. 18. ?j- Jo. ix. G, 7. £The get here described, like that before quoted from St. Mark, viii. 23, will appear in no ways strango to those who are aware how much a similar practice was in use among: the Jews, and other nations of antiquity. See Wetstein in loc. § ' Even if he should wash himself in the waters of diloam,,, he would not obtain complete clearness.' Talm. Hieros. Ibid, where Bee also, on v. 6. the Jewish denunciation against aunointing the eyes, or rubbing them with saliva on the sabbath. Com pare v. 13. % Is. xxxv. 4—9. we have classified together, as they generally are in the gospels. The exorcisims and other prayers waich we have quoted, have disap peared from the proiestant liturgy ; all inti mation of belief in effects parallel to those miracles of our Lord will be sought there in vain. But not only in the formularies, but in the opinions of the Anglican system, there is a total absence of the doctrine ne sessary to establish such a parallelism as we haye traced. We are sure that Faith is there neither spoken of, nor considered, as a gift of God, an infusei virtue, actually and in stantly communicated to the soul in baptism —into the soul even of an infant. Faith with protestants is a profession of a mode oi thought ; thought being an act of the in dividual. Hence in Confirmation, the Ang lican system looks to personal profession of what had been professed by proxy, in bap tism. But there is no actual belief (unless it be in the ideal church which lurks in the closets of Oxford theologians) that the child had, from baptism, possessed an inherent, true, and orthodox faith. Hence the first question in the Catholic Ritual, put to the catechumen is, ' N. what dost thou ask of the Chnreh of God ?' and the answer is, ' Faith.' That the Anglican theory, even when elevated to the highest stage of High churchism, has no perception of this most important point of baptism will appear from this ; that none more than Oxford theorists try to deter young men from becoming Ca tholics, by telling them that they will be re nouncing ' the Church of their Baptism.' For such phrase can only signify, that in baptism they were incorporated into the Eng lish establishment, as a body distinct from the obis terrarum Church, or the Catholic Church in communion with Rome. For if Anglicanism be a part of the one universal Church, such an expression is as unmeaning and as absurd, as if one were to say to a man, ' Do not become a British subject, lest Thereby, you renounce your regiment.' The phrase, therefore, means, that Anglicanism is so distinct from Catholicity, as that the baptism of the one is not that of the other. Now for this to be, either the baptized child receives no faith, or it receives faith accord ing to the holding of Anglicanism, as distinct from that of the Catholic Church ; and that is clearly no faith at all. The only sense to be attached to such a now ' cant phrase' is : ' In baptism you made a j^'ofession of Anglicanism, and it is sinful in you to depart from that prof ession.' And this meaning is rendered more evident by the fact, .that they who use it profess Anglicanism, but make no scruple of be lieving Catholicity. The expression is ano ther Protestant novelty : we are only sur prised that it had not been forestalled by the Donatists. It makes the Church more like the corporation of a close borough, than the empire of God over the whole world. The Catholic Church, on the other hand, considering Baptism as the Janua Eoclesice, ' the gate of the Church,' considers every one' validly (even though unlawfully) bap tized as a member of the true Church, a Catholic, possessing sound faith, as well as other infused virtues, and as continuing so until some contradictory act destroys the virtue, and transfers the unhappy victim to the dominion of error, schism or heresy. Look well to this, ye high church teachers ; every one of you, if duly baptised, has once, io the estimation of the Catholic, Universal, One Church, been a member t-f it. Each of you has left it by an act of apostacy ! and your children, whom you have with your own hands baptized, ' that the sacred rite might not be made void by the profane care lessness of its daily administration around you, these yet innocent prattling little ones, are still ours, in communioa with the holy Church of God throughout the world. When the day comes, that you, more in doubt than is consistent with safety, about your own position, shall pour into their do cile ears, the poison of a heresy which you regret, shall make them believe that Jesus Christ has left no one united Church on earth, or commanded not communion with Peter, or that the titular of your diocese is a descendant of the Apostles, or that Mary should not be invoked, or that baptism made them Anglican, or that there i3 no real cor poreal presence of our Lord .in the Eucharist, or that priestly absolution is not of necessity for pardon of sins ; or should the time come, (for strange things do now happen), when you will teach exactly, the contrary and tell your children that your Church (as you C3l it) holds eveyone of the opposite doctrines just as Catholics do, and so cheat them verily into a heretical profession of orthodox doctrine, when that day comes, know ye, that you will be guilty of a parricidal act, you will pluck from off your children's body that white garment of innoccence, (for heresy is sin,) which in every real baptism is spiri tually placed upon the neophyte, you will snatch the burning lamp of orthodox faith from their hands, you will tear off the gar ment of joyful adoption which true Baptism placed upon their heads. You will do worse ; you will reverse the wonders of Baptism; you will undo its miracle. You will blind the eyes that have been once opened, seal up the ears again that have been unstopped, tie. up the tongue that has been loosened, and cripple the limbs that have been made whole. Oh ! think of this, before it comes too late. You, whose own minds are tem pest-tossed, uncertain of your faith, who perhaps flatter yourselves with the hope that unity may be restored, and you may be car ried safely by the gulf-stream into the haven of Catholic rest : you who will not venture to say that no occutrence may happen that will unmoor you from you present position, and drive you into our Church ; you, above all, who say, that while you believe it to be your duty to remain where God has placed you, you would rejoice had His Providence from the beginning rooted you in the Catho lic Church, who 'would give anything' to have been always Catholic — spare your own pains, your own stings, your own tor tures, to those you love ; forego the delu sion that you can educate your children Ca tholics in an Anglican church, or an Ang lican parsonage ; frankly and generously give them up to the only mother that will train them holily ; make them pledges of your love, which you give not to your own system ; send your treasures where you profess your heart to be, that the two be to gether, and you give not the lie to Truth. Yes, we boldly repeat, there are many now in Anglicanism, who cannot, without fearful sin, allow their children to be brought up in it, for they have not the cause of a false conscience. Their only escape is, to let them continue safe in the Church of their baptism, the One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Church. 