PRESENTATION OF NEW COLORS TO THE 22ND, OR CHESHIRE REGIMENT OF FOOT, By General Sir Charles Napier, G.C.B. (Extracted from Sydney Morning Herald; 17th May, 18 The arrival at Dagshaii of His Excellency, General Sir Charles Junes Napier, G C B Commander in Chief in India, and Colonel of the 22nd Regiment, was announced on Sundav morning, the 17th November, 1850, by very many hearty and oft-repeatcd cheers, which resounded from the hills on all sides, the warm and cordial greeting of severaL hundreds ot the »oldiers of the ¿2nd, who had voluntanlj crowned the heights in cluster», to w eleome his approach, for aurel) never was chief more cnthusiihùcallj received, and never welcome more »incercly given-all, fiom the highest to the lowest, striving to do more and stdl more honor to him, on w horn eaeh and everv heart wis fixed,-their gdlunt and lnghlv distill guished colonel, their bencf ictor and friend His Exccllenej on his visit w is aecompanied b'v his daughtei, Mrs M Murdo, Colonel Mountain, C B , Adjutant Geneial H M Forces in India, Colonel Drummond, C B Quarter Master General of the \rmv, Colonel Halhfix, 75th Regiment, Myor Kenneth Military Secretary, M ijor M'Murdo, Assistant Adjut mt II M I orces, and n numerous pel sonil staif On Monday the ISth it 4 v M the regiment under comm md of I lent -Colonel Boileau paraded in review order to Teeeive the new colors On Parade -SI officers, IS sergeants, 17 drummer», 880 rank md hh Absent on command- m dut\ -on lea-* e - 17 officers, 4 sergeants, 2 drummei-, 72 rank and file Stair emploj and on rou'e 1i inin sick -2 officers 1 sergeant, ¿0 îank and hie lota] strength -10 olheer» i3 serjeants, 19 drummers, 9S2 rink and hie lhe Commander in Chief wa- leeened on pande with the honors due to his i mk The time ind service worn old colois of the rcgi inent still, md for the list time, occupving their place in line Having íeecivcd the salute, ' His E,vcel lencv dismounted and on toot minutelv in speeted e leh rank recosiu/tng old aequumt anees amongst the men, md it ma-y he trulv h lid, old friends, for mam still remain m the ranks who fought an I bled under his command in Si inde Piescntation of \cr Cul is The regiment drnwn up it open order, double distance, reectves the Genci ii with picscnted inns and after the Generil has inspected the line, the Commanding Ollicer tlosc- the nmks oi the grenadier-, au I tho march in puck time fofhceis m front with curried swords band m pande order, and plavm., "British Grenadiers,' ) to the eentrc ol «he i ciment halt and open rank-, the oiii ei- tainui.; the old colors, then move t J tlie eentre of the gre nadiers, who present arms as they approach und .band plays " God save the Queen. The grenadiers then shoulder and march to the left of the line and file up the regiment. Front rank of the grenadiers between the ranks, rear rank between rear rank, and supernumerary rank officers and colors in front of officers, band (playbig " Auld Lang Sync") on reaching tlie left of the line, cease playing for a few moments to let the Commanding Officer give the word " present arms," countermarches and marches in front of the officers in parade order, but in advance of the grenadiers. The colors, on arrivmg at the right of the line, place themselves' on the right of No. 1 Com- pany. fThe Ensigns appointed to receive the ncw*cbldr!Ttö"tb~thc centre of the grenadiers, after they have formed upr) ' ' Tlie ranks of the grenadiers are again closed, and they march' in quick time, officers in front with carried swords and band playing " Mea neetune," to'the right of, and perpendicular to, but at paces distant, the saluting flag, and open ranks. The colors aro now consecrated and pre- sented, grenadiers present arms as they are received by the Ensigns (Monk and G. O. Deane), (band plays "the Queen") after the Colonel has returned thanks, grenadiers take close order, (Officers and colors remain in front), and march back to their place, (band playing the same tune as on their marching out.) u.The new colors take the place of the old ones, -which drop to the rear, and aro marched away by an escort, Regiment presenting arms and band playing "Auld lang sync." The grenadiers arc then faced to the left and march down the line, (regiment at the present.) Front rank led by Queen's color between the officers and front rarde> led by regimental color between the ranks, band in parado order in front of the officers, but in ad- vance of grenadiers playing "Grenadier march." On arriving at the left of the line, band coun- termarches and ceases playing, Commanding Officer gives the command to shoulder arms, front rank of grenadiers countermarches round front rank, reur rank of grenadiers round rear rank, and break into quick time on the banu playing " Who would not-light for Charlie," which they strike up immediately after the Coinmandmg Officer has given the word *' shoul- der." Band marches back in parade order in front of officers and in advance of grenadiers. After the grenadiers have formed up in their proper place the colours move to the centre of the line, and on their arriving there tlie regiments pre-, sent arms, bund playbig the Queen. March past, ¿te. Prayers used by the Rev. Mr. Parker, of the Lawrence Asylum, officiating on the occa- sion of the presentation of new colors to Her Majesty's 22nd Regiment, at Dunghai, by Sir Charles Napier, on the 18th November, 1850. " Our Father which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name, Thy Kingdom come, Thy will be done in Earth as it is in Heaven, give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our tres- passes, as we forgive them that trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but de- liver us from evil, for Thme is the Kingdom, The power, and The glory, for ever and ever. -Amen. Prevent us, O Lord, in all our doings with thy most gracious favour, and further us with thy continual help, that in all works begun, continued, and ended in theo, we may glorify thy holy name ; and finally, by thy mercy obtain everlasting life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. O Lord God Almighty, by whom Kings reign and Princes decree justice, who art the King of Nations and the Lord of Hosts, who dost establish peace in the earth, or dost send the desolating sword as thy scourge abroad, makbig the wrath of man to praise thee. We thine unworthy servants render unto thee our unfeigned thanks for all thy benefits conferred upon us as a people, for our great internal prosperity and peace as a nation, and for the glory and success with which thou hast been pleased to crown our arms, by which thou hast extended the dominion of our gracious Sove- reign, from the river to the end of the earth, but especially we thank thee for the blessings and privileges of the Gospel, whose all-hallow- ing and civilizing power hath placed us on high amongst the nations, as a people whom the Lord hath blessed. Grant we beseech thee that the mighty power and influence with which thou hast endowed us as a nation, may ever be exerted for the benefit of mankind and for the glory of thy holy name. | We beseech theo, most mighty Lord, to save I all Christian Kings, Princes, and Governors, I and especially thy servant Victoria our Queen, that under her we may be godly and quietly governed ; and grant to all that are subject to t lier, faithfully and loyally to discharge the duties of their several vocations as unto the , Lord; and not untó men. O Lord God of Armies, by whoso might alone human skill and prowess can achieve I success in the arena of politics or in the san- guine battle field. O God of our Fathers, I who hast in' times past oft led our armies to triumph, who hast heretofore crowned with glory and success the arms of thy servants now before theo, grant that they may ever acknow- ledge the might of thy glorious hand in their success. Continue to them thy protection, assistance, and blessing. ~ Ever prosper thou their banners in the hour of peril, and ever shed the lustre of success upon their arms. »May these hanncrs which we now solemnly dedicate to theo never be unfurled but in the cause of truth, of loyalty, of patriotism. Do thou ever inspire nil who fight under them with courage, gird them with strength, and lead them to victory. May the sight of these consecrated standards animate them ever with high resolve to heroic deeds, whilst they remind them of their fathers' renown and of the presence of their fathers' God. And to Thee, O Father, Theo O Son, and Thee O Holy Ghost, be ascribed all Majesty and Dominion, and Glory, now and for ever, -Amen. Speech of General Sir Charles Napier, on pre- senting the 22nd Regiment with new colors. " It is a great pleasure to me O soldiers, to close my command of the Indian Armies by having the honour to present to the 22nd Regi- ment their new colors. It is now eight years since this brave regiment, th/"i oidy 500 strong, and under that noble soldier Pennifather, and joined by our dusky nnd brave companions in arms the glorious 25th and 12th Regiments of Bombay N.I. won the battle of Mcance-won the battle of Hyderabad-won Scinde for England, and won for themselves these proud colors decorated with the records of your fame ! Soldiers ! Well may I be proud of bemg your Colonel-Well may I be proud of being Colonel of that Regiment which stood by the King of England at Dittingen - stood by the celebrated Lord Peterborough at Barcelona, and mto the arms of whose grenadiers the immortal Wolfe fell on the heights of Abra- ham. Well ma j' I exult in the command of such ¡»regiment ! But I will pass over by-gone glories and speak of whnt has happened in our own times. Never can I forget the banks of the Fulhiilec, and the bloody bed of that river where two thousand of our "men fought thirty five thousand enemies ! where for tliree hours the musket and bayonet encountered the sword anil shield in mortal combat ! for on that dreadful day no man spared a foo, we were too weak for mercy ! Shall I ever forget the strong and lofty entrenchments of Dubba-where the 22nd advanced in line unshaken, a living wail ! and imder a murderous fire stormed the works ! There those honored old colors of which we have just taken leave, bravely borne forward by their ensigns, Bowden nnd Blake, one of whom, Lieutenant Bowden, I see before mo bearing thom this day, but in a higher rank, were in a few minutes seen waving trium- phantly aloft amidst the combatants on the summit. Men of Meancc, you must remember with exultation and with pride what a view burst upon your sight when, under a heavy fire you reached the bank of the river, a host of shields and Scindian capped and flashing Scimitar», high br.uidished in the air, spread as a sea before you, and 35,000 valiant warriors, of Bcloochi&tnii; threatening you with destruction ! Then the hostile armies closed and clashed together, and desperate combats thickened along the line! The superb 9th cavalry of Bengal and the renowned Scinde horre'-the dal k chivalry of India-burst forth ' as a thunder storm cloud charging into the dry lied of tlie torrent driving the foe before them ! At that moment a terrible cry arose on the ' right ! It was tlie dreadful British shout of battle ! It began with the 22nd and was re- echoed from right to left from regiment to regi- ment along the line ! Lines of levelled bayo- nets now gleamed charging through the same, and the well fought field of Mcanee was your own. Soldiers, these are not clouds that pass away like summer clouds and ure forgotten ! they remain fixed on the minds of men, they are recorded in the pages of history ! Yoimg soldiers of the 22nd-when future battles arise and the strife grows heavy and strong, remem- ber the deeds that were done by these old soldiers of Meanee ! it was they who covered these colors with laurels! It was they who won the legends which these standards bear emblazoned in golden letters on the silks ! remember these things and shoulder to shoul- der 'with the day ! And now young soldiers, a few words about drill. It is tiresome and often disheartening, and annoys men, but remember that it is drill that makes companies, und regiments, and brigades, and divisions act together, and to strike as it were with great and mighty blows-it is drill which gives you the battle and the glory of victory ! *' Ensigns take these new colors from my hands. I know you will carry them gloriously on the day of battle, and if you fall, still the colors of the 22nd will advance, for brave men will never he wanting in the field to bear them forvyard to victory with fire and steel ! and now 22nd, take your colors, and let the ancient city of Chester, begirt by its proud old walls, exult in the glories of its own bravo regiment." Speech of Lieutenant-Colonel Boileau, Com- manding 22nd Regiment in reply to, and addressed to General Sir C. Napier.-" In the name of the officers, and soldiers of your regi- ment, I thank you for honouring us all, by per- sonally presenting our new colors, an honor for which we all feel grateful and proud, and if anything were needed to cause us to feel the value of those colors entrusted to our charge, in peace or war as our chance may be, it will be the cherished remembrance that it was our gallant Colonel who gave them to us with his own hand," After the presentation and the conclusion of the ceremony, the General was pleased to com- pliment the Lieut. Colonel Commanding, the officers, non- commissioned officers, and pri vates, on the soldierlike appearance and highly efficient state of the regiment, and in the even- ing a splendid entertainment was given by the officers in their new and beautiful mess-room, to the ladies and gentlemen who had honored the ceremony with their presence, at which, as colonel of the regiment, Ilis Excellency, pre- sided, having on the right Mrs. Colonel Boileau, and on his left, Mrs. Thornton, the lady of Mr. Thornton, of the Bengal Civil Service, Mrs. M'Murdo being placed on the right of Lieut. Colonel Boileau, the Command- ing Officer. The health of the gallant old General was given with reiterated applause, and very feel- ingly responded to in his own peculiarly ele- gant and eloquent style. His Excellency remained at Dungshai until the morning of Thursday, the 22nd, where, at, a public breakfast, at the mess- house, he took an affectionate leave of all about him, ap- parently much effected at leaving his gallant corps. During the General's visit at Dungshai, the amateurs of the 22nd entertained him with a performance at their new and elegant theatre, the whole regiment cheering their beloved colonel on his coming to and quitting the lines. A grand cricket match between eleven of 60th Royal Rifles and eleven of the "Cheshires" came off in His Excellency's presence, which terminated in favour of the latter. A sergeant's ball was given in the sergeant's mess-room, which was attended by the Com- mander-in-Chief and the whole of the ladies and gentlemen of the station, and indeed it was a pleasing sight to witness the good old Chief freely conversing with the sergeants and their families, entertaining them with stories in his own peculiar manner. Da. JOHNSON.-When Dr. Johnson courted Mrs. Potter, whom he afterwards married, he told her he was of mean extraction, that ho had no money, and that he had had an uncle hanged. The lady, by way of reducing herself to an equality with the Doctor, replied, that she liad no more money than himself, and that, though she had not had a relation hanged, she had fifty who deserved hanging. I LYING IN iiEn AWAKB. - Nothing can be . more prejudicial to tender constitutions or studious and contemplative persons, than ' lying in bed after one ia distinctly awake or ' has slept a due and reasonable time ; it ne ccssarily thickens the juices, enervates the solids, and weakens the constitution. A free open air is a kind of cold bath, especially j after rising out of a warm bed, and conse- I quently makes the circulation brisker and j more complete, and braces up the solids, I which lying in bed dissolves and soaks in moisturp. The erect posture and the activity j of walking makes tho perspiration more plen- tiful, and ,the gross evacuation are more readily thrown off. This is evident from j tho appetite and hunger those that rise early feel, beyond that which they get by lying , long in bed. < ?? 