MINING INTELLIGENCE. (From the Bathurst Free Press.) ON Saturday last the town was all bustle with Sydney merchants, equipages, and gold diggers. Some of the latter having been more successful than their neighbours, had come into town to turn their gold into negotiable money. Many parcels changed hands in the course of the day. The most interesting transaction of the day in every point of view was the sale of 7lbs. 8ozs., belonging to a company of four men of good character. Of this quantity 46 ozs. was in one solid piece, which was picked out of the earth by a poor but honest Scot of the name of Henderson. We learn from a gentleman who was near at the time when the golden prize was first perceived by Henderson, he was struck both speechless and powerless, and fell prostrate on the earth. This piece is the largest which has yet been discovered. In shape it is an irregular oblong, much of the shape of a shoulder of mutton, with a transverse diameter of 5 inches and a conjugate of 4. A smaller piece was found shortly afterwards, about 4 inches long by 2 inches broad, and weighing 18; ozs. Besides these were several smaller lumps weighing in all 21 ozs., making a total of ribs. 30 ozs., which was purchased by Captain Hindson of Sydney, at the rate of £3 4s. 6d. per ounce. A cheque for £282 3s. was handed in our presence to the worthy Scotchman, who appeared as if he could hardly understand this sudden stroke of good fortune. Henderson's company had been at work four days, and consisted of four men. A party consisting of Messrs. Hawkins, Lone, and others - eight in number, disposed of their golden crop also on Saturday to Mr. Campbell, of the firm of Smith, Campbell, and Co, merchants, of Sydney, which brought them £36 each. Tom's party sold the produce of their labours for five days, which averaged £2 per man per day for a period of five days. A party consisting of six men, of whom Mr. Smith, saddler, of William-street, was one, arrived in town yesterday. Their stock amounted to 27 ozs. 2 grs., and was purchased by Mr. Austin for £81 2s. We learn from Mr. Smith that his party had been five days at work, and that on an average they had washed' 400 buckets of earth a day. Another company of six men, who had been at work eight days, realised gold to the value of £95 5s., making an average of nearly £2 per day each. This lot was purchased by Mr. Austin, as also several other smaller quantities, varying in value from £15 to £20. Up to the present time Mr. Austin has been the most extensive purchaser in town. There are considerable quantities still in the possession of parties at the diggings. The above particulars are not given with the object of inflaming the minds of the already too excited multitude. From all we can learn the parties named are the most successful of the whole number who have left their ordinary occupations for gold-digging. The great desideratum would be to arrive at an average result of the earnings of the whole as nearly as possible. But as the organ of caution appears to be tolerably well developed in very many of them, this is impossible. Many who are doing a successful business are the reverse of com- municative, for very obvious reasons. Others whose returns are small are ashamed to confess the truth Some time will have to elapse before anything like an approxima- tion to the truth can be arrived at. One thing, however, may be set down as a fact, that all who go to the diggings and work, get gold either in larger or smaller quantities. Great numbers pass through the town daily. Yesterday Dr. Machattie's assistant counted 210 people on the Swallow Creek, road, the great majority of whom were from Sydney. M'Uiy poor, miserable looking creatures, foot- sore," penniless, and friendless, have arrived hither on their way to the Land of Gold, the well-disposed, most probably to starve, and the remainder to become a nuisance, if nothing more, to society. A gentleman who resides a few miles out of town on the Sydney road, informed us yesterday that a poverty-stricken being hobbled up to his place on Sunday last, and after stating that he was hungry, and without money, he offered a neckerchief for sale that he might procure something to eat. Such infatuation, with winter setting in, must be productive of dreadful consequences. 9 The following letter has been received by a friend in town : " Diggings, 23rd May. 1931. at Dear I have little time to spare, so you needn't expect a long letter. Myself and three mates have now been at work three days, and have got six ounces or thereabouts, of gold, making, I am told, nearly £50 man. This seems a respectable lump, but I can assure you it is well event. Some of my neighbours are apparently doing better than we are, and others much worse. The gold we have found is all fine, or what they call dust I believe. An adjoining company have been lucky enough to pick up a little nest about the size of pigeon eggs, which has enhanced their earnings very materially. I should say that on that day they must have learnt from £5 to £6 aman, but there are plenty not doing more than the rate of 10s. per day, and when out of VH? they have paid for their rations, at the high prices that are charged here, they won't have much to who at about " There is one thing which surprises me not a little-that in many cases, stout willing men come here with a capital rig, and slave from morning to night - from dew to sunny eve, and do perhaps only moderately well. others' come with their tin pots and pan lids, aided, perhaps, by a two-pronged pitchfork, or a superannuated fire shovel, and do a raking business. A little shrimp of a fellow, about the size of an Esquimaux Indian, with no earthly implement but a two forked stick and the ghost of a dilapidated frying-pan and would you believe it, the insignificant Htue varmint did a stroke to the tune of about 50 in half a day ; whilst at the same time our company, is strapping fellows, with strong limbs and a way of using them, were then became very- little. I felt intensely disgusted with myself. and was half inclined to look upon my fraction of a friend with respect. But he was what is termed a lucky man, and I would not have you imagine that on account of his extraordinary success intending miners are to come provided with forked sticks and tWine Pms- The same sort of luck may fall to the lot of those who are better accoutred, and so far as a steady business is concerned, their chances are ten to one. H Sydney people are thronging very fast upon us and as we hear that they line the roads by hundreds, my impression is that they will be compelled to go prospecting. We are now as a thick as mushrooms after a brisk shower on a fine summer's morning. Some of these old ¡ California diggers attempt to come the bounce I over us, and assume a great deal on their experience ; but as a general rule, they are not a fraction more fortunate than our untutored selves One little fellow came here a few days ago, and after measuring and bullying, and winking and cursing, in a style which was intended to let us know that he was aware of a thing or two, he went to work like not a grave digger but a gold-digger. The sparks flow from the point of his pick, thick and fast, and the sweat drops rained from his forehead. Now and again he dashed into the creek, up the hips, with his collinder, and shook and waved it most scientifically. This killing pace he maintained about two hours, when all at once his heart teas back. The " dust" did not come at his call, and ashamed of his braggadocio, he quickly shouldered his pick and washing machine, and bolted into the hills like a red shank, and has not since been heard of. ' . "If you come bring plenty of bedding, woollen clothing, a month's rations, a good pick or two, and a heavy crowbar, light ones being of no use. A little spirits to revive, your own, After leaving the cradle, would not be amiss You cannot keep yourself dry. I will write again shortly and give further particulars. " Yours, truly." s 