PAPER-MAKING IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. In our publication of this day we present to our readers another letter from our correspondent, Mr. Thomas Barratt, accompanied by some paper- making statistics and calculations, which possess very considerable interest. A longer letter, of a subsequent date, we do not find it convenient or necessary to publish at present. It will be enough for us to state that it has too many references to the writer's controversy with Mr. Rayne, but contains additional proofs of Mr. Barrett's thorough acquain- tance with the manufacture of paper in all its details. Mr. Barratt came to this colony advisedly, and under the full impression that his practical know- ledge of a very important branch would ensure his being taken by the hand by colonists desirous of promoting any kind of manufacturing industry ap- pearing to be consistent with local facilities and trade requirements ; and we deeply regret that his most useful qualifications have not procured him the patronage he was taught to expect in this colony. We happen to know something of those local facilities which are of the first importance in the establishment of a paper-mill, and we repeat the assurance published in the Register some time ago, that several eligible sites are to be found within 20 miles of Adelaide ; and two of them with a super- abundant and never-failing supply of water for all purposes, and fuel ad libitum, within 12 miles of the city. Our opinions are founded on recollections of several paper-mills in the west of England, in which water was the only power employed, and the amount of capital by no means large. We indulge the hope that Mr. Barratt may yet be induced to remain in South Australia, with benefit to himself and advantage to the community. Port Adelaide Theatre. — On Friday night Mr. Morton King played ' Hamlet ' to a crowded and adoring audience. The gallery was open for the first time, and the ' gods ' manifested a disposition to laugh at the Ghost, and in some of the other serious parts occasionally, but on the whole Mr. King's excellent performance appeared to give great satisfaction. He plays to-night in the ' Hunchback.' Adelaide Hounds.— The pack meet to-morrow at Macgill, at half-past 8 o'clock, and on the following Friday nt the Horseshoe, at 8, when it is hoped there will be a stronger master of the pinks than of late. The rainy weather seems to have put a complete damper on certain well-mounted gentlemen who used to be remarkable for their regular attendance. Foul Chimneys. — A correspondent wishes us to warn our city householders of the danger likely to arise from foul chimneys taking fire. He refers to two cases, in each of which considerable alarm was excited, but by prompt exertion the fire was got under. The first case hap- pened on Saturday at the Eagle Tavern, and the second at the residence of Mr. Louis Joseph, yesterday. 