ADDRESS OF THE REV. DR. FRY RESPECTING THE ; SYNOD OF SYDNEY. To the Editor of the South Australia Gazette. ' Sir — Having for noarly- ton years held the office of Minister of a parish in Hobart Town — to which- 1 am now returning after a visit of two years to England on leave of absence— and, therefore, feeling a. deep interest m tho Colonial Church, and having had a recent view of tho state of religion in' the motlior-couiitry,— I now presumo to submit a few observations to the considera tion of the -clergy and laity of this province. The Into Episcopal Synod at Sydney may be regarded in three important aspects — 1st. As being an Ecclesiastical Council, . legislating authoritatively on matters of faith and discipline. . . 2nd. In regard to the nature of the subjects' on which tho judgment of tlio Synod has beon pronounced. , 3rd. in regard to the judgment themselves. On tho first subject tlio principal questions appear to be — First, tho proper constitution of an Ecclesiastical Synod in the colonics. Second, the results which may bo expected from the cstablishmentof such Councils, aud from the exercise of thoir functions. - I do not deem it advisable to enter into a , minute consideration of the constitution of Church Synods, es timating their propriety either by the ecclesiastical usage of former n<ros or_by.the.uractico.of.motlfirti-trilni- Uals j butTo di i'ect attention to the great scriptural pre cedent which forms the undeniable basis of all delibe rative assemblies of Christians, tuid which affords a Di vine authority for the direction of the members of tho Colonial Church in tho present important crisis of its intercuts. 1 " , In tho 16th chapter of tho Acts of tho Apostles it, is related that a difference of opinion existed among the members of the Church as to whether the converts from Heathenism should be compelled to observe the ordi nances aiid. rites of tho Levitical law. An assembly, consisting of tho Apostles, Eldors, and 'all the multi tude' :of, the members of tlio Church, was held at Jeru salem,. in which the subject was debated, tho Apostles ad dressing the whole audience. We aro informed tho result was, that 'it pleased the Apostles and elders, with the whole Church, to send chosen men of their compa ny' to testify to tlio. Gentile converts their judgment, thus formally addressed — ' Tho Apostles and Elders and Brethron send- greeting,' &c.; 'It seemed good unto us, being assembled with ono accord, to send chosen men unto you ;' and again — 'It seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us to lay upon you lio greater burthenj' &o.; This account soems designed to convey the follow ing inferences for direction of tho Church 1st. Even tho human understanding of the writer — and, beyond comparison in a higher degree, the ontnis- ciont spirit of inspiration— must have foreseen that tlio measure adopted by the Apostles for the determination of tut important question would be regarded as a Di vinely prescribed precedent for direction of the Church in similar cases.; 2nd. Tito Apostles associated tho lay members .of tho Church with themselves in deliberating, 'determining, and pronouncing a formal-judgment on-a subject of tho deepest interest and importance, involving doctrinal questions which required tor their solution an accurate judgment and oxtonsivo kttowledgo of Holy Scripture. 3rd. Thoy wore not withheld from allowing this right to tho laity by any fear of tumult or disorderin submit ting to a popular assembly a. question on which great controversy hud been oxcitod, on "which opinions were much divided, and general interest existed. From these facts the following duties appear to / follow:— 1st. That tho laity cannot be excluded from synodi- cal assemblies, for determination of any doctrinal or other questions, without contravening an Apostolic rule, and depriving tlieni of a right to which thoy arc entitled by" declaration of Holy Scripture. 2nd. That their exclusiou involves the responsibility of sotting aside an apostolic constitution for a human one, and tlio undoubted forfeiture of the blessings de pendant upon tin? former. 3rd. That it involves the responsibility of depriving motnbors of tho Church of a. most important right with which thoy aro in vested, by tho decision of the Lord's Word, and that it incapacitates thorn from exhibiting their zeal for tho Lord, and excludes them from a high and profitable moans of serving Him, and advancing tho interests of His Church. 1 4th. The exorcise liy a portion of a society of tho powor ot" judging on religious questions, affecting tho interests of the'.whole body necessarily implies a supe riority on tlio part of thoso who judge, which is usually felt as a degradation' by tho rest — gives rise to suspicion and accusation of arbitrary domination and tyranny over the faith of others— and, when opinions aro vari ous, leads to party spirit, schism, and dissension. 6tlr That us tho exercise of Christian privileges is the duo fulfilment of religious duties, every member of the Church is bound by a sacred obligation to use all lawful means to secure to hiiqsolf and his brethren tho full and free exorcise of this important right ; and however un willing, from retired, habits or disposition, any iudivi- , dual, may bo to take part in public matters, he is bound by conscience to engage in a work on which such im- portinit principles arid interests are dependant. It is.rto, Improper to infer that the Synod of Sydney jijsumed a positive legislative character ; that is, that it promulgated decisions which it designed should bo" en-' forced, by excommunication or other penalties,— for, 1st, the members wero assured that thoy could not thus di- . rectly enforce their decisions ; 2nd, thoy declare that they do not ' presume to think that they can inform or guide the judgment of the Church at large.' It cannot, however but be apparent that tho solemn promulgation of dogmas by bishops, synodically assem bled, convey an obligation' in foro conoioientice attaching condemnation to opposite sentiments, and involving dissentients in a painful responsibility, Tho clinrnc-. ters of the prelates and the objects which they professed, leave no room to doubt that. they were 'animated. ;by, a genuine desire to advance the interests. of. tlio Church ; and in undertaking a measure fraught witli.troubleaiul expense, and Jikoly , to .engender misapprehension, and obloquy, thoy have merited tho gratitude of its mem bers. The subject, therefore, should be regarded not as one of opposition or conflicting interests, but sis a great design calling for the co-operation of all the, members of the Church, in the spirit of harmony and forbear ance.; ' Were I to venture tho expression of my.own private feeling, it would be oiie of regret that tlio Synod had proceeded to the promulgation of dogmas, and had not confined itself to the. measures requisito for the consti tution of an ecclesiastical assembly, to bo adopted by consent of the churches, and whoso authority would bo generally recognised,, and could be enforced. , By the declaration of the Synod of Sydney, tho determination of ecclesiastical regulations is assigned to Provincial and Diocesan conventions ; . to anticipate their judgment by decisions of a Synod composed of a siuglo odor of tlio clergy, is exposed to heavy objections arid great inconvenience. If, however, tho subject be calm ly discussed, and those who engage in it seek forDivirio guidance and the grace to exclude from their discus sions— and still more from their bosoms— all feelings ad verse to tlio meekness and humility becoming those who follow tlio Lamb, the greatest good must result : to tlio Church and to religion. The heart buruihgs and jealousies which prevail at present, admit of at! easy disposal. To . quiet your apprehensions, -your highly respected Diocesan lias only to declare sentiments which I am convinced he fully entertains, and which inclccd is expressed by the Synod, that lie lias no intention of contravening the law laid down by tlio Privy Council, by refusing induction .or admission to holy orders to persons who inay hold either of the general opinions respecting baptism, and that he designed, as tho Synod professes, only to express his own private opinion, and not to attach a sentence of condemnation to thoso who may entertain different viows. In a second letter I propose to submit my reasons for believing that the controversy concerning baptism is founded in agroat degree on a misapprehension of words, and that the difference is not. essential ; also to allude to the distressing condition of the Church- in England, and to point out a very siraplo means by which the much to be desired co-operation of clergy and laity, in promoting the great interests of religion and directing the affairs of the Church may bo secured. — I remain, Sir, your faithful servant. Henry Phibbs Pry. Port Adelaide, January 22, 1861. 