11EVIEW. (From the Tablet ) The See of St. Peter, the Rock^ of the Church, the Source of Jurisdiction, and the ' entre of Unity. By Thomas William Allies, M.A., author of ' The Church of ? England Cleared from the Charge of Schism.' London: Burns and Lambert, 1850. Here is a book which contains the sum mini,f up ot many years of very anxious and most right-minded researches, which have been at length rewarded who tne grace ui conversion. Mr. Allies was a writer of that generosity, that singleness of mind, which gave Catholics all ak-ng a deep interest in nim. It seems so strange that with such devotion to Catholicity, such love and rever ence to the Chair of Peter, such zeal and truthfulness of character, he still seemed un able to recognise the truth when it was before his very eyts. However, the Gorham case has wonderfully cleared up, the atmos phere of controversy, and- enabled many a vision hitherto bedimme'J, to perceive very distinctly what was ail the time true, and known to all the world except to the Pu seyite patty. It is surprising how instanta neously this is felt, now that it is evident no amount of agitation can make the English Church Establishment cense to be what it is. Men rub their eyes and suddenly see that, alter all, the Church, Catholic is where it always was, in communion with the See of P,eter, and nowhere else at all. Probab-y all or most of the facts .vr. Allies, in. this learned woik, brings together, were known to him before, but he had not pot into the riu'ht perspective to see them. He all along saw, whnt one need hardly glance at the Fathers 'to see, that the sussessor of M. Peter is. not like any other Bishop; that he has, and n-lways had, a special office in ,the Catholic Church, whatever that office may be. An office of the most marked kind, no 'mere prectdency, to be registered in a calen dar at the head of others, like. the Arch bishop of Canteihury after the Blood-Royal, but something vital and essential. I o deny this argues a man to be either ignorant or dishonest, and Mr. Allies was neither. He | accordingly admitted the fact very broadly, with a candour that frightened his old asso ciates, at the very time they were glad enough to shelter themselves under his au thority to remain where they were. ' Mr. Allies has examined the. subject, and he thought he ought not to go.' Many of those who will now he the most con temptuous in speaking of Mr. Allies' most { noble and generous sacrifices, many who will read with a sympathising sneer the Times' paragraph headed ' Perversion,' were the readiest to suit their own con sciences by the result of Mr. Allies' earlier labour. All1 his immense admissions in favour of Catholicity they set down to. his absurdity, whilst they appropriated his con clusion that' they were not \o vao\\-:-, as if he ; w.as, the., mqst' truB.tworthy guidT~the~~T^ I i Let us hope, h.o^evur,; it.is not.ao wjji .]' I ' and that;-naniyj w tnut(h:-.8eejngi mind will I 1 ' ri;ve- another- lesson- from the conscienii ' I 'f^W.^ .e m.l-pd ieel in- the. p^ g , ^ 0's I ',%bfi\ wor,k).,it8elt-,.is;s|,ui^,d 3Q, full, Qf; „ . (U8' I that*it .-ift-diffixjojlt. foj give, an . analy^ JJ er I antf»we; can- only- say. that all persons' W' I fbiisiftes^ -itjs, to be, familiar, with tha Sqrj ' 1 ? r4 and-.patpi.siic. af g,uiriient3,;for(, 'tJis ' Pr.;, ' '' I J ofi.tb».GI»ir -of- P*Uf j. wiliiihere &i; ^ I ! mirable repertory qf: them, arranged and '' I . ib'rth w)\h Wfy^X power i)m a°writer {^ I ? whq.,dEaw8 ii- qm. 6t?ig.mal; so.urees,, and .J* I ! iiasi. studied:; for, himself. We.'. neeti l '°- I ! add;.- that- if is a work of the hiohesE interest 1 for those (and. surely they arfc a!| edUcateii Catholics whatever) who wish to watdi t|« ' issues, of the. great Angiican, controversy' VIr Allies, from the fir.st, had fixed his mi,ir'i on the question of the Papacy as the key of ' the whole. conti.over&y; ,. and res^lyedtosatisiy himse.f about that, feeiiog that., everjth'iiw else turned upon i\ Four years ago be had made, as we have seen, great progress to wards' a solution of his doubts, and this solution, as events went on, approximated more and more to a clear certainly. jjiu m let us hear him speak for himself :— fg ' ?- In tire meantime, what l\e saw of the aqtual state m of, the Roman Commu ion in other lands, of the m principles on which it was based, and of the friJ;l3 K which it produced, deeply nioved and affected him, m ? Thai Communion seemed in full possession of the R ^reat sacerdotal and sacramental system for which E earnest Anglicans were vainly struggling, as well as K of that religious unity, the name of which in an \ Anglican mouth sounded like a mockery, amid the * deep contradictions both as to principles and as t» » practice, which are equally tolerated and supporttil ¥ by the. Establishment. When just at this moment tl»At one only doctrine of all ihose mooted at the Reformation, which had appeared to him to be as ? - unquestionably taught at least by the formularies of ; the Anglican Church, as by the ancient Church- it the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration — was if brought before the tribunal of the Court ol Arches, m and thence carried,' by appeal, to tho Queen iu || Council. . i§ ?* This fact first brought home to the wiiter tfce ft real nature of the Royal Supremacy. m ? w 41 He found that Supremacy of the civil [lower a m consist in a supreme jurisdiction over the Establish- m ment in matters. both of Faith and of discipline, and m in the ilerivation of Episcopal mission and jurisdio || tion— not as to their origin indeed, but as to their II exercise from tbe Crown or the nation. Tlie writt-r W at once fele that he must repudiate either tit t Su- if premacy, or every notion of the Church, that is, the if divinely- constituted Society, to which the possession ?- of the truth is Rimnanteed, and which has a conti nuous mission from our Lord for ihe spiritual go vernment of souis, and the building up that humaniiy which He redeemed ? to the measure of tlie stature of tlie perfect man.' The Royal Supremacy, ad : the Church of God, are two ideas absolutely jncom- '? patible and contradictory.'- (Pp. vii , viii) The following passage must- surely ex- K press the feelings of multitudes, It is in I, vain to fly for refuse from such feelings to i any dreamaof rubrics, vestments, and even | confessionals, short of the Catholic Church , I itself. No such medicaments can ot them- i selves heal such wounds: — I ' Any decision to which the Queen in Council might come was unimportant in my sight in com pariaon to the fact that the Queen in Council 1ml the power of deciding in matters of doctrine. ?? Thus J felt before tbe decission came out; m when it came out there was addfd a sense ot shame, of degradation, and ot infamy, which had never before oppressed me, in that i belonged to a commu nion of which the supreme tribunal, when caW I upon to declare whether by its existing rule of u«,- | trine, infants were or were not regenerated by bod Holy Baptism, decided neither that they were n that they were not, but that.the Clergy mightbeie' and teach either one or the other, or both indiiw Cl1' And I felt thus because any error and an) ' lierejf are innocent and innocuous compared to trie that error and heresy are indifferent ; and any eg decision, however erroneous, is honourable cw | pared to that which pronounces it equally lawt | believe and teach that.God the Holy Ghost » g «'- I and that be is not given, to a ch.ld by a certainaci. | ~(P. ix.) I Again: surely the following statement is a very remarkable one, especially for its coi. eluding sentence, which is expressing a w - that is daily being mere felt— via., 'f . Mate supremacy, so far from being a wV and hateful .element to the Anglican C ' makes it what it is. It is baleful o » Puse3ites(if not to Dr. Pusey), »-»' I the very lite-blood of the Anglican her,) ? | not to be escaped from by_ the i^ | cans, except by their, becoming 0 o ; I or setting up a. second schismatical ton.* | nity ; — ' , ^d, | *? It is that power to which the Ang ^'^ |i | first submitted itself in 1534, «*l.hn'ilJiret hund^ I: is tbe power under wtiich it has li«o ,v, v vra» s, and by who^^rawt they hold an i- (1J | U in the power to wlncU, durmg hII^1 | Clergy ; have sworn obedience, as '' ' Supreme Gover nor ?? and the nature of Supremacy is,f that what is subi'iot to it cahnot call., it into question. It is. the rower which not only nominates, but institutes. Bishops ; erects, divides, alters, and extinguishes bishoprics; cause's Convocation' to be summoned or hot to be summoned ; to transact or not to transact business; confirms, or does not confirm Us acts; and in short, the power which constitutes the dis tinctive character of the i Anglican Communion, as to Us government, making it to differ both from the Catholic Church, and alii Protestant sects. Lastly, it is the power which alone makes it a- whole,, the Cathedra Petri of Anglicanism.'.— (Pp. x. xi.) Mr. Allies finally gives us to understand that the real confusion in his mind arose from his not accurately distinguishing be tween orders and jurisdiction. This dis tinction is one that Anglicans are always slow in taking in, real and cogent though it i3. They think it harsh and technical when it is pressed on them in argument, 'the reason of this probably is, that the power of the keys, though so much talked of amongst them, is only a newly-ievived fashion, pro ceeding on no laws but the will of the half dozen Clergymen who pretend to exercise il. When they come really to investigate that subject, they will see that the exercise of the power of the keys is a matter of juris diction. 1 1 does not follow that because you are a Priest you can straightway hear, con fessions and give absolution wherever you please. Nothing, for example, can be more strange than Dr. Pusey's hearin&eonfessioris; in London. He has not been authorised to do so by any body having jurisdiction in that Diocese. To take other instances, from whom emanates, the right of a Bishop to exercise Episcopal functions, to ordain, and to judge in any particular district? Clearly, in Anglicanism, from the Sovereign, Mr. Allies observes, what none of his opponents will be able to explain away ; — 11 The letters patent of every Colonial Bishop de clare in the most express words that Episcopal juris diction to govern such and such a Diocese, which the letters patent erect, is granted by the Crown. ' And not only does the Crown grant this jurisdic tion, but it can recall it after it has been once granted. .-???? '? Take the last exercise of this power. '? The Queen ha3 been pleased by letters under theGreat Seal of the United Kingdom to reconstitute the Bishopric of Quebec, and to direct that the same shall comprise the district of Quebec, Three Rivers, and G*spe only, aud be called the Bishopric of Quebec ; and her Majesty has been pleased to name Hiid appoint the Right Rev. Father in God, George Jehoshaphat Mountain, Doctor of Divinity, hereto fore Bishop of Montreal, to be Bishop of the said See of Queuec Her Majesty has also been pleaaed to constitute so much of the ancient Diocese of Quebec as comprises the district of Montreal, to be a Bibhop's See and Diocese, to be called the Bishopric of Mon treal, aud to name and appoint the Rev. Francis Fulford. Doctor of Divinity, to be ordained and con .teciated Bishop of the said See of Montreal.' ' All that the Archbishop has to do in such a matter is to give Episcopal consecration to a. person ao designated, on pain of having his goods confisca ted, and his person imprisone. : but he does not give the Diocese or the Mission. * ii * * ' Now here let me observe two things. ' First, that the power to nominate for election, or loeleot oue'to be a Bishop, is quite diatinct from the power to institute or confirm, waich latter is the d« Uveianceof the spiritual power of Government. The foimer privileges may be, and are, exercised Ly the civil power ; hut the iatter authority must be de rived from a spiritual source. 'Secondly, the civil power may, if it so choose, give the sanction of icivil law to the assignations of Dioces-es aiiide by the spiritual power ;. and atiach a certain civil validity to the spiritual nets of Bishops instiiuted by sniritual Dower. But here the case is quite different.-- The Diocese is made and erected, divided and altered, solely by. the civil power. The spiritual jurisdiction actually possessed by a Bishop ^ver his flock is taken away, as concerns a part of that flock, and conferred upon another. The Bishop is puiely passive under this. ? ...' And so particular Bishops, already supposed to be under Ihe See of Canterbury, are without permis sion of that See; subjected to an intermediate Metro politan. ' Now, the whole principle of the Anglican Re formation consists in these two things— that the civil power is made the origin of Mission and Spiritual Jurisdiction, and the Supreme Ecclesiastical Judge, lnose who ask for these things to be altered ask that -.yveiurmauon would be pleased to undo all that it did amiss, and so restore itself to Catholic Unity, 'ouluijiat they may be heard, but there are few sgnsof it.'-(Pp- H6- H«.) But we proceed to give the reader an am8' °f llle &eneral; drift of the treateis. M r. Allies begins by viewing the effect and aspect °» Ihe holy bee, as it presents itself as an existing power, holding the Divine frame woik ot the visible Church together. JNo uouy can .deny -that there it stands, the ac knowledged head of one hundred and sixty Millions of Christians. Go back 300 years. \- ^rotestaniiam 'had yet to come,' but tbe 'oiy see was there, and had moulded the wuoie organisation or the Christian word as it then stood . Go back lOOO years ; you find the same power acknowledged without a murmur by all Europe, and by the Patri archs of Constantinople, Alexandria, Antioch, and Jerusalem. Go still further back; into the old Roman civilisation, and at Sardica, in 347, a General Council directs it, not - as a new thing/ but as best arid most fitting, that all Bishops should refer id difficulty, ' to the head, that is, to the See of the Apostle Peter,' and at the first Council of all, that of Nice, it was declared that the '* Koman Church had always tfae Primacy .' That sublime Chair of Peter was always there ; gaze into the long vista of centuries as far as yori will, you will never discover a single space where it does not meet your vision. The writer then takes us over the Scriptural proof of the Primacy, and this, coining from an Anglican, is obviously of peculiar force. We suspect it would sur prise a candid Protestant, who had not turned his attention to this subject, to see the overwhelming weight of evidence the New Testament affords for the authority of the Holy See. ' The Bible is the only re ligion of Protestants,' they say, but to half of its teaching their eyes are shut. We have seldom seen the Scriptural argument on this head brought outwitlr greater clear ness than in a few pages of this treatise, the conclusion namely y that Peter received singly what the other Apostles received cjI lectivety; that he received in addition a superiority of jurisdiction which they did not receive, distinct from the Apostoi'ate, and which, therefore, continued on when the A postdate expired; Then comes a' noble chapter 'On the End and Office of the Primacy,' in which Mr. Aliies developes the great principle of the Primacy of Peter giving unity to the whole Church, and has seized with singular force the idea that when the Church listens to the Holy See she is listening to Peter; It is a truly edifying lesson to hear Catholic truth thus proclaimed by one led to it by nothing save a conscientious heart acted on by the grace of Almighty God ':^— ' Ho» is the Church one P —By that Holy Spirit .dwelling in her. How is the voice of that spirit madfi Unnivn ? - Rv that ftnmp nroan of viaihle nnitv : by that rock which crieB ' Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God ;' by him who perpetually confirms his brethren-; by him who is charged that he love more than all because he has charge of the whole flock. Peter calls his brethren together, Peter con firms their voice. In so doing, he . represents their universality ; or, again, .as the one Chief Shepherd,' as the one keeper of the dour, and holder of the keys, as having in himself the power to biud and loose all, even the whole number, of his brethren, whether collected or distriouted in their several pastures, he pronounces himself, and in so doing he represents their unity. United with a general ci-uucil ; he shows to the world that the Church is universal ; from his own watch-tower, the loftiest ot all, he proclaims to the same world that she is one. ?? Whert Peier speaks, yon have one faith, one homogeneous and harmonious system of teaching — Hacrameuts which embrace the whole sniritual life from the cradle to the grave. He teaches that infants are received into God's Kingdom by the laver of re geueratiou in Baptism, nor: ait* his disciples shocked at his voice, because he likewise teaches, them that if those who have received this Divine gilt sin, they can only recover it by penance; they most enter afresh into that kingdom out of which they have wantonly cast themselves, by the second baptism of tears, and the plank which remains for: the ship wrecked ? where Fetei's voice is not heard, the doc trine of Baptism is either tauerht without the dnr.trine of penance — and then it becomes at once a stumbling block -or is not taught at all, and the whole sacra mental system is overthrown. He teaches, moreover, that our Lord has established a real ministry for the forgiveness of sins, and bestowed on men a real power to consecrate His Body, the source of un speakable blessings to men, the inexhaustible fountain of sanctity , the spring of superhuman love. This, it is which enables him to ask of those who listen to his tcachng the surrender of their dearest affections, and the life of angels upon earth. And he teaches this, not in an ambiguous, hesitating, manner,: as one rather ashamed of his message, who would rather' insinuate than state what he had to say ; but he iff plain spoken in his premises, bold and consistent in his deductions, . From the Divinity ? of our Lord's Person be infers that the Lord's. Mother has an office and a function in Mis kingdom, of love j from the reality of His Euchuristic Presence he proclaims that S ant 8 J.ve and reign with Him. hear prayers, and w.orlc miracles. The world listens, and aneeis, and cavils, and disbelieves— is affron ted, abuses, per secutes, but th-- elect are converted and saved.' — .(Pp.43-45.) Then come the two main chapters in the treatise — ' The Power of the Privacy,' and ' The Church's Witness to the Primacy,' in which a series of testimonies from the Fathers are given, which will be lound ot great value, both in themselves as the fruits of great labour and scholarship, and, further, as u proof that a lull investigation into patristic antiquity simply lands the conscientious Protestant student' at the very'1 point Worn ; which the Catholic student sets but. The analysis of the one is the synthesis of the other. We must of necessity refer the reader to the treatise itself for evidences so con densed and yet so full as those which are brought together in these pages; They will be found an excellent aid to those who would pursue the investigations of such treatises as De Maistre's. The^concluding chapters on \ the contrasts in essence and effects between i St. Peter's Primacy and the'1 Royal Su premacy is full of matter for reflection. Let us conclude with the following quotation:— 'A new Episcopate, deriving its mission from Queen Elizabeth, and perpetually dependent for Us jurisdiction on the Crown of England, and owning in that Crown its Supreme Ecclesiastical Judge, arose. This is its origin, this the principle on which it is built, the subjection of the spiritual power to the oivil in spiritual things, in faith, and in discipline. Humanam conati sunt jacere Ecclesiam. . . They attempted, and , they have succeeded. For; myself, now that after long years of pain and distress, of thought, qf inquiry, and of prayer, since by the ! mercy of God the light has broken upon me, let me say as much as this— for not to say it would be to \ conceal the strongest conviction, neither formed in a hurry, nor reached without great suffering - let those who can put their trust in such a Church, and such an Episcopate, those who can feel their souls safe in such a system, work in it, think; for it, write for it, pray for it, and trust their !-ouls to it. But the duty which I owe to Almighty God, and the regard which I have for my salvation, compel me to declare my belief, by word and by act, that it is an imposture, all the more dangerous to the souls of men, to the affectionate, to the obedient, to those who believe that there is ? one Body and one Spirit,' because it pretends to be a member of tbe, Catholic Body, with which it has broken the essential relation, and to possess spiritual powers which it has indeed for feited.: .. . . . ? :;;? ?, -, .. .. . ? » ? ? ? ' Whither, then, shall I turn, but to thee, O glo rious Roman Church, to whom God has given, in its fulness, the double, gift of ruling and of teaching ? Thine alone are the keys of Peter and the sharp sword of Paul. On thee alone, with . their blood, have they poured put their whole doctrine. Too late have I found thee, who shouldst have brought me up in the serene regions of truth, apart from donbt and the long agony qf uncertain years. Yet before I understood thee I could admire ; before I acknowledged thy claims 1 could see that undaunted spirit which would resign everything save the inheri tance, of Christ that superhuman wisdom, by the gift of which, while ? earthly states have bad single con querors or legislators— a Charlemagne here, a Philippe Auguste there— in Rome alone the spiritual ruler has dwelt for ages, smiting the waters of the flood again and again' with the mantle of Elijah, and making himself a path through them on the dry land. But now I see that the God of Elijah is with thee. O too long sought, and too late found, yet. be it given to me to pas's under thy protection the short remains of this troubled life, to wander no more from the fold, but to find the Chair of tbe Chief Shepherd to be indeed .'the shadow of a Great Rock in a weary land .' ''—(Pp. 150—159, 160.) 