1'OiuLíiY FOR THE PEOPLE. KING CANUTE. - (Highly adapted to present times LED A.) King Canute was weary hearted ; he had reigned for years a score ; Battling, struggling, pushing, fighting, killing much, and robbing more, , And he thought upon his actions, walking by the wild sea shore' Twixt the Chancellor and Bishop walked the king with steps sedate ; Chamberlains and grooms came after, silver stocks and gold sticks great, Chnpkins, aides-de-camp, and pages-all, the officers of state. Sliding after like his shadow, passing when he chose to pause ; If a frown his face contracted, straight the cour ' tiers dropped their jaws; If to laugh the king was minded, out they burst in loud bye-laws. But that day a something vexed him, that was clear to old and young ; Thrice His grace had yawned at table, when his favourite glee-man sung ; Once the Queen would have consoled him, but he bade her hold her tongue. " Something ails my gracious master," cried the Keeper of the Seal ; " Sure, my lord, it is the lampreys, served at dinner, or the veal !" " Patea 1" exclaimed the angry monarch, " Keeper was not that I feel. " 'Tis the heart and not (he dinner, feel, that doth my rest impair : Can a king be great as I am, prithee, and yet know no care 0 I'm sick, and tired, and weary Some one cried " The king's arm chair'!" Then towards the lackeys turning, quick my lord, the keeper nodded : Straight the king's great chair was brought him, by two footmen able-bodied ; Languidly he sank into it; it was comfortably padded. ' ' " Leading on my fierce companions," cried tion over storm and brine, I have fought and I have conquered ! Where was glory like to mine ?" Loudly all the courtiers echoed, " Where is glory like to thine is, , 'What avail me all my kingdoms ? Weary am I now and old - Those fair sons I have begotten, long to see me dead and cold ; Would I were, and quiet buried, underneath the silent mould ; "O, remorse, the writhing serpent! at my bosom tones and bites; Horrid, horrid things I look on, though I put out all the lights : Ghosts of ghastly recollections troop about my bed of nights. " Cities burning, convents blazing, red with sacrilegious fires ; Mothers weeping, virgins screaming vainly for their slaughtered hires-" -" Such a tender conscience," cries the bishop, " every one admires " But for such unpleasant bygones, cause, my gracious lord to search, They're forgotten and forgiven by our holy Mother Chut cb ; Never, never does she leave her benefactors in the lurch. " Look ! the land is crowned with ministers, which yonrgi-un.'s bounty raised ; Abbeys filled with holy men. where you and heaven are daily praised ; * . To, my lord, to think of dying ! on my conscience I'm amazed !" " Nay, I feel," replied King Canute, " that my end is drawing near;" " Don't say so," exclaimed the courtiers (striving each to squeeze a tear), " more your grace is strong and lusty, and may live this fifty years, "'Live these fifty years!'' the ribbon roared, . , with, actions made to suit ; ' Are you with, my good lord keeper, thus to speak of King Canute ? Peel have live a thousand years, and sure his majesty will don't.. '"'Adam, Enoch, Lamech, Cannn,Mnhnleel, Me theRe, Lived nine hundred years apiece, and may not the king as well as they "fervently," exclaimed the keeper, fervently ' I trust he may." ' 'VLTe to die!" resumed the bishop, " Hon mortal like to-day / '"Death was not. for him intended, though coin ' round omnibus ; "Keeper,-}ou are irreligious, for to talk and cavil I ' thus. "With his riondrouBskill in healing ne'er a doctor can complete ; Loathsome lepers, if he touch them, start up clean upon their feet ; Surely he could raise the dead up, did his high- ness think it meet. " Did not once the Jon was captain stay the sun upon the hill, And, the while he slew the footmen, bid the silver moon stand still ? , So, no doubt, could gracious Canute, if it were his sacred will." " Might I stay the sun above us, good Sir Bishop ?" Canute cried ; " Could I bid the silver moon to pause upon her heavenly ride " If the moon obey my orders, sure I can command the tide. " Will the advancing waves obey me, bishop, if I make the sign ?" Raid the bishop bowing lowly, " Land and sea, my lord, are thine." Canute turned towards the ocean Back," he said, there foaming brine ! " From the sacred shore I stand on, I command thee to retreat ; Venture not, thou stormy rebel, to approach thy master's seat Ocean, he thou still ! 1 bid thee come not nearer to my feet !" But the sullen ocean answered with a louder dcepur.ronr, And the rapid waves drew nearer, falling soundly on the shore ; Back the keeper and the Bishop, back the king and courtier bore. ' And he sternly bade them never more to kneel to human clay. But alone to praise and worship That which earth and seas obey, And his golden crown of empire never wore he ( from that day. 1 King Canute's dead and gone; parasites exist ' already! Rebecca and Rowena. -M. A. TiTMARsh. 