" How to Enjoy a Play," AND " UOW TO BRING TWO PLEASANT MEN TOGETHER." i _ I " Tho Play's thc Thing." To po to the play is ono thing, to enjoy a ploy another. I'kiy-goiug, lum over, must bo classed amongst thu pastimes of by-gono dnys : for tho race of play-goers is extinct. Various reasons Wc hoon assigned for this extraordinary declino in tho national taste. Sonia sexagenarian growlers assort that wo have not any actors ?worth goiite to se». Thin swooping censuro is .11 unjust as unfounded. True it is that wo have no longer a " Kemblo," a " Siddons," a " Kean," and an " O'Neill," and that wo may look in vain for tho '* Coriolanus," tho " Constance,'' thc Othollo,'' and tho " Bclvidorn," of a quartor of n century ago ; but thom in no lack of talent if tho public would but think 80. lt is not to a dearth of genius amongst tho .members of tho " corp» dramatique" that tho -nliscnco of patrician audiences is to bo attri- buted, but to tho undramatically lato, hour nt which all Christtau people dino in thone dege- nerate timos. Lato dinners carry tho day against theatricals ; first courses take prece- dence of first acts ; " Bechamels" and " Salmis'' -throw " Shaksporo"' and " Sheridan" into tho »halie; and until peoplo will consent, like Mr Tyler's animals in tho Surrey Zoological Gar- dens, to feed nt flvo o'clock, or'postpone the prandial operation to tho termination of tho piny, aftor tho fashion of tho then Mr Wo.lesley Polo, wo shall soo no reaction iii things theatrical. With tho exception of this strong " argumen- tum ad s'omachum," wo never heard of but ono unanswerable reason for not going to tho theatre As / It ls ono seldom add uced by way of excuse, wo will, for tho sake of its originality, confide it to the rehder, vouching nt tho same time for its authenticly, an well ns for tho miseries mid mis- adventures about to bo recorded in, this little chapter. Some years ago n worthy homo-spun couplo came from Herefordshire to tako up thoir abodo iu tho metropolis for a short time, mid ns thoy to»d been particularly recommended to us by ono ?of our country acquaintances, wo wore anxious to selie an opportunity of o Höring thom soma polite attention. On one occasion n private lins lad boen lent us by a friend, mid it so hnpponod .that'Mr Charles Young was to perform tho cha- racter of Hnmlet on that evening ; so that tho otter wa» doubly vnluable. As wc really-liked tho Herefordshire folks, we flow to their subur- ban villa nt Chelsea, to amiounco tho good news. In tho full expectation of their joyfully availing themselves of eo'excellent nn opportu Jilty nf seeing tho best actor of tho ago. Tho Indy, to our surprise appeared to hosltato i and after much " hem"-lng and " lia".ing, and ." really I'don't know''-it's very unfortunato" ?nm! a few other expletives which puxxlod us ex- ceedingly, tho murder canto out at last-" Why, really, Sir," stammered forth tho darno, " I feel I excessively obliged by your kindlier in offering i to take »is to tho play, but-you seo-I cannot I possibly gt» to-night, for - for - it's washing j week ! ! .''* What suds and wet linen liad to do with not j B°'"g to witness the performance of llnmlot we j wera nt a loss to imagino. Tho washing (aye, I there's the nib) was paramount to ovory other j fooling. Argument, persuasion, entreaty, were I tried in vain ; nothing could shake the lady's firm resolve -so we left her. As we were a bachelor in tho days wo write of. wo betook our- selves to Richardson's Piazza Hotel, in Covont Garden, when, having discussed our solo and cutlet, wo made our way to tho theatro in time to onjoy Mr Young's matchless pcrformanco._ In spite, however, of the excellence of the acting, and tho histrionic treat afforded us, our thoughts would occa.-ionalty recur to tho whimsical excuse nf tho Herefordshire durne, and between tho HCl» somo doggrcl rhymes would jinglo in our car in' reference to the Chelsea washing tubs. Tho lady and her excuse haunted us, and ere wo laid our hoad upon tho pillow, wo perpetrated tho following blt of nonsense : Whether 'tis nobler in tho mind to pay A visit to the wash-tub, or thc play t Tlu'it is thc question. Wera it best to mope O'er Hamlet's wrongs, or io tho suds to grope 1 To raiso the passions, or tho D'Oyloy's steep. To chap, or clap, the hands-to wash, or weep t Abroad to mark tho shifting* of tho snouo. Or make, at home, thu Holland shifting clean t With wild Opholia's woes to wot tho oyo, Or spread tho iindor-petticoats to dry P To lean o'er lather, soap- or'ific, dull. Or listen to tho jokes on Yorick's skull ? Long paused tho dame ; awhilo to Shakspoaro true, Sho clung to scenes his magic pencil drew ; When V:olly calls, " Madam, tho copper boils," And merged Thalia 'midst a tub of toils. Who can enough tho prudent darno admire. Who quits tho poet's, for tho laundry's fire ? Whou dissipation's snore in vain environs. Who leaves thc brilliant boxes, for box-irons ? Who, all the depths of tragedy forogocs, Save thc catastrophe of hanging clothes. What tho' the Roman matron nobly bled, When foul dishonour stained her nuptial bcd ; How fur superior our Lucretia's boast, Who, for foul linen, cou givo up -tho ghost ! Learn hence, yo dames, whom pleasure tempts to roam, . To prize the humbler duties of your homo ; Without their doors no prudent housewives go. Whilo " they have that within which pastéth show." As our pen is at the present moment running upon theatrical subjects, wo will relate, as tem- perately as our lacoratcd feelings will permit, a series of disasters which befel «s on a cer- tain evening in Covent Garden theatro some, no matter how many, years ago. Some few of our respectable, middlo-nged play-going readers, may remember tho night upon which that talented and fascinating actress. Madame Vestris -wo beg her pardon-Mr« Charles Matthew-*, played Lady Teazle for the first time. When a lady is in question wo never chroniclo dotes : suffice it to say, that some few ycarB bock, this accomplished " artiste" was prevailed upon by her friends au il admirers, and their name is logion, to select this character for her benefit. Tho pcrforiuauco took place at Covent Garden, when that theatre was under the managemout, we believe, of Mr Charles Kemblo. If we have a falling, it is an overweening pre- dilection for this " chef d'oeuvre" of Sheridan's. On tho occasion wo aro recording, tho wholo strength of tho company came forward to sup- port "tho deservedly popular " Beneficiare," and wc question if tho character.« in this exquisite comedy were over mure ably filled. We have not tho " bill of the play" to refer to, but wo well remember that tho principal parts wero cast as follow .. Sir Poter Teazle.Mr Farren. Sir Oliver Surface.Mr Dowton. Charles Surface.Mi-Chas. Kemblo. Joseph Surface .........Mr Chas. Young. Sir benjamin Backbite....Mr Jones. Crabtrco .Mr Blanchard. .Moses.Mr Webster Trip.Mr Balls. Lady Teazle.M adara o Vestris. M ra Candour .Mrs Glover. Lady Sneer*ell.Mrs Orger. Maria.Miss Smithson. On reading such an announcement wo betook ourselves- forthwith to the box office of tho theatre, and wero fortunato enough to securo ono of tho best boxes in tho house, tho third from tho sta-e. Reader, aro you partial to theatricals f do you really ami truly take delight in a porfcctly porforuiod play ! If so, has it ever been your lot to find yourself in a box with three or four giggling girls, a brace or so of chattering pnp I pies, or a couple of stockbrokers discoursing of consols, scrip, and Spanish bonds P These aro but passing grievances, to which tho real lover of the drama is occasionally sub- jected ; hut tho " summum ma lum " of nui- sances in a theatre is a papa and his Utils boy. Head nnd commiserate. Shortly beforo seven o'clock on tho ovonmg rcforrcd to, we ontorcd our box, accompanied by a strong party, con- sisting chiefly of mcmbcrB of our own family. Tho houso wus, to uso a well-known and em- phatic phrase, crammed to thc ceiling : a con- vincing proof of tho attractive natnro of tho bill of faro. Whilo tho overturo was being played, Mr Spring, with one of his blnndest smiles, en- quired if the two unoccupied scats in our box woro likely to bo filled by any of our .' Into friends,'' before tho expiration of tho first act ; for ho was bosieged for places by applicants, and would ostoem it as tho highest possible obliga- tion if wo would on such an occasion allow him to accommodato a highly respectable- »XIII and his son with tho empty spaces in tho back row. Wo novor could say " No in our lifo, ; but lacking this failing, an appeal from Mr. Spring was ever irresistible - assent was therefore given, and tho " highly rospcctatle gentleman und his son" admitted. Tho curtain rose, and Parren, as Sir Poter, mada his appearance. " La 1 papa ; who's that? what a rum-looking old gentleman." was tho first exclamation of thc little wretch. " That's Slr Peter Teazle, my dear," answered tho alloctionato parent : and as each character Oppenrod successively, tho same interesting Interrogatories nnd responses were Interchanged between the two. Thcsu interruptions woro of themselves suffi- cient to radio the pntionco of a thorough play- goer ; but tho infliction did not omi beru ; every speech uttered by each porformcr which " took" with tho nudionco nnd clioitod applause, wa? carefully repented, with explanations, to the inquisitivo urchin. When wo look upon thc misory endured on that evening, wo nro thankful that it did not force us into tho commission ol any rash act-murder perchando ¡ yet had wc inflicted summary vongennco on tho offender, surely any enlightened jury of our countrymen would httvo roturnod a vordlcb of "justifiable homicide.'' Tho first act passed of! as wohnvodoscrlbed 5 foi in dotianoo of tho repeated calls for silence, thc froquont and impatient interjectional " hushes," and othor unequivocal expressions of disgust al tho annoyance tho intruders occasioned, the j took not tho slightest notloo of our remon- strance. Wo even insinuated In tho politesl man nor that wo woro perfectly satisfied with thc comedy ns reprotoutod on tho stage, mid timi wo could very wall disponso with n second-liant version with note« and explanations-a vorun duplicate, In fact; of tho author's text. All in vain !-tho martyrdom continued. Wo cnn give from recollection tho following* as instances of tho sort of running commentary upon the play, furnished by this agreeable pair. In the sceno which discloses the delicious ma- trimonial squabble between Sir Veter and his tantalizing wife, and when, during the progress of tho altercation, ho reproaches her for indul- gence in undue extravagance, winch accusation she parries by observing that the several items complained of aro absolutely necessary .for a woman of tasto. Sir Peter unguardedly rcplios, " Zounds, madame, you had no taste when you married mo ; " which brings forth tho caustic rojoindcr, " True. Sir Peter; and having mar- ried you, I ought to renounce all pretensions to taste for tho future.'' Tho npplauso was rap- turous and unanimous " What aro tho people clapping their hands for,papa ?" enquired young hopeful. " It's a play upon tho words, my dear," replied tho papa. " Silence !" cried wo, " Tho words of tho play you mean, papa-aro they so funny ?" " Silence !" once moro wo bawled, but without producing any effect. When tho scan- dal-loving " coterie" aro congregated in Lady Teazle's " boudoir," thc group consisting of her ladyship, Mrs Candour, Cady Snocrwell, Crab- tree, and Sir Benjamin Backbite, tho latter is persuaded, ut tho solicitation of his undo, to givo them n specimen of his epigrammatic powers by reciting tho linos written " in the crack of a whip" on Lady Tcazlo's phaeton ponies. With affected reluctance ho pulls out his pocket-book, and recites the following well known couplets : " Sure never wero soen two such beautiful ponies ! Other horses aro clowns - but these Ma- caronics ; To givo. them this title I'm sure can't bo wrong, Thoir logs aro so slim, and their tails aro so j long." " What does ho call tho ponies * Macaroni' for, papa!'' said tho youngster "Why,'re- plied his communicative sire, ." because it is long nnd taper-don't you recollect yon had somo macaroni tor dinner last Sunday ?" " Yes' papa," responded the little dear-" but Maca- roni isn't made of ponies, is it ?'* At this stage of tho procoodinga wo took the liberty of requesting this oxemplnry parent not to annoy our party by repeating to his child the dinloguo kept up by tho actors ; nt the same time hinting as delicately as we could, that it lind been an overstrained net of courtesy, tho ad- mitting him into our box at all. By tins very tom pera to remonstrance, wo wero rouiantio enough to hopo that wo lind succeeded in putting a stop to the interruptions. Bootless expectation I our rhetoric was thrown nwny. In, tho celebrated screen sceno, whero Lady Teazle endeavours to conceal herself, when tho plot of tho play has roached its most interesting point, and nt the moment when every individual in tho houso was worked up to a pitch of breath lens nnxioty, this interesting child squeaked out, " I say, pa, what has she run behind tho screen for ?" and his devoted father answered, " to hiilo herself, my dear, from her husband ; you know Sir Peter Tcazlo's hor husband, and »ho's in another gentleman's room !" (To be concluded in our next.) 