ENGLISH EXTRACTS. FATHER GAVAZZI'S ELEVENTH ORATION. " CHDIICII , PuEcErTS.". Dealing less in broad and comprohen sive theories, and descending into th practical working of a system which h reprobates, tho speaker addressed himscl to a host of minor details, which the stil increasing multitude of his Italian hearer palpably relished, but which wore, pei haps, less interesting or intelligible to hi numerous British auditors. With undi minished powers of illustrative elocution and unabated energies, he entered into th minuto bye- laws of an oppressive, onerous meddling, and frequently immoral legisla tion resulting from the irresponsible swn; of a priesthood ignorant of tho wants reckless of tho rights, and hostile to tin feelings, of the laity. It was not merely nations in their corporate capacity thai found a foo in tho fox wbóso den was in i Roman hill, (juclln volpo clio siede in Vaticnn'o-^Z)áHÍ«) but families, homesteads, and individua wrongs, boro testimony to thoio sinistci influences in over activo and evil opera tion. , . He traced to tho utter extinction of thc primitive popular element iii Christian assemblies this disastrous chango in thc originally sound and bénefícónt codo ol tho early canons. The ambassadors ol kings watched tho doings of churchmen ii: general councils, but the pcoplo had nc longer any organ nor delégate there. Thc Pope, by . his rotten boroughs of bull created bishoprics, absorbed the whole rc presontatioá of Christendom, arid tho pro- ceedings n't Trent. were à gigantic sham, Tho present constitution of ecclesiastical boards at Rome, presuming to regulate tho spiritual concerns of mankind, was absolutely revolting. Tho red-tapists of a blind and unteachable native court wéró reinforced by tho dregs of, Don Mi- guel from Portugal, of Ferdinand the Embroiderer from Spain, of tho old Sar- dinian Camarilla, aided by Neapolitan ignorance, tho strings of tho whole pup- pet-show being pulled, by an Austrian or Russian ambassador in tho name of tho Holy Ghost. Such was the actual me j chanism of Catholicity-such tho tecumo ! nical character of its legislation, i Marriage was an essential ingrediont of I civil society ; to monopolise its arrange- ments and to usurp its direction was a crying abuso on tho part of tho priest- hood. At this moment Piedmont is en 1 gaged in a death-struggle with Rouie for tho riddance of its intermeddling with conjugal contracts, and the nuncio Mon I signor Bovcrio nt Berne is seeking to in ; validate mixed marriages in Switzerland. I England's tum is approaching. Tho pre I tonco for interference in wedded lifo, I which in apostolic times never entered tho scheme of gospel morality, evett pagan alliances being undisturbed by Paul, aroso from sheer wnntonnoss of ecclesiastical tyranny or tho moro inglorious greed of gain. Tho speaker traced the riso of traffic in dispensations, and showed what a powerful instrument of annoyance to kings, what a formidable weapon in tho hands of tho papacy, was tho assumption of a control over wedlock, and tho claim to bless or ban the nuptial bcd, from tho days of Robert of Franco down to tho Reformation, when tho fatal ongino recoiled on tho pontifical engineer. Capricious figments of spiritual or con- structive n(finity had boen Bupernddod to thc Hobrow cataloguo of impediments, and their removal made a branch of fiscal emolument. European maternity and tho suckling of legitimate offspring were re- gulated by tho she-wolf of Rome, and became tho prerogative of that lupanar. Tho hardships and immoral results of this traillo in its bearing on tho poorer classes, and its attendant scandals in tho higher ranks of society, woro ably indicated, and tho anomaly of tho sacramental character overriding and overthrowing tho intrinsi- cally social and domestic nature of tho contract learnedly devolopod. The precept of fasts and distinctions of food was next anatomised, and its op pres»» ve and unequal pressure an thc various nations, climates, and individual abstainers, shrewdly illustrated, ?' The «b< surdity of enforcing fish diet on districts utterly unpisoatorial, or a vegetarian re gime on mountaineers whose only re- source was the goat in their unbotanica! "ridges^ the undignified decrees on ''drip- ping," and tho puerility of pastorals about eggs, only equalled by the anti-cliumx ol in tho naino of tho prophet, figs 1" thc ludicrous result of orthodox Italy and Spain being mado to promote thc herring fisheries of thc heretic Dutch, and work the cod-banks of northern Protestantism, through their fictitiously- created necessity for haccala, were topics which lost nothing in thc; treatment of the orator, whose ver- satility of style equals his vehemence Hie famous bull of the cruzada in the Spanish peninsula, bearing on tho operation of tho precept, next afforded abundant materials for alternate scorn and critical scrutiny. Issued in thc first instance as a stimulant to tho war of expulsion nguinst the Sara- cens ('' who were a sort of medieval Aus- trians, foreign intruders in Spain, but loss brutal than Italy's modern Moors, far moro refined and not half so ob- jectionable . as our. ' Croats"), the scheme of compounding : in hard cash for sterile and unproductive absti- nence was found, when the crusado was over, too profitable a speculation" for abandonment. Tickets of exemption were accordingly, and are still, sold at lottery offices iii the public streets, and the management, of this monstrous, im- posture presents in Spain a regular orga- nisation. Tho head contractor with the Court of Homo for this gastronomic mining privilege - this California ' of credulity-was, not long ago, tho Jew Emanuel, *o who so thence-gathered wealth wo owo tho Stabat Mater" of Rossini, composed and paid for by his order out of the proceeds of humbug. In point of fact, tho pale of these cruzada tickets is carried on after a fashion of pious quack- ery, by sound of trumpet, and with boast of their efficacy, such ns Dottor Dulcamara alone exhibits on tho stage ; and though tho commerce of indulgence was rudely checked long ago in northern Europo, brisk transactions still continue in tho samo commodity southwards. Gregory XIII., to quicken the demand, issued a brief, extending tho controvertibility of this currency, and establishing its acknow- ledgment by tho exchequer of purgatory. Tho financial details in connexion with this latter establishment the speaker dwelt on at sonio longtli, evidently to thc bewilderment of the British portion of his auditory. Saints' festivals nnd tho host of obliga- tory holyduys, in their consequences on in dustry and wages, gave full scopo to thc denunciation of tho father, whoso proteste in favour of tho poor man's share in the benefits of the Gospel were delivered with fearful energy, and tho claim of churchmen to curtail his already straitened circum- stances by the enforcement of compulsory idleness, for tho mere purpose of clerical glorification, scouted as intolerable. AB to tho manufacturo of saints by the ex- clusivo machinery of a Roman board, not as Of old, by tho spontaneous acclama- tion of tho people, he delivered his opinion with full argumentative freedom ; and, adverting to the unlimited expenditure which tho modern process of canonisation entails, and tho grasping dem amis of cor- rupt officials in thc chancery of Romo, he recorded tho remark of Count Borromeo, when his great uncle, the Cardinal ol Milan, was finally lodged in thcEmpyreum by a papal decree, that another saint in tho family would be absoluto ruin and downright bankruptcy. Tho penal injunction hy which tho Fourth Council of Lateran sought to render auricular . confession obligatory at Easter, under monaco of excommunica- tion and loss of Christian burial, was nn enactment only productivo of hypocrisy and fraud. Billets de confession were tho most preposterous of all certificates; a hideous object of transfer on thc part of degraded beings 'in Rome, where tho sacraments,, of Christ -were made instru- ments of police, and tho confessional, like the ear. of Dionysius, became a receptacle through which tyranny gained treacherous cognizance of secrets not its own. Ho would reservo his views on the origin and gradual extension of this auricular system for fuller development on another occasion ; its foul agoncy was not confined to thc betrayal of patriot honour, but was equally disastrous to maiden innocenco and conjugal purity. Finally, tho canons of ecclesiastical law on tho subject of money loans and usury wera canvassed, and thoir self- contradictory character demonstrated ; whereupon tho speaker took occasion to discuss the circumstances under which tho present priestly ruler pf Romo negotiated his late loan with tho house of Rothschild, which gave him an oponing for a vigorous onslaught on the papal restoration, its agents, and abettors, tho old abusos which had followed in its train, the horrible oppres- sion under which tho territory groaned, and tho over accumulating mass of hatred and execration which must inevitably over- whelm the wrotched papal court on tho withdrawal of its Gallican janissaries. This portion of his address was, of course, not less loudly applauded than his previous more argumentativo disquisi- tions. 