THE LETTER OF ' VOLKSFREUND ' TO THE EDITOR OP THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER* Sir— Tne aoKtt Australian Uasette and Joining Journal contains in its number of the 21st June an article* warning those German's who have as yet no certificate of naturaliza tion not to take part in the approachins elections. Tha snore ariiwo, uiu mjrcwau^ mo iciwrs 01 ?? v OlKStreunu, iddressed to the editor and tho Germans of South Australia, ire, I think, scarcely worth a serious refutation ; for, to the best of my belief, tho writers are known to but few of our jountrymen, and those few possess judgment enough to see through such intrigues, and tren.t them with becoming con tempt. Nevertheless, I shall call the attention of iry coun trymen to what has been written, partly for their amuse ment, but more particularly i» show them what low expe dients a certain party adopts against the liberal candi dates. The article is signed, ' Your countryman, Frtekd op the People.' Every German who reads it will immediately sea the irony of such a signature; for neither our countryman nor our friend could possibly be the author of such nonsense, rhe first is false, as the English style in words and con struction too well proves; and how curious it is, to say the [east of it, that this friend of the German people should have selected as his organ that journal which of all others is least known among his fellow-countrymen, while there are two German papers here which presumptively are read by all German electors ; but our ' Friend' felt pro bably some diffidence in offering such trash to the publishers -f the German papers. This circumstance alone is sufficient oroof of the nonsense of the whole thin^. The fact of tho . jditor having received and declared himself satisfied with the contents of the article I can only ascribe to bis ardour in the cause of the Conservative party. I cannot imagine that he really believes what he says ; and I think I may venture to assure him that there is not one even among tho [ess intelligent of my countrymen who would suffer himself to be intimidated by such threats, or who could not see the drift of such empty twaddle. V The writer evidently intends to prevent the German slectors from voting, because he knows that their votes will be given almost exclusively to the liberal candidates ; and in this way he seeks to snatch, if possible, a majority for the non-liberal candidates — as for instance, in East Adelaide, for Mr. Fisher, where the German votes will presumptively turn the scale in favour of a liberal. But who in the world will believe that a member of the Legislative Council would act so against all reason, against all sound sense, and against the expressed judgment of the colonists, and deny tho Germans their right to vote because they have not paid their £2 to be naturalized ? Besides, it is not clear where this imposition originated — whether it is a legal arrangement of the British Government, or whether, and more probably, it is not an arbitrary tax imposed upon the Gcrmaus by the officials of this colony. The first step to such an objection against our countrymen that any non liberal candidate might attempt would assuredly, if suc cessful, hand him over to the hatred and contempt of ? all German and British colonists ; and I do not think I go too far in saying that the whole colony would rise like one man to defend us. Several liberal candidates who have a good chance of being elected, and among them particularly Mr. Dutton (who our ' Friend of the People,' says is not our real friend), have personallytassurcd mo that they not only con sider such an invasion of our rights as too absurd to be successful, but that they would do all in their power to oppose such a jthing with the utmost determination and contempt. I am not an elector myself ; but as the result of the elections will have as much influence upon my welfare as upon that of an elector, I have taken a great interest in tho movements. of the different parties; therefore, what most surprised me in our ' Friend's' articlo is tho limited intel lectual capacity he imputes to us in supposing that we should believe such nonsense. Hitherto the efforts to break in upon the liberal voters, and entice them to the other side, have been made with a certain degree -u cunning — as for example tho idea of starting a third liberal candidate for East Adelaide. Finding, however, these more subtle means could not overcome the tact and good sense of the German voters, the non- liberal party have thrown off the mask without ceremony, and are now determined to cut the Oordian knot with the sword of intimidation. I cannot help quoting a part of the letter of this ' Friend of the People ;' but before I could do this, I have been compelled to correct the numerous errors it contains, other wise it would be wholly unintelligible :— ' I assure you there has been a trap prepared for you, and the only way to avoid it is to stop at home. Any one of you who shall vote without possessing a certificate of naturali zation may within a week find liimself in prison, should any one think fit to require it In suoh a case you would be brought before a Magistrate, required to find security, have to employ a lawyer, und go through a criminal suit, when you might ba condemned and fined, or even impri soned. Bo advised, then, by your true friend and conntry man ; stop at home, ba patient, and wait till another time.' When. wo read such threats as these, are wo not forcibly reminded of the northern ghost of an absolute Czar? Does one not ask himself whether our free Australia, whose Courts obey only laws and not persons, has not snddenly been con ? ? verted into a Siberia of tyrannic rule? And is it with such ridiculous falsehoods that the Germans are to be frightened and prevented from exercising the most sacred of all civic rights, ,upon the conscientious exercise of which their futuro welfare depends? No 1 I cannot believe that the Conser vative party really means to attempt such a thing. Such intrigues arc the result of conscious weakness, if not of im becility; they are the plainest proofs of approaching disso lution, and resemble the efforts of the drowning man in catching at a straw. 