Original Correspondence. Ophir, May 24th, 1851. [To the Editor of the "Bathurst Free Press.) Sir,—People here are very much aston- ished, and not a little displeased to learn that another gentleman has been appointed to the office which it was generally expected would have been given to Mr. Hargraves. I am not aware whether Mr. Hargraves re- mained here in that expectation, but I know that he refrained from working at the dig- gings, and with his knowledge of gold mi- ning I am satisfied that he could have re- alised much more than the government could have afforded to give him as Super- intendent or Commissioner. Some of us think it possible that a good appointment may have been reserved for him, perhaps as explorer of the colony. But should this not be the case, the present appointments will be regarded in the light of a piece of shameless jobbery. Supposing, however, that government should prove be dread- fully ungrateful as to allow him to go un- rewarded, or even rewarded insufficiently, I feel convinced that the gold diggers of Ophir, who are not receiving the benefits of his discovery, will retrieve the character of the country, which would be materially damaged were Mr. Hargraves to go unre- warded. There can be no question but he is worthy of the very best office which go- vernment has at its command ; and I firmly hope that he will show spirit enough to re- fuse any secondary or subordinate appoint ment. Yours, &c.;, FIAT JUSTTTIA. The following letter has been received by a friend in town :— Diggings, May 23rd, 1851. Dear, — I have little time to spare, so you need'nt expect a long letter. Myself and three mates have now been at work three days, nnd have got six ounces, or thereabouts of gold, making, I am told, nearly £5 to a mnn. This seems a respect- able lump, but I can assure you it is well earnt. Some of my neighbours are appa- rently doing better than we are, and others much worse. The gold we have found is all fine, or what they call dust I believe. An adjoining company have been lucky enough to pick up a little nest, about the size of pigeon eggs, which has enhanced their earnings very materially. I should say that on that day they must have earnt from £5 to £6 a man, but there are plenty not doing more than at the rate of 10s. per day, and when out of this they have pad for their rations, at the high prices that are charged here, they won't have much to shout about. There is one thing which surprises me not a little—that in many cases, stout will- ing men come here with a capital rig, and slave from morning to night—from dew to sunny eve, and do perhaps only moderately well. Others will come with their tin pots and pan lids, aided, perhaps, by a two- pronged pitch fork, or a superannuated fire shovel, and do a raking business. A little shrimp of a fellow, about the size of an Es quimaux Indian, with no earthly implement but a two-forked stick and the ghost of a dislapidated frying pan ; and would you believe it, the insignificant little varmint did a stroke to the tune of about £5 in half a day ; whilst, at the same time, our com- pany, all strapping fellows, with strong limbs and a way of using them, were then doing very little. I felt intensely disgusted with myself, and was half inclined to look upon my fraction of a friend with respect. But he was what is termed a lucky man, and I would not have you imagine that on account of his extraordinary success, in- tending miners are to come provided with forked sticks and frying pans. The same sort of luck may fall to the lot of those who are better accoutred, and so far as a steady business is concerned, their chances are ten to one. Sydney people are thronging very fast upon us, and as we hear that they line the roads by hundreds, my impression is that they will be compelled to go prospecting. We are now as thick as mushrooms after a brisk shower on a fine summer's morning. Some of these old California diggers attempt to come the bounce over us, and assume a great deal on their experience ; but as a general rule, they are not a fraction more fortunate than our intutored selves. One little fellow came here a few days ago, and after measuring and bullying, and winking and cursing, in a a style which was inten- ded to let us know that he was aware of a thing or two, he went to work like not a grave-digger but a gold-digger. The sparks flew from the point of his pick, thick and fast, and the sweat drops rained from his forehead. Now and again he dashed into the creek, up to the hips, with his cullinder, and shook and waved it most scientifically. This killing pace he main- tained about two hours, when all at once his heart was bruck. The "dust" did not come at his call, and ashamed of his brag- gadocio, he quickly shouldered his pick and washing machine, and bolted into the hills like a red shank. He has not since been heard of. If you come bring plenty of bedding, woollen clothing, a months rations, a good pick or two, and a heavy crow-bar, light ones being of no use. A little spirits to revive your own, after leaving the cradle, would not be amiss. You cannot keep yourself dry. I will write again shortly and give further particulars. Yonrs truly. 