artists) Extracts. THE MILL OF ATHOLL S GLEN. (After Ossian, by Punch.) Why is the Deeper of Atholl closed? Wherefore is the eye of Strange surrounded with a ring of purple ? it is the print of the Southron knuckle-the post-mark of the Cambridge Undergraduate, heavy-handed bruiser. Cambridge Undergraduate, bruiser of the heavy hand, wherefore didst thou darken the eye of Strange ? Why bunged st thou up the Deeper of Atholl The autumn winds were singing the coronach of the summer in Glen Tilt. A moaning as of no end of ghosts, swept through the hollow glen. There, with the red and brown leaves falling around him, stood the Chief of Clan Atholl, with a party of ladies and gentlemen,. Shrouded in the mist of the distance cometh Sandy Maclaren. With him behold two stranger forms approaching. Onward they come, with the sturdy tramp of youth ; stout are the cudgels which they grasp in their nervous fists. He, there, ye that range unbidden the Glen of Tilt! Halt, ye wanderers from the land of cockney ! Stand, ye jumpers of the counter ! We are no jumpers of the counter ; no wanderers are we from the land of cockney. We come from the meadows that are watered by the Cam-from the abodes where learning dwelleth in her colleges and halls. Thither journey we on this beaten track. And who the deuce are thou that hindered us ? Keu we not the Chief of Clan Atholl-the tourist baffling Duke of the impassable given For the Chief of Atholl's Clan we care not a dump ; the Duke of the impassable glen we value not at a farthing. We have passed the Asses bridge, wherefore should we not cross the glen ? Chief of Clan Athol, get out of the way ! Duke of the impassable glen, stand out of the sunshine ! Fire flashed from the eye of Atholl ; wrath blazed from the countenance of Strange. By the collar he seized the foremost youth. Back ! Return by the way thou earnest. Back, or, by the beard of my ten thousand ancestors, ye ; shall rue the day ! Back, I say, on your lives, j ye sons of Grants ! Unhand me, Chief of Clan Atholl, or who- ever thou art! Uuhand me, I say, or I will punch thine head. Thou wilt not? No? Here goeth then ; take that for thyself. Together they rushed ; the son of Grants and Chief of Clan Atholl. Furious was the chief, and wild and aroused was the undergraduates monkey. Blow was exchanged for blow, range for lunge, slash for slash ; heavy was the counter- ing, and the knocks resounded. Loud shouted the gentlemen, shrill were the screams of the ladies. The chief was overcome with fury, and hit all abroad. Weary was the Cantabrian youth, well trained on the pleasant banks of the Cam to encounter in stand-up mill the brawny bargee. Sharp fell the stinger on the proboscis of Strange ; fast flowed the claret from the cork of Atholl. One, two, were planted on the optics of the chief darkness swam before him then fell a stunner on his ducal frontispiece, and he was doubled up by a minister in the bread basket. He staggered-he fell into the arms of his faithful henchman even the arms of Sandy Maclaren. To the rescue, Donald of the tufted chin ! Roderick of the ted moustachios, to the help of your Chief! Hamish of the pipes-Dougal the breekless-claymore for Clan Atholl ! The eight hands of the four bold grooms are at once on the collar of the Sassenach. As many more grasped the coat tails of his companion The Heelandinen were brow. From before the bruised face of their chieftain they drag away the sons of Grants. Mourn for ecchymosis encircles the ogle of Strange! Lament: for the visual organ of Atholl is darkened ! Raise the sound of wall upon a thousand bagpipes ! Closed is the eye of him who would close Glen Tilt to the traveller. Contusion sits on the brow of the chieftain ; the countenance of the Duke beareth marks of punishment ! The Plate Robberies -On Tuesday the property, which was of considerable value, taken by the police from Mr. Birrell's premises in Bar- bican, pending the charges made against him at the Mansion-house, was returned by order of the police commissioners. Immediately after the discharge of Mr. Birrell on Thursday week, on the several London charges made against him, Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, his solicitors, made application to the commissioners of police for the restoration of the property seized, which led to an interview between Mr. J. G. Lewis and Mr. Mayne, the chief commissioner, and the result was, that the immense property, except some few articles for which parties had applied, was on Tuesday brought back from Whitehall to Mr. Birrell's premises in Barbican Atlas, 16th November. A Roman Assassination The son of Gen managers, of Rio Grande, the Papalino partisan, who rendered himself so famous in the spring of the present year by filling the Corso with his masquerading fatalities during the carnival, had lately made himself very obnoxious to the Tray severing by his overbearing manners, and had brought upon himself the special hatred of a young man whose brother he had struck in an osteria. Hearing that this young man had threatened to kill him, the son of Gennaraccio went to his residence, with a posse of followers, and ironically invited him to go and drink, saying, "I want to see whether you aim straight." The other, who had his dagger already prepared in his sleeve, replied coolly, "This is the way I strike," and, suiting the action to the word, laid his adversary dead at his feet, an occurrence which so took the other men by surprise that they fled and left the murderer time to escape Roman Correspondence of the Daily News. Prizes for Plate Articles for the Exhibi- tion.-At'an extraordinary special court held on Tuesday last, the Goldsmiths Company unanimously decided to award the sum of of £1000 for prizes to be given to those artists of the craft, of the United Kingdom, who can produce works of the highest design and merit in gold and silver plate, for the exhibition of 1851\. The sum of £1000 is to be divided into prizes varying in amount from £300 to £20 and £10 for works of the most costly description, which it is more than probable will be eventually purchased by the company. There will be services, candelabra, church plate, and smaller objects, even to a salt-cellar ; so that the most humble artizan in the craft shall receive his impulse, to encourage him in honorable exertion, as much in proportion as the first goldsmith in the land. The various works for competition are to be forwarded to the Goldsmith's Hall without the name of the owner; when each piece will be rigidly scrutinized, and those possessing the highest standard of merit in both design and workmanship will be accepted and forwarded to the exhibition of 1851, and take their stand in competition against the whole world Morning Chronicle. The " Post" upon Dogs of War. The Post is wont, in its profound way, to sum up the events of the past week. Every Monday a frivolous world is called upon to pause, and to reflect upon the historical materials of the past seven days. A very laudable custom this, and very eloquently vindicated by our golden mouthed contemporary. Here is a beautiful passage from " The Week" of the Post : " Now, in the 19th century, with half Europe tossed, rudderless, on the stormy waves of revolutions, the slenderest threads only holding her struggling dogs of war." Neptune on the waves, meningitis horses, is a familiar picture ; but that half Europe should be rudderless on the billows, and with slender threads holding struggling dogs, is a grand novelty. However, the figure satisfactorily settles the breed of the dogs of war ; they are neither mastiffs, nor bloodhounds, nor French poodles, but being retired with thread to rudderless Europe, tossed on the waves, can be no other than water- dogs. -Punch. House Alarm Mr. Dowling, the chief superintendent of the Liverpool police, has at present in his possession an ingenious and simple contrivance for alarming the occupants of houses in cases of burglary. It consists of a rattle, which is sprung by the gravitation of a weight attached to a wheel, by means of a cord. The alarm is intended to be fixed on the attic floor of the house, so that the weight may fall the whole depth of the house, between the ban- nisters, and keep up a continuous alarm. The fall of the weight upon the pavement or boarded floor makes a great noise, and is alone sufficient to arouse the household. The process by which the rattle is set going is very simple When the cord is wound up, the weight which is attached to it is suspended on a thick piece of wire, which passes through the machine, and is connected at the other end with bell-wire, communicated by means of cranks and pullies to the doors and windows of the house. The moment any of these are opened, the wire on which the weight hangs is drawn out, and the result is a most terrific alarm, which could be heard in the remotest parts of a large dwelling house, but more especially in the sleeping apartments. Mr. Dowling has had one of these machines fitted up at his office and we believe he will be glad to show its operation to any gentleman living in the outskirts of the town, and who may desire an inexpensive and efficient protector during the winter months.-Liverpool Albion, Nov. 18. Prizes for Life Boats Moved by reflec- tion on the loss of life from storms on the coast of Northumberland, the philanthropic Duke of Northumberland has offered two handsome prizes towards securing the most efficient and economical life-boat that inventive genius can devise. Through the advertising columns of the Times he offers a prize of one hundred guineas for the best model of a life-boat, to be sent to the surveyor's department of the Admiralty, at Somer- set House, by the 1st of February," 1851 and he offers a further sum of one hundred guineas for building a life-boat according to the model which may be approved of. It is considered, says the announcement, that the chief objections to the present life-boats are, generally speaking -first, that they do not right themselves in the event of being upset ; second, that they are too heavy to be readily launched, or transported along the coast in case of need ; third, that they do not free themselves from water fast enough ; fourth, that they are very expensive. It is recommended that the models be on a scale of one inch to a foot and stated that the models will not be detained beyond the 1st of April, in case the builders wish to send them to the Great Industrial Show. Captain Sir Baldwin Walker, surveyor of the navy, has consented to act as final referee, and has named a committee to examine the models and experiment with them. Spectator, Nov. 16. Curious Battle The following account of a conflict between a snake and a musk rat. has been supplied us by an eye-witness; the snake was, we presume, not poisonous-a circumstance known in all likelihood to its assailant's saw a combat between a small snake and a musk rat, the latter having hold of the tail of the reptile and shaking it vigorously, the snake making great exertions to get away from its foe, occasionally turning its head half round towards its enemy. Five or six persons were witnesses of the fun, but the rat was so intent upon his work that no notice whatever was taken of the bystanders; at last the snake made for one of the doors, and in spite of the efforts of the rat, managed to get between the edge of the door (which was shut) and the sill, and so escaped. The rat hunted backwards and forwards, as a dog would have done after a hare or rabbit, and when we moved to see what had become of the snake, the rat departed according to its custom. Bombay Times. Accident with Gunpowder The eldest son of the Rev. Thomas Croker, of Maryville, a youth in his 16th year, met with a deplorable accident on Wednesday evening last, by the incautious use of gunpowder, a long train of which he was laying on the kitchen floor from a powder-flask, while a servant man, at his desire, ignited the powder at one end, when the train blazed up, and the running flame caught the young gentleman in a moment, with the flask in his hands, which burst asunder with a terrible shock, tearing a thumb from each hand of the unfortunate victim. One thumb was found in a recess in the kitchen. Dr. John Wilkinson was directly sent for, and removed the other thumb, which was connected with the hand merely by a ligament.- Atlas, Nov. 16. A Voyage Round the World There is at present lying in the Mersey a ship called the Hannah, a fine frigate looking vessel, of 480 tons burden, which has been purchased by a Manchester gentleman, named Gardiner who has had her fitted up in a first-rate style for the accommodation of himself and family, as well as several friends. The between decks have also been made exceedingly comfortable for the reception of a posse of servants. Mr. Gardner, who is a gentleman of fortune, intends making a voyage round the world, and has made preparations for sailing from country to country for the space of five years. Leeds Mercury, Nov. 16. Reverse of Fortune At the weekly meeting of the guardians of Athlone Union, on Monday, Lord Castlemaine said that they had in that house at present a gentleman who was a magistrate of two counties Longford and Meath-and had an income of £1,500 a year; but such had been the pressure of the times that he had been reduced to this state, and having his property sold under the Encumbered Commissioners, is now a common pauper, wear- ing the workhouse clothes. This gentleman was John Edward Nugent, of Cloucullen. Atlas, Nov. 16. Viennese Contribution to the Exhibition. From Vienna accounts have reached us of a magnificent and costly contribution, which a furniture manufacturer of that town is sending. It will consist of four rooms of a palace, each appropriately furnished and decorated. The material is a peculiar Indian wood, rather lighter in colour than rosewood, and it is sculptured in the most artistic manner after the chastest designs of eminent artists. The bedstead alone, which is already completed, costs 12,000 garden, about £1200 and the cost of the other articles is in proportion.-Expositor. Longevity During the late census in the United States, a venerable negress, 114 years old, was discovered residing in De peyster. She had been liberated from thraldom by the law of Connecticut emancipating slaves in that state. Liverpool Albion. Flax Spun like Cotton The Morning Chronicle announces the complete discovery of a mode whereby flax may be so prepared as to be capable of being spun and woven by ordinary cotton machinery. The steeping process is dispensed with, and thus the fibre of the flax is preserved uninjured : the new agent or process operates by giving flexibility and softness. If the discovery be really at last made, and be available at a paying cost, it will commence one of the most important seats in the history of our textile manufactures. Curious Circumstance. On Thursday morning, while the workmen at the Ferryhill station of the Aberdeen Railway were employed removing a bale of American cotton which had first arrived from the south, a strange sound was heard inside the bale, which was forthwith opened by one of the men, who, after digging into the interior of the package, brought to light a live cat, much reduced by hunger and confinement. As the bale was externally to all appearance in the condition in which it had been left by the original packers, it is conjectured that puss has made an involuntary voyage across the Atlantic. She is being well treated, and bids fair to recover -Edinb u rgh Witness. 