MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS A LARGE THROAT.-The " Morning Star," pub. lished at Cincinnati, relates the followingj anecdote of a yonng gentleman of the south, who expended a large fortune, money, land,negroes, and everything, in a course of intemperance and profligacy. He had just paid a last year's grog bill of eight-hundred dollars. One day he was walking in the street very leisurely, when seeing a lphysician on the opposite side, he called out to him to come over. " Doctor," said he, " I wish you would just take a look into my throat." "I don't discover anything, sir," said the Doctor. "You don't !" said he, "why that's strange; will you thus be kind enough to give another look ?" " Really sir," said the doctor, after a second look, " I don't see anything." " No? Why doctor, there is farm, ten thousand dollars, and twenty negroes, gone down my throat !" -The editor of an American paper says, he never saw but one ghost, and that was the ghost of a sinner who died without paying for his paper. " 'Twas terrible to look upon!" Tan CaowN or ENGLAND.-The following is an` estimate of the value of the jewels in this magnificent diadem: Twenty diamonds round the circle, £1500 each............................. £30,000 Two large centre diamonds, £2000....... 4000 Fifty-four smaller diamonds, placed at the angle of the former. ................. 100 Four crosses each composed of 25 diamonds 12,000 Four large diamonds on the top of the crosses ............................ 40,000 Twelve diamonds contained in fleurs-de-lis 10,000 Eighteen smaller diamonds contained in the same.......................... 2000 Fearls, diamonds, &c.;, upon'the arches and crosses............................ 10,000 Also, 141 small diamonds.......... ..... 500 Twenty-six diamonds in the upper cross... 3000 Two circles of pearls about the rim....... 300 Cost of the stones in the crown, exclusive of the metal............ .......... £111,900 THE WEALTH OF ENGLAND. .-It is a common error in this country (America) to imagine that the riches of England are derived from and dependent upon her commerce; and the influence of this great mistake is shown in the many wild suppositions that have been hazarded, touching the effects of our commercial and financial difficulties upon the finan cial and political condition of the wonderful little island. The truth is, that the merchants of Eng land, with all their great capital and vast extent of operations, hold but a very small portion of the riches existing in that country; and this can be made apparent by a few simple considerations. Look at the squirearchy, for instance; the thousands and tens of thousands of country gentlemen, with, their comfortable incomes of 'three, or five, or ten thousand pounds per annum, derived exclusively from the soil, and the enormous fortunes of the nobility. Estimate, if it can be estimated, the immense amount of treasure in the country, existing in the form of plate and jewels. Why, at a single dinner given in London, on the 18th June, gold and silver plate to the amount of a million and a half of dollars was exhibited at once; all the property of one individual -the Duke of Wellington.' This celebrated per sonage could have relieved from all their difficulties all three of the great American houses which have been compelled to stop, simply by turning over to them his dishes and tureens, vases, and candelabra, without diminishing his income one farthing; and there are fifty ladies in London, any one of whom could have put Messrs. Brown and Co. in ample funds for all ,emergencies, merely byvmaking them a present of her diamonds. Without taking the crown jewels into the account, it is no doubt suscep tible of proof, that in London alone there are gold and silver plate and jewels to the amount of two hundred millions of dollars, and it must be remem bered that mighty as London is, the wealth of the kingdom in wrought gold and silver is very far from being centred .there. An immense quantity of it is scattered among the castles and country seats of the nobility, such as Alnwick Castle, Blenheim, Chatsworth, Belvoir, Woburn Abbey, Bowood, and a hundred others which we could name, and among the lovely mansions of the country gentlemen, with which the whole surface is dotted by thousands. Think of the libraries and galleries, the immense and almost priceless collections of pictures and statues, and costly works of art, in which no country in the world is richer. Why the whole mercantile wealth of England is but an Item of com paratively trifling magnitude. The non-payment of debt, if it were not paid, which, thank heaven, it soon will be, so far from inflicting a mortal blow upon the prosperity'of the kingdom, would never be felt or thought of, except as a handy theme for a sarcasm, now and then directed against republican honesty and honour. The fortune of the Duke of Bedford, or Northumberland, or Devonshire, would clear the whole of it, and nobody but his grace be a farthing the poorer.-From a New York Paper. WHAT Is DIRT-Old Dr. Cooper of South Carolina, used' to say to his students-" Don't be afraid of a little dirt, young gentlemen. What is dirt ? Why, nothing at all offensive, when chemically viewed. Rub a little alkali upon that dirty grease spot on yourcoat, and it undergoes a chemical change and becomes soap; now rub it with a a little water and it disappears; it is neither grease, soap, water, nor dirt. That is not a very odorous pile of dirt you observe there: well, scatter a little gypsum over it, and it is no longer dirt. Every thing you call dirt is worthy your notice as students of chemistry. Analyze it ! Analyze it ! It will separate into very clean elements. )irt makes corn, corn makes bread and meat, and that makes a very sweet young lady that I saw one of you kissing last night-particu larly if she whitened her skin with chalk or Fuller's earth. There is no telling young gentlemen, what is dirt. Though I may say that rubbing such stuff upon the beautiful skin of a young lady is a dirty practice. Pearl powder I think is made of bismoth-nothing but dirt. LECTURE BY A ETURNED CONVICT.- On the eve nings of Monday and Tuesday, Mr. C. A. King, a returned convict, delivered two lectures on transpor tation, &c..; at Settle, both of which were attentively listened to by a very numerous audience. His first lecture was given in the dress and chains worn by convicts in Van Diemen's Land, and the second in the dress and mask worn by convicts in the new model prison. .The manner in which the lectures were given was very interesting, and the description given of the horrors of a convict life can hardly fail, we would imagine, to do much good to the rising generation especially. He gave a brief history of his own course of life, commencing with the first step to crime, which is well calculated to serve as a warnin to those who are only commencing, a wicked career of life. Mr. King, it may be re membered, was sentenced, in 1835, to fourteen years' transportation. In the year 1840 he made his escape, got to America, and at last, after hav ing endured unheard of hardships, arrived in'Eng land, was betrayed, and re-taken in Manchester, tried again' at Liverpool assizes, before Mr. Justice Coleridge, and was again sentenced to transporta tion for life. Such an impression, however, did his recital of his past endurance make that his address to the judge caused many to become iiterested in his favour, and a petition signed by six thousand persons, was presenited to Her Majesty, praying for a commutation of his sentence. His sentence was accordingly commuted to five years' solitary confine ment, in a small cell in the Millbank Penitentiary, Lmndon, after which he received a free pardon, and his since given the benefit of his experience to the public. His lectures cannot fail to produce a good effect, and we.hope for his warnings to the thought less, he will be properly encouraged.-Lancaster Guardian. AN IRISH MODE OF SERVING A' WRIT.-Two or three days since an Irish gentleman, whose solicitor' had vainly endeavoured to serve a writ on an ex-M.P. for an Irish borough, who resides at the west end of the metropolitan suburbs, hit upon the following mode :-having sealed a stone bottle with an impo. sing crest, and marked it potheen, he forwarded it by an intelligent lad of thirteen, who was previously well instructed, as a present from a friend in the West-end, with directions to be delivered only to himself: the bait took; the old Irish follower who acts as duenna to Mr-, as his guardian against the too captivating approaches of bailiffs, did not think there was anything to apprehend from a child bearing a bottle of the native. She never red Virgil, and knew nothing of the Timeo Danaos. The master was called, and the present. handed duly over. "There is a note, I believe, in the wrapper, sir,'' (observed the messenger,) perhaps it would require an answer." The ex-M.P. undid the newspaper in which the present was folded, and took out an envel ope. " There's a writ in that, sir, (cried theyoung ster;) you're served," and bounding through the passage was out of sight in an instant, whilst the ex- senator looked as if he was converted into stone. Molly with a wet diseloth, which she flung after the lad, foamed with rage at being made the involun tary instrument of-such a ruse. But the unkindest cut remained behind: seeing her master quite out of sorts, after dinner she philosophically urged him to make the best of a bargain, and take some of the potheen, opening the bottle for the purpose; but who can express her indignation and amazement, at finding the contents aqua pura. She vented a volley of oaths in mingled Celtic and Saxon, against the hang-gallows gassoon by whom she had been thus doubly deceived. -A gentleman on entering an attorney's office, casually observed that it was as hot as an oven. The proprietor shrewly observed, " So it may be, my friend for it is here that I make my bread." 