a denial NrtD0 VICTORIA. Melbourne. -Bread is now eleven pence me four pound loaf, and we are told that it will rise to a shilling. It was no dearer than this in the j memorable year of 1847, in England, when wheat in Mark Lane sold for five guineas the quarter, and , an outcry was raised, that not only England but JJJllri/U*J W«lo ft'1* d '«?* ***«?* »«? — *- — - — ? other consumable articles have a tendency to rise with the price of bread, we are now paying tolera- ' bly dear for our provisions ; and therefore, along with free institutions, we are beginning to have tolerably free prices. Unfortunately, there are no statistics in the slightest degree reliable, to enable us to form any judgment as to whether or not the ( relations of ''supply and demand' justify this ex- ; traoidinary rise in the price of bread. The drought ? goes for something : and so do the fires of Black Thursday. Moreover, a considerable addition has been made to our population by immigration ; and that must count for something in a comparatively limited locality, which is liable to be easily affected i by a small deficiency, or a slight extra demand. I Still, these are not the infant days of the colony, ] when half-a- crown might on emergency be de manded for a loaf. We are now a regular trading and commercial community : and if there be no general scarcity of grain, a'rise in price ought to act commercially, by at once attracting supplies. There being no' data on which to depend, we can Olliy lOim a oyii U 'I j^ucijo-iiuia uj/uiiunj «w» « . ~— . j from general impression. It appears, then, to be a j very general impression, even amongst those in the , trade°that there are no circumstances to justify the j extraordinary rise in the prices of grain, flour, and j bread. Some rise was inevitable, after the season '| we have had ; but the present high prices are gene- j rally believed to be the result of sheer speculation. ' Gambling in trade is like every other species of ( gambling ; it is difficult to get out of it. If, there rn».i »i-n oiuicaiit ironr Viio-li Tirirfis h« tllfi result of mere speculation, the* thing will work its own cure, and somebody wili suffer, although the general community is' at present, to use a vulgar but ex pressive phrase, 'paying through the nose.' It is true, that in this colony, there are circumstances which are favourable to an extensive speculation — such as the limitation of the field of supply, and the small number who can venture on large trans actions. But if there be a r«al scarcity, high prices will prevail, while if the very high prices be the result of a mere speculative mania, the thing will cure itself, and our only remedy is patience. But in that case, some of the speculators had belter keen a good look out a-head. — Intelligencer. Tin: Gkklosg ItHOst. — o:oiiy, or mance, or uuwi combined, has been busy propagating a silly story which contained the usual elements of an old woman's tale, about a Ghost, strange noises, locks flying open, bolts and bars shaking, and of course heavy tramping, without anything risible to make the noise. A pair of Wellingtons was seen walk ing along a passage without any legs in them, the poker and tongs went waltzing together to the tune of ' We met,' played by the Bellows, which was metamorphosed into a musical snuff box. We mention the case because it is the first of the kind in Geelong. It would be advisable that all such Si'iniTS should be kept in Bond. — Ibid. Portland. — The Portland Guardian, writing before intelligence reached it, that Portland is disso ciated from Belfast and Warrnambool, and is to return a member, makes the following comparison: — Belfast and Warrnambool are the outlets of an agricultural district; Portland, the. outlet of avast grazing territory. The latter is commercial in its leading character ; the former almost wholly agri cultural. We import our wheat and flour, they-, export it. In this respect we stand in the relation of customer and dealers. Portland has, for years, been dispatching vessels to Great Britain and other parts abroad. Belfast and Warrnambool have almost exclusively been obliged to' confine them selves to a coasting trade. The New Country. — The settlers in the Mos- quito Plains, Tatiara, and Wimmera District, have been and are now subjected to the greatest loss from the scarcity of food and water. Many splendid flocks are now famishing for. want of food. From the same cause the young lambs have to be des- troyed, to save the parent ewe, thereby entailing considerable loss upon the possesor. On some runs there is no water to be found, and in nine cases out of ten recourse must be had to troughs for the purpose of watering. In consequence of the unprecedented drought, stock is expected to fall in price, but fat sheep and cattle are sure to be remunerative. But for the lack of water the districts above mentioned might vie n fertility of soil and salubrity of climate with any in New South Wales. The leading settlers in the New country (to their credit be it said) are making strenuous efforts to induce the Adelaide Govern- ment to pass an act most stringent in its nature for the abolition of scab. A preliminary meeting held at the Royal Oak Hotel was respectably and numerously attended. Messrs Jones and Watson presided as magistrates. — Portland Herald. 