''' M^itumtom I3gtvatt*« THE THRALDOM OF PROTES TANTISM. (By W. G. Ward, Esq.) (Concluded from our last.) Laying it down, then, as an axiom— which I think will be granted, on consideration, by every earnest-minded Protestant — that the true liberty of the human intelligence con sists in a power to know truth, rather than a right to search for it, -we need not scruple to pronounce that condition of soul in which all that is worth knowing is yet unknown, to be a servitude and a bondage. Like the citizens of some tyrant democracy, who are free in theory to do; whatever they please, and in practice cannot follow out their own most trifling wishes, the Protestant intelli gence stands naked and helpless in the minds of creation. Surrounded with a visible and invisible world; whose laws and inhabitants it ardently longs to know and comprehend, it is paralysed in all its researches by its ig norance of those spiritual realities which lie at the heart of the whole universe, and of which what is visible is the mere clothing and manifestation. All that it can do is, to pick up certain stray fragments of knowledge, to form general conclusions on a few scattered facts, to measure that which is spiritual by that which is material, and that^which is boundless and eternal by the laws of space and time. When the Protestant can for a moment burst the bonds in which he is en thralled, and lookout boldly and freely upon that universe which it is his boast that he alone can comprehend, he 13 stricken with dismay to find that of all that is the source of life, the origin, 'the principle, .and the 'con? trolling power of that vast creation upon which he gazes, he is still in the deepest ig norance. Struggle, reason, and guess as he may, he never can advance beyond certain narrow limits in his acquirements. The great problem of his own existence remains unsolved. He is an unfathomable myster.y to himself. The only liberty that is allowed him is, to move so far as to feel the pressure °f the chains by which he is manacled ; the only benefits he derives from his right of choice is, the power to learn his own power lessness. Accordingly, when we examine the sys tem of Protestant belief, we perceive an in? numerable multitude of persons of the high est intelligence and acuteness giving an as sent to theories and opinions whose absur dity is palpable to every person who is free to use the faculties which God has given him. Men and women who stand the first in the ranks of human genius and sagacity seem to °e voluntarily closing their eyes to one whole W ?f tlle Plainest facts and arguments. e almost start to hear a friend, whpse con versation and modes of thought command our deepest respect, so long as mere secular Objects are under discussion, by a sort of wtatualion forget ail his ordinary penetra °n the moment religious questions are 'ought before him.' By undeniable signs «e snows that his intellect is not. really free en such topics. Place before him truths , tacts vv^ch are so obvious that it seems Zf 1? j lnsult tQ 8uPP°se that he had overlooked them, and lo ! he is like one who is blind; He has lost his ordinary' faculty of reasoning. He cannot follow out his premisses to a conclusion. He is impervious to the most rigid demonstrations of the in compatibility, of the various opinions he holds. Argument is lost upon him. From some mysterious cause or other, his intelli gence is paralysed, and we are puzzled to decide whether he is most perverse or most incapable. Take, for example, the ordinary Protes tant theory respecting the Bible. Protes tants believe that, by Divine appointment, the Bible is the one great means by which a knowledge of salvation is to be attained by man : and thai it is the duty of every person to study theBibJefor himself, and test every doctrine by what he finds therein. Now, I am not saying that this is, or is not, a rea sonable view, on the ground that the Bible is a plain book, or an obscure book, though on this ground alone I should not hesitate to r ject the Protestant theory. But apart from all consideration of the nature of the bible itself, is it not almO6t incredible that men should imagine that God designed it to convey a knowledge of salvation to a race of beings who cannot read ? I do net wish to overstate the truth, but literally, in the whole history of popular delusions, I cannot call to mind a more astounding instance of intellectual' blindness. The fact is, that the Protestant theory respecting the Bible is so absurd, that its absurdity altogether escapes the notice of those who uphold it. They never think of inquiring into its tenableness, just as a man never thinks of arguing the question whether he is awake or asleep. Whether the Bible is inspired or not, is, of course, a subject to be proved or disproved by argument; but that reading of the Bible is the appointed mean3 by which Almighty God intended that a race of beings zvho cari not read should learn how to save their souls, is an instance of voluntary selfedeception which I do not think can be paralleled in the whole' annals of 'human error. The more 1 think over this marvellous notion, the more am I struck with its unrivalled singularity. [t is unique in the history of man. If the Christian religion were a designed mockery of the ills of humanity ; if God were cruel, unjust, and a capricious tyrant, I could well conceive his sanctioning this Bible-reading theory ; but that men of piety, of sense, of thought, and of learning should ever main tain that such a notion has the sanction of an all-just and all-merciful God, is one of the most incomprehensible phenomina which the records of mental perversion presents for our study and our humiliation. The characteristic theory of High Church Anglicanism is, however, even more extra ordinary. The Bible is, at any rate, a single volume, though a large one ; but that men are intended to; interpret the single volume of the Bible by means of a whole library of the Fathers, surpasses even the BibL?reading views of ultra- Protestantism in its demands upon our credulity. I would challenge the High- Church Anglican to point out any single instance of self-evident error in the whole secular life and opinions of this present day, which can compete for the palm of un reality and hollowness with this memorable invention of modern days. That Anglicanism, indeed, is a mental thraldom beyond all others, is clear to every person but those who are under its influence, Bound by irreconcilable canons, articles, and liturgies ; claiming a sacerdotal descent through. a Church which her own formula ries denounce as anti-Christian ; tied fast to the State while she professes to be led by the Holy Ghost j uniting in her ministry men of almost every conceivable variety of religious opinions ; while her members ex ercise upon one another fche most rigid s/w veillance, so that none dare speak openly his thoughts, lest he be denounced on one side or another ; its adherents are, perhaps, less free to think for themselves than any class of men in the known world. They live and move in fetters ; their feelings are frozen ; their judgment is terrified ; their logical powers are permitted to act only for their own discomfort and torment. All their fel low- creatures who are acquainted with them agree in thinking them the most inconsistent persons, whether in or out of Christendom. Again, what more instructive proof of the thraldom of Protestantism can , be named than the new '. philosophical' Christianity which is now supplanting the old-fashioned ' orthodox' Protestantism of the Church of England and the Dissenters ??. What really free intelligence could, with a serious coun tenance, profess to believe that Christianity, is really a revelation from God, and yet that the Bibleand Christianity contain nodogmas? These are the kind of examples which I would urge, as showing that , the boldest Protestants are in a state of servils bondage which they know not themselves. I do not urge the want of perception which they show in adopting a different detailed creed from the Catholic creed. This would be a mere argument between Catholicism and Protestantism under another name. I only call attention to those peculiarities among Pfotestants which are not merely incorrect or untrue, but are self- contradictory, or self evidently impossible. Such is the Bible reading theory ; such the. HighrChurch An glican theory ; and such is this last philoso phical religion which is at length tpemancw pate the human mind, and hold the same position in the progress of theology which the discovery of gravitation does in the history of physics. ?? My Protestant readers will pardon me, I trust, and believe that I mean uothing disrespectful, to them, or to their capacities, if they would but do justice' to themselves, when I say that this pretended philosophy appears to me to be neither more nor less than nonsense, 1 cannot conceive what a person thinks a revelation is, when it reveals — nothing. I cannot divine what he means, when he says that the Bible comes from God, while yet he treats it as if it came from man. Why the modern philosophical. Christian calls himself a Christian at all, in: preference to calling himself a PJatonist, or Shakspeareite, or a Miltonian, I am unable to discover. If the Bible is true, in the sense that Euclid's Elements are true; then there is some meaning in a man's, calling himself a Christian in religion, as; he calls himself a follower of Euclid in geometry. But why he condescends to name himself by the name of Christian, when he regards Jesus Christ as nothing more than a very good man, and the Bible as a revelation of (l the good, the beautiful, and the true,' in the same sense as Shakspeare's plays or the Elgin marbles are revelations ? of the same ' good, beautiful, and true,' is a question to which I cannot comprehend what rational answercan be given. Those who adopt this system may glory in their ireedom as they will. If it he freedom, then I thank God that I am a slave ; for I could not adopt it without doing violence to the elementary laws of all thought and all moral truth and honesty. If such be reason, then truly is all reason folly ; and the human intellect is a mere will-of-the-wisp, which tempts the wandering traveller over the dead swamps of mortality to his inevitable ruin. This whole system is in its very nature indicative of that peculiar impotence to take facts as they are, and reason courageously upon them, which is the consequence of a thraldom of the reason. It betrays that morbid timidity which results from the ab sence of a healthy exercise of the intellectual faculties. It shows that those who accept it are willing to believe any thing, and to over* look tbe most astonishing inconsistencies, provided only they can lay hold upon some thing that shall look like philosophy, and save them the trouble of a more painful and laborious examination of the history of their race. Just such a timid impotence is betrayed, further, by the acknowledged inability of Protestantism, as such, to cope with the giant fact of the existence and duration of the Catholic Church. On the system of Protestantism^the Catholic Church, is an un» explained phenomenon. It stands before the eye of the philosophic or earnest-minded man an unexplained and inexplicable mystery. Enduring for age after age, while all else decays and perishes; absorbing into itself minds of every variety of character and power, and moulding them by , a secret agency to an absolute identity of devotional type ; displaying its indestructible vitality and daring energies most conspicuously at those very moments when all human support is withdrawn from beneath it; it is the one great fact in the history of humanity which appals the observant Protestant, and. wrings from him, in his moments of candour, the avowal, that he has no theory which will account for the wonder. To this hour the same extraordinary movement sways the human race.. Everywhere the .Catholic: Church is alive with her mysterious life arid potent; spell. Trampled down in one place, she springs up with redoubled energies; in another. Stripped of every temporal; aid, she puts forth her spiritual strength with: in- creasing and not diminishing effects. Monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy* while they contend to the death with one another,' agree alone in bowing down before her sway; And, meanwhile, Protestantism stands tremb ling before her, and confesses its own utter powerlessness to stay her victorious march. They who deal her the most: vigorous -blows, and boast that they have inflicted on her the deepest wounds, are conscious that' they have but disturbed for a moment the action - of one of her liinbs, and: that the. heari of Catholicism is as untouched as ever. I call upon the reflecting Protestant, then, to ask himself, whether this, his total ina bility to master and cope with the greatest fact in the history of man, is not a proof that his intellect is in bonds to some fearful delusion, which prevents him from attaining to any true philosophy on the nature and destinies of bis species? lie knows well that it is only within a few centuries that the human mind has attained a real freedom in its investigation into physical science. ? It is not yet three hundred years since the ablest men had learnt to shake off those fetters which hampered them in their philosophical in quiries, and which made almost all science a heap of absurd impossibilities and old wives' tales. The most accomplished genius was shackled by a radically false conception of the elementary laws of physical investi gation. Read, think, argue, and observe as he might, still his conclusions were never to be trusted; and the great truths of the uni verse remained so many unexplained phe nomena, because he was in bondage to de ceptive principles of inquiry, arid based his studies upon absutdities and untruths. And just such is still the moral and religious science of Protestants. They start on false grounds in their inquiries. They admit im possibilities as undeniable axioms. . They have no conception of following out a true Baconian induction in classifying the pheno mena of the mind, and in deducing the laws by which humanity, is governed. They ac cept as facts the most baseless of reports. They deny one class of statements which rest on unanswerable evidence, and devoutly believe another class which rest on no evi dence at all. The human mind, on their view, is as heterogeneous- and impossible a compound of mutually destructive elements, as the material universe was accounted by the old philosophers down to the sixteenth century.. And this giant fact, the Catholic Church, is itself a proof that they have not yet at tained to any true principles of philosophic inquiry. They are appalled by its magni tude, confounded by what they think its ec centric movements, and seem convinced of one truth alonerrrthe truth that the Catholic Church is irresistible. Like the unscientific races of old, who stood aghast at the adven ture of a comet, or like a wild band of savage men, who would drive away an eclipse with shouts and the clang of martial arms, the entire mind of Protestantism looks on at this awful portent which meets its eyes wheresoever it turns, and with shoutings; and trumpitingsj and all the clamour of brazen controversy, attempts to scare away from the face of the earth that terrible power, whose comings and whose goings they are unable to comprehend. Once more : I cannot but regard the sin gular ignorance of Protestants with respect to the real doctrines and practices of Catho licism, as a striking token of the absence of all real freedom of thought .in their minds. To those who know the Catholic Ghurch by obedience to her commands, and by asso ciating with Catholics as one of themselves, the inability of their Protestant fellowcrea tures to understand what Catholicism ac tually is, is a subject of daily wonder. Knowing, as I do, how matters really stand, and with all my past experience of the blindness of Protestants to the true nature of the Church which they incessantly argue against and condemn, I repeatedly find it almost impossible that they are, in deed as ignorant of us as I yet know them to be. Amidst. all the innumerable varieties of mind, rank, circumstances, attainments, opinions, and religious creeds which prevail ^monf-fhT English' people ;:;' I We'6he'^6\ni in. which they all agree;, they arej: with Scarcely an exception, a prey to a total mis understanding of the dogmas and practices of their Catholic fellow-cotintrymen. A sort of infatuation seems to possess them on the subject of the Church of Rome. They literally will not move a step to ascertain what her true character is; and when chance throws information on the subject in their way, they fly from the knowledge they might attain as though it were a contagions disease. With hundreds of thousands of Catholics all around them; with Catholic churches, chapels, convents, and clergy in every large town in the kingdom ; with books on Catho lics-belief in multitudes in every language * under the sun ; and notwithstanding all their knowledge of the tremendous power of Ca tholicism ; yet, by an incomprehensible per verseness, they steadfastly refuse to take the most ordinary means for acquainting them selves with the real truth or falsehood of the notions which they hear retailed around them on this momentous subject. Were it not mournful, it would be laughable, to ob serve the feeliug of dread with which most people fly from the touch of a Catholic book or from conversation on Catholic doctrines, as if a kind of moral pestilence would be evolved by the the most distant approach to the fatal snare. They no more think of en tering a Catholic Church — unless they are on the Continent — than of frequenting the dens of abominab e vice. They voluntarily close their eyes to all personal and certain knowledge of the bearings of one of the ? most important questions which can occupy their thoughts, while at the same time they tremble before its aspect, and confess its su perhuman powers. Is this, then, 1 ask, the conduct of ra tional intelligences, acting freely, and with*a reliance upon their own strength and honesty of purpose? What would the learned world say to a man of acuteness who persisted in refusing to acquaint himself with those facts in secular life, which are at the same time the most important, and the most easy of access? What would not be our contempt iora person who wrote a vehement attack on Liebig's Chemistry, without reading a word . of Liebig's writings ? or for oue who de nounced the whole system of medicine and surgery, without acquainting himself with the practice of living physicians and sur geons 1 The voluntary ignorance of Pro testants respecting the true state and doc trines of . Catholics, combined with their horror of associating with them, and their dread of their serpent-like influence, is in truth without parallel, in secular affairs. It is a token, clear as the sun to those who have eyes to discern it, that some incomprehensi ble and subtle power, binds down the non Catholic intellect, _, and forbids it to employ its natural capacities with that vigour and independence which it claims to possess Like the other points to which I have called attention, it shews that Protestantism is not free ; that its vaunted liberty is but uncon scious servitude ; and that, if it would be free indeed, it must adopt that one system of faith and morals which alone gives free dom to man, because it sets up law in the place of license, ^nd in the place of the right to doubt confers the power ro believe. As in politics, so in religion,— -there can be -no liberty without restraint, no personal free dom without a supreme authority. 