ENGLISH EXTRACTS. - THE CEREMONY OF OPENING THE ,,-? ... GREAT EXHIBITION. AILEEN,. PROSE THE TRANSEPT. (From, the Morning Chronicle). As the morning, advanced, down upon the vaulted crystal of the lofty chancel roof came a blaze of brightest sunbeams, shedding a glittering radiance and a glory upon all the splendid scene beneath. " Queen's weather, indeed The phrase leaped from mouth to mouth, as through the many small wickets of the great southern portal long wriggling, struggling lines of crowd fought their way into the nave, and then hurriedly rushed hither and thither in a state of almost frantic eagerness, to secure the best of the appointed accommodation. Queen's weather, truly ! as the sun, gaining more and more power-the great glass vault, and the stately galleries, rising in their symmetry and stretching in endless vistas, right and left and the statues, and the fountains, and the trees palms. and palmetto growing side by side with the brave old elms and the glittering masses of lustrous chandeliers and the spreading expanses of richest carpets and tapestry, and the trophies of silken stuff and brocaded stuff, and pictures and devices came out brighter and brighter, and fresher arid fresher in the glare. Our foreign friends soon caught up the phrase, and echoed it with immense satisfaction in fact temps de la Reine Her Majesty's meteorological fortune had not deserted her. The day, it was evident, would smile upon the pageant. We will suppose nine o'clock or thereabouts, to be the hour as pointed to by the many clocks of the Exhibition; and having the united testimony to the fact, of the works of all the most famous horological in the world, we proceed to note down on impression or two of the state of matters as existing in the transept at that juncture. The doors had been already flung open, and a scene which is now very commonly described as that which ordinarily marks a " Jenny Lind night was being enacted at every one of them. Your well-bred and well- dressed crowd squeeze just as heartily and get just as hot and lustrous over the struggle, as the candidates for the first gallery row on Boxing-day. Patrician elbows ate just as sharp as plebeian ones, and they are on occasions, as we can testify, used with decided vigour and effect. Outside the gateway, a no- tion was prevalent that the slowness of the transit was caused by the ho ders of season tickets being obliged to sign their names, and many jocose recommendations to translate signatures into marks, were forthcoming from facetious gentlemen in the rear. Gradually, however, the crowd became absorbed by the many t portals, and as the struggling mass of ladies and gentlemen dis- appeared from without the walls, a similar jostling and thronging group pushed madly to and fro within. Then came the fight for places. Everybody had some sort of ticket-some sort of shibboleth, which he or she appeared to regard in the light of a universal " Open Sesame." Not a soul, male or female, in black pantaloons or pink ribbons, but appeared to be possessed by an urgent desire of getting to some other position than that held during the moment, so that every- body pushed by everybody everybody stamped on everybody's toes-e\erybo'iy considered everybody else as a mere interlopers, and secretly wondered how such people had been let in at all. Not that there was any bad humour but the confusion boat chaos. There was a ceremony to be performed which could only been, as a matter of physical possibility, by about 4000 or 5000 people, and there were 25,000 so anxious to see it as to have paid their two or three guineas a piece for the sight. Furthermore, sitting accommodation was provided for about 5000, and it was gained and kept in the vast majority of cases, not by right, but by sheer effrontery. It is perfectly astonishing what brass will effect in such cases as great public festivals like the Exhibition. It was wonderful sometimes to see a charge made by the police, and a couple of files of Sappers and Miners, to drive back the crowd from a particular spot. Back at first, they certainly would go ; but in ten minutes the old position would be gradually won again. The slow, silent pressure of the crowd would insensibly but irresistibly prevail, and in ten minutes after they had been driven ignominiously to the rear, the old position would be recovered, and the old placid faces would re-appear in the old ground, quite ready to be driven back again, and perfectly prepared to recover their position in another ten minutes after. The jumble of orders, instructions, and remonstrances, constantly passing between the authorities and the thronging, eager multitude was very strange. Every ticket holder seemed to be bent upon going the wrong way, and could get nobody to tell him which was the right. \- All this time the reader will understand that the crowd is rapidly accumulating that uniforms and Court dresses are glittering among the struggling groups-and that ladies, en grande toilette, of whom there were a few are beginning to have their feathers terribly rumpled. The seats have been by this time all filled, except a single platform, which, although mysteriously reserved, has been besieged and partially gained possession of. This is the platform to the east of the transept, and the most spacious one built, commanding a good and to lerably close view of the ceremony. Allot once the ladies and gentlemen who have snugly taken up their stations are ruthlessly turned out, and all sorts of strange rumours go about as to the destiny of the tabooed structure. "It is for the corps diplo pratique!" "It is for the juries of departments I" " It is for the principal exhibitors !" and at length an outrageous notion comes into fashion that it has been kept for the " Lord Mayor's family," an intimation which is received with a shout of popular disapprobation, and with many epithets by no means flattering to the dignity of the Mansion-house. All, however, is tolerably good humour, and the controversies carried on are pleasantly seasoned with jokes. Our foreign friends are particu- . larly in serious. Now, perhaps, a little drum mer or offer, or something in the juvenile military line, makes his way through the crowd to join his comrades. Instantly, as he passes a group of long-bearded black-eyed men, there arises a shout " Place pour le petit tambour." "Dites done quit est gentil, le petit dress In." " Oh, mon Dieu, veils le petit guerrier, avec la trumpeter." The aspect of the gentlemen, principally from the city, in Court dresses, also strike Continental Europe in general with lively curiosity and interest. One magnificent specimen, in an overpowering cocked hat and marvellously tight breeches, evoked an involuntary exclamation from a party of Parisians of El Dieu ! question que c'cBt quo centre space d'hommo-lù ?" All this time the police and the party of Sappers and Miners; and the spiriting most gently. More good temper and reasonable feeling were never, (d played under similar circumstances. Joking arguments were carried on between the people and their blue coated rulers, in which the former proved to admiration why they should be allowed to encroach upon the ceremonial space- and in which the latter, with smiling faces"" but stoutly -pushing shoulders, demonstrated their view, on the contrary, that the central square ought to be and must be kept clear at all hazards. The officers in command were also most courteous, and especially mention must be made of the perfectly gentlemanly and kindly demeanour of an officer of the Engineers, to whom the writer is indebted for the excellent position whistle at last attained. The mention of a square space kept open for the coming ceremonial brings us naturally to a , slight descriptive sketch of the arrangements actually made. We need hardly say that the spot selected as the most central for the chair of state of her Majesty was the intersection of the transept with the nave. Imagine the latter a vast avenue, crowded with a gorgeous succession of great works of art, and showy examples of decorative taste and skill statues, carved screens, enormous furniture pieces, gigantic models, arranged in one great motionless procession from east to west. At the point of intersection of the transept stands a magnificent crystal fountain- its fault being, however, that there is too much glass for the water - too much body, and too little soul. Round the glittering pUe stretches a circular basin. To the south, always in the transept, rises another succession of statues and works of art. To the north, just beyond the point of junction with the nave, and between the fountain basin and another assemblage of statues, smaller forts, models, and eastern exotic trees, palms and palmettos, carrying the mind away at once to the desert and the tropics ; between these two groups of objects, extending along the transept, imagine a goodly open space, a great portion of which is taken up by a dais raised by three or four steps from the general level of the floor. Upon the dais stands a chair of state, of crimson velvet and gold. Above the chair of state hangs a glorious canopy, also of velvet and gold, surmounted by plumes of t snow-white ostrich feathers. in the chair. of ''state, upon the dais, and underneath the canopy, the Queen will sit. Meantime a square space, embracing both the dais and the glass fountain in front of it, is kept perfectly clear by four double lines of police and sappers and miners. These are the civil and military authorities, whose good-humoured combat with the multitude we have already attempted to sketch. They stand in mutually 'aiding rank, keeping a perfect square, and British squares were never broken. Inside the favoured space groups of officers have mustered. Gentlemen in nondescript uniforms, which are not clearly understood by the bystanders, but which are set down as either Russian regimentals or Yeomanry regi- mentals, appear to have a provokingly great liberty of locomotion and gentlemen in more unpretending attire rush hither and thither with bundles of papers and despatches, as if the safety of the Exhibition depended upon their zeal. Party after party of police and military emerge in compact bodies from un thought-of corners and angles, and all the military and all the police make for the magic square, and range themselves round it, doing good-natured battle with the constantly growing number of their popular enemies. The platforms are now filling fast. " The Lord Mayor's family" increase and multiply alarmingly. People who have got comfortably settled begin to use lorgnettes, and laugh at their friends perspiring in the crowd, while people who have lorgnettes in their coat pockets are calculating the chances of having skirt and glass carried away at the same moment. Above, the galleries are fast filling, with the exception of the four corners abutting upon the tabooed space, which have been reserved for the creme de la creme of the diplomatic, political, and aristocratic world. Further away along either have -the home one to the west, and the foreign to the east the season-ticket holders are ranged in fast vistas, fading away in the distance until these full grown ladies and gentlemen seem no bigger than pins" heads, and giving me to terrible misgiving in the mind of the philanthropic be-' holder as to what the liberal individuals in question will see, at least so far as the ceremony goes, for their money. By ten o'clock, or thereabouts, people have shaken themselves into something like order, and lanes alleys in the crowd have been successfully established - thoroughfares along which gentlemen in all sort of outlandish costumes appear to find a ready passage, but in which no possible appliance of tickets or passes seem to be available. White cards, blue cards, pink cords, yellow cards, are all rejected. Gentlemen in a state of mingled perspiration and despair are courteously requested to make de- tour passages to their places of destination much upon the same principle as if you were to request a friend to go from Bond-street to Regent-street, round by the Strand, Fleet street, the City, and back by Finsbury and the New-road-and the perplexity and consterna- tion of fiercely-dragged-about ladies are at their summit. It was towards half-past ten o'clock that the appearance of notabilities in the crowd began to excite attention, and to give rise to sundry local and partial bursts of cheering. The Duke of Wellington was, as usual, early in the field. All at once his Grace appeared, giving his arm to the Marchioness of Douro, at the angle of the galley above the industrial empire of Persia, and a vigorous cheer instantly broke forth. The Duke, who looked exceedingly well, and was evidently in high spirits, acknowledged the greeting, and then there suddenly passed through the crowd the mot desire, "This is the Duke's birthday-his eighty-second birthday ;" and immediately another and a louder cheer rung up from the thronged nave, and was caught and re-echoed down the long vistas of aisle and gallery. Shortly afterwards the appearance of Signor Lablache, struggling in the crowd, like an Arctic ship beset with pack ice, attracted general attention, and the successful issue of the great basso from the pressing match to which he had been subjected called forth decided demonstrations of gratified feeling. As the morning advanced every arrival of a distinguished personage was greeted with lusty cheers by the few who chanced, from the immediate vicinity, to be cognisant of the fact and these partial outbreaks of enthusiasm, relieved from time to time by a few full preluding chords of the organs, imprudent, as it were, to break into their jubilant outburst of harmony \- formed the principal features of more than one tedious waiting hour. It was not-from causes which have been already stated until nearly eleven o'clock that we gained our proper vantage ground, and had a fair prospect of the coup d'oeil beneath. It was, as may be imagined, brilliant in the extreme. All round the square described was ranged the gaily-dressed throng of expectant company. Here they sat and stood in serried tiles of gaily tinted colour ; there they rose into pyramids and ledges, clustering up upon the irregularly constructed platforms. Above towered the spacious galleries, sweeping away into long vistas of symmetrically disposed lines, bright and garish with never-ending changes of colour and costume, and fluttering with the waving handkerchiefs, ribbons, and scarfs, which flickered down the long ranks of richly dressed ladies. Meantime the police and the engineer corps have been withdrawn from the boundaries of the central square, and in their place there marches in a body of, as we understood, the " guntkmen-at-arms." magnificently dressed in scarlet uniforms and brazen helmets ornamented with long plumes of white feathers. Each carried an antique partizan, each wore a bristling moustache, each glittered in gold and scarlet, and altogether a more- gallant-looking body-guard could not have been imagined. Shortly after the square had been thus finally formed, the advent in the notabilities become thick and threefold ministers, ambassadors, distinguished peers and distinguished commoners, poured in from every avenue and the effect of the variety of uniforms in every possible style and of every possible colour, continually intermingling and interchanging their hues and metallic shades, of gold and silver rich- ness the effect, we repeat, of such a picture, carried out by the stately lines and gorgeous adornments of the galleries, became every moment more and more sparkling, and we may almost say more and more bewildering. Then, one by one, appeared in the reserved galleries, and in the open space beneath, the leading men of the nation. The Ministers wore the usual Cabinet uniform, and appeared, like Swift's captain of horse, " all daubed with gold lace." Lord John Russell looked worn and pale, but seemed in good heart and spirits. Lord Palmerston was as 'a buxom, blythe, and debenture" as usual, and chatted and joked with the corps diplomatique. Earl Granville wore a yeomanry uniform. TheLordChancellor, in the usual, state dress of his high position, a court suit of black velvet, walked about for some time by himself and then proceeded to patronise the exhibitor of a fountain, with whom he entered into a lengthened conversation, which terminating in a series of hydraulic experiments upon the piece of mechanism in question. Mr. Cobden was the sole member of the commission who appeared in ordinary evening dress all beside him were glittering in gold and glistening in silk. ~ Imagine now about half-past eleven o'clock the great square space tolerably well occupied by groups of officers, diplomatists, and statesmen. Try to' summon up a mental glance of the variety and brilliancy of the uniforms. There stand, blazing with crosses, orders, and decorations, the representatives of every civilized country upon the face of the earth. France is there indicated by all her Republican diplomotists-Russia sends her representatives in green and silver Prussia's distinguishing colour is blue Austria is arrayed in silver and white while the Fez cap and the far more picturesque turban mark the emissaries of the Mussulman. A still more thorough-going Oriental-a Chinese clad in his home-spun silks -adds another feature to the glittering group. All this while the choir and principal orchestra have been assembling in the music gallery over the northern transept entrance. The ladies are dressed in white, and make a gay show-the gentlemen are in evening costume. Sir George Smart takes his place in the conductor's chair; the organists, Messrs. Goss and Turle assume their posts. All eyes are directed eagerly to the gradually creeping clock hands, and the advent of the principal personage of the day is momentarily expected. By this time all the authorities and notabilities have assembled. The ministers, officers of state, and foreign Ambassadors form groups round the fountain and before the chair of state. The Corporation of London, headed by the Lord Mayor and Recorder, have marched in in lengthy procession. A blazing cot stage of heralds and trumpeters perfect marvels of red cloth and gold lace have assumed their places. The beefeaters have duly arrived from the Tower, and line the path with formidable hal- herd from the entrance gate to the chair of state. All the official personages have descended from platforms and galleries into the central square, and the whole vast assemblage stands tiptoe with expectation. They have not to wait long. Through the glass walls of the Crystal Palace is seen a wavering and a movement among the thronging crowd outside. Then come the faintly heard sounds of distant cheering. In another moment, the gay horse-hair plumes and glanc- ing consists of the Guards are seen dashing along at a high trot, and then carriage after carriage known to be the vehicles of the royal party, flash along the line of transparent wall. A moment of solemn silence succeeds, when out there burst, clear and high, and loudly pealing, the resonant notes of the trumpet. We never heard a flourish executed with more effect; the volume of sound was so strong and clear, and the instruments so perfectly in tune. Still her Majesty did not at once enter. She had passed first to the robing-room, and a second flourish of trumpets announced her actual approach, when the bronze and gilded gate leading to the transept was flung open-the full crash and chorus, band and organ burst into "God save the Queen," only to be drowned in a moment by the outbreak of acclamation which simultaneously rose from floor and galleries, from nave and aisles, as the royal procession appeared and amid the whole expectant and upstanding multitude every hat was waved and every handkerchief was flourished. Following the Lord Chamberlain, and a group of the principal officers of the household, all of them walking backwards, and ushering in her Majesty, came the Queen, leaning upon Prince Albert's arm, and holding the Prince of Wales by the hand. The Prince Consort conducted in like manner the Princess Royal. Her Majesty was attired in pink and white, the bosom of the dress glistening with pearls. Li her hair sparkled a diamond tiara, and upon the top of her head she wore a miniature jewelled crown. Prince Albert was dressed as a Field Marshal in the British Army. The Prince of Wales were plaid and kilt of the Royal Stuart tartan, and the Princess Royal a frock similar in colour and material to that of her illustrious mother. Behind the royal group defiled a glittering line of lords and ladies the uniforms and court dresses of the gentlemen contrasting delightfully with the ball toilettes of the bevy of maids of honour and ladies in waiting whom they led in Close to her Majesty came the Prince of Prussia, with the Duchess of Kent on his arm and then followed a long line of court officials and beauties, for whose names and titles we must refer the reader to the programmes of the processions and the Court Circular. Singularly graceful, and quietly and softly dignified, as the carriage of the Queen always is, we never saw her look to more advantage we never saw a happier blending of the femi- nine grace of a gentle minded lady with the sustained and impressive dignity of a sovereign ruler-than when, leading her eldest son and leaning on her husband's arm, she slowly advanced at the head of her glittering court, returning with quiet and smiling courtesy the uproarious greetings which burst forth with more and more vehemence at every step she took. Arrived at the temporary throne, the Ministers and the great officers of the household gathered round the Sovereign in one of the most splendid groups ever brought together. The Queen, standing erect with the Prince and her children on each side, looked for a moment proudly over the assemblage, when there pealed forth another trumpet burst, and as the vast multitude, moved by the sudden impulse, again waved hats and kerchiefs, the sudden stir through all the aisles and galleries, the sudden flutter of drapery, and flash and glimmer of light upon satin, silk, and velvet, showed like a vast, vivid, gleam- ing sunburst playing upon the crowd. The effect, as may be conceived, was splendid in the extreme." This last ebullition over the actual business of the opening commenced. [An account of the presentation of the address from the Commissioners, and her Majesty's reply, have already appeared in the Herald After a brief pause, the Most Reverend the Archbishop of Canterbury came forth, and in a loud and sonorous voice offered up the prayers of the Church in behalf of the enterprise. After having repeated the Lord's Prayer, the Most Rev erend Prelate proceeded with the office of religion as follows ; - " Almighty and Everlasting God, who dost govern all things both in heaven and earth, without whom nothing is strong, nothing is holy ; accept, we beseech Thee, the sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving, and receive these our prayers, which we offer unto Thee this day in behalf of the kingdom and people of this land. We acknowledge, O Lord, that Thou hast multiplied upon us blessings which Thou mighest most justly have withheld. We acknowledge that it is not because of works of righteousness which we have done, but of Thy great mercy, that we are permitted to come before Thee with the voice of thanksgiving; and that instead of humbling us for our offences, Thou hast given us fresh cause to praise Thee for thine abundant goodness. And now, O Lord, we beseech Thee to bless the work which Thou hast enabled us to begin, and to regard with Thy favour our present purpose of uniting together in the bonds of peace and concord the different nations of the earth. For with thee, O Lord, is the preparation of the heart in man. Of Thee it cometh, that violence is not heard in Our land, wasting nor destruction within its borders. It is of thee O Lord, that nation does not lift up sword against nation, nor learn war any more. It is of Thee that peace is within our walls, and plenteous ness within our palaces. It is of Thee that men go to and fro in safety, and knowledge is increased throughout the world for the spirit of man is from Theo and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth him understanding. Therefore, O Lord, not unto us, not unto us, but I unto thy name be all the praise. Whilst we survey the works of art and industry which surround us, let not our hearts be lifted up that we forget the Lord our God, as if our own power, or the might of our hands, had gotten us this wealth. Teach us over to remember that all this store which we have prepared cometh of thine hand, and is all Thine own. Both riches and honour come of Thee, and Thou reignest over all and in Thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all. Now, therefore, O God, we thank Thee, we praise Thee, and entreat Thee so to overrule this assemblage of many nations, that it may tend to the advancement of Thy glory, to the diffusion of Thy Holy Word to the increase of general prosperity, by promoting peace and goodwill among the different races of mankind. Let the many mercies which we receive from Thee dispose our hearts to serve Thee more faithfully, who art the Author and Giver of them all. And, finally, O Lord, teach us to use those earthly blessings which thou gi vest us richly to enjoy that they may not draw our affections from those heavenly things which Thou hast prepared for them that love and serve thee, through the merits and mediation of Thy Son Jesus Christ our Lord to whom, with Theo and the Holy Ghost, be all honour and glory, for ever and ever." During the prayer her Majesty remained in an attitude of reverent attention- the centre of the group clustered round her-and as the Archbishop's voice died away, the thunder of the opening chords of the sublime " Hallelujah chorus" burst gloriously upon the on., pealing splendidly out as the 'band and chorus lent their full vigour to the execution of the music which, although, of course, under the circumstances, little marked by nuance, was powerful and effective in the highest degree. The Handelian chorus over the royal proces cession to conduct her Majesty through the principal avenues of the exhibition was formed, the groups flung at random before the throne and round the fountain filing off in slow and stately order, led by a glittering party of heralds in all the glory of Lion and Garter King at Arms-the various official personages connected with the building in their rear, the foreign and home commissioners following in order. The diplomatic body came next, and after them the members of the Cabinet, followed in their turn by the royal party, preceded by the great officers of the household. A noticeable feature in the procession was presented by the Duke of Wellington and the Marquis of Anglesey, who moved side by side and not a little attention was also excited by the appearance in the line of march of the mandarin Husing, of the junk Keying, the Chinese to whom we have already alluded, and the particulars of whose reception by her Majesty will be afterwards noticed. So constituted, the procession wound its slow way along the western nave, visiting, in the first instance, the depot of British industry and skill. From our position in the transept, we could hear the gradually declining sound of the continuous cheering as the procession proceeded westward ; then there came faintly upon the ear the distant peals of organ music, while presently the acclamation, again waxing louder, gave note that the party were returning, "pie passage of the procession through the transept, as seen from an elevated position was very striking, It seemed as if a stream of gold and blazing gems of every time, and every shade of lustre, was rolling its slow but gorgeous way through banks of outspread drapery and waving fluttering scarfs and ribbons. The expression may seem hyperbolical, but it conveys the sensation produced by the stately in march of the glittering court party defiling among the brilliant masses of that gaily decked and waving, undulating company. Shortly before one o'clock - the period passed in visiting the home and foreign depart- merits of the Exhibition having been shot er than was contemplated - her Majesty was again welcomed in the transept. Again she took her seat in the Chair of State ; again the trumpets broke forth in royal clamour ; again the glittering group of her immediate attendants the statement of her councils, the representatives of her foreign allies, the officers of her household-arranged themselves around her, and, after a momentary pause, she rose, and gracefully pointing to the eastern and western ranges of nave and gallery, pronounced the Exhibition to be open. The words, of course, were not generally heard, but the motion was perfectly understood, and a long loud shout of acclamation, similar to that which welcomed the Queen as she passed the threshhold, pealed forth while the sudden and startling burst of the trumpets was at once answered by the quick and heavy reports of the artillery firing the announced royal salute from the north side of the Serpentine The ceremonial was over. The Exhibition was opened. The grandest coup soil perhaps ever witnessed had been achieved, and the most remarkable museum ever collected had been inaugurated. We have made no attempt to describe the inanimate features of the scene. The public must be tolerably well aware, from engravings and descrip , tions, of the general appearance of the interior of the Exhibition, particularly the might cently vaulted transept. To obtain anything like an idea of the scene of yesterday, they must people the mighty building with an innumerable crowd-anxious, excited, brilliant. They must picture this crowd, massed on the floor, clustering on platforms, swarming on galleries, spreading its proportions on all sides from the square space in the centre, which is one blaze of many-coloured uniforms, of plumes, epaulettes, and helmets-they must encompass this picture with the frame of the symmetrical proportions of the glorious building itself-they must deck it with the visions of statues, exotics, fountains,-glittering chandeliers and gorgeous' tapestry they must fill the air with mingled music and acclamation they must conceive the moral' enthusiasm and fervour which universally provailed->-they must picture all the vision, moving, waving, trembling with life and excitement; and having done so, they will, perhaps have some faint and vague idea of the scene presented at the inauguration of the Crystal Palace by Queen Victoria, a After the opening had been pronounced; the ' Royal procession retired as it had entered. 