THE HAUNTED HOUSE IN CHARNWOOD FOREST. ONE fine, blustering autumn day, a quiet and vene rable-looking old Igentleman might be seen, with stick in hand, taking his walks through the streets of Leicester. If any one had followed him, they would have found him directing his steps towards that side of the town which leads to Charnwood. The old gentleman, who was a Quaker, took his way leisurely, but thoughtfully, stopping every now and then to see what the farmer's men were about, who were ploughing up the stubbles to prepare for ano ther year's crop. He paused, also, at this and that farm-house, evidently having a real pleasure in the sight of good, fat cattle, and in the flooks of poultry, fowls, ducks, geese, and turkeys, busy about the barn-door, where the sound of the flail or the swip ple, as they there term it, was already heard, busily knocking out the corn of the last bountiful harvest. Our old friend-a Friend: for though you, dear readers, do not know him, he is both, or rather was, at the time we speak of-our old friend, again trudg ing on would pause on the brow of a hill, at a stile, or on some rustic bridge, casting its little obliging brooklet, and inhale the fresh, autumn air, and after looking around him, not to himself, as if to say, "Ah! all good, all beautiful ! " and so he went on again. But it would niot be long before he would be again arrested by clusters of rich, jetty black berries hanging from some old hawthorn hedge, or by clusters of nuts hanging by the way-side, through the copse. In all these natural beauties our old wayfarer seemed to have the enjoyment of a child. Blackberries went into his mouth, and nuts into his pockets; and so, with a quiet, inquiring, and thought fal, yet thoughtfully cheerful look, the good old man went on. He seemed bound for a long walk, and yet he seemed in no hurry. In one place he stopped to talk to a very old labourer, who was clearing out a ditch; and if you had been near, you would have heard that their discourse was of the past days, and the changes in that part of the. country, which the old labourer thought were very much for the worse -and worse they were for him: for formerlyhe was young, and full of life, and now he was old, and nearly empty of life. Then he was buoyant, sang songs, made love, went to wakes and merry-makings; now his wooing days, and his marrying and his mar ried days were over. His good old dame, who ~n those young buxom days was a round faced, rosy, plump, and light-hearted damsel, was dead, and his children were married,'and had enough to do. In those days the poor fellow was strong and lusty, had no fear and no care ; in these he was weak and tot tering, had been pulled and harassed a thousand ways, and was left, as he said, like an old dry key, i. e. a hemlock, or cow-parsnip stalk, to be knocked down and trodden into the dust some day. Yes, sure enough, those past days were very much better \- days than these days wore to him, No comparison. But John Bashford, our old vwanderer, was taking a moreoheerful view of things, and tolling the nearly out-worn labourer, that when the night came there followed morning, and that the next would be a heavenly morning, shining on hills of glory, on waters of life, on cities of the blest, where no sun rose, and no sun set, and where every joyful creature ofjoyfully youth, whohad been dear to him and true to him and God, would again meet him, and make times such as should cause songs of praise to spring out of his heart,just as flowers spring out of a ver nal tree in the rekindled warmth of the sun. The old labourer leaned reverently on his spade, as the worthy man talked to him. His grey looks, uncovered at his labour by any hat, were tossed in the autimn wind. His dim eye was fixed on the distant sky, that rolled its dark masses of clouds on the wind, and the deep wrinkles of his pale and feeble temples seemed to growdeeper at the thoughts passing in him. He was listening as to a sermon, that brought together his youth and his age, his past and his fulture; and there was verified on that spot words which Jesus Christ spoke nearly two thousand years before-" Wherever two or three are met together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." He was in the midst of the two only. There was a temple there in those open fields, sanc tified by two pious hearts, which no rinming of bells, no sound of solemn organ, or voice of congregated smingers, nor any preacher but thie present and'invisi ble one, who there and then Ifulfilled his promise and was gracious, one who was felt though not seen, could have made more holy. As onr old friend again turned to set forward, he shook the old labourer kindly by the hand, and there was a gaze of astonisllment in tihe poor old man's face-the stranger had not only cheered him by his words, but left something to cheer him when he S was gone. The Friend now went on with a more determined step. IHe skirted the memorable park of Bradgate, famous for the abode of Lady Jane Gray, and the visit of her schoolmaster, Roger Ascham. He went on then into a regionu of woods and hills. At some seven or eight miles from Leicester he drew near a solitary farm- house, within the ancient limits of the Forest of Charnwood. It was certainly a lonely place amidst the woodlands, and the wild autumn fields. Evening was fast 'dropping down; and as the shade of night fell on the scene, the wind tossed more rushingly the boughs of the thick trees, and roared down the rdcky valley. John Bashford went up to the farm-house, however, as if that were the object of his journey, and a woman opening it at his knock, he soon disappeared within. Now our old friend was a perfect stranger here. Had never been here before; had no acquaintance, nor actual business with the inhabitants. Hostated merely that he was somewhat fatigued with his walk from the town and requested leave to rest awhile. In such a place such a request is readily and even gladly granted. There was a cheerful fire burning on a bright, clean hearth. The kettle was singing on the hob for ten, and the contrast of the indoor comfort was sensibly heightened by the wild gloom without. The farmer's wife, who had admitted the stranger, soon went out and called her husband from the fold-yard. He was a plain, hearty sort of man; gave our friend a hearty shake of the hand, sat down, and began to converse. A little time seemed to establish a friendly interest between the stranger and the farmer, and his wife. John ]ashford asked whether they would allow him to smoke a pipe, which was not only readily accorded, but the farmer joined him. They smoked and talked alternately of the country and the town, Leicester being the farmer's market, tand as familiar to him as hIis own neighbourhood. He soon came to kuow who hisi guest was too, and expressed much pleasure in the visit. Tea was carried into the parlour, and thither thoy-all adjourned: for now the farming men were coming into the kitchen, where they sat, for the eveniag. Tea over, the two gentlemen again had a pipe, and the conversation wandered over a multitude of things, and people known to both. But the night was come down pitch dark, wild and windy, and old John Bashford had to return to Leicester. "To Leicester !" exclaimed atonce man and wife. "To Leicester!" No such thing. He must stay where he was,-where could he be better ? John Bashford confessed what was true; he had great pleasure in conversing with them, but then was it not an unwarrantable hlberty to come to a stranger's house, and make thus free! "Not in the least'," the farmer replied; "the freer the better !" The matter thus was settled; and the evening wore off; but in the course of the evening the guest, whose simple manner, strong sense, anddeeply pious feeling, had made a most favourable impression on his entertainers, hinted that he had heard some sin goular rumour regarding this house, and that, in truth, had been the cause which had attracted him thither. He had heard, in fact, that :a particular chamber in this house was haunted, and he had for a long time felt a growing desire to pass a night in it. He now begged that that favour might be granted him. As he had opened this subject, an evident cloud, and something of an unpleasant surprise, had fallen on the countenances of both man and wife. It deepened as John Bashford proceeded; the farmer had withdrawn his pipe from his mouth, and laid it on the table, and the woman had risen up and looked uneasily at their guest. The momerit that he ut tered.the wish to sleep in the haunted room, both exclaimed, in the same instant, against it. "No, never !" they exclaimed; "never, on any consideration ! They had made a fair resolve on that point, that nothing would induce them to break through." The guest expressed himself disappointed but did not press the matter filrther at the moment. He contented himself with turning the conversation quietly upon this subject, and after a while found the farmer and his wife confirmed to him everything he had heard. .Once more then, and as incidentally, he expressed his regret that he could not gratify the curiosity which had brought him so far, and before the time for retiring had arrived, again ven tured to express how what he had now heard had added to his previous desire to pass a night in that room. He did not profess to believe himself invul nerable to fears of such a kind, but was curious to convince himself of the actual existence of spiritual agency of this character. The farmer and his wife steadily refused. They declared that others who had come with the same wish, and had been allowed to gratify it, hadsuffered such terrors as made their after lives miserable. The last of these guests was a clergyman who received such a fright that hlie sprang from his bed at mid night, had descended, gone into the stable, and, saddling his horse, had ridden away at full speed. Those things had caused them to refuse, and that firmly, any fresh experiment of the kind. The spirit visitation was described to be generally this. At midnight the stranger sleeping in that room would hear the latch of the door raised, would in the dark perceive a light 'step enter, and with a stealthy tread, cross the room and approach the foot of the bed. The curtains would be agitated, and something would be perceived mounted on the bed, and proceeding up it, just on the body of the person in it. The supernatural visitant would then seem to stretch itself full length on the person of the agitated guest; and the next moment he.would feel an oppression at his chest as of a night mare, and something extremely cold touch his face. At this crisis the terrified guest would usually utter a fearful shriek, and often go into a swoon. The whole family would be roused from their beds by the alarm; but on no occasion had any trace of the cause of terror been found, though the house had been, on such occasions, everywhere diligently searched. The annoying visit was descirbed as being by no means uniform. Sometimes it would not take place for a very long time so that they would begin to hope that there would be no more of it; but it would, when least expected, again occur. Few people, of late years, however, had ventured to sleep in that room, and never since the aforemen tioned clergyman was so terribly alarmed, and that was two years ago, had it once been occupied. "Then," said John Bashford, "it is probable that the annoyance is done with for ever. If the trou blesome visitant was still occasionally present, it would no doubt, take care to manifest itself in some mode or place. It was necessary to test the matter, to see whether this particular room was still subject to so strange a phenomenon." The old man urged his suit all the more earnestly, and after further show of extreme reluctance on the part of his enter tainers, finally prevailed. The consent being once given, the farmer's wife retired as if to give orders for this mysterious room being prepared. Our friend heard sundry goings to and fro; but at length it was announced to him that all was ready ; the farmer and his wife both repeating that they would be much better satisfied if Mr. ]3ashford would be willing to sleep in some other room. The old man, however, remained firm to his purpose; he was shown to his'chamber, and the maid who led the way stood at some distance from the dreaded door, anid pointing to it, bade him good night, and hurried away. Mr. Bnshford found himself alone in the haunted room. He looked round, and discovered nothing that should make it differ from any other good and comfortable chamber, or that should give to some invisible agent so singular a propensity as that of disturbing any innocent mortal tlhat nocturnated in it. Whether he felt any nervous terrors we know not, but as he was come to see all that would or could occur there, he kept himself most vigilantly awake. He laid down on a very good feather-bed, extinguished his light, and waited in patience. 'The time'and tide, as they will wait for no man, went on. All sounds of life ceased in the house; nothing could be heard but the rushing wind without, and the bark of the yard dog occasionally amid the southing blast. Midnight came, and found John Bashford wide awake and watchfully expectant. Nothing stirred, but he lay still on the watch. At length-was it so ? Did hlie hear a rustling move ment, as it were, near his.door ? or was it his excited fancy? He raised his head from his pillow, and listened intently. Hush! there is something? - no ! it was his contagious mind, ready to hear and see-what ?-There was an actual sound of the latch I hlie could hear it raised ! he could not be mis taken. There was a sound as if the door was cau tiously opened.-List! it was true; there was soft stealthy footsteps on the carpet; they came directly towards his bed; they paused at its foot; the cur tains were igitated: there were steps on the bed; something. crept-did not the heart and the very flesh of the rash old man creep too t-and upon him sunk a palpable form, palpable from its pressure, for the night was dark as an oven. There was a heavy weight on his chest; and in the same instant some thing almost icy cold touched his face. With a sudden convulsive action the old man flung up his arms, clutched at the terrible object which thus oppressed him, and shouted, with a loud cry, "I have got him! I have got him! " There was a sound as of a deep growl-a vehe ment strugrle--but John Bashford held fast his hold, and felt that he had something.within it huge, sbhaggy and powerful. Once more he raised his voice loud enough to arouse the Whole house but it seemed no voice of terror, but one of triumph and satisfaction. In the next instant, the farmer rushed into the room with a light in his hand, and revealed to John Bashford that he held in his arms the strug gling form of-a huge Newfoundland dog ! "Let him go, sir, in God's name 1" exclaimed the farmer on whose brow drops of real angmush stood and glistened in the light of the candle.--" Down stairs, Caesar," and the dog released from the hold of the Quaker, departed as if much ashamed. In the same instant the farmer and his wife, who now also came in, dressed, and evidently never havmng been to bed, were on their knees by the bed side. "You know it all sir," said the farmer. "You see through it. You were too deep and strong minded to be imposed upon. We were, therefore, afraid of this when you asked to sleep in this room. Promise us now, that while we live you will never reveal what you know." They then related to him that this house and chamber had never been haunted by any other than this dog, which had been trained to play the part. That for generations their family had lived on this. farm; but some years ago their landlord, having suddenly raised their rent to an amount that they felt they could not give, they were compelled to think of quitting the farm. This was to them an insuperable source of grief. It was theplace that all their lives and memories were wound up with. They were extremely cast down. , Suddenly it oc curred to them to give an ill name to the house. They hit on this scheme, and having practised it well, they did not want long an opportunity of put ting it in practice. It had succeeded beyond their utmost expectations. The superstitious fears of their guests werefound to be of a force which com letely blinded them to any discovery of the truth. There had been occasions when they thought some clumsy accident must have stripped away the delu sions-but no ! there seemed a thick veil of blind ness, a fascination of terror cast over the strongest minds, which nothing could pierce through. Case after case occurred, and the house and farm ac quired such a character, that no money, or consi deration of any kind, would have induced a fresh tenant to live there. The old tenants continued at their old rent, anid the comfortable ghost stretched himself every night in a capacious kennel without any need of disturbing his slumbers by calls to dis turb those of the guests of the haunted chamber. Hamving made this revelation the farmer and his wife again implored their guest to preserve their secret. He hesitated. "'Nay," said he, "I think it would not be right to do that. It would be to be come a party in a public deception. It would be a kind of fraudon the world and the landlord. It would serve to keep up those superstitious terrors which should be, as speedily as possible, dissi pated." The farmer was in agony. He rose and strode to and fro in the room. His countenance grew red and wratlhful. He cast dark glances at his guest,-whom his wife continued to implore, and who sate silent, and as it were. lost in reflection. "And do you think it a right thing, sir, thus to force yourself into a stranger's house and family, and, in spite of the strongest wishes expressed to the contrary, into his very chambers, and that only todo him a mischief? Is that your religion; sir? I thought you had something better in you than that. Am I now to think your mildness and piety were only so much hypocrisy put on to ruin me " "Nay, friend, I don't want to ruin thee." "But ruin me you will, though, if you publish this discovery. Out I must turn, and be the laugh ing stock of the whole country to boot. Now if that is what you mean, say. so, and I, shall know what sort of man you are. Let me know; at once whether you are an honest man or a cockatrice." " My friend, canst thou call thyself an honest man in practising this deception all these years, and depriving the landlord of the rent he would other wise have got from another. And dost thou think it would be honest in me to assist in the continu ance of this fraud?" " I rob the landlord of nothing. I pay a good fair rent, but I don't want to quit the old spot; and and if you had not thrust yourself into the affair you would have had nothing to :lay on your con science concerning it. I must, let me tell you, look on it as a piece of unwarrantable impertinence th come thus to my house, and be kindly treated, only to turn Judas against us." The word Judas seemed to hit the Fiiend a great blow. "A Judas !" "Yes! a Judas !" said the farmer, still striding about. "Yes ! a Judas ! a real Judas ?" exclaimed the wife. "Who could have thought it!' "Nay, nay;" said the old man. "I am no Judas. It is true that I forced myself into it; and if you pay the landlord an honest rent, why I don't knowv that it is any business of mine, at least, while you live." "That is all wewant," replied the farmer, his countenance changing, and again flinging himself by his wife's side on his knees by the bed. "Promise, us never to reveal it while we live, and we shall be quite satisfied. We have no children, and when we go, those may come to the old spot who will." "Promise me never to practice this trick again," said John Bashford. "We promise faithfully," rejoined both farmer and wife. "Then I promise, too, that not a whisper of what has passed here shall pass my lips during your lifetime." With warmest expression of thanks, the farmer and his wife withdrew, and John Bashford, havino cleared the chamber of its mystery, lay down and passed one of the sweetest nights he ever enjoyed. The farmer and his wife lived a good many years after this; but they both died before MIr. Bashford; and after their death he related to his friends the facts which are here detailed. He too, has passed years ago, to his longer night in the grave, and the clearing up of greater mysteries than that of the Haunted House of Charnwood Forest. 