PROTESTANT MISCONCEPTION OF CATHOLIC DOCTRINE. , {I7ie following; extracts are from Mr.. Ward's. ' Four Years Experience.') FOKMS OF PRAYER. - Here, too, 1 must add a word respecting that singular notion which Protestants en tertain with regard to the supposed Catholic rule, that we should- always pray in a set form of words, learnt by heart, or read from a book. That Catholics discountenance ex tempore public prayer in an assemblage of persons, except in peculiar circumstances, is ' roost true ; and the reasons why they do so will commend themselvffs r.n fivprv np.rsnn of common sense. But that the Catholic is taught to pray only in fixed forms of words in his closet, or even while he is joining in the public services of the Church, is as un mixed an untruth as ever proceeded from anti-Catholie prejudice. Every thing I ever read in a Catholic book, every thing I have ever heard since 1 became a Catholic,; unites in teaching a doctrine the very reverse of this common accusation. I never met with a spiritual treatise which did not expressly 1 declare, that in our secret devotions it is of the utmost importance never to check the free aspiiations of the soul to God by any rigid conformity to the forms we ordinarily use; that the best prayers are those which, we may trust, are inspired by tile Holy Ghost at the time we pray; and that we should have habitual recourse to set forms' only because the human mind is weak and ignorant^ and cannot at all times express it self fitly in its own phrases, or recollect all the details in which ife is right that it shou'd pray, and praise, and adore, and intercede. Written prayers are to the Catholic a kind of skeleton for his devotions. He is taught to clothe them, precisely as his own personal love and necessities require, with those pe \- titions, those phrases, tliose prolonged medi tations', or those arrbwlike ejaculations, which are the1 natural1 fruit 'of his own personal feel ings ;aiVd though^. The greatest masters in the spiritual iit'e, vhile they advise an k amount of prayer and meditation during the; day which few Protestants would not think outrageously excessive, at the same time furnish written prayers of the briefest possible character, rather subjects for prayer than ' actual devotions,, and modelled upon the » principle on which we may humbly conceive that our blessed Lord Himself modelled the prayer He taught us, when He said, ' Thus therefore shall you pray.' RELIGION OF THE HEART. , In immediate connexion with the power, of faith in the realities of the invisible uni verse, it will be natural to state the influence of Catholicism upon the general relationship of the heart towards its God and Saviour. And if I have found that the popular ideas of this influence are deficient in the points to which I have already alluded, still more radically false have I found them in all that pertains to the feelings of man towards his Maker. The common opinion of Catholicism is,, that its natural result is a sense of mingled slavery arid presumptuojisness ; that it ob scures the; essentially 'filial .relation of man redeemed to his almighty Lord ; that it makes religion consist in a sort of bargain between God and man, in which the former sells.and the latter purchases heaven by his good works ; that it substitutes superstitious dread for reverent fear, and self-trust for self-sacrifice and humility ; that it almost obliterates the perfectly gratuitous character of the gift of redemption : and that the very last thing which would enter into a Catholic's mind is to teach ; and .believe that love for ?God is ajHh-'al!; Ir -^ l;'! ' -? ;: j;i-;-'1; : '? '?'? ? In replying' tp this '; idea,! ^fir's^meet Jt simply .wii'h, a .diFe;ct. negative.;in , every one ofits parts. ,rl; speak. the opinion of myself and of every Catholic of whose opinions I have a.ny knowledge, when; 1 .assert; that the feeling of bondage., or slavery, does not enter for a ? moment into our habitual frame of mind. Strict and absolute as are our ideas of1 duty, of the' necessity of penance, of the value of suffering, they do not in the slightest conceivable measure interfere with that sense of our'- filial relation to our almighty and all holy God which lies at the very foundation of our spiritual life, and which pervades our every thought, word, and deed. If there is any one result of reconciliation to the Church which the. convert finds more striking than another, it is the sense of, reconciliation to God through the merits of Jesus Christ, and of the transcending greatness of His mercy towards us. ? W e know not what it is to be afraid of Almighty God ; we see nothing in Him which is not sweet, attractive, touching, and inviting, even to the most abominable of sinners. We fear Him, as every creature iriusf.' fear its Creator ; but we are uncon scious of any feeling of being driven from 'Bun, ...or of haying duties imposed upon us which it is impossible to perform. Our con fidence in Him is boundless; whatever our sins, whatever the enduring obstinacy of our own evil nature, we know that we only add to our guilt by keeping away from Him and by doubting His mercy. We have but one cause of dread, the knowledge of the deceit fulness of our own minds, and of die possi bility that, alter all our prayejs ami our ef forts, we may still be,cheating ourselves, and imagining that we love God, while in reality our hearts are estranged from Him: J'eace is so emphatically our possession, that^ con trasted with- what we perceive to bs the general condition of conscientious Protestants, I do not hesitate to say that no man knows, what peace with God really is until he enUrs the fold of the Catholic 'Church. INFLUENCE OF A BELIEF IN l'URG ATOK Y- The doctrine of the absolute 'necessity of doing penance for our sins., ihough foVgiven — of making satisfaction for them, after their eternal punishment has bee;n done away with through the atonement of Jesus Christ, either by sufferings in this life or in purgatory, is supposed to be incompatible with that deep sense of joy and happiness which the Bible tells us tnat Christians reap from their seuse, of reconciliation to God. And so it will naturally seem to tliose whose minds are not impressed as ours are with a sense of the awful nature of sin,, and of the btrietness of the divine law ; but nevertheless, theorise as people1 may, the knowledge thatall sin, though forgiven,, demands suffering as a satisfaction 'for ils guilt,, eiiher here or here after, does 7/oHnterfeie with the fulness of the Catholic's gladness'and peace, or for one moment cloud that sunshine which the hope of seeing, God in heaven produces in his soul. For myself, the longer I experience^ and the more calmly I examine into, the effects of the doctrine of satisfaction upon the peace ful serenity of the Christian heart, the more clearly do I perceive, the rcu-re thankfully do I acquiesce in, its perfect harmony with the boundlessness of that pardon which rthe death of Christ ;has procured for all men. And all Catholics say the same, thing. Ask them, if you doubt, my words, whether the knowledge that, purgatory awaits them if they die with one stain of sin remaining on their souls, embitter3 a, single hour of their lives, or calls forth a single murmur against the justice of God who demands, such a sa tisfaction at their hands?, . , . ? SATISFACTION-? - ; ? ;i ?^^i/' Again: this same doctrine of the value and necessity of suffering, as an expiation of sins which are yet at the same time forgiven, is supposed to foster a notion that man can atone for his own guilt towards God, and to be derogatory to the perfectness of that sacri-; fice which our blessed Lord offered up for us; oil the cross.1 As lam not engaged in ah ex-! position of what ' Catholic doctrines really] are, but in relating '*h'eir ' practical influences; upon theinind, I shall hot stay to show that they who bring this accusation are entirely ignorant -of? th'e'Hriie nature of the doctrines they cbnViernnivliut' rather call the reader's attention tothe matter of fact, which he may asceriain' for himself by making the inquiry of any Catholic Who attends to his religious duties'. '?' For myself, I can most truly allege, that whatever might have been my suspi cions of the tendency of the doctrine of satisfaction while I was still a Protestant, no one thought has ever crdssedrny mind -since Iwas'a Catholic which tended to disparage the infinite value of the atonement of the eternal Son of God ; nor has it ever entered my ? thoughts to esteem the sufferings of any creature whatsoever as of the slightest value, except, that which they received from thev- sufferings and merits of Jesus Christ. Candid Protestants suppose that an intelligent and religious Catholic preserves himself from fallin' into all kinds- of abominations by a perpetual balancing of one doctrine ag-iinst another, by watching the effect of each se parate dogma upon himself, and preventing it from' producing that pernicious result which they suppose that it wduM naturally work if Teft to'itselfv 'i hiis, they conceive that the' doctrines of' human sausf'action and Of tlis- perfectness' ibf- the atonement of our blessed Lord 'are ?naturally antagonistic to ohe; ahQther/and'- fclWt'Oathblicsan'e'in' per petuai peril' of sliding into a stafce of mind which dishonours ?the'1 mediation of Christ, and makes man ivis'dwn redeemer. ; The prac tical result, on the contrary,' shews that this fear is ;a mere illusion. ?? Kvery (Catholic who knows what ' the doetrines^bfi his Church really are, is literally unconscious of any such: antagonism in-his own bosom. I- can most solemnly protest, that so far from hav ing found my sense of the infinite1 value of the aforiemen't'bf Christ encroached upon by my belief in the doctriaes of satisfaction and penance,. I find that the very reverse is the case, bince I have become a Catholic, my conceptions of the boundlessness of the merits of our blessed Lord,, and the utter- nothing ness of all man's merit, except as communi cated from the merits of the sacrifice of the cross, have wonderfully enlarged and deepened, and become unceasingly habitual, -and have entered into my every thought, woik, and feeling, to such an extent, that the honour I formerly paid to the one atone ment of the Eternal Son was comparatively a divided homage and an ignorant faith. And -I am not speaking mere rhetorical words, or indulging in controversial exaggeration, when I add that, from all I, have learnt and observed since I became a Catholic, I am convinced that the only, persons in this country who truly realise the infinite value of the sacrifice of Calvary,, and who depend; upon that sacrifice alone /or evevy thing that they possess and every tiling they hope for, are the children of the Catholic Church. The incredulous Evangelical or Anglican may smile, and count this a mere effusion of angry declamation \\. hut, on the word of an honest man, I assure them, that could they ex perience for one single day what are tlie ha bitualthoughts^ feelings, prayers, and acts of a conscientious Catholic, they would admit the- truth of what I say,, when I repeat, that the ineffable perfections- and meritoriousness of the death of Jesus Christ, and the complete and never-ceasing natural helplessness and Worth lessness of man's works, are compre hended and accepted in the Koman Catholic Church alone., 