(&tclm;&$titiil Inuiligziue. ROME. The 25th, the day consecrated by the Church to the memory of the Passion, of our Redeemer, the Holy Father went in the morning to the Monas tery of Saints John arid Paul, chief house of the Congration of the Passionists, to proclaim there solemnly a decree acknowledging the validity of a miracle wrought through the intercession of the venerable Paul of the Cross, founder of that pious and holy institute, whose canonisation has been going on for a long while. The decree of having practised virtues iu a heroic degree was given in 1831\. The process upon his miracles was intro duced in 1827. The prescriptions of the Sacred required but two miracles. The first is confirmed . by the decree which has just been proclaimed. The investigation upon the second is going on, and the Holy Father, on the occasion of the proclamation of the first, has given formal orders to employ themselves about it with solicitude and the greatest activity. Everything, . therefore, makes us hope that the very interesting case will soon reach, its termination, and that the venerable servant of God can soon be declared Blessed. The Holy Father arrived m his carriage, escorted by a tolerably strong detachment of French and Romaa Dragoons. He had stopped at the Church of the Caravita, to adore there the Holy Sacrament, which, according to custom, was exposed there in the form of the ' Forty Hours,' on being received at the entrance of tha Retreat by the Reverend' I'. Superior and the assistants, he was introduced into the capitulatory hall, very richly decorated, and went to sit down upon tbe elegant throne which had been prepared for him. Around him took their seats his Eminence the Cardinal Chancellor, Dean of the Sacred College ; his Eminence Cardinal Lambruschini, Sub-dean, Prefect of the Con gregation of Rites and Postulant of the case ; the Secretary, and the other officials off the Congre gation ; as also the prelate of the Pontifical house hold. The Rev. F. Superior-Ceneral and the assistants of the Society, together with all the fathers, the scholastics, and the novices, remained kneeling in the midst of the hall, in an attitude of recollection and piety which moved every one. Around the hall, seated upon simple benches, we remarked with pleasure all the members of the Roman clergy, to the number of fifty, who were then making their spiritual exercises, conformably to the invitation which we had- occasion to mention in a former letter. At their head we saw with edification two princes of the Church, the Car dinals Piccolomini and Delia Genga ; Monsignor Lucciardi, Archbishop of Damas, Secretary of the Congregation of Bishops and Regulars ; Monsignor Tomasetti, substitute of the Congregation of the Council, and many other prelates. Finally, at the end of the hall, a multitude of pious Faithful were pressing /in, for the most part English converts and Frenchmen. After Monsignor Fatati, Secretary of the Sacred. 'If .Congregation of Rite3,*had read the decree in tlie \- ?I midst of a profound and solemn silence, the Rev. L'J F. Superior-General pronounced a discourse, the 1 sense of which. we believe we render exactly in the t following analysis. After having traced, in a few 1 words full of emotion, the life of the venerable 1 ] servant of God, the founder of the society of which 1 : lie ia, although unworthy, the Superior and Father ; \- & .ft»r hnvma1 said that in the Hnlv flVmrrli tiiio little society holds the last rank among' all, bnt ' ' that it yields to none in devotedness to the Holy See and affection for the sacred person of the suc cessor of St. Peter ; after' having thanked the Holy Father for the proof of the kindness and interest which he vouchsafed to grant them by coming into the midst of them, to honour the memory of their founder on the' day consecrated to the celebration of the Passion of our Saviour, and having besought him to continue to protect and bless the Congrega tion in tituted to honour ,and to cause to be ~ honoured that same Passion, as well as the cause. '? of their well-beloved father, he reminded' the ; Sovereign Pontiff that he also, after the example of 3 his Divine master, had known the sorrows of Calvary, and had had to suiter his rassion ; but that God had drawn his glory from these cruel trials, and that the whole world had surrounded with a still greater veneration and a more filial affection the Vicar of Jesus Christ, since he had become, by' suffering' more conformable to Him whose representative he is upon the earth ; that the Holy Church would be unceasingly persecuted, but that the gates of Hell would never prevail against her ; and on this occasion, 'making allusion to the religious situation of England, he reminded him that many children of the venerable Paul of the Cross there defended the doctrine and rights of the Roman Church, and that they were ready to suffer for the defence of truth all the trials which the spirit of intolerance and hatred might make them undergo, that their motto was to preach and to carry the cross of their Divine Master. The Holy Father replied, with the words and tone of the most fraternal benevolence, that the religious orders were the glory and support of the Church ; that they were its most sure and devoted strength ; that amongst all the religious com munities, that of the venerable Paul of the Cross was one of the most estimable by its zeal, its spirit of mortification and regularity, which made it the edification of the world ; that he was almost tempted to say that this congregation ought to be looked upon as the first of all, since it was destined to preach every where, by its discourses and by its examples, the most holy passion of our Redeemer, the foundation and pledge of our hopes and of our redemption ; that in the midst of the incessant attacks with which the Church was assailed, we ought neither to lose courage nor even to doubt of its safety; that we ought undoubtedly to redouble our- prayers, the efforts of our devotedness and of our zeal ; but that the Church had the promises of Him who has founded it, who had propagated it, who had always and everywhere defended and supported it, in all ages and in all places ; that she would always be persecuted, but that also she was assured of conquering and 'of triumphing always.— - Uuive s, . According to usage, the preachers appointed to , preach during Lent in the fifty- three parishes of Home, have been to the Vatican Jo receive their instructions and the benediction of St. Peter. Before entering into the Hall of the Throne, the cures and preachers, to the number of about one hundred persons, renewed their professions of faith at the hands of Monseigneur, the Vicegerent. , They were then admitted into fhe presence of the Supreme Pontiff, who pronounced these striking words, so characteristic of the sweet and gentle soul of Pius IX. ? . ' Yougo, my children, to execute the power of the Word, a privilege the greatest, the most magnificent, which, the Almighty has conferred upon man on the earth ; go, but according to the ,. , (lispositions'of those to whom you will address it, let your word be indulgent, gentle, and firm. Speak, therefore, voce leni, voce suavi, voce alia. You will encounter amongst your auditors two classes of persons ; those who unfortunately do not believe, and those who believe. Be full of in dulgence towards the former, towards those poor souls deprived of the consolations of that holy religioa of a God who had left us His sublime in structions as our rule of conduct, and whose death is the pledge of our immorta). hopes, direct their wandering steps towards the path of truth, attract them to it, but by a charitable and indulgent word, i)ooe lent. Amongst those who believe there are some who strive to make their words correspond . with their belief ; encourage these souls disposed to subjugate themselves to love God, and to suffer somewhat in order to please him ; speak to them with sweetness, voce suaii ; but there are those also who believe, but who would wish to escape from the holy practices of resignation and of patience ; there are amongst them those who are deaf because they do not wish to hear, and yiurmu ers who must be made to hear the loud and severe word of authority, voce olta. Tell them that it is the sins of all of us, theirs as well as .yours, my. dear children, and as well as mine, which draw down so many punishments upon the world ; let us reform, and harmony in society will result from the order which we shall have re ? established within ourselves. The Scrip. ure informs us of a great Saint, who spoke with a great authority — St. Stephen ; that authority he drew from a living faith and a profound charity. I pray God, the Father, to give you that living and life giving faith ? God the Son, the Eternal Word, to shed abroad in vour hearts a ray of His divine light ; God, the holy Ghost, to kindle in you the ilaines of heavenly cliarity.' 