AUSTRALASIAN BOARD OF MISSIONS. A OEXEitAL meeting of the members and friends of the Australasian Board of Missions was held on Monday evening, in the infant school-room, Castlercagh- street ; the Lord Bishop of Sydney in the chair. By seven o'clock the room was well tilled, the meeting being composed of a very large proportion of ladies. The Bishop of Sydney having opened the business of the meeting with prayer to Almighty God, called on the Rev. W. B. Clarke, one of the secretaries to the Society, to read the report. The following report was then read : Htl'OUT. The Committee of the Hoard of Missions, in meeting on this occasion the friends and supporters of this great movement in the Ohuich, have much satisfaction in presenting the follow ing report of their prociadings In accordance with the Hesolutlon adopted at the meeting held in October last for the establishment ot the Society, a respectful upplicntion was addressed to His Excellency the Governor, soliciting him to accept the office of Patron, to which a favourable reply n» received, expressing the consent of Sir Charles Uli Roy to comply with the request of the Committee the subjeit which ha» principally occupied the atten- tion of your Committee since their appointment, has been the purchase of a suitable rossel for the purposes Of the Mission, to which object they were authorised hy a resolution ot the General VIeUing holden on the '22nd November, l?5i), to devote a sum not exceeding one thousand pounds from the produce oí subscriptions and donations Their first proceeding was the appoint, ment of a Sub Committee consisting of the following gentlemen Captain P P King, li N , M C , J W Gosling, T W Smirt, C Kemp, M Metcalfe, and Ii Moore, with instructions to make enquiry fora vessel which should correspond in its qualities and price witli the terms appointed by the General Meeting, and in token of the confidence entertained in their experience and judgment, the Sub-Committee were further em powere I, in case» suitable vesBel should bo offered to them, to complete the purchase within the limit of ex- penditure fixed by the General Meeting The Sub Committee accordingly enterod willi much diligence upon their appointed task kiid several >easels were proposed which after careful surviy were found lo be for some reason unsuited to their purpose, and weie therefore necessarily declined The otter willah, ap" peared to combine tho principal recommendations was Unit of tho ' Border Muid, ' of 91 tons registered mea- surement, upon which, by Resolution of the Com mittee on the 10th of April it was directed that a lareful survey should be mude ty Mr Deloitte and Mr Corcoran, and that if their Report should be satisfactory, the purchase should be completed This condition having been complied with, and tho report furnished hy these gentlemen, hating cxpressod tbeir persuasion as to the. sea worthiness and other properties of the " Border Maid, ' the purchase has been completed for the sum of l.'i (it., which has been paid accordingly Ot this amount the funds of tho Sydney Diocesan board, have supplied lOOlt. as agreed ntthe previous General Meeting, and the remaining sum of ¿001 has been de- rived from the Funds of the Board in the diocese of Newcastle. At a Meeting of the Sydney Committee, held on the 7th instant, It was resohe 1 that in accordance with the Report an l recommendation of the Sub Committee, the Hoard authorise the right reverend the President to extcuieon its behalf au authority which shall «ccom pany tho bill of sale makiug a conveyance of the vessel at a free gift to the Lord Bishop of Nt\\\ Zealand and his successors, and one principal purpose iu oulhug the present General Meeting together is to obtain its approval of the expenditure of tho sum derlied from the Fund of this Hoard and ? f the presentation of the vessel thereby purchased to the Bishop ot New Zealand, for the servico of the mission Your Committee entertain a perfect confidence that their proceedings lu this matter will he cordially con. firmed by the subscribers , and the attendante of the liishop of Newcastle, ou the present occasion, will enable bis Lnrdship to express a similar concurrence, on behalf of his own diocese so far as concerns that por- tion of the funds whh li it has supplied ABUggostion was offerer', and favourably entertained, byyour Committee that the name of' the Uirdir Maid should be exchanged for that of " The Southern Cross, us more appropriate to the work of evangelism In which the vessel is to be employed It was, however, found on enquiry that there might be difficulties con nee ted with tbe alteration oi the name of an alrtndy registered vessel which must prohibit the immediate adoption of this proposal Your Committee neverthe less consider it worthy of communication to tile liisliops of New Zealand and Newcastle, who may Bnd means hy application to proper authority in England to overcome the technical or other objections which prevent the adoption at will of any name in lieu oi that under which the ress I has been already distinguished Your Committee are happy to report that the sub- scriptions promised have been punctually paid to tile treasurers with the exception of about Hd and tin \ express their conädent expectation and belief, that the parties thus in arrear will, without further del.y, complete the engagements they haye entered into with the Board To conclude thoir financial statement thuy may add that an expenditure ot 601. b is necessarily been Incurred, over and above the cost of purohase, in providing some additional stores, and making a few needful alterations and lui- pi ovements lu the Utting of the vessel previously to proceeding to sea. For this amoui.t the Right Reverend President has agreed to make provision for the present, trusting fur repayment to the collections for Missionary purposes to be made in the dioceses of Tasmania, Adelaide, and Melbourne. It is proposed also that the further subscriptions remitted from the respective Missioti Boirds of those portions of the Church should be appropriated towards tile expenses of navigation and the rtpairs ot the vessel, besides other attendant expenses. Your Committee are also gratified lu being enabled to report that a considerable sum has bein contributed in England, and placed lit the dlsposil of th» Bishop of New Zealand, in aid of the pious purpose undertaken by this Board, It is Htnoiig ttie moat grati. fjlng facts which it has been their duty to record, thut such a unanimity of feeling upon this great question should have been mauifested hy Churchmen on oppo- site sides ol the globe, without communication with each other. Such a spontaneous expression of earnest sen! for the extension of (he Redeemer's kingdom, and for bringing into his Church the utmost parts of the earth, which iu answer to his praters are gi»en to him for hi« possession, affords au instance and a proof of that agreement in heart and purpose for the promotion of the true faith, which is one of the surest marks of a vital energy residing in a Church and of the pre. seuce of that Spiiit from whom all holy desires, all good counsels, and all just woiks do proceed. Your Committee having humbly endeavoured to fulfil their appointed part in this, which is, the) trust, the work of God, have only to congratulate their fi tends, sup- porters, und brethren, upon the success with whUn, thus far, their endeavours have been attended, and to add their unfeigned prayer to Ulm who has vouchsafed to prosper their undertaking, that He will further it with his continual help, and finally give it the desired success, for the sake of his Blessed and Only Son. It would be improper to omit thut while this degree of altontion has been bestowed upon the eternal sul\a tlonof the heathen ¡ntl sliiii.nt» of the ndmds in the Pacific, the claims of our own unoriginal population have not been lost sight of. Your Committee are not unaware of the excessive, »nd in some respects peculiar, difficulties which surround this question : difficulties which in former years have battled the endeavours of earnest und reli- giously minded men who have attempted the conver- sion aud civiliz .tion of the native tribes of New South Wales. Nevertheless your Committee would not suffer previous disappointment to deter tliem trom the re- newal of an eflort to which they consider themselves solemnly pledged by the resolution of the Generil Meeting, and much more by the du j which, as Chris tWns, tiley are sensible Ihey owe, iu louimon with the whole Church, to attempt, if by any means, the be- nighted aborigines of the country which we hate occupied und now govern, may be awakened to a sense of their relation and responsibility to their Creator, to an acknowledgment of the bin ¡our, »nd toablessid hope of eternal life, the promise ot »hull is liri I out even fur their acceptance. On the 19th of March, on tho m it ion of the Rev. George King, it ».is resolved tbnt steps should be taken for the civile ilion and coniersmn of the aborigines of this diocese, mid that the Re\\. it. Allwood, the Rev. W. ¡i. Clarke, the He« George King, and the Rev. R. L. King, be appointed a Suh- Cuiiimiltce to enquire into and report upon the heit means of car- rying the above resolution into e fleet. The proceedings of tho Sub-Committee have been suspended until the return of the right reverend the P esldent from the visitation upon which he purposes (God willing) to pro- ceed in September to the districts on the Macqutne, Lachlan, and Murrumbidgee Rivers, and to other pnrts beyond the boundaries, «ud there to make diligent per sonal enquiry BO as to ascertain accurately the existing state and numbers of the ahorigiunl tribes, and the hopes which may reasonably bo entertained of leading tl.cm, under the Du lue guidance, to au acquaintance with the things which accompany salvation. Your Committee have also preferred a request to Hie Bishop ot the diocese, oxprtssive of their opinion thut much benefit would accrue to the funds of the Board of Missions I rom a general collection, to be inude through out the di ícese, after sermons to be preached in the several Churches, explaining the ohj-cta proposed hy the Soeiety, and earnestly recommending them to the consideration and suppoi t of »li faithful members of the Church accordingly. His Lurdsiup li is assented to the request ut the Committee, and is now ingaued in issuing a pastoral letter to the clcrgjmen throughout his dloeese, appointing Whitsunday, the Sth of June, 01 the earliest Sunday after which urcuius'auccs will admit of, for making the collections in question. Your Committee have also recorded their opinion that great benefit would mise from the occasional appointment of deputations to visit diQtrcut district» morder to establish District Committees, in connection with this Board, and to recommend the cuse ol the missions to as wide an extent ii» pi t siblo throughout the country. This recommendation will be fo ind contained in a coda of rules and regulations for the management of the afluirs of the Board, drawn up by a sub committee appointed for tb ii purpose, which code will be proposed for adoption mid confirmation by the present geneial meeting. Your Committee beg to report that the) hate ordered payineut of certain current and necessary eipeines for advertising and for other purposes connected with th> liU'lm ss ol the Board, amounting to . Tin y deem it right also to noli/y that, to complete the pay meut for the vessel and other charges there »ill rein tin in lependently of the 501 unpudsuuscriptious, a further deficiency of about the same amount foi the liquidation of which lu the first instance, and for the further pro- motion of the purposes of the Association thee earnestly appeal to their btethren and members of Hie Church of Eugland for further contributions. They make this appeal with assurance that it will be attended to according as every man has received the gift from God, who loveth a cheerful giver, ami will not forgi-t your work and labour oilove , who have ministered ami yet do minister to his Church in us etlorU tu go, as Ile commanded, into all the world and preach the Gospel to all nations ; yes 1 even to every creature. The Rev. Mr. Arxvv OOD, treasurer, read n statement of the accounts of the Society, show- ing abalance of £101 5s. ¿id. deficient. The Bibiior or SUJNEV had but lew obser- vations to detain them with, before he left the business before them in the hands of more eible and more eloquent speakers. They had hitherto been engaged in this great cause in the work ol preparation only. They had noav arrived at the time of action. The time had indeed come, when they, as fishers of men were called upon to launch out into the deep, and let down their nets for a draught. And he hoped tiley would have such a draught as avould show them that Christ's kingdom on earth avould be esta- blished in this remote end of the avorld. And if they should have such a draught as should disorder their tackling, oud break their net», he hoped there avould be spirit and faith enough in their hearts to find the means to repair the damage, and again to right their little vessel, and send their brethren engaged in this good aa'ork on their way rejoicing. This aa'ork avas a work of faith, hope, and cha- rity. It avas a avork of faith, because they undertook this aa-ork trusting in the blessed Redeemer, that through his blood and atone- ment those avho sat in darkness, and in the shadow of death, might be brought into the way of peace. It avas a avork of hope, for they looked forward to the promise made to them, " Ask me the heathen for an inheritance and I will give it to you." It avas a avork of cha- rity, for avhat could be more blessed than the effort to redeem millions of their fellow-crea- tures from the misery, the vice, and crime, avhich attended their present state of dark and saa-age heathenism, lie (the Bishop) therefore avas justified in recommending this avork to them as a avork of faith, hope, and charity, and the greatest of these was charity. At the last meeting, at avhich most of them now present avcre assembled in that room, a meeting held in behalf of the Cathedral, he had told them that the Cathedral avould bo chiefly, if not only useful, in so far as it avent, to increase the knowledge of the Church of Christ among the members of that Church, and to extend its influence throughout the world, lie said so then, and he said so noav, and in this avork, they as members of the Church, avould be shoaving their zeal, their faithfulness, their love to the Church, by dif- fusing its saving knoavledgc among the heathen nations of the earth This was their greot and imperative duty, this was their high and holy privilege. Ile avould noav relieve them from any further observations, concluding, hoavever, by urging them to join heartily and persc veringly in this great cause. It avas ti avork which could not be accomplished by any single individual, or by two or three. The aa-holc church must be united in the avork, and ea'cn then their efforts avould aa-ail nothing if not blessed avith the furtherance and assistance of the Almighty. To obtain this they must do more than bring their gifts -they must devote themselves to this cause sincerely and humbly, trusting in the mercy and goodness of God and the merits of the Redeemer, and imploring his aid with united, faithful, and fervent prayer. He noav called on the Speaker to move the first resolution. The hon. the Speaker of the Legislative Council (Dr. Nicholson) : After the circum- stantial and lucid detail of the position of the society avhich they had had laid before them in the Report, and after the appropriate observations of his Lordship it avould be unnecessary for him to trouble them avith many remarks. Feav amongst them had forgotten, or could forget, the meeting held in that room some feav months ago, at avhich this Society avas formed, and at which the avhole of the Bishops of these colonies attended. The striking remarks avhich were then made.by the right reverend prelate most actively en- gaged, ,ia missionary obseiwations in the Southern Seas had not been effaced from their minds, and they avould supply the place of ar- gument in support of the resolution he had to propose. That resolution avas as folloaa's : - That the Report now read be adopted ; nnd that this meeting, gratified by the intelligence conveyed therein, that a vessel has boen purchased for the service of the Mission, confirm» the purchase and expenditure; at the same time authorising the gift mid conveyance of the rossel to the Lord Bishop ol New Ze.ilauJ and his sue cpssors forthat service. Ile was quite sure this resolution avould be cordially assented to by every one present, and he avould, in moving it, only exhort them to continuo their exertions in this great and holy work. They must remember that the avork avas not done, it avas only just begun. They had undoubtedly provided one means of evan- j gelizing the natia-cs of the Polynesian islands. ' Much, noaar, avould depend upon the Bishops avho avero going forth on this enterprise, and if the efforts thus made averc to be rendered useful, they must support those Bishops avith their annual subscriptions. Ile avas not pre- viously made aaa'are of the honour that had been done him, in asking him to move this resolu- tion, and he avas not therefore prepared to make a speech, but he Was snre that cloque ice avas unnecessary in such a'cause as this. They were all earnest in the cause, and he could only join his aspirations to theirs, that success might bo achiea-ed by those high-minded Bishops -of their Church in avhose hands this good avork had been placed. With these obsera-ations he begged to move the resolution. The Venerable Archdeacon Coavi-iui hud great pleasure in seconding the resolution avhich had been moa'ed by the Honorable the Speaker. He had shoavn him a very good example in being very brief in his remarks, an' example avhich he aa'ould folloav as nearly as he could. But if he could give utterance to the feelings of his heart in this cause he should not-sit down in a feav minutes. They ought in the first place to be thankful for the success avhich had attended their efforts in the outset of their avork. They had intended to purchase a vessel for missionary purposes, and the vessel had been purchased. (Cheers.) After many disappointments they had at last suc- ceeded in finding a vessel suited to their avants, and they had raised money enough to buy it, and it avas noav their oavn. Tiley ought to congratulate each other on this success, and join in thanksgiving to Almighty God for this mercy vouchsafed unto them. The vessel avas now ready for sea, and avould start nlmost immediately avith the Bishop of Neavcastle, avho as-ould proceed to Noav Zealand, there to join his reverend brother in God, and in this good avork, the Bishop of that diocese and every member of Christ's Church here, avoubl be ready to say from his heart, "Godspeed them," " But some might yet ask, for avliut purpose avas this mission. It aa-as to bear the light of the Gospel to the heathens in the South Sea Islands, avho averc now sitting in darkness and in the shadoav of death, or to some of them avho might have heard of a Saviour, even Christ the Lord, but avho kneav him not. Their brethren in this avork might meet avith great difficulties, but they should find confidence in the success they had already achieved. They avere not to be deterred by difficulties'. This aa'iis a avork of faith, and of hope, nay, ho avould say it avas a avork of full assurance- for avho could doubt that the .blessing of God avould be upon it, and that he avould s nd the missionaries rejoicing on their avny. They ha'l then done a gooda\\-ork in procuring this vessel; but they must noav do more, they must send lier forth. They must provide her with all things needful for the holy enterprise in avhich they were engaged. It avas the pride, the de- light of the true Christian to join in this avork. A pride and delight, avhich none could kno .v save those oidy avho had felt and experienced the kindness of their Lord and Saviour. The true member of Christ's Church in gratitude for the unspeakable blessings bestoaved upon him cried aloud-what could he do to show his love of God, and to honour his name? And how could he do this better than by assisting his heathen brethren : By the resolution he had the honour to second-they freely ten- dered this vessel to the Lord Bishop of New Zealand. Yes, they gave it to him avith till their hearts, for they knew that in so doing they best consecrated it to the holy avork they had" undertaken and to the honour of God. Ile had already boen among the heathens in a frail barque preaching the avord of life and light to poor benighted souls. He had already planted the Gospel in the South Sea Islands ; he now came to ask them for a better vessel to finish the avork, and they avould cheerfully give him one. (Cheers.) In this a-essel he' avould go again among the tribes that averc cast aavay, and avould release them from the bonds of igno- rance and heathenism avith aa-hich they avere bound. In giving the Bishop of New Zealand this vessel they had done much, but they must not think they had done enough. In procuring this vessel they had taken one great step ; but they must do more. They must go to the throne of grace, and ask hoav they could do I- more. While thus making provision for the spiritual instruction of South Sea islander*, they must not forget the aborigines ol' their ] own laud. Poor creatures! there had been unkind conflicts between them and their civi- lized brethren, which had resultedin melancholy desolation, and it was not for him to say who i had been the aggressors in these conflicts. But some trial at least ought to be made to reclaim these children of the wild. Their vagrant habits indeed rendered it difficult for the Gospel to approach them; but their habits might perhaps be softened and subdued. After the visitation which under God's permission the Lord Bishop of Sydney intended to make in September next, they would have fuller in- formation respecting them, and then perhaps some plan would be adopted for reforming them, and he was sure they would cheerfully assist in carrying out any such plan. With regard to the resolution, he thought that the report should not only be adopted but printed He believed the people of Sydney were not so in- diffèrent to religious matters as was supposed by some. True they had been somewhat slack with regard to missionary operations, but a great city like Sydney could not have existed so long without having some feeling of love and hope for Christians all over the world, and particularly for those poor creatures who were close to their shores. Ile thought therefore it would bo well that the tidings of what they had done and what they hoped to do, should go forth through all the world, should reach the shores even of Old England itself, to proclaim that there were at least some here, who had the extension of Christ's kingdom on earth at heart. One thing moro he would urge upon them : when in the morning and in the evening they knelt down in prayer to Almighty God for his bless- ing and protection, and in thanksgiving for mercies bestowed upon them, let them have in remembrance the Bishops who had gone forth on this good work-let them add one prayer for their welfare and success-one deep and earnest prayer that they might fulfil the work of their Divine Master, and that prayer would be holy and acceptable in the sight of God. It might be that their little vessel would be riding on the broken crested waves, amid the storm and the tempest, but still they would bo safe, riding as it were in the palm of Jehovah's hand, and that hand would bear them up. Let them pray-pray earnestly-that in such an hour Providence might guide them to some island, where, amongst a savage people, they might spread the light of the Gospel, and convert the heathen from the error of his ways. Let them pray that they might be safely brought back here, to cheer them with intelli- gence of souls delivered from darkness by the glorious light of the Church of Christ esta- blished on new shores and amongst new na- tions. Such news would induce them to renew their efforts, to double their subscriptions. Those who had hitherto kept aloof from them would be anxious to join in the good work. They would say, this is a great and Christian enterprise ; let us, too, have a part in it. It would awake in all hearts a spirit of glorious emulation to do the Lord's work, and where the heart is aright the hand will do its work. But let them still remember, that the evil heart of man could only be turned aright .by the in- fluence of the Omnipotent God, and they must pray earnestly, faitlifully, and humbly, to be renewed by tlic saving strength of His grace. Let them pray for constancy and resolution to perform this duty to Christ Jesus, and the blessing of Almighty God would rest on this great and good and glorious missionary work. (Cheers.) The resolution waa then put, and passed unanimously. The Rev. Dr. JACKSON (Bishop Designate of Lyttelton) : The remarks of the Venerable Archdeacon had in some degree anticipated the resolution which he had the honour to propose, but they were remarks so pregnant with deep meaning and devout enthusiasm in their holy cause, that he could not but feel gratified that any observations he had to make had been so anticipated. The resolution which had been placed in his hands was as follows : - That this meeting earnestly implores tlia Divine blessing upnn tho mission now about to be commenced, committing the Bishop« of New Zealand and Newcastle, j and ali who are to sail with them, to tile protection lind > Providence of Almighty God, and prajing tint, after having m.tde successful exertions to bring many of the heathen to the fold of Christ, they may be safely restored io their respcative dloceies and stations. Li thinking over the resolution since he came into that meeting, his attention had been na- turally directed to the consideration of hoav they avere to remember these Bishops - hoav they averc to aid, and console, and support ¡ them avhile engaged in their arduous but holy ' enterprise. His venerable friend the Arch- deacon-venerable not alone from'his station in the Church-but a-cncrable from his hoary head- his long, sincere, and dea'out labours in the. avork of Christ - a avork avhich, in his time at least partook largely of the ! character of a missionary avork, had told them they must remember their mission- ary bishops in their prayers. Ile believed that all those he saav around him did each morning and ca'cning remember their Creator, and offer up prayers and thanksgivings to him, and in these devotions it avould be avell that the mis- sionaries should find a place. But there were other avays in avhich to remember these high minded Bishops in their prayers. Li an order of Christians-an order distinguished by its zeal, ' its faith, and its piety, it avas a custom, on I Easter day, to go into the sepulchres of those friends avho had departed from them, and thus I calling up their remembrance, to pray for I their eternal avelfare. Why should they not j adopt the same course avith regard to those pre- j lates avho had gone to preach the unsearchable riches of Christ among the heathens in the ¡ islands of the South Seas. When they entered the sanctuary on the Sabbath, avhy should not ' they pray together that God avould protect and deliver them, and crown their efforts with suc- cess : In this avay they avould realize more tan- gibly the power of prayer-prayers offered for the welfare and consolation of living saints, not for the dead to whom it could be of no use. Prayer for those indeed who were in some measure dead to them, being absent from them,. but were still living in the service of their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. But this was not the only way in which their prayers should ' be offerpd for those prelates. It had been fre- quently remarked that their holy and beloved Church was not sufficiently missionary in its character. The Church originally avas essen- tially a missionary Church, but sapped and un- dermined by the degrading and superstitious innovations and mummeries of Rome, it sank into a slavish quiescence till nearly every trace of the vigour of its early character became ob- literated. But when the reformed Church be- gan to breath a little from the struggle it had to go through to shake off these innovations, and to maintain her place in the world as a Church-so soon us peace was in her borders, she vindicated her original character. She again became I the Missionary Church she was of old. The Society- for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts was established, and for years that society had been disseminating the true word throughout the world. In a later day the Church Missionary Society avas established, and had been carried on with equal zeal and success, and thus had the Church of Christ, purified from the errors of Roman superstition, a'indicated her missionary character. But in one avay the Reformed Church had always ¡ been a Missionary Church. When the pious prelates of that Church met at Windsor, and I produced the Book of Common Prayer in the ' living language of the people avho avere to use i it, instead of a'eiling its precepts in a language I avhich had been dead for near a thousand years, they performed a great missionary aa'ork. The prayer on avhich that book avas founded the prayer taught to thom by the author of their religion, by Christ, the Saviour himself - avas in itself a great missionary prayer. When they prayed to their God in the silence of their chambers, they lifted up their heart and uttered the missionary aa*ords, " Thv kingdom come-thy avili be done on earth as it is in heaa'en." As soon as they entered the sanctuary-they averc told that the Lord Jesus Christ " desireth not the death rf { a sinner, but rather that he may turn from his , aa-ickedness and live." And then they knelt doaa-n to repeat again the missionary prayer,] "Thy kingdom come; thy avili bo "done on earth, as it is in heaven." An heretical Church theirs might be called, but it avas not a church that concealed the Word of God. Its members might read the Bible all through and judge for themseh'es aa-hat his laav demanded j of them. As the sera-ice proceeded they came ' j to the Apostles' Creed, and they joined in acknowledgement of the Almighty Creator oi heaven and earth-in the Redeemer of the world - and the Communion of the Holy Ghost And again they knelt down to offer up the missionary prayer to that one God, "Thy kingdom come ; thy will be done on earth, aj it is in heaven." The Liturgy proceeded-, they implored for mercy and forgiveness, fgr i deliverance from sin ond wickedness. They prayed for those in authority-for the Churck and for mercy on all men ; and again they lifted up their voices in the missionary prayer, " Thy kingdom come ; thy will be done on earth us it is in heaven ;" and wheo they approached the altar of God, in the com- munion of the holy elements, again that prayer rose up, "Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven." Were little children to bo brought into the church of Christ, and become members of his body and heirs of his salvation-the sacrament of Bap- tism is consummated by that devout missionary prayer, " Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven." Were two Christian people to be joined in wedlock, ¿at holy ceremony, of which he, a Christian Bishop was not ashamed, and which was the type of the union of the Church with Christ, again that missionary prayer ascended, " Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven." Or did they follow friends to their long last home, the grave waa open be- fore thom, but as they offered up the prayers which faith and hope inspired, the thought that the consolations of that faith and hope in the abiding place to which all were steering should belong to all, induced them agida to re- peat that solemn missionary prayer, "Thy kingdom come, thy will be done oa earth as it is in heaven. ' Now this prayer might have a specialty might be invested with a peculiar idea, and this idea he would en- deavour to realize and commend it to them in their remembrance of their brethren who were about to depart on this enterprise. Whether they were journeying across the wild waters, or standing on shores presumed to be inhos- pitable, to which they were to carry the bles- sing of civilization and commerce, but princi- pally of the light of Christianity, they would remember them when they lifted up their hearts to God in the words his son had taught thom, " Thy kingdom come, thy will be dons on earth as it is in heaven." To his reverend brother, now on the eve of his departure, he could give the sweet and consoling assurance that he and his right reverend colleague would bo remembered in the prayers of the Church of Christ. When they were on the wild ocean the thought of them would be hi the hearts, and their names on the lips, of many in the sanctuary. Whether that ocean were wreathed with smiles or lashed into storms, whetherthey stood amongst hostile savages, or humble proselytes, the prayers of the Church would follow them, breathing comfort, and hope, and consolation. May success attend their efforts in this hoiy cause-may they win over to Christ the dark bewildered savage, and may wreaths of glory be prepared for them who were engaged in the promotion of the kingdom of the Saviour. May stars shine out on their high and glorious enterprise, whose beams should settle as a diadem upon their heads-a sort of constellation, shedding its halo round the chosen servants of the Redeemer. Amid difficulties and dangers, in doubts and per- plexities, in their adversity and in their holy triumph, he could assure lus reverend brethren they should have their earnest and devoted prayers. They would endeavour to live thelife of righteousness to make their prayers availing; and so that those who now entered on this mission, so apostolic in its character, might bay with confidence in the words of the Apostle "Wo live if ve stand fast in the Lord." (Cheers.) Ho begged to move the resolu- tion. Captain KINO seconded the resolution. If he had intended to m«ke a speech, the elo- quence of preceding speakers would forbid him to do so. But he had not intended to do so, nor was there any occasion for it, for he was quite sure that the devoted spirit mani- fested by the right reverend prelates who were to be engaged iii this enterprise would com mend thom more powerfully to the prayers and affections of nil true members of the Church than anything he could say. The resolution was then put and passed unanimously. The BISHOP OF NEWCASTLE : After the kind- ness with which they had received the last resolution, he felt that it was incumbent upon litm to thank them for the promise they had made of prayer for himself and his dear brother in this work ; and so deeply did ho estimate the importance of prayer in their behalf, that he had consented to the wish expressed in his own diocese that he should bo prayed for publicly on each returning Sab- bath by the congregations of the Church. The private prayers of many Christians would be added to these, and he could assure them that it would be a source of great consolation and comfort to his right reverend brother and himself that their prayers were with them. Their prayers would be united with their alms, and, like those of the good Cornelius, they would go up as a memorial before God. The work they were engaged in was the work of God, and all who assisted in it would hava their reward. He believed that the very doing of this work conferred its own reward, and that reward had already been bestowed on both these dioceses for the part they liad taken ih this matter. His own diocese was but a poor one, but it had contributed cheerfully so fur as it could ; and to be engaged in a work like this-to make sacrifices in such a cause-to bo stimulated to prayer by such an object - was a sure way to bring down blessings from God. There would be in the performance of this duty an increase of Christian faith, a holier and purer love for religion. Mankind loved the thing for which they suffered, and in the self denial-the soul taught hope -of the cstablish mjiitofChrist'skingdomoiiearth.the spiritrose and asserted in greater power and fulness its connection with the Creator. In this diocese he had no doubt there had been many in- stances of self denial exhibited in this great cause, and in his own diocese he knew Of many that he was sure would bring down blessings not only on the individuals who had mide those sacrifices, but on the community amongst which they resided. He would venture to mention one or two instances of this kind. A clergyman's wife in his diocese was seriously ill ; when in the arms of death, as her parting 1 gacy, she entreated her husband to send £10 to this society, and her dying prayers were for the success of the mission. If this great work was thus the thought of the dying, as well as the living, must it not succeed ? if it was so holy as to fill the heart when the spirit was about to wing its way from earth, must it not shed hallowed influences on all who joined in its promotion? Another instance he might mention. About ten days ago ho held a meeting at a little school-room in a village in his diocese, and he there received from the master £2 2s" and odd halfpence, all collected from the halfpennies and pennies of tho children of the school in the space of four months. Could these habits of self-denial, united to a high and holy purpose, be in- stilled into children without effecting great moral and social good, besides endearing to them that religion for which they made these sacrifices r Another clergyman in his diocese told him that he had collected £5, nearly all of which was in penny contributions from the very poor among his parishioners. Could a work like this, enlisting the holiest and purest sympathies of their nature, go on without drawing down a blessing on the community. He would give them one other instance, which although it might appear light, he would wish to impress upon them, as exemplifying how much zeal and energy could do in any cause, even if they actuated, as in this case, only a little child. And he would ask if suc- cess in such a cause as _ this were not better to any man than all his sub- stance. The instance he had to relate wai of a little child, of nine years of age ; he was the son of poor parents, but the objects of this mission had been explained to him, and his enthusiasm had been aroused on behalf of it. This little child had established for himself a mission purse, and from this purso he had contributed a sum of between 15s. and 16s. to the fund. Let it be remarked, that when his sympathies were first enlisted he liad nothing-not one halfpenny ; but he had saved and worked to accomplish his end j his intel- lect had been aroused to its importance, and Ms energies Had been directed by the powcr&l; away of enthusiastic determination, relate to them tavo instances of the fi He avould relate to tnem lavo mauiuwa u* m« force of this determination. On one occasion he had been avcra' ¡rood boy at school, and his school- master to reward him for it, had given him a arire piece of cake. On his way home, nib bline at his cake, he met a bigger 1,0V whom he knew, who asked him.' for a piece of his cake. The little boy, mindful of the mission, asked him what he would give for it. The big boy said sixpence, avhen the little boy immediately cave him the avhole of his cake, and they °u»lit ],e sure that the sixpence went at once into his mission purse. He had reason to believe that the bigger boy did not mean to "ay the sixpence, but the clergyman of the village happened to hear of the circumstance and went to his parents ond insisted on its being paid. The same little boy avas offered two- pence to toke tavo kittens to his father in order that they might be made away avith. He took the tavopence and the kittens, but the thought struck him that the kittens might be made something of, and consequently he went all through the village, house by house, seeking a purchaser for his kittens, and at last he sold them for 3d. each, and thus 8d. was secured for his mission purse, and that 8d. avent to1 the purchase of the vessel they had bought. (Cheers.) He avould ask any parent present whether heaa-ould not wish some pure and high object of this sort to call forth the energies of his child in this manner ? If his child greav up to be a man did they not believe that his aims avould be virtuous and lofty, and that he would pursue them avith a zeal and energy which rendered their attainment certain r It was to a practical cultivation of religious habits and religious activity that they must look for the spread of religion in the avorld, and probably this child, after a life of useful- ness, would depart contented avith himself and trusting on his Redeemer to mingle .with the saints in heaven. This aa-as the spirit that was ca-inccd in his own diocese avith regard to this avork ; a spirt avhich, avhile it led indi t-iduals to a deeper sense of their duties to their God, a more practical understanding of the truths of their religion must, in the in- fluences it exercised, do good to the community at large. It avas a vérification of the Christian axiom, that " it aa'as better to give than to re- ceive," and he was sure that_ the alms and prayers bestoaved on this object could not go up to the tlirone of grace aaith out a special blessing. (Cheers.) They must remember, that avhile that a-essel was gliding through the avaves, it emblemed, as had been finely described by an old avriter, the Christian's course. In that vessel the ma- riners might labour unceasingly - they might have every sail set, every rope in its right place- but if the avind of Heaven did not bloav they could make no progress. And again, the most favourable avind might bloav, but if the mariners avould not work, if no sails averc set, and the ropes avere all in disorder, still they could make no progress. They should think, of this-they should remember that their oaa-n exertions aa-ere nought, avithont the saving grace of the Redeemer; but that that grace would only be i-ouchsafed them if they aa-orked out their own sala-otion avith fear and trem- bling. Tliey must remember, that for them sela-es they could do nothing ; but that their help aa-as in the Lord Jesus. What could he say in conclusion. He could assure the last speaker (Captain King) that his right reverend brother, the Bishop of Neav Zealand, had in- tended no joke aa-hen he spoko of the delight he should have experienced if the honorable gentleman avould have assumed the command of the a'esscl. It avould indeed have been to them a guarantee of safety, as avell as a de- lightful companionship. But the other duties of the honorable gentleman rendered this im- possible, and they must bear avith the depriva- tion of his company, aa-hich avould doubtless have been a very great nllea'iation of the perils and trials they avould have to undergo. What- ever blessings might attend the mission, and he hoped ho might return to tell them of them, ho would earnestly entreat of them not to relax their efforts in this holy cause. They must remember that they aa-ere not noav returning victorious from the conflict-but avere buckling on their armour for the contest. That it aa-as the rising sun that noav called them to labour, not the setting sun aa-hich summoned them to rest. Let them there- fore persevere in their efforts. Let them fulfil the promise mode in the resolution they had just passed and continue in prayer for himself and his companions. He asked them to do this aafith no selfish vieaa-s it must tend to the benefit of themselves. It avould aa-ean their thoughts from the a-anity of this poor avorld and fix them on those things avhich are unseen and eternal. In any case they avould be doing right, avhether the great Christian enterprise they avere noav entering upon avere predestined to success or doomed to failure. With regard to himself, he did not think in going forth he avas doin» more for his Lord and muster than the loavTicst minister in Ms diocese. That minister avould have to preach the Gospel to his flock-avould have to go abroad from cottage to cottage to visit the sick, and avould in these avocations be ns truly engaged in the Lord's work as those avho tra- versed the seas to coiwert the heathen, and to bear glad tidihgs of Christ Jesus to the unenlightened savages of Poly- nesia. He might come back avith some knoavledge of the subject, and he would then knoav whom amongst his clergy avas most fitted to be sent on this important mission. He might come back to tell them how the blessing of Almighty God had rested upon them-hoav he had ' listened to their rayers, hoav he had favoured their exertions. e trusted he should do so, and he felt good promise of such a result in the affectionate spirit aa-ith avhich the i\ solutions they had passed abounded. In return for this their kindness, ho could assure them that his right reverend brother and himself avould in all troubles and adversities, humbly pray that God's blessing might rest upon them, and he again assured them the promise they had given of continual prayer in their behalf avould be an exceeding comfort and encouragement to them under all difficulties. (Cheers. ) S Mr. CHAULES KEMI» said, that When he had the honour of moving a resolution at the meet uig at which the formation of the Society was determined upon, and at which all the bishops of tiie province were present, he ventured to express a hope, that when the distinguished persons by whom they were then surrounded were gone, nnd the excitement naturally caused by their presence had ceased, and the working of the Society was left to a few humble individuals, they would receive the continued support and assistance of their brethren. To a great extent that hope had been fulfilled, and he now had to move a reso- lution containing a similar sentiment : That tbis meeting engages to inter into renewed sabicnp ions for tim promotion of tbe Bonni of Mis- sions, end rejoices lo know Huit It is united In their ««oreti csuso with tho members of the Church of Kng uni and ireland in all thedioceies in the province of Auttrslsiu, They were aware that the Society had pledged itself to devote £1000 towards the purchase of a. mission vessel. It had been found, however, impossible to procure a suitable vessel tor less than £1200, and npplica rxT lm(1 keen made to the dioceses of Newcastle and Melbourne to give £100 each towards the purchase j from Melbourne there had not been time for an answer, but the uishop of Newcastle had brought up from the Uiurch Society ol' lus diocese the £200 that was required, so that whatever now might be sent from Melbourne would go towards tlie sailing expenses. The next funds that were subscribed would be devoted to an attempt to evangelize the natives, and for this purposo they did not want large donations, but con- tinuous yearly subscriptions, for the work thev were to undertake would bo a long and ardu- ous one. Tlie aborigines of the colonv have a peculiar claim upon us : they tire but few in number, and wo have taken possession of their lands. No doubt Vat iel and Pufleudorf show that the natives had not such nu actual individual possession of the soil as would prevent civilized man from makmg use of it ; but the natives are not likely to comprehend such an argu- ment ; all they know is, that sheep and cattle »replaced on the lands where their fathers «ave hunted for generations ; and if thev at WmPt to follow the customs of their ancestors and hunt for kangaroos there, thev arc driven .an and but too often treated vvith'erueltv and «verity. It appears to be consonant with the hw of Ol^Èf-that where only a fcwhuudrul savage« wahdmd, the land should be made to support hundreds of . thousands of civllizirl men, but surely it is a consequent duty to <_'u deaa'ont tu give lherrat¡a'ci>80uicr.onipt.>U2atÍG¡i; and aviiut can we give them for the material benefits wo deprive them of, equal in import- ance to a knowledge of salvation as taught in ?the .Gospel? It is a avork of difficulty-a work which may probably show no fruit for many years ; but that does not affect the duty aa-hich I devolves upon us. We must do aa-hat we can and leave the result with God. Although a comparatively large amount had been -raised .for the mission, and many other large sums had been recently raised for Church purposes, it would be seen that the list of persons con- tributing avas not very large ; but for the mission to the aborigines he hoped this would be different. They had sometimes heard of parties in the Church, and doubtless any party spirit in the Church avas to be depre- cated ; but there avas, nevertheless, one party he aa-ould like to see increased,-the party that is endeavouring to do the avork of the Church according to the rules of the Church. MJVCUAULKS Coaa-rER seconded the resolu- tion, avhich avas put and carried unanimously. Mr. RontntT JOHNSON read the rules and regulations of the Society, and moved that they be adopted as the rules for the govern- ment and direction of the Sydney Diocesan Board of Missions.-Carried. The Bisuoi". or SYDNEY then pronounced a benediction, and the meeting broke up. 