' LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. CITIZBN'S RETURN Pic-Nrc TO Mn. AND MRS. GEOROR HILL.-At n mooting convenoj nt tho Rojal llotol .on Monday afternoon Inst, it waa ¡resolved In duo acknowledgment of tho compliment recently paid to the citizens hy thoir choson Mayor and - his Indy, to give a return fete to Mr. and. Mrs. Hill. .Tho-,Vaucluse .grounds having boen courteously conceded hy thflir worthy proprietor for this very appropriate mark of respect, Thursday next was nppointed ns tho " auspicious day," whon wo doubt not to witness ns numerous and fashionable a muster as assembled to do honor to their Chief Magistrate elect on tho 13th instant. , . ROYAL AnBLPiii Cincus,-Since the se- cession of Afr. Uonry Burton and his highly trained stud from thia establishment, togethor with tho first Clown, nhd other of tho once ta- lented company, tho performances havo boon unusually attractive. During the intervals of "quarters of hours* necessary to enable, the few remaining steeds to recover strength and breath for their numerous re- appearances, the audience have an opportunity of feasting their eyes upon the magnificent gorgeousness of the Circus decorations, of which the painted calico, polished gas-pipes, and variegated saw-dust are not the least conspicuous. Sundry amateur Mr. Merrimans in tho pit and gallery consider- ately extend their gratuitous services, nnd tho babbagc-treo witticisms of the little " unwashed" elicit roars of laughter from the check-takers and other official servants of the eexhibition. Wo hoartily congratulate tho enterprising and politio proprietor on his successful exertions in reducing the expenses of his " show." SANITARY REFORM. - Amongst the recommendations of tho. Water Committee, to bo submitted to tho consideration of tho City Council, ls ono by Dr. Tierney to tho effeot that every householder shall bo compelled to furnish himsolr with a stomach-/>ttm/>. Tho Doctor took occasion to hint that ho expeotod n largo consignment nf those vnluablo nrtlolos by an early ship. Who would ho without one Î asks tho Doctor. For our own part we must say that wo would much prefer hoing without one, to having one within us. ICELY v. LAÑO."-The determination.of ttie complainant-to prosecute his rorereml de- famer, to tho, uttormont. may ho gathered from tho fact of his having retained tho three follow- ing counsel, most learned in tho law.-Messrs. Fostor, Broadhurst, and Darvall. It has been rumoured that tho Doctor will borrow tho silk gown and wig, time-back prnparod iri anticipa- tion of "a call" hy Mr. Attorney'J eames, and defend himself. Tho old ndngo of " tho man who defends himself has a fool for his client" will not, however, in this case apply so well ns tho other equally venerable ono of " more knave than fool.'' -. . j PHYSICAL OIIANOES.- Dr. Tierney', hnvina discharged his " tiger'* in consequence of tho late melancholy separation of-tho shafts from tho body of his " ono-'oss-shay," is, we aro informed, in treaty for tho celebrated ani- mal nt present in th s service of Messrs. Beau- mont and Waller at flotany. Tho' Doctor's motive for aspiring to a real Benjnl is an econo- mical one, which tho Into extraordinary dearth of post mortem* his rendered an indispensable consideration'in all his ' professional arrange- ments. The " tiger" in question being already possessed of a striped suit, warranted to wear a life-time without washing; is the motivo ac- tuating tho "Great Medicine'' in his prosent application. ' ¿'; -"""; . ARTisTiOAL,CbN.'-Why are tho col- lection of paintings and ongrivihgs on view nt tho London; Tavern, thc best executed of any ever exhibited in tho colony P Because they are all- wollfc7tim./. ? . [Tho rattle is appointed to como off on thc 3rd proximo.] ' A VHRY PROPER DISCLAIMER.-Tn Wed-' nesday's Herald, Mr. Edward Flood,' with the considerate promptitude which over distinguishes him, took occasion to set the public right ns to his non-ownorship of the cluster of filthy human hives known as " Flood's Lane," running at a right angle from Sussex-street. This anti diluvian repudiation places Mr. Flood on a' cleaner footing.than lie has been for a long timo, and wc 'are glad to bc in a position to corrobo- rate Iiis statement by the announcement that tho bettor portion of his " property" is located on tho Strawu'errry Hills. ANOTHER CHOLERA. - The board of health, feelingly alive to the importance attached to the case of Reardon last week, hastily sum- moned an " urgent" board of hoalth, at which Mr. Alderman Kingfisher presided, to " enqniro into a new case,-whether a certain momher of tho board of health (on a day in tho preceding week) had. or lind not, been attacked suddenly by cholera of tho most malignant-kind ?" Con- trary to the usual prandial post mortem courso in such matters, nu in diem ono oj!tho patient was chirurgical, by Messrs.'Dra.. ¡yackellar and Nelson. The pa-shicnt was found to havo suf- fered most excruciatingly from'nn unusual dila- tion of tho congestivo organs, accompanied by a most extensive protnisiqrfrand debility pf tho .vascular mern-" hrains.J'-:' No "collapse" being anticipated, thc prolapse was allowed to take its natural course . It .appeared in evidence, how- ever, and from conclusions arrived at by tho two medical qualified practitioners, that this was an 'unusual case bf " obtuto collo trahero" of " neck abd nock," or " collar a- frangore a smashers ;'' but.whether tho collum would have terminated in a " milum nccidit"' or ". veno no ccssit,*' they had no means of nscertainingipr' of advising, more than that powerful " disin- fecting agents" should be immediately rubbed into all parts of the patient, and tho whole pre- mises bo regularly syringed with chlorido of lime. It further carno 'out also that the patient, when ejected from his vchiculum, unfortunately tell nppormnst downwards, which had nearly caused a neck cr " nothing'' accident. Dr. Nelson graphically doscribed tho concussion like tho combustion of a bomb from the flag-ship at tho hattlo of Trafalgar. Tho personal attend- ance of the patient was excused in consequence of Waddle hoing out that "day. Twaddle and ho together, on tho footway, might have rondorod oithcr liable to an unpleasant information by the police for obstructing the public way. A cu- rious finale of-this enquiry took place in tho following funny-colloquy :- " " Chairman-"You consider, I suppose. Doctor, that it is nn accident you had.no hand in ? Doctor-Certainly. I yield tho palmam ferat to my friend the patient, and take tho rneruit to mysolf. ? Tho Chairman meant to say a good tiling hore-hut " forgot it." Ile made, however, tho following stanza on tho sailor Thomas, who was.identified six days after in tho water (Advocate says .. tn liquor .'"J Its nil as one philosophy, 'Twixt a tear and Tonr-nlgh : For Thomas, with his look of Horror, Completes tho mutual job-" to-morrow .'*' And herc tho matter died n natural death. OCR UWX Bor. CONSTABULARY RESPONSIBILITIES.-In a recent iSsuo of Hell's Life in Sydney, in a pa- ragraph headed " Hopo Doforred,'' was an- nounced thc departure per steamer of Mr. John D.ivies and family for Launceston, whoro we doubt not that versatile gontlorann will, by tho aid of tho numerous testimonials of goneral character, honesty, and ability, (God save tho mark !) obtained from Several gentlemen of tho' Bathurst Bondi (! !) contriro to worm himself into employment. ' Tho editor ventures to express a hopo that ho or his claims, wo for- get which, will bo romombored amongst those of Mr. TDavics's. rathor numerous and enquiring friends. If it bo" any consolation to our brother -him that tho ox-chief constable of Bathurst lins an excellent memory, nnd could in one sitting relato ns mnny of his own sharp doings as would fill hi < sheet. _ The fact is that this gon t'eman who. according to his own showing, figurod in tho multifarious capaoitios of .surgeon to an omigrant ship, reporter to tho MofassUite Indian paper, ' editor'of tho Port Phillip Pa- triot, chief constáblo of Penrith, Wellington, and Bathurst, and principal lom comedian to tho Molhntirno theatre, may well bo moro than a match foi* ordinary people. Ho lins imperso- nated a grout variety of characters during his stay in Bathurst, hut nono so naturally as that of Jorciny Diddler, and. whilst appearing in that part, ho contrivod to bestow numerous fa- vors in thc shnpo of mementos to his patrons ; but (black Ingratitude!) soma half dozen of thom appeared In tho shape of suitors at tho lato Court of Bequests for trifles too insignificant to mention, when vordicts for tho following plain- tiffs wero obtained i- - Mr. Han*nrd...£lO .'O' ,0 for painting, Ac. Mr. M'Intosh..» . C ,0 0 for professional sorv. Mr. Lethbridge 3 0 10 for stores Mr. Mahor.... " 3 IO 0 for pioturo frames Mr. Ashe. 1 18 .3 tor goods Mr. Powoll......' . 1 1 0 for labour. From the above lt'will bo' perceived that tho clever adroitness of tho ox- chief constable, low comedian and editor, was'In nothing so beauti- fully shown ns ia inspiring his patrons with un- limited confidence.-'Zf.jiAti'-if Free Press, Feb. 1Ä.;< >? ?>,y&¿,&r;^i'ÍL\' ? "'?. . : '.;->..... ^v::r. '? '""' ;- ' ? ' ? . . AsTR0N0MiCAi.tP.ROBi.RMS. - Given the '.' lunar" ¿ind -tho V* observation" made by Mr. Samuel iTerry. Hughes, tho defendant in the Great Cause. -AP hvny v. Hughes, to tho com- plainant on hts application to tho former for "cash down," so. humorously desorlbod nnd il- lustrated to their Honors tho Judgos by ono of complainant's counsel, Mr. ' Fostor," In tho Su- premo Court on Wenssdny--gi von, wo say, tho aforosaid . " lunar,!' and ? " observation," to find whother M'Rvoy was «. moon-struck" or thunder-struck" at this orratlo repulsory move- ment of tho Infant' phenomenon f Secondly When_ thesb two hodios of tho plan'tory svstom wero in conjunction, whethgr Mao lind drawn his bolt tight onough round tho minor luminary J Thirdly-Whothor tho ecoontrlo orbits of tho twain may bo traced In tho Cep/ier-iiioan Sys- tem ? Fourthly- Whether tho rocont eclipso of tho Son may not foro-shadow tho *. coming event Î " N. B.-" Look(o) on tho Understand- ing'* may afford a ICoy to tho abovo. . NRW .WORK.-In the" " Press" anti will shortly bo published, a now work entitled Thoughts on Prison Discipline," by tho Rev. John Dun Brown Lang, D.D., M.L.C., senior Minister of tho Scotch Church, and President of tho Australian College, Dedicated by permission .to tho Right Honorable Earl Groy. ? . of tho quill to be romemborcd, I COURT OF REQUESTS -PRACTI. i TSOWERS-It i» timp'yùiâtr^mBirMnwxva wore introduced for tlie 'purpose jot reforming tlie practices of some of those worthies., lt tn trim that a good stock bf assurance, /.^. .ÍM/IIIÍ/Í;,,?,., » will sometimes carrya man further"than even n stock of money, will, or learning ; but it wou'd ho impossible, unless wo could produco the bra- zen head of Frinr Bacon, to produce n typical personification of tho bra's assurance and im- pertinence which thc agents in the Court of Requests practice to the suitors, witnesses, and other peiwons attending tho Court : even tho Commissioner does not escape. Confidence, ¡t is true, may bo necessary in a person practising as an advocate even in the " little go," hut i» likewise appears from what wo have seen th it " cheek "* is indispensable. TH B sittings of tho Supreme Central Criminal Court commence on Mon lay next. WlTTYE S\YYNGBS OFFK CuUNCYLLORS. -What are the indications of" intellectual su- periority" between myso'f and my brother Aldermen, nsked Fisher of Councillor Thornton, when reclining rm the soft cushions of the " Bull- ring" on last Quarter day. " Great hoad and little wit.'* was the reply of tho " smart nnd tart" little Councillor. No, responded the Al- derman, gueBS again. D'ye givo it up ? .. Tho b'pger the head tho greater the genius," was tho quick rejoinder of the . Custom House boy,'. " ns tho mushroom said to .the cucumber, nnd to bare a head ns big as a bakéVa. biiskot, or tho bostlo of thc Lady Mayoress is perfection.*' If you say ono word about tlfe Lady Mayoress I'll \--. We did. not catch tho remainder, but tho Alderman's dander was up-Organum ' "bolheratad sivt nmbirnm .rationum mistura fortuita effervescent bullas gin'gens, was tho classical reply of tho Councillor. : TH« ALDERMAN'S BRAZEN LECTURK. Tho following extracts from Alderman Fisher's lecture on political and finance economy, dc literod-.beforo a select committeo of tho "City Council, will bo read with interest by-all tho members of that most-intelligent'body :-" Be assured, gentlemen,: that thoro is nothing like brass ; it enables a .man to put his best leg for- ward, and á good ince upon anything.' iirait .is'tho'true'philosopher** stone, which turns nil Itc truchos into tia By it tho insignificant makes himself important, the .empiric be- comes a professor, tho smatteror a proficient, and tho mountebank (present company always excepted), a philosopher. Well 'sustainbd as- sumption, with a very small amount of gumption, is alone requisite in commerce,- trade, politics, or religion .(hear,. hoar, nnd. cheers.) I say, gentlemen, that debt (i.e. borrowing money) ii the only thing wh'ch can make tho pendulum of the City Council clock ' go upon tick." It is the true foundation . of financinl economy nnd of social faith or trust-I have always found it so, ' Tick' is tho basis of tho wealth nnd hap- piness of our Corporate Body ': it'makes our seats in Council the envy not only of our fellow citizens. but of tho ;whoIe world, especially of tho surrounding colonies. , Tft be in delft argues credit, and credit- respectability, respectability means, nnd means' resalvo 'themselves, into /andr. Our wealth,.' that is the Corporation woalth, moves in' a circle continually, making tho .round O from owe (nothing) to O (nothing). ' Disperse, ye multitude !'," ?. At the conclusion of tho lecture thrco cheers were given for the Alderman ; nnd the Select Committee,.accom- panied by tho lecturer, adjourned to Wilkie'*, 'whore lie stood nobblers all round. NEW? .MAGISTRATES.'-- Tlí'e Right WorjliipfiU-tbc Mandamus Mayor has forwarded .tho names-glV the undermentioned gentlemen to Slr Charles'jf'itz Roy, requesting his F.xct-llenoy would placo, them in tho commission of tho peace, to which it is oxpoctcd tho Governor will bo graciously pleased to nccedo Councillors. Henry Thomas, Georgo Paton,- Gregory Doard. and Richard Driver, Esquires. Their commissions will boar dato " ttl.: first day o'. April," IS.")!, on which day they wilt tnke;thù usual oaths. Tho following gentlemen will also bo gazetted " Justices of Quorum," but b¥inj> already in the commission of tho peace it will be unnecessary to insert their names in the nevi list of magistrates, which will be published os tho separation of Port Phillip-John Brown, Esq., Alderman and Collar Maker: Henry Fisher, Esq., Alderman and Vegetable Mer- chant ; Edward Flood, Esq., (commonly called " My Lord Flood ") City Councillor nnd Shin- gler! They will enter bn tho duties of ofilao I on tho " Fifth of November," ISSI. A STREET WHISPER.-. " Alderman Fisher is1 looking very ill," observed Charley Kelly to Long Scrutton tho other day. " Well, there's nothing wonderful in that," replied tho Long'un, '1 people generally look queer after making their wills," WANTON CRUELTY. - Some evil minded people have boen spreading "a report that Councillor Thomas is much nniioyed by a female ghost appearing to him in particular pinces, Tho Councillor denies this, and declares it ii nothing but an Oakes (hoax), and not a ghost m nil. FASHIONABLE DEPARTURE. - Al dorman Allon, Esq., M.I. G., in tho brig Emma for Tlobart Town. The Aldormnn has had en- trusted to his care ono of tho Petitions to tho . Quoen praying for tho pardon of the Irish exile«. No doubt ho will succeed in obtaining an im- mense nnmber of signatures. INGRATITUDE.-A certain member of tito City Council whoso relatirc departed thii j lifo during tho weok, actually gavo tho funeral i to Mr. Curtis, notwithstanding tho very groat I torms of intimacy Councillor Thomas Imagined I ho wns on with his brother solon. I A NECESSARY HINT.-The. amateur gontlenian who practises twenty-four hours dally on tho violin, at the verandah cottage, corner ol Castlereagh and Park-streets, is respectfully re- minded by his neighbours that he is not n Paga- nini, nor ia his fiddle a Cremona. His constant cat-gnt scraping must bo so Injurious to himself I that it is to bn hoped, unless he wishes to commit I suicide, that ho will take a strong dose of opium in order,to procuro nt least seven hours a day's rost. As for tho dwellers in the vicinity, their condition ta awful, His.ear-tortnrersand stomach rumblcra have nftlioted'thom so much with colic that they nro actually getting choler- lo ; and, in tho present stato of things, that is really na joko. Can ho not play a conni ry-dance occa- sionally ? No matter how long may bo the time, no one will object tb it, unless indeed the gum- trees and stringy-barks should find out bois not an Orpheus. ^ , A LICENSING.-*The Quarterly ftleetio? for tho transfer of publie licenses and grantln; now lieenses will be held on the 4 th of March. Applications for transfer must bo lodged with tim Chief Clerk of Police, at least ont week before, tho day of meeting.\\. . . SLAUGHTER-HOUSES.-POR^PHILLIP. His Excellency the Governor, has appointed Mr. Thomas Adamson, Chief'Constable, Portland, to bo Inspector of Slaughter-houses, and of catii* intended tobo slaughtered, in the Police district of Portland. DENOMINATIONAL SCHOOL BOARD. PORT PHILUP.-His Excellency tho Governor has appointed John Sullivan, Esq., h f.D., to be a Member of the Board for tho temporal regu- lation nnd Inspootlon of tho rospostive Denomi- national Schools, In the dlstrlot of Port Phillip, supported wholly or in part from publlo fund». In tho roora of Edmund Westby, Esq., resigned. ACCEPTED TKNDBR.-The tender of Mr. Aloxander Drown, junior, has been noceptod fer supplying coals for tho Colonial Publlo Service in Sydney.. . . A WORD * op COMFORT.-In the event of a subscription being Invited (as usual) to de- fray tho logal exponsos of the - Extremely Reve- rend Doctor hang on his trial for libel, we ques- tion not but thnt tho cheese-mongers will freely oontrlbuto tholr mitts towards'such a (nicely proposod arrangement. A ' SPLENDID OPPÖRTI'NITY.-On view for a few days nt tho Parkeionnery Repository. Hunter-street, Timme COOK-HORSBS, suitable for a Royal Circus. They will, If rrqulrrd, bs re-tallrd to suit purchasers. Mr. Mal com's liberal, offrr ls reluctantly declined, th» proprietor having anothrr »pee In his eve, which «very one Ihnilg lil had had dust enough thrown Into lt before. ' v .: . : NEWS AND "HUMOURS.-RA map of tlic colony, from South Australia to.Pbrt Cartis, hi jmt boen Issued from tbo ofllco'oftho Surveyor; General. Tt contains tho l*t«*t divisions. to< .ether with tho boundaries of tho now countlei and tho squatting districts, and will thoroforc bc found most useful to nil connected with tho in- terior, ft >* a work which lins long boon nine! needed. Its fidelity may bo fully relied upon ._Jfr. John Terry. TJnghes was committed tc take h's trial for fraudulent insolvency. II< fra» admitted to bail, himself in £S0, and tn-c sureties in £10" each.-Tho police nro vcrj properly waging a rigid war .against tho owners itt straying goats ; nearly a dozen proprietors o¡ thc wandering Billies and Nancies hare beer {¡ned during the week. His ITonor the Chiel Justice, on his return from the Circuit, intends, as usual, to prevent Capricorn-nl nibblings on the verdure of Hyde T*nrk.--Scvorat persons were taken into custody for stowing away in thc American ship. Brutus, bound for Cnhfomia, their names not appearing in the clearance lirt. Whon introduced to tho Water Police-office, Mr. Nichols kindly rominded them that under thc 123rd section of 13 and li Vic. cap. 93, each of them was liable to be fined £20, or to be im- prisoned for fonr weeks, with or without hard labor, "at tho discretion of tho Court.--An inquest was held on . Wednesday, at tho Lord Nelson Hotel, Millar's Point, on tho body ol John Frederick Kciseer, aged 40, who dbstroyod himself by cutting his thront with a razor on the previous night.The jury fonnd thnt the .deceased put a period to his existence whilo laboring under temporary insanity.-'?-An in qnest was hold on Thursday, nt tho Three Tuns Tavern. King-street, on the body of John Bren, an, nged SO. who fell from tho first story of Mr. Campbell's store; .Circular Quay, on Thursday. Verdict, died from injuries accidentally rocoivetf i A DOWNEY COVE V. SYDNEY COVE. ilse only disaster reported 'tb û' as having oc- curred at the Into Pic-nic is tho immersion of a .entlomnn who had retired from - tho glittering throng to woo tho sea-brcczo to his heated brow, and who, while indulging in tho pleasing occu- pation of building castles in tho air, upon a rock which overhung the ocean"," suddenly^pitchcd head over heels into tlie . briny element. To regain terra firma was the work bf a moment, bat to restore his nçw white ventilating " gos- samer,'* and celestial " frock " to their pristine splendour, was .riot so" easily to. be effected. Having, however, wrung his apparel tolerably Irv - his feelings ' being already sufficiently frung-ho contrived to secure a snug berth in ho engine-room of tho Thistle steamer, and rom thence, half-warmed through on the vus iel'8 arrival nt tho Wharf, ho wended homeward MS disconsolate way. Such was tho melancholy termination to all his plans of enjoyment ; and though daily in tho habit of designina for others, ho never designs a second pic-hie trip by water, for himself. - t "CRKDAT JUDY-US." - Where .is the long promised. " weekly " whoso forthcoming ¡ku been so flourishingly-trumpeted forth under lie Punchical designation bf ." Judy's Journal Î" [Poes echo-answer " where V or must wo look for t reply "amongst tho " wares" in tho Huntor itroet automaton depot Î ¡' PRETTY NEAR TUB MARK.-There is nn »TA saying thnt " no ono ever saw a dead don- key or a dead post-boy ;" but we can vouoh for -tho existence wo woro almost ,going to sny the fact of à "dead Courier'' having recently turned up in this city. For tho authenticity of titi» statement wo have permission to refer to tho Society of Licensed Victuallers, whoso secre- tary will bo hnppy to give a certificate to tho ¡fleet-not effects of tho deceased, who. being nf Welch extraction* was so much addicted to 'ttl: as barely to contrivoto keep his head «hove water during his short journey .through life. - ; JOHN BARNET'S LAST.-*' Sir," said thc landlord of tim Barley-mow. " ynu have broken ssc of my windows; wbn are you ?'" "Ima lue and accepted Mason," was the reply. " Oh ! ihn," rejoined John," 1 forgive you, for you mly acted on the square." '.Coy.-Who is tho deadest nail in tho. City Jouncil ? Mr. Undertaker Thomas, of course. ' CRUKI. INTERROGATORS-A correspon- dit asks-when Parkf>)i will be " laid om" n the new Empire ? We cnn only reply that ?wy portion of the Empire is sufficiently green lo warrant il being done immediately. But a horrid thought strikes us-could our corres- pondent intend a more deadly signification to »ht term " laid out ?" If so, we answer-pro- bably on the arrival of the cholera, of which the ?hipping reporter who first (k)New all about its qinfarance in California will, af course, give lut noticp. In the event of such fatal termina- tion to his reign befalling the Emperor, doubl- on not fewer, than sixteen column» will be «:<dto his- memory. We must say, however, JiU ll is the height of cruelty to .' toy " with the .flings of so illustrious nn Individual as the ' Emperor of «ll the . RUSSIANS."' His Ma fity's Privy Council sits dally at present NDoan-in(g) Hunter-street, for? the purpose cf ff-ilressi ig dolls'and other nuisances. A VERY HUMBLE PETITION.-We, the wy-bodies attached to, or attendant on, the 'olice-ofiice in a business way, that ts to say (sgistratps, Deposition * Clerks, Police, AUOT »ys. Witnesses and Reporters, beg most pub itly to avow that we acknowledge Mr. James ihrtin, (lineal descendant of Mr. My-eye and Hr«. Elisabeth Martin,) to be the concentrated strnee of all the lawyers who ever lived, and [trater far than all the politicians who never wminttred tho misfortune of being born ; but »kile doing so, we beg "'bat' humbly to pray, tnt so brilliant. a luminary and polite a man, .111 not keep us kicking our heels awaiting hts raming, by appointment, more than sis hours, it lie can possibly help it. We are anxious only lo earn our " bread and cheese." and are willing in forego the luxury of tasting Mr. Martins* 1fritters" of time. NEW FURRY.-The crossing of the lifer Clarence, botween tho. towns of North nil South Grafton, has been appointed by His Excellency, tho Governor, to bo n place at which a Ferry shall bo established, and nt which STolls shall bo collected. . {.Among the many ingenious contrivances »Vieh are at present Exciting atbntion at tho piirof the American Institute in New York ts int to supply thc place of an amputated leg. It htomposrd of solid willow wood and steel springs, »iib a due regard to the laws of anatomy, every Mat in Hie natural Irg being copied with a oinutencM and nicety deserving of much praise, fbe Post says that it is impossible, when attached lo the body, to discover any difference between it md the natural limb. The followlog instance is given of a chaos »f figures employed by a lawyer at B&ltlmiire; i " This nun, gentlemen of the jury, walks into outt like a motionless statue, with th« cloak of irpocrisy in his mouth, and is attempting to ww three large oak trees out bf my client's wist." ? 