ORIGINAL POETRY. LIVE AND LET LIVE. Live nnd let live-how oft these words Within mine ear have sounded been ; But never yet, in all my life, A thorough honestman I've seen : Talk not to me of faithful hearts. Or friendship's pure and sacred flame ; Who ever saw an upright man ? And what is friendship but a name ? Live and let live ; it may be well To preach this doctrine unto fools ; A truly philanthropic soul Is seldom found in modern schools : They'll smile, and with their flatt'ring tongues, Like serpents twine about the heart, Then sting you, when they know you're safe ; And thus they act a treach'rous part. Look ye into the world of life, Search deep, and you will plainly see, That man to man deceitful is, And all his friendship's mockery : And yet, how oft, beneath the cloak E'en of religion, they'll profess To love you fervently, although Your last shilling-they would possess. Oh, what a world this world would be, If all men were but honest men ; Then life a blessing would appear. And earth would heav'n resemble then : Adown the rapid stream of time, Our fragile barque would safely glide ยก And scarce an adverse wind would blow, Or accident our voyage betide ! Live and let live. It is the cry Which ev'ry knave is wont to raise, Although they'll cheat you all they can, And rob, a thousand diff'rent ways : Self-interest's stamp'd upon the soul, Gold is engrav'd deep in the heart; And some would give, e'en their life's blood, Sooner than with their riches part. O cursed thing ! O much-lov'd trash ! Hell's tempting bait, to catch mankind ; Destruction's prize, by Satan giv'n, Which, when possess'd, we useless find; For never yet hath mortal ta'en One single penny to the grave ; And never yet did wealth, from death The heartless, cruel miser save. Live and let live-see how the rich Are wont to trample on the poor : Or go unto the battle-field, With human blood all crimson'd o'er ; There hosts of men, like devils, do Delight in sacrificing life ; Filling the world with widows' tears By joining in that awful stife. The noblest energies of the soul Perverted are, for sake of gold : Life is a battle, wealth the stake, And, oh, what conflicts we behold : Man seems to glory in the fray, But when the wish'd-for end's acquired, Something seems to be wanting still A something more than wealth's desir'd. The prize, when won, is valueless, The soul for something more will crave ; And conscience then will, like a ghost, Still haunt him, till he's in the grave : And when the end of life's in view, The heart will cling, leech-like, to earth ; All that the wretch doth own, he'd give, Could he escape the blow of death. Wealth cannot bribe the hated foe, Gold cannot buy one moment more ; Oh God ! it is a fearful thing, To cheat the rich, and rob the poor ; Live and let live 's a hackney'd phrase, But if it were well understood, Instead of making man a brute, 'Twould teach him all that's kind and good. Live and let live, the Bible saith, Live and let live, the heav'ns reply ; God, in his mercy, sends enough For each and all beneath the sky ; It is a precept that's divine, Oh, that we would then grow more wise ; Do all the good on earth we can, Then God would take us to the skies ! We must not speak, nor scarcely think ; 'Tis an offence against the laws, To write a rogue or tyrant down, In human nature's common cause : Gold puts the muzzle o'er the mouth, And sits, like night-mare, on the soul ; But ah, the time is drawing near, When we shall laugh at its control ! l.ive and let live, will be the cry Heard through the whole wide world, at length ; The intellectual mind of man, We know is daily gathering strength ; 'Twill break all selfish barriers down, And fly, like light fiom pole to pole ; Then we shall have as but one heart, In thought and feeling but one soul ! Live and let live. Who would not wish This precept carried out on earth ? Then man would sweetly glide through life, And like the sun would set-in death, To rise, more brightly in the sky Through Christ of everlasting bliss ; The soul would lay its frail robes by, And glory in a death like this ! JOHN HURREY. Melbourne, March 12th 