MORETON BAY. ¡ JULY 30. LAND SALE-The Government sale of land at the Township of Cleveland, fixed for the 13th proximo, I imagine will for [ various causes be a failure. In the first place, the spot chosen for a sea port town is not the best to be found in the broad waters of Moreton Bay ; neither are the allotments advertised for sale suitable for mercantile purposes ; this, coupled with the finding of such large quantities of gold at the Bathurst diggings, will assuredly put all speculation on one side as regards the purchase of land. On the following day, the 14th proximo, allotments are to be offered for sale in the suburbs of North and South Brisbane. A great number of these will sell, and in some instances command high prices, particularly the western suburbs of North Brisbane. ELECTIONEERING MOVEMENTS. -I have heard to-day that the pro-transportation candidates (Messrs. Hayes and Wilson) intend before the day of nomination to veer round, a la Weston, to the right, or popular side ; they trust being convinced that the vox populi is too strong even in these squatting districts, to give them a ghost of a chance of being returned as our future representatives, if they persist in advocating the resumption of transportation in any form. ExrouTS TO ENGLAND-The a meeting held at Drayton (Darling Downs), on the 22nd July, called for the purpose of devising measures for exporting wool, tallow, c, direct to England, instead of shipping it to Sydney, the following resolution was unanimously carried, viz. : " That it is desirable during the ensuing season to ship produce direct from Moreton Bay to England, and that a letter be addressed to Messrs. Smith and Campbell, (who have, already established an agency in Brisbane) to. send a vessel to Moreton Bay, and in the event of their declining, the proposal be made to some other of the principal ship owners and merchants in Sydney, requesting them to send ships to Moreton Bay, for the conveyance of the ensuing clip, direct to England," 1150 bales were at once guaranteed by the several leading squatters then present, and there is but little doubt of sufficient wool is, being forthcoming to load two vessels this season with despatch. Previous to the meeting separating, I understand a resolution was passed, condemnatory of the non issue of the 14 years leases. I rather surmise that the late gold discovery causes them to fear that the Executive will in all probability I defer issuing the leases until orders are received from home. THE ROADS, Measures are being taken by the inhabitants of Brisbane to appropriate the sum of £300 given by the Government to improve the road between North Brisbane and Breakfast Creek, North Brisbane and the upper part of the River Brisbane, and from South Brisbane to Ipswich. The several sums of £100 for each of these lines though small will go a great way in putting bridges where wanted over the creeks, and filling up some of the worst of the water holes. The brig Jack ' made a very good passage down, and will commence loading to- day for Sydney ; a large quantity of tallow, hides, and sheepskins will be shipped by her. The boiling season is now getting towards a close, but in consequence of many parties commencing to shear early this season in the grease, we may expect to commence forwarding wool to Sydney by the 1st of September ; the spring feed is said to be growing everywhere most luxuriant. The winter throughout has been very favourable, fine clear bracing weather generally unaccompanied by any of those I disastrous winds and rains that appear to have visited the middle district so severely the last month or two. 