ENGLISH EXTRACTS. NBW MINISTRY IS PROSPECTIVE.-TH the con templation, of another ministerial ci i-is, which i reg-rdedby all .parties as a contingency not vety reoiute, the leading-men among the Peel party are, ive are assured, already encased in the : work of Cabinet construction, lt -is intended to ? make advances to the more talented »nd influential ' members of the Manchester school, with the view of 1 entering into a-combination with them. While tbere is n perfect a«5i>r an-1 the Manchester scharil on tî'e question of Free Trad-., tue fumier, it is said, are prepared to ma^ great oiinceesious to popular feeling on the subject cf the franchise. Some persons-feel so confident of ihe cun;emp ated combination taking place, that i thev even specify the ónices -in the new Cabinet «-hieb .particular parties are to fill Sir James j virahaui has the Premiership assigned to him ; the tí.ike of Newcastle is to be t:;e Colonial secretary, i Mr Cardwell, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr Cobden, President of the Board of Trade. The other lending s ;itü in the anticipated Peetite-C bien , Cabinet are not yet filled up-uot even in intention. REJECTION OF TUB MARRIAGE BILL.-The se -oond reading of this Bill, the object of which is to enable a mau to marry the sister of his deceased wife, was moved- by Earl St. Germains ; and after sreeches from the Arc-.bishop of Canterbury, the Bishops of Exeter, St. DavidV, Norwich, Loudon and Qisory, and from Lords Ga^e, Campbell, and Brougham, the House divided, when the numbers were, for the bill, 16 ; against it, SO. Alajur.ty, 34\. The Bill was therefore thrown our, FEH AMS FßANcntsii.-lu the House of Lords, on Thnreday, February J 3th, the Earl of Cariis'e begged to present a petition, which, though rather unusual, had nutli4Hg-ia it which would prevent it being laid before them. It was from an assemblage of female inhabitants of the town of Sheffield, was signed on behalf of the. meeting by the chair woman (laughter), Mrs ll'hithah Higginbotham, and prayed the legislature to consider the propriety of introdocing an electoral law, which should in clude ?females 4n its operation. Hear !" and laugh'er ) THU GREAT EXHIBITION.-Tn ike Colonial divi sion, to which Dr Lindley, at the request of the Executive Committee, has directed his attention, all is bustle and activity, and great progress has been made. The arrivals up to the end of February fere, from South Australii,.i5 ; from Canada, 314; rom tue Capt» of Goa 1 Hope, 32 ; from . Nova Scotia, 23 ; from the Bahamas, 2 ; from Guernsey 10 : from Hongkong, 19 ; making a total of 417 packages. The arrivals from home contributors np to the same time were, altogether, 150-5 packages. CLIFTON SUSPENSION* BRIDGE.-It has at length been decided that the suspension bridge over the river Avon at Clifton, shall forthwith be completed. The ironwork has been taken by Messrs. Fox and Henderson, the eavnent contractors in connexion with the Crystal Palace. When completed, the btidge "iii form a most picturesque adjuuet to the beauty *he I litton scenery. GEB AT iî'ittE NEAR ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL.-On Thursday evening, Feb. 27th at a few minutes past 5 o'clock, a fire of a very extensive character broke out in .1-3 premises belonging to Messrs Treachor and Cuthbert, wholesale tallow.melter«, and candle manufacturers carry-ng on business at No. 43, Paternoster-row. The property in question has long been the dread of the inhabitants residing near St. Paul's. The premises, which have a consider, able frontage in the " Bow," extended in depth some 60 or 70 feet. « here an exceedingly narrow i snace separated them fi om a range of lofty wo k ¡ shops, and warehouses, which bad a frontage in London House-yard, lt was at the last named buildings that the conflagration commenced, and which for the space of an boor, continued to rage with the greatest impetuosity. The structure tras five floors high, including the basement, and ad joined on one sile by the Goose and Gridiron Tavern, the property of Mr W. Making ; whilst Howitt's coffee aud chop-house flanked the other side. The Bose and Crown Tavern, belonging to Mr W. Davies, stood immediately opposite the barning premises ; the only séparation between tho two was a sort of-cart-way, probably 8 or 9 feet wide. The refreshment rooms of Mr Inglis, the pastry-cook, of St. Paul's Churchyard, also exten lei within a few feet of the flames. A copper of fat, fi om some cause not clearly-ascertained, bat which is believed to be a fracture in the metal, took fire. AU hands were immediately summoned to the spot, and every endeavour made to smother the flames, . but without «access ; they speedily rose terrifically, igniting the flooring over the copper, and then rash- ; i:ig in oue immense sheet through the warehouses till they reached ihe roof. It was past 7 o'clock before it ssouîd belaid that the mastery over this fearful conflagration was Obtained, and not until the entire range of premises belonging to the firm, in London House-yard, were burnt completely. through, the front building severely damaged by reit oval abd breakage and several others, in im mediate proximity, materially injured by fire, j water, &c.; j DEATH OF JOANNA BAILLIE.-IVe regret" to an nounce the decease, at Hampstead, where she hal, for many years, lived in retirement, of Joanna Bailie, a poet, whose fame is indellibly inscribed on the annals of our literature, and whose genius, remarkable in character, has received the homage of the most exal ed of her contemporaries. Born in 1763, in the mans J of Bothwell, near Glasgow, of which place her father was minuter, be great age connected her with a period sunaiised by the most remarkable events, and equally so by the great intellectual impulse which then leavened the social -ma«s. At the end of the last century a crowd of distinguished persons appeared in every department where eminence could be attained, and-the names of Bogers, Wordsworth, Campbell, Moore, Scott, shortly to be succeeded by some equally celebrated, prove that in poetry the period was particularly rich. The works of Joanna Baillie, which then ap peared anonymously, created as great a sensation as any production of the great authors above mentioned, and the impression which was the result of their first appearance, was much heightened when, contrary to all expectation, they were found to be the writings of a woman. Her female por traits are especially beautiful, and possess kn mi nsoal degree- of elevatiou and purity. Several of -her dramas have been acted. .John Kemb'eand his gifted sister sustained the chief characters of De Kontfort upon several occasions, and the elder Kean selected the same tragedy for one of his benefit nights. The " Family Legend " obtained a considerable ron in Edinburgh, where £ir Walter Scott, the warm friend and great admirer of Joanna Baillie exerted himse'.f with all that generjus feel ing which distinguished his character to promote its success. He wrote a prologue to this tragedy, while the author of the "Man of Feeling" contri buted to the epilogue. The " Separation'' and *' Henriquez " have in more modern times been acted, bat the writings of Joanna Baillie aro rather adapted for reading thais the stage. The beautiful imagery and delicate beauties are lost in oar great theatres, and they are, perhaps, not sufficiently j forcible in action, nor rapid, in development to impress a large and pro iviscuous audience. Though her -fame tended greatly to draw her into society, her 1 fe was passed in retirement. It was pure and moral in the highest degree, and was character ised by the most consummate integrity, kindness, sad active benevolence, tientie and unassuming -to all, with an unchangeable simplicity of manner and of character, she counted may of the most celebrated -for talent and genius among her friends, nor were those who -resorted te her modest home ?confined to the natives of this country, but many from various parts of Europe, and especially from America, sought introductions to one whose fame is commensurate with a knowledge of English lite Tature. i DEATH OF TBZ HON. AND REV. GEBÄRD NOEL. j Died at Ramsey, Hants, on February 24th. in the j seventieth year of his age, the Hon. and Rev. , Gerard Thomas Noel, Vicar of that place, a d Canon of Winchester. The urbanity of bis man ner, combined with the true Christianity by which all bis actions were regulated, caused his loss to be severely felt by all classes and all denominations. The iitSpence bo bad. obtained was so great, that daring his residence in tte parish of Romsey, n - iigious dissension had been ahnest unknown By -his exertion upwards of £3000 was raised, and de vo ed to the restoration of the Abbey to its former beattyi and at his death he was busily engaged in the erection of schools in connection with the < h arch. At his interment, which took place on March 3rd in the Abbey burial ground, be bavin "a î strong objection to bo interred within the waUs'of that building whick will for ages remain a noble i monnmeut to his memory, the funeral service j was performed by the Bishop of Oxford. Among I the meuniers were the Bishop of Winchester, the Dean cf Winchester, Archdeacons Hare and Wig I tam, a large aomfcer of thc clergy of the country,, and about three thousau 1 of h's parishioners. 'Hie .reverend gentleman was son of the tate, and brother of ihe.preseiit. îîarl of GainsW ugh. and npxt suc cessor to Hie title, to which his younger brother, the Hon. and Rev. Baptist \V. Noel is uo«V heir. Bin MACREADV'S BETIHEMEKT FEOSI THE STAGE.-This eminent-actor eminent alike by his j histrionic genius and his self-sacrificing efforts to [purify and elevate the character of dramatic Tepre- j j sen tatton, took his farewell of the stage on Wednes-1 day, February 26. The demand for -places was al-1 I most unprecedented. Macbeth was the play chosen I by Air Macready tor the pccasion ; and the welcome'1 he received when he retired was overwhelmingly en thusiastic Mr Phelps, Mrs Warner, and Miss P. Horton, filled the parts of Macdui, Lady Macbeth, and Hecate. At the conclusion of the tragedy the loudest calls wac made for Mr 3lacready, wno at length came before the curtain. The excitement was so immense that it was many minutes before he I was allowed to say one word. When silence was ob tained-, he took his farewell of the audience in an ad , dess delivered uider great emotion. A Farewell Banquet was given to Mr Macready by Iiis 'friends and admirers, in the Hall ot Com merce, on Saturday, the 1st March. Upwards of 600 persons, including many of the most celebrated characters of the day, were pres ant. The chair was filled by Sir E. Bulwer Lytton. After the standing toasts had been loyally Tionoured, the Chairman rose amidst the most pro found silence, and «aid :-Gentlemen, when I glance through this vast hall, and feel how weak and indis tinct is my voice, I feel that I must frankly throwmyself on your indulgence, and entreat your most patient and courteous attention while I approach that sub fect which unites to-day an assembly so remarkable or the number and distinction of those who compose it. _ (Hear, hear,) We are met to do honour to an eminent mah who retiras into private life afta: those services to the public, which are always most felt when we are about to lose them. (Loud cheering.) There are many among you far better calculated than I am to speak critically of the merits ef Mr Macready as an actor ; but, placed as I am in this chair, 1 feel that I should greatly disappoint you if I did not -seek to give -some utterance to those sentiments oí admiration of which you have made ma the repre sentative. (Applause.) Gentleman, this morning I »read in one of the literary journals some qualifying re marks as to the degree of Mr Macready1« genius. And now, gentlemen, as -I recognise many who are devoted to literature and art, I win ask them if I am "net right in this doctrine, that the true measure of the genius -of an artist is the degree of excellence to which he brings the art that he cultivates. (Loud cries of Hear, hear.) Try Mr Macready by this test, and how great is the genius that will delight us no more. (Thunders of applause.) For it is be cause it has so achieved what I will call the sym metry of art that its height and its breadth have been often forgotten. (Cheers.) For we know that it is the uneven and irregular surface that strikes us, and that the dimensions of genius, like those of a build ing, are lost in the justness of its proportions (cheers); and therefore if is in recalling.the surpasing excel lence of our guest as an art is ti cal performer, one ia really at a loss to «es in what line of character he ex celled the most. The Titanic grandeur of Lear, the human debasement of Werner, the frank viva city of Henry the Fifth, "the gloomy and tremendous bigotry of King John, or that his last personation of Macbeth, in which it seemed to me that he" con veyed a more exact notion of what Shakspere de signed than I recollect to have read in the most pro found of the German critics ; for, I take it, what Shakspere meant to represent in Macbeth was a kind of character most liable to be influenced by the belief in supernatural agency—a man who is ac tually subservient to all the impressions which his restless imagination, more powerful than his will, creates-who sees daggers in the air and ghosts in the banquet hall-who has moral weakness and phy sical courage, and who, as our guest represented him, alternates perpetually between terror and daring- -a trembler when oppressed by conscience, and a war rior when defied by his foes. (Cheers.) But in this, as in all that numberless crowd of characters which are too fresh in your memories for me to enumerate, we don't say so much how well this was spoken, ol how finely that was acted, as we feel within ourselves how true is the personation of the whole. Gentle, men, there is a word often applied to artists and authors, and, I think, always applied improperly, when we speak of superior intellect-the word versa tility. I think the proper word is comprehensive (Hear, hear.) A man of genius does not vary and change, which is the meaning of the word versatility, bat he has a mind sufficiently comprehensive to em brace all-variety and changes. If I seek to circum scribe a circle, I can then draw as many -lines as 1 please from the centre to the circumference ; but th« mathematical law is, that all these lines must bf equal one to the other, or it is not a circle. ( Hear, hear.) I don't say that our guest is versatile, but j cay that he is comprehensive; and-ihe proof that h< is most comprehensive in his capacity is, that all th« lines he has created within the range bf his art ar« equal ons to the other. And that, gentleman, ex plains to you that originality, which even his ene mies have conceded to him. Every great actor has his manner, as every great writer has bis style. Bul -the originality of our guest does not consist in hit manner alone, but in his singular depth of thought He is not only comprehensive in his essential view« ef oratory, in look, in gesture, intonation, stage play, but he has applied his study far deeper-he ha¡ ought to penetrate into the subüest intentions o] the poet, and made poetry itself the golden key ti the human heart. (Great applause.) fie is origma] I because he has not sought to be original, but true; because, in a word, he is conscientious in art as in his actions. (Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, there is -one merit in our guest as an actor, on which I would indeed be ungrateful if I were silent. Many a great performer may attain to high reputation if he re strain his talents to the acting of Shakspere and the great writers of the past, but it is clear that in so doing he does not advance an inch the literature of his time. It has been the merit of our guest U recognise the truth that the actor has it in his powa -to assist in creating the writer. He has identifiée himself with the living drama of ' the period, and bj so doing he has half created it. Who does not recol lect the rough and manly vigour of Tell, and thi Roman heroism of Virginius, and the exquisit« sweetness, and pathos, and dignity of Ion < Í-Tremendous and long cheering.) Who does no eel that but for bim those great plays would neve heve obtained a hold upon the stage, or have rank« among the masterpieces which will go down to th« latest posterity? (Great cheering) And what chara and grace-not the author's own-he has given U the lesser works of an inferior writer it is not for mi to say (a loud burst of cheering from all parts of thi room). But, gentlemen, in all this, in which he ha: sought to rally round him all the dramatic writers o his time, all this brings me at once from the merit of the actor to those of the manager; I recall thai brief but glorious time when the drama of England appeared suddenly to revive, and promise that thi future would be worthy of the past (cheers), whei by the union of all the kindred arts, and the exer cise of taste at once gorgeous and severe, we saw the thoughts of Shakspere properly embodied on the stage, because the ornament was never superior to the work. Just remember the manner in which the supernatural agency of the weird sisters was made appear to the eye-or the magie isle of Prospero rose in its mysterious solitude~-or how the knightly cha racter of Henry of Agincourt received its true inter pretation from the pomp af the feudal age, and you will own that you could not strip the stage of those scenic effects without stripping Shakspere of half the depth and richness of his descriptions. (Great cheer ing.) But that was only half the merit of his man agement ; he purified the audience, so that, for thc first time since the reign of Charles the Second, s rather might have taken his daughter to tbepnbli theatre with as much safety and as little fear of am shock to decorum, as if he had taken her to th house of a friend (cheers) ; and for this reason, thi late lamented Bishop of Norwich made ita point ti form the personal acquaintance of Mr Macready that he might thank him as a prelate of the Church for the good be had done to society. (Hear.) Gen tlercen, I cannot recall that period without a shari pang of indignant regret ; for if that managemen had lasted some ten or twelve years, we should hav established a permanent school for actors, and i fresh and enduring field of dramatic poetry, and w might, while we edacated the audience up to it, fee that dramatic performances of the highest point c excellence had become an intellectual want, whicl could be dispensed with no more than we can nov dispense with our newspapers (great cheering) ; am all this has been checked and put back for an age not because the public would not support tbeexperi ment-because ne says that his houses were filled ti overflowing, bat because of the enormous amount* t the exaction on the part of the proprietors of th theatre, which even in the most prosperous seasoi made the exact difference between profit and loss (Hear, bear.) It is not the place now to speak c remedies-remedies there are for legislation to effèc That involves considerations with regard to thoa patents secured to certain houses for the purpose o obtaining fox this metropolis the legitimate drama and which I fear have proved hostile toit. Bu these recollections belong to the past-the actor, th manager are no more. (Hear, hear.) Whombav we with us to-day? Something grander than acte -or manasen. To-day we have with us the mai (Tremendous deering.) Gentlemen, to speak t those virtues which adorn a home, and are onl known in secret, has always appeared to be out« place on publia occasions ; but there are some virtue which cannot be called private-which accompan; men everywhere--which form an essential part < their public character, and of this it becomes us t speak, for it is to this we are met to do homage, mean integrity, devotion to pure ends, and high am bilton, mental independence, and honour that never knew a stain. (Applause.) Why should we dis guise from cm-selves that there are great prejudices to the profession of an actor-who docs not know that our noble guest has lived down every one of such prejudices-not by falling into the old weak nesses of the actor, and for which Garrick could not escape the sarcasms of .lotnson-Í mean hunting after the society and patm > ge of the great. ( Heat- ) Tbegreathavesoughtiii him t ."? accomplished gentle man ; but he never stooped t e proud front of au Englishman to court any patrol t e meaner than the public, or sue for the smile w l.i which fashion humiliates the genius it coadesctfi^s to flatter (im mense cheering). And therefore it is that he has so lifted up that profession to which he belongs into its proper rank among the higher arts ; and therefore it is, m glancing over the Hst of stewards we find that every ekment of that aristocracy on which he never fawned, unites to mender him this tribute bf respect (cheers). The ministers of foreign nations- names amongst the noblest psers of England-veterans of that profession of whose honour he was the life spring-the chiefs of literature, and art, ministers of the Church, sensible of the benefits he has be stowed upon society in banishing from the stage what had drawn upon it the censures of the pulpit, are all here-all unite to enforce the truth-the grsat ; truth-which he leaves to those who come after .iim, that let a man but honour his calling, and his call* ' ing wDl soon be an honour to the man (great ap Îilause). Gentlemen, I cannot better sum up all f tave to say than in the words which the Roman orator applied to -the actor of his day, and I ask you if I may not say of bira as Cicero said of Roscius-" He is £a man who unites yet more of virtues than of talents, yet more of truth than of art, and who dignifying the scene by the various .portraitures of human life, dignifies yet more this assembly by the example of bis own" (cheers). The toast I am about to propase to you is connected with many sad associations, but not to-day (hear, hear). Later and long will we cherish whatever may sadden the mingled feelings that accompany this farewell (bear, hear)-later, when night after night we miss from the playbills the old familar name, and feel that one, the source of elevated delight, is lost to us for ever (great applause). To-day let us only rejoice that he who is so precious and dear is no worn-out veteran retiring to the rest he can no longer enjoy- that he leaves us in the prime of his powers with many years to came in the course of nature of -that digni fied leisure for which every public man must have sighed in the midst of his triumphs (loud cheering)-; and althoagh I cannot say that the period of his life bas fallen into " the sere, "the yellow leaf,*' I can say that prematurely he has obtained that which should accompany old age-"love, honour, and obedience -troops of friends ;" and, therefore, withdrawing for this night all selfish regrets-not ¿linking of the darkness which is to follow, but of the brightness of the sun that is to set, I call upon you. with full glass2s and full hearts, to drink, Health, happi ness, and long life to William Macready." The toast was drunk with the most enthusiastic .applause, the cheering being several times renewed. Slr Macready then rose, and was received with a burst of applause from the company, which appeared almost to overpoR _r him, and he commenced his address apparently under feelings of considerable emotion. He said : I rise to thank you, I should say to attempt-to thank you, for I feel the task is far beyond my powers. What can i say in reply to all that the kindly feelings of my ft iuds Tiave dictated ? I have not the skill to arrange and dress in attractive language the thoughts that press upon me, and my incompetence may, perhaps, appear like a want of sensibility to your kindness, for we are are taught to believe, that "out of the heart's fulness the mouth -speaketh." But my difficulty, let noe assure you, is a contradiction to the assertion. I have to thank my friend, your distinguished chairman, fbi proposing my health to you, and for the 'elo quence, and may I not add, the brilliant fane; with which he has enriched and graced bis sub ject. But that we might readily expect from him. ; who in the wide, discursive Tange of his genius! touches nothing that he does not adorn (applause.) ? I have to thank you for the cordiality, and vt 1 ma; without presumption «ay so, the enthusiasm with which the compliment bas been received. : and for the honour, uever to be forgotten, that 1 you have conferred on - me by making mi your guest to-day, (loud cheers;) Never befon , have I been so oppressed with a sense of my defi ' ciencies as at this moment, when looking on thu assemblage of-sympathising friends crowded here tc offer the spontaneous testimony of their Tegard. (great cheering.) I observe among you many who for years have been the encouraging companions ol : my eourse, and there arepresent too, those who hav< ' cheered my very latest efforts, (hear, Tiear.) To al) ' who have united in'this-crowning tribute so far be : yond my merits or expectations-to my old friends , the friends of many years (¿Ir Macready's voice hen j faltered, and he was evidently deeply affected)-whe ! welcomed me with hopeful greeting in the morning of my professional life, and the younger ones 'whe now .gather around to shed more brightness on my setting, I wish to pour forth the abundant expres . sions of my gratitude, (great applause.) You ari ' not, I think, aware of the full extent of my obliga I Mons to you. Independently of the substantial benefit due to a liberal appreciation of my exertions, my very position in society was determined by the ' stamp which your approbation has set to my hum I ble merits, (bear, hear), let me unhesitatingly affirm that without undervaluing the accidents of birth 01 titular distinction, I would not exchange the grate - I ful pride which your good opinion has given me the 1 right -to cherish, for any favour or advancement thal the most privileged in station could receive, (enthu siastic applause). Gentlemen, I really am too much -oppressed, toe mach overcome, to attempt to detail you long ; but with the reflection, and under th« I conviction that your drama, the noblest in the world j can never lose its place from the stage while the En glish language lasts, I would venture to express om parting hope that the rising actors may keep thi i loftiest look, may hold the most elevated views ol the duties of their calling, (much cheering). ] would hope that they may strive to elevate their art and with it raise themselves above the level of thi player's easy life to public regard and distinction, bj a faithful ministry to the genius of our incompar able 'Shakespere, (applause). To effect this credit able purpose they must bring resolute energy and -unfaltering labour to their work-they_ most bi content " to spurn delights and live laborious days.' Remember whatever is excellent in art must spring from labour and endurance, (renewed applause). Deep the oak must sink in stubborn earth it roots obscure That hopes to lift its branches to the sky." This, gentlemen, I can assure "you, was the doctrim of our Siddons and of the great Talma, and this i the faith I have ever held as one of their humbles; desciples, (cheers.) To my direction of the tw< patent theatres on which my friend has se kindlj dilated I wish to say but little. The preamble oj their patents recite, as a condition of their granta that the theatre should be for the promotion o; virtae and instruction to the human race. I thinl these are the words. I can only say it was my de termination to the best of my ability to obey that injunction, and believing in the principle that pro petty has its duties as well as its rights, I conceiver .that the proprietors should have co-operated wi tl me. They thought otherwise, and I was relactantlj compelled to relinquish, on disadvantageous terms, my half achieved enterprise. Others will take uj the uncompleted work, and if inquiry was set ox I foot for one best qualified to undertake the task, ] should seek him in a theatre which by eight years labour he has, from the most degraded condition I raised high fh public estimation, not only as regard: the intelligence and respectability of his audience bat in the learned and tasteful spirit of his produc fons. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, I shall not detain yoi longer. All that I could desire, and far more thai I ever could expect, you have, in the honour yoi hare done me this day, conferred upon me. It wit be a memory that mast remain as an actual posses sion to me and mine, which nothing in life can tak< from us. The repetition of thanks adds little to the! force, and therefore, deeply as I am already obliga to yon, I must draw still farmer on your indulgence (Hear, hear.) You have had faith in my zeal fb your service, you will I am sure continue that mit! -in my gratitude for the value you have set upon it With a heart more full than the glass I hold, I re turn you my grateful thanks, and have the horibu of drinking au your healths. The health of the Chairman was proposed by Mi Charles Dickens. His Excellency, M. Van d Weyer, gave .« The Artists and Sir Charles East lake," to which Sir Charles responded. Mr Jobi Forster gave *' Dramatic Literature," coupling wit] it the names of Mr Proctor and Ur White. Th Chairman proposed " The German Exponents o Shakspere," in connexion with* the Chevalier Bunsen who returned thanks Other toasts were given ant acknowledged by Mr W. J. Fox, Mr Chas. Eemble Mr Thackeray, and Lord Duffèrin ; and at midnigh this perhaps the most brilliant dinner party of mo dem times, was broken up. UNIVEESIT.T OF GLASGOW.-Mr Sheriff Alison i now Lord Rector of Glasgow University. At th ! election, two nations roted bim, and two. for Lon Palmerston ; the casting vote fell on Hr Macaulaj but he being engaged elsewhere, the vote lapsed ti his predecessor, Mr Mare, of Caldswell, and it wai given to the historian, and against the Forcigi Minister. PAELIAXESTAKT REFERENCES TO THE COLO KIES.-On Monday, March 3rd, Sir William Moles worth gave notice that he would more the following resolutions . "1. That it is the opinion of Hie House, tha steps should be taken to relieve this country, a -speedily as possible, from its present civil and mili tary expenditure, on account of those colonies which are neither military stations nor <*~tvict settlements " 2. 'I hat it is expedient at the »ame time to give tn the inhabitants of those colonies ample powers for their local self-government, and to free them front th tt imperial interference «rilli their affairs which is inseparable f.om their present military occupation." In thc House of «Lords, on Tuesday March 41h, : Lord Mooleric prevented a petition from the ni Ihabitants ot Van Diemen'3 L nd, coniphiimu the suffering to which that c iony was subjected hy the continued influx of convicts though the Go vernment bad Bailie time since given a pr niioe that ns more convicts should be ^el¡t to Vau Diemcu's i Land. Earl Grey reminded the HGnse that the subject had been fully discussed during the last Session of Parliament, and denied that any pledge had been giren to the inhabitants of Van Oieiueu's Laud (Lat the traus|iortalian of convicts to that colony should eutirety cease. What the Government had pro mised was, that convicts should uot he sent th i ti er until they had been reformed by spending a consi derable portiou of fheir sentence iu England ; and this promise it had been the intention of the Go vernment rig/dly to fn'fil ; but the p'ans of the Government had been deiaaged by a very inconsi derate address to the Crown, passed by the House . 'Commons, praying that a large number of con victs might be at once removed from the country. To this address the Government had thought itself bound to attend, and to this cause waa to be attri buted the iuilux of cuuvicts complained of; but he boped (hat no further obstacles would be opposed, on the one hand, to the Government sclieme of re formation at home; while, on the other, he trusted that the Australian colonies would not be r-o b iud to their own interests as to refuse to receive convicts sent out ou the modified system of transportation. Ou Thursday, March C b, Lord Monteagle asked whether the oovernnieiit had received from the Cape of Good Hope any official information with regard to the invasion of the Kaffirs tuto the colony, aaa what means for repressing it were at the dis posal of the Governor. Earl Grey replied that information had been re ceived ot'the irruption, and of one or two serious engagements with the Kaffirs. With regard to the force maia tai ued for the defence of the colouy, it was tra i that a reduction had taken place within the last few years, hut not below the amount which Sir H. Smith considered necessary for the protec tion of the frontiers. At the same time, measures « ere in progress lo send out a reinforcement both of men and guns, so that the means-of defence might ba «quai to what they originally were in that colony. L »rd Staulay remarked that unless the force on the spot were sufficient to put down the invasion at the fi st hurst, it was to be (eared that a fierce and protracted war would be the-consequence. A con siderable time must elapse before reinforcements from home could reach the colony, and he should be glad to know the precise amount of redaction which had-taken place in the forces at the Cape. Earl Grey replied that it it was not at present in bis power to ¿tate the precise reduction which-had taken place. PROPOSED SOCIETY FOR THE PCOTECTIOS or EMIGRANTS.-A meeting of a most interesting cha racter was held ' in March last, in the Clarendon Il-.oms, with the view of making preliminary -arrdngerne.jts for -the establishment of a society whose object is to be the protection of emigrante from imposition, by giving them suitable advice BJ to their proceedings. Wm Brown, Esq., M. P. occupied the cbair, and Mr L. Hey worth, M.P. was also-present, together wi th.a number of-influential gentlemen connected with the town. The first resolution, moved by Mr Tja wren ct Hey worth, M .1'-, wa« te the effect that a requisitioi begot up and presented to tue Mayor, urging-kins to call a meeting for the purpose cf esubliûuii* the society. Some conversation took place wiih regard to «flu necessity for the formation of an Eiuigr as a portion Of the scheme : but it was'deemed es. peJieut, to keep the :niatter in abeyance until thc fatJ of the Bill already in Parliament, -in relation to tue subject, could be ascertained. Tue meeting was rendered incie isedly interesting from the presence of Mr Fiedcrick Marshall, thc proprietor of the -Emigrant's Home, *t I'Jymoutu. and who, it appears, has come down to Liverpoo with the view of establishing, if -possible, a -sknilai institution in this town, -lndt-ed,-he is already it treaty for the -lease of : premises capable of accom modating 800 persons, and which, with alterations can be made available for the accommodation o twice that number. Mr Marshall was-requested ti put himself iuto communication with the commute! hero. A second resolution WAS adopted, embodying 1 -request that *the Mayor would make the time fa -the holding of the public meeting suitable to thi arrival of three gentlemen who are about to visi Liverpool from au Emigrants' Fríe id Society ii America. The following is the requisition : *. To the Worshipful the Maw, ** We, the undersigned, most respectfully request year worship to call a public meeting, with a vie« to forming a society to carry out the objects of 1 resolution hereunder written, passed by a provi sional committee, at the Clarendon Booms, ot Thursday. ** Resolved-That it is our duty as far as we cai to assist our fellow men in his journey through lite and with a view to protect emigrants who embari from this port, it is desirable that a réquisition bi signed, and transmitted to his Worship the Mayer requesting him to call a public meeting, in ordei to form a society to aid and assist those emigrant: with advice, to prevent as far as is passible thi impositions practised too frequently on them ; ti point out to them such sister societies as may eris foreign countries, having similar views to our own and to direct them in reaching such places as maj afford them the best facilities of meeting with em ploytnent, and giving them information on othes matters which may be useful to strangers in strang) lands."-Liverpool paper. NEWSPAPERS AND BOOKS FOR THE COLOKIES. Notice has been issued at the General Post-offio that henceforth all newspapers to be sent to thi British colonies or possessions, or to foreign parts must be put into the post within seven days affce the day on which they were published. By a Trea sury warrant, on and after the 'st of Marc' books for the following colonies may he transmitía by post, at the undermentioned rates :--Gibralter Malta, the Ionian Islands, and the British posses 6Í0R8 in the West Indies, Newfoundland, Halifax ¿tc. ; namely, not exceeding I lb.. 6 _2 lb., ls ; 4 lb, 2s, and so ou in proportion. The mast ba sent open at the sides, the same aa news papers. G PEAT MEETING OF FOKEIGN REFDGEES. Some of the notables of the last French Revolado: have " turned np" in London, and appear to hav abated nought of their fire or folly. The followin is a condensed report of the proceedings at '. grand demonstration," which took place at th Literary Institution, John- street, Fitzroy Sanan to celebrate the third anniversary of the frene . Revolution of 1848. At 6 o'clock about SOO French, German, Italia! rad Hungarian refugees, with a few of the leadef of the English Democratic party, sat down to banquet ; and afterwards a public meeting wa held. No chairman was appointed ; but the con mitteeof management occupied-the place of tb presidential chair, one of the members announcin the speakers and regulating the proceedings. M. Caossidiere, the ex Prefect of Police, was tt first to address the meeting. He reminded bis ac dience that this was the third anniversary of a da not only memorable in the history of France, bs I also in the annals of the world-a day which woul have its memorials recorded with an iron pen in th chronicles of nations, as they were already seare indelibly on the brains of millions. (Cheers.) Th true Repnblic had hitherto failed of realization, be cause reactionary traitors and bribed intriguers ha conspired to arrest the legitimate progress of De mocracy. But the true spirit of Democracy won! triumph at last, and France would speedily learn t distinguish between her enemies and her friend! Loud cheering.) M. Ledra Rollin, ex- Minister of the Interior, wh was welcomed with immense applause, waving c bats and handkerchiefs, and all the manifestation of a burning enthusiasm, said that, precisely thre years ago, and at the sama hour, France was pre seating to the world the grandest and sublimest c spectacles. (Cheers.) The people had risen i their might ; and, in one diy-yes, in a few s'ior hours-thay bad not only destroyed the Mooarohi bf France, but likewise established the fact tba thenceforth a Monarchy should become an imposai bility in that country. (Tremendous cheers.) Thi people had acted wisely, nobly, magnanimously upol the occasion. Bat where does the real virtue or 1 nation reside ? In the people ; Who possess thi ' real intelligence, and that best- af«tasajaineVI^ ' denominated .common sense? The' .bwôpTjtî JfÂÎbV suffer all miseries and all pr Tarions? '-^Ebefámoaí Who, thea, should possess dmt empernase'attica =¡a to be gleaned ou'y from the Behool. af aaUeislly? The people ; '1 he peuple, ¿ben, án in ««ry wajr fitted for self'govermnent. (Load «ed p alongad applause.) Ye ,. by means of universal Battage, toe 5«°pie can govern themselves a^lhuat IjajajaaV; Aristoctacy, or i resident-dûs last poaer¿l«aa; almost as bad as the two other*. (Imwro jip« pb ose ) " Mr G W. SI. Oynolda, who was foodly apjj&B.; ded, said, that the prescut* of M. ledraEo&tB.asd; the brilliant, speech which, he ind jntt idcSrensi. coulJ not fail to force «pon thc miada cf aUprnÉcasr the contrast which existid between bsa and tb»1 mountebank President of France.^ iCIwüa^ -ifir was ti tie that a real and veritable BiepwbBes»Dnr«3 no President, who. afUr all, was only a atoe* löss»; but, if France must Itara a IViiiJi'rt. ajf iiiiaa; bsd she not chosen such a roan as tedra fiâlnay in stead of such an individual ms Louis Jkapateoa Iii ñaparte ? ; Heur.) However,» crias waa ra pidly approaching tn France; and dw .resaft wa» within the range of prophecy. Tbs- ^"ferjlPijg ' sident would be knocked down from the pedestal where he rendered himself alike hateful ansYladK erous : and M. Ledru Rollin, as the first Minister of France, would have the glory, the honour, and the pleasure of establishing the veritable Social aaeV Democratic Republic (Immense cheering.) Hr Reynolds proceeded to observe, that his frinds, Messrs Caussidiere and Ledru Rollin must not form their ideas of the English spirit from the represen lations of a base and venal press, but must look into the Democratic journals to find the proof and the assurance that the sympathies of all good, trae* and enlightened Britons were with the holy cause of European liberation. (I and cheeta.) M. Martin Bernard, one of the ex-representa tives of tlie Mountain party, read some Democratic correspondence to the meeting, which, haring bee» . briefly addressed by other spedcen, separated at j ll o'clock. / . j ECONOMY IN THE FOEEIGS Orro*.-"fte ftl ; lawing- reductions bare been made in the expense* ' of the Diplomatic Service, to take effect Ivomlha [.?fith April next:-"I'here sreto bein fotare bot twa British ft] misters abroad with the rank of Alabama dor, namely at Taris and Ccmstantinopie. _ The Paris Embassy is reduced from XiQ'OQ to£&&QO; «.year; the Madrid mission is rcdae¿dfiom £CjMa> "a-year, and ¿550 for house real; to £5ftU0 a-yoar. aud £700 house rent ; the Vienna rnissioa' i» jré doced from £9,000 a-year, and £900' koaae reati -to £5,000 a-year, and £903 howe mt; tte Secretary of Legation at Vienna *» haveJÖSOar yedr Instead of £900, bitbertopabl a» iba Si ir i Wry of the Emba-ay. Tl"»» "^wrtwir^.ia anVfttâri t~ the abolition of the Consuls-General at .Sm* «ad Algiers, and other redactions, .arbiea wo bara already announced in the Coosalar Départant, wiQ effect a considerable saving in die exposes ,«T tho Foreign Office. * 