ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. I To the Editor of the Colonial Tima. . I Sir,-At last there are symptoms of the Church of England, in this colony, beginning to bestir it- self. Doubtless, it, is high time. Affairs have been long and rapidly drifting on to a crisis, which, at no distant day, threatens to render the Church of England among the things that were. That a movement has set in, strongly and deci- sively in the direction of Rome, is placed beyond all question, by the indubitable evidence of facts. Dr. Nixon, and the small knot of persons who, with him, in this colony, hold the doctrines of Apostolical succession and sacramental grace, may declaim as sonorously as they please, against the Church of Rome ; aud pronounce their oracular dicta upon the broad distinctions, between their Anglican views, and the views of Rome ; yet the stubborn fact uproots all their declamation, that the very men who, from Newman downwards, had declaimed and argued and written against Rome, with infinitely more learning and power than Dr. Nixon, or his new-fledged confederates can ever do, soon found their position untenable—soon found that they had raised a spirit which they could not lay, and were soon forced, out of sheer consistency, to hoist the banner of the Vatican, and march over to the side, whose battles they had been all the while really and most effectually fight- ing. Nor has this Popish movement to this hour sustained a single check. The opposition made to it by the Government, in the Gorham case, and the counter operations within the Church itself, have had but a feeble effect, and none whatever to stem the current of secession. That current continues unabated, or rather it has increased. Scarcely a mail arrives from England which does not convey intelligence of some new pervert to Rome, aS\the phrase now runs. But the cases of avowed con version to Romanism—numerous and individually important as some of them have been, are but a small portion of the evil. They have indeed been rather before their time—they have given a note of warning, which it might have been politic to suppress —for there has been a simultaneous and wide spread process going forward throughout the Church, both in England and the colonies—a pro cess by which all the Protestant elements of the Church are being most sedulously put down and expelled ; while the opposite elements of Popery, or whatever can be made to speak a popish lan- guage, or wear a Popish garb, are being as indus- triously brought forth and paraded. Hence the ill-disguised horror at the very name of Pro- testant, and the peculiar care with which the use of it is avoided. Hence the lovingness with which the word Catholic is adopted into its place - Catholic views — Catholic principles — Catholic teaching—Catholic Church — Catholicism and Catholicity—are now the current and the fashion able phrases—while Protestantism and its cognate terms are discarded, as savouring too vilely of republicanism and dissent. Hence the bold avowal of, or the quiet but very significant connivance at the sacrament of " pen- ance," " auricular confession," " priestly absolu- tion" in the full and liberal sense,—the doctrine that the Eucharist is a sacrifice, and that Christ is really present in the elements—the use of rosaries and crucifixes—the high advantages of monastic institutions,—and not least the special worship of the blessed Virgin. All these peculiar symbols of the Popish system are now openly held up and extolled, within what used to be called the Protes- tant Church of England. There is no need now of glossing over or explaining away what scrupulous consciences were wont to boggle at as Popish in the phraseology of the church service. Such parts of its phraseology are now its highest excellencies. They stamp it with its true value of antiquity and catholicity ; and the special function of an Anglican, priest, or layman, is to bring out these excellencies to the exclusion of all else. ' But the grand and distinguishing aim of all this movement, and the aim which most completely identifies it with Rome is—the augmentation of priestly power. Their cardinal dogma is, that the Episcopalian Bishops are the only true and valid representatives of the Apostles ; and that God, by a special ordinance, has annexed the power of im- parting his grace exclusively to their persons,—so that Dr. Nixon is the sole and only individual -in all this colony, with the exception, of course, of his Roman Catholic brother, Dr. Wilson, who can, by imposition of hands and the repetition of a form of words, infallibly convey to another the power of the Holy Ghost ; that all who have been subjected to this mechanical process become ipso facto, invested with the mysterious prerogatives of absolving men from their sins—of producing a miraculous con- version, or quasi—miraculous conversion of the bread and wine of the Eucharist, and especially of regenerating the natures of all infants whom they baptize—so that all infants who are not so baptized, are not regenerate ; and should they die, are not to receive Christian burial, or to partake in the bles, sings of Christianity at all. We require only to read these Anglican dogmata (which are not at all exaggerated) to see what mysteriously important and miraculously gifted personages they make Dr. Nixon and his fellow Bishops. They invest them in fact with the powers of re-creation. The office of a Divine Mediator is in effect abolished, and the human priest, arrayed in the awful attributes of the Divine Majesty, takes His place, and discharges His offices. This com- munity has from time to time had the opportunity of witnessing the exercise of these superhuman powers. We have had Dr. Nixon before our eyes putting on his hands and repeating his Shibboleth over sundry specimens of humanity—and certainly among the many rare and excellent qualities of this Antipodean people shortsightedness, is not the least prominent. Well this same sharpsighted people have had these said specimens of the human species under their view both before and after they have been under the hands of Dr. Nixon. And most certainly beyond a very peculiar antique cut of the outer garments, and in some instances a very marked gravity and stiffness of gait and feature ; .to call it puritanical would be most malignant and abomi- nable heresy—No; they are suggestive of the nobler and more classic models of Rome and Loyola. Beyond these ' ' outward and visible signs,' ' we are not aware that this community, with all its known perspicacity and shrewdness, have been able to discover any very remarkable difference between the antecedents and the consequents of these veritable recipients of Episcopal ' grace. Unless indeed we fall back far beyond the days of Bacon, and the inductive philosophy—of Luther and the Reformation, which by the way are ob- jects of special abhorrence to the Anglicans, as rationalistic and utilitarian, and with the school- men of the dark ages, adopt the hypothesis of occult causes, or rather in this case occult effects, throw- ing the five senses overboard, and trusting entirely to the imagination.—Unless we take this course, there is absolutely nothing to which we can appeal, as evidence of these supramundane powers. But, however difficult it may be for ordinary men to do justice to these invisible and intangible attri- butes of an Apostolical Bishop, it is easy to see with what reverence and awe they must impress those who can receive them as verities. And how perilously intoxicating it must be for any mere mortal to be the object of such sentiments. The man, before being linked on to this wonderful succession, may he a very common-place character, but once the change has been made, and the lawn sleeves and apron on, he swells and struts in all the fancied consequence of a demi-god. And all who hold by Anglican Catholicity ,including always, of course, a liberal proportion of the weaker sex, bow down and worship him. That this is not mere burlesque, but nearly literal truth, must be known to every one who is in any degree acquainted with the writings, or the ordinary conversation of the party. Obey your Bishop is a standing phrase, and is to the Anglican what read your Bible is to the Protestant. The bishop indeed fairly takes the place of the bible - hence the rage for multiplying and diffusing bishops. Bible societies and whatever leans to. wards the right of private judgment are in shocking disrepute. They are placed in the same category with Cromwell and the Roundheads, and by every genuine Anglican loathed and eschewed in the same proportion. The whole of their system turns upon authority as opposed to man's thinking and judging for himself—that authority is in the bishop, and if you are over-curious to know the reasons for it, you are instantly told that you mast not reason—but obey. The great object is to get the laity in this way bound neck and heel, by the authority of the bishop, to get the freedom of their minds, their judging and reasoning faculties tho- roughly incarcerated in what is, in reality, the old Romish dogma of the infallibility of a Pope. The fact of a party holding such sentiments In the nineteenth century is strange enough, and gives rise to many interesting enquiries as to its cause. As far as the party is zealous and active, it is easily understood as a natural reaction from the state of deadness and apathy which preceded it. But the difficulty is the direction which that reac- tion has taken. It is running violently backward into the very darkness and absurdity from which the reformation and the general progress of man- kind in science and art had delivered us. One thing is made evident by it, the fact, namely, (which had been often alleged), that there are certain Popish elements or tendencies in the Eng- lish Episcopal Church which require to be elimi- nated before it can be pronounced thoroughly Pro testant. This calls for a new analysis and recon- struction of its parts. We cordially agree with Dr. Fry that the laity must be parties to all such changes. For if they are left to the Bishops, it cannot be doubted what the result will be. That the laity have a scriptural right to have their share in such proceedings has been most certainly established by what was done in the First Council at Jerusalem, as Dr. Fry has well shewn. Nothing can be more futile or sophistical than the manner in which Mr. Cox, in his letter to the Courier has sought to explain away the passage in the Acts of the Apostles. But on this and other points of the subject, the length to which this letter has been carried, forbids me to enter. Meanwhile it concerns every true friend of the Protestant Church of England to stand forth at the present crisis, to aid in rescuing it from the perilous and too apparent designs of the Romanizing party. Dr. Fry deserves the gratitude of every true hearted Protestant for the manner in which, both at Adelaide and now in this colony, he has sought to rouse the attention of the community to the deep and fatal designs of these equivocal and amphibious men, who are doing the service of Rome, while they are wearing the livery and receiving the pay of a Protestant Church— men who cast the doctrine of Justification by Faith—the doctrine of " a standing or a falling Church" into the shade—and will it be credited —circulate the Apocrypal writings in its stead ! ! Shades of Latimer and Jewell !—how would, you stand aghast at your degenerate descendants ! Is this really the final result of the Reformed Church of England ? Is it really come to this, that the fable of Bel and the Dragon is to over-ride the great doctrine for which Paul, under the impulse of inspiration, so gloriously contended, and which shines as a star of the first magnitude on the pages of Revelation.-I am, &c;, Clio. 