SOFALA CHURCH. SINCE the last report the labour of erecting this building has been constantly maintained. The Bishop of Sydney has been on the ground during several hours of every day, instructing and encouraging those who are employed in the building, and not unfrequently taking part in the operations. The progress has been very rapid. The supports of the building are all firmly erected, and all the other portions of it have been prepared, so that a very short space of time will suffice to arrange them in their proper places. On Sunday, the 9th instant, the roof was temporarily formed of canvas, temporary seats were arranged, the reading-desk and communion-table were in their places, and the lineaments of a complete church were evidently discernible. In the morning many more attended than could find accommodation, and the sight of crowds around the building earnestly endeavouring to take part in the holy services, which was being solemnized within, was highly interesting and full of encouragement. In the afternoon, the numbers, though not quite so numerous as before, were I yet sufficient almost to fill the interior. The Rev. H. A. Palmer read prayers, and the Bishop preached on both occasions. Notice I was given of the intended opening of the Church with due formality on Thursday the 16th, and of the administration of the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Supper at 9, A.N. At the appointed time the Bishop arrived at the church. The first proceedmg was that of dedicating it to its appointed use which was simply done by the Bishop in his robes ascend- ing to the ridge of the building, at the east end, having the symbol of the cross which was to be placed over it. The minister the Rev. H. A. Palmer in his vestments, and the congrega- tion were assembled below. The Bishop placed the cross erect in its intended position, and, with a few strokes of the hammer, fixed it securely there. It was a moment of intense interest. Then he " said, " I set apart and dedicate this building for the worship of God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, by the name of Christ Church and humbly implore Almighty God to accept this act of duty and service for the sake of Jesus Christ our Lord and Saviour: Amen." The Bishop then descended, and the opening in the roof through which he had ascended was closed. All these proceedings were most admirably arranged, and were completed without any error or interruption. Im- mediately the sound of the church-going bell was heard for the first time in this remote and extraordinary region. At the conclusion of morning service, the Bishop preached on Mark x\\\, 25, " And it was the third hour, and they crucified him." He brought under their notice one point of contrast that eighteen centuries ago, the ad- versaries of the gospel about the third hour (which corresponded with our nine o'clock in the morning had nailed Jesus to the cross in detestation of his character and doctrine about the same hour we had set up the sign of the cross in acknowledgment of Christ cruel- . feel as the Redeemer of the world and were preparing to partake of those solemn mysteries which he instituted and ordained as pledges of his love, and for the continual remembrance of his death. The next thing worthy of notice was not a contrast but a correspondence, The primate c Christians, as soon as ever the fires of persecution ceased to burn, and Christians could venture from the dark caves in which, to avoid the snares of death, they had been compelled to sing hymns to Christ 08 God, from that instant lifted up the sign of the cross by which cometh salvation, to show- its fair from above the roof of ever j temple which they possessed or could, obtain liberty to build. He showed that the cross was not to them a barren emblem ; but that by it they were crucified unto the world and the world unto them. So must it be to us. The same course of observation was pursued as to the Holy Sacrament then about to be administered ; shewing that it was an outward visible sign of that which is spiritually but verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful only in the Lord's Supper ; so that God is the real ruler of all their thoughts, words, and notions, guiding and governing their heart; and the true Christian is literally the servant and child of the Father, and the friend of Christ to whom he lives, and not unto the world or the flesh. The sermon, which occupied about twenty minutes in delivering, was attentively listened to by the compat albeit few (we regret to observe who were present at the service. At the conclusion of it the workmen resumed their labour; an f it is expected that the building will be completed by the end of next week. A Committee was appointed at a public meeting last week, through whose efforts it is hoped that" the expense of the building, amounting to about £180, will be collected. The Bishop of Sydney in the afternoon proceeded towards Louisa Creek, Mudgee, and Ophir, and afterwards to Carcoar on his way to Wagga Wagga, Edward's River, and Albury, from which town he will not return till towards the end of January, 1852. 