The Raco foy First Spear. B* MABTKH H.uinT. Glorious reign ot hog hunting '. must ITO then ohroniclo thoo as a thing that is past ? nnd oh t ! my tried and trusty spears, aro yo doomed to rust on yonder wall for ever nnd ii day ? and thou, my gallant groy ¡-must tho days once passed in " boaring," now bo spent in being *. bored i" tho happy hours of "spearing," in " spornns ^ tnoliora Î Such «ero the thoughts that ag!tilted tho ruffled breast of Captain Mao Curry, as-ho sat in tho verandah of his bungalow, putting his aftor-break laat cheroot. Hu looked upon what was onco a gardon ; whero now, nins ! in ono short night, owing to tho mischievously horti- cultural disposition of a wild boar, rosos, pinks, and tulips, lay indiscriminately mingled with ! cabbage Btumps and potatoo tops. " Uy tho ghost of Molengor, tho princo of boar hunters, thou shalt ho avenged, my gar don," exclaimed tho captain, " or thoro is no vlrtuo tn - 1 " Orders ! Snib," chimed In tho Jemidar, np I nearing ut tho inetant with tho orderly book in his hand. I " Orders bo -. Hold I gallant, tnt dingy I warrior.jsjqrder my syco to look well to tho 1 horses'nwt ¡ toko n dozen men, and endeavour to discover the enemy that lins dona ino thia harm. Should you bo successful- no drills or parades for a fortnight.- Vanish !'* Tho dingy warrior gono, our hero turned i ngain to his palo alo and cheroots. " Yes," muttered ho, after omitting a cloud of smoko that would havo douo credit toa steam ongine, " 1 will havo a hog-huntiug party ;" and rcnohitig ono of tho spear* from olf tho wall, ho mada a gallnut and desporato charco nt >a hugo nrm chair, mid as tho glittering point perforated I the horse-hair bottom, ttio grin that illuminated his countenance, showed tho joy that irradiated lils heart. Tho warlike mission of tho sepoys was suc- cessful, and the, wotd was but a short precursor of tho deed. Zach and all lionHting a nag and a ICiiropuun extraction, within twenty milos, wera invited to particípalo in Captain Mao Curry's revengo. The ovontful muming arrived, and with it ns stnunah a handful of Plgstlckors ns ever emptied n bottlo of alo, or fleshed a maldon spear. Ono of tho arrivals might havo scon seventeen summers, sud emblematic of his " greenness," sported a J.liicoln-groen shooting coat, with Urumnmgem gilt huttons ; a pair of leathon and tops encased his lower extremities ; whilst a bluo UlrdVeye and a white beaver did duty in tho attics. He was mounted on a splay little Arab, whose accoutrements bespoke a fortnight's wonr, and, finally, ito held a spear in ono hand, as uncomfortably as ho held tho reins in tho other. His companion was his most ilondly rival t nno imported in tho samo ship, and about na toual curiosity. His toggery, on tho present occasion, consisted of what ho deemed to be that of n modern fox hunter, viz. : a scarlet coat, having very much tho appoaranco of ono that had " done duty in tho army," but now stripped of all its " endearing o/d charms ;'. with the further addenda of wluto cords and et ce toms. " Why you locomotivo rainbows," exclaimed tho Captain, what on earth aro you going after in that tvim ? you'd p lt an army of rhinoceroses to flight, leavo aluno wild hoars " '. I'll turn mino inside-out,'' muttered ho of tho red, " it is a rusty brown on thu other side !" ? . . . . Everything having nt length hoon satisfac- torily arranged, off started tho party ¡ nor were they long before thc came on two swinish gentío men, pursuing their usual occupation of garden- ing after their own peculiar fashion. At tho sight of tho *' grunter*,'' tho martial ardour of tho aforesaid Arah, or his " peru " rider was tired, and making a sudden and ill-judged rush nt a boar-dthe spear's point glittered an instant in thqfl^Bhi thc next instant it caught tho .implofl^HWf tho shooting coat in which our hero wnVtmVclopod, and firmly transfixed him to tho ground, within a yard of tho boar, where, to prevent mi-hap, ho was loft alono in his glory ; and tho pig himself, having indulged in n hearty laugh at tho prostrato fou, pursued his onward course. "Hold hard now-givo them time-another instant-keep thit infernal mnn-cator of yours quiet-now then, my tulips ! let 'om go ! and devil tnko tim hindmost !" exclaimed tho cager Captain, mid thu next moment tho field thun- dered madly forwards. " Hurrah ! they keep straight for tho open ! there aro not tim c fellows will seo those porker* dio ! but look, one turns !" 'tis but for an in- stant to " reconnoitre hlspursucrV which being done, he again settles down to his gallop, deter- mined, if die he must, to die game. Ah ! there's that cunning old Doctor taking a lino of his own again." exclaims one, seeing a " canny Scot," who trustod moro to luck than anything clso, splirting full pelt of! to tho flank, "but, please tho pigs, he'll bo out this time." " Away ! away ! how tho gaping cotton ground Hies from under us ! ah ! lio turns-tho Doctor will havo tho spear, by Jovo ! Curso his luck now he lins him-no ! he strikes short ! mid his horse-seo! seo! ho rears -ho staggers-ho falls ! and the Doctor under him ! ! Turn, quick ns lightning, or ho gains tho bamboos. Ile has tasted blood, by all that's swinish.'' " Halloa, Doctor, how's tho nag V " Dying-that infernal pig has cost mo tho best Arab that was over foaled." And there lay tho poor beast in thc agony, his flank ripped open, and his bowols hanging out. " Now, thou, you Uttlo beauties ! you stout- hearted little steeds of tho desert, do your work 1 how bravely thc boars hold their own -they still keep to tho open, and aro as fresh as four-year olds, " What ! only throe remaining out of tho gal- lant field of twelve that started ? detur meliori bo their motto, mid sharp work they'll havo1 of it, ere their return to cantonments." " They hiuk, hy Jupiter ! mark how thoy gain on them-and now again they're off, but tho distance between tho quarry and their hunters ls reduced to a dozen yards : again they put on thc high pressure system, and start ahead-alas ! lt is but the expiring effort of nnturo in a nohlo foo. Ono slackens lor a moment to charge, but it is too late, on either side th > spear points glitter in his eyes 1 -Another instant, and thoy havo thom !" " Now grey ! now bay ! ! " Cliargo, Choäter, chargo ! on, Stanley, on !" ono utrillo moro, and then Kendor, I'll bot yo» a dozen, tnko your choteo! . . . . ? 