ORIGINAL POETRY THE CHINAMAN TRANSMOGRIFIED A GOATISH TALE WITH A SLIGHT SHADE OF THE SHEEPISH "The murmuring tide was falling fast, and sultry was the day, A barque upon a sand-bank stuck, not far from Moreton Bay; Her deck was full of China slaves, - for B & B & Co. ; Long had they been at sea detained, and now their grub was low. Strange tales of plague and cholera dire in Brisbane were rife:- Twas told how these poor Chow-chows - each was weary of his life ; And what with hunger and disease, t'was said, they dwindled fast. And when they died, to save expense, were in the river cast. Our coroner, of habits swift, on mercy's purpose bent, Embark'd him in the customs boat, and towards the vessel went; But on their way a form was seen, as evening shades grew dark, Upon, the river's floating tide, besot by many a shark. And towards the corse the boat was steer'd, while every bosom beat, To think how poor "Celestials" thus became for fishes meat; All swore it was a fearful sin, poor Chow-chows thus to bury, Without a coffin or a shroud, so near public ferry! And Mr. T. grew pale with fear, and, quaking every limb, - By G-, says he, let's halt awhile, and sing a little hymn! So pulling out a flask of wine, and Book of Common Prayer, He did his best to nerve his mind to bear the sad affair. With throbbing pulse they nearer drew, and, through the gloaming light, They pausing, gazed, with noses held, upou the hideous sight, A dark and mangled mass it lay upon the heaving tide, And-strange to say-a horned ghost upon it seemed to ride. How should they act? It would not do to take it in the boat,- To catch infection and a smell;-and yet, if left to float A few more hours, the sharks would end the meal they had begun,- An inquest would be lost, and they would lose the fees and fun. In this dilemma long debating, they resolved, at last, In Chow-chow's "human form divine" to stick the boat-hook fast,- With line attached;-at distance kept, to tow him thus to land, A formal inquest hold, and then inter him in the sand. And now they pull and tug and haul, and strain each creaking oar, To get delivered of their charge, and gain the welcome shore. Tis gained! - On terra flrma now the crew and captain tread, Each took a dram, and said a prayer, then pull'd ashore the dead. With lighted torch uplighted high, and nestling close together, - (For men and masters in this case displayed a whitish feather), - They drew around poor China's form, and gazed upon the corse, Then turn'd and laugh'd, and shook and roar'd, until they all were hoarse. And well they might, for after all their terrors in the boat. The fancied Chow-chow's corse turned out - a drowned billy-goat! Here drops the curtain on the farce:- I've only room to hope. That here they will not stop their work, but use the hook and rope. Upon the hundred roaming goats about our town that run, And, I, for one, will wish them luck, and join them in their fun. FREDERICK. North Brisbane, March 5th. 1851 