CONTRIBUTIONS FROM HOME. No. XLVIII. June 12, 1851. NOT the least interesting characteristic of the Crystal Palace is, that all ranks and degrees of our countrymen are from day to day moving across it like slides across the magic lan thorn. Before the reduction in the prices of admis- sion you saw few except carriage visitants, and then you might overhear an occasional gentleman of a turn for appraising people’s ap- parel and appendages as they stood, speculat- ing as to what might be the value of all the people’s clothes, watches, and jewellery, at any one moment covered with this glass roof. As a most extraordinary assemblage of culti- vated people, elegantly dressed women, and well dressed men, this first appearance of the Crystal Palace company was no doubt deeply interesting. But the changes which the shil- ling charge has brought are at least of equal interest. First the thousands of the middling or tradesman class made their appearance ; next the artizans, and yesterday, as well as this day, in defiance of bad weather, we had many hundreds of agriculturists, farmers, and labourers, the latter mostly in smock frocks. I considered that a few minutes were not un- profitably spent in watching the country countenances as they entered at either side of the transept. The open mouths, the dilated eyes, the confounded and bewildered condition of many of these simple beings, at the sight of such an unexpected, undreamt of universe of art and beauty, afforded a rich treat to the townsmen. What was the state of these rural minds, the faces—not usually too strongly marked with intelligence, were probably a fair index. Some of these agriculturists had men- tally swooned off into a kind of ecstacy, and as they recovered, you might plainly trace “ their new birth” into the beautiful. Many wandered about in rapt astonishment : to some few, perhaps, as Keats says — A thing of beauty, it a joy for ever ; but the most distinct sign of coming-to in others, was the alacrity with which, as they recovered their senses, they rushed from such things as the Greek Slave to the agricultural implements. Do I despise them for that ? Cer- tainly not. It was natural that they should look for the new in those things with which they were most familiar, just as an intelligent attorney might run over, —not entirely without interest—a Chinese “ bill of costs.” But ladies and gentlemen, traders, artisans, and agriculturists, are not all the samples of British character now recognisable beneath the glass roof. By no means. The other day, the eyes of the orthodoxly pious might have rested with complacency upon the respectable sanctimonious countenance, the shovel hat, the black silk apron, and sleek superfices of one of England’s Bishops. At least you would have called him a bishop, as I did. How contem- plative, how studious, how very much attracted to those interesting objects which drew the largest crowds of respectable looking British curiosity together. A most observant and philosophical bishop ; so much so, that an ad- miring Sergeant of Police dodges him about, in and out, quite fascinated by the sight of this delightful ecclesiastic. Presently, the Sergeant walks up to the right reverend, and says, “ My lord, good morning.” How curious ! His lordship starts at this civil address, as old Hamlet’s ghost might have done at the first snif of morning air. “ My lord,” continues the Sergeant, “ I think, I have had the honour of seeing your lordship before. If your lord- ship has no very pressing business here, just at present, I will trouble your lordship to come with me into the open air. It will agree better with you than this place.” So saying, our Sergeant, in bantering mood, to the astonish- ment of a few, but to the amusement of most of us, leads forth this meek bishop, who with- draws from his investigations without a murmur. “ Who’d have thought it,” cries one ; “ such a respectable looking vagabond too ; the Bishop of London himself never looked the bishop better.” “ What fellows those Detectives are,” says another. “ Dis- guises won’t go down with them.” On another occasion, a French pickpocket was taken into custody, quite a gentleman in appearance, (I was told, by one who saw him), but a Parisian policeman bore down upon him, and claimed his countryman as an old acquaintance. What a harvest would the light fingered fra- ternity have had, but for the picked police of every country in Europe, wandering about over every part of this vast building, and in every variety of disguise, countermining the arts of the thieves, by art even finer than their own. Still pour in the additions to this overwhelm- ing sight. How vain is it to attempt at pre- sent, any systematic or arranged notice of the infinitely various objects. The catalogues are as yet all masses of confusion, and but of little use. The daily articles in the newspapers, are merely desultory and disconnected notices of such things as seem most to strike the indi- vidual writers. Our time is consumed in gra- tifying the eye, and the complete means of classification are not yet at hand. Even in this, the sixth week, all is still excitement. Sobriety and calm dwelling upon particular parts are necessary for the composition of a good catalogue, and nobody yet seems to be calm enough to study any one thing with patience. A few papers back, I told you how far from completion were the French, and yet how rapidly were they completing. I again visited their portion of the gallery to-day, and was astonished at the gorgeousness, exquisite taste, and infinitely various beauty of their Lyonese manufactures. The designs, colours, and tex- ture of the silks of the Spitalfields trophy are no doubt very fine, but they do not stand a comparison with the French works. The Lyonese indeed, seem to have attained perfec- tion in their silks and plushes. After Lyons, other countries, as Austria, Belgium, Prussia, &c.;, look only respectable in such fabrics. In velvets, however, Genoa and Turin, are at least quite equal to France. The crimson, green, peuce, claret-coloured, cerulean, and bloom-of- plum-coloured, (I really know not what else to call it) velvets of Ciuchizola, of Genoa, I do not believe will ever be surpassed by human art. Guillot and Co., of Turin and Genoa, have also a beautiful production of this kind, stripes of flower-patterned white lace, alter- nated with, or let in upon (as one continuous fabric) a ground of dark blue velvet of the richest pile. I can imagine what a sensation a dress of this kind would create at Govern- ment House. Since my last visit to the French, they have come out also very strong in painted glass windows for churches. Their lace too, is very good ; and if I may mention such things to you, as to a confessional, I would say that I never saw ladies’ stays in perfection until I saw these Parisian stays. No gussets, or bu ks, or bones, or any of the old abominations, as hard and inflexible as park-palings ; no ; all as soft and rounded as the wearers. What a number of imaginative men, and critical women, paused before those wonderful stays. Some few old ladies considered this improper, as I thought, and passed on to matters more abstract. And abundance of these may be seen in close proximity with the above. We are certainly a pretty set of fellows, to talk so complacently as we often do—in the depth of our insulated conceit - about the French being a light and frivolous people. Look at the chemicals of France - look at her agricultural implements, and chemical appliances, for the soil ; her ma- chines for washing, cleansing, and combing wool, and the snow white samples washed therewith. Then, I could never tire over their hydraulic, acoustic, and optical inventions, —their noctographs, or instruments for writing in the dark ; their rotatory air pumps ; hygro- meters, and their various models of electro- motive power. Nor must I forget their ali- mentary preserves in French cooking—Moses Joseph attend !—their gelatine and alimentary pastes. I pass quickly by their surgical instru- ments, for amputations, cataracts, trepanning, and lithotrity, for I never can look upon such things—exquisitely scientific as they are— without feeling them go through me in every direction. I protest to you, I was obliged to take a turn amongst their flutes, violins, bugles, French horns, and pianos, some of which latter were in full play, before I could effectually get those cutting and probing horrors out of me. Such a world-wide renown have our Gallic neighbours acquired, in clocks, watches, cande- labras, and elegant jewellery, and fancy work of every description, that it seems almost superfluous to refer to them in a department in which they confessedly triumph over all the rest of the Crystal Palace. I pass, therefore, their marquetrie, their furniture, and their “ dear little boots and shoes,” (as I heard a lady call sundry satin Cinderella-looking things, ) and shall in my next more specially dwell upon an important French invention, which must soon be of great benefit to all the nations of the earth. _______________________________________ FREE PARDONS.-His Excellency the Gover- nor-General has directed it to be notified that Her Majesty has granted free pardons to the undermentioned individuals, viz ; - James Adams, per Marquis of Huntley ; Thomas Gunning, per Surry, 2. DEAD HOUSE, SYDNEY INFIIIMAUY.-His Exccllcnsy the Governor-General has di- rected it to be notified for general information, that arrangements have been made with the committee of the Sydney Infirmary, In Mac quarie-street, for the use of a room "iii that in- stitution, for the temporary reception of the, bodies of persons found Scad. I 