Ills Excellency was to leave KiJlymoon, the residence of P. L. Von Sticglitz, Esq., to day, for Malahidc, the seat of the Honourable B. G. Talbot ; and to return to Campbell Town in time to meet with Sir. Lord's hounds on Monday. Ills Excellency, in reply to the application of tlie Female Emigration Committee has expressed his approval of tlicir proceedings, and deputed to them, in communication with Captain King, the emigration officer, control over their disposal of the Female Emigrants, and has directed their charge to be defrayed from the land fund. YESTERDAY, a very highly respectable preliminary meeting was held at Mcsgtr and Bassiian's Hotel, Argyle-street, when it was resolved unanimously that a meeting of the friends of Sir William Dcuison's Government should be held at the same Hotel, on Saturday next, at two o'clock, for the purpose of adopting the following Address to His Excellency on his return to the scat of government:— Hobart Town, August ,1851. Sir,- We whose names areattached to this Ad iress, residing in Hi.bnrt Town and its vicinity, desire to congratulate you on your return to this tlie Seat ot' Government. Without permitting, even for a moment, the bitterness of political strife to connect itself with the expression of these our congratulations, we may be allowed to add. tlmt the zeal for the'Queen "a service, and which is but another jihrnse for it— the exertions of your. Excellency to tier dope the resources of this rising Colony, nnd the toil, regulated by n well ordered abilitv, which you linve, in the management of the Public W orks of this Colony invariably displayed, ore by us gratefully appreciated "We trust that the day is dislant when we shall have to speak of your goiernmint as a matter of history: and that her Majesty, in the grucious exercise of her power, regardin" the wishes of the loynl portion of this community, may Jong continue you here as her Representative, serving ulike her Majesty's interests, and those of her faithful subjects residing in this part of ber dominions. IF we take it for granted, that in j accordance with the pre.vailing opinion, ! transportation lias ceased, and that the 1 rumour upon which the belief is founded I turns out to be correct, notwithstand- ! ing the discredit which the emissaries of faction arc systematically endeavour-1 ing to cast upon tlitf good tidings for I transparent reasons, those gentlemen, like good sportsmen, BOLMH to prefer the | chacc to the game, and to be positively I angry with Earl Grey for his cruelty I in depriving them of a grievance. ' " Othello's occupation's gone." Aus-' tralian Leagues, star-spangled banners, ' Presidencies, Agencies, Delegationships, self devotion at yari ous prices from £400 a year and upwards, monster meetings against the government of which a fourth is made up of spectators from Government officers, must vanish, as Carlyle says, " wild (-bricking into infinite space," like ghosts at cock-crow. One or two prison ships arc yet ou their way,—but they arc the posthumous births of the defunct monster. We at least will never regret the share which wc have taken in co- operating tov. a.i Jss this much desired consummation, for we have never closed our eyes, nor sought to close those of others to the consequences of the part which we took in opposing thesystem.of transportation. Wc have no wish to draw the stakes now that the game has gone (as we conceive it) in our favour. We have never attempted to conceal that the material interests of this colony must undergo a " heavy blow and great discouragement," from the sudden cessation of the system of transportation, more especially at the present moment. We have stated, as so many others with equal justice and sincerity have stated, in speeches, pamphlets, and newspaper dissertations innumerable, that we were ready to sacrificc those materia! interests to our moral interests; and wc certainly shall not complain that we are taken at our word. Whatever sacrifices the times may exact, wc ask for gradual abolition as little to day as we did yesterday. Who would ask to be drawn gradually out of a consuming fire, or relieved piecemeal of a mortifying limb? The best tiling, therefore, that wc can now do is to open our eyes at once to the disadvantages as well as to the advantages of our position; and to make the necessary provision, so far as in us lies, for meeting them. Wc should not allow our difficulties to take us by surprise. The people have gained the day at last, and like most " famous victories" it is attended with disagreeable appeals to the exchequer, and enquiries as to what good came of it at last?" Such consequences are apt to be as unpopular at the reckoning which sometimes arrives to infuse its hitters into the concluding sweets of a convivial entertainment. However, they are most to be dreaded when they come without warning ; and wc therefore, venture to bespeak for them the timely consideration of the members of the League, and others whom it may concern. There are certainly, one or twoclasscs among them, who will not deem them matters of very grave consideration. There is one (not indeed a very numerous class) which consists of a few individuals whose pecuniary position, in reference to that of the surrounding mass of the community is so secure^7 and pre-eminently elevated, that, standing upon the spoils of the convict system, they may hope to look down in conscious safety ou a prevailing distress which will serve only to waft the rich alluvial of fresh deposits to increase their own elevation, so long as its troubled waters do not presume to approach their level. There is another class, unfortunately, more numerous, whose sacrifices at their country's shrine are all made at other people's cxpence, and who require no consolation to support them under this vicarious species of self devotion. Then again, there arc others who thank heaven! are foreigners, and who of course have no more interest in the abstract welfare of the colony than in that of Monomatapa or of Tongataboo. We admit that wc have no hold over these gentlemen. There is not the slightest reason why tliey should care about us. As a well-known character in one of Dickens' works observes, " some people are Roosians, and others are Praosians • they are born so, and may please themselves." But there are many who have taken an active share in the Auti- tram.portation contest, who do not comc under any of these denominations ; av.d to these,wc believe itto be most important! to understand both our actuol :;c' o'tr • probable position, and to on: ip both sides of the accouut. There is certainly matter for serious consideration. We have delivered ourselves from future impositions of a social burthen and a national disgrace. This is the fair side of the ledger. If we turn to the dark 6ide, wc encounter the evils, simultaneous and mutually productive, of diminished income, and diminished supply of labour; the candle burning at both ends, the price of labour advancing, owing to the peculiar circuinstanccs of the ease, as the means which enable us to defray its price, recede. The reductions of large convict establishments, the withdrawall of numerous and profitable contracts, and the proximate cessation of the annual grant of'25,000/ from the Imperial Government towards the maintenance of gaol and policc, arc indeed rude consccutive shocks which the colonial revenue and resources must cxpcct tssiis'ain. But even their effect will be found less serious upon the advancement of an infant colony, than the withdrawal of that constant and regular supply of labour which is the lifespring of such a community. The system must indeed be reduced where the supplies of sustenance avecut off at the same moment that the veins are drained. And to complete ourfiuaucial and economic difficulties, this vast reduction, both of our resources and of the means of replenishing them, is carried into offeet at the very monent when it must tell most severely, when the discovery of gold in a neighbouring colon}' has at once raised the pricc, increased the demaud, and diminished the supply of labour in this colony, when it threatens daily to deepen its drain upon our labour-market and to divert, by a broader channel the current of emigration to our shores. These are the rough outlines of a sketch of our actual condition, which might easily be filled up by reference to the statistics of the colony, and which is calculated to awaken the most serious thoughts in those who represent our commercial and agricultural interests the more that its features are considered. llowover inclined wc may be to dwell on the brighter portions of the landscape, it is our duty as well as our interest to look our gathering embarassinents full in the face. If the demagogues and agitators of the public mind in this colony have organized any practical means of relieving the difficulties which their calumnics and declamations have so materially contributed to increase, it is time that we should know it. If on the other hand, our social and financial system has arrived at such a condition, that relief has come too late, and that we have attained that crisis in the affairs of a nat ion in which it can neither bear its evils nor their remedies, let us know that ton. The worst that wc have to apprehend is from our own supinencss aud nogl'vt. The time has come which suggcstsotlier cares and employments to all who iiavc anything to lose than polemics and personalities. A little more neglect of our own true interests, for the profit of a single class, and that the most worthless among us—a little mosc indulgence in the delights of faction, of which the ruin of public credit and the consumption of the public resources must pay the reckoning ; and we may well expect that our poverty Bball come as one that travclleth, and our want as an armed man. Wc speak in seriousness, but not in despondency, still less in despair. We have every confidence in the good sense and firmness of the colony, we have every confidence in the iron will and recuperative energy of the rscofrom which thoy spring. What- ever popular illusions may have existed, are now fast vanishing, as he who runs may read. We believe that the safety of the colony, may still be secured by a regular and constant supply of free emigration,drawn from a better classand .conducted on more enlarged principles than have hitherto prevailed. Wc believe that the future well being, we may even add the existence, of this colony is cast upon that die in the absence of forced labour. Such a system of emigration-as wc have already shown, in an abridgement of an extremely able article in the Edinburgh Review, which appeared some time ago in these columns, can only be conducted with the administrative aud pecuniary co- operation of the Home Government. We shall not fail to give the fullest consideration lo this vital subject; and to co-operate to the utmost extent of our limited abilities, in endeavouring to secure the interests of the colony in this respect. We trust that we shall find ourselves united in this effort with many with whom we have differed on other questions, and with the entire press of this colony without destinction of party, ond that no variance of opinion will be allowed to militate against the co-operation of those who are animated by one common interest, and overshadowed by one impending danger. 