A SCENE IN JOHN BULL'S PARLOUR. Mrs Bull and her rising family were seated round the fire, on a November evening at dusk, when all was mud, mist, and darkness cut of doors, and a good deal of fog had even got into the family parlour. To say the truth, the parlour was ou no occasion fog proof, and had, at divers notable times, been so misty as to cause the whole Buil family to grope about, in a most confused mauner, and make the strangest mistakes- But, there was an excellent ventilator over tlie famiiy fire-place (not one of Dr Arnott's, though it was of the same clasf, being an excellent invention, called Common Sense), and hence though the fog was apt to get into the parlour through a variety of chinks, it soon got out again, and left the Bulls at liberty to see what o'clock it was, by the solid, steady-going, family time-piece: which went remarkably well in the long * un, though it was apt at times to be a trifle loo slow. Mr Buil was dozing in his easy chair, with his pocket-handkerchief drawn over his head. Mrs Bull, always industrious, was hard at work, knitting The children were grouped in various attitudes around the fire. Master C. J. London (called after his Godfather) who had been rather late at his exercise, sat with his chin resting, in something of a thoughtful and penitententiai manner^on his slate end his slate on his knees. Young Jonathan—a cousin of the little Bulls, and a noisy overgrown lad—was making a trenienauous uproar across the yard, with a new plaything. Occasionally, when his noise reached the ears of Mr Bull, the good gentleman moved impatiently in his chair, and muttered ' Con—found that boy in the stripes, I wish he wouldn't make Such a fool of himself !* ' He'll quarrel with hi* new toy soon, I know,* obseivcd thediscieet Mrs Liull, 'and then he'll begin to knock it about. But we mustn't expect to find old heads on young shoulders.' •That can't be, Ma,'said Master C. J. London, who was a sleek, shining faced boy. * And why, then did you expect to find au old . head on Young England's shoulders ?' retorted Mrs Bull, turning qtiickiy on him. 4 1 didn't expect t'» find an old head on Young England's shoulders?' Cried Master C. J. London, pulling his left-hand knuckles to his right eye. You didn't expect it you naughty boy ?' said Mrs Bull. •No!' whimpered Master C. J. London, ' I am sure I never did. Oh, oh. oh!' ' Dont go on in that way, don't!' said Mrs Bull, but behave better, in future What did you mean by playisig with Young England at all ?' ' I didn't mean any harm !' cried Master C. J. London applying, in his increased distress, the knuckles of his right hand to his right eye, and the knuckles of his left hand to his left eye. * I dare say you didn't 1' returned Mrs Bull. ' Hadn't you had warning enough, about playing with candles and candlesticks ? How often had you been told that your poor father's house, long before you weie born, was in danger of being reduced to ashes by candles and candlesticks ? And when Young England and his companions began to put their shirts on, over their clothes, and to play all scrts of fantastic tricks in them, why didn't you come and tell your poor father and me like a dutiful C. J. London?' •Because tlie Rubric—* Master C J. London was beginning when Mrs Bull took him up'short. * Don't talk to me about tbe Rubric, or you'll make it worse!' said Mrs Bull, shaking her-head at him. * Ju^t exactly what the Rubric meant (hen, it means now; and just exactly what it didn't mean then, it don't mean now. You are taught to act according to the spirit, not the letter; and you know what its spirit must be, or you wouldn't be. No, C. J. London!' said Mrs Bull, emphatically. ' if there were any candles or candlesticks in the spirit of your lesson-book. Master Wiseman would have been my boy, and not you!' Here Master C. J. London fell a crying more grievously than before, sobbing, ' Oh. Ma! Master Wiseman with his red legs, your boy! Oh. oh, oh P * Will you be quiet,* returned Mrs Bull, ' and let your poor father rest ? I am ashamed of you. You to 20 and play with a parcel of sentimental girls, and dandy boys! Is that your bringing up? 4 * I didn't know they were fond of Master Wiseman,' protested Master C J. London, still cryine. * You didn't know, Sir!' retorted Mrs Bull. < Don't tell me ! Then you ought to have known. Other people knew. You were told often enough at the time what it would come to. You .didnt't want a ghost, I suppose, to warn you that when they get to candles, they'd get to lighting -em; and that when they began to put their shirts on outside, and to play at monks and 'friars, it was as natural that Master Wiseman should be encouraged to put 01a a pair of red stockings, and a red hat, and to commit I don't know what other T\>m-foo!eries and make a perfect Guy Fawkes of himself in more ways~than one. Is it because you are a Bull that you are not to be roused till they shake scarlet close to your very eyes?' said Mrs Bull indignantly. Master C.-J. London istiU repeating «Ob, ob, oh!' in a very plaintive manner, screwed his knuckles into his eyes until there appeared considerable danger of his screwing his ey<*s out of his head. But little John (who though of a spare figure wasavery spirited boy), started up from the bench on which he sat; gave Mr C. J. London a heartypat on the back (accompanied, however with a slight poke in the ribs) ; and told him that if Master Wiseman or Young England, or any of those fellows, wanting anything for himself, he ! little John 1 was the boy to give it him. Hereupon Mrs Bull, who was always proud of the child, and always had been sicne his measure was firsttaken for an entirely new suit of clothes lo wear in Common, could not refrain from catching him up on her knee and kissing him with great affection, whilst the whole family expressed their delight in various significant ways. « You are a noble boy, little John,' said Mrs Bull with a mother's pride, ( and that's the fact, after eveiything is said aiiddone!' ' 1 don't know about that, Ma;' quoth tittle John, whose blo id was evidently wp ; * but if these chaps and their backers, the Bulls of Rome'— Here Mr Bull..who was only half asleep, kicked out in snch an alarming manner thnt for some seconds bis boots gyrated fitfully all over the family hearth, filling the whole circle with consternation. Eor when Mr Boll did kick, his kick was tremendous. And he always kicked, when the Ball* of Rome were mentioned. * Mrs Bull holding up her finger as an injunction to the children to keep quiet, sagely observed Mr Bull from the opposite side of the fire-place, until he calmly dozed again, when she recalled the scattered family to their former positions, and spoke in a low tone. * 4 You ninst be very careful," said the worthy lady, 'how you mention that name; for your poor father has so many unpleasant experiences of those Bulls of Some—bless the man ! he'll do somebody a mischief.' Mr Bull, lashing out again more violently than before, upset the fender, knocked down the fire-irons, kickcd over the brass footman, and, whisking Ins silk handkerchief off his head, chased the Pussy on the rug clean out of the room into the passage, and so out of the street door into the night; the Pussy having as was well known to the children in general , originally strayed from the B. lis of Rome into Mr Bull's assembled family. After the achievement of- this crowning teat, i»-r Bull came back, and in a highly excited state performed a sort of war dance in his top boots all over the parlour. Finally, ne sank into his arm chair, and covered himself up again. Muster C. J. London, who was by no means Mire that Mr Bull in his heat would not come down upon him for the lateness of his exercise, took refuge behind his slate and behind little John, who was a perfect game cock. But Mr Bull having concluded his war dance, without injury to any one, the boy crept out, with the rest of the family^ to the knees of Mrs Bull, who thus addressed them, taking little John into her lap before she began : *The B.'s of R.,' said Mrs Bull, getting, by this prudent device, over the obnoxious words, ' caused your poor father a world of trouble before any one of you were borne. They pretended to be related to u r f and to have some influence in our family; buc it cin't be allowed for a single momentanothing will ever induce your poor father to hear of it; let them disguise or constrain themselves now and then as they will, they are. by nature, an insolent, audacious, oppressive, intolerable race.' Here little John doubled bis fists,and began squaring at the Bulis of Rome, as he saw those pretenders with his mind's eye. Master C. J. London, after some considerable reflection, made a show of squaring likewise. * In the days of your great, great, great, grandfather,' said Airs Bull, dropping her voice still lower, as she glanced at Mr Bull in his repose, * the Bulls of Rome were not so utterly hateful to our family as they arc at present We didn't know them so well; and our family were very ignorant and low in the world. But we have gone on advancing in eveiy generation since then ; and now we are taught by all our family history and experience, and by the I most limited exercise of our rational faculties—that our knowledge, liberty, progress, social wel are and happiness, are wholly irreconcilable and inconsistent with them. That the Bulls of Rome are not only the enemies of our family, but of the whole human race. That wherever they go, they perpetuate misery, oppression, darkness, and ignorance. That they are easily made the tools of the \vors»t men for the worst of purposes; and that they cannot be endured by your poor father, or by any man, woman, or child, of common sense, who has the least connexion with us.' Little John, who had gradually left off squaring, looked hard at his aunt, Miss Eringobragh, Mr Bull's sUter, who was grovelling on the ground, with her head in the ashes. This unfortunate lady had been, for a length of time, in a horrible condition of mind and body, and presented a mcst lam en table spectacle of disease, dirt, rags, superstition, and degradation. Mrs Bull, observing the direction of the child's glance, smoothed little John's hair, aud direeted her next observations to him. « Ah ! Yon may well look at the poor thing, John !' said Mrs Bull; * for the Bulls of Rome have had far too much to do with her present state. There have been many other causes at work to destroy the strength of her constitution, but the Bulls of Rome have been at the bottom of it; and. depend upon it. wherever you see a condition at all resembling hers, you will find, on inquiry, that the sufferer has allowed herself to be dealt with by the Bulls of Rome.'— Dickens. 