THE LATE CONFERENCE OF THE i BISHOPS. I Report of the Opinions of the Clergy of South Australia on the " Minutes of Proceedings of the Australasian Bishops," at Sydney, in October, 1860. To THE RIGHT REVEREND THE LORD BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. Chapter House, Adelaide, February 5th, 1851. MT Loan, We, the Clergy of the Diocese of Adelaide, having deliberated, at your Lordship's suggestion, upon the " Minutes of Proceedings at a Meeting of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops of the Province of Australasia, held at Sydney in October last, have now the honour of submitting, for your Lordship's consideration, our views and opinions thereon, as embodied in the following proposi- tions. Though unfortunately under the necessity of differing from your Lordship on many points, we trust that our manner of doing so will be 1 deemed unexceptionable. We are persuaded that we only do justice to the Chief Pastors of the Australasian Churches by giving them credit for a sincere and earnest desire to advance the interests of true religion in their respective dioceses. the Presbyters and Deacons of the Church of England, we must claim to be considered no less desirous of securing the attainment of the great ends of the Church's institution. It was not thought necessary to remark upon those matters contained in the "Minutes" which are determined by the Rubrics ; referred to the decision of the Ordinary : or, judging from the general usages in the mother country, left to the discretion of each individual clergy- man. Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity on minor or trivial matters would, it is to be feared, not only fail in its object, but would tend to engender strife and evil surprising. The Church needs rest. May its chief pas- tors be endued with the spirit of wisdom, power, love, and of a sound mind and may we all clergy and laity be divinely enabled to maintain the faith " in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life." Propositions above referred to, 1\. That our proceedings may be made public. 2\. That we proceed to the consideration of the Minutes seriatim; omitting, however, all discussion upon the question of baptismal regeneration, except to affirm on the propriety or otherwise of its introduction into the " Minutes 3\. That we regard the meeting of the Bishops respectively of Sydney, Tasmania, New Zealand, Adelaide, Newcastle, and Melbourne, simply as a voluntary assembling of the chief pastors of the Australasian Dioceses, to confer upon matters affecting the interests of the Church. 4\. That while we approve mainly of the objects on which the Bishops proposed to con- sultans specified in section Laws cannot refrain from expressing regret that, as they had not conferred with their respective clergy before their meeting, they should have forwarded their "Minutes" to England, with a view, it is presumed, to imperial legislation, without previously submitting them to the clergy and laity of their respective dioceses. Future Synods and Conventions. 6\. That adverting to chap, iii., " On Future Synods and Conventions," we are of opinion that it would be preferable for the clergy and laity to meet in one assembly or convention, consisting of every licensed presbyter having cure of souls, and one or more laymen, chosen by and out of the members of each congregation, in full communion, and presided over by the Bishop of the diocese. Subdivision of Dioceses and Nomination of Bishops. 6\. That the right and power of Her Most Gracious Majesty to subdivide the Australasian dioceses and to nominate Bishops thereto has hitherto been wisely and beneficially exercised, and ought for the present to be retained intact and that, should a period arrive when it should be deemed expedient that Her Majesty should relinquish the right of nominating to colonial sees, we are of opinion that, according to ancient usage, such right of nomination should be vested in the clergy of the diocese over which the Bishop is to preside. [ Church Membership. MINUTE. On a discussion of the phrase " duly baptized," it was understood that the word '' duly" was intended to be explained by the words follow I hope, viz.-" with water, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," and not to refer to the person bap 1 sizing. DisCIPLINE. Clergy. 7\. That, as the Australasian Bishops " dis- claim the right, power, or wish " to suspend or revoke, at their own discretion, the licenses of Clergymen," we are of opinion that the licenses of incumbencies, should, as far as possible; be in the same form of words as those issued to incumbents in England, and not revo- cable at pleasure." 8\. That it is desirable there should be a power of depriving Clergy, convicted of immorality or heresy, of their incumbencies. Status of Clergy. 9\. That we view with some degree of fear and disapprobation the desire of the Australasian Bishops to license Clergymen to charges of a "temporary nature," and the wish expressed by them " that candidates for Holy Orders" " should place themselves entirely at the disposal of their Bishop for some definite term of years, and leave to him the responsibility of appointing and changing their station during such period;"-as we believe such a policy, if general, would, under present circumstances, be injurious to the maintenance of mental independence, doctrinal purity, and pastoral fidelity among the junior clergy, and would be inimical to their domestic comfort and general usefulness. 10\. That it is of the utmost importance to the respectability, influence, and efficiency of the clerical body in this diocese to keep up, as far as possible, the standard of secular and theological learning for candidates for holy orders which is required by the Bishops at home. 11\. That, under present circumstances, it is not desirable to admit to the diaconate, for the service of the Church in this diocese, persons whose previous position in the colony would materially impair their influence. 12\. That, for the due preservation of order and harmony, it is desirable that no deacon or catechiSt should be introduced into any district already under the care of a presbyter, but on the nomination of such presbyter to whom the said deacon or catechist should be subordinate. LITURGY. Marriage of persons neither of whom belongs to the Church. 13\. That whereas up to a recent period no marriages of dissenters in England were legal unless celebrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Established Church, and whereas at the present time the majority of dissenting marriages are so celebrated in the mother country, we are of opinion that no Australasian Clergyman ought to refuse to marry any parties who may apply to him, though they be not members of our communion. Ministering to Dissenters. 14\. That, while we are relieved from any legal " obligation" " to perform religious services for persons who are not members of our Church," yet, to guard against any misconception, we desire to express our readings- to afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, to any who may need or desire them. MINUTE, We deem it inexpedient to express an opinion on some points touched upon in chapter vii., as we believe these points must be left to a certain extent, to the discretion of the officiating minister. We feel bound, however, to remark that in section 9, letter d no mention is made of marriages to be solemnized on certificate from the Registrar's Office ; but we cannot suppose that it is intended by such omission to condemn the solem- nization of such marriages by ministers of our Church. We desire also to express the difficulty we are under of understanding what is meant by the advice of the Bishops to repel from the Holy Communion persons who have married within the prohibited degrees " until they have repealed and be reformed" Holy Baptism. 15\. That the introduction by the Australs, met in Bishops of the question of' Holy Baptism into their " Minutes" was uncalled for and if judicious that the construction put by them upon the " Creed, Articles, and Liturgy " with respect to this subject, would, if imposes be tantamount to a new article of faith and that the dogmatical determination of a question which has ever been practically considered an open one, virtually narrows the terms of communion with our Church. Education. 16\. That, whilst desirous of seeing a school established in connection with every church In this colony, we shall be prepared to regard favourably any system of education in which the Bible shall be the basis of the instruction given. Missions, 17\. That we hail with great satisfaction the establishment of the Australasian Board of Missions, in connection with our Church, with a view to the conversion of the aboriginal inhabitants of Australasia and the Isles of the Western Pacific and we earnestly hope and pray that such measures may be adopted and carried out by its members as may be crowned with the Divine blessing. JAMES FARRELL, Dean of Adelaide, and Incumbent of Trinity. WILLIAM JOHN WOODCOCK, Canon of Adelaide Incumbent of Christchurch. THE ODORS PERCIVAL WILSON, Canon of Adelaide, and Incumbent of St. John's. W. H. COOMBS, Incumbent of St. George's Gawler. JOHN CHARLES BAGSHAW, Incumbent of St. Mark's, Penwortham. . AUTHOR B. BURNETT, Presbyter, Income bent of St. Stephen's, Willunga, JOHN WATSON, Incumbent of St. Matthew's, Kensington, JOHN W. IÍCHOALBS, A.B., T.C.D., OB. dating Minister, Magill. JOHN FULFORD, Deacon, Incumbent of St. Mary's, Sturt, and Christ Church, O'Halloran Hill. E. K, MILLER, Deacon, Head Master of Pultney-street School, and Assistant Minister of Christ Church, North Adelaide. SAML. FBRCY RICBD. ALLOM, Second Master of St. Peter's Collegiate School, 