YATAIA ELECTION THE NOMINATION. Tho nomination of candidates for the represen tation of the district of. Yatalatok place in the rear; of Merry weather's Hotel, Dry Creek. The returning Officer, Matthew Moorhouse, Esq., read the writ, precisely at twelve o'clock, but, at the request of both candidates, deferred the nomination for half* an-hour. At the expiration of that time he again came forward, and addressed'those assembled, who might have numbered, from 200 to 300,persons. He then said, about a month ago, the electors of Yatala were called upon to nominate candidates for the representation of the district, aud Mr Anstey's seconder, .on that occasion, had to congratulate those assembled on the order which had been ob served throughout the proceedings. He trusted that the same £order. would now prevail; and would appeal to them that if they had any questions to ask of either candidate, they would come for ward and speak from the platform, in place of inter rupting the proceedings. He would at oneecall upon any gentleman who had a Candidate to pro pose to come forward to do so. (Cheers.) Mr Nihill proposed W. Giles, Esq., as a fit and proper person to represent the district,, and -in.an exceedingly eloquent speech, commented upon the services rendered by that gentleman to the Colony in past and present times, Mr W. Duffield seconded Mr Giles- In doing so he drew,a parallel between the public characters of the two candidates, remarking, with respect to Mr Giles, that he was known to have been ready on all occasions, to come forward and support the pop ular cause; while with regard to Mr Anstey, he, Mr Duffield, recollected- his appearance in pub lic on on« occasion only, which was at a meeting of squatters at the Exchange. Mr Duffield proceeded to contend, that the cry of the insufficiency of the voluntary principle was not borne out by facts, and that the Church of England should be the last to complain of the insufficiency of the voluntary prin ciple, the Bishop having been sent out to the colony by the voluntary gift of a Christian lady. Mr Giles was the true friend of the farmers, for when wheat was 2s a bushel he risked his situation and conse quently his means of subsistence, by taking upon himself, at his own personal responsibility, to lower the rent of the tenants of the South Australian ..Ccjmpany to 4s an acre. "(Oh&rs.;) He . did not rest there, he shipped the farmers' wheat in the Company's ships to Eugland, and relieved the mar ket, in a great measure, from the heavy pressure upon it to give the farmers a clear field and no favor. (Cheers.) About that time Mr Anstey was, to the best of his belief, a director of the Auction Com pany, who were lending the farmers money at 25, 30, and in some cases 35 per cent. Was that the workvof a farmer's friend to try to pocket the earnings of the farmers' hard labour? It had been much said of late, that Mr Anstey's stake in the district was a large one. He would quote an observation made by Mr Jolni Baker : " that Mr Anstey's living is with his sheep, bnt the pony which he rides is at Highercombe." (Cheers and disappro bation.) Mr Anstey since his return from Van Die mens Land bad thought proper to make a charge against him having no foundation in fact. He had charged Lim with fabricating the basest falsehoods, and with being concerned in dirty work. He would challenge any elector of Yatala to say that he. had taken any undue means to influence his vote at. the late election. He declared at Gummeracka that the insinuation was without foundation, and Mr Anstey admitted it was. (Mr Anstey—" It's an atrocious falsehood.") The assertions made by Mr Anstey without a tittle of foundation were unworthy of a man, aud much more of one calling himself a gen tleman. (Cheers aud hisses.) Mr Abraham Shannon in a neat speech proposed G. A. Anstey. Esq. The nomination of Mr Anstey was seconded by Mr W. Williams (Walkerville). Mr Giles then cam* forward and was received; with, load cheering. When the applause had sub sided, headdressed the electors stating, that they | were assembled to e^ercisc^he rights' dne to Britons. He stood2tefore. thera; ihafdky in consequence of a verbal invitation to come for\$drd a£a candidate for* the honor of representing them , in the New Council, which was addressed to him by a large number of the most respecfable electors of the district. (Cheers) It could not therefore be said that he stood before them that day without having any claims to do so, and he was happy to say that he had every expec tation of success. (Cheers) He had been accused of impudence $ now he did not like impudence in any shape, but if experience ought to make a man wise he could appeal to his fourteen years' resi dence amoug them, dur.ng which time he had ever studied to do his duty. (Cheers.) Mr Giles went on to state that the reason he did not come forward in the first instance, was, that he was not legally qualified, his • property not being that required by the provisious of the Act for a qualification. The people* and not the priests would rale in this colony | the latter might bring their people and drive them to the poll, but they never should do so while he could hold up a hand, or lift his voice against such an~abominable practice. (Hear.) Conscience must be the ruling principle of all, and one .person could not set himself up as a guide to another-in matters of conscience, for it lay between the man and his God. (Hear.) He was grieved at the proceedings which folllowed the late elections. Mr Hanson had been subjected to certain accusations, bnt by one party it was contended that he had qualified the pledga he gave with reference to accepting the Ad vocate-Generalship ; while another denied that there was any qualification. The qualification was said to be, that if he accepted the oiflce he would resign his seat. If Mr Hanson did not make that qualifi cation, he,. Mr Giles should be very sorry to act as Mr Hanson had done, but if the qualification was made, he considered him absolved. (Hear,) It was also, said that he would sell them. He had served the South Australian Company for fourteen years with probity, and there was no man in his senses he was sure, could say-that he would sell any man. (Loud cheers.) It would not suit him either, to do dirty work(cheers) he had ever done the best be tween the Company and the Colonists, and if ever he should be placed in such a position that be could no longer act so, he would resign his trust. (Cheers.) He worked hard every week at the Cen ttal Road Board* and without pay. The only money he had eve? received was a 'sum of £50 from Col. Gawler, thirteen years, ago, which he distributed among the fivo chapels and churches then building in Adelaide, without, reference $p their particular creeds. (Hear.) That was his bigotry. (Loud •beers.).. Mr- Giles then stated his views upon the State Grant. , ^nd contended that it was so far from being a settled question, that he believed, if. Messrs. Anstey and Elhs We're returned* a modi fication of the present measure would be carried. He did not think, however, that either would get in, and fnlly believed that they should soon be able to smash the Church'Grant. (Cheers.) He had advocated the Catholic' Emancipation . in Ireland wlieii it w»s not fashionable to do so, and agrnnst the wishes of his personal friends. The IriahJEpis copalian Church, it was well known, took all the rriotaey, add the Soman Catholics educated the peo ple. He, Mr Giles, was no tool of the League. If he were, he should be the tool of a ghost. (Loud laughter.) He preferred honesty of purpose to brilliancy of talent. Many men would speak, for an hour upon nothing, bnt he would write forty honest words* and smash the whole fabrie, unsupported by principle. (Cheers.) Mr Giles then stated his views upen the Vote by Ballot, and the Distillation and Impounding Acts, which have already been se veral times fully reported by us, and, after a few words upon the mischief of granting a pre-emptive right of any sort to the sqnatter, concluded a Very spirited address with declaring.tbat, ifelected, lie would do his duty in the sight of God and man. (Loud and continued cheering.) Mr Anstey came forward and stated that he could not be expected to deliver other thau an extempore address, when it was known that he would have to reply to the arguments of Mr Giles and his sup porters. He charged Mr Giles with; what he had never before discovered in him—disingenuonsness. He must know that he had not advocated a pre emptive right to the squatter further than a small approach to the homestead, or if the majority of the people decided against that, he would merely claim for the squatter a fair compensation for the improve ments he bad made. In alluding to the speeches made by Mr Giles's mover and seconder he felt ashamed to have to notice them, as he was con vinced that the fact was there was nothing too mons trous for them to utter. (Disapprobation) He had. been told that he came from Van Diemen's Land. So he did, but he was an Englishman,-born, bred, and educated, and had passed more years in the colony than he did in Van Diemen's Land. (Cheers.) Mr Giles—I knew his father. Mr Anstey (quickly)—I require no assurance of that, Mr Giles. He continued—There were many in this colony who o'ughf to go -fb'Vair Diemen s Land. (Hear, and disapprobation.)- He, Mr Ans tey, had been charged by the seconder' of Mir Giles with having made libellous statements. He would declare before God that he believed every thing he. had said with reference to that individual to be true, although at Gummeracka-he had the mons trous impudence to say he had never asked bnt one man for his vote. Would any one believe that a fact, knowing the activity pf the man, and that toge ther with the evidence of Mr T. Giles ? Would any one believe that he had never asked more than a single voter even in a legitimate manner ? But who could doubt the brazen immobility of that face ? (Laughter) That was the first time be, Mr Austey, had asked any elector for his vote, and he now demanded of them to give him their votes on the merits of the question. Mr GUes had expertly' opened up and mingled sundry taking Scriptural texts with which to bolster up his political creed, but there was not' one point affecting the '.liberty of the subject in which Mr Hanson and Mr Giles had not had to follow him. (Cheers.) Hewas in fitvotur of the extreme liberty of the subject, and would give the franchise to every one of twenty-one, not to fall in with a popular claptrap, but because he saw it to be necessary to destroy the trade of the agitatibn, at the same time being convinced that-the poor man had as much as, or more interest in good Government than the rich. For the ballot, he was now. donbly anxious, after witnessing the abominable attempts to work upon the feelings of the people by placards generally written by the candidate himself. Hewas the first who had distinctly enunciated his opposition to thedis graceful Distillation Act; and that even worse measure the Impounding Act. He had also ori ginally protested against the Road Act. Mr Giles had been led away by - his excitable temperament, and the malevolence of- thpso about him to utter insinuations against him (Mr Anstey) unworthy of him. When Mr Giles said that he (Mr Anstey) would try to force any measure against the con* scietices'of the people, he must have known that he had; on many occasions declared snch a proceeding to be a species of the most infernal tyfanny. (cheers.) _ Mr Giles was unconditionally opposed to all State interference with religion; he (Mr Anstey) was not unconditionally in its favour. Mr Anstey went on to declare his views on Education and the State Grant, pretty much iu the same way as we have before reported him. One point-he said, had been alluded to by Mr Giles, to which he would refer. Mr Giles stated that it was the duty of no man to support a reiigioh which he know to be error. He disclaimed Roman Catholicism in his own mind as error, and believed that the Roman Catholic acted towards him in the same manner. He (Mr Anstey) would a>k any reasonable man whether he would not have more confidence in a Roman Catholic, instructed by a respectable priest, than an uneducated one ? (Cheers.) Religious instruction was wholesome, wherever it was iucul cated, and it was better to give support to in struct an opposite creed, than to leave any one to ignorance and Mr Giles. (A laugh, and disap- j probation.) He, Mr Anstey, wonld rather trust education to the British Independents, than leave them in ignorance or te self education, which was the lot of many, in spite .of a bad example. Mr Anstey proceeded to refer to the visits of certain parties, who he stated, would nnder certain condi tions, here allowed him to walk .over the coarse without consulting the feelings of the electors; and followed this'np with calling their attention to the recent" sale"'as he termed .it, effected by Mr Han son; He called upon them to vote for him, contend ing that it was the duty of every honest man and. father of a family to lay down unalterable proof of his detestation of the broken pledges of public men; and show the colonists that the faith of public men was not to be torn like a piece of'waste paper. (Cheers.) It was their duty to show dnmistakeably their hatred of such principles. (Loud cheers.) Anumber of questions , were* then put te each candidate, which our limited space will not allow us to report. There was some sharp hitting on either side, with the addition of a good deal of ir relevant matter which protracted the proceedings, fully an hour beyond the usual time. When the "free and independent" had as it may be called "taken it out" of the candidates, the Returning Offi cer, Mr Moorhouse, called for a show of hands, Messrs John Baker and Nihill being nominated tellers. On Mr Giles's name being mentioned, about three-fourths of those assembled held up their hands, but as Mr Anstey and his friends appeared to have detected the .presence of certain non electors, Mr Giles appealed to those only, who were electors to hold up their hands for him. A second show was taken, and the Returning Officer declared it to be in favour of Mr Giles, there ap pearing to be about two to one in bis favour. Mr Anstey demanded a poll, which was announced by the Returning Officer to be opened this day at nine o'clock, at the various polling places in the district—to close at four. He also stated that he had made arrangements which would enable him to declare the result of the poll before en o'clock the same evening. The candidates were then cheered by their re spective friends, and a vote of thanks to the Re turning Officer having been carried, they left the platform. Messrs Baker, Pearce, and one or two others ad dressed the crowd with reference to some remarks whieh had fallen from the speakers daring their addresses. The proceedings throughput were orderly. 