THE APPROACHING GREAT EVENT. *What ! not one solitary omen sent; ~' Not one small sign to tell the great event ?* • • ' : Peter Pindat. • —' • But, as 1 can learn, They hearken after prophecies and dreams,' Richard III.—Act), Scene I. < Coming events cast their shadows before.' Campbell. The entry on Monday night at Schmidst's, Royal Exchange Hotel, for the opening event of the facing. Season of 1851, upon whose threshold we are now standing, reminds me of my usual custom of reviewing the merits of the T&nous; intending competitors, and of endeavouring by this test to point out.the probable victor in the exciting contest. . -.The entry drew together a strong muster of the right sort," and the extent and quality of the list of horses bear gratifying testimony to the fact, £bpt the «porte of the tnrf in South Australia have Waiving ajny pretensions to grasp results by other means than may be afforded by experience, impartiality* and the information their united exercise riiay have thrown within my reach, I must caution every man to follow his own opinion when, if wrong, lie will have the best person to blame—himself! v With -these preliminary observations 1 proceed " to prophecy -with what appetite we may," immediately on the publication of the list,—a preference was exhibited; for the following horses—Abd-el- Kader,"" Emerald? " Fidget," and " Guy Fawkes» at prices varying from to 4 to 8 to 1. The " ins-andouts" of the candidates for turf honors in the coming season are far from few. Firstly we have " Abd-et- Kader" appearing frequently before us as a victor, and as fiequehtly in the less enviable character of a beaten hdrse. " Fidgefs" performances exhibit the same " pleasing variety," and the same remarks will equally apply to the performances of 44 Emerald," and the " Wanderer' y vaare—but to business:— ^, Apd-eJ'Kflder. , ' As I Lave before hinted, the performances of ibis son of " Forlorn Hope" have been attended by such opposite results, that his chance of victory in the comingstruggle will be looked forw ard to by many with some degree of doubt. • There is one thing however quite certain—that his running during the laBt season must not be taken as a correct measure of what he is capable of doing. From the time he ran at the " Adelaide Meeting" last year he has never been in anything like " form," or fit to run for a shilling—heis, unquestionably, a first-rate jnmper and, I'thiiaik, if he be put determinedly at his fences^ that he has not the least idea: of refusing—is well known to be a speedy horse, and quite up to the fe be " all right," and well ridden, on ihj?,18j:|i, JMo nqi see any name recorded on the list pf ejitpes«apabie of wresting from him the wreath i&Jwigei;'-s^his «',old familiar" has again entered his nacaei-on the list ofconipetitors for the Annual Brine .9 Jus successes,like those of his old opponent, Abd^-el-Sader, have been somewhat varied, he having in the luiit ee&sohbeaten; the chestnut twice, and the fiail chefetnut 1 having, like « a well-bred nn," returned the compliment. It will also be recollected L-ift^ Cha6e of September " Fidget" eanife'in fireVbtit urifortqnately went on ihe wrong 8idie i; bf Vfl a g ^ the "last' section. Abd-el-Kadet Wf'ifjgn^'' Hmt. came in a good second, ':..• stokes.' There is one to b e borjie m mmd, t^je jS-je^ry -evidenl superioritjy of condition in which ^'-^get?' hiis .invariably* appeared at " the post those who witnessed his several performances at the Bsirr^ Glarej and Gawler Town, must be too well aware of thafs" interesting! fact.'* ' We expect to see .him an tbe lijie admirable trim on the forthcoming trykHng-day. he will, on that occaision, have the vdnablefcerVices Of a ttostl accomplished horseman, • -"li^iriffcia: ^^y^yE^inerit possible thkt he can i^n^jw^/^'^he care and management jduniig ifce fire months) • J^ilipfgof^a;;,th|-^tembie riling w he got in the in March lakt; but under any : |s f a^i^Jangerom horse to stand I wojild much prefer seeing him on the „ winamgsideofmy'fLedger. 5 ' •Sf Emerald^is beyond all question a good horse, a ftw^j thoroughly • borne out by his- various performances, althoogh like his befoie-mentioned friends, theHChiBstnut^and " Grev,"hehas notaiways been on the w^uiftjy-sideof the hedged He is very timid, tojtrain j but I think, under • tlw^itiifetjtreafee^ of « Mister Gepp/» he Will make his ajppeartince at the posfc on the day in bloominfr ^ohdiaon. Keport assigns the office of " Cockswain*' iP^J^I^aiQ^p^ji^smgthe, ';"'great requisites" in a " good'siea^ hands, nerve, nh and a beauuful ftemper. With all these expect to see him very I ^G^Eawk^isane^impojrte side, arul a.' > f ^reatcard, M with rather astrong party^- If this horse's performances ;at all approach :the: stutming^charaeter which has preceded his the v Adelaide Grand Annual Stfeple Cha^w ihay be considered ?ssafe is though it' were over; .biit, allowing a little ktitude For over fondness," we expect to see in him ajreally good horse, and if he be wdl ridden we shall, no doubt, see him in a very prominent pofiticn on the occasion. " H'S Honor," late " Jangler," is a powerful, welllimbed, well- shaped, well-bred animal, and is said to be in capital trim; he is in the same stable with " Fidget." It will be recollected he made his first appearance here in the " Hack Stakes'' in November last, which he won, beating a good field. He next ran in the " Publicans' Purse" at Salisbury, where he was beaten by " Lucifer." He has not since shown in public—but, of the two horses from that quarter, I would prefer standing on Fidget." That " Mercury" will prove an extremely dangerous opt>onent I fully believe. Last June when he rSlr with the " Doctor" atGlenelg,he appeared to be a horse of great power, with strongly developed points of excellence and usefulness- "His running on .that occasion warrants consideration, and justifies the outlay that has taken place in his favour. He has had the advantage of the careful superintendence of *' Old Tom Powell," and if he be nicely handled^ his pretensions are formidable, and I shall expect to see him bear the co'ours of Mr Robinson veiy close to the front on the all-important day. " Wanderer" is a good honest mare of her class, and a good jumper, but unless it be a very glow run race I do not think she can come very near the front. " Peter Simple," a slap-dash, weedy, bang- tailed brute, and a bad andunsafe jumper. My opinion is were he turned loose he would not have the most remote chance of winning the ** Cross Country" Prize, . " War Eagle,*' I imagine, was only " put in" by his spirited owner to increase the value of the stake, rather than from any idea he could entertain of the horse's chance of winning it. His condition is very bad indeed, and does not bear evidence of any great amount of care or good feeding during the past season. His chance must be small indeed. "Bessy Bell," is a nice light active mare, and a very good jumper, but I think she must " knock under" to 11 st 7 lbs, and four miles of heavy country. " Cydnus."—This horse it will be recollected ran well in the « Hack Steeple Chase " last September, and again appeared (but in very different company) in the Hurdle Race at the Adelaide meeting. I th nk (unless some accident occurs to several of the beforementioned horses) he cannot have the "ghost of a chance " of placing the Adelaide Steeple Chase stakes on the credit side of his owners account. Of "Ginger" I think very little, if he can carry II st. 7 lbs. four miles in such company I will leave off " guessing." " Dick Turpin."—I have so frequently chronicled the doings of this " erratic gentleman " that I am quite at a loss what to add, unless it be an opinion that the profession followed by his notorious " sponsor," viz.—« The road," would be by far the more fitting one for him. I think, with good riding, and gentle treatment, he would make a firstrate hack ; but I will engage, if he live to the age of " Metheusala," he will never win a steeple chase. And now, having carefully scanned the merits and demerits of the competing sfeeds, and rakeu into consideration the vaiious chances of accideni "by flood and field" which are inseparable from a steeple chase, I shall pin my faith to the following positions:— " Abd-el-Kader" 1 "Emerald" 2 " Fidget" 3 With "Guy Fawkes" and "Mercury" in close attendance. An nothing may Occur to mar the Jmrrnnr: v of this popular re-union, and say, as a " wind up," may the best horse win. PEGASUS. 