tSttliJaiastittil XnteiUgimre. V . THE OPENING OF THE SYNOD AT THURLES. me grand ceremonial of the opening of the Synod was witnessed this day by thousands of our people. Up to a late hour on Wednesday night, group^ after group of clergy and gentry continued to arrive in the town, and during the entire night vehicles of all descriptions were momentarily arri ving, conveying fresh crowds to the scene of the ceremonies. ' The street-way leading through the town in the direction ? of ,the College presented during the morning a continuous tide of people coming in from the adjoining country parishes, and proceeding to the spot where it was known that the procession Avould pass on its way to the church. The weather was beautiful. The, Catholic. Chapel was surronnded from the earliest hour with dense crowds of people. At a few minutes after ten o'clock the appear ance of some of the attendant officials at the front of the vestibule gave indication that the procession was about to issue forth, and the gaze of the assembled thousands was eagerly fixed on the doorway. The large bell of the chapel and the chimes of the convent were now heard at intervals, and notwithstanding the immense crowds outside, that prevailed, that even at a considerable distance within the College gates, the solemn pealing of the noble organ of the chapel could be heard. At length the glittering cross, borne aloft by thecruci fer, was seen issuing from the College vestibule. As the procession issued forth, the following order was apparant .-—Following the cross in front came a body of religious in minor orders, or preparing for such acting as apparitores or vergers. Then the representatives of the religious fraternities, re citing at first the Litany, and as they progressed, the Rosary of the blessed Virgin. Next came the cross of the regular orders residing and established in the diocese, followed by the brethren and fathers of those orders, robed in a monastic costume— the Dominicans in long robes of white serge with cowl. The Franciscans in long robes of dark brq.vn coarse stuff, with cincture of the' knotted cord.' The Discalced Carmelites, robed in gar ments of coarse serge with cincture and cowl. The representatives of the grand Carmelite brotherhood, in their appropriate robes. The Augustinian brotherhood. The entire of these regular orders were not dressed in their monastic costumes, because some are not represented f ully, or permanently as yet, in the diocese. It may also be here remarked that the provincials and dignitaries of the regular orders here mentioned occupied a position immedi ately preceding the secular prelates. The next rank in the procession was preceded by the crucifer^ bearing the processional cross of the diocese. The crucifer, according to the ritual, represented the rank of sub-deacon, and was robed . in dalmatic without maniple. Following the ban ner of their cross, came first the students and clergy in minor orders, ordained, or about to be ordained, for the diocese and its mission. Then came next in order the general body of parochial secular dignitaries and clergy, clad every one in surplice and crimson stole. Next ramo the. VQ,.,r Rev. and Eev. the Secretaries of the Synod, 'robed simply in surplices. Next the triple cross of the primacy, borne by. a priest assuming the rank and robes of subdeacon, and supported at either side by acolytes with lighted tapers. Then came the dignitaries of the1 second order of clergy, in cluding the vicar-general of the metropolitan dio cese, the vicars-general of provincial diocese, and the archdeacons. This section of clergy numbered four. They were robed in crimson copes, and formed the advance rank of the dignitaries consti tuting the acting members of Synod. Next came the promiratores, or proxies of absent prelates, inese dignitaries, acting for the time as prelates, and recognised (by sufferance of the Synod, and not by incontestable rights) as representatives of respective diocesan interests, wp™ vnUaA i,-. ^^;»v, ? cope and amice, 'and were attended by deacon and ?theologian, each of them, even as the consecrated prelates were, such being their conceded right: .Next followed the provincials of regular religious orders, called to assist at the Council. Next' fol lowed the deacon and subdeacon of the mass about to be offered by his Grace the Primate. These reverend functionaries were robed in their altra vestments— the deacon in chasuble of crimson tis sue, worn over alb, amice, and soutan, with cincture and stole over one shoulder— the sub- deacon in dalmatic, without stole, worn over alb, and cinc ture. Next came the mitred Abbot of Mount Mellerav, robed ltf cope of crimson satin, with single mitre, closed at top of plain white linen. Next came the bishops according to the order of their seniority, the juniors first. Next followed the three arch- prelates of Dublin, -luam and Cashel, supported by their apparitores and followed by their train bearers. JSext came the bearer of the primatial crozier, robed in ?crimson cope and bare headed, carrying Ireland '** °f hlS GrUCe the Pr™ate °* a11 Last of all came onwards, supported at either side by his attendant priests, Paul Archbishop of Armagh, our venerated primate. His Grace was «nd rochet over which he wore a rich cope of oi gold lace, I he primatial mitre was of white ?satin antUilver tissue, decorated with the cross and paschal lamb, ,n raised bullion, and set with pre cious gems -vof great size and value-d anionds rubies, amethysts, and emeralds, reprelentinffthe Lfirth'8' ei^leinati-'f th« ApoStoHcgvir! tues. As the procession passed, the crowd re mained'o.n their knees, forming dense mas es ex tanding -,n the direction of the street at either 'side as tar as the eye could reach. Hi., Grace the S .mate, as he approached, uplifted his hands' ad solemnly invoked blessings on his kneeing children in the faith. 'As the procession wended its way slowly through the great entrance of the chapel the altar might 1-e viewed from outside, blazing with lights, and glit tering with panoply of festival decoration, and pre senting in the dim distance, at the extremity of the long vista formed by the double line of the'proces sion, a scene of gorgeous, yet shadowy splendour rendered indistinct by the clouds of perfumed in cense that- floated upwards from the censers in the sanctuary. As the procession, proceeded up the aisle and through the nave at either , side of the choir, the organ pealed forth Handel's glorious Hallelujah, and the tones of the grand instrument dying into silence, the soft and beautiful mellow chaunt of the choir oi priests was heard entoning the sweet hymn to the Virgin, Ave Marts Stella. By the time these hymns were finished the prelates, dignitaries, &c;, had assumed their places — the bishops in their order in the choir prepared for them, and the other clergy in the places assigned them, namely, the clergy belonging to the business of the Synod in the sanctuary, and the assistant clergy, not in the council, in the outside seats. At this moment the church presented a sight calculated to fill every Christian Catholic heart with feelings of devout and chastened extacy. Assembled in the choir were the .prelates of all Ireland, with but two exceptions, and also the prin cipal dignitaries and clergy of the Irish church. (Here follow the names and order of the prelates and other dignitaries who took part in the proces sion, which we are obliged to omit for want of space.) / The choir opened the rites with the psalm ' Exultate Deo,' after which the psalm, ' Exsur gat,' and the glorious canticle, ' Quam dilecta.' The other appropriate canticles followed, and at their conclusion his Grace the Primate unrobed, and was then vested with the usual solemn cere monies in chasuble and stole of crimson and gold. The Primate having been vested, the deacon, the Eev. Dr. Quinn, of St. Andrews, Dublin, and the sub-deacon, the Eev. P. Hanratty, St. Peter's, Drogheda, entered the sanctuary, 'the masters of ceremonies, the Rev. Dr. Ford, and the Eev. Mr. Keogh, entered on the necessary preparations, and the votive mass of the Holy Ghost was commenced. The 'Kyrie Eleison,' the 'Gloria,' 'Credo,' ' Sanctus,' and ' Agnus Dei,' were chaunted by the choir from the sublime music of Palestrina, M-ith occasional interludes by the organ. After the mass, the Eight Rev. Doctor Blake, Bishop of Dromore, having been derobed of his cope and mitre, then ajmroached the thrmi«. wVmrp hie Grace the Primate was seated, and after having re ceived the archiepiscopal benediction, his Lordship ascended the altar, and after having invoked the name of the glorious Trinity, he proceeded to ad dress the assembled conference, and the congrega tion of the faithful then present, in a discourse of touching eloquence and irrefutable arguments from Holy Writ, for which we regret we have not space in our present number. The following account of the second session of the Synod, on the 29th, is from the pen of the cor respondent of the weekly Freeman : ? Thurles, Thursday Evening. When I wrote last nieht a shnrf- T^t f-m- fir.,. +\,i* morning's publication — although aware that a con siderable number of strangers had arrived in town, and that many more « ere to have arrived to- day—I confess I did not expect to find such an .immense concourse of the clergy arid laity within the walls of the cathedral as were present in that sacred edifice during the solemn ceremonial of this day. The attendance, both of surpliced priests, ? who were seated within the lower choir, and of the higher, the middle, and the humbler classes of the people in every part of the church- was certainly more than double the number present at the ses sion on opening the Synod. But perhaps amono themany causes which tended to this manifestation of increased interest in the proceedings on this occasion may be specially noted— the nonacquaint a.iii.c ui me muy generally with the true character and extent of those magnificent 'ceremonies which the Church assigns to the solemn convocation of her prelates, before the report of last Thursday's ceremonies was promulgated' through ttie press ; and secondly, the intense interest which, prevailed to hear the sermon of a prelate whose name is associ ated in every land where Catholicity is honoured with the dignity and independence of the Catholic Church in Ireland, the Archbishop of Tuam Shortly after ten o'clock, the slow peals of the cathedral bell intimated the commencement of the ceremonies, and in a few minutes the prelates, pro vincials, and superiors of religious orders, theolo gians and clergymen, issued forth from the college m processional order, the bishops wearin--- only the mozetta and rochette, and the priests surplices. The clergymen representing their religious orders were attired hi the proper ecclesiastical costume of their respective brotherhoods. The bishops and clergy having taken their places in the cathedral, hi's Grace the Primate came forth rrom the sacristy to the foot of the altar, followed by the officiating high priest, the Most Eev. Dr. Murray, Archbishop of Imblin ; the assistant high priest, the Very Eev. Dr. Meyler; the deacon, Eev. Dr. Quinn, and the sub-deacon, Eev. Dr. MacHale, of the Irish finiw*. Koine. ° ' The masters of ceremonies were the same as since the commencement of the Synod, the Rev. Dr. 1- ord, Blackrock, and the Eev. Sir. Keogh, SS. Michael and John's. The solemn high mass of the Holy Ghost was commenced by the choir intoning the hymn ' Veni sancte spiritus,' which was sung with admirably harmonious and impressive effect.. And we may take this opportunity of . observing that the choral department in the grand services at the cathedral since the opening of the Synod has constituted one otthe most interesting features among the many vim which the ceremonial abounds. The gentle men who so kindly gave their services as choristers, to add solemnity to the occasion: by^giving full ef fect to the proper selections of church, music, and who were all invited by request of the Primate, ? were : — Eev. John Harold, CO., Cabinteely ; Rev. Michael Mullaley, CO., Irishtown ; Eev. Richard Wood, CO., Donnybrook ; Eev. James Kavanagh, C.C., Kingstown ; Rev. John Dunne, C.C., Car low College ; and Mr. Lyons, one of the professors of Carlow College, who was master of the choir. In our notice of the ceremonies on Thursday last, we were under a mistake in stating that the mass sung was one of Palestrina's. It was of a more modern school, and was a selection from the, chaste and sublime productions of the Rev. Abbe Ilari, which are now generally adopted in the services at the Sistine chapel in the Eternal City, and promise erelong to assume a leading, if not a principal,, place in the celebration of the high offices of the church. Of the same character, and in the same purely ecclesiastical style Avere the ' Veni Sancte spiritus,' of Casciolini, and the ' Veni Creator,' of Petoni, both of Avhich were sung Avith a poAver of voice, a sweetness of intonation, and a perfection of choral harmony that will long be remembered Avith delight by those who had the good fortune to be present. The high mass having been concluded, and the same observances followed as were fully described in our publication of this day week, and which it would be therefore unnecessary to enumerate here in detail, the votes of the prelates Avere taken as to the period for the holding of the next session, when Monday, the ath of September Avas fixed on for that purpose. These proceedings having been fully gone through, and the Primate being seated at the Epistle side of the altar, his Grace the Most Eev. Doctor M'Hale ascended the altar and delivered an eloquent ser mon from the text ' And the angel said to her ' Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found grace Avith God. Behold, thou shall conceive in thy womb and shall bring forth a Son, and thou shalt call His name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Most High, and the Lord God shall give Him the Kingdom of David, his father, and he shall reign in the house of Jacob for ever, and of His kingdom there shall be no end.' ' — Luke i. c, 30th v., &c.; His Grace having concluded the sermon and descended the altar, a short prayer was offered by the Primate, in Avhich the congregation joined, ai\d at its close the prelates and clergy returned to the college in the same order as they proceeded from it. 