On Native Schools, by " * * " (Concluded) Non lacrymis hoc tempus, Accelera, et fratrem ai quis, modus, eripe morti.— Virg. Such is to be my present design. In describing the exigencies of the natives, time would be misspent in uttering vain regrets, which would soon be forgotten, and terminate in nothing; but I hope, in pursuance of my stated plan, to apply reasonable and necessary remedies, under a permanent system of combined education and civilisation, to the case of our suffering fellow-creatures. Our colonial journals have lately evinced great public sympathy for the aborigines : thus a correspondent from King George's Sound points out the beneficial effects of, and recommends the establishment of, a native school at Albany, as the medium of promoting civilisation, and decreasing crime and criminal expenditure ; we hear their conduct in that district and also at the Vasse has been exceedingly troublesome, and that the constabulary force has lately been increased. From York, we have accounts of their much improved behaviour, but that sickness had caused several deaths, that there is a constant demand for physic, and a place of shelter and temporary accommodation is proposed as a great alleviation of their sufferings in times of illness and distress. Another correspondent from that district has shown, on the clearest calculation, their alarmingly rapid numerical decrease; accounts from Bunbury confirm this report by stating the death of 20 natives from influenza in that settlement alone, and also that medical treatment and flour has been supplied at Government expense. Again, the average quarterly returns of men deprived of liberty at the criminal sessions is about 12, or 48 per annum ; two of whom have just undergone the sentence of death for the murder of their fellow-natives under very aggravated circumstances ; and the following judicious editorial comment was annexed to the melancholy account. — ' Will not the Government strive to educate and reclaim the aboriginal population, now that it enforces the extreme penalty of our laws ? If it does not, it incurs a most fearful responsibility.' In Perth, a benevolent effort is being made to render a Bazaar effective in raising funds for the Galililup Institution ; and the formation of a native school is contemplated in the vicinity of Guildford — a most important district. Thus, my readers in the colony and elsewhere may perceive a feeling extremely favourable for carrying out an important change; and those who have perused with attention my former suggestions may see how far my system provides a present remedy, together with an opportunity for the colonists to show their sympathy in urging Government interference. The remedy I propose will be found to act with a three fold tendency — first, to preserve the aboriginal race from extermination; 2ndly, to raise them in the scale of civilization; and, lastly, to fit them for a future world. This last subject, however, I have already noticed, and shall not now touch upon it, further than to say, it is the foundation of instruction ; the Gospel of Christ is the power of God, the gate of Heaven, and Eternal life. First- Before I attempt to provide the means of prolonging the existence of the natives in the land, let us briefly consider four principal causes of their rapid decrease. The first cause arises from sickness and the absence of medical treatment and comforts in their wild state. The second cause is found in the wars carried on among themselves, originating either in the superstitious custom of atoning the death of their deceased relatives by retaliation on some native of another tribe ; or in maintaining their rights over women, who are dejure hereditary property ; or, in opposing territorial encroachments, and asserting their privilege of burning certain parts of the country for supply of food ; — all these circumstances, we know, are ever leading to warfare and contention, sufficient, of themselves, to reduce their population. The third cause lies with the Governor, by the two- fold effect of executions, for even the dying criminal must and will also be avenged by his nearest surviving relative ; and again, by imprisonment, since the native prisoners, being separated from their families in gaol, are suspended from the possibility of increasing their numbers by generation. The fourth cause arises from the absence of due morality respecting marriage— one man may have from 2 to 5 or more wives by right of inheritance, and retain them, if he can, vi et armis ; the effect of this is certain, for example, we read that the Lex Julia and the Papia Poppaea were famous Roman laws, forbidding polygamy and concubinage, and were passed chiefly with the view to maintain their population, though also intended as a moral code. But In connexion with this cause, there is an evil which I feel unwillingly compelled to notice, and which reflects disgrace on some of our white population, and injury to the native ;— ' Amans accessit, pretium policens, Unus et item alter, ita ut ingeniums est omnium Hominum a labore proclive ad libidinem ; Accepit conditionem, dein quesstum occipit— TER. AND. I have mentioned these causes of decrease minutely, to show that none of them would exist if my proposed system became general. The breach of the law of God and men is the chief cause, it appears, of the reduction of population, and this fact leads to the following conclusions — namely, all men are kept from the breach of law and its consequences, either because they have been taught to avoid such acts as are illegal, or because temptation or opportunity does not occur to them, or because they foresee the evils that would follow ; but these people have not been taught to avoid crime, they are reared and live in the midst of temptations, and do not calculate cause and effect, as we do ; while tbe single fact of knowing that some acts (by them accounted just, but by us called crimes) may be attended with punishment, is the only restraint they have. Again, ' Even if the office of the State be limited solely to the preservation of 'life and property,' and for these ends alone ' the Powers that be are armed with the civil sword,' then it would appear not only by the argument a fortiori, but by the whole tenor and spirit of the Gospel, that a Christian Government most have a right (and lie under the obligation) to teach the moral law of God, for the violation of which it exercises the high prerogative of inflicting death. If love be a more powerful motive than fear, if even public executions are found to harden rather than terrify, sorely it is the wisdom and duty of a Christian Government to educate the young and instruct the old, rather than leave men to the wild passions of their corrupt nature, and the unrestrained habits of colonial life. Police and gaols and criminal sessions are at best but miserable substitutes for the moral and spiritual teaching of Christianity.'— The Right Rev. Bishop of Adelaide's charge. Secondly— The moral degradation of the natives can only be cured, whether in the young or old, by gradual eradication —by establishing institutions or native villages on the self-supporting principle. It is necessary here to answer objections against the system of native villages, which were tried in New South Wales, and failed ; but I have provided already for this objection, and also the cause of failure, which I have met and remedied both in my introduction and in the 3rd chapter on the subject of union of discipline with liberty of the will. Thus I place them on the footing of the children of the State, whose duty and right it is to legislate for education ; in this I refer to the arguments of Aristotle on Politics, book 8. I would show and convince the natives of the advantages we design them to possess, but would not allow them the opportunity of displaying fickleness or indulging their roving habits, by returning to the bush, after having partaken of the liberty of the State, in the same manner as the dutiful parent will choose a proper course for his child —send him to school, and does not allow him to act upon a fickle and perverse will, at an age when judgment is defective. I would with all hardship be removed from their position, but force them to a certain degree of submission, if unruly (see Gaius the Roman Jurist on emancipation from parental authority.) Again, in sanatory mutters, the State does not ask, but commands the compliance of the subject ; the enlisting soldier cannot display fickleness or waywardness of will, and leave his regiment ; still he is not a slave, but perfectly free; and if precaution is used not to deceive or offer bribes to gain possession of the natives, they would, after a short, I may say momentary restraint, and perhaps without hay at all, as I before stated, become perfectly happy, and at home iu their new mode of existence. These villages, I suggest, should be situated near our towns, for various reasons ; and they should form a species of asylum, open to all, and offering perfect protection to those who placed themselves within their jurisdiction. Our civil institutions would be maintained, and moral instruction imparted ; the natives there would be free from external feuds, and would rejoice to find ' a City of Refuge,' not to be found elsewhere, from the avenger who pursues him for blood he never shed; many would flee into it, and be safe. Here again would be offered freedom from contamination from the whites, and peaceful matrimonial tranquility enjoyed, without fear of interruption ; clothing and the necessaries of life would be earned by their own exertions and their honest labour. They would be preserved from the example and temptation of intoxication, and instead of our seeing nearly naked savages, and the offensive wilgie and grease, which are used to keep off mosquitoes and flies, they would have a clean, though coloured skin, protected from those insects by decent apparel. The women, too, would soon become a finer race than we now see them, by being restrained from marrying at so early an age as they are often compelled to do by those whom they regard as their husbands from their infancy. They all would soon exchange for praise and prayer, the cursing and swearing, learnt from European influence and example. But might they not now complain, in the words of Shakspere's Caliban — ' You taught me your language, but my profit on't Is, I know how to curse ; the red plague rid you For learning me your language I' Lastly, the superstitions of our natives are numerous and arose; they have recourse to witchery and familiar spirits (poor physicians !) in sickness and distress. The manner in which the women tear their faces in grief, their doctrine of a Supreme Demon, of the transmigration of souls, and the belief that the souls of the departed hover near their grave for 18 months after death, &c;, &c.;, and their entire ignorance of the God who made them and all the world, of the Saviour who redeemed them and all mankind, and of the Holy Ghost who sanctifieth all the elect people of God,' — of future rewards and punishment, of Heaven and Hell— are, combined, just so many arguments, and the strongest that can be found, for our imparting to them the temporal and spiritual relief lying in our power. I confidently trust the few hints I have laid before the public under the subject of Native Schools, but which I have made to assume the character of Native Villages, may meet the wants and exigencies of these people, and be deemed of some use in organising a general system of Education and Civilization by our Government throughout the colony. P. S.— Having now, Mr Editor, completed the series of remarks signed * * *, upon the natives, published in eleven numbers of your journal, since the death ol Kenyan, I beg to acknowledge your indulgence, and also that of your readers, and intend as early as possible to republish the whole in a pamphlet, with such further notes and observations aa I have been unable to condense within the limits of your columns. Hoping that my efforts in bringing the subject into notice will be generously received, I am, Sir, your obedient servant. W. DACRES WILLIAMS. 