BATHURST. (from the Bathurst Free Press.) On Saturday last the town was all bustle with Sydney merchants, equipages, and gold diggers. Some of the latter having been more successful than their neighbours, had come into town to turn their gold into negotiable money. Many parcels changed hands in the course of the day. The most interesting transaction of the day in every point of view was the sale of 7lbs. 3⅞ozs, belonging to a company of four men of good character. Of this quantity 46⅜ ozs was in one solid piece, which was picked out of the earth by a poor but honest Scot of the name of Henderson. We learn from a gentleman who was near at the time when the golden prize was first perceived by Henderson, he was struck both speechless and powerless, and fell prostrate on the earth. This piece is the largest which has yet been discovered. In shape it is irregular oblong, much of the shape of a shoulder of mutton, with a tranversc diameter of 5 inches and a conjugate of 4. A smaller piece was found shortly afterwards, about 4 inches long by 2¾ inches broad, and weighing 18¾ ozs. Besides these were several smaller lumps weighing in all 22¾ ozs , making a total of 7lbs 3⅞ ozs., which was purchased by Captain Hindson of Sydney, at the rate of £3 4s 6d per ounce. A cheque for £282 3s was handed in our presence to the worthy Scotchman, who appeared as if he could hardly understand this sudden stroke of good fortune. Henderson's company had been at work four days, and con- sisted of four men. A party consisting of Messrs. Hawkins, Lane, and others— eight in number, disposed of their golden crop also on Saturday to Mr. Campbell, of the firm of Smith, Campbell & Co., merchants, of Sydney, which brought them £36 each. Tom's party sold the produce of their labours for five days, which averaged £2 per man per day for a period of five days. A party consisting of six men, of whom Mr. Smith, saddler, of William- street, was one, arrived in town yesterday. Their stock amounted to 27 ozs. 2 drs., and was pur- chased by Mr. Austin for £81 2s. We learn from Mr. Smith that his party had been five days at work, and that on an average they had washed 400 buckets of earth a day. Another company of six men, who had been at work eight days, realised gold to the value of £95 5s., making an average of nearly £2 per day each. This lot was purchased by Mr. Austin, as also several other smaller quantities, varying in value from £15 to £20. Up to the present time Mr. Austin has been tbe most extensive purchaser in town. There are considerable quantities still in the possession of parties at diggings. The following is an extract of a private letter, received yesterday by a gentlemen in Sydney from a friend in Bathurst :— May 26th. I have been to the diggings. It would require the pen of a Dickens properly to describe the scene ; such a one I never witnessed before. There are now upwards of a thousand men at work there. Good workmen, with proper implements, work- ing in parties, can earn on an average about £1 per day per man ; but there are many there who do not know how to work, and are im- properly provided, who do not earn their rations. There is plenty of gold, but difficult to get. It is the hardest work I ever saw. It would be worth your while to come up to see it. There are reports in town of gold having been dis- covered in several other parts around Bathurst. I saw one piece last night, about a quarter of an ounce, which was got a very short distance from town : but the whereabouts was kept a profound secret. I have been asked to join a party about to commence not more than seven miles away.— S. M. Herald.— May 30. The following letter has been received by a friend in town : — Diggings, 23rd May, 1851. Dear,— I have little time to spare, so you needn't expect a long letter. Myself and three mates have now been at work three days, and have got six ounces or thereabouts, of gold, making, I am told, nearly £5 a man. This seems a respectable lump, but I can assure you it is well earnt. Some of my neighbours are ap- parently doing better than we are, and others much worse. The gold we have found is all fine, or what they call dust I believe. An ad- joining company have been lucky enough to pick up a little nest, about the size of pigeon eggs, which has enhanced their earnings very materially. I should say that on that day they must have earnt from £5 to £6 a man, but there are plenty not doing more than at the rate of 10s per day, and when out of this they have paid for their rations, at the high prices that are charged here, they wont have much to shout about. There is one thing which surprises me not a little — that in many cases, stout willing men come here with a capital rig, and slave from morning to night from dew to sunny eve, and do perhaps only moderately well. Others will come with tin pots and pan lids, aided, perhaps, by a two pronged pitchfork, or a superannuated fire shovel, and do a raking business. A little shrimp of a fellow, about the size of an Esqui- maux Indian, with no earthly implement but a two forked stick and the ghost of a dilapidated frying-pan ; and would you believe it, the in- significant varmint did a stroke to the tune of about £5 in half a day; whilst, at the same time, our company, all strapping fellows, with strong limbs, and a way of using them, were then doing very little. I felt intensely dis- gusted with myself, and was half inclined to look upon my fraction of a friend with respect. But he was what is termed a lucky man, and I would not have you imagine that on account of his extraordinary success, intending miners are to come provided with forked sticks and frying- pans. The same sort of luck may fall to the lot of those who are better accoutred, and so far as a steady business is concerned, their chances are ten to one. Sydney people are thronging very fast upon us, and as we hear that they line the roads by hundreds, my impression is that they will be compelled to go prospecting. We are now as thick as mushrooms after a brisk shower on a fine summer's morning. Some of these old California diggers attempt to come the bounce over us, and assume a great deal on their ex- perience ; but as a general rule, they are not a fraction more fortunate than our untutored selves. One little fellow came here a few days ago, and after measuring and bullying' and winking and cursing, in a style which was in- tended to let us know that he was aware of a thing or two, he went to work like not a grave- digger, but a gold-digger. The sparks flew from the point of hit pick, thick and fast, and the sweat drops rained from his forehead. Now and again he dashed into the creek, up the hips, with his cullinder, and shook and waved it most scientifically. This killing pace he maintained about two hours, when all at once his heart was broke. The " dust" did not come at his call, and ashamed of his braggadocio, he quickly shouldered his pick and washing machine, and bolted into the hills like a red shank, and has not since been heard of. If you come bring plenty of bedding, wool- len clothing, a month's rations, a good pick or two, and a heavy crowbar, light ones being of no use. A little spirits to revive your own, after leaving the cradle, would not be amiss. You cannot keep yourself dry. I will write again shortly and give further particulars. Yours, truly, *♦* 