THE coTTimra. WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 20, 1851. extremes of weather, A BURLESQUE DRAMA, written in ridicule of the Kotzebue sentimentalism of the German drama, introduces two characters on the stage, who, having exhausted all their stock of sent!, ment, and being at a loss what to do, suddenly exclaim- I " Let us swear an eternal friendship." Accordingly they embrace one another most pathetically, and solemnize an eternal friendship. *' The friends of Sir William Denison's Government," who met recently at Messrs. Mezger and Basstian's for the purpose of agreeing to an address to be presented to His Excellency on his return to " this-the seat of Government," appear to have been reduced to a similar predicament, when they suddenly exclaimed, " Let us present an address." As at Goldsmith's haunch of venison dinner, the announcement of a coming pasty startled the whole company, so did this device of an address waken up their dormant faculties. \- what, a pasty, re-echoed the Scot Though splitting I'll still keep a corner for that " We'll till keep a corner," the lady cried out, " We'll all keep a corner was echoed about. All chimed in with the address-let us present an address ; but then comes the question, what should they say? Upon this point let the address speak for itself; and we are much mistaken if His Excellency will not be quite as much disappointed at its tenor as ever the company was at the sudden announcement of the party being left out of the baker's oven. We have no objection to its presentation; its omissions are far more ominous to His Excellency's Government than anything that it contains is likely to prove of service. The expression of the hope, that it may be long before his Government shall be regarded as matter of history, is quite a burlesque on the preceding: paragraphs. It is in Oriental phrase, as much as to say, " May your shadow never be less ;" or, in English vernacu- lar, " will you not leave us a lock of your hair ?" Matter of history ! What is to become matter of history? His Excellency's zeal for the Queen's service and which is but another phrase for it, the exertions of His Excellency to develop the resources of this rising colony, and the ability he has displayed in public works I " The analogy is, indeed, somewhat far-fetched but these are the topics on which the future historian of Van Diemen's Land must exclusively dilate. Mr. Degraves was in the chair. No one had a better right to nod approvingly on this subject than that gentleman. He has secured to himself, through the contempt expressed by Sir Wm. Denison for everything not beginning and ending in himself ; or, so which is another phrase for it," through ignorance of the subject, for true knowledge is never con- temptuous the whole power over the supply of water to the town for which " the Queen's service will, at no distant day, have to pay most handsomely. Thereupon Mr. Degraves has a right to join in with the address ; but if we had that gentleman's unbiassed judgment on public works, or Mr. Thomson's either, who is a practical man, we do not hesitate to say that they would have undertaken by contract to have executed all the public works constructed, or in progress of construction, in Sir W. Denison's time, far cheaper and for more efficiently than they are performed at present. The present system is only kept up for the purpose of repaying the Home Government their contribution towards the Police and Gaols. As a matter of curiosity, not as a " matter of history," we should like to know whether Mr. Degraves does not supply the piles for the New Wharf far cheaper than the Government can supply itself? We may also enquire what has been the cost of the public works since Sir William Denison's arrival ? Place them in juxta- position, and then let the colonists decide on the precise amount of gratitude they are indebted to His Excellency on this head. The dock is useful and we are unwilling to deprive His Excellency of the credit of it but to build loose walls with intervening piles, which His Excellency must know, from the experience of the New Wharf, are subject to decay, was, in the opinion of most practical men, injudicious. However, this is the only subject on which they have the courage to congratulate His Excellency. The address appears something like a foreign newspaper which has been subject to the censor and comes out a blank, with the exception of a few remaining phrases of complimentary tenor towards the Court. Where is the occasion for it. The fly-flappers are desirous of' brushing a blue bottle fly from his imperial nose. Nothing remarkable has trans- pired he has encountered no dangers-but a thought suddenly strikes them-" Let us get up an address." They have got up an address, and a most dainty dish it is to set before His Excellency. The conclusion is irresistible, that if no more can be said in his favour by his friends," how much can be said against him by his opponents ? As no necessity whatever appears for its presentation, we can only guess at the cause. Has he discovered gold, or the philosopher's stone ; or is he really the man with the iron mask ; or Casper Hauser, or the antipodean ghost of some distinguished character of old? Is he a wraith, a myth or symbol? Is he John Gilpin, that they are going to Bridgewater to see him ride, and to wreath " the pike" with garlands ? Is he going to read the address with his mouth, a la Poyser instead of his eyes? That he will have to swallow it is indeed a subject of pity more than merriment. May good digestion wait on appetite, And health on both. 