DR. NEWMAN TO HIS ANGLICAN FRIENDS. ° There is but one set of persons, indeed, who inspire the Catholic with especial anxiety, as much so as the open sinner, who is not peculiar to any communion, Ca tholic or schismatic, and who does not come into the present question. There is one set of persons in whom every Catholic must feel intense interest, about whom he must feel the gravest apprehension, viz., those who have some rays of light vouchsafed to them as to their heresy, and as to their schism, and who seem to be closing their eyes upon it ; or those who have actually gained a clear view of the nothingness of their own communion, and the reality and divinity of the Catholic Church, yet delay to act upon their knowledge. You, my dear brethren, are in a very different state from those around you. You are called by the inscru table grace of God to a great benefit, which to refuse is to be lost. ? You can not be as others ) they pursue their own way, they walk over this wide earth, and see nothing wonderful or glorious in the sun, moon, or stars of the spiritual heavens ; or they have an intellectual sense of their beauty, but no feeling of duty or. of love towards them ; or they wish to love them, but think they ought not, lest, they should get a distaste for the mire and foulness which is their present position. They have not yet had the call to inquire, and to seek, and to pray for further guidance, infused into their hearts by the gracious Spirit of God ; and they will be judged according to what is given them* not by what is not. But on you the thought has dawned that possibly Catholicism may be true ; you have doubted the safety of your present position, and the piesent pardon of of your sins, and the completness of your present faith. You, by means of that very system in which you find yourselves, have been led to doubt that system. If the Mosaic law, given from above, was a school master to lead souls to Christ, much more is it true that an heretical creed, when pro perly understood, warns us against itself, and frightens us from it, and is forced against its will to open for us with its own hands its prison gates, and' to show us the way to a better country. So has it been with you You set out in simplicity and earnestness' intending to serve it, and your very serving taught you to serve another. You began to use its prayers and act upon its rules and they did but witness against it, and made you love it, not more but less, and carried off your affections to one whom you had not loved. The more you gazed upon your own communion, the more unlike it you -*rew ? the more you tried to be good Anglicans, the more you found yourselves drawn in heart and spirit towards the Catholic Church, it was the destiny of the false prophetess that she could not keep the little ones who de voted themselves to her; and the more simply they gave up their private judgment to her, the more sure they were of beitu-- thrown off by her, against their will, into the current of attraction which led straight to the Mother of their souls. So much has gone on month after month, and year after year; and you have again and again vowed obedience to your own Church, and you have protested against those who left her, and you. thought you found in them what you liked not, and you have prophesied evil about them and good about yourselves ; and your plans seemed prospering and your influence ex tending, and great things were to be ; and yet, strange to say, at the end of the time you have found yourselves steadily advanced in the direction which you feared, and never were nearer to the promised land than yoa are now. O look well to your footing, that you slip not ; be very much afraid lest the world should detain you ; dare not in anything to fall short of God's grace, or to lag behind when that grace goes forward. Walk with it, co-operate with it, and I know how it will end. You are not the first persons who have trodden that path ; yet a little time, ' ? and, please God, the bitter shall be sweet, and the sweet bitter, and you wiil have undergone the agony, and shall be lodged- ' safely in the true home of your son Is-, and the valley of peace. Yet 'but a little while and you will look out from your resting. place upon the wanderers outside ; and won* der they do not see the way which is now so plain to you,, and be impatient with them that they do not come on faster. And whereas you now are so perplexed in mind that you seem to yourselves to believe no thing, then you will be so full of faith, that you will almost see invisib'e. mysteries, and will touch the threshold of eternity. And you will be so full of joy as to wish all around you partakers of it, as if for your own relief ; and you will suddenly be filled with yearnings, deep and passionate, for the salvation of those dear friends whom you have outstripped ; and you will not mind their coolness, or stillness, or distance, or constrained gravity, for the love' you bear to their souls. And though they will not hear you, you will address your selves to those who will ; I mean you wiil weary heaven with your novenas for them, and you will be ever gettipg masses for their conversion, and you will goto communion for them, and you will not rest till the bright morning comes, and they are yours once again. O is it possible, that there is a re surrection even upon earth ! O wonderful grace, that there should be a joyful meeting after parting, before we get to heaven i It was a weary time, that long suspense, when with aching hearts we stood on the brink of a change, and it was like death to witness and to undergo, when first one and then ano ther disappeared from the eyes of their fei lows. Arid then friends stood on different1 sides of a gulf and for years knew nothing of each other or their welfare. And then they fancied of each other what was net, and there were misunderstandings and jealousies,' , and each saw the other as his ghost, only in imagination and in memory ; and was sus pense, and anxiety, and hope delayed, and ill-requited care. But now ic is all over; the morning is come ; the separate shall unite. I see them as if in sight of me. Look at us, my brethren, in our glorious land ; look on us radiant with the light cast on us by the saints and angels who stand ever us; gaze on us as you approach, and kindle as you gaze. We died, you thought us dead, we live ; we cannot return to you, you must come to us, — and you are coming. Does not your heat ts beat as you approach us? Do you not long for the hour which makes us one? Do not tears come into your eyer at the thought of the superabundant mercy of yom God ? Sion, the citv of our strength, a Saviour, a wall and a bulwark shall be set therein. Open ye the gates and let the just Nation that keepech the truth enter in ; the old error is- passed away ; thou wilt keep peace, peace because we have hoped in thee. In the way of thy judgments, O Lard, we have patiently waited for Thee-. Thy name and thy remembrance are the desire of the soul, 0 Lord our God, other lords besides Thee have had dominion over us, but in Thee only may we remember Thy Name, 'lhedead, let them not live : the giants, let them not rise again ; therefore thou hast visited and destroyed them, and hast destroyed all their lnemoroo' 