TO THE LAITY OF THE CHURCH OF * ENGLAND. Launceston, September 15, 1851. FELLOW- CHUaCHAcaN,-Certain references which I made at our late meeting to the prayer-book appear to have excited considerable opposition, and,. if I were to pay that deference which on any other subject I should feel disposed to do', totie opinionk of many for whom I entertain a great respect, should not impose upon myself the present task. But in this matter, let the step be ever so mistaken, there can be no danger, by the publication of tlfe truth, of injury resulting to the cause of p5le religion-the evil consequences, if any, must revert upon myself alone. We have all freely and rightly denounced the appearances in ourchurch ofprinciples and practices which we have termed Romanising, but have we sought to discover the source of these evils, which belong to our sect alone P Whilst we decry the practices, shall we, as if ashamed to expose our deficiences avoid the question -" Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition P" No, if we unsparingly comment upon the doctrines which have displeased us, let us seek the root. Examine then the course of education the youth intended for the ministry are subjected to; come then to the form of admission to the office of deacon, where the individual is required to declare -that he trusts he is inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon himself the office. Follow him to his initiation as a priest; hear his fellow-mortal, placing his hands on Ijim, say " Receive. the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Priest in the church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. , Whose sins thou dest forgive, they areforgiven; and whose sinsthou dost retain, they are retained." Accompany him to the chamber of the sick open now your prayer-book under the title " Visita tion of the Sick" and read-" Here shall the sick person le moved to make a special confessio pf his sins, if he feels iis conscience troubled with any weighty matter. After which confession, the priest shall absolve him (if ho humbly and heartily desire it,) after this sort:--" Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to hischurch to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in him, of his great mercy forgive thee thine offences. Amn by his authority committed to me, 1 absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the rather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Some will argue that our church does not require all this to 'he received literally, but what says the 36th article-that the ordering of priests and deacons doth contain all things necessary to such consecration and ordering; neither hath itaanything that of itself is superstitious and ungodly, 4c. Much space might be occupied in the considera. lon of these points in connexion with the proceed Ings of some of the ministers of the church, both here and at home, and also in devising measures for the cure of what we so justly complain of. But that is not my present object; I say,-ponder well these things. To acquire a perfect knowledge of our own faults is the first and best step towards the amendment of them.-I remain, your well wisher, D. A. Tuaesa. 