A" CRISIS IN THE AFFAIRS OF MR JOHN BULL. As related by Mrs. Bull to the Children Mrs. Bull and her rising family were seated round the fire, one November evening at dusk, when all was mud, mist, and darkness, out of doors, and a good deal of fog had even got into the family parlor. To say the truth, the parlor was on no occasion dog-proof, and had, at divers notable times, been so misty as to cause the whole Bull family to grope about, in a most confused manner, and make the strangest mistakes. But, there was an excellent ventilator over the family fire-place (not one of Dr. Arnott's, though it was of the same class, being an excellent invention, called Common Sense,) and hence, though the fog was apt to get into the parlor through a variety of Thinks, it soon got out again, and left the Bulls at liberty to see what o'clock it was, by the solid steady-going, family time-piece; which went remarkably well in the long run, though it was apt at times to be a trifle too slow. Mr. Bull was dozing in his easy chair, with his pocket-handkerchief over his head. Mrs. Bull, always industrious, was hard at work, knitting The children were grouped in various attitudes around the- blazing fire. Master C. J. London (called after his Godfather), who had been rather late at his exercise, sat with his chin resting, in something of a thoughtful and penitential manner, on his slate and his slate resting on his knees. Young Jonathan-a cousin of the little Bulls, and a noisy, overgrown ladies making a tremendous uproar across the yard, with a new play- thing. Occasionally, when his noise reached the ears of Mr. Bull, the good gentleman moved impatiently in his chair, and muttered " Con found that boy in the striped!. I wish he wouldn't make such a fool of himself 1" " He'll quarrel with his new tearoom, I know," observed the discreet Mrs. Bull, 2 and then he 'II begin to knock it about. But we mustn't expect to find old heads on young shoulders " " That can't be, Ma," said Alastor C. J. London, who was a sleek, shining faced boy. And why, then, did you expect to find an old head on Young England's shoulders ?" re- torted Mrs Bull, turning quickly on Mr. " I didn't expect to find an old head on Young England's shoulders I" cried Master C. J. London, putting his left-hand knuckles to his right eye. " You didn't expect it, you naughty boy ?" said Mrs Bull. " No 1 * whimpered Master C. J. London. " I am sure I never did. Oh, oh, oh I" " Don't go on in that way, don't I" said Mrs. Bull, but behave better in future. What did you mean by placing with Young England at all?'' " I didn't mean any harm I" cried Master C. J. London, applying, in his increased distress, the knuckles of his right hand to his right eye, and the knuckles of his left hand to his left eye. " I dare say you didn't 1" returned Mrs. Bull " Hadn't you had warning enough about playing with candles and candlesticks-, ? How often had you been told that your poor father's house, long before you were born, was in danger of being reduced to ashes by candles and candlesticks? And when Young England and his companions began to put their shirts on, over their clothes, and to play all sorts of fantastic tricks in them, why didn't you come and tell your poor father and me, like a dutiful C. J. London ?" " Because the rubric-" Master C. J. London was beginning, when Mrs. Bull took him up short. " Don't talk to me about the Rubric, or you'll make it worse I" said Mrs, Bull, shaking her head at him. "Just exactly what the Rubric meant then, it means now and just exactly what it didn't mean then, it don't mean now. You are taught to act, according to the spirit, not the letter and you know what its spirit must be, or you wouldn't be. No, C. J. Loudon he said Mrs. Bull, emphatically. " If there were any candles or candlesticks in the spirit of your lesson book, Master Wiseman would have been my boy, and not you 1" Here, Master C. J. London fell a crying more riotously than before, sobbing, " Oh, Ma I foster Wiseman with his red legs, your boy I Oh, oh, oh I" \- " Will you be quiet, returned Mrs Bull, " and let your poor father rest ? I am ashamed of you. You to go and play with a parcel of sentimental girls, and dandy boys! Is that your bringing up?" "I didn't know they were fond of Master Wiseman," protested Master C. J. Loudon, still crying. " You didn't know, Sir 1'' retorted Mrs. Bull. " Don't tell me 1 Then you ought to have known Other people knew. You were told often enough, at the time, that it would come to. You didn't want a ghost, I suppose, to warn you that when they got to candlesticks, they'd get to candles and that when they got to candles, they'd get to lighting 'em and that when they began to put their shirts on outside, and to play at monks and friars, it was as natural that Master Wiseman should be encouraged to put on a pair of red stockings, and a red hat, and to commit I don't know what other Tom fooleries and make a perfect Guy Fawkes of himself in more ways than one. Is it because you are a Bull, that you are not to be roused till they shake scarlet t close to your very eyes?" said Mrs. Bull indignantly. Master C. J. London still repeating " Oh, oh, oh 1" in a very plaintive manner, screwed his knuckles into his eyes until there appeared considerable danger of his screwing his eyes out of his head. But, little John (who though of a spare figure was a very spirited boy,) started up from the little bench on which he sat; gave Master C. J. London a hearty pat on the back (accompanied, however, with a slight poke in the ribs and told him if Master Wiseman, or Young England, or any of those fellows, wanted anything for himself, he (little John) was the boy to give it them. Hereupon, Mrs. Bull, who was always proud of the child, and always had been, since his measure was first taken for an entirely new suit of clothes to wear in Common, could not refrain from catch- ing him upon her knee and kissing him with great affection, while the whole family expressed their delight in various significant ways. . "You are a noble boy, little Johnny' said Mrs. Bull, with a mother's pride, " and that's the fact, after everything is said and done I" "I don't know about that, Ma;" quoth little John, whose blood was evidently up ; " but if these chaps and their backers;- the Bull's of Rome'' "Here Mr. Bull, who was only half asleep, kicked out in such an alarming manner, that for some seconds, his boots gyrated'fitfully all over the family hearth, filling the whole circle with con- sternation. For when Mr. Bull did kick, his kick was tremendous. And he always kicked, when the Bulls of Rome were mentioned. Mrs. Bull holding up her finger as an injunc- tion to the children to keep quit, sagely observed Mr. Bull from the opposite side of the fireplace, until he calmly dozed again, when she recalled the scattered family to their former positions, and spoke in a low tone. -You must be very carefully said the Worthy lady, "how you mention that name; for, your poor father has so many unpleasant experiences of those Bulls of Rome Bless the man I he'll do somebody a mischief." Mr. Bull, lashing out again more violently than before, upset the fender, knocked down the fire irons, kicked over the brass footman, and, whisk ink his silk handkerchief off his head, chased his Pussy on thorough clean out of the room into the passage, and so out of the street-door into the night; the Pussy having, (oswell known to the children in general,) originally strayed from the Bulls of Rome into Mr. Bull's assembled family. After the achievement of this crowning feat, Mr. Bull came back, and in a highly excited state performed a sort of war-dance in his top-boots, all over the parlor. Finally, he sank into his arm-chair, and covered himself up again. Master Cels London, who was by no means Sure that Mr. Bull in his heat Would not come down upon him for the lateness of his exorcise took refuge behind his slate and behind little John, who was a perfect gamecock. But Mr. Bull' having concluded his war-dnnce without injury to any one, the boy crept out, with the rest of the family, to the knees of Mrs. Bull, who thus addressed them, taking little John into her lap before she began : " The B.'s of R. said Mrs. Bull, getting, by this prudent device, over the obnoxious words, .' caused your poor father a world of trouble, before any one of you were born. They pretended to be related to us, and to have some influence in our family ; but it can't be allowed for a single moment nothing will over induce your poor father to hear of it let them disguise or constrain themselves now and then, as they will, they are, by nature, an insolent, audacious, oppressive, intolerable race " > Hero little John doubled his fists, and began squaring at the Bulls of Rome, > as be saw those pretenders with his mind's eye. Master C. J London, after > some considerable reflection, made a show of squaring, likewise. " In the days of your great, great, great, great grandfather," said Mrs Bull, dropping her voice still lower as she glanced at Mr. Bull in his repose, " the Bulls of Rome were not so utterly hateful to our family as they are at pro sent We didn't know them so well, and our family were very ignorant and low in the world. But, we have gone on advancing in every genera- tion since then ; and now we are taught by all our family history and experience, and by the most limited exercise of our rational faculties, that our knowledge, liberty, progress, social welfare and happiness, are wholly irreconcileable and inconsistent with them. That the Bulls of Rome are not only the enemies of our family, but of the whole human race. That wherever they go, they perpetuate misery, oppression, darkness, and ignorance. That they are easily made the tools of the worst of men for the worst of purposes and that they cannot be endured by your poor father, or by any man, woman, or child, of common sense, who has the least connection with us." Little John, who had gradually left off squaring, looked hard at his aunt, Miss Eringobrnh, Mrs. Hill's sister, who was grovelling on the ground, with her head in the ashes. This unfortunate lady who had been, for a length of time, in a horrible condition of mind and body, and presented a most lamentable spectacle of disease, dirt, rags, superstition, and degradation. Mrs. Bull, observing the direction of the child's glance, smoothed little John's hair, and directed her next observations to him. " Ah 1 You may well look at the poor thing, John I" said Mrs. Bull for the Bulls of Rome have had far too much to do with her present state. There have been many other causes at work to destroy the strength of her constitution, but the Bulls of Rome have been at the bottom of it and depend upon it, wherever you see a condition at all resembling here, you will find, on inquiry, that the sufferer has allowed herself to be dealt with by the Bulls of Rome. The cases of squalor and ignorance, in all the world most like your aunt's, are to be found in their own household on the steps of their doors in the heart of their homes. In Switzerland, you may cross a line, no broader than a bridge or a hedge, and know, in an instant, where the Bulls of Rome have been received, by the condition of the family. Wherever the Bulls of Rome have the most influence, the family is sure to be the most abject. Put your trust in those Bulls, John, and it's in the inevitable order and sequence of things that you must come to be something like your Aunt, Sooner or later." I thought the Bulls of Rome had got into difficulties, and ran away, Ma?" said little John, looking up into his mother's face inquiringly. " Why, do they did get into difficulties, to be sure, John," returned Airs. Bull, and so they did run away ; but, even the Italians, who had got thoroughly used to them, found them out. and were obliged to go and hide in a cupboard, where they still talked big through the key-hole, and presented one of the most contemptible and ridiculous exhibitions that over were seen on earth. However, they were taken out of the cupboard by some friends of their friends, indeed who are as much about them as I do for the sea-serpent ; but who happened, at the moment, to find it necessary to play at soldiers, to amuse their fretful children, who didn't know what they wanted, and, what was worse, would have it and so the Bulls got back to Rome And at Rome they are anything but safe to say, as you'll find, my dear one of these odd mornings," " Then, if they are so unsafe, and so found out, Man's said Master C J. London, " how come they to interfere with us, now is " Oh, C. J. London I returned Mrs. Bull, " what a sleepy child you must be, to put such a question I Don't you know that the more they are found out, and the weaker they are, the more important it must be to them to impose upon the ignorant people near them, by pretending to be closely connected with a person so much looked up to as your poor father? ' "Why, of course I cried little John to his brother. " Oh, you stupid 1" " And I am ashamed to have to repeat, C. J. London," said Mrs. Bull, that but for your friend, Young England, and the encouragement you gave to that newling little Pussy, when it strayed hero-don't say you didn't, you naughty boy, for you did 1" " You know you did I" said little John. " Master C. J. London began to cry again, "Don't do that" said Mrs. Bull, sharply, " but be a better boy in future I say, I am ashamed to have to repeat, that, but for that, the Bulls of Rome would never have had the audacity to call their connexion, Master Wise- man, your poor father's child, and to appoint him, with his red hat and stockings, and his mummer by and flummery, to a portion of your father's estates-though, for the matter of that, there is nothing to prevent their appointing him to the Moon, except the difficulty of getting him there And so, your poor father's affairs have been brought to this crisis that he has to deal with an insult which is perfectly absurd, and yet which he must, for the sake of his family, in all time to come, decisively and seriously deal with, in order to detach himself, once and for over, from these Bulls of Rome and show how impotent they are. There's difficulty and vexation, you have helped to bring upon your father, you had child" " Oh, oh, oh I" cried Master C. J. London. " Oh, I never went to do it. Oh, oh, oh 1" " Hold your tongue I" said Mrs. Bull, " and do a good exercise 1 Now that your father has turned that Pussy out of doors, go on with your exercise, like a man and let us have no more playing with any one connected with those Bulls of Rome ; between whom and you there is a great gulf fixed, as you ought to have known in the beginning. Take your fingers out of your eyes, hair, and do your exercise 1" "-Or I'll come and pinch you I" said little John, " John," said Mrs. Bull, " you leave him alone. Keep your eye upon him, and, if you find him relapsing, tell your father." " Oh, won't I neither 1" cried little John. " Don't be vulgar,'' said Mrs. Bull, " Now, John, I can trust you. Whatever you do, I know you won't wake your father unnecessarily. You are a bold, brave child, and I highly approve of your erecting yourself against Master Wise- man and all that bad set. But, be wary, John; and, as you have, and deserve to have, great influence with your father, I am sure you would be careful how you wake him. if he was to make a wild rush, and begin to dance about, on the Platform in the Hall, I don't know where hold stop.'' Little John, getting on his legs, began button- ing his jacket with great firmness and vigor, preparatory to action. Master C. J. London, with a dejected aspect and an occasional son, went on with his exercise. ' 