THE PEABODY CORRESPONDENCE. LBTrKR THE TWhNHETH. From the same to Mr. Anthony Lafayeti e Steiveller, of Haarlem, 8cc. Fribnd Stbivellkb,— There was one period of my life when I was supremely happy, although 1 did not then know it ; it is only Binoe I have been knocked about tbe world, tossed hither and? thither like a tennis ball,-that I have learned how blessed was my ' lot in tbe days of my childhood. We then lived in a' little cottage, whioh overlooked the Hudson, and our garden extended down to the banks of tbe river. This proximity would- have been rather dangerous for two- such mischievous young scamps as Zeb. and I, but onr careful father had run a fence along the edge, and put up a gate at one end with a latch so high that he flattered himself it would be utterly impossible we could ever reaoh it. I do'nt know \- what sort of a yo anker be was, but he was most grievously mistaken if he thought that we would not find some ingenious plan of over coming this difficulty; we soon did, and for many an hour, un- noticed and unseen, we sent forth our paper boats to sail upon tbo suface of the broad Hudson — to float for a time, till sodden with water, they 9unk beneath- its- tide. If I had been old enough to be a philosopher, I might have thought this amusement of oars a true ' pioture of human life— the waters of the noble river— the world, our cock boats — the pilgrims who were sent to wrestle with its waves ; but i had no 'such ideas in my head, and as fast as one disappeared from view, another was sent forth to share the same fate. These were happy days, when the sun of each day rose brighter tban that of the preceding one, and when care and sorrow kept outside the paling whioh bounded onr little farm. We had a great many visitors, principally women, who used to come in when father waBgone to town, to spin a yarn with mother. She, good soul, tolerated what she had no fancy for, and never allowed them to interrupt her in her work, whether she was making a waistcoat for the old man or kneadiDg Johnny cakes for his sup per. There was one venerable lady of whom Zeb. and I stood in considerable awe ; ber hair was more than grey, it was white, her face was wrinkled, and her eyes looked as if they had once been blue, and that time had faded their colour. 1 used to think she was so old that she had only a dim recollection tbat she was once young, and I often asked myself was it possible that that withered, dried up, old lady could ever have been as young and as' blooming as my own sweet mother, who, the very personification of patience,, used to sit most contentedly, and listen to the old woman's stories of persons who had died, and events whioh had happened years before her auditor was- born ; sometimes she used to wander strangely, she would begin to talk about a wedding, and before she got half through the marriage ceremony she would stroll into the church yard, and describe the funeral of some old friend, who bad died years and years before. She would commence a narrative about Washington, whom she had once seen ; and before she- finished the picture, she would produce a most accurate likeness of a ferocious Hessian who had made love to her, and would infallibly have made her his bride— or something else, if she had not been rescued by an attack of Yirginian horse. But there was one thing she never forgot — her " drop," and as father always kept a bottle in the cupboard, my lady was never a quarter of an hour in the house before she would give a very significant hint that a sight and a taste of the brandy- would be very acceptable. After a little while, my good mother, knowing her weakness, did not wait for- prompting, but as soon as she had seated herself comfortably in the chair, lo ! the bottle was beside her. She lived abont half a mile from us, in a house which was her own property, and where she ruled with absolute authority while her husband (who was a sailor, and had an uncommon partiality for long voyages) was away. He was many years younger than she was, and I believe tbat at the time of their marriage all the love was on her side. Zeb. and I stood in considerable awe of this venerable lady, and yet as soon as- we saw her, at her usual slow pace approaching tbe bouse, we were sure to leave off play and go in doors, where, one at eaob side of our mother, we used to stand listening with mouths wide open to all the strange medley oi ancient and modern records which the < Id woman doled out while she drank her brandy, and stowed away whole slices of our best seed cake. I confess it was- not without considerable anxiety we used to watch the disappear ance of this last article. Every mouthful seemed so much of our natural- perquisites taken away, and it was quite a relief when she used to push away ber plate, and to mother's gentle pressing would reply : " Really, 1 ca'nt, Mrs. Peabody. I could' at eat another bit if it was to save my life.'' The great attraction- which the conversation of this memorial of antiquity had for us, was wben she left the terrestrial alone, and touched on the supernatural ; she bad stories uf ghosts and hob goblins without number, and she used to jumble them up together,, intermingling their horrors in Buoh an awful way, and with suoh frightful looks, that if tbe most blooming peach that was ever ripened by tbe sun had been placed in onr little room, we would-' not have ventured to go up in the dark to take it. It was a great blessing that we used to run about so much by day, and fatigue ourselves so that we used to drop off to sleep as soon as onr heads - were laid upon the pillow. We slept together, and strong in mutual love, we wound our arms round each other's neck, and sank into a slumber so profound, and almost' always so dreamless, that many a- , time as, ere she herself retired to rest, our dear mother would lean over to kiBB her boys, she was-fain to bend her ear to catch the -sound of our breathing, the only token that we were living.. This said old lady was a most uncompromising believer in dreams and omens of all kinds, the particular crow of tbe cock, the howl. or the dog, or the melancholy mew of a love-stricken oat, were to her so many volumes of revealed, predictions. She looked upon all- these respectable individuals as being so many prophets, whose ..warning was not to be negleoted or despised,.and she firmly believed that she was eminently capable of interpreting tbeir admonitions Then as to dreams, she could explain them as glibly as you oould: detail them, nay more, she conld supply- any hiatus in your narra tive, and fill up the chasms whioh a defeotive memory or a more placid slumber had produced. She was always dreaming herself, and it would have been a very perilous thing to have committed a murderin onr neighbourhood, the assassin oould never have escaped while we had so experienced and so scientific a dreamer in the parish. I remember one day she came over to oar house, looking the very pioture of woe and misery, either real or affected. It was long before onr kind hearted mother could soothe her,. and a tumbler of good brandy had followed the fortunes of many such a predecessor, before she could muster resolution or comfort enough- to detail the story of ber sorrows. On the preceding night, she had dreamed that her husband, who was absent on a whaling voyage, had fallen overboard and was drowned. So firm was her conviotion of the truth of her Bleep imaginingB, that she actually ordered her mourning, and had it made, while nothing but tbe fear of her neighbour's tongues kept her from putting it on. She was not idle, however ; there was not ahouse within ber range where every member of tbe family that dwelt therein conld not detail every particular of the occurrences of that dreadful night, from the moment that she put her nightcap on her head, and the extinguisher on the candle, till tbat in which she awoke to consciousness, in the full persuasion that she bad dreamed a true and decisive dream. So- ably did the argue the point with unbelievers and with sceptics that even they were staggered in their ideas, and were half-inclined to believe that she might be correct. When lo ! one fine morning, with his good natured looking face all bronzed with the sun, old Jack stepped upoo his own floor. Not only was he alive, bnt he had never been in danger of his existence ; he had made a good trip, and was determined to enjoy himself for a good spell upon dry land. I verily believe that she never liked him afterwards ; she was more vexed that he should have contradicted her dream, than pleased that he should have returned in safety. Sh» soon made the house too hot to hold him—a woman can do that fifty different ways if she likes— and before be had been ashore three months, he was off again. No omens marked his departure— no dreams fore- -shadowed his destiny, and yet from the hour when the vessel in which he sailed sank beneath the horizon, losing sight of the tower of Sandy Hook and the heights of Navesink, she was never more heard of. For years her fate has been a mystery — a secret which none now living can ever re veil, and the old woman sank into the grave which had long yawned for her, without knowing whether her husband had preceded her to the shores of the unknown sphere beyond the earth, or was yet a wanderer through the world. 'Time rolled on ; I left the peaceful home where I had dwelt for so many years ; I entered the lists to combat like the rest, and so 1 have journeyed on, at one time victorious, at another beaten down and vanquished, but I have never forgotten that old woman, her dreams, and her wild and fearful stories. It is hard to efface the impressions made npon the mind in childhood, even though the rough stones of the world tried hard to rub them away. There are very few men so hardened in crime that yon cannot give life to a spring of better feeling in their hearts, by recalling the day when they were yet young, and a happy home had shielded them from the storms and tempests of the world ; and we have it on record that in more than one case, where repentance was almost despaired -of, the image of youth thus brought baok vividly to memory has acted as the " open sesame'" to the soul, inducing a holier and a purer thought. As I think of the old lady whose character I have attempted to sketch in ontline, I wonder how it is that we who are or pretend to be so enlightened, should be quite as superstitious as the people of former generations, whom we look upon as little better than savages. Among the ancient Romans, dreams and omenB of every description were held in high repute, disembodied spirits walked about at their convenience, and the ghost of Ctesar visited the tent of Brutus. We are disposed to attach but little credibility to the records of these eventB, and yot there are many, who pass for sensible clear-headed men, who wonld exact from us a belief in similar occurrences happening in our own day and on our own soil. Oh the Continent of Europe the different superstitions take their tone from the history of their individual lands : the wars of the Moors, the chivalrous exploits of the Abencenages and the .Zegris have peopled the hills and valleys of Spain and Portugal with a race of ethereal ereatures, at once fanciful and romantic. Se cluded beneath the shadows of the tottering tower, or drooping in sadness over the parched fountain, appear forms of more than mortal beauty which are imagined to be the wandering spirits of the daughters of 'Islam, who in the days of the glory of their faith, led happy lives within those time worn walls, or laved in the waters of those fountains which now, like the fame and fortunes of their race, are withered and dried up. The Peris of the East, a pleasure loving, voluptuous race, shadow out the characteristics of the people of the climes which they are supposed to haunt; and the Irish elf is like his countrymen of mortal mould, a joyous frolic some fairy, with a considerable spice of wild mischief in his com position. The shores of our own New YiJrk are haunted by the spirits of the buccaneers of old, who found in its retired bays and inlets refuge from the swords of their foes. If we have no fairies,— strange to say, the whole race has a great antipathy to emigration— if we have no gentlemen and ladies, clad in green, flitting about 4>tir meadows beneath the soft light of the moon ; yet we have famons Captain Kyd and his merry men. We know sundry spots along the coast where I would uot fancy to walk of a dark night ; for the leaven kneaded into me by the old lady has never fairly forked itself out, and I certainly must confess that I would rather not risk an interview with the terrible old pirate, who contrived by some very vigorous manoeuvre to find his way from Exeoution Dock, near London, to bis old quarters in America. Bat whilst I ac knowledge my weakness in this respect, and while I say that I have not the slightest anxiety to meet with the spirit of one who 'has lived and now is not ; yet at the same time, reason tells me that £ am startled at a shadow, that the departed can never return to the world, and that once the soul has shaken off the load of clay, in which it was enshrined, it can never more return to earth. It has found a new home ; linked by ties immortal to those which have preceded it, there is a barrier between it and earth too strong to he easily or lightly overcome. Such is my belief; and although I may feel somewhat scared when the thought of all that has been dinned into my ears -from my childhood steals over my mind in the hours of dark and gloomy solitude, yet in the broad daylight 1 fearlessly assert my total disbelief of all supernatural appeaaanoes, my utter want of confidence in omens and dreams, and all those old women's yarns which are so many bugbears to children— and very often to grown people. With me, and with many others who think and feel as I do, although perhaps they would not be so candid as to confess their feelings, it is the reason of the man trying to overcome the credulity of the child ; but the effort seems to be in vain, and I suppose I shall go down to the giave with a most laudable antipathy to ghosts, and a very strong disinclination to hold any intercourse whatsoever with vagrant spirits. Whether when I join their ranks myself I shall feel any diminution of this distate I cannot say ; bnt sbonld I have the opportunity, and that I leave you living after me, I may be tempted some night to stand by your bedside and explain my feelings and sentiments on these matters. I'll warrant that after this hint, should you hear of my death, you would'nt sleep ma eh for the next month. As the European race of fairies has not condescended to cross the Atlantic, and pitch their tents amid the forests and meadows of Columbia, it could not be reasonably expected that tbey would undertake a much longer travel and camp amid the wilds of Aus tr&lia.; Thus, deprived of the old source from which the stock of their youthful superstition was so prolifically drawn, the descen dants of the Saxon and the Celt have fallen back npon a stream of legendary horrors which is deeply tinged with the spirit which pervaded the land in the earlier days of its settlement. Tales are told of the murdered appearing to strangers and pointing out the spot where the assassin had hid the body of his victim, in the hope $fcat human eye would never again look upon it, — the spot is pointed out where such a circumstance oceurred, and you will be told that it was in consequence of that apparation the murder was discovered. I must say that the yarn, to which I listened with .great attention as it was spun by different persons, startled me a little. Their several accounts corresponded so well with each other that the amount of evidence in favour of the supernatural seemed conclusive ; and it was not till a few days since, that I heard a version of the story which strengthened my unwillingness to credit what I was firmly convinced could not be trne. i was informed that some boys, playing near the spot, bad seen a portion of human hair upon the fence, and found a human tooth close by, and that this was the firsts park, which subsequent discoveries kindled into a fierce and destructive flame. The apparation, said my infor mant, was an afterthought, and may have originated from some hallucination of a mind which had been long and seriously medi tating on the circumstances mentioned above. Should this have been the case, it extinguishes one of the best and most accurately detailed stories which it has been my lot to read or hear of. But these apparent discoveries of hidden crimes are not confined alone to visitations from the victims, — the living have, as it is said, lent their aid by their dreams. The world has heard of the murder in the u Red Barn" — it created an immense sensation in its day- it made the fortunes of a number of " penny gaffs," besides light ening the pangs of poverty to a host of showmen. It was said that it was a dream of the mother of the murdered girl which first led to. the discovery of the crime. I never could look upon such a dream as anything extraordinary, much less supernatural ; the la9t time the victim was seen was in the vicinity of the barn, in company with him who was at once her seducer and her mur derer,— she never left that roof alive — no eye saw her departure, or ever looked upon her again in life. What could be more natu ral than that suspicion should be directed to that spot, and that it should be thought that if she had met with foul play, that building would be likely to afford some traceB of her fate ? These thoughts preying by day on the mind of the anxious mother, were renewed in her dreams by night ; and ignorant that in most cases such dreams are but a repetition of events which have occurred pre viously, she looked upon such a dream as something more than natural, and the suggestions of which were to be more depended on than the suspicions of her waking moments. Her proceedings in consequence led to the discovery of the body and the conviction of the murderer ; but I question very much whether the same re sults would not have followed if the mother had never dreamed. Publie suspicion had been awakened, the eyes of the neighbourhood were directed to that fatal barn, and sooner or later the crime must have been discovered. We have had an occurrence here of a similar nature, and that very lately. At this very moment lies, in the condemned cell of a district gaol, a trembling and despairing wretch, awaiting the moment when the Executive shall exercise a power which man alone has given to them, and doom him to death. I have no moral doubt of his guilt ; I am satisfied, in my own mind, that he sent his grey- haired victim to a bloody grave, but I question very much the utility of allowing the opinion to gain ground that the discovery of his crime was occasioned by a dream. There were ample and manifold circumstances calculated to excite a well founded suspicion, without it needing the intervention oJ a night vision. It might be perhaps an afterthought, created after the finger had already pointed to the man and the place, — his own conduct was such as would reasonably induce that suspicion, and the lucid evidence adduced at the trial proved that it was by no means necessary that man should go beyond bis own reason to bring the murderer to justice. It may be 'said that the dream first directed the attention of the authorities to the scene of the crime : I cannot think so, suspicion was rife, and if there had been no dream, it would have prompted a search, and of oourse pro duced a discovery. I do not believe in dreams then. I cannot find any record of a single case where such a dream visited the sleeper, unless there was previously generated a strong suspicion ; and looking at the many dangers which a belief in such visipns would entail upon society, the great power of inflicting evil which it may place in the hands of the designing and the wicked, I am decidedly of opi nion that such a mode of discovering crime sbonld never be allowed to operate, unless it be corroborated by circumstances so strong that the conviction shall be entirely independent of it. It may be very well for gossips round a tea table, or a winter's fire, to talk of such things, but reasoning and thinking men should fling aside all Buch puerile superstition, for ill my humble judgment it is nothing more, and be governed by that alone which is tangible. Private enmity may dictate a supposed dream, the occurrences of the past day, its thoughts and feeliDgs may be repeated at night, enriched with all that glow of fancy which sheds a halo of romance over the visions which haunt us in our sleep. I may be wrong ; it may be that the great Supreme, in the plenitude of his wisdom, may so rule the world that, in cases where human judgment might be at fault, he permits the spirit of the victim to return to the earth from whioh it was driven, to bring the murderer to the bar of justice, or else infuses into the spirit of the sleeper a more than mortal wisdom, which enable him to guide, with unerring accuracy, the ministers of the outraged law. It may be so, bat I must have some more satisfactory proof than any which I have yet, read or heard of, before I can believe that the spirits of the departed revisit the earth, or that dreams are a medium of communication between heaven and earth. Let me know your opinion and your arguments in favour of whichever side you espouse, and believe me, yours, &c.;, sincerely HIRAM W. PEABODY. Cbild Stealing. — The man Moran who was last week ad mitted to bail for the purpose of going to Pitt Town to bring back the boy Farrell, whom he had taken up the country with him on a previous occasion, appeared before the Police Magistrate on Tuesday morning, with the boy. The latter was placed in the box but he did nothing but answer " yes" and " no," and cry most bitterly. Moran was dismissed with a caution. Brkacb op the Police Act. — A man named Straddles was brought up on Tuesday, charged with a breach of the Police Act by suffering a cow, his property, to stray upon the Race Course on the morning of the previous Saturday. In answer to the defen dant the constable said it was a ' magpie" cow, red, black and white. For the defence a witness was called who could prove nothing for or against, and the Bench having found the defendant guilty, sentenced him to pay a fine of 10s., and 5s. costs, in de fault, a distress to be levied on his goods and chattels, if he bad any, otherwise, seven days imprisonment. The defendant, who said he had nothing, and expressed his firm determination of going to gaol sooner than pay anything, was then removed in custody ; however, he soon altered his mind and paid the fine and costs. The Queen v. CaLUNAN — The defendant in this case, who laBt week had been convicted of suffering a cow to stray upon the Race Course, and who on that occasion had solemnly protested that there was no case against him, again appeared before the Police Bench charged with having allowed two more of the same description of animals to wander about that portion of the Race Course which is more especially under the protection of his Honor the Chief Justiee. On the night of the 10th instant, a constable named Jeffry had found five cows in that enclosure, which he im pounded, and two of which were afterwards claimed by the-de- fendant. The defendant renewed his plea that he had no cow, and that be bad only, in the benevolence of his heart, gone to the pound to release the cattle for the rightful owner. The Bench, however, could not see the force of his special pleading, and find ing him guilty, sentenced hlrri to pay a fine of 5s.. and 5s. costs, in default, his goods to be levied, and if not sufficient, seven days imprisonment. 