SEYMOUR. FROM our OWN CORRESPONDENT. Feb 15, 1851. Several pressing matters have for the last few weeks interrupted my commu- nications from this quarter, but in future I fully expect nothing material will occur to disturb my usual regu- larity. It would appear that the all import- ant topic of discourse from every quarter is "the weather, bush fires, destruction of property and loss of life." Thank Heaven as yet the settlers in this dis- trict have escaped that dreadful scourge "Fire " wliich has laid waste other portions of the colony. For the last six weeks the weather has been as warm here if not fully more so, than in many places where the late fires were prevalent, indeed, on " Black Thursday " as it is called, I heard individuals who have been upwards of twenty years in the colony declare, that it was the hottest day they ever felt. The bush was on fire in all directions round the township, but fortunately no damage was done. Tth greatest sympathy is expressed by every one for the unfortunates at Lil- more, the Plenty and other places. At length we are to have a bench of magistrates. The parties appointed to rule over us, seem to give general sati-- faction. It is indeed high time some steps were taken to uphold the dignity of law in this locality. The place was getting notorious because the forging gentry, and forging vagabonds knew well that there was not even tho ghost of a policoman nearer than Kilmore or Bro- ken River. Were it not for want of time I could havo informed you on seve- ral occasions within the last two months, of various transactions which ought to have como before the magistrates, such as horse stealing and uttering forged orders, besides which there were two parties attempted to stab with a knife and one drunken ruffian actually stabbed " black fellow " who was working at the lnn and who did not give him the slightest provocation. I observe the correspondent of tho Argus is as usual blowing his own trumpet. He takes to himsedf all the credit of advocating the establishment of a bench of magistrates in Seymour, and seems to think that the columns of the Argus have a degree of might in public matters ; correspond- ing with its fabled " hundred eyes." In all probability his borrowed conceit prevented him from reading the Daily Notes of The Herald, for in those jour- nals he could have soon that this sub- ject was pressed upon the executive from time to time until we have now got the matters satisfied. Yesterday morning the Broken River constables passed through here with two prisoners ; one of them has been com- mitted for stealing a fiock of sheep and selling them to Mr Hogg, publican, at Faithfull's Creek. It is with pain I have to mention an instance of teetotal bigotry and uncalled for magisterial interference. Verily, we live in strange times ! It would seem that the advancing intelligence of the age only serves to make men more in tolerant and fanatical. Every year has its mania, and according to all accounts mesmeric and teetotal nonsense seem to be the prevailing mania of the year of grace 1851—but let me tell my story. Amongst the paintings and drawings which decorate the walls of one of the elegantly furnished parlours in the Robert Burns Inn, are several specimens of penmanship executed by a wandering genius called Frank, the poet. The land- lord of the inn had them neatly framed and hung up, and hundreds have ad- mired their beauty. It would appear that one of those busy and important individuals who delight in meddling with other people's affairs has taken high offence at one of those specimens of pen- manship, because it happened to be in part only a poetical advice to teetotalers. I say, in part only, for within the same frame, are Lord Byron's inscription and elegy on a Newfoundland dog, and the Lord's Prayer within the compass of a threepenny piece. I enclose you a copy of tho verses, and I am sure they would not disgrace your poet's corner. Well, our meddling friend fancies that the verses ridicule teetotallers; he writes to his honor the superintendent, and his honor writes to the Kilmore Bench on the subject; the Kilmore Bench write in their turn to the landlord of the Robert Burns requesting him to remove tho offensive picture. The picture (for I can call it nothing else) was removed at once. So far the complaining tee- totaller may be satisfied, but there is something so intolerant and offensive in the whole proceeding that it would be a sin not to mark it with public censure. Doubtless for good and sufficient reasons the law is severe on publicans, but is it not absurd in the extreme to make a spe- cimen of penmanship the object of magis- terial enquiry, bcause, forsooth, it seems to offend a few solitary teetotallers ? I do not blame the magistrates much ; they were instructed by his honor to write to the landlord, but every honest and liberal minded man should condemn the party or parties who in their bigoted zeal brought a respectable man in collision with the magistracy. Only fancy the like being doue in England. Why the whole press from the Times downards would rise in indignation against such fanaticism ! Suppose the verses to have been on free-masonry or odd- fellowsliip, would these respect able bodies not be as fully justified in complaining as the tee- totallers ? Assuredly they would. But I deny that they ridicule even tee- totallers ! They contain good whole- some advice—which it would be well for them to read, mark, learn, and in wardly digest—and even supposing that they (tee-totallers) are ridiculed, the beauty of the execration ought to atone for the sarcasms of the composer. Why is it that in this land of liberty and liberal sentiment, there is so much real oppression ? If our fatherland were endued with the same spirit, the mirth- inspiring pages of Punch would long ere now have ceased to create a single "broad grin." Has that peri- odical not ridiculed public men and public measures times without number ? But who would dare think of blunting its wit ? The insane attempt would only be laughed at. But where is this med- dling and interference to stop ? I fancy that the tee-total malady has taken such a firm hold of our rulers, that very soon a publican can hardly put a bed, chair, sofa, or painting in his rooms, without being inspected by a government officer. It would be better to go the whole animal at once, and then people would be on their guard. To conclude :—Let me tell all tee-totallers who may chance to see this, that if they think they can gain their end by such means as detailed, their mistake will be most complete. The evil complained of carries within itself an infallible cure. 