BEPORT OF THE OPINIONS OF THE CLERGY OF SOUTH AUS TRALIA, ON THE " HINUTES OF PROCEED INGS OF THE AUSTRALASIAN BISHOPS," AT STONEY, IN OCTOBER, 1850. To THE ItlGPT BEVEBEXD THE LoBD BlSHOP OF ADELAIDE : - Chapter House, Adelaide. Feb. 5. 1850. I My Lord,-We, the Clergy of the Diocese of j j Adelaide, having deliberated at your Lordship's suggestion, upon the "Minutés of Proceedings at a meeting of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops of the Province of Australasia, held at Sydney, in October last," have-now the honour of submitting fur your Lordship's consideration, our views and opi- j nions thereon, as embodied in the following propo sitions. Though unfortunately under the necessity of differing from your Lordship on many points, we trust that our manner of doing so will be deemed unexceptionable. We are persuaded that we only do justice to the Chief Pastors of the Australasian Churches by giving them credit for a sincere and earnest desire to advance the,interests of true reli gion in their respective dioceses. As Presbyters and Deacons of tue Church of England, we must claim to be considered no less desirous of securing the attainment of the great ends of the Church's institution. lt was not thought necessary to remark upon those matters contained in the "Minutes" which ' are determined by the rubrics, referred to the deci sion of the Ordinary, or, judging from the general usages in the mother- country, left to the discretion of each individual clergyman. Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity on minor or trivial matters would, it is to be feared, not only fail in its object, bot would tend to engen der strife and evil surmisings. The Church needs rest. May its Chief Pastors be endued with the spirit of wisdom, power, love, and of a sound mind ; and may we all-Clergy and Laity-be divinely enabled to maintain the faith " iu unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life:-" . Propositions above -referred to. 1\. That our proceedings may be made public. _ 2\. That we proceed to the consideration of the "Minutes" seriatim; omitting, however, all dis cussion upon the question of baptismal regeneration, except to affirm on the propriety or otherwise of its introduction into the " Minutes." 3\. That we regard the meeting of the Bishops respectively of Sydney, Tasmania, Kew Zealand, Adelaide, Newcastle and Melbourne, simply as a voluntary assembling of the Chief Pastors of the Australasian Dioceses, to confer upon matters affect ing the interests of the Church. 4\. That, while we approve mainly of the objects on which the Bishops proposed to consult, as speci fied in Section L-We cannot refrain from express ing regret that as they had not conferred with their respective Clergy before their meeting, they should have forwarded their " Minutes" to England with a view; it is presumed, tb Imperial Legislation, with out previously submitting them to the Clergy and Laity of their respective Dioceses. Future Synods and Conventions. 5\. lhat adverting to chap, iii., "On Future Synods and Conventions,'' we are of opinion that it*would be preferable for the Clergy and Laity to meet in one Assembly or Convention, consisting ol every licensed Presbyter having cure of souls, and one or more Laymen, chosen by and out of thc members of each congregation, in full communion, and presided over by the Bishop of the Diocese. Subdivision of Dioceses and Nomination oj Bishops. 6\. That the right and power of Her Mos) Gracious Majesty to subdivide the Australasian Dioceses and to nominate Bishops thereto hat hitherto been wisely and beneficially exercised, anc ought for the present to be retained intact ; anc that, should a period arrive when it should bi deemed expedient that Her Majesty Bhould re linquish the right of nominating to Colonial Sees, we are of opinion that, according to ancient usage Such right of nomination should be vested in th« Clergy-of the Diocese over which the Bishop is t< preside. Church Membership. MINUTE.-On a discussion of the phrase "dolj baptized," it was understood that th< word "duly" was intended to be ex plained by the words following, vis. "with water, m the same ef the Father Son, and Holy Ghost," aad not to refer i the person baptizing. ~ - nisczpixirEt Clergy. 7\. That, as the Australasian Bishops ''disclaim the right, power, or wish " to suspend or revoke at their own discretion, the licences of Clergymen, we are of opinion that the licences to incumbencie should, as far as possible, be in the same form < j words as those issued to incumbents in En giant and not revocable at " pleasure." 8\. That it is desirable there should be a power < depriving Clergy, convicted of unmorality or heres; of their incumbencies. Status of Clergy. "9. That we view with some degree of fear an disapprobation- the desire of the Australasia Bishops to license Clergymen to charges of " temporary nature," and the wish expressed t them "that candidates for Holy Orders'* " shoul place themselves" entirely "at the disposal < their Bishop for some definite term of years, an leave to him the responsibility of appointing an changing their station during such period;"-es s believe sneh a policy, if general, Would und« present ciro ams hui ces, be injurious to the trait benanee of mental independence, doctrinal purit; and pastoral fidelity among the junior Clergy, an I would be inimical to their domestic comfort an general usefulness. 10\. That ik is of th« utmost importance to tl respectability, influence, and efficiency of the cleric body in this Diocese to keep up, aa far as possibl the standard of secular and theological learning f< 'candidates for Holy Orders which is required by tl Bishops at home. 11\. That, u^dsrpresent circumstances it is n< desirable to admit to the Diacenate, for the servit yoi the Chureh in this Diocese, persons whose p« TÎous^osidoo in she colony would materially iropa .their influence. - 12\. That, for the due prerserration of order an harmony, it is desirable tb at no Deacon or Catecbi should be introduced into any district already und« ibe care of & Presbyter, bnt on the nomination of Buch Presbyter, to whom the said Deacon or Catechist should be subordinate. LITURGY. Marriage of persona neither of vohom belongs to the Church, j 13\. That whereas up to a recent period no marriages of Dissenters in Eugland were legal unless celebrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Established Church, and whereas at the present time the majority of Dissenting marriages are so celebrated in the mother-country, we are of opinion that no Australasian Clergymen ought to refuse to marry any parties who may apply to him though they be not members of our com munion. Ministering to Dissenters. 14\. That, while we are relieved from any Lgal " obligation" * to perform religious services for persons who are not members of eur Church," yet, to gnard against any misconception, we desire to express our readiness to afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, to any who may need or desire them. MINC TE.-We deem it inexpedient to express an opinion on some points touched upon in chapter vii., as we believe these points roust be left, to a certain extent, to the discretion of the Officiating Minister. We feel bound, however, to remark that in Í , section 9, letter d. no mention is made of marriages to be solemnized on certificate from the Registrar's Office ; but we can not suppose that it is intended by 6uch omission to condemn the solemnization of such marriages by Ministers of our Church. We desire also to express the difficulty we are under of understanding' what is meant by the advice of the Bishops to repel from the Holy Communion persons who have married within the prohibited degrees " until they have repented and be reformed? Holy. Baptism. 15\. That the introduction by the Australasian Bishops of the question of Holy Baptism into their " Minutes" was uncalled for and injudicious ; that the construction put by them upon the "Creed, Articles, and Liturgy," with respect to this subject, wonld, if imposed, be tantamount to a new article of faith ; and that the dogmatical determination of a question which has ever been practically con sidered an open one, virtually narrows the terms of communion with our Church. Education. 16\. That, whilst desirous of seeing a school established in connection with every church in this colony, we shall be prepared to regard favour ably any system of eduction in which the Bible shall be the basis of the instruction given. Missions. 17\. That we hail with great satisfaction the establishment of the Australasian Board of Mis sions, in connection with our Church, with a view to the conversion of the aboriginal inhabitants of Australasia and the Isles of the Western Pacific ; and we earnestly hope and pray that such measures may be adopted and carried out by its members as may be crowned with the Divine blessing. JAMES FARRELL, Dean of Adelaide, and Incumbent of Trinity. WILLIAM JOHN. WOODCOCK, Canon of Adelaide, and Incumbent of Christchurch. THEODORE PERCIVAL WILSON, Canon of Adelaide, and In cumbent of St. John's. W. H. COOMBS, Incumbent of St. George's, Gawler. JOHN CHARLES BAGSHAW, In cumbent of St. Marks's, Pen- wortham. AUTHUR B. BURNETT, Presbyter, Incumbent of St. Stephens's Willunga. JOHN WATSON, Incumbent of St. Matthew's Kensington. JOHN W. SCHOALES, A B.. T.C.D., Officiating Ai mister, Mac gill. JOHN FULFORD, Deacon, Incumbent of St. Mary's, Sturt, and Christchurch, O'Halloran Kill. E. K. MILLER, Deacon, Head Master of Pulteney-street School, and Assistant Minister of Christchurch, North Ade laide. SA ML. PERCY RICHD. ALLOM, Second ¡Master St. Peter's Collegiate School. { 