',WEDNESDAY MORNING, MAIRCI 216. fo'rti SIDES OF TIlE QUESTION. THE ' Gcelong Advertisel' is avowedly conducted on the principleof -triht impartiality, interfering with no man's creed or faith, and odvocating to the fullest extent that perfbet freedom in nmatters of opinion, which is usual!v known lbyv the phrase, "Civil and ]etligicus Liberty." Wlenever, therefore, anything applars in our colunns, which seems to trencoh (ou religious or theologie.l grounds, our readers nine ret :asured that wne are acting simply in our vcentihn of an impartial recorder of cr.-cs, and that hetlher the matter relates to the Church of RIme, or the Church of England, or the Clhurch of Scotland, or any Pro testant church or sect whatever, it is i iertt.d because it is one of ti.e passing events of the day, and therifore IItsioiie.to ,. In this spirit, ;'C lupeo?oe to give " 1oth sides of the Quesition," inll the grent controver;y ra;;ini in England on the subject of the f measures. of the Papnal See, for re-esta'l lini a Rliaon C.t tholic hLicrarche in the mother country. Al though fl.are 'eers mlrim'rings :niongst the P'rotestants of i rent liritiin, after the apper' ance of the Papal bull, there was no open out. break until, on the ave of the fifth of Novyembr, Lorl Jhn Rlwell applied a torch to the pile, by I Is letter to the IHi?hp of I),rhams. Si'nce then, I glwt n s been in a franutie tit, of exeitement; anh the wlJresse-, aipe.a1, letter, &,, which the coitroeUl?y l:as l .o.iue,!, co:ne so thick nion , thatu, with one or two ' celtons, we call only describe or condense them. Cardinald Wiseman, the New Archbishop of Westminster, comes first into the field, with an " Appeal" to the people of Englaund. Although this documeut is lonu, we have thought it our duty to give it verbatim in our column.s, becanuseo of its inportance, and she positionof the writer. It may be regarded as the tformal defence of the Pope, by one of the lea.ling advisers of his floli ness, mi the re-establlishment.of a .oman Catho lie hierarchy. This document, therefore, will speak for itself, and we leave it to the juidgment of such of our readers as are interested in a controversy, which has so deeply stir;eo all ranks and all rc.reedls in Great Britain. The next document before us, is a "Pastoral Letter," from Dr. Ullathorne, who under the Pope's authority, has assumed the title of Bishop of Birmingham. We have not srace for this letter, andti can only describe it. Dr. Ullathorno exhorts the clergy and laity under his charge to bear with patience the persecution to which they are subjected, but on their behalf hlie com plains of the insult andecontumely poured on the Roman Catholic faith, because of the Papal moa sures. He also denies that the Pope has minter terfered dith the supremacy of tha Queen. lie says, "the Pope has in no wise acted as a So vereign, but as a bishop, andi as the bishop of bishops, as the supremo pastor of the church. Our Parlianient itself made this distinction three years ago. An act was passed to allow diploma. tic relations with his Holiness ini the capacity of Sovereign of Rome, but not as Pope. And how could this be done, unless there were a visible, plain, and admitted distincton between Pius 1\. as Pope, and Pius IX. as Sovereign of Rome ?" The Times takes up the Pastoral of Dr. Ulla thorne, but the most significant portion of the article is the hint that the government intend to apply to Parliament bfor an nact to suppress the newly-crested Roman Catholic Sees. rhe Times says, " Let Dr. Ullathorne imagine, if he canm, on the faith of history, which he dare not quote, that the foun dations of his episcopal chair will only be conso lidated by the interference of the State. We tell him that the days of his episcopate are num bered, that it is n'ot because his chair is built upon a rock, but merely because his appointment has been adroitly m;ule during the recess of Parliament, that lie is in the enjoyment of that sent the foundations of whic h lie dreams are eternal, and that, though it bha not in the power of our Legislature to prevent him from havinsig been the first Roman Catholic Bishop of Birming lham, it will most assuredly be their will, and be completely in their power, to provide that he shall be tho last." I iThe next document is a letter frpm the Arch bishop of Canterbury, in answer to ai addreass from the Archdeacons and 0Clergy of his Diocese. The Archbishop says-" You justly observe that the appointment 'of bishops to take spiritual charge of the several counties of England and Wales is in direct opposition to the statutes of a country which alffirm that no prelate or potentate hath, or ought to hare, any jurisdiction or autho rity within this realm, in which the Queen's Ma jesty, under God, is the sole supreme governor. W'ehen a foreign potentate assigns particular dis tricts of the reahlm to be ruled over by his episco pal delegates and nominees, he certainly assumes to himself a pre- eminenee and power which is opposed to the spirit and purport of our law." £he Archbishop exhorts the clergy to maintain the parity of the Protestant faith aainst the errors of the Tractarians and the Church of Rome; and he adds, " The clergy who addressed me may depend upon my using whatever in ftiuence belongs to the high oilffice and station to which I have been called, to maintain her Ma jesty's 'royal prerogative and title, and to assert the rightful clasms of the church of Eng land.' " The Free Church of Scotland, in General As sembly, on the 20th of: November, adopted a report, in which they-declare the Pope to ha Antichrist, and the MIan of Sin, and " That the recent procedure of the Pope, in setting up an ecclesiastical hierarchy with territorial dioceses, and intruding a cardinal into this realm, is well fitted to awaken the alarm of all soe?R. Protestants and patriots; and that this cenmmission will cordially rejoicein all constitu tional efforts that can be made by the govern ment and people of this country to nmeet this unprecedented and andacious aggression upon a free andl independent Protestant kingdom. We come nowe to a different class of thinkers from any of the preceding. The London ' Weekly Despatch' has a writer who signs his letters " Publieola ;" and the present Pablicola of the Despatch is the well-known A?. J. Fox, a London Unitarian minister of extreme views, and who was one of the regular orators of the Anti Corn Law Leagne. Mr. Fox is at present a memboniker of Parliament, being one of the repre sentatives of Bolton in Lancashire. 1'Publicola speaks the sentiments of those who look upon all bishops, Protestant or Roman Catholie, as the representatives of a system which seeks to en slve the human mind, andi who contend that all sects should be placed on the same level. Hence Publicola attacks Lord John Russell. ie says, -" Contemptiblo as VWhiggery has made itself of late years, a firtner fall into the abyss be neath conteimpt was scarcely to be antielipated. Lord Johi Rnssell has however taken the plungeo. i1e has indited a No-popery epistle to the news papers. At least he has sent such an epistle to the Bishop of Durham, and to write to a cler gyman anything against the Pope just now that the whole profession is ready to burst with theo logical bile, is the same thing subhstantially as a direct contribution to the columns ofour contem poraries. The devout document appeared si multaneously in the morning journals. Lord John is at the height of popularity among the pa rsons. He has kieked old Guy and clapped' his torch to the tar-barrel, lie promises to ex amino the laws in existence agiinst Popery, and to deliberate on further enactments. There wanted but this to completo Whig degradation, to fiawn upon Church bigotry, and cant against a "-foreign yoke upon our minds and con sciencees.' The house of Russell does penance at the tomb of Percival." iPublicola also says:- This revival of the Papal hieornrhy is nodonbt rather impudent. Church men are always impudent, the Anglican as much as any. But if we tolerate P'opery at all, w:o must tolerate its Bishops and CardinaLs. It is childish to say that the Papists may have their religion, but may not have their priests; the priesthood being'as essential to the Romish re liion as the tathes to the established religion.' one thing which makes the clergy so angry is, that they are caught in their own trap. They pointedly disown dissenting preachers, The Non conformist minister is only in "pretended holy orders." And they have always maintained the spiritual validity of Romish orders. Even Sir Harry Inglis will not deny that, a Papist ishop is a real authentic Christian Bishop. Apostolic descent comes via Rome. Well, then, by the late appointment, hero ard two Bishops in one see, Tlihat will not do The Bishop of the minor church is logically ousted, The spiritual heir takes his own Our Bench has proved itself an intrusion into the vineyard. Christ's representative hals come, as in thm parable, and they are going (in spite of their own doctrine) to Inlabour amd turn him out according to precedent. What business have personas, with no pretensionas to the holy Ghost, save what thoey derive oriinally friom the Pope, to call on the Protestantse of England to rally romnd them ? Real l'rotestanlism has as little to do with the one Churlch as with the other. The first princi pie of l'rotestantism is the right of private aul menut. Speal.in of the clergy of the church of Elnglaiui, l'ablicola- that, is, J. \'. Fox, Al. '. says, inI a veryr cot|mptuous spirit, "Protestan tii? knows them not. 1t scorns alike their past ee.ls sand their present terrOrs. Andl they most h? h:oked to, like mad dog's. The pulpiti ravings lhow them to be mnsafo. Unless care be tiken, wr shi^Il Inva clneria rioti. Special con s:nblei dijuuhl be sworn in. Thei Ike-te of the ni2tropulis ji. in inure pciril from the Church lhan ever it leas from time Chmirtists 