WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The thirtieth annual meeting of the New South Wales Wesleyan Missionary Society was held in the Centenary Chapel, York-street, on Monday evening last. The chair was occupied by Alderman Allen, M.L.C., who, after prayer by the Rev. N. Turner, of Parramatta, called on the Rev. Joseph Oram to read the Report, which, after a few preliminary remarks, proceeded as follows: In order to form a correct estimate of the importance of the Wesleyan mission field, it will be necessary to classify the various Missions now carried on by the Society. Under the Apostolical declaration, that we are debtors to Greek and to barbarian, to bond and to free, to civilize and to uncivilized, your missionaries are found labouring among nations greatly differing in civilization and intellectual culture. They are not ashamed to preach the Gospel of Christ" in semi-infidel France and Germany, and they are not afraid to suffer and die for Christ while labouring to convert the most degraded heathen in the deadly climate of Western Africa To the Great Head of the Church, who calls and qualifies his servants by diversities of gifts for their respective spheres of usefulness, be all the glory. 1\. The Missions is nominally Christian countries first claim our attention The object of those Is the revival of spiritual religion by the preaching of the great doctrine of justification by faith, and by the exhibition of the realities and principles of heart communion with God. In the darker portions of Ireland, in France, Germany, Switzerland, Spain, and in the territories of the King of Sardinia, in Northern Italy, forty-six of your missionaries are now labouring, and amid much persecution and discouragement are setting precious sped weeping." A considerable portion of the remnant of the Ancient Church of the Waldenses, located in the valleys of Piedmont, is now under the pastoral care of Wesleyan Missionary. In Continental Europe the number of our Church members is about 4801). 2\. The Mission to the negro races formerly held in bondage, but now possessing the right of freemen in the British West Indies, is the most ancient of your mission fields, and one of the most -an/ cessful. We contemplate the success of these Missions with peculiar satisfaction. The foot of the reception and experience of the truths of the Gospel has vindicated the claims of the despised descendants of Saul to be considered as a man and a brother. Recent economical changes in the commercial policy of the British Government have seriously affected the pecuniary position of the colonies, and have so far lessened for a time their ability to meet the full claims of their local expenditure. One proof of the success of Christian Missions, meditative same time a cheering sign in reference to the future social advancement and prosperity of the West Indies, is to be found in the fact that the majority of the respectable coloured population now filling situations of influence in these colonies, have been mainly indebted for their present positions in society to the spiritual and educational efforts of Wesleyan, Independent, Baptist, and Moravian missionaries. In this field of labour your Society employs 85 missionaries, and the number of Church members about M 000 3\. The Missions to the negro races in Western Africa, and to the independent tribes of Southern Africa, employ 30 missionaries, and number about sails Church members. Christianity is opposed in Western Africa, not only by idolatry accompanied by barbaric cruelty, but also by the influence of the slave trade and the effects of a deadly climate. Your missionaries in Sierra Leone, the Gambia, and Ashanti, go literally with their lives in their hands, is ready and a willing sacrifice to the highest and best, interests of Africa. A large proportion of the missionaries employed labour a brief period and then die in the prime of life The chapel grave-yard in Sierra Leone is rich with the dust of these voluntary martyrs of the Mission cause. In Southern Africa, Christianity is rapidly progress- ing, although temporally checked by the disturbing influence of the war in which a portion of the Rather tribes are engaged with the Cape colonial government. 4\. The Missions to Continental India and Ceylon possess a peculiar character, being carried on among a partially civilized, although heathen population. Here your missionaries have to contend with a system of idolatry at once philosophical and sensual; with systems of religion, which not only darken and enslave the conscience, but which also tyrannise over civil and social life. Herd thirty-four missionaries labour, and the number of communicants is about 2000. The work is eminently one of faith. We cast our bread upon the waters, expecting it will come again after many days. 9, missions to the nation of Kerr ¡tiJUxnd, the Friendly and Fejee Islands, are carried on by thirty-five missionaries, and contain about 3000 church members. These Missions are much encouraging owing to the singular aptitude for civilization which characterises the Polynesian races. It is useless to advert to the first mission of the London Society at Tahiti. its history and the subsequent labour of the martyr Williams are well known. We may however direct the attention of our friends to the journal of the Revds. Messrs. Waterhouse and Laurie as furnishing most graphic pictures of the moral and social condition of these Islanders. S. The Colonial Missions in British North America, South Africa, within the Cape colony, the Australian colonies and van IHeitten's Land, carried on by 180 mis alonarles, and number ring about 25 000 church members, are inferior to Done In point of interest and importance. British colonists and (their progeny will in due time exert an overwhelming influence upon the world to maintain, extend, and perpetuate Christianity in the British colonies is, therefore, a duty which the Church of Christ niuafdfscharge, not merely for the sake of the colonists, but for the sake of the spiritual and intellectual interests of mankind at large. These Missions, most of them, are self-supporting; some of them even contribute largely towards the funds for the support of the purely heathen work and many highly respectable and useful missionaries have been raised up out of the colonial Churches 7- We have one Mission to the aborigines of New Holland in the colony of Western Australia. Many natives have give an evidence of genuine Christian feeling, and some have died in the faith of the Gospel, The institution has attracted the attention of philanthropic individuals belonging to other sections of the Christian Church. We rejoice in it with fear and trembling, as the recent establishment of a penal colony at the Swan River must be more or less injurious to the native tribes. We shall now give a general summary of all the West leyan Missions. Central or Principal Stations, called Circuits, * occupied by the-Society'in various parts of the world. 324' Chapels and other Preaching Places in con. next on with the above-mentioned Central or Principal Stations, as far SB ascertained ... 2,902 Missionaries, and Assistant Missionaries, in a' cluding fourteen Supernumeraries. 427 Other Paid Agents, as Cntbecliists, Interpreters Day School Teachers, do . 781 Unpaid Agents, as Sabbath-School To cheers, for. 8,087 Full and accredited Church Members Including Ireland). 105,394 On trial for Church-Membership, as far as as certained . 4,830 Scholars, deducting for those who attend both the Day and Sabbath Schools. 78,518 Printing Establishments. 8 | We are happy to state that the finances of the Parent Society are improving, from the last report, April 1856, it appears that £ s. d. The total amount of income received from all sources, for 1819, has been. 11 1,085 13 6 The Expenditure for BiG. has been. 109,W8 10 7 Balance of Income, over Expenditure. 2,517 2 11 Deduct this amount from the deficiency reported last year, viz. 13,358 10 1 And there remains a debt of.. 10,84113 2 The net receipts of this auxiliary for the past year, ending June 30, 1950, amounted to 10141 2'. 2d to which add 445. 10s. 7d. from South Australia, and 541 11s. 2d. from Van Diemen's Land, and the sum total will be 170 13s. raised in the Australian colonies for the support of Wesleyan missions. The contrast between the first anniversary held in Macquarie-street Chap. 1 (Sydney), October 1, 1821, and this, the thirtieth is striking, and illustrates the general progression of these colonies. At that time the sum of 2172 2s. was raised in the Sydney, Windsor, and Parramatta circuits large sum considering the then population and resources of the colony. The names of thirty-six gentlemen appear on that report as officers of the Society. Of these, three are removed to the mother country, one is in a remote district of the colony, four others yet survive, and reside in Sydney and its vicinity, and of these, two are on this platform. The rest are numbered with the dead. Such retrospections, though mournful are salutary : They admonish us " to work while it is day ; the night cometh when no man can work." The Rev. ILMansi-ikld moved the first resolution : - ," That the Report now read be received and published, with a list of the subscribers to the Wesleyan Missionary Society in this district." He did not intend to support this motion by a long speech, for several reasons. The first reason was, that the Report spoke for itself, and recommended itself to the approval of all who take an interest in the spread of the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. The second, that he had promised the Rev. Mr. Tuckfield that his speech should not exceed an hour in its delivery. The third reason was, that an esteemed friend of his, a gentleman connected with the press in this city, had expressed his opinion that if each of the gentlemen announced in the advertisement as expected to be present and take part in the proceedings, occupied about the average time in ad"dressing the meeting, it would not terminate before the late or rather early hour of one or two o'clock in the morning. Under these circumstances, and seeing that on the platform were several gentlemen who were comparatively strangers, he thought it would be as well if he, as an " old crone" should content himself with speaking within as small a compass as possible. There were however one or two points in the report to which it would be necessary to direct attention. The first was, the good old( Methodist announcement that the Society was in debt. It would be remembered by many then present that three or four years ago it was announced from that platform that the Wesleyan Missionary Society was out of debt, and that he then spoke of it as a phenomenon almost unparalleled : he, at least, did not remember ever hearing such a statement before, and from what he knew of the Society he too~k the opportunity of prophesying that that state of things would be but of short duration, And so it turns out for like a fish out of water, they were uneasy out of debt, and made haste to get into it again. Two years ago the Society was found involved in debt to the extent of £13,000, which last year was reduced to £10,000. So gloomy did the committee at home consider their position to be, that they issued a circular to the friends of the Society on, the subject. After a strict examination of their expenditure, they had come to the conclusion that retrench- ment was absolutely impossible except it was to be effected by the abandonment of some of the stations which they had taken up, and they sought the advice of their friends as to the line of conduct that should be adopted. "With permission of the meeting he would read a few paragraphs from the circular. (The quotation briefly glanced at the state of the mission in Ireland, Germany, and other places on the continent of Europe, the colonies, &c.;) This was the review which they took with a desire to ascertain what field they might best abandon. The conclusion at which they arrived was, that it was their duty to continue their operations, and appeal to the Christian Church, and especially to that section of it with which they were connected, for an increased liberality. Reference had been made in the report to the Christian liberality in this colony thirty years ago, when himself and the chairman had the pleasure, as now, of co-operating in the advancement of this mission cause. The total income of the Society, shortly before that period, was £20,000; and he was present at a conversation between the late Richard Watson and Dr. Bunting on the subject of Christian missions. Mr. Watson declared his conviction that there was an expansive power in Christian missions that would enable the society in a few years to double its income. Dr. Bunting was not so sanguine, and replied to the effect that it would be at least twenty years before the Society would realise such an income. The report now read, however, showed that the income of the Society was nearly six times the amount at which it stood thirty years ago. The Society had got out of one trouble into another and so energetic was its operations in every part of the world, that it became imperatively the duty of the Church to do more than it has yet done to keep forward this glorious work. The Rev. D. Bn.ni seconded the resolution. He said he was unaccustomed to milking public apologies, and made it his rule of action when called upon to do anything, not to stand shivering on the brink, but to plunge into the business at once. He had been asked to take the place of a gentleman of vastly superior talents and attainments, but the sermon he had prepared would do for any time and for any text. The result of his experience was the conviction that Wesleyan Methodists had three characteristics more strikingly developed than any other section of the Christian Church Catholicity of sentiment, thankfulness for the past, and Hope for the future ; let these characteristics be connected in the soul of a man, and you implant in him the finest germs of Christianity, and go far to make him such a Christian as were Paul and Peter, Wesley and Whitefield. When he sat down in contemplation of that crooked topic, Sectarianism he often found himself in that condition of mind expressed by the homely phrase, Don't know whether to laugh or to cry." He sometimes felt inclined to cry, and especially when considering recent events in Europe the Pope and his Cardinals, and the Papal aggressions-which, as one old lady said, all because of the Puseyites, who were riding England into the condition of Lord Kenyon's' household-in keeping of Lent all the year round, and Passion Week in the parlour. He had no fear, however, for the result, so long as there remained in England staunch Protestants and Catholic Wesleyans. It was a pity that John Wesley was not present at the dispute now going on he would settle it in a few minutes. Among the many books he wrote was one entitled " Observations on the History of Englands" .^Somei¿persons had alleged that the iJSiiglishi- nation) rivals disloyal to the HouSe- ¡.iofmthe. JlStuartsj, Wesley discovered a part thatihad!escaped all. former writers, and published it .ini-hia>iQbservations\ that the people of England were not chargeable with disloyalty to the Stuarts, because that the latter had no right to the crown at all. Son were he now in the scene of strife, he would soon convince even. Cardinal Wiseman that he could not charge the people of England with contumacy in not returning to the Romish Church, inasmuch as that Church had no lawful claims upon their allegiance. He often thought upon the fine sentiment of Shakespere . -*. One touch of nature makes the whole world kin ;" but he would ask, if one touch of nature does this, what should the touch of a renewed nature do -the fine spiritual touch of Christian regenerated nature ? And when he thought of sectarianism, he felt indignant as well as sorrowful. The Wesleyan Methodists displayed this catholicity, and he trusted that they would flourish and prevail, and thus be the harbingers of better times, for the Christian world. They were also thankful for success. On his way to that place, he saw on a dead wall the placard announcing the. present meeting. The bill-sticker,- designedly- or not he could not say-had posted it over another placard, but just under the words, in large characters, " Triumphant success ! Crowded audiences." He accepted the open, and he prayed, may the Wesleyan success be triumphant, and their audiences crowded. He hoped for their success believed for their success. They knew what it was to be energetic, but they knew also what it was to be prayerful. They had discovered the secret of success for " It is not by might nor by power, but my Spirit, saith the Lord, of Hosts," that the smallest success" can be achieved. He just now heard the words *" Shall we let the mission drop?" i Shall you? You dare not! It was not for nothing that God planted this land, which will one day be the grand empire of the Southern Seas it was not for nothing that he has brought to our very doors the countless islands which began those seas. I And it was a fact not unworthy of consideration, that the foundation of this colony was about coeval with the great resuscitation of Christian missions to the heathen world about the beginning of the 18th century. The Christian Church had a noble work to do, and its members should be three lingly alive to their responsibility. Millions of those who are living in the darkness of the shadow of death, are dependent on the exer- ( tions and the prayers of the Church in Australia. Let us not, therefore, give up the work in despair. He was so far Wesleyan as to be hopeful for the future. He knew by the Word of G od-the word of immutable truth that there I remained a brighter day for the world than had yet risen upon it. Already the night is far spent, the day is at hand, the shadows are fleeing away. The sons of God sang together, and shout for joy. Their joy is deeper than when creation sprang from the darkness of chaos, and beautiful Eden burst upon their view and their song is " Glory, to God in the highest, on earth peace, goodwill toward J men." The resolution was then put from the chair, and unanimously carried. The Rev. Dr Ross moved the second reso- lution "That this meeting, while offering its grateful acknowledgment to Almighty God for that measure of success which he continues graciously to vouchsafe to the Wesleyan Missionary Society, in common with other Protestant and Evangelical institutions, regards that success as furnishing additional encouragement to renewed endeavours to diffuse the privileges and blessings of Christianity throughout the world." This was a resolution very commonly brought forward on these occasions, and generally passed as quite a matter of course - an acknowledgment to Almighty God for his kindness in giving success to this and other Protestant Societies of kindred aim. But suppose that there had been no success at all, what then ? If the Report, just read, of the efforts which had been put forth by this Society, and of their fruits had been merely of the efforts and no fruits no success, either in Ireland, or on the continent of Europe, in the interior of Africa, or elsewhere, would they be at liberty to throw up the work and abandon the Society altogether to conclude that it was of no use to pay up their subscriptions - that it was like throwing money into the sea, having never heard of any good result. They were not at liberty either to speak or act in that way. The endeavour to evangelise the world lay upon them as the command of God it was their imperative duty, whether the performance of duty were followed by the hoped for success or not. God commands : it was for them to obey the command, leaving the result of their exertions entirely in his hands whose prerogative it was either to bless or to withhold his blessing as it may to him seem good. If year after year they had met on these occasions without having had to report a single convert it would still have been their duty to persevere. They might then indeed have to inquire whether they were doing their work might in a manner that was acceptable to God and that was all they would be entitled to do. There is a great mass of the human family living and dying in a state of ignorance. Six hundred millions are worshippers of idols made by themselves, instead of worshipping the great God who made them ; there are about one hundred and ninety millions of Mahometans ; then there are the Roman Catholics, and a great many who are neither Roman Catholic nor Protestant and in the whole world there are but about sixty two millions of Protestants. Here then is a work to be done by the 02,000,000 Protestants among the 900,000,000 populating the globe and to this work they were commanded to devote themselves, and to labour with all their might, whether their endeavours were smiled upon or not. They were assured, however, that if they were faithful to the trust reposed in them, they would one day hear the delightful sentence, " Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." But this was not the case with them, 'They had heard of success - success beyond their largest expectation, and highest hope. Who could listen this evening to the report of the success which had attended one Society alone, without thankfulness, without glorying in the religion which had effected such mighty conquests over ignorance, superstition, idolatry, and the evils of a fallen world. Only for a moment think what " success" means. It does not mean the mere civilization of the savage, nor the communication of merely human learning to the ignorant, good as they maybe ; but it means the excavation from the quarry of human de- pravity, of a mass of wickedness, and moulding it into the image of the Creator. And this is the kind of success with which God crowns this and other kindred societies. Then what was their duty under these circumstances r As stated in the resolution, it should produce in their hearts thankfulness to Almighty God. He did not think that the duty of thankfulness was sufficiently understood or attended to. They were sometimes liable to think that they were thankful when they were merely pleased. This is not the thing. It must be the lifting up of the soul and heart to God in devout and adoring gratitude for his vouchsafed favour and bless- ing, The rejoiced in the success of this society though, as each liked his own the best, he liked the London Missionary Society, which however did not prevent his cordially fraternising with others. There was, however, a danger of being too proud of our own society, which when it occurred was a sign of something wrong, for it prevented the rising of the heart to God, to whom alone belongs the glory of all that is done by those societies. It was not to Wesley, or to the founders of other missionary societies, that the glory belonged, though they may be honoured and respected ; but " Not unto us, O God, not unto us, but unto thy name be all the glory, royally mercy and thy truth sake." The only way to be properly thankful was to enter more deeply into the consideration of the value of immortal souls. The glory of Christ should be more constantly before us as the great thing for which it was our part to live and labour. We do not think sufficiently of the value of one soul, which by the judgment of the Saviour himself is pronounced to be of far greater value than the whole world. If God gave such a measure of success as that one soul were converted, shall not the song of praise be heard in acknowledgment? If a hundred, should not our gratitude be increased a hundred fold? But when we hear of thousands of souls brought under the power of saving grace and truth, what human language could give expression to the feelings which must arise in every Christian heart. Then if God bestows so much success, ought we not to take encou- gagement. Success is encouragement, be- cause it leads to the belief that the method of ; working meets with the approbation of dod though, as in all human institutions, no doubt containing many defects, and much imperfect. . tion. At some future day there may be higher and more extensive instrumentality employed, but the success already experienced should stimulate us to the continued use of the means at our disposal, increasing them as opportn. nity served. Success was in most cases pro- portioned to the amount of the scriptural means which were employed, and at the same time responsibility was incurred, Compnrcfoi instance, the Wesleyan Missionary Soi city thirty years ago, with the Missionary Society as it now exists, and then compare the different results at the two periods, and it will be found that just in proportion as the Church of Christ employed scriptural means for the advancement of the Kingdom of Christ, souls have been saved, and that kingdom has been advanced. They were bound therefore not only to continue the work but to increase their exertions for if it be the duty of the Church to continue their endeavours when she. accompanied by success, how much more is it incumbent on them when those endeavours are crowned with success ? Our very success- has endangered the society, throwing it as it were on its beam ends; God has so exceeded the enlarged operations of the society that we could not keep pace with him. What shall be done? We cannot go on. Must we cease to pray for success, but ask him to close the windows of heaven and stop his work? No. Wonnat still pray for more success, and seek for more success ; and we will come again and again to the Church and the people and give them no rest until they " come to the help of the Lord against the mighty." He will not indulge your indolence, nor your selfishness ; he will not work miracles for your indulgence. The report alludes to a band of men in connection with the society in this place thirty years ago; but almost all are gone ; only two-the chairman and the Rev. R. 'Mansfield are left. They are gone where money is no longer needed where the efforts that they made on earth in support of the cause of the Saviour gives them no regret. Thirty years more, and where will they he who now compose this meeting ? Most of them, no doubt, in another state, and it will then be to them no subject of regret or complaint if even they should to-night give largely toward the support of a cause with which the interests of the world and the glory of God are so intimately connected. He was much struck with the expression of the Rev. Mr. Turner In his prayer at the commencement of the meeting that they were assembled for the purpose of advocating the claims of Jesus Christ. Is it necessary to advocate with Christians the claims of Jesus Christ the claims of Him who ere long will crown their heads with unfading glory? No, certainly not. Glorify hutt, therefore, in your bodies and in your spirits, which are his- in your property, and in your all. * The Rev. Alexander Salmon seconded the resolution. The resolution how submitted to this meeting hardly admits, in one view, of being seconded, although that was the duty assigned to him on the present''.occasiorr,-a duty which he had most cheerfully undertaken, however imperfectly it may "be discharged. The resolution commended itself to the judgment of a Christian auditory; it did not need able advocacy, although it had already obtained it. But the resolution con- taint d a truth so important, a principle so vital, so essential, to the success of all missionary effort, that he may be pardoned for saying a little on the subject, even after the eloquent address of his' friend Dr. Ross: not so much, may, not at all with the view of inducing the meeting to adopt the resolution that he was perfectly safe, from their ownie ligious knowledge, and conviction, and experience," they would be ready to do without any speech on the subject at all but it was useful and profitable to " stir up" our " minds" as the apostle says, " by way of 'remembrance," even in regard to acknowledged and firmly held truths. He rejoiced with them inthe , measure of success with which God had been pleased to crown the operations of the Wesleyan Missionary Society, and other kindred institutions occupying the same field and employing the same agency. ' Tidings of success in any field of laudable and honourable enterprise are always cheering and inspiriting and it is surely no less a Christian duty to " rejoice with them that do rejoice," than to " weep with them that weep;" although, alas! in this dark and sin- cursed world there is less room and scope, and far fewer opportunities given, for the exercise of the former than of the latter. Our sympathies are far more frequently demanded for the sorrows of our fellow men, than our congratulations on their success and happiness. We are pleased to hear of the success of our merchants in the various fields of commercial enterprise. Their individual prosperity tends to develope the resources of the countryside open up fields for active industry, and to gladden all the circles of the social state. And even when our armies go forth to war to de- fend our territory, to uphold our liberty and national privileges, to maintain inviolate the sanctity of our altars and the peace of our hearths, we rejoice to hear of their success ; I and much more abundant reason have we to I rejoice in the successful prosecution of the enterprise of the spiritual merchantman who is carrying from land to land and from shore to shore the heavenly treasures of gospel grace, and scattering the goodly pearls of gospel truth among all the nations of the earth Shall we not rejoice in tidings of success from the field of spiritual conflict, where the armies of the living God are combatting ignorance and superstition and idolatry, and striving to subdue the enmity of the carnal heart against God-where the soldiers of the cross are wrestling not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places ? Shall we not rejoice in the spread of the gospel in the triumphs of divine grace - In the extension of the Redeemer's kingdom in the advancement of the Redeemer's cause-in the reign of truth and peace and purity and holy brotherhood in the earth? Success in this field of enterprise involves in its glory to God in the highest, along with peace 011 earth and good will to men. Success in this enterprise awakens a new joy in the abode of bliss above, it kindles into rapture the unforeseen part of God's creation. There is joy in heaven among the angels of God over every sinner that repenteth. The resolution gratefully ascribes the glory of the attained success to God, and we cannot feel too deeply or acknowledge too freely the all-important truth that I the conversion of every sinner unto God is His | own work that the quickening of every soul dead in trespasses and sins by nature into the life and power of vital godliness is accomplished by the agency of the Holy Spirit. This glory God will not give unto another. Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit saith the Lord of Hosts. Ministers may preach the gospel purely and powerfully and eloquently societies may circulate the Bible and widely distribute their tracts -we may send the ablest and most' devoted missionaries to the dark places of the earth, but all these means are powerless and will be inefficacious without the blessing from on high. Our reports however faithful and' worthy of acceptation, will never be believed, any more than that of the evangelical prophets himself, till the arm of the Lord be revealed. Paul may plant and Apollos may water, but it is God that giveth, the increase. We may scatter the precious seed, but it will take no root at least swill not come to maturity. We will have no har- dest-we will-not return rejoicing bearing the. sheaves without the rains of the spirit, without the laws of heavenly grace. Paul gave thanks unto God On behalf of the Corinthian Church, when he witnessed their work of faith and a labour of love and patience of hope in the Lord Jesus Christ, and then he graces all these blessed fruits of the spirit, to the spirit. Our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance. The means indeed are ours to employ diligently, assiduously, and laboriously. God has honoured us in Using us as his instruments, and commanding our co-operation with him in the evangelising of the world. And just 113 the husbandman prepares the land and scatters his seed in dependence on the fertilising showers from heaven and the genial sun, so we must turn over the 'fallow ground, and in the morning sow our seed, and in the evening withhold not our hand; and we must both patiently wait and we must earnestly pray for the early and latter rams of the spirit. The success that has crowned the labours of your Society does furnish an encouragement to increased exertion. The measure of success is not indeed the rule of our duty, but it does strengthen our hands and encourage our hearts in the discharge of duty. We know that the world is yet to be converted unto God. All the ends of the earth are to see his salvation. But much, very much, requires to be done before we see that glorious consummation. There are many lands upon which the beams t of the sun of righteousness have not yet rested. Many of the nations are still living in the region and very shadow of death. The god of this world still maintains an almost uncontrolled dominion over a mighty portion of Gods earthly territory, visiting the nations in the iron fetters of ignorance and superstition, And Satan's presence must yet be trashed, and his sceptre must be broken, and the glad shout must yet be heard bursting from the emancipated nations of the earth. The kingdoms of this world have become the kingdom of our Lord, of his Christ, But much of the land remains still to be possessed. Greater energy, greater activity, greater de- votedness than ever become you, just from the very success with which your labours have been crowned. We know the Heaven-ap- pointed means of the world's conversion, and we know that divine urgency is necessary to render these means effectual and while we spread abroad the gospel of truth, we must daily besiege the Throne of Grace. With him is the residue of the spirit. All that he has yet done is rather the hidings of his power than the revealing of its splendour. It is but the drops that have fallen on Sion's pastures the copious and refreshing shower is yet to come." The Raw J. West supported the resolution. It had special reference to the success with which missionary; effort had been crowned, and the details of Success wore the best source of confidence for the future. They felt that they held a commission to do the work appointed them to do, and whether success followed their exertions or not, they were assured that not a word that God had spoken would fall to the ground. The past was, in some sense, the key to unlock the future, and the future was full of hope.. The Church of Christ in vigour was always a missionary church, and if at any period it was otherwise, it was because the power of divine truth was but imperfectly experienced by the professing Christians of the day. In modern times they had seen that the means used had been attended by great success; they had but to continue in the exercise of those means, and they would see that the blessing God had promised would assuredly be bestowed by him He felt, as he stood on the platform, joy and gratitude that the sentiments with which in his early years he had been imbued, had not declined. He was convinced that the Gospel was the power of God unto salvation to every one that believed. The Christian felt, as he beheld arising round him the youth of his congregation or his family, that there was nothing in which he was more interested than that Christ should triumph, and that the souls of men should be saved; and next, that God had provided an apostolic succession! of faithful men, and had made provision further that it' should not be dis- continued. It was to this apostolic succession that Christ had committed the work of evan- gelding the world, and he shall see the travel of his soul and be satisfied. Reference had been made in the Report to a difficulty experienced in obtaining funds for the prosecution of the work. He did not recollect ever attending a missionary meeting in which this stereotyped groan did notnri'e. He for one, however, would be afraid of that year in which a large fund had accumulated in the coffers of the Church. He had heard indeed of institutions which were absolutely crushed, destroyed; by an accumulation of wealth ; but then those institutions had forsaken and forgotten the cause of God and the claims of the world, to take care of themselves. The secret of the success of Christian missions is, that whatever is contributed to the cause is given with a missionary spirit, and is felt as a sacrifice by the giver and whenever the class of persons thus giving shall cease to be the chief contributors to the missionary fund, there will be great reason to fear that the cause of Christ is on the decline. He had known a congregation in which it could not be said that there was one poor person ; they had no claims, or calls on their charity, and no one ever thought of knocking at their door. May we, however, be over in advance of our means ! God always has and always will honour with success the labours of those who liberally contribute of their substance to the support or extension of the Redeemer's kingdom, accompanying their exertion with a spirit of dependence on himself, as the only cause of success. Without fully adopting the view of those who are expecting the speedy arrival of a millenium, no doubt they were standing on the eve of great changes s no doubt they were on the eve of the day Ten die mind of man shall be liberated from thraldom of every kind-when no spot of earth shall be found where the influence of the British nation shall not extend the yEgis of its protection over those who go forth to make known the knowledge of eternal truth. They had seen great things come to pass of late years ; but though they had not seen all that they wished for, yet the day was not very distant when all the nations of the earth shall experience the benefit of saving truth, and the chains of the slave shall be melted by the fire of divine love. .ThoRev.'JosDi-H Beazley moved the third resolution, " That the circumstances of special encouragement and promise in which several fine Principal missions of this Society in hea- den lands are now placed, and the peculiar securities for prosecuting the work which Janous providential arrangements now present, impose upon the Society the imperative obli irate- make Cluarged pecuniary efforts towards HW the decision of this work of "Oil. The reverend speaker said, "It is good for us to be here V' What a stirring of we mental forego what an appeal to our moral feelings, what rich materials for future thought and reflection, has this meeting supplied ? P had been furnished with almost every year of Sacred eloquence. Some of the hWtfCï? . exPatiated, and that most de "entirely, in the region of metaphor ; others jT gwen the simple outpourings of mature western wisdom and others had touched the deepest strings of feeling. Some had stone well, and borne had chastened, Christian zeal, rio loved an earnest meeting, and such is the raTe CT the present one. He saw it in the S . he saw it in the countenances of the Luce; he hoped that their earnestness the. velvet ill liberal contributions to McLane v. cause- A visits Iwd Passed This mind, such as no C*'. Prior to experience, could have waged such as no poet could have painted. NZ, 011or.thad conducted him, as if by magic, Mau î0tltulfnt to continent, and from island to SmTV and he seemed to have touched upon sinners region of the globe. The Missionary Society with what should he compare unit; SS are the banyan tree : it first sprang mnriiTf salmon is gained strength-it earth is bushes ; they descended into the tramway took-off: the great branches confined to extend themselves, they stretched y var rivers and oceans ; they took root again ; tree' t e le sweet and sacred shadow of that CW tens of thousands are reposing, safe and happy. The origin and spread of the mission cause reminded him of the origin and spread of our race. In-Asia was "man created : the race is multiplied, it spreads, it forms settlements, villages, cities ; still it spreads, and others are formed, and man is on. his way to appropriate every part of earth's territory. So the Missionary Society, originating in our beloved countrymen, rather, resuscitated there has spread into t other lands, has taken up positions of influence -is spreading ? its benediction, and the Will go on till it has fulfilled its high.mission^ of blessing the whole race. It would be a pleasing employment to take any one 132 their Christian brethren, who looked upon them with coldness and suspicion, to some commanding position, which would) unfold, to view a large and flourishing a portion of the missionary field, and, as he reviewed the enchanting scene before him, to I ask him if he could question our sincerity, invalidate our orders, and deny us the blessing I of Heaven, He would point him to the church, with its earnest congregation-to the school, nurturing thousands of opening intel- lects to the elements of civilization that we are scattering abroad we would point him to the death beds, where departing Christians are giving utterance to the loftiest sentiments that ever flowed from apostolic pen and would. he not exclaim, "How goodly are thy tents, | 0 Jacob, and thy tabernacles, O" Israel !" i Would he not feel with the prophet of old, that he was restrained from cursing, and that, he was compelled to bless ? It was said by the celebrated Burke, that there was no man so. hard hearted as a thorough metaphysician. ' That great man was wrong. There are men as a bad and worse than metaphysicians-men whose bigotry throw a sallow and unhealthy light upon the best actions and the purest zeal of their brethren, their fellow disciples, the servants of the same Lord ; men who, in con- travention of settled and ever lasting laws, construe vice as virtue, and virtue as vice, and who regard the very virtues of God's creating, if not found in their own party, as suspicious or hateful. But we take our stand we abide our time. We have mind enough to understand our true position, and we have heart enough to pity and to pray " for those whose sympathies and confidence we cannot command- HOW he admired the pro- found wisdom of the ' Son of God, in his whole manner of conducting the interests of his great kingdom! Every new development of humanity, every advance of civilization, every varied aspect of our common nature, produces a deeper admiration of the wisdom of our most blessed Master; The kingdom of heaven is first implanted' in the heart-the subject of Jesus is taught to pray, "Thy kingdom come" the heavens open, the blessing descends. Inquiring souls press around you, and you draw upon yourself a responsibility which you little anticipated. But having begun, you must now go on. But so it is. The heart having been gained, the money, the talents, the life, is forthwith appropriated to the service of Christ. And the mighty agency which is now covering the globe in the shape of missionary societies, more benignant and extensive than that of Greece or of Rome, first grew up in the form of Christian sentiment in the solitary heart of Christian men. The resolution call upon them to give To support the operations of this society will require £100,000 a year. He called upon them to embrace the privilege of raising their share of that sum. Need he used argument ? Look at the genius of the rcligionJtluvy| professed, he would say it with reverence,' the Almighty God is the great giver. What are these heavens, in their magnificence ; what is this earth, in its beauty ; with its rivers and oceans, its hills and valleys, its fruits and flowers, and teeming life what but a magnificent donation from the Father of all It is a scene in which he commands his children to luxuriate-a fountain of which he invites them to drink-a volume, the lessons of which he commands them to master and to grow like himself, wise, beneficent, and holy. The Saviour was a giver : he gave himself, his utterances, his miracles, his life, that we might be saved. Christians, imitate your Lord \- give with the liberality and disinterestedness that distinguished him. Wesleyans, you have become what you are by giving. John Wesley, with characteristic sagacity, found an avenue to every man's pocket, and men sympathised with him and the cause he had in hand. But for this, Methodism would have been a thing of mushroom growth its name would have perished from the page of history; You have gained strength by exercise ; you have increased your health by incessant labour -and the infant has grown up to the stature ' of a giant, for his faculties have never been permitted to slumber. And is any the poorer for giving J Certainly not. You have given your shillings and pounds, but what have you received in return ? A consciousness of well doing, the awakening of Christian emotion, the establishment of Christian habits. Christ has taken your money, and in return has given you blessings which money could never purchase. Is there any comparison between money and the love of goodness which he has awakened, and the heavenward aspiration to which he has prompted ? He heartily commended this institution to the support of the meeting. They all of course had their own ideas upon what is subordinate, upon the subject of Church government, he had Ids, and sometimes expressed them-, and always with that simplicity and frankness which his nature necessitated. But he would, without hesita- tion say, that in the array of noble agencies by which God is bringing back to himself an apos- late race, there are few, if any that stand before the Wesleyan Missionary Society. In fact it was our Society. As was said of the great men, the Halls, the Fosters, and Simsons of bygone days, they were not sectarian but Christian, the common property of the Church universal ; so this Society, though it bears the Wesleyan name, is not the Wesleyans it is ours, it is the world's, it is God's. " Peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces." The Rev. J. Egolkston seconded the resolution. If he were to yield to his own feelings, and give utterance to one-half the ideas which crowded on his mind, in the course of the evening, the meeting might be prolonged to the time named by Mr. Mansfield. One very pleasing circumstance, however, he could not help but briefly and thankfully acknowledge : the kindly feeling exhibited and brotherly encouragement held out to them this evening by the galaxy of ministers of other I denominations who had so ably and ener- getically advocated the cause of the West leyan mission. One esteemed friend had touched the chord of his heart when describing the catholicity of Methodism. The founder had expressed his wish that the members of his Society should be the friends of all, the enemies of none and this was the motto in accordance with the principles enunciated, in which they always endeavoured to shape the course of their proceedings with their fellow Christians. For his part he did not understand how any Christian heart should know such a thing as hate, though he might justly pity the ignorance or deplore the wickedness of mankind. He was glad at the uniform tone of encouragement to prosecute and not draw back from any part of the work upon which the Society had entered, which pervaded the meeting. While Mr. Mansfield was reading the inquiry of the Committee, " Shall we give up the mission in such and such a place in the was reminded of Nelson at Copenhagen, who, when the signal was made for a retreat, put his blind eye to the glass and of the drummer, who could not beat a retreat because he had never been taught how. He for one thought there was no occasion to beat a retreat. Their resources were not exhausted ; but if they were, they were not left entirely to their own resources, of which he saw evidence before him, when not only the ministers of the churches were on the platform with them, but their people were with them, affording encouragement to the Wesleyan Missionary Society. In their own body, however, he was of opinion there were abundant means not only to carry on, but to extend the Missionary operations. Can the Church of the present day contemplate the cannibalism of Feejee, the superstitions of trial in, the bloody rites and disgusting ceremonies of Central Africa, the claims that theöOO.000,000 of the world had upon their sympathy, and their effects, and refuse or excuse themselves from coming forward to the help of the Lord in the great design of evangelising the world? Would not a retrenchment of expenditure by withdrawing their agents be in fact refusing to acknowledge the claims which the heathen world had on the Chris dan Church withholding from them their covenanted right in the Gospel ! Could the Church act in this way without breaking allegiance with her divine Lord and Master ? He was convinced, however, that the meeting was thoroughly imbued with the feeling that the Claims of the missionary cause, which had been so ably advocated this evening, were based on truth, and he was willing to believe that the appeal that would presently be made for their pecuniary contributions would be responded to in that spirit of self-sacrifice which would cause the blessing to return into their own bosom. He had intended, had time ? permitted, to have referred to the state of the mission work in. several parts of the world, but was now compelled to merely mention a few particulars respecting Feejee, contained in a letter he had just received from the Rev. , Mr. Waterhouse, a son of the lamented Waterhouse, with whom many present were doubtless acquainted, and who seemed to inherit all his father's zeal for Christian missions in general, and for poor Feejee" in particular. (Mr. Eggleston here I narrated some of the particulars contained in the letter referred to.) j, The resolution was then put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. The Rev. F. Tuckfield moved, "That the following persons be appointed officers and Committee for the ensuing year Treasurer, the Superintendent of the Circuit ; Secretary,. 1 Mr. J. , Ducker ; Committee - Messrs. W Piper, W. Kellett, S. Callaghan, W. Love, E. Dawson, W. Little, W. O'Neil, J. Jones, T. R. Coates. H. Tebbutt, J. Inder, J. Caldwell, and S. Hebblewhite. Seconded by the Rev. N. Turner, and carried. The meeting was then concluded with the benediction by the Rev. F. Tuckfield. The collections at the meeting amounted to £27 5s., and at the sermons on Sunday the sum of £37 15s. was received. The anniversary services will be concluded this evening by a sermon in the Centenary Chapel by the Rev. Dr. Ross. 