MELBOURNE DIOCESAN MISSION. A very numerously attended meeting of the members of the Church of England was held on Wednesday evening last, at the Mechanics' Institution, for the purpose of forming a Diocesan Board of Missions for the Diocese of Melbourne. His Honor C. J. La Trobe, Esq. Super- intendent of Port Phillip, took the chair, shortly after seven o'clock. The proceedings were opened by several short and appropriate prayers, which were offered up by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese. The CHAIRMAN briefly stated the ob- jects for which the meeting had been called together. The LORD BISHOP OF MEL- BOURNE rose to move the first resolution. He had peculiar pleasure in meeting his Christian friends on the present occasion. It was one that he had long looked forward to with hope, and he was now delighted at seeing the first steps taken for the forma- tion of a Board of Missions in connection with the English Episcopal Church of this district. He had the more satisfaction, since his Honor the Superintendent had kindly consented to preside, thereby show- ing that he took no small interest in the success of the proposition. He would not detain them with any preliminary remarks, but would read them the first resolution : That in the opinion of this meeting, it is the duty of every branch of the Church of Christ to take an active part in the Evangelisation of the world ; and that, in proportion to the zeal and energy which it exhibits therein, a church may expect the blessing of God to be manifested in its own general prosperity and enlargement, and in the edification of its individual members. It was a dangerous thing for one so deeply interested in the success of Missions as he was, to be called upon to speak on the subject of Missionary extension. The matter was one that opened up so large an extent of matter, that one was tempted to turn aside from the more immediate ob- ject before them to dilate upon the various particulars that were constantly crossing the mind. On the present occasion he should endeavour to resist this temptation, and to abstain from intruding upon the subjects which would more particularly fall to the lot of those who followed him to dwell upon, and to confine himself to the resolution that had been put into his hand. That resolution was one of a general nature ; it stated first, that it was their duty as Christians to extend their religion, and second, that in proportion to the zeal and energy displayed, the Church might expect an enlargement of religious benefits. He was now called on first to state his reason why it appears to him to be the duty of the Church to take a part in the work of evangelisation ; and he believed this duty to have commenced with the very first foundation of the Church, since their Lord had come into the world to save all men ; and to be not only the glory of the Israelites, but the light of the Gentiles also ; whilst his birth was to be the sign of glad tidings and of great joy to all people. Now how was the great joy to be accomplished ? By the publication of the glad tidings ; and these glad tidings were contained in the Gospel of Christ. By whom then was the gospel to be published ? Not by the angels, not by spiritual beings, but by human agency. As had been beau- tifully preached a short time back by the Venerable the Archdeacon of Geelong, that the Lord had committed his Church to the care of his people, so that by the Church her glad tidings of salvation might be published to the end of the world. So the apostle de- clares in the 10th chap. to the Romans, " Whosoever calls upon the Lord shall be saved !" Thus, then, if whosoever prays believes, and if he cannot pray without first having the glad tidings preached to him, it follows by inference that it must be the duty of the church to carry on the evangelisation of the world. But they were not left to mere inference, since this duty had been expressly enjoined upon them by a commandment of the Lord, after his resurrection, when he had said, " Go, teach my word and make disciples amongst all nations." Thus then the duty was distinctly enjoined, and although at that time it was enjoined upon the apostles only ; yet the direction was not given to them alone, but to the representatives of the church at large and through all ages, since the same Saviour had told them " Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world." The Blessed Lord was with them at that moment, and would be with them to the end of the world, in every great work undertaken for his glory. They had an example of the great desirability of missions in the Lord him self, for our Saviour was himself the first great missionary. If then the true spirit of Christianity was with them, they would follow this blessed example ; humbly, in- deed, for never could they follow in his steps, never could they hope to emulate his practice, who had laid aside the dignity of the Son of God to walk as a persecuted teacher amongst men. Still, they might humbly imitate his example, and to the best of their power go forth into the world to assist in its evangelisation. The glorious example of their Master had been followed by the disciples ; the apostles were missionaries, whilst all the leading christians in the first ages of the church had been missionaries. The Apostle Paul was the first great missionary, because as he said " unto him it was given that he should preach to the Gentiles the unsearch- able riches of the Gospel." In preaching the glad tidings to the Gentiles, the Apostle was urged by a continual desire to extend his labors, as he considered that he was " a debtor to all, to the Greek as to the Jew, to the barbarian as to the civilized, to the wise as to the unwise." The servants of the Church should then be most zealous for the propagation of the true religion, not only amongst their relatives and friends and their own people, but amongst till nations. By inference then, as well as by the commandment of God ; by the examples of the Saviour, as well as by those of his disciples were they shown, that it was the duty of the Church to extend its religion. This commandment was but too often prac- tically set nside, whilst many arguments were urged against the undertaking of ,, missions. The first argument was the difficulty in the way of carrying out the proposed mission, and the little proba- bility of any success attending ¡t. Now "? tbeso arguments rested entirely upon false grounds, being contrary to both reason and experience ¡ for if God cave the com- mand, however impossible this might un .nppeur to man, God would also give some means of accomplishing it; and if Christ carno upon earth to save all men it wjis hardly possible but that some means would ulwayrf be given for extending his kingdom . - amongst all people. And although God vouchsafed to employ human agency in this work, still it was not by human moans ?* IM. alone that it was to bo accomplished, since 'wituoutvGod's help it would bens impos- sible to-convert a single soul ns it seonietl now to be i to convert a nation ; whilst, 0, with his assistance, n nation wns as easy \- to be gained as an individual. Who then ' would venture to say that it was not their duty to engage upon the .*-,*» tvo fc, because tnere seemed a difficulty of n »> .uooi-ss True it was that many (¡enera tions h»d passed, it ntl the Church had made -'. :nn progress; but this WM from a want of action euther than a want of power, and lie denied that thtro win any ground on "*?' this'account fur urging the impossibility of the work, booituse no effort hod been modo fur ¡he evangelization of the world for iiniiiy centuries; and they had~íiever pio pcrly sst about the work. What, how-over, were tie faits that had occurred in the early n¿es of Christianity. They had read of many converts being made by the preaching of the apostles, and ¿hey would no doubt attribute the success that attended those ctlbrts to the miraculous powers be- stowed on them by God. These powers were no diubt given at that early time aa an effectual means of gaining attention to those labors, and "of thereby aiding their progress ; but that meeting must not sup- pose that the tpajority of the present lead- ing nations of Christendom vveie converted by inspired apostles. No, indeed,-no in- spired apostle or evangelist, or worker of miracles was employed in the work ; but the largest "portion of the nations was gained by the labors of uninspired men elf simple missionaries. It had been by these men that the religion of the Roman Kmpire had been overthrown, und our Anglo-Saxon forefathers converted to Christianity. This should be sufficient to shew that the evangelization of nations by such means was not an impossibility. He would now refer them to the history of the Church during the last fifty years, and ask them to look at the glorious results ob- tained. It was now something more than fifty years binoo the spirit of missionary enterprise had been first poured out upon the Church ; nnd let them luok at what had been the measure of suc- cess. He would refer them to the présent extent tit the Church Missionary Society; the report of that Society shows how great was the extent of its labors, how extended the field of its operations, and how splen- did its .success. Ile would not enter into details, bul would just glance at this So- ciety's success to establish his position, tint they ought not to b2 turned aside by any difficulties that might offer them- selves. The success of that Society had gone far beyond even the most sanguine expectations ; it had Stations on the Western Coast of Afiica, in Nut them and Southern India, in New Zealand, in the West Indies, in North America, and in 13:nish Quiana. In all of these, with- out any one exception, the Society had expetienced the largest measure of suc- cess,'very far exceeding their most san- guine hopes. He held in his hand the report of the Church Missionary Society for the year 1S48-9. This stated the number of communicants gained lo the Church by the labots of the Society to he 13,352, that number of souls having been galheied in from Heathenism by the labois of the ininisleis employed hy the Society The number of these ministers was 110; thus, for every clergyman etn 'ployed, theie were 120 communicants And when it was remembered, tlut every one of these communicants had been most carefully exam i ned, and that a strict course of discipline was required before they were admitted to the participation oí the blessings of Christian men, he would ask the meeting whether this wa» not a very large amount uf success He could not exactly asceitain the number of persons win» were undergoing instruc- tion ptfvious io communion, but he be- lieved the number very far exceeded 100,000 At the Society's sutton ul Tilly Valley, the ji umber of persons under instruction was 11,777; whilst the communicants numbered 2.034 These were simple instances snd spoke at once in answer to the improbability of suc- cess that was urgid. No doubt these or other nations were not tobo speedily evan gelisjd, but by strenuous efforts they might gather a" nation to the Lord. In Western Africa, and in New Zealand, the actual state of the Church there, when taken according to the relative position be- tween thö- two churches, wa3 far superior to what it was here. Roth in Sierra Leone and in Kew Zealand the attendance on the ordinary services of the Church as well as at the Lord's table was much better than it was here. This then was sufficient to overthrow all arguments against the mis- sion. This satisfactory result would also be more strongly confirmed when they ex- amined the character of the country in which the success had been gainetl, since it would show that there was no kind of diffi- culty that might not be overcome by the christian missionary. The degradation of species had been ovcrcom? in Sierra Leone by the conversion of the negroes. The superstition, priestcraft, and power'of caste had been vanquished in Southern India ; the savage propensities and knavish cun- ning of the New Zealnnders had been broken down ; and the wandering habits of the North American Indians had ben eradicated. In fact, cverykind of difficulty and impossibility, as it had once been called, had been overcome by the labours of the faithful servants of God. None of these missions had been more remarkable than in sew Zealand, Afriia, and'the West Indies; as in these it was over andover again contended that the conveision of the inhabitants was perfectly hopeless. Another objection that was urged in oiderto evade th s duty was, that their own people and fellow countrymen had a prior claim on their consideration. Ile would not deny the prior obligation that ex- isted to the inhabitants of their own neighbourhood ; it was a prior duty, but it by no means superseded their duty to the world at large. The duly of the Chris- tian must begin ¡it-home, but from thence' ho must extend his sympathy and hi.s labours ; for the true Christian has no limit for his labour or his love; nvtd in propor- tion as he extended his work, and pro- moted the labour of Christianity abroad, so would he prosper at home. This led li hu to the second portion of the resolution in which it was affirmed that in proportion to the zeal and energy of the Church, Go.i's blessing would attend it. Such was the blessing that might be ex- pected as the natural consequence of their exertions ; since by a cultivation of the interest in God's Church, the affections are deepened and enlarged, nnd that enlarge- ment of the" heart is produced which is so much to be cared for by the Christian if he would rise to the full height of his holy call and would aim at attaining the highest standard of holiness and Christian love. Nothing was so calculated to prevent a contracted spirit, or to tend to the en- largement of the heart than n real mis- sionary spirit ; and as . this expanded amongst its memhers, tho Church would enlarge also. There were other natural ways, also, by which the Church was bene- fited by missionary labours ; for example, in the history and records of their mission- ary brethren who could read an account of their labours, their zeal, and their self dc votedness, and- say that these would not stir up the hearts "of the ministry at home and lead them to emulate the zeal, self denial and devotedncss of their Christian brethren He did not hesitate to say that he had often felt his sense of ministerial duty deepened, had shame of-his short comings, uud been led to form resolu- tions of greater diligence and self-denial on reading the labours of these mission- aries. Anti so it was with the people; no- thing was so calculated to put to shamo the selfishness and worldliness of the Christian nuimbers of the Ksf ablishcd Church its the records given in the accounts of the mis- sionaries of faith, hope, love, and self-denial of the ministers; and thu'Christiun joy of t lioso recently converted from heathenism, from tho lowest depths of spiritual slavery to tho knowledge of tho Lord. Thu» it wo» that tho zeal and energy of the mis- sionary brought ¡t» blessing on the Church, and in proportion to their exertions, the blessing was increased. What the christian laid out in these exertions, would be re- turned lo him again; whatever he'gaveforth, God would abundantly recompense him ; anti th y would never lose either as n chuich o . as individuals by whatever sacri- fices wer J given to the heathen: "He him- self would no1 in ririy way grudge the best minister in his diocese to the service, pro- vided that he considered him fitted for the post ; as he deemed the missionary duty to be the highest duty he could be engaged in, nnd therefore that his labour was not thrown away. There was a remark that he ought perhaps to have made before, but lie believed that it was clearly an estab- lished fact, that each individual missionary had been (he in-trument of turning to the Lord a larger number of persons than any individual in the ordinnry ministry at home. The history of the'list fifty years confirmed this, since the (ime when the Lord put it into the hearts of a Simeon, a Wilberforce, and a Thomas Scott, to firm the nucleus of the present Missionary enterprise. And what had since been its history ? Had any his- tory ever'shewn them so great and steady a growth of spiritual religion, ns there had been since then. The Church had assumed a totally different character within the last fifty years, and this was mainly attributable'to the reflex of the spiritual exertions in favor of missions. It was for this therefore, Ihnt he delighted in being now present, and in proposing to them the first, resolution to form a Missionary Board in the Diocese. God had most abundantly blessed his Church for years past, he had multiplied his servants m the colony, and. promoted their interests, and much as they still wanted at His hands, still he could not but acknowledge all that He had done for them. Let them then show their gratitude by their endeavours to con- vert the Heathen, first in this colony, and aftertvnrds by extending their labors to the neighbouring islands, and by contri- buting to the Missionary Societies of England. To do this, was not only their duty but their privilege ; let tlicm labor in thi work and they would obtain ' God's blessing, let them give of their means what each could spare, lending as a loan to God, that would be abundantly rcpaid H. MOOR, Esq. M. L. C. had the" pleasing task confided to him of second- ing the resolution. After the able speech of his Lordship it would hardly be ex- pected that he a layman, could add any- thing to nrgument so well enforced and so ably pleaded ; but he would neverthe-, less take the opportunity of congratu- lating^ the meeting on this the first nt tempt that liad been made for carrying out an object of this nature. Ile believed that some prejudice existed against the possibility of imbuing the minds of the abo- rigines of the colony with Christian doc- trines. This prejudice, however, ho hoped would meit away, and from that night would be dated the era when it liad been thought possible to implant in the mind of the natives distinct notions of a religion and of a God. He remembered some time back presiding over a meeting in- tended to instil into the minds of the abo- riginal children, notions of religion and virtue ; and at that time the Government had come forward to help them. He trusted that the Government, of which their chairman wns and would be the head (applause), would also at the present, juncture lend them every assistance. De hoped in conclusion that those present would pledge themselves to carry out the objects proposed not only by attending that meeting, but giving thiñr money and their time tollable the board to do all they had in view. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. The WORSHIPFUL THE MAYOR had come quite unprepared to address so influential a meeting; and should therefore content himself with observing thal he cor- dially agreed with the objects of the meeting ; and that it was their bounden duty to co-operate with the object, since they could hardly be Christians without feeling the importance of the object, and being prepared to carry it out. Ile now moved :— That in fulfilment of this duty, and the confident expectation of this blessing, there be constituted in connexion with tho Church of Kngliiud in this Diocese, ii Board, to bo entitled, "The Melbourne Diocesan Board of Mission," the objects of which »hull be:-1st To c-it.tblisli and maintain Missions, and generally to assist in any effort for the conversion und civili- zation of tho Aboriginal Inhabitants of tho D.ocese. Rev. D. NEWHAM seconded the reso- lution. Of nil the occasions that he had ever been called upon to address a meet- ing, there had never been one of so i n portant a character to thos2 ho addressed, or so deeply interesting to himself, as that they were now attending. When they spoke of a missionary work they spoke of an apostolic work ; since they were follow- ing in the steps of those holy men who had preached the word of God. This was not a mere duly—it was a glorious privilege, ns dear to the Christian as was the truth itself, and was given to thom to show how earnest wns their faith, and their truth, and their love towards God. None of these could exist in lum whose soul and spirit was not stirred up to enter into the work. Ile would refer them to the ex- amples of St. Peter and St. Paul, to show them how the love of God constrained men to take up the cross for the glory of God. Peter was a Jew with all the prejudices, and the high class feelings that marked lh.it elevated nation ; and yet they beheld the love of God constraining even this proud Hebrew, nnd they saw him seeking out Cornelius to do the Lord's work. So with Paul, that proud Pharisee, the learned man of Jiis people, who had gone through the country persecuting the Christians to the utmost of his power ; yet when the love of God constrained him, he became content to bear the cross, to be driven from place to plncc, to break biead with the Gentiles, and only striving to win souls to the rest of God, willing to abide in chains and captivity for the gtbry of his Redeemer. It was the love of God that had constrained him ; and so would it be with them, if they would give their money anti their time towards the extension of the kingdom of God, and seek out the aborigines fo make them brethern with them in Christ. Some had said that missionary work was the work of the Apostles, and that Peter and Paul having been ministers of God, this work should be left to his ministers. Now there were many false notions that had arisen in these latter days, respecting the duties of ministers, and presbyters, and laymen ; none of these notions being bused on correct views, These distinctions had arisen ouly in hitor times ; for in the early ages of the Church there wore no such tilings as ministers nnd presbyters ; the apostles were not professional clergymen. They were no learned orators, nor taught scribes but wore simple earnest mon ordained by the Holy Ghost, sent fortji by God's spirit to touch Christ's kingdom. In thosci days there were no learned professions, but ene-h man that wns fitted for the work wns sent forth _ into the vineyard. Tho custom of giving learned professions had buen a comparatively recent one ; and hence they now had lawyers, and doctors, and clergy- men. This had graduully run into a sys- tem, so that it was now said that for law you must go to the lawyer, for medicino to the doctor, and for religión to the clergy- man. Now this was contrary to the veiy spirit of God's word ; lor the Apostle had expressly told them " not to listen to any man unless he taught the truth." All the members of the Church then had a right of private judgment, and of deciding upon thu correctness of the teaching of their pastor. Each .'member of the Chnrch had a private responsibility for the promises and the favors held'out to him by the word of God. This responsibility he could not reiuovo-from himself or lay upon another. These responsibilities were the promises of redemption and of salvation, the inheritance of the saints and all the promises of God's word ; but believing themselves respon- ¡ sible for all these advantages, they., must rc lhember that they were also subject to its threatenings ; und that the" responsibility of these as of the blessings rested on them ni'. And yet not on the laymen alone, for the whole members of the Church h.id an equal'responsibility. As laymen they had as wide a field of usefulness open to thom as the clergyman had ; for a man who waa going wrong, woultl listen to a clergy- man only as a duty, whilst to a fellow lay- man he would be more attentive, and take a word of advice from him more readily than from a clergyman. They were now called on to give some portion of their money and time, to provide the means for these missions, and also to carry out their object, and thus to get rid of some portion of the responsibility that they had towards God. Though they might be willing to do all in their power to glorify God, yet tiny would not bo doing that duty fully unless they entered heartily into the work with the whole of their ,influ- ence, as unless they went thus heartily success would not attend the work, no blessing would attend it or full on them- selves. Some times, it was said that a press of business prevented their attention to these matters ; but no press of business could justify them in giving np the whole of their "time to worldly employments, or all their affections to the world. At home, men of every class, the literary man, the the man of business, tile political man, all found time to attend to their religious duty, nnd to exert themselves for the ex- tension of Christianity by giving up to the cause their time ¡is well as their money: They wore now nsketl to found a society, because a blessing might be expected from their doing so. This had been enlarged on by the Lord Bishop, and lie would not therefore dwell on the subject, but would merely refer them to history, to prove that such was the case ; anti also that in periods when the labours of the church were most marked and moat energetic, then had the church been most vigorous and most ex- pansive ; and when these missionary efforts had ceased, the primitive church had fallen away also. This had been succeeded by ages of darkness, during which no missionary efforts had been made Let them look upon England, upon their own happy and prosperous England,-and why was it so ? because tho English Church was the world's evangflizer. When her labors cease, when she ceased to have that character, then would «lie lose her proud position and sink to the stntc of in- fidel France. So long, however, ns her ef- forts werecontinued she would remain pros- perous and pre-eminent, the Queen of the seas, mid under God a blessing to the world through nil ages. If they looked amongst the missionary societies, they would lind their members to be the most zealous christians. This was but natural, for christian love increased by the very use that was made of it ; and so with the Mission- ary, the mere exercise of love towart's God, increased their love towards their fel- low-man; this showed an augmentation of the love of God, and thus the two acted anil re-acted increasing each other. So would it be with faith in leligion ; they required to iiave full faith in their religion before they would attempt to spread it, mid in pro- portion to their faith would their labors bo extended and in proportion as their labor extended their faith would be increased. lie now caine to the mnin features of the motion. This was the name of the society. It was derived from the system adopted by the American Episcopal Church in naming their Boards of Missions ; and hail been called the Diocesan Board, to distinguish it from the General Board to be held at Sydney. . Let them think for " a moment and then liston to the wild shrieks of the poor benighted savages who were wandering, houseless through the streets. Let them remember that those are the unhappy in- habitants of the smiling productive land of which ti ey had been dispossessed. Let them ask what lind been done for them. Nothing but some few simple"and unavail- ing efforts. And why had they been un- availing? Because they had not been un- dertaken in simple and pure dépendance ' on the power of the Spirit of God. If they had been made and commenced in this spirit they could not have failed, it would have been impossible. The first object of the society was to evangelise its own in- habitants. The next object was almost ns important, though it was a secondary one and not to be commenced until the first was undertaken; it was for the Christianizing the inhabitants of the islands in the Western Pacifie, which lie in heavy groups on the north cast corner of this continent. This was rather a tempting prospect, and it was encouraging to be able to cu-opcrate with other dioceses in the work. It was indeed pleasing for them so far from home, and forming compara- tively so small a diocese, to fintl themselves surrounded by those with whom they could co-operate in such a labor of love. He was therofore sure that they would be all happy and ready, as soon ns they could, to join with thu inhabitants of the other dio- ceses. In the meantime, however, they had their first object to carry out. The last duty of the Society .would be to receive and forward to other Societies such bums as might be specially subscribed towards them. The two first objects would take the whole of the funds that carno into the hands of the Society, unless handed in for some particular purpose. None could find an excuse for not helping such a Society, ancl lie would therefore pray of thctn to show by their subscription of funds, by their prayers, and by their exertions, that they were desirous of following out the course pursued by the primitive Church ; and God would no doubt pour out upon them the same spirit that he had in former times showered on the Apostolic Church. Mr STAWELL rose to move the third resolution, and submitted for the adoption of the meeting the rules and regulations necessary for carrying out the objects of the Society. They had well been told that not by merely human means could I hey succeed, yet at the same time they were not to dispense with mere worldly wisdom. An objection had been raised by more flinn one person that the present pi ooeeding was premature, and that with the necessity that existed for schools for their children, and clergymen for their population, these should 1)0 thought of before they pro- ceeded to Christiani/.o and evangelise the aborigines. Ile granted that these were their first, but denied that they were their only duties, and contended that in giviug to one tliey did not take from the othor, since by making men missionaries to the blacks, they made these black» missionaries amongst themselves. No doubt they were beset by many difficulties, but it was bottoi that it should bo so,- sine» it compelled thora to exert their fullest energies. Let thom look at the successful missionary efforts ' of the Brahmins and Bhuddisls, surely they as christians were able to do as much us these infidels had done before them. Prejudices Had been overcome in every clime, and why coulif they not be so herd* It was said that plana had been tried here.and'failed. Butjfo distinct plan had yet been tried ; the most obvious one had never been attempted, since the. natives had never been preached to in their own native language One of their number should have been taken and converted and then sent milong his countrymen to work their conversion. Their success would de- pend in a great measure on the working out of the system, bul as this was.entrusted to a committee of laymen along with the clergymen of the diocese, he had no fear on that head. The learned gentleman then moved the following resolution, after read- ing the rules therein referred to, That the rules luid before tho meeting be the rule-' of tho society. Rev. S. L. CHASE seconded the resolution. It was indeed delightful to have the privilege of taking part in a meeting of such a character and m the for- mation of a society likely to have so bene- ficial an effect that would be felt through all eternity. It was. however but an easy thing to form a society, their work then was but beginning ; after that they re- quired faith and patience to enable them to carry it on. They would have to find persons of lhe right spirit to carry the tidings of salvation to the bush ; and after this, they would," have to wait for years in expectation of the- result. In this they had the example of the Moravian Missionaries, however, to strengthen them. In speaking lo them they had sdid to lum that if they reaped no result for ten or even twenty years, they would still continue their labors, believing that God in his own good time would work His will, and if they died before such should be the case, others who caine after would reap the reward, so that, as pointed out in the Scripture, both he that sowed and he that reaped, should rejoice together. A great deal had been said about the diffi- culty of converting the natives, but in this they were doing the work of their master, and not their own, and what was impossible to man was possible to God. The Jews never expected that the Gentiles could be converted ; and after this it was thought impossible to convert the Jews, and yet they had since found that it was quite possible for a Jew tobe saved. After this, again it was said most decisively that no man of color could be saved, and yet the negroes had given a contradiction to this. They would soon find also that the nbori gines could.be converted, and if they could not count their converts by hundreds ol- by thousands but by ones, and if one only of the aborigines were saved all the money expended would be worthily cast into the service. They must, however, keep the last of their rules constantly before them, because without God's blessing nothing could be done: but let every one help the work as well as he could, fur it was to be done as much in the closet as in the mi- mi or the forest. The résolution was then put and carried. Rev. A STRONG said, the next resolu- tion must commend itself to all. It was as follows ; That the following gentlemen be elected office bearers and members of the committee for the ensuing year, viz.:—the Rev. Mr. Liddiard, and W. F. Stawell, Esq., secreta- ries; the Rev. Daniel Newham, and R. Grice, Esq., treasurers; Messrs Redmond Barry, Ed- ward Barker, Edward Bell, Henry Box, W. H. Campbell, George Haskell, Alastair Mackenzie, Alexander M'Crae, William Nicholson (the Mayor), Germain Nicholson, J. D. Pin- nock, R. W. Pohlman, G. A. Robinson, James Simpson, Grey Smith, J. M. Smith, R. Willan, and Edward Williams, committee. It would be unnecessary for him lo take iipthcir time by proving that their cause was the cause of Gotl, ns they'were all agreed on this point. Ile would however mention the peculiar advantages they lind from the prominent openings given to them asa nation for the carrying on of this work. England wns most peculiarly fitted for such a work. Let them look on the mnp and they would find that England was but a very small spot : and yet there wns no corner of the earth in which an English- man could not he found ; she possessed wealth beyond other nations, and was qua- lified by the talent and energy of her sons for any undertaking. It was clear then iluit God had determined that tr.o English should be the nation that was to carry the standard of the gospel to every corner of the globo,and ns she lind received freely, so, he was ptoud lo say, she gave. After alluding to the exer- tions of Captain Gardiner for the evange- lisation of the inhabitants of Terra del Fugo, the Reverend speaker raid, he mentioned this only to show what had been so well begun by that gentleman, might very easily lie followed up by that meeting. It was said that there were difliculticsin the way-th«re might be so, but what haü lln-y to do with them ; the word difficulty never «icenried io the Clnislian's vocab- ulary. How had they ascertained that there wttre difficulties ; lhe scheme had never been tried, and until it was tried tbey could say nothing about it. In looking over the Wellington despatches, he found that that great und able com- mander hud made it a iule always to m tel each obstacle ni it arose, and lo ic-sist and vanquish it effectually. So ivas it with the missionary; he knew him ? self and he knew the enemy with which he bud to contend, and trusting in Gotl he must overcome each obstacle as it was presented to lum Dr. CAMPB1CLL seconded the resolu- tion,, which' was put and cniried unani- mously. Colin CAMPBELL, Esq. proposed the last resolution That tho thanks of this^ meeting be given lo His Honor fhe Superintendent for his kindness, in ptcsidin^ on .the present occasion, and for his able conduct in tho chair. And in so doing paid a very high compli- ment to his Honor the Superintendent for the manner in which he had thrown the influence of his high position into the cause of morality and religion whenever an op- portunity'for so doing had been afforded him; anil trusted thnt his Honor would consider the importance of still assisting the present Society, whose object would be so beneficial to the Sovereign he repre- sented, mid to the Lord, who was King over all. Dr. BARKER seconded the resolu- tion, which was carried amidst the loudest applause. The Doxology waa then sung, and the Lord Bishop having bestowed his pdstoral benediction on the meeting, the assemblage broke up. - 