CHRISTIAN EDUCATION ift FKANCE. The Ami tie la Religion reports at full length a most eloquent address delivered by hi*9 lordship, the Bishop of Lanjjres, at a Mass of the Holy Ghost, celebrated on occa sion of the installation of the Academic Council of the Haute Marne, in the Church of St. John, at Chaumont. The following extracts seem to be of general importance atid interest. ' We live- my friends, thanks be to God, in an a£e and country where public opinion always receives with reppecty and often so licits with eagerness the blessings of the Church upon each of the more important actions of life. The solemnity of this day lias been celebrated in accordance with the deep CatroPc feeling of the faithful of this diorese, who are profoundly sensible that as religion ought to have to do with man's erery action here below, so its beneficent in terposition can least of all be dispensed with in so weighty an affair as the education of the young. And yef, my friends, it is scarcely more than half a century ago, since, in this our Christian France, every engine was brought into play to withdraw even edu cation itself from the- life-giving breath of the Catholic faith. J*ince the first proscrip tion of teaching orders, down to the last scheme for revolutionary education — since the fust commencement of the imperial university, down to the formation of the establishment which we now are going to bless, all the efforts of a certain party, that ha3 exercised but too much influence over public instruction, have been directed to deprive education of its re ligious character, 'or at least to keep it aloof from all positive religiousness. We may speak freely to day on this subject, my Iriends ; this. system has ceased. to form any portion of the institutions of our country; henceforward it belongs only to history. True it is:, then, that w'e have lived under an order of things that imposed. on the rising generation a class of preceptors who, in all their degreesand qualities, were known to be opposed, or at' least practical strangers to the religion of their pupils — nay, more, who Were notoriously the enemies of all religion. True it is, that in addition to the chief and crying evil of irreligious and anti-religious teachers, there was also in operation for all -children advanced beyond the stage of mere Infancy, a system, in which religion was not like its divine Author, made the way, the truth, and the life of all things, but was treated as a mere speculative branch of kaowledge, as a study that was to have its allotted portions of time-^and those few and fur between — and out of these to be utterly ignored, forgotten. ' Lastly, it is true that under thi3 system, now happily a thing of the pist-^-all reli gious creeds and doctrines, even the most opposite, were etybally taught and equally favoured as being all good alike, and alike open to reception— the necessary resulc of this being to produce in the tender and duc tile minds of children, either the misery of doubt, or the disgust of indifference.. ' Such, my friends, is the state of things lander which we have lived ; and to which people in general had become perhaps but too much habituated j but what sort of an aspect will it bear in the history of the world ? It iu a phenomenon hitherto unpre cedented and unheard of: so much so- that 1 think I may safely challenge its warmest advocates to point out any example of it in the history of any other period or na tion. 'Amongst all civilised people^ in all ages and alt countries, and riot less amongst the }ae uncivilized tribes of barbarians,' it has jnvanab]y been an established law and cus *mSi ^'S1'00* in some shape or other, Should be the basis of the education of the yonng-_.. should form ah essential condition, a chief and energetic ingredient in the im Poilant and difficult work of education; ' Doubtless, attempts have often been made to change the religion of those who were to be educatedj and to give them some other, which might be deemed better, and truer 5 but even in this case it was a faith which prompted the £eal', though perhaps erroneously. To endeavour to render the youthful student indifferent to all form3 of religion ; to seiae on the budding faculties of his soul only to crush in them all germs of innate faith and confiding hope — to surround him in his tender age with a teachiiig and an example that shall tend most effectually to make him dislike and suspect 1»9 father's religion ; to^despi9e or haughtily to pity his mother's devotion, — this, my friends, I say again, never^ never in any age or country but bur own, has been imagined or prac tised. ' Every community, unless fevered with the delirium of anarchy, feels the natural in stinct of self-preservation, and political self preservation depends mainly upon the reli gion of the young. The ungodliness of youth, with its inevitable accompaniment of immorality paves the way for generations without conscience and without restraint. ' This is the truth, that we, the pastors of souls have, as you well remember, been reiterating, these many years past, in the ears of the nation. From the sacred Scrip tures have we warned you, that he who soweth the wind shall reap the whirlwind. We warned those who wished to overthrow the dominion of religious truth over the minds of the people, that they were un chaining all the worst passions of the hu 'man soul. We proclaimed it aloud, that that abundance of temporal goods and sen sual enjoyments that was deemed the great security for public tranquillity, would finally bring forth, even in this world, most fright ful woe and misery — verifying the saying, 'pxtrema gaudiilucius occupat.' My friends, you well recollect with what anger, with what contempt, our warnings were spurned. ' But a day did come, when in the great political tempest that so suddenly overtook us; we began to understand the true social results of a sceptical education. They made themselves seen and felt precisely as we had so recently predicted. It was like the sud den gleam of forked lightning, flashing an ill-omend brightness throagh the darkness of the night, Alas, it was little more J for it displayed but one, and that perhaps not the worst side of the calamity. Still it was amply sufficient to fill the most incredulous with dismal forebodings ; and then it pleased God that those men who had been so indig nant at our advice, who had laughed our warnings to scorn^ should now be calling upon us to co-operate with them in remedying^ if possible, an evil, which they, and not we, had brought about* ' Then it was that the most eminent statesmen, when in their alarm they came to sound the foundations of society, agitated by sudh fearful tempests, found them, to their dismay, undermined and tbtter= ing ; for with religious faith all social faith had been annihilated — together with Chris tian virtue, all political virtue had been blasted—and society, instead of being a b»dy corporate, having all its members firmly knit together in the bond of mutual sym pathy and love, had become a mere aggre gate of isolated particles— a heap of sand ; according to the inspired prophets denuncia tion against the faithless city, which all bad passions had ravaged and uncontrolled sel fishness had broken up into conflicting units : JDaho Jerusalem in acervos arence. ' When this great internal decay was laid bar«, we beheld the most powerful intellects confounded — the most resolute courage daunted : we found no man who had the smallest confidence in his own ideas. Omne caput languidtim, el omne cor mcerens. ' Stil! amidst all this mighty ruin, there was to be seen one thing not yet overthrown ; tarnished indeed it was outwardly, but it had life within* I his was the Catholic Church, with her hierarchy, her discipline, her faith, and all that constitutes her strength by her unity. Then, under the absorbing influence of the common danger, they waived all un jost accusation ; made an amnesty of the de plorable past, and asked themselves if this ancient Church might not yet serve to prop up modern society in its hour of weakness and peril. ' Thus it was, that when called upon, as they soon were, to prepare a legislative mea sure on education, waiving the question of religion, they determined without hesitation, that on the one rock that remained unmoved amidst the earthquake, they would plant the new and rising generations) on whom de pended all the future of our country. 'The principle then being once for all admitted, that Catholicity is, before all things, a teaching, it is evidently necessary, that in order to secure to the young the benefit of a Catholic education, we must employ in it the tnlents, the superintendance and the co operation of the priesthood, to whom of right belongs the custody of the sacred deposit of divine truth. ' Such, my friends, was the spirit, scope, and intention of the important measure we are this day met to carry into operation, as it was conceived in the politic design of its originators. ' My friends, this undertaking is approved in the eyes of faith ; for the influence of faith is that which it seeks to re-establish : t is approved in the eyes of our country ; for her salvation depends on it, and on nought else. But let us not conceal from you that it is a difficult one ; there are arrayed in op position to it, inveterate habits, deeply rooted prejudices, and, perhaps, rancorous enmities. ' And yet, my friends, we may triumph over all obstacles on two conditions — one, that we be united ; the other, that we place our confidence in God alone.' 