THE POLICE REGISTER. THE WEE BIT DOGGIE'S TALE.--Once more upon the board came Janet Madden and Tammie, Celestina Roden and Charlie Baker, and all about the wee bit doggie, whose lamentable tale was reported last week. Tammie stepped into the rostrum and deposed that Charles Baker, of Miller's Point, did unlawfully and maliciously beat, stone, stick, stifle, strangle, strike, tail- twist, throat-throttle, and torture an animal of the canine species, better known at Miller's Point as "Mistress Janet Madden's wee bit doggie." Tammie deposed to the whole extent of this formidable declaration, and Charlie, with open ears and mouth, as vociferously denied the charge. "It's all a conspiracy," said he; "them as knows me, knows well as I loves a hanimal too well to torter him. The dog was violent, I'll allow; so I runs into the yard arter him, and chucked a stone at him, which hit the kennel a wallop; but blow my precious hearing if it ever touched a hair of his carkiss." Janet thereupon jumped up in aid of her Tammie, and deposed--"that Charlie Baker was e'en gangin a lang way frae the truth, and she'd fecht her ain neebor to testify to the same. Upon this, the portly form of Celestina again rose upon the testimonial steps. Once more she smacked the book, and delivered itself in this wise:-- "Messieurs, me sal leeve at Miller's Point; oui; vell! did here goot a man's sall not haf a room in ma maison; oui, yaes; vell I vas vash at de time; ven I hears Madame Mad- deen will call outs Shar-les Bak-ere vill a kills my do-orgs; now; cert-a-ny no. Vell, Messieurs, I nev-ere vill not sees Monsieur Bak-ere sall not kill de do-orgs; dat is true, veritablement, non. Vell me——." The Bench here cut the dog's tale short by fining Charlie Baker one shilling and costs, and recommending him for the future to keep away from female cats and male bow- wows. Charlie shook his head depondingly; paid the money; uttered the single word "unpossible," and departed grieving. "DON'T LET IT APPEAR IN 'BELL'S LIFE.'"-- Such were the words of a highly respectable and good humoured looking lady, Mrs Jo- anna Rich, as she smiled on their Wor- ships to help her daughter, Miss Louisa Pashley, out of a small dilemma with Mrs Agnes Bowen and her little daughter. "What- ever you do, your Worships," said Mrs Rich appealingly, "don't let it appear in Bell's Life. That's all I'm afraid of--that is, not ex actly afeard of—but—but—it is of no use dis- guising the fact—don't let it appear in Bell's Life. Now the circumstances is these: little Agnes Bowen, which there her mother stands, and is a nuisance to the neighbourhood; well, little Agnes comes on the day of our great wash, which is a very trying time, particuarly in wet weather, and when suns is a falling, and nothing so much as a good bleaching ground in Sussex street, barring a chimbley or two; well your Worships, little Agnes comes when Louisa was a firsting and I seconding; which, your Worships, I always brings my children up to be poor men's wives, nevertheless with a touch of the peanny and other ornamental accomplish- ments; well, your Worships, as I was a saying of—let me see, where was I? Oh! well--little Agnes Bowen comes and chucks bricketbats through the ary gratin and breaks two panes of glass at a shilling each, and I at the time wear- ing out my knuckles and crinkle-crankleing my thumbs with a dish of salts of lemon to take out iron- moulds; which your Worship knows, being in the line, is none so easy; Louise says I, to distract her intention; well, Ma, says she (answering my question afore I asked it), what's the row; Louisa, says I, as sure as suds are suds, little Agnes Bowen is playing her tricks, and keeping her hand in at window breakage. So both of us wrings our hands, and a pair of drawers, which I happened to have handy, and Louisa does the same by a slip at the same time, and we rushed up stairs. Agnes Bowen, says I, and Louisa followed suit, are you ashamed of yourself; where do you expect to go to? Home, says she, as bold as if she had done nuffin. You naughty, naughty, nastie, little gal, says Louisa, how dare you answer my Ma so, and she the mother of children, of which I am a specimen. So while we were thus a con- versin and speakin pleasin remonstringly with Agnes, her mother comes up, screeches dread- ful, and rouses the town; also strikes me in the buzzim, and knocks me pretty nigh a copse. Louisa, says I, faintly, for my wind, saving your Worship's presence, had left me—Louisa, says I, let's go in and rince out, for not another hands turn can I do if it was to fill our coal-skuttle full of nuggets. So in we goes, and never hears no more about it till here we comes; a'nt that right, Louisa?" "Yes, Ma," replied the young lady approvingly, "quite right; but I have a little more to advance; Mrs Agnes Bowen is ———." "Stay," exclaimed his Worship, looking through his Holland patent pebbles, "you are neighbours,--be friendly, and wash your hands of all such squabbles." "Agreed willingly," responded Mrs Rich. "I bears no malice to Mrs Brown or Agnes, which I love her like one of my own; but—please—don't let it appear in Bell's Life." A CAUTION.--The Police Force are particu- larly requested to take notice that, under the Act of Council, they are prohibited from doffing their suits of indigo at mere caprice, or passing will and pleasure. The great case of Chamberlain, tried yesterday, clearly establishes this fact. Ten pounds, or a month's sojourn in H. M. Gaol of Darlinghurst, is no joke. By the way, a funny scene occurred during the pro- gress of the case, which "Our Boy" thus en- deavours to depict:-- The Driscoll--I have a great objection----- The Bench--'Tis absurd; And we have ruled "that you cannot be heard." The Driscoll--If you refuse to hear, then take a note-- The Bench--Of yours? We'll not accept it. The Garryowen--Let me vote Upon this question. To speak really thrue, The man is done as brown as black and blue. Mr Nichols--Is it sky-blue you mean? I wish to know; Or is it the pure, patent indigo? The Garryowen--Faith, 'tis the azure milky way. The Bench--We seem Of Garry's joke at last to get the cream. The policemen who have given notice look very disconsolately; and as Chamberlain is walked off, they really do not seem to under- stand the cream of the joke. IT IS THY FATHER'S SPIRIT.--Mr Henry White, of Palmer-street, felt himself bound to call upon Sir Francis Callaghan, of Snowden Hall, to shew cause why he, Sir F. C., did tell Mr H. W. that he looked more like a ghost than anything else, and that he had not the ghost of a chance of disproving the assertion. Mr White threw himself into the arms of the Bench; there was a something between Sir F. and him- self, which it was needless to mention; but why should Sir Francis not have Head enough to know how to conduct himself? "Am I a ghost, your Worship?" asked Mr W. "That does not exactly come under my pro- vince," replied his Worship. "Are you in fear of your life?" "I am." "Then keep the peace, Sir Francis, or get somebody to keep it for you, else twenty-four hours in Darlinghurst shall be your portion." Sir Francis bowed his head submissively to the fiat, and looking over his shoulder, immediately secured the services of two aristocratic friends, who would have baileds him out for half the National Debt. 