ENGLISH -EXTRACTS. FATHER GAVAZZI'S NINTH ORATION ON SUNDAY IN THE PRINCESS'S CONCERT ll A IX. (From thc St. James's Chronicle, March 1. HIERARCHICAL USURPATIONS OF ROME. A crowded nnd brillinnt auditory testified to the intense interest the .Italian preacher's vigorous invectives have created in this me- tropolis ; and with unflagging energy he continues to demolish the superstructure of fraud and delusion which successive Popes have built on the weakness and credulity of Christendom. That this mighty.empire should just now feel in the present crisis of its go- vernment the insufferable annoyance of Papal intermeddling to the obstruction of its proud progress in grandeur and prosperity, and that the " flourishing kingdom of.'England" should be liable to encroachment and insult from such a puny quarter, would appear at first sight a marvel and a mystery ; but the father unravelled the complicated web of sophistry and imposture through which these preten- sions were framed and lubricated, and exhi- bited their flimsy texture and " devil's dust" materials to the alternate scorn and indigna- tion of the "assembly. The tenor ol' his dirroume was ni most en- tirely historien!, and thc rapidity with which he traversed the several centuries of crclesi ' asticnl unnals, drawing copious inferences ns he dashed fibing, renders it hopeless to convey a vivid iden of thc plenitude und pitpinncy of his argument. Ile insisted at the outset on thc.manifestly popidnr nial elective constim tion of primitive Clinrcliee, pointing out the utter «buence nf any nppronch tu a despotic centralisation in the.proceedings of the curly Chrisiinns. icripturiirrccortis ure not merely silent, but absolutely in direct mid repugnant hostility to' any notion of that kind. Not oiilvurc thc three hierarchical ranks of bishop, presbyter, nud deacon expressly set forth, but tuc form of appointment, and thc nature of their functions. Tu thu assembled fnithl'ul «ns invurinbly entrusted their selection, nnil thc notorious exnmplo of Hie (»rent Ambrose, civil governor Hf Milan, raised by popular acclamation to tho archiepiscopal dignity, without thc slightest reference to any other Itiilinn diocese ur prelate,' shows thu Christian flnrks of that |ieri(td in thu full possession^ of their primitive privilège». . Nor was tho prnetiee of the African church less palpably 'indicativo in. the case of lits great contemporary Augustin, who was by the voice nf the people of Hippo called to thc priesthood ami to episcopal functions In iii'ß, Irrespective oi bulls from Italy, then eqnnlly "unheard of in Spain, llrittuuy, ur "Gaul. " How were tho Roman bishops created? -not a whit otherwise than their brethren throughout tho rest of the Roman Empire. The fnithl'ul mutin crypts and catacombs, mid the comprehensive conclave was coextensive with the whole body of believers lu thu int' perlst city. Sylvester f" in MO, marked %ht first years of emancipated Christianity by a solemn enactment that such should ever be thc elective franchise regulating that bishop- ric to which the whole Roman empire natur- raIly yielded deference and precedency'; Yet a few centuries later we find Greogory V., the nominee of a German monarch, ousting the popular incumbent , John XVI, cutting off his nose and ears, and parading him on a donkey through the streets. Hildebrand next appears, like Guy of Warwick, to make and unmake Popes until it sui:td htm to seize the mitre himself and trample on the rights of empire, episcopacy, and universal humanity.- Wu'hir Innocent III., that fero- cious autocrat, the close corporation of car dinals becomes consolidated, and wrests the nomination of Popes equally from emperors and the people ; but schisms and strife for the tiara are not abated by the new arrange ment, but made chronic and inveterate ; the imputed working of the Holy Ghost in elec- tioneering tact ic j becomes more visibly the paltry handiwork of intrigue and cabal. Tiiirtj contests riiftgrnro a single century ; Popes and anii-Popes wage sangnina-ty battles, and l*y seige'to, or are besieged by, each other ; 'be battering nun decides the possession ol infallibility ; Peicr de Etina surfers eclipse ; Boniface the 8¡Ii furciby deposes Celestin V. in thc face of scandalised Europe ; tltcCouu eil of Constante demolishes without cere- mony two rival pretenders, to erect a pillar of trmh of a composite order in Manin V., of the house of Colonna. SJ varied are the influences brought to bear on th« iiroductioty of this impersonation of the Holy Spirit, that skipping over intermediate manoeu- vres, and c-ituiiig down to our own times, the election t f Leo XII., of Pms VIII., nntl Gregory XIV., were «ll three the wotk of Cardinal Alitant, u layman unordained bm paramount in the conclave : Rossi upset the chances of I.ainbruscliini, just ns similar generalship ninong yourselves defeats the hopes of Stanley. Disraeli, or Gnthem ; and when Pió Nono abdicates, as the Times will have if, if Wiseman plays tho game of Aus tria and the Czar, so as to damage England effectually, the man will get his wages, and another Nicolas, of English origin, may mount the throne of Breakspear (cheers timi laughtet)." Thc speaker, returning tn thc episcopal in * stifution, showed, by a variety of proofs and instances taken from the first four centuries, tin t throughout Christendom the system of domestic nomination formed the rule- a re- ference to Rome the rare and remote excep tum ; that the metropolitan's recognition was the only confirmation sought for or dreamt of in the various national plmrchpa ni tëurope ¡ metropolitans themselves wcre-í. atittited by t e patriarch of the cast, to wl.o . a letter is extant from the patriarch ol'th west allusive to the acknowledged exercise of that right as an inherent anti independent prerogative.' Benedict XI. was fte first who dared to question the free constitution of tHe oriental churches. Clement V. claimed the right of nominating the bishops in the vicinity of Rome. John XXII followed up this first attempt on thc episcopacy, by taking adv in- take ol'flic disturbances of Italy, end put forth, from Avignon,, a similar claim to nominate the bishops of Aquiles, Ravenna, Milan, nail Pisa, hitherto elected hy thu re spcciive chapters and elerey of th.'sc di >. ' cesan districts. John XXIII, in nu,, edie still on record, avails himself of tlt¿ con tinned troubles to prolong the exercise of a power, the illegality of which he is so con- scious of, that I c 1 mits it to his own life, pledging his successor to its res'ora ion. But thc next comer kept the ill. gotten advantage, anti ns the plumier of capitular rg'its lind cottle into fashion, kings and feudal lords hud took their share in the gei.er.il scramble ; an iniquity which in the long run corroborated the usurped power of the first plunderer; ns the clergy and people fled from petty tyrants to the Papal throne, and voluntarily surrendered their immemorial franchises to the Pope as a lessi r tvil than the monstrous intrusion i f feudal patronage and kingly interference. Then arose the base and scandalous transac tions called concordats, by which a bargain was made between the bishops of Rome anti the local sovereigns, for a division of the spoil of which neither had legitimate master dom, and thus tho independence of Europe an Churches was bartered away. The first o thesa nefarious negotiation« yyns that between Nicolas V. and Frederick Hf., to whom in exchange for temporal assit tance the Pope coolly mi:dc over itte rights of every diocesan chapter in broad Germany. The disposal of i dvowsons by wholesale was exhibí ed on tln very eve of the Reformation, when Leo X. for a consideration made over to F/a icis 1. what never belonged to him, the ri. presenting to all - the bishoprics of the Galli cnn Church. Henry VIII, secured the s .mc right tu hiimcli nntl successor«, not ''y nu invalid Papul grant but by a inure legitim te .course, the voluntary surrender tlici co by t e Anglican Church in full convocation. C ar e> V. in the general confiscation of Citri .te \ dom, struck, n bhrgiin willi the Fleming, Adrian VI., whom he had placed on the Pa- pal chair, ns having been his du.mctiic tutor, and receivetl in reitirtt,the,complete, investi- ture of Spanish bishopric, a proceeding which the.Jésuit historinn Mariana, and Un- equally unier.upu'ous Thocinssinj, unblush- ingly describe as n regulier quidpro quo bc .tween lite contracting parties. Clement VU., whom Cliarlts hail taken prisoner, came to terms with Iiis captor hy tho bribe of 2/ bishoprics in the kingdom of Naples, wlrclt ive.fv-accordingly pitt tú hts credit in the PH pal'letlger, und per contra he was set at ii berty. ' ' , " And thus waa the whole body nf Chris- tians swindled out of their birthright; their episcopacy become the property anti toni t f secular power. Tim pledge of 'Pope John XXII. remained unredeemed, ntid still sleeps with him -five centuries in thc grave-the original robbery has passed into proscription, and adverse possession holds what it never owned. Bid -created bishops replace thu elect of the faithful, mid what haye bien, what arc now, the results? Ask Switzerland,«herc u foreign-appointed . episcopacy lacerates, the bowels of the lund, ci entes . intentine" broils, nnd madden* the ignorant cantons into-H frci.zy of Sundcrbttnil rebellion. Ask Pied- mont, where thc outlaw and outcast. Fmnzaiii, has left behind him mitred fellow-laltotirdrs, still busy in tho retrograde cause of obscu- rantism and trenton (cheers.) A«k Niples, where cringing and courtier bishops bless thc bigot Iwmburd Jore, timi keep the dark deposit of ignorance, vice, and brutality in ita dismal integrity-aye, snfe from the printiiig-ptess, the -spelling-book, or the Gospel (cheers.) A* immedicable decrepitude results not only from what her- bishops did, but from what they have left undone. Ask Poland, where the Hornau .Court Ima hnitded over its consecrated pre- lates to swell tho ranks of .Mussinn slave drivers, nnd Austrian spies .(cheers.) Ami, finally, ask England, into whose peaceful pre- cincts twelve mitres have been flung from ltotnr, gowing broiiil-cpst lier venummts seed, whose rapid harvest is already reaped in ran- corous discord (cheer*.) . . The Fal her touched on the position of thc parochial clergy, and showed how the ihiril'eounrll of Carthage, In 997, aa well ni thu third held at .Orleans, in. 530, lind re- quired tho concurrence and neccptauee of the fl »pk in iii« appointment of pallor«, I» tba tucramentary nf the prim Uregory HO prim*: could bu ordained without tb« publication of ImnnB, such n« med now- n-days for marriage { and the people were called on to object if tba candidate were objectionable. Thc-M.S. codex, No. 4318, in the Vatican, still exist*, but tbe^formula bas disappeared from the modern jw.lificale, and with it the valuable recognition ot' a sonnd primitive principle, lie described thc degraded condition of tire [taliun cl d ra y i »bowed bow ¡¿nobly its rank« were recruited ; nnd dwelt on the fri vu lom (when not flagrant) pursuit* of the priest» hood ; tba roxcombry of ignorant monsignori, und utter absence of earnestness, honesty, or zea!. Hopeless nt home the Pope bad sought compensation for the contempt of Italians ia thc conquest of (his country, and sent hither a prince and privy counsellor of his puny court to carry out the joint intrigues of abso- lution and Loyola. This man must nrceisrr ly iibjir.e the interest« of England to ¡lo hi« master's w irk. Iiis thought« and his talk are of Rome, bia accomplice, Ullathorne, openly tell* the country he will disobey the Inws ; the bravado of an infuriated Cusanck, not the meek utterance of an apostle (cheers.) The bull of their appointment,!* equal in ar« rogance and insult to thu bull in cana Domini, which had to bc ignominiously disavowed »lien the majesty nf Europe'* monarchs and tlie parliament of France flung bnck its inso- lent contents wit li scorn and derision, nome, i if she meet but faint resistance now, will quickly fullow up the blow ; her cardinals, once their foot has pressed the English «oil, will never depart from the land that hst en« duri d thc contact, but trample it into ultimata subjection. Let England understand her true position in the present crisis, and cither sc iut the intruder or prepare to succumb. The Father continued in an auimnted «train to denounce thc aggression, and drew a ludicrous picture of the amazement which would spread in Home ou receipt from a newly-nppointed English " archbishop of Trastevere," of such a rigmarole from Lud» gnte, Bishopsgate, or Billingsgate, as the famous Him i ti ian document dispatched from a gate of thc Pupal cityA, For two hours ha spoke with a fervour and a flaw of eloquence which bullies all attempt at transcription. OYST.EK-EATING ANIMALS.-It is nothing mid. nnrvvlmlt's, inhabitants of the' ocean, should feed partly or principally on cuttles a-id shell-fish ; nor that the whale should ob«' tain a large proportion of the nutriment for its hugo growth, from the myriads of Utile (iteropud mollusca which crowd the Arctic ¡teas ; but perhaps you would not expect to find among molluscous feeders, animals which are strictly terrestrial. Yet-the ourang outang and the preacher monkey, it is said, often descend to die sen to devour what shell fish they may lind strewed ttptin Hie shores. The former, .iccording to Oitrreri Gemelli, feed in pnr liculur on a large species of oyster: and, fearful of inserting their paws between tho open valves, lest thc oyster should close and crush them, they first place « tulerab'-y large stone within thc shell, and then ding out . their victim with safety. The latter nre ho ¡ess ingenious. Dampier saw several of them take up oysters from the beach, lay them on a stone, anil bent them with another till they ilemolixhed tim shells. Wafer observed the monkey« in the island of -Gorgonia tn proceed n a similnr manner, and those of thc .Gnpe.of . Good Hope, if we nre to credit La Lonbere, /lerpetunlly nmnse themselves by transporting shells from the shore to the tops of themoun* tains, with the intention, undoubtedly, of- de» vonring 'them at leisure. Even ibo fox, when pressed by Lunger, will deign to eat mussels, mid othe^ bivalves! and the racoon, whuse fur ia esteemed by batters next in value to that of .the beaver, when near the shore, lives much on them, more particularly on oysters. We <«re told that it will walch the opening of the shells, dexterously put in its paw, and te*r out the contents ; but when it is nddul that thc oyster, by a sudden closure of its shell, occasionally catches thc thief and detains him till he is drowned by the return of the tide, the slo y nssnrnc» n very apocryphal char- . icter. . The American musk-rat, and an animal allied to it in New South Wales, feed on the large mussel^ so abundant in t\\\a rivers nnd .lagoons of those countries.) the a dennis dive for the shells, and drag them to fie land, where they break them, and devour t'ie inmates nt leisure. Our own brown.ra», having settled in many isle * nt a great distance from thc large bl an tis of the outer Hebrides, ' . finds incnns of existence there ip thc shell-fish nnd crustiicea of the shore ; nnd according to Mr. Jesse, the same rat, satiated as it in ny be with the common fare, will sntnetinies sélect the common brown snail (Helix Aspens.) n» a pleasunt entremet.-.D.'.'. Johnson's Mqlltts cont Animals. ROYAL FUN.-The Queen of Spoin ii learning to drive six-in-hiuid. 