CORRESPONDENCE. THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND A FAILUUE. To the Editor of the Datlt Times. Burra Burra, April 28, 1851. Sir—My solicitude for the honour »>t " God, my Saviour," aud the well-being of my fellow men, in duces me again to address them, upon" a subject which the present circumstances of this colony demand should be fairly understood, involving as it does the best interests not only of the present, but of future generations. We have already a State Church, and a domin ant sect of Religionists in this colony, and a State Bishop, who assumes to be the Bishop of South Australia, and who is securing all he can of public lands, and of public funds, for churches, parson ages, etc., the wholo of which for ought we know may be devoted to the spread of Popery, either in the form of Puseyisui or otherwise. The same Church in England, with an income of more than ten millions per annum, had been productive of extensive evil. It was mainly for this church that government grants in aid of religion were first made in this colony, which have already been the fruitful source of contention and discord, aud which if not at once abolished, will, as in England and Ireland, more especially involve this colony even tually in envy, hatred, strife, poverty, and ruin. If the Church of Englaud, with all its advantages, at home, has proved a signal and miserable failure, i after an experiment of three hundred years, let us | not involve ourselves in the guilt of establishing either that or any other system of State religion by grants of public money in this colony. I cor dially subscribe to the following essay upon this subject, written some years ago by one of our cougregational pastors in England, and have much pleasure in submitting it to the candid considera tion of Churchmen and Dissenters in this colony:— " When I assert that the Church of England is a • signal and miserable failure,' I do not mean to say (any more than I would of Popery) that it has not possessed many great and good clergymen, or that many souls have not been converted to God by their labours, but that—taking into account the vast amount of its revenues, the number of its agents, the length of its existence, its national privileges, and its high sanctions by the mighty and the noble—it has been anything but successful, es pecially when compared with the progress and efficiency of Evangelical dissent, and of the volun tary communions of the United States of America. I charge the State Church, moreover, with system atically and wickedly opposing, and as far as possible, preventing other denominations from doing good in this country. I verily believe-that, upon the whole, it has hindered others from doing a great deal more good to the souls of men than it has ever accomplished by its own operations, or, in plain terms,%that by such constant and effective opposition, it has indirectly ' destroyed many more souls than it lias ever saved.' These, I admit, are serious and sweeping accusations against the State system. I admit, too, that they are incapable of any specific confirmation. But they embody my deliberate convictions, and I believe that very many enlightened and holy persons, of different evan gelical persuasions, are of the same mind. Decla rations, and admissions to the like effect, have been repeatedly made by competent witnesses within and without the Establishment. I shall quote only the following:— Robert Hall—" Happy had it been, had civil establishments of religion been useless only, instead of being productive of the greatest evils." Mr Foster—"Religious establishments, in gene ral, have been productive of more dismal effects to society and mankind than could possibly liavo arisen from any absolute disregard to all religious opinions by the Civil Magistrate, and the total silence of the law upon that head." When speaking of the failure of the Church of England, it is necessary to assume some specific object for which it was originally established. Were it merely for the temporal ease, honour, and ag grandizement, of certain privileged classes or indi viduals, then I allow that, so far from being a failure, it has succeeded beyond all reasonable ex pectation. But if it were designed to promote the glory of God, the conversion of souls, unanimity in doctrine, uniformity in worship, or any similar supposablo object, then I contend that it has been a miserable failure. I shall now shew:— First. Wherein the Church has proved eminently successful.—Supposing it to have been established for the worldly honour, and pecuniary benefit of certain classes and individuals, it has nobly an swered its original design—For instance— 1\. The ruling powers in the Slate—being the legis lative and executive head of the Church—exercis ing the prerogatives of God himself—creating bishops and parsons by wholesale— enriching their friends—and strengthening their political interests, will not call the Church a failure. 2\. The most and right reverend Bishops—well paid—well fed—with sublime titles—in venerable wigs, mitres, silk aprons, and lawn sleeves—rolling in their emblazoned carriages—seated among the Peers—patronising their relatives—and giving others the Holy Ghost—will not call it a failure. 3\. The Deans, Prebendaries, Canons, §c., of our Cathedrals—with their soft- cushioned stalls, splen did sanctuaries, pompous ceremonials—light labor, large pay, snug dwellings, fawning tradesmen and dependants, and ample self- patronage, do not feel the Church to be a failure. 4\. The Chancellors, Archdeacons, Rural Deans, and other officials of the same Popish origin,—set down before great loaves and fishes, and clothed with a little brief authority over their brethren, which they exercise with a high sense of their own importance—will not call it a failure. 5\. The fat, sleek Rectors and Vicars, with two or three good livings a-pieee, and the best houses and gardens in the parish—doing most of their duties by proxies paid less than gentlemen's valets —and expecting thet deaths and posts ot right rev erend Prelates- will not call it a failure. 6\. The Ecclesiastical Doctors, Proctors,, Chan cellors, Registrars, Tithe Commissioners, &c;„ with the stewards, lawyers, architects, &c.;, of the Bishops and Chapters,—fingering nice pickings, out of every body and every thing—are not likely to call the Church a failure. 7\. The heads, wardens, masters, and fellows, of our Church and State Colleges, and other*great en dowed schools—with the attornics, stewards, cooks, bed -makers, butchers, shoemakers and menders, tailors, masons, carpenters, bakers, &c.;—will not pronounce it a failure. 8\. The lay and clerical monopolizers of onr an cient national and Catholic hospitals, and other charities,—who get the lion's share of what was left wholly for the poor—aud pompously distribute the rest to bribe and proselyte the necessitous—will not deem it a failure. 9\. The nobility and gentry, who quarter their younger, light portioned, and least gifted children upon the Church miiitaut—making them rich and easy at the national expense, and putting them in a fair way for a mitre and peerage—are not likely to call it a failure. 10\. Those who believe that all persons christened in the Church arc savingly and divinely regene rated by the Holy Ghost, and that all who are in terred in consecrated ground by a regular priest, are safe for heaven—of coarse, will not deem the Church a failure. What many poor curates, with their wives and families, would answer respecting the temporal suc cess of the Church, I am not prepared to say. It is possible they might hesitate a little before joining in the applause the preceding classes of conformists naturally raise in favour of their good old apostoli cal Church!!! In England, Popery is denounced in unmeasured terms ; in South Australia it is supported by liberal grants of public money ; admit the principle in the working of our new Constitution, and what is the natural consequence ? simply, that swarms of Pn seyites, of the Church of England, fresh from Ox ford University, and of Popish Priests from Eng laud and Ireland, aud other countries, will seek refuge and maintenance here at the public expense; and from the working of the State Church, as above described, it is evident large demands will be made, and, by State contrivance^ gradually obtained, and the colonists of South Australia will become the slaves or .victims of priestly intrigue and prclatical intolerance. Sorely it cannot he, that the free men of this colony are so dead to all the feelings of liberty as' voluntarily to submit to slaveiy.'I Your future liberty or slavery (under God) depends upon pre sent action. Raise your voice, and proclaim throughout the length and breadth of the colony, your firm and united determination to obtain, en joy, and transmit to your children, the blessings of civil and religions freedom. Mr Editor, in,this letter, I have shown how tho Church has been successful; next week I hope to show how it has been a "signal and miserable fail ure." Iu the mean time, I am. Sir. yours obliged, HENRY CHEETIIAM. Congregational Pastor, Burra Buna. P.S.—I perceive the passage of Scripture, at the close of my letter published on Monday April 21st, was not correctly pointed out. Instead of Matt. 26 and 26 v., it should have been, Matt. 22, v. 52; nor correctly quoted--Instead of "by the sword," it should have been, " with the sword.". 