CALIFORNIA. , Superior Court. — J. C. Smith presiding. Saturday, August 23. ' Metcalf v. lArgenti and Atkinson. The Court assembled at eight o'clock to hear the closing argument of R. A. Lockwood, Esq. ; after going through with the case he closed as follows : — But the distinguished counsel from South Caro lina has said that we owe everything to the patri- otic men of the Vigilance Committee, and that we ought not to obstruct their action, and he has spoken of the great obligations he is under to them, &c.; Let us, gentlemen, inquire into that thorny subject. It is said that our Committee is composed of ' nice men— men of wealth and respectability-—' our best and most influential citizens,' and that no 'honest man can suffer wrong Or injury from their clean and immaculate hands. More than eighteen hundred years ago Christ lived at Jerusalem. He had ' gone about doing good,' for thirty-three years — -so the good Book tells us. But the ' nice men ' of Jerusa lem, the Pharisees, who thanked God they were not sinners like Other men— the priests; who (like our holy expounders of religion) ' made the law of no effect by their traditions 9 — the money changers, whose tables Christ overthrew in the temple, which they by their extortions had ' made a den of thieves' —not coarse, hard-fisted, vulgar, petty thieves- — but sleek, pampered, and 'respectable' thieves, decked with golden ornaments, fine linen, and costly rai ment, who ' fared sumptuously every day,' and (like our money dealers and speculators) ' waxed fat' on the spoils acquired by fleecing and outwitting their fellow-men. Those ' best and most influential citi zens of Jerusalem, 'liked not the man Christ, and they sought how they might destroy him.' They . accordingly assembled in ' their committee-room,' (whether they were summoned by the tap of a bell does not appear) and ' they sought for false proof against Jesus that they might put him to death ; but they found hone, though many false witnesses presented themselves.' The 'Judge' — not Judge Parsons — not a ' miserable, . ignorant, imbecile, California' judge, but a Roman Governor, while Rome was the mightiest empire the world ever beheld, a man of vast ability, worthy of being the enemy of the bloody, but . gigantic Herod — the Judge told them that the law found no fault in Christ, but those predecessors of our Mormon ' Saints,' (for you know — if you have read the Mor mon Bible, revealed to Joe Smith by the same Lord who used to favour Sam Brannan with such rich ' dreams' — you know that the Mormons claim to be the successors of the ' lost tribes,') they cried out ' crucify him ! crucify him ! Give us Barrabas rather than Christ to reign over us!' The San Francisco saints exclaim, " Give us Sam Brannan to reign over us,' and for aught I know Brannan may be a corruption of Barrabas, and Sam may be lineally descended from the great Jewish pet. When those worthy prototypes — and to a great extent, progenitors of our bloody thirsty committee — haled to death the Son of Man, doubtless a feeling ul a. we ien upon me spectators, as aeep ana solemn as that so graphically portrayed by our venal and corrupt press, when, with base, pandering servility, with fulsome, sickening adulation, they lauded the tragic murders of the wretched Jenkins and Stewart. God grant that the women of San Francisco may not soon have cause to weep and wail for themselves and their children, rather than for the slaughtered victims of the unfettered bloodhounds who are now lawlessly dealing death and fate among us ! God grant that the day may not soon come when they shall say, " Blessed are. the breasts which never gave suck ;" when we shall all have cause to " say to the moun tains, fall upon us ; and to the hills, hide us " from the Vigilance Committee. God grant that some future Taoitus- or Josephus, when writing our history, may not have occasion to record horrors as , dreadful as those brought upon the devoted in habitants of Jerusalem by her bloody-minded " best and most influential citizens !" Am I indulging in morbid fancies or prating of idle and imaginary fears ? of evils not incident to the present state of mankind? Transport your minds from the doomed city of Jerusalem to Paris and the late French Republic. Pass over an inter val of eighteen hundred years, and come down to the days of Danton, Marat, Couthon, Robespierre, and the; Vigilance Committee of the capital of France, then. the centre of European civilization, learning, and philosophy. There, too, in the beginning, 'feelings of awe and solemnity fell upon the spectators ' as they beheld the beauty and chivalry of France — brave men and beautiful wometi — led to death at the fiat of a lawless and irresponsible committee. But like the tiger that has once tasted human blood, the excited and un- , restrained multitude suddenly acquired a keen and ' fierce appetite for carnage and havoc, which could be — not satiated, but fatigued — only by daily libations of ' blood ! blood ! ! blood ! ! ! ' — aye, the blood of the brave, of the beautiful, and of the gifted, until fair France became one vast human slaughter-house, and men were fain to seek shelter beneath the iron despotism of a military chieftain. (Great sensation.) Men and brethren, awake from your false security. Heed not those hireling and corrupt, editors who persuaded you to surrender to the patriotic and disinterested Vigilance Committee the custody of your character, your property, your liberty, and your lives. Heed not the crocodile lamentations and hyena howlings over petty crimes, of those vampyres who ' at midnight drain the stream of life ' in your midst, and at midday repeat their horrid orgies with triumphant demonstrations. Murder — murder, ten-fold more damnable than felonious individual homicide— stalks your streets, not shrouding its hideous aspect in murky darkness, not screening its blood-stained hand in secret lurk ing places ; but with brazen front, in the open glare of day, defying and trampling upon your consti tution and laws, and laughing to scorn the solemn mandates of your highest courts of judicature. Grant, if you please, that crime abounds in our midst. Grant that thieves, robbers, incendiaries, and homicides infest our community. Grant even that these malefactors have gone 'unwhipt of justice,' and that the iaw has failed to nrotect us from their depredations. What then? 'Must crimes be punished but by greater criminals ?' Sores, blotches, and ulcers, are very disagreeable and very annoying to the natural body of men ; but so long as the general health remains untainted, he easily endures them, and performs his destined part in the theatre of life ; but, when the heart is diseased, when once the source of life, and health, and vigour, is tainted, the man speedily dies, and becomes a loathsome and disgusting corse. So, too, malefactors or criminals are unseemly and trouble some excrescences upon the body of the social community ; but they do not essentially obstruct the general welfare so long as the vital organs of society are not paralyzed or destroyed ; but when mobocracy usurps and guides the reins of govern ment — when lawless combinations of individuals seize upon and wield the sovereign power — when self-constituted Vigilance Committees array them selves against the lawful authorities voluntarily ordained by the whole people, then the heart and life seat of society becomes corrupted ; and the death and utter decomposition of the political body must speedily follow. If it be true (and who dare dispute it ?) that the only foundation of human right to punish offenders is (not revenge — not the grati- neation 01 a terocious appetite tor biooa and deatnj but the securing of the general safety and peace of society, then are the Vigilance Committee tenfold more worthy of death than were the wretched Jenkins and Stewart, even conced ing those miserable victims to have been as guilty as reported ; and why ? Because they have done a hundredfold more to injure society at large, to paralyze its functions, to destroy its objects, and to render it an intolerable curse, than all the indi vidual malefactors that have infested our land since the shores of California were first trodden by the foot of an American. And yet we are unblushingly told that they must be excused, justified, and even applauded, that we must pay homage to them as public benefactors, because, it is said, they intend .well,. antL' did. evil only that good might come.' Did not the bigoted Catholics intend well, when, in.. the reign of Charles the Eighth (if I remember right) at the tolling of a church bell they caused the French Protestants, without distinction of age or sex, to be indiscriminately butchered ? Did not 'the Directors of the Spanish Inquisition intend well, when, in their zeal for the true faith, they im molated heretics at the stake? Did not the Mahometans intend well, when fulfilling the com mand of them Prophet, they 'sought the surest pass to the Turkish heaven,' by slaughtering hosts of Christian dogs, who refused to worship the Arabian Impostor ? W hy, gentleman, it was long ago said, that even ' Hell itself is paved with good intentions !' and never was there a maxim importing a more instructive, though melancholy truth. Yes, gen tlemen, a venal and worldly minded missionary, exchanging (as it is said) the heathen and thriftless field in which he was sent forth to labour, for the glittering mines of California, choosing to serve Mammon rather than God, and preferring the pa tronage of ' our best and most influential citizens,' to the wages ot righteousness, he may defile the holy tabernacle of religion, and like the Devil to whom he has sold himself, quote Scripture in sup port of iniquity ; he, by his cunning and faithless interpretations (as did the Jewish priests by their traditions), may make the laws of God and man of no effect when they come in conflict with the wicked purposes of his ' respectable ' patrons — a corrupt and hireling press, dependant for bread and pelf upon those same ' best and most influential citizens,' may pratb Jacobinical and disorganising absurdities about 'the higher law,' and publish fulsome and disgusting panegyrics in behalf of a lawless association of men, confessedly guilty of murder of the blackest dye. Nay more those guilty men themselves, blinded by their own fury, and elated Joy the flattery of their hireling sycophants and servile panderers, may now ieel and believe that they can justify the dreadful crimes they have committed; but the hour is rapidly approaching when they must render an account of those awful deeds to con science and to God; and when no false ministers or corrupt editors will be able to hide the naked and frightful deformities of their iniquity. . Then, when death — death which, though ' the haughty brave, the weak must bear, the wreteh must crave,' is, nevertheless, the great and paramount object of human terror — when gloomy and inexorable death armed with all its terrors, shall frown over their prostrate bodies — in that dreadful hour, 'when conscience must embrace the thought that com prehends woe without name, or hope, or end,' when the mind riven by remorse, ' shall writhe like the scorpion girt by fire, darkness above, despair beneath, around it flame, within it death :' when even ' penitence hath lost her power to wring one terror from the grave,' then will the pallid ghosts of their murdered victims, 'sit heavy on their flitting souls,' and, as did the phantoms of Bosworth field to the bloody Richard, with 'gnashing teeth and haggard lip,' bid them 'despair and die' — bid them ' to their sullen grave go, and with ghouls and afrits'rave, till these in horror shrink away, from spectres more accursed than they.' And shall those blood-stained men be allowed to assert and maintain, in behalf of their associates, an exemption from legal liability for gross and wanton outrages upon the most sacred rights of our citizens ? Shall the members of that band of felons and traitors against the laws of God and their country, be permitted to claim a license and indulgence to wrong individuals with impunity, upon the sham and insolent plea that they are organised and acting for the public good ? ' The public good ! Great God, gentlemen, how long will our cor rupt editors abuse and insult us with their shame less and absurd falsehoods as to ' the great good accomplished by the stern and inflexible, the noble- minded and never-enough -to-be-rewarded Vigilance Committee ?" What have those mushroom noble men — those sweet-scented, starch-collared, counter- jumping aristocracy, who, in one, short night, by the foul purchase of a goodly quantity of dirty ink and printing materials, became suddenly metamor phosed from cheating haberdashers and close-fisted and soulless money-dealers into ' an august body of patriotic noblemen' — in the name of sense, what good have they accomplished for the community, that they thus, with haughty and supercilious air, challenge for themselves the highest niche in the pantheon of our plebeian affections? Why, for sooth, they have kidnapped some half dozen poor devils, suspected of roguish propensities ! But' whence came the gloom, the despondency, the moral nightmare that now oppress our late buoyant and elastic land ? Ah ! Gentlemen, our phcenix- like city would emerge with increased energy and vigour, from the ashes of repeated conflagrations. -Commercial failures and pecuniary embarrassments had no visible effect in retarding our onward pro gress. 'The nations saw and wondered' -at our rapid and brilliant career. From every land and' clime, men nvere turning their thoughts and wend- sng their steps towards California. The ' star of empire' shone with dazzling splendour over our land, luring to our shores the brave and the gifted, the chivalry and the enterprise of the world. 4 Good men and true' were seeking homes in our midst, for themselves and for their children. They were willing to encounter fatigue, privation, and danger ; they were not dismayed by rapidly suc ceeding disasters, and the supposed prevalence of individual outrage and crime ; but now, panic stricken by the impending and threatening tempest that darkly lowers in our social atmosphere, they are thronging, in crowds, every departing steamer, hurriedly 4 shaking from their feet the dust' of our disorganized city, and seeking in other lands a home where no lawless and bloody-minded Vigilance Committee will dare molest or make them afraid. Away, then, with the canting hypocrisy, the absurd and insulting falsehoods as to the 4 great public good accomplished by the Committee/ I tell you, gentlemen, and I tell you truly, that all the fires that have so often wrapped our city in flames, and laid in ashes her edifices, and all the fires that may or can occur for the next five years, should they . even become ten-fold more frequent and destruc tive than they have been, have not done, nor can they do one-tenth part as much to obstruct and blight our public welfare and prosperity, as has already been effected by our mischievous and ac cursed Vigilance Committee. Bnt let me ask, what do our immaculate re formers purpose to accomplish ? To extirpate the evil propensities of mankind, and entirely to rid our community of evil doers ? Who ever saw, read, or heard tell of any community in any age or land that was not infested with malefactors ? It is folly and madness to suppose the possibility of such a state of society, so long as our world shall continue to be the theatre in which 4 man of the mixed essence wherewith he was created, makes a conflict between good and evil/ 4 The firrt man born into the world murdered the second/ and from that age to the present, murder mi/i /twiwiAo nViAnn/lA/1 in ntrflmr Innn on/1 auu ubii&t; vxiiiiwo liavc auuuiiucu lit c cij muu auu clime, and in spite of the best possible laws, and the most upright and efficient administration of them, will continue to abound until time shall be no more. But, , gentlemen, are our Committee actuated only by the pure purposes and laudable objects attributed to them by their base'panderers ? The servile editors who convert a public press into a public 'nuisance ; the canting/ hypocritical, pulpit jugglers, who outrage common decency by indiscri minate and shameless libels upon the law and its ministers, and insult God and man by prostituting their sacred functions to maintain a wicked and treasonable combination of insolent usurpers. They howl over the inefficiency of the law. They cry out that our judges are incompetent and faithless ; and therefore they have seized into their hands the reins of Government, and the cus tody of the public welfare. Do you believe that these false croakers really desire an efficient ad ministration of justice ? 4 Justice ?' God Almighty have mercy on their souls when Justice shall resume her awful sway? Justice 4 is just what they are afraid of!' A lawyer, a gentleman, a scholar, and a man that would ornament any society, and add lustre to any bench, presides over our Court of Sessions. But a few days since, in the discharge of his sworn duty as a magistrate, he called the atten tion of the Grand Jury to the foul murder of Stuart. He declared to them the undoubted law, as it is ex pounded by Bracton, Dalton, Coke, Finch, Hale, Hawkins, Blackstone, and the other 4 grave and sad men' who constitute the landmarks of our criminal jurisprudence. ; 4 Wantonly to kill the greatest of malefactors, a felon or a traitor, attainted, or outlawed, delibe rately, uncompelled, and extra-judicially is murder. And further, if judgment of death be given by a judge not authorised by lawful commission, and exe cution is done accordingly, the judge is guilty of murder. Also, such judgment, when legal, must be executed by the proper officer, or his appointed deputy ; for no one else is required by law to do it, which requisition it is that justifies the homicide. If another person does it of his own head, it is held to be murder, even though it' be the judge himself." — Bl. Com. 178-9. Here, then, we see at least one judge faithfully and ably discharging the high and solemn function with which he has been entrusted for the public good. Forthwith, the whole yelping pack; from the huge mastiff to the lf cur of low degree," firom-the sleek and pampered spaniel to the surly and male volent hound, deafen our ears with vociferous and discordant howlings because we have a judge who dares assert 4 truisms which no man disputes/ and attempts to enforce the acknowledged law, even when it proves distasteful to our 4 best and most influential citizens/ Every species of abuse, ridi cule, and indecent scurrility has been hurled against that able and conscientious judge by the truckling Guildensterns who bow before our Juggernaut Com mittee — that .huge and portentous monster which has now become a 4 massive wheel — fixed on the summit of the highest mount — to whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things are morticed and adjoined/ No, gentlemen, those purse proud up starts desire only the utter prostration of 4 awful rule and right supremacy/ and the substitution of themselves as our arbiters of right and wrong. And what security have you that they will prove more competent or faithful than the judges they so rabidly denounce ? Are they not mere men, com posed of the same flesh and blood, and subject to the like frailties and infirmities,, as are the judges and officers upon whom the whole people have wil lingly devolved the administration of justice ? Is it not grossly and stupidly absurd to suppose that a self-constituted association of individuals, without experience in their usurped functions, blinded by excitement, acknowledging no law but their own will, and unrestrained by any feeling of individual responsibility for the secret determinations of an invisible and tangible body — is it not absurd to suppose that such an associatiou of individuals can be more safely trusted with the awful attributes of sovereignty than the men selected by the entire community for their supposed fitness and qualifica tions, acting "openly, in view of the whole public, individually and separately responsible, each for his own acts, and impelled to do right and restrained from doing wrong, as well by the obligation of their official oaths, as by the consciousness that their professional aud private reputation and prospects in life depend upon the faithful and efficient discharge of their public duty ? 4 What judgment would step from this to this ?" But, gentlemen, note the qualifications of a Committee-man, as vauntingly, shamelessly promul gated by one of their brawling partizans, the Stock ton Journal. After saying thas he 4had placed them high before — even as high as the platform of 4 Jus tice,' ' he tells us that when he witnessed the mur der of Stuact it warmed his heart with admiration of those stern and inflexible men who proved them selves so capable of cold-blooded outrage and thassacre, and forthwith the committee rose still higher — 4 even in his estimation' far above 4 the platform of Justice/ But . hear him as to the qualifications of a committee-man. — 4 No person is admitted to the association until he has undergone the strictest scrutiny as to reputation, and then — though of good reputation — 4 if not deemed firm and efficient, he is rejected. If found weak in his support of the Committee — though firm and effi cient-— 4 or loose of soul — if he shrinks from murder and treason 4 he is expelled/ But mark, gentlemen, the horrid brutality of sentiment and feeling engen dered by these bloody-minded associations as manifested by the same editor in describing the ruthless massacre, by one of the numerous Vigilance Committees formed throughout the State upon the model of ours, of a Spanish female on the next day after the Stuart tragedy, for the alleged offence of killing a man whilst in the act of grossly insulting her. 4 She was immediately arrested, tried, sentenced, and hung at tour o'clock in the afternoon of the same day. She did not exhibit the least fear, walking up a small ladder to the scaffold, and placing the rope round her neck with her own hands, first gracefully removing two plaits of raven black hair from her shoulders to make room for the fatal cord. Some five or six hundred witnessed the execution.' Thus, with sarcastic levity and fiendish exultation a public editor gloats over the details of the most shocking barbarity to be found in the annals of any civilised country. Suoh brutality is enough to make one 4 seeing this, and having human feelings, blush, and hang his head to think himself a man. Such, gentlemen, is the monstrous association to whose custody we are sought to be bullied into, surrendering. our lives and all that renders life valuable. Surrendering, did I say ? We are already captured. The landmarks of right and property and freedom are trodden down. The Committee have declared themselves sovereign. 4 Who will now dare shout for the supremacy of the law ?' insolently bawls out one of their pernicious crea tures ! 4 Judges may frown, and men of the law may growl, but the will of the Committee shall be Supreme,' exclaims another caitiff hireling. Your Supreme Court has been mocked scorned, and defied ; and even the sacred writ of Habeas Corpu' has fallen powerless, beneath the worse thai, despotic sway of this dreadful sovereign ? 4 What a fall was there my country-men/ when thot vene rable bulwark of human liberty fell, trampled )eneath the ruthless feet of these Vandal reformers ! Then I and you, and all of us fell down, whilst jlody treason flourished over us !' If our puritanical Committee really desire to promote the public good by ridding the community of evil-doers, and punishing those offenders whom the law does not, or cannot reach, why do they not jegin with those 4 large-handed robbers' — who 4 our grave masters are — and pill by law ?' Why do they not repress those greedy userers, those rapacious leeches who drain and exhaust our substance untilr in a country with a specie capital vastly greater than the richest State of the Union, .we have the poorest community and people on the face of God's earth. The poet Butler informs us that Hudibras — a notable member of Cromwell's Vigilance Com- mitttee — had such a superabundance of logical resources — Was so profoundly skilled in analytic-- > that he could demonstrate how rooks might be Committee-men.' But even that distinguished logi cian would be uuable, by analysis, to explain how, and why it is, that the gentlemen who, last year, during the Sacramento riots, were fierce sticklers for 4 law and order, ' who then, with bristling bayonets and trenchant blades, 4 for flashing in their red right hands/ rushed to the aid of the 4 best and most influential citizens' of Socremento, eager to shed blood in asserting the supremacy of a doubtful and disputed law, which secured to them the monopoly of all the public lands, to the exclusion of small' squatters, how and why it is that those men are now the most prominent members of our Vigilance Committee, armed to the teeth, and ready to do mttle for the subversion of the acknowledged law ! This singular fact, however, may afford an ex planation of the reason why our committee direct their whole prowess to the extermination of the petty rogues, without any attempt to molest the great ones. Should it also be possible that they are becoming doubtful of their own construction of the., aw for which they fought and bled last summer, that might, furnish another motive for their personal anxiety to subvert the law and the Courts and. thus prevent the disagreeable consequences that might result from the existence of a competent legal authority to oust them from their plundered acquisitions. Beware then, gentlemen, lest you experience the fate of those Israelites of old, who complained of their judges, that 4 they took bribes and perverted justice, and therefore they besought their Samuel to give them a king to reign over them? Beware lest our Samuel also displace our judges, and sub stitute kings, worse than Saul, who 4 shall take the best of your fields, and your vineyards, and your olives, and give them to their servants;' tne false sycophants who shail aid them in subverting your liberties. Beware how you permit the sovereigns of this Vigilance committee to invade and trample upon the rights of even poor Metcalf, upon the pretext that it is required by the public good, or the public danger. Such is ever the tyrant's plea, - Remember the Athenian, who exhibited to the people self- inflicted wounds upon his person, pre tending he had been assaulted and maltreated by ruffians, and persuaded them to allow him a body guard for his protection, with which (though, numbering only three hundred, much less than our Vigilance Committee) he subverted the liberty of, fair Athens, reduced his countrymen to servitude, and secured to himself the sovereign sway, under, the pretext of ridding the City of disorderly persons. Gentlemen, did you ever read Shakspeare's King Henry Sixth. I have thought 1 could dis tinguish much similiarity between Jack Cade and his adherent, and Sam. Brannan and our reformers. : Portions of the dialogue forcibly illustrate the char acter, temper, and objects of our committee. Our editors need only change names with those partizans i of Cade who complained that their magistrates were no good workmen and they might then ap- . poropriatly quote Shakspeare and say to their readers. 44 We tell you Sam. Brannan means to dress ' the commonwealth and turn it, and set a new nap upon it.' To those who have a morbid appetite for blood, they might say. 4 Only let the Vigilance Committee suppersede the Courts — then shall' sin be struck down like an ox, and .iniquity's throat cut like a calf, and the Committee shall have the skins of our enemies.' . Only fancy our great Mormon 'dreamer' person ating Jack Cade, and exclaiming, 4 1 will apparel all our best and most influential citizens in the livery of the Vigilance Committee, that they may agree like brothers and worship me, their lord.' Then just suppose the following dialogue from Shakspeare to take place between this saintly re former, and our worthy editors, and you will at once conclude that the great bard could also 4 dream ' some, and foresaw what is now transpiring in San Francisco. Editors — 4 The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers,' Sam Brannan-r-4 Nay that I mean to do.' Editors — 4 We have a suit unto your saint-ship; only that the law of California may come out of your mouth.' Sam — 4 1 have thought upon it ; it shall be so. Away, down with the Courts, burn all the records ; my mouth shall be the parlia ment of San Francisco.' And thereupon the curtain falls, and 4 the shouts sent from fierce thousands in joyous ire, ' almost shake the firm earth ;' and a public dinner at the Committee Room, and a com plimentary flag, are voted to 4 Ned the butcher.' But now, gentlemen, I must bring my argument to a close. I have done my duty to my client, as far as I am able, and it now rests with you to de termine whether I have done so in vain. I feel and tremble at the fearful odds arrayed against me. In earlier days, while hope was high and will was strong, when holding up the shield of the law between the oppressor and oppressed, I have felt that I could proudly brave and scorn popular pre judice, and the outside influence of wealth and power. But now that 4 my days are in the yellow leaf,' and 4 the melancholy telescope of truth is bringing life near in utter nakedness, mak ing the cold reality too real,' now that the leaden hand of age begins to rest heavy upon me, and sad experience has shown that the dictates of prudence are safer than the promptings of enthu siasm, ilfeel almost cowering before the rage of popular clamonr, ancj the insolence of com bined wealth. '/ But when I consider that I am not 'merely. pleading the cause' of Peter Medcalf— an inoffensive and wronged man — but that I am also advocating the cause of you and me, and those who shall come after us in this world-known-land — that I am standing up in defence of human right and lawful freedom, against the insolent assaults of usurping wealth and its hired minions — I cannot rest, 1 will not believe that you will suffer these proud lordlings to trample with impunity upon my injured client. And why should Metcalf be denied redress in our courts ? Because he is a Englishman, and emigrated hither from Sydney? Why, you and I are also emigrants, and as much foreigners to this land as is thes plaintiff. Have you forgotten that the brave Montgomery, the chivalrous Lafayette, the heroic De Kalk, Kosciusko, and many very many choice spirits who aided in achieving our independence were emigrants and foreigners to our soil ? Have you forgotten that during the dark hour of our revolution, America had no friends more true and devoted than Barre, Fox, Burke, Chatham, and that host of other patriotic and uoble-mindecl English men, whose trumpet- vaices in our behalf so often reverberated in tones of thundePwithin the walls ot Parliament? But, gentlemen, lam not making a Fourth of July oration. I will dismiss this topic with reminding you that most of our own revered ancestors were also English emigrants. And who need blush to own for his birth place glorious old England ? the land of Bacon, Hardwicke, and Erskine, the home of Milton, Shakspeare, Byron, the nation of Mhrlborough, Nelson, and Wellington. Peter Metcalf, a plain, honest, unpretending English yeoman, emigrated to California. He brought with him his wife and children, declared . liis intention of becoming a citizen of the United States, pursuant to our naturalisation laws, and selected San Francisco for the permanent home of himself and his family. For two years, he, , his wife, his daughter, and his son, have laboured among us, and by unremitted toil. and industry, have acquired a home and a competency—not only doing no wrong, but constituting a portion of our most useful and truly respectable citizens ; while their honest and hard-earned acquisitions remain with us, and form a part of the only actual wealth of our community. Argenti — a potent and ominous name — Argenti, a foreigner, but not an Englishman — not a plain, hard-fisted working man of producer, but a sharp-witted Jewish money-dealer — he also emigrated to California, and has succeeded in fleecing , our people of piles of gold— not to remain or be circulated here, and thus promote our good or add to the general wealth, but to be consigned by every departing, steamer, to foreign lands. He hrouglit with him no wife nor child. He did, however, take to himself a wanton harlot ; who, vain ot her gaudy finery, and proud of the protec tion of her wealthy paramour, looked down with insolent scorn upon humble and unpretending virtue. At the capricious mandate of that shameless whore, Argenti, 4 that best and most influential citizen,' and the other defendant, summoning to their aid some fifty of the 'stern and inflexible Committe,' armed with revolvers, place .themselves under the petticoat banner of. this foul hag, and in defiance of law, decency, and humanity, at the dead hour of night, follow her filthy steps into the peaceful dwelling of honesty, virtue, and chastity, ahd with shameless brutality, force into their beds a chaste wife and, virtuous daughter ; and wantonly commit outrages so gross and insulting as scarcely to be credible. Gentlemen, cram down the false throats of our lying editors, their slanderous brags, 4 that no jury will dare award one hundred dollars damages ' for this wanton and unparalleled outrage. Bleed these purse proud lordings to the last cent of the twenty thousand dollars claimed by this complaint, and you will perform an act not only of limited justice between these parties, but one of which yourselves, .and the community, and the whole civilized world will long and justly be proud. I am done. At the conclusion of the argument, the jury withdrew in the custody of the sheriff, and re mained out till 9 o'clock on Saturday evening, when they came into court, and reported through their foreman, Theodore Payne, Esq., that they could not agree to a verdict, whereupon they were dis charged by the court. The Great Exhibition has killed everything else. The Court, the two Houses of Parliament, the nobility, the gentry, the commonalty, the army, the police, carriages, cabs, and omnibuses, are all daiicing attendance upon it. The shops are unfre quented, The places of public amusement are comparatively deserted. Even the railways lose their summer excursionists. Hampton Court and Greenwich exhibit in vain their horse chesnuts in bloorii and their whitebait in season. We question whether even the great Derby day will attract so large a fraction of a million as it has usually done. The tall plant in Hyde Park has smothered every thing in its neighbourhood. The Exhibiton is London ; the Exhibition is the Parliament ; it is the British empire ; it is house and home ; it is drawing-room and study: it is parterre, conserva tory, and promenade : it is park and club ; it is shed and bazaar, theatre, picture-gallery, panorama, — everything in a word, which a man or woman wants in this metropolis. The possessor of a season ticket, with a small surplus for cabs, or, in default thereof, a good pair of legs, is set up for the season. In a palace large enough to be a glass-case for Versailles or Windsor Castle, filled with all that is ingenious, precious, beautiful, curious, or rare, he walks at large, monarch of all he surveys. From the regalia of Indian dynasties to the last invention of European scietice — from the rude manufactures of people who. dwell -by the desert, or under the Mountains of the Moon, to the patent for separating the long and short fibres of wool, which is to found a new family of millionaires, everything that the eye can gaze on or the mind can apprehend, invites admiration. There is no door to be opened — no wants intimated — no importunity to be repelled; — no purchases expected. To all appearance some twenty or thirty thousand of this metropolis have resolved to enjoy themselvesin this palace till they are compelled ,to be content with two days in the week, or to be lost in a crowd still larger than themselves. But such days and such insatiable wanderings are very exhaustive. Even two. or three hours amid the 4 hum of nations' is enough to knock up a strong man, and we question whether, since the war, there ever whs such an amount of physical and mental fatigue as there has been in this metro polis every evening since the first of this month. Parliament cannot continue to sit with any effect in the face of so powerful a rival, and with so great a drain on the strength of legislators as well as of all other classes. June and July, too, have other attractions, which will begin to hold up their heads and exdrt their influence should the novelty of the Exhibition wear off. The season will probably be one of more than usual hospitality ; for there is hardly a family of any position or means in the country that will not find its way to tow. With so much to distract, and so much to fatigue, it is useless to say that members of parliament ought to be at their posts to make a house when wanted, to support their party, and do other political drudgery. They ought perhaps, but nevertheless they will not. The session will be the struggle, of a sleepy man under a long and heavy sermon. He may open his eyes, shake himself -and pinch himself, but all to no purpose. After a hundred convulsive efforts at attention, but he will be utterly unable to state either the text or the subject of the discourse. He will have lost an hour, and gained nothing but the discredit of an involuntary inattention. Perhaps the House of Commons ought to do more this session ; but, in matter of fact, it will do no more. It will only waste its time and injure its character by an obstinate and slovenly perseverance in its duties, when it has neither the heart nor the strength for them. . Under such circumstances, the sooner it shuts up shop the better for itself, and the better eventually for the business of the country. — Times , Cost of the present Caffre War. — The United Service Gazette states : — 44 We hear, from high authority at the Cape, that the cost incurred in the first month of hostilities was about £260,000, and thai it has "been between £80,000 and £90,000 per month since. The Site of the Times Office.— Our office stands upon the foundation of Black-friars, where I for centuries Plantagenets, Yorkists, Lancasterians, | and Tudors held courts. We have reason to : believe .that just about where we sit was heard that famous case for annulling the marriage of Catherine, which fed to the English Reformation. — Times. A Fortunate Viqlin Player. — Ole jhill who is on a musical tour in Asia, is said to have accumu lated a fortune of two million francs. — Liverpool Albion. i Dangerous Position of the Emperor Nicholas. — A Paris journal says, 44 A letter from Vienna states/ that the Emperor of Russia had a narrow escape from destruction on a railroad near Cracow, when returning from . Olmutz to Warsaw. Owing to an unpardonable negligence of the railroad ad ministration, notice had not been sent up the line of the intended departure of the imperial train, and, when near a station, the carriage of the Em peror must have been crushed by a collision with another train but for the presence of mind of the engineer who drove the locomotive of the Emperor's carriage. By an extraordinary effort he brought .the locomotive to a stand, and the signals to the approaching train were in time for its speed to be relaxed, so that no accident occurred" — Liverpool Albiotiy June 16. The Miller and Painter. — A miller of Lynn, who lately quitted his-mill to keep a public house, sent to a painter to paint him a sign, on which he would have a mill. 4 1 must have the miller looking out at the window.' 4 It shall be done,' said the painter. . 4 But,' replied the miller, 4 as I was never seen to be idle, you must make him pop in his head if any one looks at him.' This was promised, and in due time the sign was finished, and brought home. 4 It is well done,' said mine host ; 'but where is the miller.'. 4 Oh,' replied the painter, 4 he popped in his head when you looked.' . Hints to Housekeepers. — Silk cannot be ironed smoothly so as to press out all the creases, without first sprinkling it with water and rolling it up tightly "iiratowel, letting it rest for an hour or two. If the iron is the least hot it will injure the colour, and it should be tried on an old piece of the same silk. Bright coloured silks or ribbons, such as pinks, blues, yellows, &c.;, always change colour on the ap plication of an iroriT Blacks, browns, olives, greys, &c.;, look very well after ironing. Silks should always be ironed on the wrong side. 