BE NOT SttLE-DECEIVERS. (From Tail's Magazine.*) Since we are in a plain-speaking mood, we shall say that the spirit and language in which this misdirected and exaggerated [No Popery] agitation has been carried on have been discreditable and injurious to our cha racter as Englishmen, whose motto is fair play, and as Protestants, whose doctrine is toleration. Protestants have got so thoroughly possessed with the idea that they are very liberal and tolerant, that they are never re strained bv anv fears of transgressing in thf- other direction ; and so thoroughly imbued with the conviction that Papists are always intolerant, that facts to the contrary receive neither belief nor ? attention. Brethren, let ub not be self-deceivers. All the liberality is not on one side, nor all the illibsrality on, the other. For one moment look and listen. Protestants often cry, ' No-Popery !' Do we ever hear our Popish fellow-countrymen crying, ' No-Protestantism ?' The whole political or ordinary press of England has every. morning for months been coming put with the strongest and most sneering abuse of the Roman Catholic religion; what would be thought if the press of Ireland catae out every morning in the same style on the Protestant religion ? The mobs of English towns have been amusing themselves with burning effigies of the Pope and Archbishop Wiseman; what would be thought of the mobs of Irish towns amusing themselves by burning the Archbishop of Canterbury, or any other person whom Protestants regard with even one- hundredth part of the re verence with which the Papists regard their spiritual head ? What do you think of the iact that these things are done by Protes-i tants, and are not done by Papists? To glance at another class of facts — Irish con stituencies, nineteen in twenty Roman Ca-. thoiics, return Protestants to Parliament without a -word about their religion if their politics accord ; we scarcely kuow a single popular constituency in Britain where a Roman Catholic, though in all other respects qualified and t acceptable, would have the ghost of a chance ! . Four or five years ago, a vacancy occurring in the representation of perhaps the most Libeia! country con stituency in Scotland, Kircuubii^ht, a Ro man Catholic gentleman, (Mr. Constable Maxwell) of large possessions, high charac ter, and great personal popularity, started- as the Whig candidate, but found he might as well have started for the 'Primateship of All Eng land.' Now, good Protestant reader, if the counterpart of this had happened, even in the most thoroughly Popish county of Ire land — if a candidate otherwise welcome had been repudiated because he was a Pro testant — would we not all have shouted — ' What vile bigots those Papists are !' And if Mr. Maxwell had slipped in for Kirkcud bright, would we not all have shouted — ' How liberal we Protestants are !' But then, look how things have happened. The Protestant Mr. Herbert (we take the first instance that occurs 'to our mind) is; made member for Popish Kerry, vyitnqut a word about his religion ; and Mr. Maxwell, solely on account of his religion, will never be member for Kirkcudbright! What should we cry at this? Ah! 'The case being altered, that alters the case.' One instance more. At the very time (a few weeks ago) when we were all crying out about Popish bigotry, and heaping on the Roman Catho lic religion every epithet of opprobrium and abhorrence, the Town Council of Dublin, five-sixths Roman Catholics, were unani mous in electing a Protastant Lord Mayor. Are we likely soon to sc?e a Catholic Lord Provost of Edinburgh or Glasgow? And, finally (we only finish for want of sufficient space), if a Popish Prime Minister wrote an official letter denouncing Protestantism as ' slavery,' ''depredation,' 'superstition,1' arid 'mummery.' he would scarcely succeed in keeping his head on his shoulders. Yet, when a Protestant Prime Minister so de nounces Popery, he gets ' three cheers' at a thousand meetings : and never did the Guildhall of London hear such thumping of tables and jingling of glasses ! These are facts: look at them, we ought to regard ourselves as superabundantly stocked with that Christian virtue which spsaketh no evil, vaunteth hot itself, is not puffed up. 