THE BALLOT. BETWEEN this and the polling day for the City, we think that gentlemen who are wavering upon the question of the Ballot, may possibly lind some strong facts pre- senting themselves, to enable them finally to form their opinion. That the adoption of this mode of voting would do iomit'un¿ to check the cagci spirit of cmvassing, is ni lowed bj prettj neirlv allilihjiibsionato people An cxem plihaitiou of the evils of tint system, is presented by the condition of electoral mitttrs foi the City ut llie present moment Amongst these candidates we find Mr Westgarth, the man of all others who has the best claims to a seat m the new Council and Councillor Hodgson, whose claims are the most supremely ridiculous. And yet a diligent canvass on the part of the latter, has impressed many sagacious people with the belief that Councillor Hodsgon will succeed in ousting Mr Wesgarth. The multiplicity of the engagements of the one gentleman has prevented him from attending to his canvass as diligently as he might have done ; while the myste- riously convenient nature of the avoca- tions of the second, ssems to have left him perfectly at leisure to creep about back lanes, and solicit votes all day and every day. This is a very bad state of things, that a good man should by possibility be beaten by a diligent canvass, by such a ghost of a representative as this disciple of Liebig ; and we must say that we do not envy him his position in the event of his success. The fact of his possibly ex- cluding a man of the sterling worth of Mr Westgarth, places his own insignificant pretensions in the most invidious light, and one that teh public will appreciate very keenly, if such an event should possibly occur. But the fact is that a prompt and eager canvass upon the part of such an incapable as this, has placed some hundreds of the worthy electors of this City upon the horns of a dilemma. With unthinking good nature, they have pledged themselves to the first comer, little dreaming of the eager contest to follow, and they now find that they have either to violate their pledge, or vote for a candidate that no rational man can look upon as even decently eligible. Between breaking their word, and most scandalously shirking their duty, they are most sincerely to be pitied, despite the rashness of their pledge. We beg to sug- gest that they wait upon the gentleman, apprise him of their difficulty, and beg of him to absolve them from a promise given inconsiderately, and which can scarcely be declined without a violation of the con- science, and after-reflections of a very painful character. Under such circumstances, we do not know what answer Mr. Hodgson would give, but to a fair representation of the case before the day of election, we know what answer a man of honour ought to give. 