REPORT OR TFTE OPINIONS OF THE CLERGY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA ON THE " MINUTES OF PROCEEDINGS OF THE AUSTRALASIAN BISHOPS," AT SYDNEY, IN OCTOBER, 1850. To tub Right Rkvebemd thk Lord Bishop ok Adelaide. Chapter House, Adelaide, February 5th, 1851. My Lord—We, the Clergy of the Diocese of Ade laide, having deliberated, at. your Lordship's sug gestion on the " Minutes of Proceedings at a Metro politan and Sutfragen Bishops of the Province of Australasia, held at Sydney in October last," have now tiie honour of submitting, for your Lordship's consideration, our views and opinions thereon, as embodied in the following propositions. Though unfortunately under the necessity of differing from your Lordship on raanv points, we trust that our manner of doing so will be deemed unexceptionable. We are persuaded that we only do justice to the Chief Pastors of the Australian Churches by giving them credit for a sincere and earnest desire to advance the interests of true reli gion in their respective Dioceses. As the Presby ters and Deacons of the Church of England, wo must claim to be considered no less desirous of secu ring the attainment of the great ends of theChurch's institutions. It was not thought necessary to remark upon those matters contained in the " Minutes" which are determined by the Rubrics; referred to the de decision of the Ordinary; or, judging from the general usages in the mother country, left to the discretion of each individual clergyman. Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity on minor trivial matters would, it is to be feared, not only fail in its object, but would tend to engender strife and evil surmising?. The Church needs rest. May its Chief Pastor, be endued with the spirit of wisdom, power, love, and of a sound mind; and may we all—Clergy and Laity—be divinely enabled to maintain the faith "in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in j righteousness of life." Propositions above referred to. 1\. That oar proceedings mag be made public.) 2\. That we proceed to the consideration of tho " Minutes " seriatim ; omitting, however, all discus sion upon the question of baptismal regeneration, except to ailirm on the propriety or otherwise of its introduction into the " Minutes." 3\. That we regard the meeting of the Bishops respectively of Sydney, Tasmania, New Zealand, Adelaide, Newcastle, and Melbourne, simply as a voluntary assembling of the Chief Pastors of the Aus tralian Dioceses, to confer upon matters affecting the interests of the Church. 4\. That while we approve mainly of the objects on which the Bishops proposed to consult—as spe cified in Section L—wo cannot refrain from expres sing regret that, as they had not conferred with their respective Clergy before their meeting, they should have forwarded their " Minutes " to Eng land, with a view, it is presumed, to Imperial Legislation, without previously submitting tliem to the Clergy and Laity of their respective Dio ceses. Future Synods and Conventions. 5\. That adverting to chap, iii., " Ou Future Synods and Conventions," we are of opinion that it would be preferable for the Clergy and Laity to meet in one Assembly or Convention, consisting of every licensed Presbyter having cure of souls, and one or mors Laymen, chosen by and out ol the members of each congregation, in full communion, and presided over by the Bishop of the Diocesa. Subdivision of Dioceses and Nomination of Bishops. G. That the right and power of Her Most Gra cious Majesty to snbdivido the Australasian Dio ceses and to nominate Bishops thereto hits hitherto been wisely and beneficially exercised, and ought for the present to remain intact ; and that, should a period arrive when it thould be deemed expedienr that Her Majesty should relinquish the right tf nominating to Colonial Sees, we are of opinion that, according to ancient usage, .such right of nomination should l>e vested in the Clergy of the Diocesa over which the Bishop is to preside. Church Membersh p. Mijjite.—On a discussion of the phrase " duly baptized," it was understood that the word " duly" was intended to be ex plained by the words fullowing, viz.— " with wafer in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," and not to refer . to the person baptizing. DISCIPLINE. Clergy. 7\. That as the Australian Bishop* " disclaim " the right, power, or wish " to suspend or revoko, at their own discretion, the licences of Clergymen," we are of opinion that the licences to incunibenccs should, as far as possible, be in the same form of words as those issued to incumbents in England, and not recoverable at ''pleasure." 8\. That it is desirables rheiv should be a power of depriving Clergy,-convicted of immorality or heresy, of their incumbencies. Status of Ckrgy. 9\. That we view with some degreo of fear and disapprobation the desire of the Australasian Bis hops to license Clergymen to charges of a " tempo rary nature," and the wish expressed by them "that candidates for Holy Orders should place themselves" entirely "at the disposal of tiieir Bishop for soma definite term of years, and leave to hini the respon sibility of appointing and changing their station during such period —as we believe such a policy, if general, would, under present circumstances, be injurious to the maintenance of mental indepen dence, doctrinal purity, and pastoral fidelity among the junior Clergy, and would be inimical to their domestic comfort and general usefulness. 10\. That it is of the utmost importance to the re spectability, influence, and efficiency of the clerical body in this Diocese to keep up, as far as possible, the standard of secular and theological learning for candidates for Holy Orders which is required by the Bishops at home. 11\. That, under present circumstances, it is not desirable to admit to the Diaconatc, for the service of the Church in this Diocese, persons whose pre vious position in tiic colony would materially impair their influence. 12\. That-, for the due preservation of order nnd harmony, it is desirable that no Deacon or Cateclust should bo introduced into any district already un der the cure oi u Presbyter, but on the nomination of such Presbyter to whom the said Deacon or Cal eehist should be subordinate. J.ITL'KG V. Marriage of persons neither of whom be'ong to the Church. 13\. That whereas up to a recent period no mar riages of Disseuters in England were legal unless celebrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Established Church, and whereas at the present time the majority of Dissenting marriages arc so celebrated in the mother-country, wo are of opinion that no Australasian Clergyman ought to refuse to marry any parties who may apply to him, though they be not members of our communion. Ministering to Dissenters. 14\. That, while wc are relieved from any legal " obligation," " to perform religious services for per sons who are not members of our Church," jret to guard against any misconception, we desire to ex press our readiness to afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, to any who may need or desire them. . Minute.—We deem it inexpedient te express au opinion ou gome points touched upon in chapter vli., as we believe these points must be left, to a certain extent, to the discretion of the Officiating Minister. We feel bound, however, to remark that in section [), letter d, no mention is made of marriages to be' solemnised on certificate from the Registrar's Office; but we cannot suppose that it is in tended by such omission to condemn the »o lemnization of each marriages by Ministers of our Church. We desire also to express the difficulty wo are under of unde:standing what ia meant by the advice of the B ah ips to repel from the Holy Communion persons who have mar ried within the prohibited degrees " until they have repented ami be reformed." Holy Bnptiitm. 15\. That the introduction In* the. Australasian Bishops of the question of Holy Baptism into their "Minutes" was unc died for and injudicious; that the construction put by them upon the "Creed, Ar ticles, und Liturgy," with respect to this subject, would, if imposed, be tantamount to a new article of faith; and that the dogmatical determination of a question which has ever been practically considored an open one, virtually narrows the terms of communion with our Church. Education. 16\. That, whilst desirou' of seeing a school esta blished in connection with every church in this colony, we shall be prepared to regard favourably any system of education in which the Biblo shall bo the basis of the instruction given, Jliisiont. 17\. That we hail with great satisfaction the esta blishment of the Australasian Board of Missions, in connection with our Church, with a view to the con version of the aboriginal inhabitants of Australasia and the Isles of the Western Pacific; and we earnestly hope and pray that such measures may be adopted and carried out by its members as may be crowned with the Divine blessing. JAMES FARRELL, Dean of Adelaide, and Incumbent of Trinity. WILLIAM JOHN VVOOl COCK.Caium of Adelaide, and Incumbent of Christchurch. THEODORE PERCIVAL WILSON, Canon of Adelaide, and In cumbent of St John's. W. H. COOMBS, Incumbent of St George's, Gawler. JOHN CHARLES BAGSHAW, In , ■ ' cumbent of St Mark's, Pen wortham. ARTHUR B. BURNETT, Presbyter. Incumbent ol St Stephen's, Willunga. JOHN WATSON, Incumbent of 9t Matthew's, Kensington. JOHN W. SCHOALES, A.B., T.C.D., Officiating Minister, Macgill JOHN FULFORD, Deacon, Incumbent of St Mary's, Sturt, and Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill. E. K, MILLER, Deacon, Head Master of Pulteney-street School, and Assistant Minister of Christchurch, North Ade ■ laide. SAML. PERCY RICHD. ALLOM, Second Master St Peter's Collegiate School. "Claremont. February 6, 1851. " My dear Mr Farrell,—1 return for publication the resolutions and opinions arrived at by the clergy on the Minutes of the Conference at Sydney, which on ray return I submitted for their consideration. They appear to me to be characterised by a calm and serious spirit, which, under the circumstances of ex citement lately prevailing, ia peculiarly gratifying. \------ - doftEo Should_ber Gracious Majeatv, as supreme head i Church of England, authorize the Clergy and Laity of the Australasian Diocese to frame their own eoclt* siast.cal polity, subject to her approval; and should it be deemed desirable to depart on any point from the existing constitution of the English Church, I trust that the pattern of other reformed Proteetant and Episcopal Churches will be followed, and the relations of the Bishops, Clergy, and Laity, aa set forth in the Sacriptures, carefully preserved. 1 rcniaui, yours very truly, " Auomstls Anwjum. u iae Very Rev. Dean Farrell," 