THE NOMINATION OF CANDIDATES. Yesterday the nomination of candidates for the Yatala District took: place at the Bird-in-Hand, at the Dry Greek. Shortly after 12 oTclock Mr. Moorhouse, the Returning Officer, appeared on the temporary platform erected on the north tilde of the inn, in the stable-yard, accom panied by the candidates And their friends. Mr. Moorhouse having read the writ authorizing the election, 'and bespeaking a fair and candid hearing for the candidates and their res | pecttve supporters, called upon any one who might have a candidate to propose to come forward. ; .' Mr Kihill rose to propose Mr. Giles, and in doing so, said that he. begged to propose Mr. Giles as a fit and proper person to be their repre sentative in the House of Assembly. He would propose Mr. Giles .as the prudent man, as the man from whose character for integrity, husi- I ness habits, and good temper, they might, with some show of safety toi themselves, surrender the powerful weapon which the law had given , them for their defence, and for their political advancement, and there ' was not a doubt of its being effectual for that purpose, if used with skill ! and wisdom. Farmers and brother electors, said Mr Kihill, I feet the more confidence in nominating our old and respected_fellow-colonist, in. having the honour of submitting his claims to your favourable consider ation, because in addition to an unsullied reputation, he presents us with ! good security that he will not, when turned with legislative authority, j make our interests' subservient to that of the squatter. No, brother electors, he cannot do this, for his own and that of the South Australian. Company are identical, and inseparably entwined withours. Their broad 1 andfcrtile agricultural land is the principal source from which they de-i rive their revenue. Kuiu the farmer, and 31r. Giles is ruined. Here is a grand qualification, and one deserving your most earnest attention, for * we know that where a man's treasure is, there will his heart be also; and no argument, however plausible or cunningly devised, should per suade us to the contrary. The interests of the squatter are in his flocks, and herds, in his extensive pastures and conditional runs. From these j sources he derives Ins revenue, and why should not his heart also be where his treasure is ? aud no argument, however subtle, should induce us to think otherwise. For wheu a man says that he will obtain for us the ballot, * Distillation Act, an extension of the suffrage-trhenlie says that he wffl oppose a pre-emptive right for the squatter-I tell yon, brother farmers, that when a man says he will perform these promises, we ought to have some test of the honesty of his principles, drawn from his previous life aud conduct; and such a test is more valuable, and ought to have more weight with the elector* and farmers of Yatala, than promises , couched in thcsmoothestwords,or plausible testimony,hastiiyadvanced(by , ail opposing interestjat a moment of such vital importance to the fanners. Let us prove the sincerity of our candidate's political creed by applying the test drawn from his previous life and conduct; aud in so doing I will not allude to anything that is not genuine. Mr. Giles advauccs as one reason why he should stand high in our estimation, that he irjll have no pre-emptive right granted to the squatter. If we look back upon Mr. Giles's past life (aud he has been for many years known to us all) we may say that he is the man whose word we might take ; but we have something better as security against the infliction upon the farmer of an enorinous wrong; he is the laudlord of 400 tenants, the great majority . of whom are farmers, therefore the amount of his rent-roll must depend upou the prosperity of the agricultural interest. Now? Farmers of Yatala-Mark-If you commit the outrageous impolicy of rigging out in official pumps and state robes a man who can give yoii no better security for the psrforuianee or' his promise ^with reference to that Squatters League), you will have placed yourselves in the position of an oppressed aud wronged suitpriuthe hauls of, perhaps, a dishonest trustee, whom your own folly has enabled to battie us and keep us out* of our rights, and that with our own money. Again, Mr. Giles tells us that he will have the Distillation Aet repealed; he must be at enmity with a law which presses so heavily on the men who support him; he must be at enmity with a law concocted as a boon for the -squatter, for it reduced the overlaboured farmer to beggary, and by deterring in tending agriculturists, left him in secure iiossession of the public lands. Mr. Giles will not thruw dust-in our eyes by any half measures (which, by-tlie-byc, seem to be so much admired by some). A modification of the Squatters Distillation Act might enricli the vine-grower, but still leave the fanner sunk in poverty and ruin- aye, and compel him to be queath to his children, with a terrible aggravation, that from which he drew his own miserable pittance. Brother Electors-Our candidate, Mr. Oilers, says lie will struggle to obtain for us an extension of the fran chise; let us apply the test to his sincerity; did he at any time perpe trate, by any trick or stratagem, a monstrous informality, by which the' electors of any hundred might be disfranchised ? No! he did not Did he on any recent occasion disfranchise 230 electors, by taking advanfcige, with alacrity and inflamed passion, of a slight informality? Xo! Brethren! he did not. He his come by a straightforward road to enlist wider the banner which has been planted iu the soil of Sonth Australia; and his past life lias proved that he will light until it is unfurled over the head of every mau of sane mind and untainted with crime. Such is the character of the man whom I liave the honour of proposing to-day as a fit and proper person to be Yatala's representative in the House of Assembly. Mr. Walter Dufficld then rose to socoud the nomination of Mr. Giles as a candidate, aud in doing so, said that the electors he was sure were fully aware of the importance of the occasion on which they had been called together. It behoved them therefore to weigh well tile merits of the respective candidates for their suffrages oil tills occasion. Now, first, as to their public characters, Mr. Giles had been long knoiVTi to the people of South Australia as a public man. On almost every occasion iu which their interests were concerned he had came forward as a supporter of popular rights, aud of institutions beneficial to the colonists. (Cheers.) But when was Mr. Austey known to come forward in the same light'? The only occasion on which Mr. Austey had made any public show, that he recollected, was at a meeting of the squatters, at the Exchange. Mr. Anstey-4 never was at any meeting of sqnatters at the Ex change. Mr. W. Dufficld coutiuued-Well, then, if it was not at the Excliange, it must b.ive been at the Freemasons* Tavern, at which he had signed a memorial in favour of the squatters against the farmers. They would not fiul Mr. Giles tikiug such a part against the farmer; he had no squatters interest. (Cheers.) Who then, he would ask, under such circumstances, was the true friend of the farmers ? (Cheers.) Another very important point on which there was a material difference between the two candidates was the Voluutary principle. They would all re member what liad been the consequence of the introduction of that principle. Before it came into play all sects were united; the Wes leyan, Baptist, aud Independent, and Churchman, all prayed and preached in each other's pulpits-(cheers)-but since its introduction there had been nothing but heart-burnings aud discord. When this colony was founded a solemn pledge was given by the Home Govern ment that the freedom of religious liberty should be fully secured, aud left untouched-(cheers)-and lie was sure the electors of Yatala would not allow Any Government; they would defy them to break or infringe on tills solemn pledge-(cheers)-and above all, they would not allow any one imported from Van Diemen's Land to take their rights from them. (Cheers, aud marks of disapprobation.) He would maintain fearlessly that of the various deuominations and sects here, there were three supported by the Voluntary principle to one on t&e; non Voluntary principle. (Cheers; cries of "No, no.") A Voice-Name them if you can. Mr. Duffield, without uoticing the remark, proceeded to say that, of all people, the members of the Established Church ought to be in favour of the Voluntary principle, since they owed in this colony so muuh to it. By what principle, lie would ask, were the first missionaries sent ont here but by the Voluntary principle-by the voluntary subscriptions of pious individuals in England ? The next instance they had was that of the establishment of a Protestant bishopric. It was owing to the liberality of a lady in London, Miss Burdctt Coutts, who had from her own private purse furnished the funds wliich served as an endowment for the Protestant Bishop here-an endowmeut which he supposed was to last to the end of the world. (Cheers.) Again, to what were the members of the Established Church indebted for their splendid Col legiate School, which he believed was to cost from £5,000 to £6,000, but to the voluntary subscriptions of private individuals'? (Cheers.) He thought then that the Churchmen ought to be the last to complain of the inefficiency of the Voluntary principles. But to refer again to Mr. Giles:-He had always been the friend of the farmers. When the agricultural interest was in so low a position that wheat was selling at the ruinous price of 2s. per bushel, who was it that offered to take, aud did take, his rents outitfn it at 4s. per bushel ?-Why, it was Mr. Giles (cheers)-and what was more, he did not keep it in the colony,- but in order to relieve the colonial market sent it all to England. (Cheers.) . . ' A Voice-Yes, he sent it to England to get a better price for it, and make a good profit out of it. Mr. Duffield continued-But what was Mr. Anstey doing at the same time ?-Why he was a member and director of an Auction Company in Adelaide, of which Mr. Baker was Chairman-a Company who were lending their.raoney oat at an enormons rate of interest-from 30 to 35 per cent. Was that, he would ask, being the friend of the fanners, lending money at a rate of interest that ruined many, and robbed most' of them of their homes and their land? (Cheers.) But Mr. Anstey, had given as a reason why they should choose him as their representa tive, that he had a large property at stake in the colony at Higher combe. Now, he would quote the words of a friend and supporter of Mr. Anstey on this point; it was the-opinion of Mr. Baker, given at a meeting, he believed, of the Agricultural Society* Mr. Baker had said " That Mr. Anstey"s living was in his ^heep, and that Higher combe, .was only the pony on which he rode to look after them. (Cheers.) Mr Baker then rose, and requested Mr Dufheld to repeat the words Again, which he having done, Mr Baker distinctly denied haviug ever made use of any. such lan guage in reference to Mr Anstey. . ? Mr. Dufficld said he could prove his assertion, but this was neither the time nor place. He then went cn to speak of the charges that had been 'made against, him by Mr. Anstey, - of bribery, misrepresentation^ and undue influence-all which charges, however, Mr. Anstey had, he was llAppy to "say, retracted at a public meeting. ? Str Anstey here rose, and said it was an atrocious falsehood ; he. liad never at any public meeting retracted .any charges which he had' made against Mr. Duffield. , > Mr Duffield saidthat at a. meeting at Gumeracka he had asked Mr. Anstey to prove these charges, .when he had said that though it was jrell known.that he {Mr D.) had done such things, yet that he had done them .so slyly, and had whispered his. influences so cunningly into the ears of the electors, that it. was difficult to prove them against him. There remained, then, nothing of tUu nature of evidence against him (Mil D.), but the letter of Mr Thomas Gile.%-fl. letter, the spirit of which he totally denied, though' lie admitted that he had had some conversation with Mr. Giles of the nature referred to in that letter. He would .now : conclude by hoping that the electors would show their love of freedom and the ^ohmtary principle, by electing Mr. .Giles. (Cheers.) Mr. Abraliam.Sbatuion then rose to nominate Mr. AnBtey, He would not attempt to follow the preceding speakers through all their remarks, : for he had lost his pencil, and could not take notes-(cheers and laugh . tor)-bu tone thing had been said by the proposer of Mr Giles which he , mnst notice. ' He had Said that they were to decide where a man's heart was by finding out where his treasitre'was. Now, if this criterion were ! to be applied to Mr. Giles, he thought that his treasure, or his interest, ' which in this instance was the same tiling, woald be foiled in the South Australian Company's monopoly. (Cheers, amidst much interruption ' from Mr. Giles's supporters.) . ; ' Mr.? Moorhouse hoped they would, give all parties a fair hearing. ; Again, it had been said that Mr. Anstey had never shown himself-the ; friend of the people or of the farmer. Now, it was well known that < Mr. Anstey was -the first man to raise his voice against the abominable 'provisions of jiie Koad Act that bore so hardoipon the farmers; arid !be firmly believed that if his suggestions had. been attended to they would lia- ve had a Koad Act thai.-would have worked fairly for all parties; and they»ould not have had.-tfae heart-burnings -and squabbles they had had, nor the roads in the frightful state they were in at present. Now, what was Mr. Giles .doing during this time?-why, tie was aoting as a Commissioner iof the Central. Board, and "insisting on the ?provisions of .the- Act being carried- onL : A scene of much-uproar, and interruption from Mr. Giles's friends, here ensued;-and, order being partially restored, : - Mr. Moorhouse again appealed iothem far afair hearing, and : -M<*. Giles, himself hoped- that his friendswould not by their conduct dist'CAtmhis cause, butgiveall parties.* lair hearing. . , 1 ' ;Mr. 8h»nnon then-referred ito the League and their doings, and isaid lie had no (Ejection to the Iaeagne if they had «nly acted fairly ; but he. .maintained that they had; not done so. They liad attempted-andhe waa- afr*fai,ln, -many instances, too successfully, to.&ightentha; electors religious insttt^nk tii^ ^rc^ia iSL-cemlmy.;fiie large majority--: have -roted-for it." - ^Cbror^ -aTid^tjrifis^ofno^*]^ow,*^Hr; Atvstey^hid ?iiyjAfp^ no^ ieanpluitic&Uy; .on- -several. occasions would jraly press the Gradt ir the " people . were willing fcrecmve hear)r-r-and -would never -think- of---attempting-to carryi.it against the wishes of -the,, people. (Heafc.) " - Again, it had beensaidthat the Voluntary principle b]ul succeeds^. . phatii^y^deni^that it had succeeded^ mthe^nntxy^s^cb to giveup Tetirej jthiough shear rstarvatmn. {Much interruption again occurred, which was, after some ftmc,.qi4eted by the appeal of the Btetunilng Officer.1) If something were notdonemthe country districts, the stateof morals #onld become still n&re; \--iri^htfal than it wn£ at present; the consequence would be that respectable emigrants would not come amongst thejn ^ fpr fear of. c^tamina&on; ^to thejf families. He knEw many instances in which respectable emigrants Tfho had dome' Here .and gone into the bush, had written tiofche lamenting in'strong tfrma {be want of f religious instruction and thfricousequent depravity of morals; jmfl .f3mfrfonmg-ihftir in; England from coining out Here. (Cheers.),He would ask them, was it liberal or Christian- like to refuse" to assist thbse-irbobould notassist themselves? (Cheers.) ; i A Voice-Yes, we will assist tUexn bf vbtuntaiy subscriptions. '' , AEr* .Shannon-3Tou, ?rill assist those of your own persuasion, who «do not, perhaps, want it,, but, not others. > Up maintained that a thing, of such public importance, iromits bearing on'pntfftc morals, ongtitnot to bb left to the whim or caprice of private lndividlu^<jout ^1undeWal:en by Government, which was bound tot-watch over the state of public morals. He concluded, by. saying that Mr* Anstey had shown himself the frienfa of the farmer, by advocating the Distillation Act, and .by his opposition to the Impounding Act, whilst hejciaimed no pre-emptive "right for the squatters. '<*-.' '. i; . Wm. Williams, Esq., of Walkerville, .seconded Jtr- Anstey's nomina tion, and in doing 80 said he was not going to make a speech,. bui» it would be an eternal disgrace to the electors of Tatala if they preferred ft-man who was not a resident of their district,: and was the rejected of another district, to a man who had been so long resident amongst them, who had never been known to have broken his faith with any man, and who knew all their interests- because his interests were identical with theirs. {Cheers.) ? * . Mr. Chamberlain here rose to make some remarks, when Mr. Moorhouse said that unless he were going to propose another candidate, he could not allow him to speak; that he might say anything he pleased after the show of hands. !l ' . Mr. 'Chamberlain claimed a right, after the usage of elections in England, to be heard before the show of hands. (Much uproar.) Mr. Baker wished to reply to some remarks that had been made, and which reply, he thought, would Jjpve a £reat influence on the show of hands. * (Uproar.) cMr,' Moorliouse thought he could not permit it. ; Mr. Giles thought it jvould be inconvcniqnt, as well as irregular, to allow persons to speak before the show of hands. (Cheers.) Mr. Pearoe claimed a right to ask questions a& an Mector. Mr. Moorhouse, however, denied the right until after the show of hands. Mr. Giles was of the same opinion. . It had not, he thought, been done at any other nomination. I Mr. Pearce contended that it hai-at the nomination for East j Adelaide. : The Returning Officer, however, thought differently, and called on. ! Mr. Giles, who rose amid loud cheers from his .own supporters, and ! said they were met to exercise the noblest'rights of Britons (cheers) ! - but be feared from what he had seen, there were some men not dis posed to exercise that right in the proper spirit. He then stated that though he had received no formally signed .requisition to come -forward j as a candidate, yet lie had been requested to do so by some very respect* | able individuals in the district; and the 'manner in which he had been ' received justified him in coming forward, and in a fair hope that he would be the successful candidate. (Cheers.) The reason he did not I come forward before was, that he had sold all' his freehold land, and his ! property was out at mortgage, and he had to call it in, in order to pur ; chase land, and qualify himself to be a candidate; although there were I at the time four districts calling upon him to come forward^ as being I the fittest man to represent them. | A Voice-Was the Port one of them ? Mr Giles continued-He now came forward as thefriend of the people, and the determined opponent of all priestly tyranny. (Cries of *' Ah, you are all there") Yes, he was opposed to priestcraft of every kind; lie would not, whilst he could raise his voice against it, suffer the priest of any sect-he cared not which it was, whether Church of England, Roman Catholic, Wesleyan, or Independent-to domineer over end dic tate to the consciences of the people. (Cheers and hisses.) He would not suffer his own miulster to do it to him; and if. lie did attempt'it, he , would tell him that he was exceeding his duty, and that he had better mind his own business. (Cheers.) ' But his ministers were wiser than to attempt any .such thing. They knew their people would not put up with such a gross presumption and flagrant assumption of authority. He would^for a moment refer to their late candidate, Mr. Hanson. Had it not been said that he (Mr. Giles) would sell them as Mr. Hanson had i done? He.had heard two stories-one was, tliat Mr. Hanson had given ' & pledge, unqualified by any condition, that he would not accept an oflice | under Government. The other was, that Mr. Hanson had qualified his j pledge by saying that if lie did accept office he would resign his seat. j Mr. Baker-lie uever qualified his pledge. ... j Mr. Giles-If the formci' statement were true, he could not approve of j Mr. Hanson's conduct. If the latter, he did not sec that Mr. Hanson was to blame. However it might be as to Mr. Hanson having sold them, ! one thing was certain, he (Mr. Giles) would hot sell them. j A Voice-That's right, old boy ; blow your own trumpet. j Mr. Giles did not want to blow his own trumpet. He would appeal j to the majority of the electors-to all who had known him for fourteen j years-to the'Officers of' the South Australian Company who had served j under him-to say if they thought it likely he would sell the electors. { He was not sent out to this colony by the Company with any such j objects, but to do justice between the Company and-the colonists;" | which he maintained he had ever doii-i. (Cheers and hisses.) It hnd j been said that he was paid for beiug a Ro;id Commissioner. Now, he i would appeal to Mr. Baker to say if the Commissioners or members ; of the Central Road Board were paid. - j Mr. Baker would say that; they were not. He would -also take the i opportunity of spying that Mr. Hanson had given his pledge not" to ? accept office without any qualification attached to it. (Hear, hear.) ! Mr.Giles- continued-The only time he was ever paid was at Kangaroo j Islaud thirteen years ag", when he was made a Justice of the Peace; » but he had given tin £50 allowed him to assist the churches and chapels \ that were then buiidiug in Adelaide-a little to each. (Cheers.) He J then went on to contend that the enforcement of the : Grant was "a ' violation of the liberty of conscience, aud of the pledge given at the \ foundation of the colony ; and enumerated the various wedges that had been inserted to make way for .a State-endowed Clmrcli, commencing with the first wedge-the appointment of the Colonial Chaplain up through the other two chaplains; to die State. Grant; and the appointment of a Lord Bishop; to be followed, he supposed, unless' the people prevented it, by other wedges in the shape of other Bishops, and Grace a Lord Archbishop -(cheers)-for he saw they were getting their cathedrals ready. It mattered not, he contended, how little or how great was the Grant; the principle was violated as much by £1 as by £1,000. He went on to say that the Grant was not done for, and its re- introduction depended mainly on whether Captain Ellis and Mr. Anstey should be returned. (Hear, hear.) He had been accused of being a tool of the League; now this was absurd, for the League was" a ghost-a shadow-(laughter)-so that, after all, they were going to have for their representative the nominee of a shadow. lie did not pretend to be an eloquent man, nor a talented man; but he had common sense, and in forty words would smash all their eloquence if it. did not come to the point. He then proceeded to state his opinions on the various subjects of the franchise, education, the bailot, Impounding Act, &c;^ which did not vary from his statements at other places which have been already re ported. He referred to the charge against Mr. Austey ou the subject of the right of pre-emptiou, quoting from the report of a speech of his in the Tunes of April 12tli, aud made much the same remarks on it as hii had done at Walkervilie, Gumeracka, and other places. He con cluded by liopiy^th-it thfi meeting would give Mr. Anstey a fair hear ing, and not sun*^ themselves to beprejudieed against him by auy state ments that haSi veen madSj if Mr. Austey could refute them, oi prove them incorreck£3VIr. GilWThen sat down amid loud cheers. Mr. Anstey claimed of-the electors a fair and impartial'hearing, as his only wish was thjit the election should depend upou the force of argu ment, and not*" upon trickery or misrepresentation of any kind. (Cheers.) He need scarcely remark that, having to follow Mr. Giles an I his proposer and seconder through all the extraneous matter they had introduced in their jyieeches, whatever he had to say must be - extemporaniious. lie was particularly grateful to Mr. Giles f«»r begging them not to be prejudiced against him by any statements tliaj might have been .made to his (Mr. Anstey s) disadvantage. He felt the more grateful for it, .since Mr, Giles's proposer had indulged in a tissue of malicious falsehoods against him-(much uproar and cou fuaion)-and not only had they been guilty of such conduct, hut even Mr. Giles himself had followed in their wake, and deliberately in his speech attributed to him (Mr. Anstey) opinions which Mr.-Giles must have knowu that he (Mr. A.) had over and over again emphatically denied in Mr. Giles's own presence and at other meetings, of which full and accurate reports had appeared in the papers, which Mr. Giles must have seen. (Cheers.) He had repeatedly declared in the most solemn manner that he claimed no right of pre- emption for the squatter, but simply that he should be allowed to purchase a moderate quantity of land around his own homestead; or if the voice of the people were against it, then a fair right of compensation for any improvements the squatter might have made. He had not in tended to have entered on any subject but the true business of the day, but so much rubbish had been dragged in and so many mean, unfair, and contemptible assertions had been made against him, that he felt .compelled to notice some of them. For instance, a miserable attempt had been made to prejudice him in the minds of the electors by' referring to him as a stranger and intruder from Van Dieineus Land. It was true he had come from Van DiemenTs Laud, but he was born and bred an Englishman, and he had spent more years in this colony than he had ever speut iu Van Diemen's Land. He thought it no disgrace for a. man to come from Van Dieinan's Land. Mr. Giles here rose to say that he could bear testimony to the res pectability of Mr. Anstey's family, and the excellent character of his father, whom he had known thirty years ago in England. Mr. Anstey was much obliged to Mr. Giles for liis volunteered cha racter; but his father's character was too well known to need his testimony in .favour of it. With what motive but a base one could this allusion to his coming from Van Diemen's Land have been made ? It was uo disgrace, he would say, for a mau to come from Van Diemen's Land, though, there were many here who deserved to be sent-to Van - Piemen's Land for their conduct. (Laughter and cheers.) Again, Mr Dufiield had accused him of having brought false and libellous charges against . him, and with having retracted them at a public meeting. He declared it lo be a falsehood. He had never retracted anything' that he said altout Mr. Duffield; and he at the present moment believed that all he had said of him was perfectly true. But what must they think of the veracity of the man, or of the brazen imperturbability of his countenance, who in the face .of the men of Yatala, and in the face of his own letter to Mr. Thomas Giles, in wliich he admitted 1 laving out of spite used all his influence to procure votes for Hanson against him (Mr. Anstey), £ould .stand forward and say that he had never solicited, even legitimately, a single vote ? . (Hear, and cheers.) With Respect to the Auction Com pany, all he could say was that he had been fool enongh some years hack to be persuaded to invest £200 in sucli a Company; but never took any part in tlieir affairs, or knew any more of their doings than that he lost his money. Mr. Giles.had very pompously announced liis political principles, supporting most of them with texts from Scrip ture; he was not going to follow liim in this course, or profane the holy words of that - sacred -volume by dragging them in to support political doctrines. This, however; he would say, that, with the ex ceptiou of those of education and the State Grant, he had beeu first to announce them, and fliat ' Mr. Gilefe, as well, as their .late candidate, Mr. Hanson, had oiflyToUowed in his (Mr. Anste>Js) wake. He was before them in announcing his determination to hare franchise of the mo3t extended kind. .He, .too, had proclaimed his determination to support the vote by ballot; and if he needed anything to confirm him in his views.on that subject, the doings which he had witnessed during. the late elections would to sufficient. He was the first to spe ik -against that monster grievance to the farmer-the Distillation Act; aud what Mr. Giles bad spoken of.as a new discoveiy made by himself-the evils resulting firoru the Impounding'Act-he had two yearsand three months since-denounced as an-abominable grievance; and had by'his urgent representations to the Governor on that subject, as well as on the Road . Ac*, --earned ior himself' at Government House the name of a busy, intermeddling,., troublesome fellow. (Cheers.) And though he hod refused to carry out the provisions of that Act after he found that the Government was dealing In a double manner with him on it, yet that Road Act was still in force, and not withstanding all the abuse that had been heaped on him-respecting it, a rate had been made, and was now being collected in that district under the abominable provisions of that Act. (Cheers.) On all these subjects, then, Mr. Giles could only do as Mr. Hanson had done before him, and say ditto to frh" (Mr. Austey). (Cheers an 1 laughter.) He would not pretend to quote Scripture with Mr. Giles; but be would say what they knew to be true-that he was a man of his word, and he had spoken out his sentiments. If therefore they took hiin, .they would take him with their eyes open.J > He now would touch on the two points on. which he and Mr. .Giles differed. The first of .these was education; and he thought Mr. Giles had shown con siderable elasticity of conscience, much more - than any which lie (Mr. Anstey)could lay claim to-and he must say his opinions were very different from .those of. Ms sect, the Baptists and Independents, in Eng land. Mr. Giles had at first been for having only a purely secular edu tion^ without any admixture' whatever of religion in it; but recently he had brpaght himself to allow that a chapter of the Bible might be read to the children without note or comment. But he would ask any man of sense what good cpuld be hoped from reading , to a voting child out of a book containing bo many difficulties for even matured and educated ' minds, .without any explanatinrt? (Hear, hear,- and cheers v Mr. Giles had said, as well as Mr Hanson before him, that "the c3h$ld nt*W be taught his religion at .his mother^ Jcnee." . Bnt supposing the mother unable'or nnwilling to instructlhe child., was Ethe child to be left to the mercy of the wilds and Mr. Giles ? (Cheers.) He maintained ,tfcat itwould 'pe. as crufcl' to "deny the pkrprit the means of having : assistance to oducate bis chihl religiously, as to make a law thattfte^e : shouldiJeLi^^'ucafidh"at aU. -Oh the subject of the State Grant, ~onk 'would think, to hear Mr. Giles speak,. that he-believed that he'^Mr; ^^l^to.lgdiist IKf^teS^^iVjUifil went Into an-Bble strain of BigmbMhttoatoir^atttoTolcgnfWiftfoa.;rtKiy_}iaii;3iif»^j»qmi-<WtH^> taien on, the sutjject-first, becarisethjB branchiae was'miseiibly $06 iciiitracteAjiiiind' secondly, hecaose ^^ ~^afi^on .liad ^nofc: been fairly and simply putsbefore tiienLbuthad prtVSr np- with~ertraueous matters thaVIiga". nothing tri" flo jiHi it Wn* imaginary «vils that could never hayean; existence inthls^ejliny. There was one; point'to which hecjajmed theirsarioufl . attenttu^-4t was thiB, that hu lie-Seen disposed 4o act A^TOfatis-part totfaijts ilhe - electors, and consulted to a proposal made to himly ji^agentofithe League, he might h&ve; walked over-ihe coarse. They hud 'offiejed fe> allow him togoin .without any opposition if he WotddicodBeiit'to giwS np the State Grant, which they said 4ie might do. withodt.in]i*ry;fe)[hltf; constituency, since he jnightplead'in excuse the result of thelateeflec tions showed thattlie'majority oT the people" was against it. tle jni§ftt then have gone in and Enapprf Ms iiii£er3atthoelector8;^d nothing but the tnost'jilgid.-jeense of hononr <nutf have prevented J him from availing himself .of .the offer of the Leagner^: ,since, had he feonfe-in; He might iav^ tamed round. and voted for. the <3*4nt, and his own finpportera would not have-^nlmbleS'-at falmj'lint- heeb'rfad to see that he -was fiotng tocorrect hisjerrora; whilst the League would have surelVsaid nothing to him, A>r,they would never have tlfe face to complain' of his hreaking his pledge to them, when their no minee, Mr.':Htthsbh/3£MEt broken eirfei?y mortal pledge which he h«(d made to the electors..". ^Cheers and. Isnghtefc) In conclusion, he would ask their sn®)ageS-and it ifas thefirst *iiiie he had asked for a. vote-^ on two grounds. ' First, that,*Jie was* the best exponenkof the ]truly Lir beral principle^-since he woald give'education^ and. aid 'for religion to those who were willing to accept it,andtfohld toot force it bn'those who were unwilling; whilst his opponent,Trent chthe40g-.in-th&«lahger. principle of not taking it himself and allowing no one else-'h^jtever' muchthey might desire it, to have it. . j - ^. Heremnch interruption ensued; . when Mr. Anstey hoped 'that the gentleman l electors frorn.-the Port,, but who were no - electors of that district, and whi> had so often interrupted him, would . behavB themselves. "" -, \ . Mr. Anstey then continncd-The second ground on' which he would' ask them to retumhim instead of Air. Giles was, that Mr Giles came forward as the tool and mouthpiece of those, .very men whose late no minee, Mr. Hanson, .had broken every pledge that he had made to the electors. And if Mr. Giles were twice as gdod a m«i as he was, they ought, as men," as members of society, as fathers of families, to inai"k l>y the rejection of Mr. Giles their reprobation of the conduct of any man .who ventured to break faith en public, matters,: as ^the late nominee of the League had done;'for Mr. Giles was put forward by the same parly, with the same pledges, and without the/slightest apology for the.conduct:of their late nominee:'as though 'there was nothing wrong in his conduct, and as if the -electors, of Yatala] were supposed to be capable of any degree of gullibility, and. of. enduring any amount of "insult. Mr. Anstey sat down amidload cheers. The Beturning Officer then wished to have the show of: hands; 'but after much dispute consented to allow Mr. Pearce to ask Mr. Giles a question. Mr. Pearce then asked if Mr. Giles would support a. petition.from' that district for opening up the North Arm ? Mr. Giles really had not thought sufficiently on the subject to know whether such a thing would be advisable; and could, not say what he j would do, unless he knew some of the circumstances; but.if he could not support it, then he would resign -his post: ? He did: not, "however, be lieve that the.interest of the Company and the electors of Yatala would be antagonistic. . ; Mr. Pearce said that was a shuffling answer. (Hear, hear,"from seve ral parts.) Mr. Moorhouse though it was an-answer,--and Mr. Pearce must be satisfied with it. ;/? Mr. Giles said -this man Pearce has been following mc from place to place, wherever I have been, and annoying me with questions. : . Mr. Pearce denied £hat "he had ever been at any meeting biit that of Salisbury on the preceding evening. .. Mr. Umpherstone-Would Mr. Giles have the Government exclude religiods education from the schools "altogether ? Mr. Giles-Oh, no; there might be religious education on the Sab bath, but no State aid for it. Mr. O'Sullivan then wished to ask Mr. Giles a question, when :. Mr. Moorhouse said-No, he was not an elector; he could not speak. Mr. Reynolds then asked how Mr: Anstey c*uld reconcile the asser tion that Mr. Hanson had broken his pledges to the electors with his other assertion that he was not legally elected? Mr. Anstey held that Mr. Hanson was morally and really elected by the majority of the electors, and therefore bound, morally to his pledges. An elector wished to know if Mr. Anstey would support the petition; for opening up the North Arm ? ? t \ Mr. Anstey was ready to say that from all he had seen and .heard | he thought it a pity that so fine a piece of water should not be made available to the colony as a port; but he would not take an unfair advantage to influence the electors' votes against Mr. Giles, since Mr. | Giles was placed in a very awkward position fr >m his conncction with the present Port. He would, therefore, not say at present what he would doi but whenever the snbject came before him would give it due consideration, and be guided in his conduct respecting it by the merits of the case, irrespective of every other consideration. {Loud cheering.) . Mauy other questions were asked ilr. Anstey, both by electors and nou- elcctors-Mr. Anstey remarkihg that it was strange the "Returning Officer did not interfere to prevent questions being put to Iiim by non clectors, as he had. done with Mr. Giles. -Not that he (Mr.-Anstey) wished him-to prevent questions being put to him, since lie was there ready to meet all'corners, and answer'all questions, and hoped his oppo nents would ulibuckle and empty their budget. The rain, Which descended in . torrents diiring the greater portion of the time of the questions being put and answered, prevented our reporter taking theiu down in his notes. The show of hands was declared to be for Mr. Giles by a con siderable majority. ' >? ' Mr. Anstey: demanded a poll ; observing that tUe show of hands wasno criterion, since a large portion of those held up for his op ponent were of non-electors brought up from the Port to swell the show of hands* against him, while not a single elector had held ap his hand- for him (Sir. Anstey). 1 . Mr. Baker then came forward and stated that Mr. Anstey had been accused of'Having baen preseut at a squatters7 meeting at the Free masons' Tavern, wheu a memorial was dr.iwu up injurious to the inte rest of formers; he denied that thenjHvus anything injurious in *hat memorial t<> the farmer; but supposing1 there was, how was it that nei ther Mr. DuiSeld nor Mr. (riles, Jibnself after him did not tell the electors that Mr. Giles was also at that meeting, as a squatter, and not on.lv signed the memorial, but was the person who seconded its adoption at the meeting ? (Cheers.) It was true he had since sold all liis. sheep, or the Company's sheep, and had been suddeuly converted from a farmers enemy to a fanners friend. ? Again, in the Impounding Act. Mr. Giles was formerly one of its strongest dvocates, and was the first man to put up pounds, and to pay. for their- ergctiou and support in tlie Districts of Moorundee and Kanmantoo. (Cheers.) Mr. l'earce denied that he had ever followed Mr. Giles about; but he knew that all the Company's officers and men that could be spared were sent up there to kick up a row, although they were not electors. Three cheers having been given for the Returning Officer , and for Mr. Anstey, the meeting broke up. 