TO THE LORD BISHOP OF TAS- MANIA. JTobarl Town, My 4th, 1851. Mi 7 LORD,— Having received your permission to address to you a vindication of a most unprovoked attack which has been made upon me by the so-called Protestant Association of the Church of England, through advertisement in the Slobart Town Advertiser of the 1st instant, I beg leave to do so thus publicly, from the discredit which has been sought to be cast upon mo in the eyes of my fellow Churchmen generally. You may well believe, my Lord, that it is not willingly that I come forward, on the present occasion, thus publicly, and much less willingly do 1 avail myself of the medium which I now use: but the method of attack leaves inc no option; aud as my opponents have sought to injure me by publishing in a newspaper statements of the gravest character in reference to my office as one of your Lordship's Clergy, I cau ouly implore the indulgence of all, whilst I attempt to answer these imputations through the same vchiclc in which the wrong lias been done. If the book to which allusion has been made were extensively known in this Diocese, I might safely leave the subject unanswered, as I feel convinced that those who are even moderately acquainted with its contents would take the character which has been given of it, in the statement prefixed to this letter, as a glaring perversion of facts j or if I regarded those only among whom I have myself ministered, I should have no fear but that the character given of this book would be passed over unnoticed, from their assurance, that it was altogether alien from the teaching which I have uniformly inculcated, both in public and in private. Or again, were I concerned with those only who have made this book that which it was intended to be, namely, a manual of private devotions, then, likewise, I should deem any notice of the attack superfluous, as such persons, I nrn sure, would only wonder how even the most prejudiced could deliberately have put forth such a description of a work which those who have used it would agree in esteeming with the deepest affection, upon the simple ground of its being in such complete harmony with the Holy Ordinance with which it is concerned. But I feel called upon to come forward in this public manner for the sake of those -who 1 believe would notwillingly think evil of others, much less of those wW ire sent forth to minister among them, but -who, nevertheless, have only reports and rumours, and surmises by which to form their judgment, and who cannot but feel perplexed by statements which, as I shall show, have heen put forth in the tope of creating a sensation by their unblushing effrontery. And further, I deem it a sacred duty to endeavour to expose the spirit which is apparently actuating those who are so industriously sowing discord among us, and who are employing every engine to bring into disrepute those whose only fault seems to be their desire to be found true witnesses of the doctrines contained in our Book of Common Prayer. Now I trust to be able to show, that tbe statements which appeared in Hobarl Town Advertiser, of the 1st instant, contains a gross perversion of the devotional practices recommended in the " Steps to the Altaraud, secondly that not one of the passages upon which objections to the work have been founded may not be borne out by the literal statements in the Prayer-book itself, as well as by the received expositors of our formularies. It will then remain a matter of very serious consideration for all to determine, whether they will take the expositions of the Prayer book from those who have been ever esteemed its most faithful witnesses,and whose saintly lives have been the most convincing evidence of the grace which they derived through tbe Church in which they lived, aud taught and died ;—or whether they are prepared, instead, to abide by the judgments of au anonymous body calling itself the "Church of England l'rotestant Association." All that I feel called upon to do is, to clear myself from the imputation of any disloyalty to the Cliurch of Hugland ; secondly, to demonstrate, by the book itself, that the allegations brought against the devotional practices recommended are nothing else but slander; and, lastly, to show that nothing has been advanced in the hook which I distributed at the confirmation but that which the Church of England has ever taught her children to hold. That this will satisfy those who are content to have no more definite crccd than Protestantism I cannot expect, But niy concern at present is not with such, but with those only who are content to believe what the church of England teaches without wis'iing to add thereto or tj diminish therefrom. As the title " Steps to the Altar" would not convey any very clear idea of the nature of this work to persons unacquainted with it, I will just cxtract from the notice prefixed to the devotions, the account given of this manual by the author, W. E. Scudamorc, M.A., Rector of Ditchingham :— " It may he n satisfaction to those who " use this little book to know, that, as far " as the matter of the prayers is concerned, " they are strictly nothing more than a "compilation from the writings of men " eminent for holiness and learning. But, "while using the thoughts of others, the " the complier has generally either varied, " or quite changed, the language in which " they were clothed, the bettor (as he con- "conceived) to adapt I hem to his purpose. " His object was to furnish a manual, which "from simplicity of language, mighthe nse- " ful to a larger class than can profit by the "excellent preparatory ollices in common " use. " 1 he w rks of Bishops An 'rcwes, Cosin, " Ken, and Wilson may he mentioned as "chief sources from which matter has been "drawn. Great use has heen made of " Lake's Oflicium Encharisticum, ami a " little has been derived from more ancient "stores of dcyotion. " Regard to simplicity has also been lind " in the selection of the didactic pieces in " Appendix 2 ; but as tlicy may, with ail- " vnntage, be made the subject of much " thought and study, it was not considered " so essential there as in the devotional part " of the volume. "Several of these pieces have been " borrowed from other compilations." I will now proceed to take the allegations which have been made against this book seriatim, as they appear in the statement. It is affirmed, that this " book inculcates Auricular Confession "to be made to a Priest." Why, I would ask, was the word "auricular" employed ? Was it to confound confession as rccomuiended by the book, witli the Romish tenet? Or was it intended to make persons think that there is no distinction between the practice which, uuder particular circumstances, is reromended in this bouk, and that which the llomanists have adopted ? Ami yet. how clearly is the distinction laid down in the xxxii. Homily, pt. 2, in the sermon on llepcntanco.— " I do not say but that if any do find " themselves troubled in conscience, they " repair to their learned Curate or Pastor, " or to some oilier godly k-ni ned mall, mid "show the trouble or doubt of their con- " scicncc to them, that they may receive at "theirhand tlie comfortable salve of God's " Word; hilt it is against the tine Christian " liberty thnt any man should be bound to " the numbering of his sins as it hath heen " used heretofore in the time of blindness " and ignorance." And that the confession recommended in the " Steps to the Altar" is that only sort which is allowed and reconiended by the Homily will, 1 should think, be plain if I quote the words:— " Besides this examination of your conscience, which may be done ill secret bc- " tween God and your own soul, there is "great use of holy confession: which though " it be not generally in all cases, and perernp- "tnrUy commanded, OS if wit/lout it no salva- " Hon could possibly be had ; yet yon are " advised by the Church uuder whose dis- " cipliue you live, that before you receive " the Holy Sacrament, or when your ore " visited wi h any dangerous sickness, if " you find any one particular sin or more " that lies heavy upon you, to disburden " yourself of if into the bosom of your " confessor." Is there any thing in this recommend- ation which is not borne out in the Homily? And is it fair or honest to seek to confound by the use of the term "auricular" the pratice here recommended with the Romish doctrine upon this subject ? Hut do members of the Church of England require to be reminded that confession under particular circumstances is recommended by the discipline of the Church under -which they live? Alas! does this part of the invitation to the Holy Commuuion fall as listlessly upon the ears of our congregations as those other parts which declare the dignity of that Holy Sacrament, but to which so very many most unthankfully refuse to come ? Or are we to suppose that any of our people are so unacquainted with our services as to have forgotten the Jtubric in tbe Visitation of the Sick which directs—" that the sick person " be moved to make a special confession "of his sins, if he feel his conscience ' troubled with any weighty matter." Let us next inquire how these directions in the Prayer-book have heretofore been understood. Thus speaks Archbishop Sharp, in hia sermon on the Popish and l'rotestant doctrine concerning Confession, explained and compared. I extract the passage from Brogden's Illustrations of the Liturgy, premising that Sharp wan Archbishop of York and lived in the latter part of the seventeenth century. " No l'rotestant (that understands his " religion) is against private confession ; on " the contrary, nil the best writers of the " Protestants, nay, all the public confessions II of the Protestants, which give an account " of their faith, are mightily for it, and do " seriously recommcnd it. Mr. Calvin " hath fully expressed their sense as to this " point: - 'Let every faithful Christian (says " fie) remember, that when he is burdened " with the sense of liis sins that be cannot " case himself without the help of other?, " it is then his duty not to neglect that " remedy which the Lord hath prescribed to " him, viz.: —that for the casing of himself " lie resort to private confession with his " pastor; and that fov the paining comfort " to himself, lie fetch 'n (he assistance of " him whose office it is, both privatelv and " publicly, to comfort the people of " God by (lie doctrine of (he fiospi 1. Jhit " yet this moderation is always to be used, " that where God hath not laid impositions, " we should not lay impositions on our con- " sciences. Hence it follows that (his " private confession ought to lie free, and " should not he required of all, but only " recommended to those who find they " have need of it." Tims fur Mr. Calvin ; and " in the same place where lie doth thus " recommend private confessions, dclli iie " also speak great tilings of the benefits of " private absolution, in order to the easing " and comforting afflicted consciences." To the same purpose Bishop Jeremy Taylor in his Dissuasive from Popery, vol. xi. p. 10— " When St. James exhorts all Christians " to confess their sins one to another, " certainly it is more agreeable to all " spiritual ends that this be done to the " curate of souls, than to the ordinary " brethren. The Church of England is 110 " way engaged against if, but advises, and " practises it." And again, the same author on Repentance, vol. xi. p. 250— " Hut now, although this cannot be a " necessary duty for (he reasons before " reckoned—yet confession to a priest, tbe " minister of pardon and reconciliation, tlio " curate of souls and (he guide of conscicn- " CPS, is of so great use and benefit to all " that arc heavy laden with their sins, that " (hat (hev who carelessly and causelessly " neglect it are neither lovers of the peace " of consciences, nor are careful for the " advantages of their souls." Ill Maul's edifion of the Rook of Common Prayer, there is this extract from Dean Comber on the Visitation of the Sick— " (lie priest must advise the sick mail to " confess those fins which do most (rouble " his conscience. To confess our sills to a " priest even in hea'lh is a pious and ancient " custom, and not only a sign of repentance, " but the best means of obtaining pardon, " and fur amending our lives, aud (though " greatly abused by Tapisls) i;; but (on much " neglected by I'rotc slants. Rutin sickness " it may be still more useful to confess to " the ciders uf the church, whom we have " sent for. For if (hey be clearly told the " ease, they can belter apply proper " spiritual remedies, and will prav more " heartily for us, and may on better accounts " absolve us." Again, in the Paroehinlia of Wilson, the well-known Bishop of Sudor and Man, Archbishop Usher is quoted to this effect, in his answer to the ' Jesuit'— " No kind of confession, either public or "private, is disallowed by our Cbuivli that " is in any way requisite fov the due " execution of ilie ancient power of the " keys Which Christ bestowed on (lie " Church." And concerning absolution, Bishop Andrewos, as quoted by the same authority, lias these words— " It is no! said by Christ, whose sins ve " wish and pray for, or declare to be re- " milled, but tchose sins j.r remit, — to which " He addcth n promise, thai He will make " it good, and that His power shall accom- " pain- the power He has given (hem, and " (he lawful execution of it in His Church, " for ever." And Bishop Wilson adds his own judgment, by sayins— " In short, our Lord having purchased " (he forgiveness of sins fur nil mankind, He hath committed the ministry of "reconciliation tons; that having brought " men to repentance, we may, in Christ's " name, and in the person of Christ, " pronounce their pardon." — Quotinc 2 Cor. II, 10. In later times T might quote Bishop Jebb, who on St. John xx. 23,—I.o.' J am with you alvay, even to the end of' the teorld, remarks— " A promise not occasional or temporal v, " like that of miraculous powers, but coii- " veying an assurance that Un-ist will, in " spirit nnd in power, be continually present " with His Catholic and Apostolical Church: " with the Bishops of that Church who " derive from the Apostles by uninterrup- " ted succession ; and with those inferior " but essential orders of the t hurch which " are constituted by the same authority, " aud dedicated to the same service."— J ebb's l'rac. Theol. Disc. vii. vol. 1. p. 122. But I do not knuw how I cau give a elearer view of this matter than in the well-weighed words of one of my reverend brethren in this Dioccsc, Dr. Fry, who says, in his work entitled— The Scriptural Evidence of the Apostolic Ministry and Tradition, printed at Iloluu't Town— " The Commission to pronounce Absolu* " tion to the confessing and penitent was " esteemed a very high and nnd " sacred privilege of the Church in its " primitive ages. 'Ilie body of believers " confided more in the judgment of the 1 4 Ministers uf Christ, respecting their " spiritual condition, than in their own estimation of themselves ; they esteemed " the ministers of Christ, who had His '' commission to expound the laws and " teach Ills faith of the Gospel, their best "guide in the Christian life; and they " found in their minister's approval of their " confession, and faith, and penitence, a " good security for the Hivinoacceptance. " If in their own consciences they knew " tlint they were sincere in the confession " of their faith and of their sins, and in " their devout exercises of penitence, it " was a strong consolation, full of spiritual "joy and hope, to receive the absolution of " tbe Lord's minister, pronounced in tbe " belief of the penitent's sincerity." Thus, then, wo, have seen that the " Steps to the Altar" nowhere recommends that particular form of confession which is styled " Auricular," but that only form which the great names I have quoted above with <me voice declare that the Church of England, under particular circumstances, both sanctions and recommends. But in the statement put forth by the Church of England Protestant Association, a quotation has been made from the " fitcps to the Altar," as being peculiarly offensive; the words heing printed in italics, between inverted commas. 1 allude to the recommendation that the eonfi'ssldii should be viatic in an humble posture on the luces. I should have thought that had the whole passage been quoted, every one might have seen the meaning: for after the words quoted, it is added, " ns heing made to God rather than man." The meaning, I should have thought, was too plain to he misunderstood. Is it nut plain, that, supposing the particular case of an overburdened conscience— supposing the case of one who, conscienee- strielicn, hnfnlres liimgolf to ono of God's ministers, and who desires to find pcaeeinth.it way which the Church ha9, as we have seen, so abundantly sanctioned,—under such circumstances to whom is the penitent directed toopcu his grief—from whom is he to expect release and comfort—for what cud does he resort to the minister at all, hut because he desires by faith to esteem him a " -Minister of Christ, and a " steward of the mysteries of God ?" And in what posture would such a one as we have supposed, desire naturally to uiihurdou himself: considering that, throughout, the object of the whole passage is to remind the broken-hearted penitent, that if he is moved to make a special confession of his sins, he enters into the piesence of God, and (hat the minister is morel)- the appointed steward of G oil's mysteries'! llow would lie avail himself of this means of grace, but in that humble posture in which most persons think it becoming to make their confessions at their private devotions, or in the conerecalion ? I. confess that I cannot conceive ill what oilier posture a person who desired thus In humble himself would choose, ii'onlv he came in faith and sincerity. 1 would confidently ask of any broken and contrite heart, in what other pnsture he would wish to receive, at the minister's hand, " the comfortable salve of Grd's word '! l'm:>.Uy, before objections are so ruthlessly urged against the sentiments r,? this hook, 1 would earnestly breech all persons to remember for wh<.:n these directions were intended. Tliov were not intended for those (lint are whole— they have no niml of a physician ; but. for those that nresir-k. It is pari of that merciful dispensation under which (he. Good Shepherd still cnils not the right- eous, but sinners, jo repontaiice. My Lord, ] do not think that I nm called upon, after the quotations which I have given ebovo, to offer auv further explanation of the terms in which Christ's minister is spoken of as a " Trustee from God," or as commissioned by Him ns "Ilis Ministerial deputy to hear, and judge, aud absolve." 1 have endeavoured"" to set forth what is the teaching of the Church ; and surely none of these designations are, upon any fair construction, im-nmpatible with the character with which the Lord's servant is invested at his ordination—ride Ordination Service ; or with the office which the holiest and best of our expositors have declared belongs to hiui. I would ouly observe in conclusion, that the paysagc so nnieh complained of has been extracted from a hook of devotions, called "Guide for the Penitent"—which has been for generations before the public,—which has heen conimonlv bou>.;d up wilh "Taylor's Golden Grove,,'— and which has been by many attributed to that revered author, and eertainlvmay he abundantly borne out by his acknowledged writings. After .ill which has been alleged. I cannot hut feel that I. may leave, the terms in which Christ's minister is described, in the passage so much complained of, to the charitable construction of the thoughtful and the devout. But, my Lord, though I am quite willing to stand by the issue of a com- \ parison of the terms in which Christ's minister is spoken of in the "Guide for the Penitent," and those in which his office is described iu the Prayer-book, aud by Jeremiah Taylor, aud by Comber, and by many others,—yet I cannot pass over, without comment, the most unfair manner iu which passages have been misquoted, and put together evidently with the design of exciting feelings of indignation, notwithstanding the declaration that " the Committee deeply lament theobligation which has devolved upon it of communicating their solemn convictiou," &c.; It is alleged that persons are directed to "trust their souls to the Priest." But let me quote the exact w ords :— " Having made choice of such a confessor, " who is every way qualified that you vncy " trust your soul' wrVA'Iiim, you are advised, " plainly and sincerely, to open your heart " to him." I would just remark, that in the exhortation to attend the Holy Commuuion, persons troubled in conscience are invited to make choice of one, to whom they may resort. The clergyman bids them to come to ltini, or to some other discreet and learned minister. But what is the plain meaning of these words as they stand iu the bouk • " Having made choice of such a confessor, " who is every wav qualified, that you may " trust your soul with him, you are advised, " plainly and sincerely, to open your heart " to him." Thisdircction is evidently given because some, clergymen, from their youth or their inexperience, might not he qualified to be the guides of tin over-burdened conscience. Some, again, from their age or infirmity, might not be able to enter into the aspirations of the penitent. But is this the meaning conveyed by the misquotation of the passage, as it appears in the statement,—where it is said persons are directed to trust their souls to the Priest, as if they committed the keeping of their souls to him ? But however, this may be, after all, a misprint of to for irith—so let it pass. But again, I would mention anotl cr instance, in the very next words, of a singular transportation of terms, by which a different impression is left upon the miud from that which would be suggested by t he words as they stand in the hook itself. It is alleged that persons arc directed to choose for a confessor only such a person as will faithfully keep any sccrct, committed to him. I may remark, that most of these words are principally taken from" The Whole Duty of Mini;" a book numbered 118 on the catalogue of the S.P.C.K. One might have thought that au cxtract from such a work would have been wholly unob- jectionable to us all. But let me quote the whole passage :— " To all this it will perhaps he said, that " this cannot be done without discovering " the nakedness and blemishes of the soul, " and there is shame in that, and therefore ''men are unwilling (o do i(. Hut to that I answer, that it is very unreasonable tliut " it should be a hindrance ; for, first, I siippose, that you arc to choose only such a person as will faithfully keep any secret you shall commit to him ; and so it cau be no public shame (hat you fear." It is painful to note the ingenuity by which it has been sought to create a misapprehension; in the first place, why was the word " confessor" introduced ? Anybody who will look through tho cxtract from the " IVholo Duty of Man," from which the quotation professes to be made, will find that the word " eoufeseor" does not once occur. It has been transposed from another passage and from nnothorwritor, viz., the oft-quoted author of the Guide for tin Penitent. "Was this word inl n •ducedbecauseit wasknown that a great prejudice exists against if in the minds of our people? and is a clergyman's character to be blackened bv help of such artifices? Again, why was not the whole quotation given, in order to explain the reason of choosing such a person as could faithfully keep any secret committed to him? Why was it not added, that this recommendation was given in oTdcr that the person might not he deterred by the public shatnt; which ho might dread would follow upon divulging his sin ? Hut the object was to traduce the book and my teaching, and nothing was al- lowed to he an obstacle to this; but with what fairness 1 have endeavoured to show. Might we not have expected that men professing to maintain the principles of true religion would have had the conscience tu refrain from this species of misrepresentation ? What book could stand such an ordeal? 1 will only say further, that with regard to this injunction of secrecy, as it stauds in the extract from the " Whole Duty of Man," it was evidently recommended in accordance with the directions given in tbe 113th Canon, which says— " That if any liinn confess his secret and " hidden sins to the minister lor the unbur- " dening of his conscience, and to receive " spiritual consolation and case of mind from " him,- we do not any way bind the said " minister by this our constitution, but do " .-frailly charge and admonish hmi thai lie do not any time reveal olid make known " to any person whatsoever any crime or " offcnce so committed to bis trust and se- " cresv, (except they be such crimes as by " the laws of this realm his own life maybe " called in question for concealing the same) " under pain of irregularity." I think,my Lord, that if I have given a faithful account of the teaching concontained in the " Steps to the Altar," concerning confession, absolution, and the oflice of the Priest, uothing will be found therein hut such teaching ou these subjects as the Church of England has authorized me, as her minister, to put forth. I con only appeal again to the book itself for the truth of my representations ; and I do so most fearlessly. And if an impression exists to tbe contrary by what has been put forth by the Church of England Protestant Association, it has arisen by tbe introduction of termsneveronce used or contemplated in the book itself,—or by misquotations or by misrepresentations, of which any person of common honesty would, I should have imagined, been wholly incapable. These, my Lord, are strong charges ; but I trust I sball be deemed justified in making them, from the untruthfulness which I have already exposed, and from the deep injury which has been sought to be inflicted upon me in the eyes of my fellow-churchmen. I proceed to notice another charge which has been brought against me, affecting my chartctcr stjU more gravely. The statement sets forth,— " That this Committee has had positive cvi- " dence that a book named * STEPS TO THL: " ALTAR' was given by the Rev. Mr. Ton- " cicd, in liis capacity as religious instructor " to several young females and others in " this city, previous to the recent confirma- "tion at St. David's Cathedral. Andwhere- " as the said book inculcates auricular con- " fession to be made to a priest' in an hvm- " blc posture on the bices ;' and suggests " for self-examination and confession qaes- " tions of an indecent and disgusting clia- " racier, tending especially to corrupt the " minds of the young, &c.;" Reference is of conrse made in these words to the questions for self- examination appended to the Seventh Commandment. I could have earnestly wished to have, been spared the pain of alluding to subjects which ought surely never to have heen brought forward in the form in which they have heen on the present occasion. I entreat your Lordship to bear with me while I noticc tlcse charges as briefly as the objects which I have in view will allow of. I feel that no part of the charge must so weigh against me, as that which 1 am about to notice. The former statements and those which remain to he noticed, are questions of theology, iu which,perhaps, comparatively few would feel an interest; but in tho present subject every parent, every brother, every relative is interested, and may reasonably demand the most explicit information. Suffer me, then, at some length, toelear myself of charges which, if true, might well form a bar against my entrance into any family, who had a regard to their character. The questions objected to occurred in the devotional exercises recommended to be practised on Fridays, which, as the Manual informs us, " was the day of our Lord's passion, and for that reason has been commanded to be kept as a day of fasting aud humiliation ;" and subsequently it adds, on this day, therefore, you should, with all seriousness, and with earnest prayer for the aid of God's Holy Spirit, try and examine your own habits, tempers, and inclinations." The time of reveiviug the Holy Communion is particlarly recommended for more strict self-examination, and two cases are noticed where persons aredircctedtogoto their parish priest, or to some otherdiscrete and learned minister of God's word. This is recommended for those who arc weighed down by the burden of their sins, or who find a difficulty in guiding themselves ; and such are reminded that whatever means ofgraeewehavearcgivento he used. But with these two exceptions, thcu hole method of scif-cramination is plainly intended for private use. Before the person begins to call his sins to remembrance lie is directed to pray earnestly fov God's grace—" and whenever, as you are cj-iuuininy yourself by the help of gnrslivns, you have reason to hope that you are not guilty of any thing there named, or of any tendaucy to it, (hut beware of self-deceit, and do not decide too easily that you arc pure),you should at unee thank Him, who has so far preserved you. In like manner, whenever your conscience answers guilty, humble yourself at once before Him, against whom you have sinned." The sclf-examimatiou is then carried on throughout each of the Ten Commandments. Each is applied to the circumstances iu which those who use the Manual aru likely to he placed ; and after the self-exam'ination has been carried through the Com. mandments, the person is directed to " confess them to God, and to enlrcat forgiveness for them in the followim.- prayers." ° But agniu ;on turning to the Seventh Commandment, which is entitled on " Purity aud Simplicity of Hctrt and Conduct," the person is retosimeiided, before examining himself on this head'; to say the following Collect for Purity —" Almighty God, before whom ail hearts are open, all desires known, and from whom no secrets are hid: cleanse the thoughts of uiy heart by the inspiration of Thy Htiy Spirit,'that I mav perfectly love thee, and worthily maguffy Thy Holy name, through Jesus Christ our Lord." Four subjects are then suggested for self-examination, two of which eeuccrn keeping the body iu chastity, and two are upon temperance aud soberness. But, before proceeding further, let me quota at length the whole method of self-examination upon the sins forbidden by the seventh Commandment; and in order to give a clear idea of the method by which a person is supposed to examine himself, I will first give the questions which are ranged, for . instance, under the Third Commandment. It is entitled " Reverence due to holy things." ' 1\. Are yon always careful not to use any holy ,iitunc or word in It light, idle >apofl ? Bp yon not, at tunes, read or jiBtcin to sprious subjects 'without due ' roverenea imd *CEpect ? — Hare yoa over used {rod's Holy "Name to serve a bad purpose,,—as to support an untruth ? If so, bow often ? Have you" not -been willing to be thought more religious than you are—to gain the praise of men, &e.; ? Are you fond of talking about your religious feelings ? \- 3. -Have you cursed any 011c in your heart, or with your lips? If so, how often? 4\. Do you endeavour to bear in mind the solemn vow to God which was made in your name when you were baptised, and which you took upon yourself to keep when you were confirmed ? And thus the examination of conscience is carricd on throughout each of the Ten Commandments. Let as now turn to the Seventh Commandment, "Purity and simplicity of heart and conduct." There is, first, this direction given:— " Before yon examine yourself upon this head, it will be well for you to say the following Collect for Purity." Then comes the Collect I have quoted above; after which are these questions— 1\. Have you committed any act of uncleanness ? used any unchaste words ? indulged any impure thoughts and fan- cies ? If so, how often ? 2\. Have you looked at dangerous pictures, or road wicked books? entered into amusements, or gone into company that might give rise to temptation ? How often? 3\. Have you indulged your flesh by eating or drinking more than was necessary ? by laziness and too much sleep ? If so, how often. 4\. Do you make much of your body, dressing gaily and expensively, etc. ? are you vain of your appearance; has this ever led to any greater evil? How often ? I earnestly entreat, that these questions may be compared with questions upon the same subject, taken from good Bishop Ken, which I quote further on; and then let any candid person determine whether they can be fairly termed of an indecent and disgusting character. It is, then, very true, that the four subjects for self-examination do not ignore the Seventh Commandment, but recognize the extreme subtlety of the sin of which it treats. God has thought lit to give us the Seventh Commandment : shall we we presume to dispense with it ? God knows the evil that is in us, which is ever seeking to put itself forth, and in His word He has forbidden it, and under penal ties of the most awful character:—and are we, in a solemn and prayerful examination previous to receiving Holy Communion, to pass over any one sin against which God has issued His commandment? Purely, under the circumstances of our heart, that would not beasafe guide which could give us no help towards gaining a knowledge of a sin which has drawn down the most appalling judgments. Might it not in charity have been supposed, that, from the day on which this self-examination is recommended, and from the prayers for grace to know ourselves, which precede, and from the particular prayer enjoined in reference to this commandment,'—might it not have been supposed that, in the questions suggested, the author of " Steps to the Alter" had only in view the object of Hammond, who in his practical catechism, Book 2, sect. 7, says, in the person of Catcchist,— " J desire to fortify you with all care and " and vigilance against these sins, grounded " in a sense, and hatred, and detestation of " them, as the greatest reproach to your " nature, grievance of the Spirit of God, *' and defamation of Christianity, wherever " thev are to be found ;and as sins of such a nature, that, as they had thefiercest ofGod's '•judgments revealed against them (many "cities&nationsdestroyedfor; them),so,when " they are once in any kind indulged in, " they are apt to break out into all baseness *' and vileness, and are therefore culled by " St Peter 'abominable,,idolatry.'" But those who have accuscd me could see nothing in the book but that which " suggests for self examination and confession, questions of an indeccnt and disgusting character." If any one should not be satisfied with the care taken in introducing these questions, by what has been said above, I would further beg that he would compare them with the description of these sins, as given in Holy Scripture, in Homily xi. part 1, in Taylor's Holy Living, in the section on chastity, or in Bishop Ken's Manual of Devotions. To turn at once to Holy Scripture, and to that part of it comprised in the New Testament.—Let us see in what light the sins forbidden by the Seventh Commandment are there regarded, and bow openly every approach to them is denounced. We begin with our Lord's declaration—"Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou uhalt not commit adultery; but I say unto you, that whosoever looketli on a woman to lust after her, hath committed adultery with her already in his heart." And again—" Out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witnesses, blasphemies,—these are the things which defile a man So in the first Epistle to the Corinthians, chap. 7, we read—"Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the Kingdom of God? Be not deceived ; neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, or abusers of themselves with mankind, nor thieves, nor covetouB, nor drunkards, nor rcvilers, nor extortionate, shall inherit the Kingdom of God." And at v. 15—" Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ ? Shall I then take the members of Christ and make them the members of Ml harlot? God forbid." And at v. 19.—" Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, -which is ill yon, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?" Again, to the Ephesians,—" Fornication and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you as becometh Saints.j neither filthincss, or foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient For this ye know, that no whoremonger, cor unclean pemo, i Dor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the Kingdom of Christ and of God." And in the Epistle to the Galatians—-"The works of the flesh are manifest, which are these, adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatory, witchcraft, hatred of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, tliat they which do such things shall not inherit the Kingdom of God." Lastly, in the Book of Rev. xxi. 8, we read the doom of these sins. "The fearful and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars shall have their part in the lake which burnetii with fire and brimstone, which is the second death." And how does the Church teach us to look upon these sins? Surely the account of the vengeance taken by the Simeon and Levi upon Shechcm, the son of Hamar the Hivitc, Gen. xxxlv, which is appointed to be road as the first lesson at evening prayer on the second Sunday in Lent, very plainly sets forth the Church's teachings on •this point. So, again, the history of Joseph is brought before us in the first lesson at morning prayer on the third Sunday in Lent; surely, for our instruction, that we should learu to flee fornication. Were then the compilers of our services unwilling to guard our congregations against a sin so often denounced, both in the Old and New Testaments ? Did theyshrink from setting fort all the punishments attending it? They acknowledged the sin, and relied upon the grace of God to overcome it. But next, let us inquire, how other Manuals of Devotion have dealt with this subtle sin ? Have the questions regarding it been less explicit than those which occur in the " Steps to the Altar." Let us take some of our most approved authors—Thus in " a Manual Prayers for the use of the scholars of Wiuebeser College, and all other devout Christians," by the revered T. Ken, Bishop of Bath and Wells, published for the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, (21,) we find these questions for self- examination—" Hast tliou been guilty of any uncleanness of the eye, or of the hand, or of the fancy, or any lasciviousness, or lust, orfornication, or adultery ? Or hast thou taken delight in lewd company, or in vicious or unchaste songs, or stories, or expressions ?" Or, again, let us compare the questions given in the " Steps to the Altar" witli whit, we find in the " Holy Living," by Jer. Taylor, in an Article on Chastity. Thus he describes tho actions and proper offices of chastity in general:— 1\. To resist ail unchaste thoughts: at no hand entertaining pleasure in the unfruitful fancies: and more to the same purpose. 3\. To hare a chaste eye and hand; for it is all one with what part of the body wc commit adultery: and if a man lets his eyes loose, and enjoys the lust of that, he is an adulterer. 7\. They that have performed these duties anil parts of chastity will certainly abstain from all exterior actions of uucleanness Those ungodly worshipings of shame and uncleanness, whose birth is in trouble, whose growth is in folly, and whose end is in shame. I might have quoted directions of a much more explicit character; and yet I suppose that there are few parents amongst us who would hesitate to put a work like that of Ken, or the " Holy Living" of Jer. Taylor, into the hand of any young person. But I am to be held up to the scorn of the whole community for putting a book of precisely similar character into the hands of the candidates at the late confirmation. Might not the author of the " Steps to the Altar" plead with the detractors of the book in the noble language of Jer. Taylor—" I have used all the care I could in the following periods, that I might be neither wantiug to assist those who need it, nor yet minister any occasion of fancy or vainer thoughts to those that need them not. If any man will snatch the pure taper from lay hand, and hold it to the devil, he will only burn his own fingers, but shall not rob me of the reward of my care and good intention : since I have taken heed how to express the following duties, and given him caution how to use them." One is almost tempted to ask, do these men who have so virulently assailed me, do they know anything of self-examina- tion ? Can they be in the habit of examining themselves upon the Ninth Commandment, or could they have allowed me to remain so long under the injurious imputations they have cast upon ine ? And would any mother who believes that the Bible is the Word of God, and that His judgments are unchangeable—would she have her child remain without repentance and amendment in respect of sins, which even in their tendency are declared to exclude from the Kingdom of Heaven ? Do wc not all remember Da vid's prayer, " Who can tell how oft he offendeth ? 0, cleanse thou me from my secret faults!" Once more, in my defence, I entreat that every one, before joining in the severe condemnation which has been passed upon this book, would use for himself the method recommended, which I have already described—let him follow out the devotions which precede, and observe the directions given for this head of sclf-exainination, and then let him say whether every effort has not been taken, not indeed to ignore these sins which arc styled our fleshly lusts, which war against the soul, but to enable the communicant so to search and examine himself that h'e may know whether his heart is right in the sight of God. But the Apostle has long ago declared, "To the pure ali things arc pure; but nnto them that arc defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure: but even their mind and conscience is defiled." May God pardon the want of judgment which has made so many take up the " Steps to the Altar," not in that chastened spirit in which itwasintended, 1 but with minds and passions inflamed, and prepared to find nothing but what is repugnant to their best feelings. • But there appears to tne a less pardonable error. What, I would ask, is that which it is intended to be conveyed by what will appear to those who are acquainted with the book, the artificial manner in which the scntcnce bas been constructed ? I know as a fact, that the impression left upon the minds of many in reading the account given by the " Church of England Protestant Association" in the Courier, is, that the questions suggested for self- examination upon the Seventh Commandment have distinct reference to confession to a Priest. It is alleged, " that the book inculcates auricular confession to be made in an humble posture on the knees; and suggests for self-examination and confession, questions of an indeccnt and disgusting character;" and then the statement proceeds to dilate upon the power claimed by the Priest. Would not any one understand that the evil of Auricular Confession is more especially aggravated by baring reference to these particular questions? I'can only refer again to the book itself for an account of the sort of self- examination to which these questions have reference. I can find no ground for the impression sought to he produced. The self-examination recommended is plainly of the soul with God, except in those two particulars mentioned above, of being weighed down by the burden of sins, or of finding a , difficulty in guiding themselves. With ] these two exceptions, the Communicant ' is " to try and examine his habits, tempers, and inclinations solely by the aid j of seriousness and earnest prayer"—in order to do it properly, he must accustom himself to do it at other times: he I ( is retommended to keep an account of the sins of which he becomes daily conscious, that he may have a motive to | humility. And when the examination . 1 is over, he is directed to confess them to God, and to entreat forgiveness of them. My Lord, I would leave it to any one one to read over the self- examination, and then to say whether the notion of confessing the sins sought to bo discovered to the Priest, under o system of Auricular Confession, is not (lie grossest misrepresentation of a plain matter of fact. I openly challenge my accuscrs to produce the grounds upon which they have endeavoured to make persons believe that in the " Steps to the Altar" tlie questions for self- examination are suggested by the priest to the penitent. If this is not the meaning which they wish people to gather from the statement which has been put forth, what is meant by their fear, lest " the abominations of the confessional be introduced into the Church of England ?" Is it altogether in vain to appeal, man by man, to every member who was present " at the full meeting of the Committee of the Association on the 26th June," to come forward and to disavow the slanderous misrepresentation which has been cast upon the nature of the self-examination which is recommended to he pursued in the "Steps to the Altar?" And why has the account of a practice so conformable to the teaching of tAio Church been kept out of sight, and one which is altogether different, put forth in its place ? Why have parts of the book been taken and put together, but with an object which seems most unhappily to have been attained by the excitement which has been caused ? Y»'hy has not the book been left to speak fur itself, but because its traducers knew well that there was nothing in the statements which it contains but such which the Church of Kngland has approved ? No: a certain class of men were to be branded, and it appears to have been thought a matter of indifference by what misstatements or by what trickery this could be effected. Let the charge ha made out, and there arc thousands who arc ready to take it up aud to repeat it without examination; obloquy will thus be cast, and discredit—aud faithfulness to the book of Common Prayer will be demonstrated to be liouiauism—and "all members of the Church who value the evangelical truths of religion will be invited to join tho Association, in adopting efficient measures to preserve themselves and their families from the continuance of false and pernicious teaching, and to prevent the ministry of the Church in this Colony from being exercised by persons imbued with ltomanising principles." And yet, my Lord, I would most earnestly entreat my fellow-Churchmen to pause before committing themselves to men who can act in the manner in which I think it clear that tho "Committee of the Church of England Protestant Association" have actcd on the present occasion. ^ Again, would I entreat, any candid mind to say, what is the impression left upon him after reading the statement upon which I have commented, and then to see whether it has any foundation whatever in the teaching of tho book itself. ; I ^roced to nolice the remaining charges; and, first, it is alleged, that the book " teaches that there is a propi- ' tiatory sacrifice in the Sacrament of tho Lord's Supper." My lord, I had pre- i pared many authorities and statements 1 of our best divines upon this subject, but, on further consideration, I have detemincd not to follow the so-called Church of England Protestant Associa- j tion in discussing so high and so sacred i a subject by an advertisement in a news- > paper. I am quite prepared to adopt' myself, and to defend, any position which has been advanced in the " Steps to the Altar" upon this subject. But, my lord, I am not called upon to lessen the awe and reverencc of those amongst us, who would not wish to be deprived of that view in which they have ever delighted to look upon tho Communion service as a spiritual sacrifice to G od, and in a certain sense propitiatory. Of this part of the charge oar communicants alone are entitled to be judges; and I cannot believe that any of our devout worshippers at the Lord's table will require from me, on the present occasion, an explanation of the assertion that the book teaches in some objectionable sense, which is not named, that there is " a propitiatory sacrifice in the Sacrament of the Lord's Sapper." I.may agaip, I. think, fairly protest againet this undermining a clergyman's teaching by putting forth such naked and unsupported statements. Let my accuses bring before your lordship what it is iu the book against which thoy object on this point, and I trust to be able to give a satisfactory explanation. But once more—the book is objected to on the ground that "it sanctions prayers for the dead. I will quote tho passage at length, p. <34:— "Together with us remember, Oh! God, " for good, the whole mystical Body of Hr " Son: that such as are yet alive may finisl " their course with joy, and that all such as " are dead in the Lord may rest in hope and " rise ill gloiy for Thy Son's sake, whose " death we now commemorate." I confess, my lord, that, to my own mind, the idea conveyed by this prayer is not so very different from that which wc habitually use in the prayer for the Church Militant; where wc say, " We also bless thy Holy Name for all Thy " servants departed thislife in Thy faith and " fear, beseeching Thee to give us grace so " to follow their good examples, tliat with , " them, we may be partakers of Thy l!eo- " venly Kingdom," Or, again, let us compare the prayer in . the " Steps to the Altar" with the Col- . lect in the Service at the " Burial of the , Dead," whore we pray for the final consummation of the Elect,—the words being, " Beseeching Thee, that it may please Thee, " of Thy gracious goodness, shortly to ac- " complUh the number of Thine clect, and " to hasten Thy Kingdom : that wo, with all " ihosc Hint arc departed in the true jaith of " Thy Holy name, may have our perfect con- " summation and bliss, both in body and in "sou!, in Thy eternal and everlasting "glory." Now, what I would ask, are the ideas suggested, as well by these prayers in our Liturgy as by that prayer which is objected to in " The Steps to the Altar?" Surely, first, we gain the idea of the intimatecommunionwliich exists through our Blessed Lord between the members of Ilis Church Militant on earth, and those that have already entered into their rest. And, secondly, these prayers imply, that the full consummation of what Christ has prepared fur llicni that love Him is not vouchsafed until the Kingdom of God shall come with power. 1 am now entering upon a point of Theology where I need not expcct to meet with perfect agreement; nor yet, I. trust, with those wounded feelings of delicacy against which, in the earlier part of this letter, I have had to struggle. From those that are interested iu the subject of prayers for the departed, I may well deiuaud a patient hearing of what I am prepared to advance in support of that prayer for the dead which I have quoted above, und which I believe is the only passage where this point is introduced in the " Steps to the Altar." I will open the brief notice which I can take on this subjcct with a quota- tion from Archbishop'Usher— " Homanists (ho says) do commonly take " it for granted thnt purgatory and prayer " for the dead be so closely linked together, " that (he one dotli necessarily follow flic "other; hut in so doing they reckon " without their host, and grcallv mistake " the matter. For howsoever they may " deal with their own devices as they " please, and link their prayers with " purgatory as closely as they list, yet shall " they never be able to show that the coni- " mcmoration and prayers for the dead " used by the ancient Church had any " relation with their purgatory ; and tlicrc- " fore, whatsoever they were, J'ojiish "prayers they were not." The method in which prayers on behalf of the departed may be regarded by English Church- people is we'll put by Bishop Jeremy Taylor, in his Dissuasive from Popery, vol. x. p. 148— " Upon what accounts the lathers did " pray for the saints departed, and indeed " generally for all, it is not now seasonable " to dis course; but to say this only, that "such genera! prayers for the dead as those " above reekoned, the Church of England " jirrer did e.ondnnn by any express article, " but left it in the middle; aud by her " practice declares her faith of the rcsur- " lection of the dead, and her interest in " the communion of saints, and that the " saints departed arc a portion of the " Catholic Church, parts and members of " the body of Christ. 1 may here fitly introduce (he remarks of Bishop' Bull, in a wellknown passage in his Corruptions of the Church of lioine, vol. ii. sec. 3, p. !2l>U —He says, " Prayers for the dead as founded upon " the doctrine of purgatory (and we " no otherwise reject them J fall together " with it. The prayers for the dead used " in the ancient Church * * were of " two sorts, cither the common and general "commemoration of all tlie faithful at the "oblation of the Holy Eucharist; or the " particular prayers used at tlie funerals of " any of the faithful lately dcccnsed. 'J he " former respected their final absolution, " and the consuniation of their bliss at the " resurrection ; like ns that our Church uses " both in the office for the Communion, and " in that for the burial of the dead - which " indeed seems to be no more than what we " daily pray for ill that petition of the " Lord's prayer (if wc rightly understand " it) Tlii/ Kingdom come." Mr. Palmer, in his Antiquities of the English llitual, vol. ii. chap. 4, sec. It), remarks— " When the doctrine of purgatory hod " been extirpated, the linglish Church " restored tlie commemoration • of saints " departed in the Liturgy, which had been " omitted (or many years; for (as the " author adds in a note) the commemoration " that closes the prayer for the Church " Militant was not introduced until the last " review in 1601." And how does the accusation now stand, that the " book sanctions prayers for the dead." Let us turn again to tho player, and what ingenuity can discover any tiling at variance with the idea contained in those prayers from tho Liturgy, which I have cited above ? What in fact is expressed but a belief in the Communion of all Saints, and a desire that God would make the time short and hasten His coining? What is there but an acknowledgment of the great truth, that all souls are iu waiting for the great and dreadful day, when Christ will come again in glory to admit, at length, the blessed to their final consummation and glory in Ilis perfected Kingdom ? With tho limitation so expressly recogniscd, that this prayer mentions those only who arc (lead in the Lord, wc might as reasonably object io pvay: for the whole Church, since that word included the whole mystical body, as well those who are yet on -earth, as those who have departed this life in faith and hope. <• Under the accusations cast upon the teaching of this book, I must really appeal from the judgment of which the " Churcli of England Protestant Association" have delivered themselves, to such men as Usher, and Jeremy Taylor and Bull; and can we Protestants of this day be so ungrateful as to affirm that these great lights were, tainted with Romanizing? But, my lord, when I have given the " Steps to the Altar," controversy has been furthest from my thoughts: I have given it because I had good reason to trust that (hose who might use it would find it a help, so as to come holy and clean to the heavenly feast. And surely, with the Sadduceeism of the present day so rife amongst us, it is pardonable in a Manual, otherwise, I believe, so unexceptionably sound, to endeavour to revive something of our communion with the " cloud of many witnesses," who have fought the good fight, and who have fiuished their course with joy, and whom, we trust, through Christ, one day to see face to face in the kingdom of grace and glory. My Lord, I believe that now my task is well nigh done. For upon what ground it is asserted that the book sanctions prayers for the " intercession of saints," I have failed to discover. I have gone over the work. I have asked others to poiut out the passage—and I hare still been unable to meet with it. Has this charge then been introduced in the same reckless spirit as those which I noticed above, merely to create a false impression ? For the solitary passage which might by possibility be distorted to make good "this accusation is contained iu these few words, "Give " unto us all, 0 ! God! a portion of all " the good prayers in Heaven and earth " —the intercession of our Lord—and " the supplications of all Thy servants." Is it, then, wrong to ask God the Father to bestow upon us the fruits of His intercession Who is at His right hand in Heaven—or, again, is it wrong to beg that our hearls may be prepared to reccive those blessings which God's servants on earth pray for on our behalf ? If then there be any other passage besides this one which I have explained, let it bo produced, and I have no fear but that it likewise may be satisfactorily explained. But, my iord, till it is produced I do not think that I am callcd upon to dwell at any greater length upou this subjcct—except to remind us all, amidst our unhappy strifes, of the employment of those saints who are at rest— " And another angel came and stood at " the altar, having a golden censer j and " there was given unto him much incense, " that lie should offer it with the prayers of " -iH saints upon the golden altar which was " before the throne ; and the smoke of the " inccnsc which came with the pr.-.vers of " the saints ascended up before Uod out of " the angel's hand."—Kcv. viii. 3, 4. Such my lord, is my explanation of this book concerning which "the committee of the ( liurcli of England " Protestant Association is unanimously of "opinion that it i j calculated to pervert the "minds of young persons—to inculcatc the "most dangerous errors of Humanism —to introduce into the Church of England the " abominations of the Confessional—and to " undermine the principles of tlie Protestant " religion." Of course, it would be futile to cxpectanything which I have advanced can bo of the slightest moment in the minds of persons who have been enabled, by a .singular perversion of statements to dr aw such a conclusion ;—but, ulas! their object was apparently to underminea clergyman's influence—to hinder him ill his work—to excite indignation, and stir up prejudice. For a time they have sucecded—iiiey have prepared for me a cross, and I must wait for grr.ee to take it up : they have sown suspicion, and I. must remain slandered and suspected in the eyes of my follow-churchmcn,—tho excitement of w. ich I hear seems to have given them t'nat miserable recompense which they sought. And yet, my Lord, there are others for whom one cannot but feci most anxious in such a time of trial. There are tho heads of many of our families, there are persons who hitherto have discovered nothing objectionable in my teaching ; there arc, more especially, those to whom I have given the book. May I hope that what 1 have said may help, by God's grace, to remove perplexities, to explain difficulties, to show bow the book may still be used profitably for our soul's health, and that nothing is thoi'eiii contained but that which our wisest teachers have thought may be concluded aud proved out of Holy Scripture. My Lord, 1 have undertaken all this collection of authorities, to clcar myself in your eyes from the very grave charges brought against me—and to prove, as I trust 1 have done, that (as regards the distributing this hook at least) your Lordship was not mistaken in affirming the absence of all tendency to Bomanism amongst the clergy. But, secondly, 1 have availed myself of your kind permission to address those also whose indignation [gainst me could not, I conceive, have been so great, but for the perverse misrepresentation to which the book has been subjected. And again, more particularly have I desired to consult for the welfare of those to whom I have at any time given this book. It is naturally a subjcct very near my heart to satisfy them fully that I have not done anything which, as a clergyman of the Church of England, I was not fully authorised in doing. I shall hope if they will read these lines, they will still find, notwithstanning all which bas been spoken against it, that the " Steps to the Altar" is a book to which they will ever owe much comfort and instruction, as I can assure them many have already done, I cannot but feel that the notions of many upou the subjcct of Iloly Com- ;niunion are vague and unsatisfactory; 1 feel persuaded that thoy do not adequately realise the solemn expressions which are used in the course of the service; nor can I think that the few weeks preparation liefore Confirmation for meditation, which arc found in this part of the Manual, would supply them with associations suitable to so solemn an occasion. In short, I hoped to build up a budy of devout communicants. It was, my Lord, on these grounds, that 1 ventured to distribute this book, to enforce, what I hope I have always endeavoured to teach, without any idea that an uddue prominence was given to subjects upon which there may exist a difference of opinion. I might ask, has any single person, amidst the ordinary sanctities of a Christain's life, been led by the use of this book to make confession to a priest an ordinary part of jiis devotional practice? Finally, I can only express a hope that, amidst all the clamour which has been excited, the minds of those who desire to advance in holiness will not be unsettled, and that if they are debarred from using what I, in all good conscience, gave them, they will be supplied with other helps, as conformable to the principles of the book of Common Prayer, and as explanatory of those holy mysteries, which arc the pledges of Christ's love, and by which wc remember His death to our great and cndleER comfort,—my sole object will then be fully attained. One word more, aud I will not trespass further. I would desire, in this public way, to offer to those amongst whom I lately ministered some explanation of the step which I felt called upon to take in resigning the curacy of St. David's. My Lord, I should be ashamed to deny the pain which I feel in withdrawing from parochial ministrations,in which I have been engaged for tho last two years and a half; and I trust that I shall ever retain in my heart, a lively remembrance of the kindly intercourse which I have had with those who have been pleased, hitherto, to appreciate my motives. Now, if there has been anything objectionable in the book, tho least which 1 might have expected from a brother clergyman was, I conceive, a demand for an exjilanation; or, at least, some complaint brought in a formal manner before your Lordship. As I was not attempting any new thing, but that which 1 had practised ever since my first coining into Ilobart Town, as occasion offered—as I bad never heard a syllable breathed njpinsl the book in any one particular—but, on the contrary, many grateful expressions of thankfulness for the possession of it, I did not conceive that I was doing anything against which exception could fairly be taken, in distributing the work to the candidates at the rccent confirmation. But when objections began to be taken, 1 was never oncc referred to; no information was given of what might be alleged in its defence, by those even moderately versed in the meaning of our formularies. Instead of this the parts objected to in the book were denounced by Br. Bedford himself, from house to house, .-is popery. The book was even exhibited for the reprobation of those who dissent from our forms of worship. When I complained of this way of dealing by one clergyman towards another, 1 was only informed that for the future the pulpit at the parochial services should bo closed against me; an announcement virtually repeated, amidst the cxcitcment which had been raised by the advertisement in the Advertiser of the preceding day, in the face of the whole congregation on the ensuing Sunday. 1 still feel that no other course was opeu to me but to tender at once my resignation, as all confidence between Dr. Bedford and myself must have ceased; and had I remained, I could only have carried on the ministrations with the brand of unsound teaching put upon me. It may be alleged that the part taken by Dr. Bedford, in respect of this book, was done under the excitement of the moment. I can only say that 1 have received no such acknowledgement, nor is the wrong which has been inflicted upon me the less grievous. Henceforth, if your Lordship should commit another cure to my charge, I shall at my entrance upon the work have tho painful task of disabusing the minds of my people from believing that I am come amongst them, cither to inculcate "dangerous and erroneous principles," or to propagate tenets" subversive of the evangelical truth of religion." My Lord, upon a retrospect of the events of tlie last ton days, 1 may apply to myself without presumption, your own well weighed words, which you lately delivered to us an your Charge; for my oppouents seem to have forgotton that there is Such a grace as charity, or that there is a Commandment in the Decalogue which says—" Thou shalt not boar . false witness against thy neighbour." I remain, my Lord, Your Lordship's faithful servant, W. TANCItEf). 