CHURCH OF EXGLAND SOCIETY. A general meeting of the members of the Church of England Society, specially sum moned, was held on Tuesday afternoon, the Lord Bishop oí Adelaide in the - chair. The following clergymen and gentlemen were pre sent :-The very reverend the Dean of Ade laide, the Kev. Messrs Watson, Wood, Fulford, Woodcock and Schoales; Messrs K. Stuckey, T. Gilbert, Singleton, Macdermott, Lucas, Wickstead, Cawthorne, Ross, Andrews, Dun can, Branthwaite, Murray, Hawkes and Nash. The Lord Bishop having opened the pro ceedings by prayer, called upon Mr Thomas Gilbert, J.P., who mcved the -first resolution. " (See advertisement.) Mr Singleton seconded the motion which he thought must embody the feeling of every clergyman in the province, whether belonging to their own or any other Christian communion. On that point nothing coul 1 bc more conclu sive than the returns lately laid on the Council table, and the letters by which they were accompanied. The clergy were unanimous in calling on a Christian government to aid them in their efforts to diffuse the truth, and he must say it waB a most fortunate circumstance that such a manifestation should have been made at that particular time. The opposition which had arisen on the subject could be traced only to strong party feeling-and such feeling as they well knew, was not at all times perfectly sincere. lie repeated it-the desire to deprive the country districts of their ministers could spring from no other than a party feeling. During a period of nearly eight ye; rs, when he resided in a neighbouring colony, he was as he might say the officiating spriest for a considerable district-a district which was only visited once a month on a week day by a clergyman residing at a place fifty miles off. It was nominally visited once a month, but as the clergyman had two rivers to cross and a very rough country to travel over, it often happened that he was prevented coming by bad weather, and on some occasions six months had elapsed without his paying them a visit; but to show the eagerness with which bis ministrations «ere sought, he might men tion that his arrival at his (Mr Singleton's) house, was always made known from one to another through the entire district and the next day was kept as a day of rest, all farming pursuits being abandoned and the Church filled with an attentive congregation. On such occasions not more than one or two farmers were absent. The church even thus irregularly supplied was of the utmost service to the neighbourhood, still whatever he might have done with such occasional assistance, it fell very far short of what could have been effected by a clergyman stationed there, and in that remote district he had determined, if ever he should be transplanted to any other part of Australia, to use every effort in his power to have a minister settled in each occupied locality. As his Lordship was about to put the resolu tion to the meeting, The Dean of Adelaide rose, and, referring apparently to the introductory remarks of the last speaker, said he should not like any gen tleman to vote upon the question without fully considering the effect of the resolution. It must be understood as affirming the principle cf State support to Religion. He mentioned this to preclude the possibility of mistake, or of any gentleman's feeling afterwards that he ? had been taken by surprise. Mr Singleton-The resolution expresses ap proval of State aid to Religion, but not of a state religion; The Dean assented. The motion was then put and carried unapi ? mously. Mr Macdermott, J.F., moved the second resolution. (See advertisement.) It was clear that a thinly scattered population could not support a minister, and equally so that the residence of a minister in each district had an effect favorable to morality. This could not be achieved without extraneous aid, as the \- circumstances of emigrants were not generally such as to admit of their meeting the ne cessary charges, and it therefore became the duty of the ßtate to assist them. In town the case might be different, and therefore the present system might be -modified, but the principle of State support was necessary. He, like his friend Mr Singleton, had officiated as -chaplain to a district which was -without a regular minister, and by such feeble aid the Church had been kept together for some years. But be could bear testimony to the good effect produced by the settlement of a clergyman in that place. It acted as a restraint on the more lawless, and even the outward appearance of things was changed. The Sabbath, which be fore bad been made too much a day of mere amusement, and passed in shooting or other sports, was more regularly observed, and a better tone was given to society generally. Mr Branthwaite seconded the motion. They must all agree that the settling of a minister ?of any denomination in a district was a great and efficient aid to public morals. In some of 'the suburban villages people might be seen at their work on the Sabbath-day, between which and the week days they made little or no dis tinction, while others were sitting about, doing nothing. The population of the suburbs was increasing very rapidly, and the parochial attendance was quite insufficient. True it might be that much had been done, hut it was equally true that more remained to do. The resolution was unanimously adopted. Dr.Duncan, «T.P., moved the third resolution. (See advertisement.) He could speak to its truth from experience, for be had resided at Port Adelaide for six years, during about four of which they had had a resident clergyman.. In the first instance an attempt had been made to raise the means for -his support, not by the letting of seats, but by gathering subscriptions, and the most they were able to collect was between £60 and £65. That was all they had paid Mr Newenham, and it was not nearly sufficient for his maintenance, paying, as he ad to do, from £25 to £30 a-year for his louse. But that society had voted a further aum of £6ö from the money placed at its dis posal by government. Mr Woodcock-Not this society. A board was specially appointed to distribute the amount voted by Council to the Church of England in 1846. Dr. Duncan-Well ; the board then gave a further sum of £65, and thus the clergyman was supported. Since the passing of the pre sent Act the sum contributed by the congre fation was in the form of seat-rents, and they ad experienced how that plan worked. The district was thickly peopled, and the inhabitants were very far from being poor;-scarcely one of them occupied a bouse for which he paid less than 8s a-week ; but all they had obtained was under £70 per annum ; it varied between £60 and £70, and had it not been for the aid of government, they could not have retained a clergyman among them. Either the people could not, or they would not, contribute suffi cient for the purpose. The motion was seconded by Mr R. Stuckey, and carried unanimously. Mr Nash, J.P., moved the fourth resolution. (See advertisement.) He found that in the Old Testament the principle of State aid to Religion was supported both by precept and example ; and he had never found anything in j the New Testament to condemn the system. The diffusion of the Gospel must be carried on either by miracles or means ; the age of mi racles had ceased, and, if they sent clerygymen into the bush, means must be provided for their maintenance. Mr Lucas seconded the motion, and urged the necessity of seconding it by something more than mere words. Some means should be adopted to strengthen the hands of such can didates as were favorable to a continuance of the grant ; that would be seconding it ef fectually. His Lordship said it hal come to his know ledge that many persons who were favorable to the abstract principle of the grant, and who agreed that it was right it should be be con tinued till the new Council could legislate upon the subject, yet objected to the mode in which the present Legislative Council had carried ito final vote into effect. They thought it un seemly that such a 'vote should have been passed at the time it was-at the very last moment, and just before the dissolution of the Assembly. Mr Wicks teed considered the members could not have done otherwise than as they did. It was their strict duty to continue the grant until the subject could be dealt with by an assembly more popularly formed. So far from blaming them foi what they had done, he gave them every praise, and he was pretty sure that the very persons who now found fault with them would have been still louder in their censures had they suffered the grant to fail for the intermediate period. They would have charged them then with cowardice, and «aid they wished to curry favor with the people at the last moment. The Dean of Adelaide trusted, as the ques tion-had been mooted, that-others would ex press their opinions. He was for thanking the members, as he believed they had acted with a good motive ; but he must admit that he very -much doubted if the 'mode they adopted were the best Some said, not per haps using the Trery words, that it was a take in : that there was no notice given nor even the opportunity of discuïsioa by an adjournment. He must say that-in his -opinion there was something very much like a surprise in it, and they must be careful how far they put forth their opinion as to the manner in which the vote was passed. Mr Macdermott thought the Council would have been open to blame if they had suffered that or any other Act to expire between the time of their own dissolution and the meeting of the new Assembly. They were making no new law, but simply providing for the old one continuing in force till repealed by a com petent authority, and the same course was al ways pursued by the English Parliament. The Dean-Without any notice being given ? Mr Macdermott-I do not say so. His Lordship-Had only wished to avoid a hasty sanction being given to a proceeding which had been much questioned. In having called attention to it he had sufficiently gained his object. The Rev. Mr Watson said that the question had better be decided one way or the other. If the members of Council had done right they deserved their thanks, but if not the motion had better be passed by. One thing he must observe, that a colonial Council must not be strictly judged by English rules, for its usages differed very much from those of the Imperial Parliament. If he was not mistaken he had heard of a most important Act being brought ic, read a first, second, and third time in a single day, a thing which certainly was never done at home; and yet he was not aware that the proceeding bad been censured. As to the vote it was not very important to the treasury, how ever much it might have been to a few ministers. The Rev. Mr Woodcock concurred in the resolution as it stood. It was well known to the members that Major O'Halloran had called for the returns, and that the meeting in question was to be their last ; they must, therefore, have been perfectly aware that the question would be brought forward. However, he did not see that the vote of thanks in any way affirmed the mode in which the grant was continued in operation. Mr Nash agreed with the last speaker. Had there been another day of meeting and had advantage been taken of a scanty attendance the members might have been open to censure ; but, as it was, the vote was passed on the last day, and at that very moment when, had it not been passed, it must have fallen to the ground altogether. Mr Singleton reminded the meeting that before that day the returns were not upon the table, so that till then the Council had not any data to go upon. The time when the vote was passed was not only the last but the first op portunity open to them. Mr Gilbert thought that had the Council -suffered the grant to cease, they would have done an act of great injustice to its supporters. The motion was then put and earned unani mously. The Dean of Adelaide said he had a resolu tion to propose, which uni ike the others, had not been submitted to the sub-committee. He was |not prepared to say very much upon it, but he wished it mooted, even if it were not carried. There were some persons, even in the Church of England, who were opposed to State aid to religion. The arguments of those to whom he referred were not drawn from Scripture, for if the grant could be proved un scriptural, of course there was an end to it; but many good men objected to the grant upon a different ground-^the fear that it might lead to the establishment of a dominant -church;-a State Church-with all its adjuncts of tithes, cl urch-rates, and other abominations, as they called them-(a laugh); and for him self he must say that he agreed with them in the use of the term. -(A laugh.) He was thoroughly opposed in -this colony to any state church or do.ninant sect, and so, he thought, were most of the members of the Church of England. But State aid and a State Church were two different things, and they were very unfairly represented as having any connexion with each other. If he thought that State aid were the small end of the wedge, and that its introduction would lead to the establishment of a State Church, he would himself Oppose it heartily. He was aware that his resolution came somewhat suddenly upon his Lordship, and he had not the least desire to enforce his own particular opinions. It might be that the members of the Church of England desired the establishment of a dominant church. If so, let them say so: whatever they wished, let it come loudly out. He had no such wish : were the State grant abandoned altogether, he had no fear for the Church of England^ It had ac quired and maintained a standing here-a standing respected even by those of other creeds, which was sufficient and satisfactory. With a clear stage and no favor, the Church of of England]could hold its own way. The Very Reverend gentleman concluded by reading his resolution.'^ (See advertisement) His Lordship doubted the propriety of ap plying the term *? abominations" to rt tithes," which had received the Dfrine sanction. The resolution was seconded by The Rev. Mr Woodcock, who said he had little to add, but the expression of his own con currence with the remarks of the Dean. Ap-' I Erehensions such as those he had al.uded td ad certainly been introduced ; they had formed the main ground of attack on the original grant, and were still used by the public press,-by a part of it, he should rather say, for he was happy to see one editor present who had always supported the principle of State aid to religion. It was the main argu ment used in the rural districts, and especially in that for which Major O'halloran was a can didate. It had given him much pleasure to read a very pointed and able speech delivered in that district by Mr Hewett-a person of some influence there. The Reverend gentle man then quoted the words of the resolution/ adding, that when they considered the number of Wesleyans in the colony, of members of the Church of England, and of the Roman Catholics, who were also an increasing body, they must see that no such result as the estab lishment of any dominant sect could reason ably be anticipated. The language of the re solution was deprecatory of any such establish ment. He need only say that it would be un just: that one reason was worth a thousand. A conversation followed on the wording of the resolution, the object being to avoid pass ing any censure on the Establishment at home, and yet to state distinctly and unequivocally that, under no imaginable circumstances, could a dominant church be desirable in the colony. Mr Singleton said that, as a layman, he must give his cordial support to the resolution, which, though =it was -left out by the sub-com mittee, was, in his opinion,' the cream of the whole, for on this point, both at:the original introduction of the question and at the present time, had the party opposition been got up. It would show the truth of what had been already explained by one of the Editors then present, that in South Australia there was no State Church. It was the opponents of the Grant who had put forth the mis-statement that a dominant church was desired. Let it go forth, then, in the most authenticated form possible, that the members of the Church of England did not want one-that they re pudiated euch a system-that they considered it impolitic and unjust. Dr Duncan said, the most plausible argu of the opponents of the Grant was, that it supported error as well as truth. Were they to determine wholly to avoid this, there was no other way of doing so than by the establish ment of a national Church, and then it would be necessary for the State to decide what was truth, and what was error. The principle as at present carried out, was, that all sects might be supported which took the Bible as their standard, and acknowledged it as the Word of God ; and under this system, it might be trusted that the truth would eventually prevail. The Rev. Mr Woodcock observed, that the strongest argument was grounded on the support given-et present to the Roman Catholic Faith. But it must be remembered, that although Catholics mixed up much error with the truth, they held ull the essential doctrines of Christianity. Divided, as the Church un fortunately was at present, he cid not see how the State could go further, than the acceptance of and belief in the Bible, though he confessed he should be glad if some definition of the word "Christian/' could be adopted, so as to restrict the aid to the believers in the Deity of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the divinity and personality of the Holy Ghost. The Rev. Mr Watson said, to affirm that under no circumstances would a National Church be justifiable, would be tantamount to a declaration that Almighty God made a mis take in instituting a National Church among the Israelites. He did not think any sane individual could indulge the idea of a dominant sect prevailing in South Australia. The idea was absurd, impracticable, impossible. He did not believe it would be for the benefit of the Church of England to be made a State church in the colony, and he had not the least wish that it ¡ should be so. The attempt to make it a do minant church would raise a spirit of enmity and opposition which would do it far more j mischief than any State Aid could counter- ! balance. A Government had scarcely ever established a church without crippling its ener gies, interfering with its discipline, and sacrific ing its spiritual objects for political purposes. In his opinion one of the greatest evils which could happen to the communion in the colony would be the turning of it into a State church. Dr Duncan, with reference to Mr Wood cock's remarks, observed that if the test he recommended were adopted, the principle of taking no other test than the Bible would be broken down. If they made one reservation they might make half- a-dozen. The next might be to require the Bible taken as the sole guide of faith, without reference to any uninspired writings, by which the Roman Catholics would be excluded. The Rev. Mr Woodcock-The Unitarians do not believe the whole Bible. They reject the first three chapters of Genesis, and the first two chapters of Matthew. If they admitted them, I would defy them to deny the fall of man and the atonement. The Dean of Adelaide agreed with Dr Duncan, and, turning to Mr Woodcock, said " We must not run into a polemical discus sion." The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Mr Murray hoped he would be excused for taking the liberty of asking his Lordship to state whether he agreed with the resolutions that had been passed. He himself believed his Lordship agreed with them, bul it was im portant that it should be known that he did so, as divers opinions as to. bis. Lordship's sentiments had been circulated. His Lordship said be did, decidedly- He agreed with the first-He agreed with the second-He agreed with the third-He agreed with the fourth, and he agreed with the fifth. The Dean of Adelaide thought it was most desirable for aU to speak their views plainly. Mr Murray, a short time before, had charged some of their body with inconsistency, and he knew that strange notions had gone abroad as to their opinions. He had heard it said that the Bishop was of the same opinion as Mr Bentham Neales and Mr Prescott. His Lordship-Remembered Mr Bentham Neales's telling him he had been asked to hedge, and sa\ingthat he should have no ob jection to loans from the Treasury for ecclesi astical purposes; and he (the Bishop) had re plied that it would come to much the same thing. He remembered -nothing of Mr Pres cott, more than that he once called on him and stated his views. The Dean of Adelaide-Had heard all sorts of reports as to the opinions of different men. He had heard it said that Mr Giles was willing to take government aid for buildings, though not for stipends. He was very anxious that the opinion of the Church Society should be distinctly stated. Some conversation followed as to the means of giving circulation to the resolutions, and thanks having been voted to his Lordship for his conduct in the chair, the meeting separated Moxs ZEAL WITHOUT DISCRÉTION.-We have lately heard of a Protestant with rather more sincerity than judgment, who has just dis charged an old and faithful servant because tbs poor fellow happens to have a Roman nose ! 