TclE LIGHT ON CAPE WILLOUGHBY. K) THE EDITOR OP THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER. . Sir — Nothing very shipshape can be expected from a Government the Chief of which walks every day under his own flag not hoisted by six feet to the masthead. This is so obvious that I have often wondered how it could have escHpeu. unsurvauuii. ? The chief object of my now addressing you, however, is to call attention to a proposition in the Lieutenant Governor's speech, not o& vital importance in itself, except as it appears to me to show inaptitude in arrangement. I mean the proposal to call the light on Cape Willoughby, the Sturt Light. Now, so far as regards the wish to repay Captain Sturt for his labours, there is nothing to be said against it; but let that repayment be in place, and not such a one as Captain Sfcurt would himself object to. The light on Cape Willoughby can only, be Cape Willoughby Light, and nothing else. To a stranger— and lights are for strangers — if yon mentioned the Sturt Light, he would say, Where's that ? Oh, on Cape Willoughby. . This junction of the name of the light and its locality is so necessary, that I question if there is a single light in the world called otherwise than by that of its situation. Indeed, if it were not so, if the Lieutenant-Governor's idea were carried out, we should require a topographical dictionary of lights, thus: — The Smeaton Light, on the Eddystone ; Captain Bullock's revolver, on the South Sand Head; the Hudson Testimonial, Sunderland Pier Light'; and so on. Among the minor gifts .of the great navigator was his tact in giving names to prominent points. His 'Hat Hill,' 'Gable End Foreland,' and others similarly appropriate, have saved many a man many hours' anxiety. The name proposed is exactly ' in the contrary direction. Besides, Captain Sturt's merits are not of a naval character ; surely, if such a nomenclature could be tolerated, it would be in favour of' Captain Flinders, if his ghost did not rise to forbid it ? .': ? ' J. H. C. 