CORRESPONDENCE. THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND A SIGNAL AND MISERABLE FAILURE. To the E.litor of the Daily Times. Bun a Burra. May 6,1851. Sir—In ray lust letter, I endeavoured to show that the English State Church had been eminently suc cessful in procuring pecuniary advantages, and worldly honours, on behalf of its adherents ; of state bishops it is said, " They hunt after wealth with a step as steady as time, and an appe tite as keen as death," of wlffch the following facts arc given, in proof of such an assertion. The late Archbi-hop of Canterbury lef t a fortune of one hun dred thousand pounds, which he bequeathed to his rich relative^ and no£ a penny to the poor. Accord ing to a return made to Parliament in May, 1845, the revenue of the then twenty-six state bishops of the Poor Man's Church, paid to them in 1843, amounted to two hundred, and six tlnousand and forty-seven pounds. From another Parliamentary return, a« stated in the House of Commons, by Captain Osborne, eleven- Irish state bishops, left wealth to the amount of one million eight hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds. The following is the list extracted from the Parliamentary return* Probates of Will); of Irish Bishops. . Stopford. Bishop of Cork £25,000 Percy, Bishop of Dromorc .... 4",000 Cleaver, Bishop of Ferns 50,000 Bernard, Bishop of Limerick .. 60,000 Kuox, Bishop of Killaloe 100.000 Fowler, Bishop of Dublin 150,000 Beresford. Bishop of Tuam.... 250,000 Hawkins, Bishop of Raphne .. 250,000 Stuart, Bishop of Armagh .... 300,000 Torter, Bishop of Clogher .... 250.000 Agar, Bishop of Cashel 400,000 £1,875,000 Such are the onormous sums of wenlth accumu lated, and left at death by the princely prelates of the state church, in one of the poorest, worst fed, and worst clad of all the nations on the face of the earth. The English state church in Ireland, has been described by the lion. T. B. Macaulay, as the "most utterly absurd, and indefensible, of all the institutions now existing in the civilized world." And by Mr Roebuck, as " the greatest ecclesiasti cal enormity in Europe." This is evidently not the Church of Christ. Christianity teaches' " that bishops should not be given to filthy lucre." It is a costly, pernicious, aristocratic, and political insti tution^ which if at all designed to promote'the glory of God in the salvation of mankind, has been clearly proved, After an experiment of three hun* dred years, to be a signal and miserable failure. It in the acquisition of wealth and political power, if has been singularly successful, in the following par ticulars, as stated by n>y brother pastor, before alltt ! dcd to, it has been anything but successful. I. If to promote nothing but the pure religion of the New Testament, it has miserably failed, for it haa also, and chiefly pro noted sentiments, rites, and practices, having no foundation or .countenance in the word of God. ; 2. If to maintain only the Protestant religion in \ opposition to Popery, it has signally failed, having preserved and promulgated most of the peculiar, and distinctive dogmas and ceremonies of Bomanum. | 3. If to secure doctrinal unanimity in this king dom, it has sadly failed, for leaving all dissenting opinions out of the question, its clergy hold, and advocate all the varied creeds of Christendom. 4\. If to enforce national uniformity, it has equally failed ; for notwithstanding all its laws, cuuoa.% courts, and cms-s. a large proportion ot" the profes sing public lias wholly left its communion. 5\. If to convert the souls of the population, it has awfully failed; for according to some of its best writers, comparatively few of its own ministers and members, are roallv renewed by divine grate. 6\. If to moralize tin nation, it has fearfully failed; for with many pleading except ions, the bulk of avowed and recognised confornifts, set nt defiance ecerv snttvd rule of Srrintural and ireiiuiiiu monditv. 7\. I: to ensure. civil obedience to the powers that be, it hits fearfully failed; for of all the multitudes that crowd our jaii.s, bulky, and penal si- ttleiueuts, nearly all oi them are ignorant n:;d criminal epis copalians. 8\. If to educate all the young in t he doctrine.1 and •principles of the gospel, it has failed; for the igno rance of the lower classes of conformist1, especially in large towns and rural districts, is great, aud al most universal. 9\. If the temporal benefit of the poor were in tended, it has grievously failed ; for it has not osdv robbe'd them of their ancient ecclesiastical rc«biirc;i;*, but is now filching them, indirectly, of several mil lions it year. 10\. If to exhibit Clerical humility it has failed— for, with some few exceptions, a more haughty, vain, conceited, pompous, and overbearing class of national functionaries, is not to be found in tho country. 11\. If to manifest Pastoral dcadness to the wealth of the world, it has failed—for the zeal of tiia Priesthood, in grasping the last sheaf, egg, or po tat oe that the law allows, is every where notorious. 12\. If to keep up a competent ministry in every parish, it has wofully failed—it being avowed by high Church organs, that a large portion, of.the ckrgv are "leading their flocks to the Chambers t f death." 13\. If to guarantee the rights and liberties of tlm people, it has failed—for of all the insti'futfoils in the country, none have so strenuously opposed titer extensionof civil and religious Idwty, a, the State Church. - " 14\. If to preserve national tumpiility. it is a fail ure—for, from its origin to tho present moment, it has been a source of more "envy, hatred,, malice, and all uticharitableness," than any other cause whatever. 15\. If to hhitc Pastor and People in tho bonds of confidence and love, it has also failed—for of all the social and religious connexions in existence, there is not another so generally destitute of mutual at tachment. 15\. If t> draw forth Christian liberality, it has altogether failed—for it leaves nothing to gefic rosity—it demands your money, am! will have it to the hi.-t farthing—or sell your goods, ami send yon to gaol. 17\. If to maintain Apostolical Discipline, it has also failed—for iti admits the pious ami profane alike to all its privileges, and spunks comfort and hope to the most ungodlyos m mh as to the most devout. 18\. If to prevent spiritual delusion, it is a faihiref — for it invites all who can repeat the Catechism to confirmation, all the confirmed to communion, ami sends all its communicants to heaven. 19\. If to-destroy religions fanaticism,, it is a future—for its ministers pretend to be successor* of the apostles—to regenerate all they; baptize—to give the Holy Ghost in ordination—and. to p .rdoi* the vilest sinners. 20\. If to exhibit Gospel simplicity, it is a failure, —-witness its altars, grades of clergy, priestly titles and attire, bowings, kneeling?, turn in us, crossings, with its various other absurd and Popish cere monies !! 'I might proceed, bfit farther enuir.-rations would be needless—the failure of the Law Church as notorious as it is great and universal—and nil ihi6, too, with at least eight millions a year, (in tlrs b ack book published in 1*848, tin# an'iouut is, t n millions four hundred and eighty-three thousand s x hundred and niiiKly-seven pounds) a year—w'i h fifty thousand superior, or siih,-rJin»r>; agents, r< - gularly employed, with exclusive national preroga tives—with everything the Prince, the Parliament, the Peer, the bailiff, the sword, the dungeon, the pillory, and the stake could accomplish on its bc I half— ami that, too, for more than three hundred | years ! Indued, a like failure under equally favour able circumstances, tho world has scarce!v, if ever witnessed ! and never was disaffection to* the Law Church more rife or general than at the present time, and it is increasing every day. The rc.>s>n# are palpab'c : it Ins dishonoured Christ, the Su premo and exclusive head ot' Ilis Church, and the Bible, the only statute book and guide of His saint* —and God, in return, has visibly ami strikingly dishonoured it !! - As a contrast to the miserable failure of .h ; esta blishment, look at any denomination of evangelical dissent. For though its membsrs have uothin-' whereof to boast before God, they hare much to inspire t'nem with gratitude and joy. They may justly point tq their own rapid growth, t! eir holy independence, their internal harmony, their on - ness of sentiment in all tho important doctrines of the Gospel, the extent of' their volun aiy contribu tions, the myriads of pious persons that compose thrir churches, and of children religiously cducrtei in their schools, and the numbers, ability, piety, labours, and success of their ministers, and. inav triumphantly exclaim, " What bath God wrought?" " This is the finger of God !" All this success has been achieved wlthont the patronage, property, or furtherance of the political Stutc, without thes-mileS or encouragement of the noble and mighty, without the meretricious trappings of a gorgeous and cap tivating. Iffernrghy, aud, in fact, in opposition to the viriUent, formidable, aud undying, hostility .of the national priesthood and their obsequious partizans, and our motto and movement still aro "Onward," —"Conquering and to conquer." If God be for „us who can he against us." Never did evangelical dissent look so fair, or stand so firm, as at the pre aut moment!!" Men and brethren of all religious denominations in South Australia, past history assure- us that Christ our Saviour never received State Grants for H» own support, nor did His Apostles, who, by'IDs authority, were sent out to evangelize the world. The voluntary principle, is the principlcof tho New Testament—State grauts. of public money, osten sibly in'aid of religion, are.ofton employed in the propagation of error, and are the fruitful source of much evil • The religion of Jesus requires no sup port from the State, and can derive no benefit from connexion with the Civil power. Consider the money annually expended upon the English State Church, its awful consequences, and miserable fail ure—be admonished in time, and resolve deliber ately- and unitedly that, by the Grace of God oar Saviour, His honour shall be maintained, Ilis Wettf shall he respected and obeyed. His cause shall be liberally supported aud extended by tlie free-will offerings of Ilis people, and your determination that South Australia shall be free—politically and religiously- free! Thus will the land of your adop tion be distinguished by internal peace,"prosperity, and happiness, and become the admiration-and praise of- surrounding-colonies, and of the wise and free in our native land. Let Churchmen and Dissenters unite heart and effort to. effect this happy consummation, "and God, even our pWn God, will bless us." I am, Sir, yoarB obliged. HENRY CHEETHAM, 