CHURCH OF ENGLAND. Minutes of Proceedings ai a Meeting of the Metropolitian and Suffragan Jiishqps of the Province of Australasia, Jteld at Sydney, from October isttoNoifeniberlst.A.D. IS50* beport. The Metropolitan and Bishops of the Province of Australasia, having by the good Providence of God been permitted to assemble themselves together in 'the Metropolitan City of Sydney, on the 1st day of October, in tbe year of our. Lord 1850, and having consulted together on such matters as concern the progress of true Religion, and the wel fare of the Church Hn the said Province, and in the 'several Dioceses thereof, did agree to the decisions -and opinions contained in tie foHotving Report :— I. OBJECTS 0* THE COlTFERENCE. We, the undersigned Metropolitan and Bishop? of the Province of Australasia, in consequence of doubts existing how far vre are inhibited by the Queen's Supremacy from exercising the powers of an Ecclesiastical Synod, resolve not to exercise Buch powers on the present occasion. But we desire to consult together upon the various difficulties in which we are at present placed by the doubtful application to the Church in this province of the Ecclesiastical laws which are how in force in England; and to suggest such measures as may seem to be most suitable for removing our present embarrassments ; to consider such questions ns affect the progress of true religion, and the pre servation of Ecclesiastical order in the several Dkceses of this Province ; and finally, in reliance on Divine Providence, to adopt plans, for the propa gation of the Gispel among the Heathen races of Australasia, and the adjacent islands of the Western Pacific. We request the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Newcastle to act as our Secretary, and to embody our resolutions in a Report, to be transmitted to the Archbishops and Bishops of the United Church of England and Ireland. W. G. Sydney. G. A. New Zealand. F. R. Tasmania. Agustus Adelaide. C. Melbourne. W. Newcastle. II. CANONS OF A.D. 1603-4. We are of opinion that the Constitutions and Canons agreed upon with the King's Majesty's li canae, in the Synod at London A.D. 1603, and published for the due observation of them by his Majesty's authority, under the great Seal of Eng land, form part of the established constitution of our Church, and are generally binding upon ourselves and the clergy of our respective Dioceses. Where they cannot be literally complied with, in consequence of the altered state of circumstances since the enactment of the Canons, we (are of opi nion that they must be, as far as possible, complied with in substance. We concur also in thinking that a revisal and fresh adaptations of the Canons to suit the present condi tion of the Church is much to be desired so soon as it can be lawfully undertaken by persons possessing due authority in that behalf. III. FUTURE SYNODS AND CONVENTIONS, PBoVIN CIAL AND DIOCESAN. We are of opinion that there are many questions of great importance to the well-being of the Church in our Province which cannot be settled without duly constituted Provincial and Diocesan Synods. Without defining the exact meaning of the word Synod, as used in the Church of England, when ever the woris ' Provincial Synod' or 'Diocesan Synod ' shall be used in the following resolutions, we understand a body composed of one or more Bishops, with representatives chosen from among the clergy, meeting at such times and in such manner as may not be inconsistent with any Law of Church or State. We understand the Functions of Provincial and Diocesan Synods to be these — 1\. To consult and agree upon rules of practice and Ecclesiastical order within the limits of the Province or Diocese. 2\. To conduct the processes necessary for carrying such rules into effect. But not to alter the Thirty nine Articles, the Book of Common Pra)'er, or the Authorised Version of the Holy Scriptures. 2— Subdivision of Dioceses and Consecration of Bishops. 1\. We are of opinion that it appertains to a Provincial Synod, with the concurrence of the Dio cesan Synod, from time to time to decide upon plans for such subdivision of Dioceses as may be necessary for the more efficient discharge of the ^Episcopal duties, and to recommend those plans for adoption in accordance with the laws which, shall be in force at the time. . 2. We submit that no subdivision of any Qolonial Diocese should be determined on in England with out previous communication with the Bishop of that Diocese, in order that the proposed measures may be laid before the Diocesan and Provincial Synods before they be finally adopted. 3\. We would further express our opinion, that if the. Provincial Synod should recommend a Colonial Clergyman for appointment to fill a new or vacant See, the recommendation should be favourably con. sidered by the authorities in England, and that the person designated to such See should, in conformity with ancient practice, be consecrated by the Metro politan and Bishops of the Province, unless grave inconvenience be likely to ensue. 3— Provincial and Diocesan Conventions. ... 1\. We are of opinion that the Laity, acting by the Representatives duly elected, should meet in Diocesan and Provincial Conventions' simultaneously with the -Diocesan and Provincial Synods, that the; Clergy and Laity may severally consult and decide upon all questions affecting the temporalities of the Church, and that no act of either order relating thereto should be valid without the consent of the ' other. 2\. That any change of Constitution affecting the whole body of the Church should be first proposed and approved in the Provincial Synod, but should not be valid without the consent of the Provincial Convention. ? IV. CHURCH 3LEMBEBSHIP. We acknowledge as Members of the Church of England all persons who, having been duly baptized with water, in the name 'of the Father, Son, and Holy, Ghost are conformable to the Doctrine, Go vernment, Rites and Ceremonies, contained in the Book of Common Prayer; it being understood that they are entitled to claim at the hands of its Ministers the Rites and Ceremonies of our Church so long only as they shall continue conformable to the extent above required. :By a member of The Church of England in full communion, we understand every. one, who being conformable as aforesaid, is a partaker of the Holy Communion, as required by the rules of the Church. i While we would leave the Synods and Conventions which may hereafter be appointed to fix the qualraV cation of electors, we would express our decided conviction that all persons .elected to serve as members of : Diocesan and Provincial Conventions should be members of the Church in full commu nion. v. discipline., .1 — Bishops and Clergy. In consequence of statements which have been made in various places of the arbitrary power pos sessed by Bishops to suspend or revoke at their own discretion the licenses of clergymen, we disclaim all wish to exercise any such power, and we are of opinion that in all cases of doctrinal error, or other Ecclesiastical offences, the Bishops of the Province should be the Court for the trial of a Bishop, and the Diocesan Synod should be the Court for the trial of a Presbyter or Deacon, aud that the Metropolitan and the Bishop of the Diocese respectively should be cx-qfficio Presidents of 6uch Courts, either in person, or by their Commissaries. Further,, it would appear to be necessary that any Bishop or other Clergymen suspended or deposed by due sentence of the Court, should be legally inca pable of continuing to hold possession of any Church, Chapel, Stipend, House, Glebe, or other tempo ralities which he may have held by virtue of bis office. We are also of opinion that the form of proce dure in all cases of Appeal requires to be defined. 2.— Laity. Bearing in mind the wish expressed in the Com mination Service, that the Godly discipline of the Primitive Church may be restored, we are.; of opinion 1\. That it is the duty of every Church to seek by spiritual admonitions to reclaim those of its members who are living in notorious sin. We therefore hold it to be the duty of every Cler gyman having cure of souls, privately to admonish all evil livers among those committed to his charge, 'as need shall require, and occasion shall be given.' We would also remind the Lay Members of the Church, that the Clergy are required by the Rubric to repel from the* Holy Communion all persons who are living in sin so open and notorious as that the con gregation is thereby offended, and who after due ad monition shall continue impenitent, and without amendment of life. Provided always, that every Minister so repelling any shall give an account of the same to the Bishop of the Diocese within fourteen days after, at the farthest. And we are of opinion, that it is the duty of the Bishop earnestly to admonish every person so repelled to qualify himself by repentance for re admission to Holy Communion. Until the establishment of a, form of process by a Provincial Synod, with the concurrence of a Provin-, cial Convention, we are of opinion that in cases where all spiritual admonitions have failed to reclaim members of the Church who are living in notorious Bin, it may become the duty of the Bishop, with the aid and concurrence of his Presbyters, to pronounce such persons excommunicate so fcr as to release any Clergyman from the obligation to use the burial ser vice, if they should die without sufficient proof of repentance. But remembering the solemn charge which we have received at our consecration, to ' bind up the broken, to bring again the outcast, to seek- the lost, to be so merciful as not to be too remiss, and so to minister discipline that we forget not mercy,' we are of opinion that it is our dnty, as in every case, eo especially in those which have been here noticed, to use faithful and affectionate admonition before we proceed to any strict exercise of the discipline of the Church. YI. STATUS OF CLEB.GY. 1\. We desire to express our opinion that no Cler gyman who shall have been daly appointed and licensed to any Church or permanent cure of souls, 6hall be removable therefrom except by sentence pronounced, after judicial enquiry, before the Dio cesan Synod. 2\. That this rule should not apply to those Clergy men who have been appointed and licensed by the Bishop to cny charge expressly understood to be of a temporary nature. 3\. At the same time we consider it to be most desirable in the present state of the Church of Eng land in our Dioceses, that candidates for Holy Orders should devote themselves to the service of the Church, in that willing spirit which would induce them to place themselves at the disposal of their Bishop for some definite term of years, and leave to him the responsibility of appointing and changing their station during such period. VII. LITUB.GY. 1\. — Division of Services. We are of opinion that the Bishop of each Diocese, as Ordinary, has a discretion to autho rise Clergymen, in cases of necessity, to divide the morning service, by using either the Morning Prayer, the Litany, or the Communion Service separately ; but that each of the services so used should be read entire. 2\. — The Administration of Holy Communion. In parishes where the number ot communicants is very great, the Communion Service may he used separately, and tbe Lord's Supper admi* nistered at an early hour, besides the usual ad ministration at the morning service. In places where there, is ho morning service, the administration of the Holy Communion may be in the afternoon if necessity so require. When the Holy Communion cannot be ad ministered in a Church, or other building duly, licensed for the celebration of Divine Service, it may be administered in such places as necessity shall require. 3.— Occasional Services. . tf/e are of opinion that no clergyman has autho rity at his own discretion to abridge or alter any of the occasional services of the Church. A.— -Rules for Service on Saints days falling on Sundays, $c. Should a Saint's Day fall on Ash Wednesday, Good Friday, or Easter Eve, or on Easter Sunday, Ascension Day, Whit Sunday, or Trinity Sunday, or on Monday or Tuesday in Easter and Whitsun -weeks, 'the Lessons, Collect, Epistle, and Gospel for those days are to be used. When a Saint's Day shall fall on any other Sunday, the Lessons of the Saint's Day, unless they be from the Apocrypha, are to be used, and the Collect, Epistle, and Gospel for the Saint's Day, with the Collect for the Sunday. 5\. — Of Persons for mhom the Prayers of the Congregation are desired. It is convenient that, the uames of the persons for whom tbe prayers of tbe congregation are de sired, should be mentioned either before the Litany or before the Prayer for all conditions of Men, as the case may be. '? . . ? The words ' especially those for whom our prayers are desired,' may be inserted in the Litany in their appropriate place. 6.— Thanksgiving Service. ? It is convenient that the names of the persons who desire to return thanks should be mentioned before the General Thanksgiving. Tbe: words 'particularly to those w,ho desire now to offer up their praises and. thanksgiving lor tby late mercies vouchsafed unto them,'* may be used for persons who have not been specially prayed for. — ' 7.— Offertory. We are of opinion that no clergyman can justly be suspected of holding opinions at variance with the sound leaching 6f the Church, in conse quence of his compliance vi'itli the Rubric which directs 'that upon the Sundays and other Holy Days, if there be no Communion, shall be said all that is appointed at tbe Communion, until the end of the General Prayer (for the whole state of Christ's Church Militant here on earth), together with one or more of the Collects, concluding with the blessing.' 8.— Sponsors. Being aware that the clergy have felt the graat importance of having duly qualified sponsors at Holy Baptism, we recommend that the most earnest endeavours be used by them to convey correct impressions upon that subject to their several flocks, in the hope that suitable persons may be in all cases provided to discharge the duties^of that office. 9\. — Marriage. a. Within prohibited Degrees. . Inasmuch as it is directed by the 99th Canon that no ' person shall marry within the degrees prohibited by the Laws of God, and expressed in a table set forth by authority in the year of our Lord God 1563; 'we are of opinion that any clergyman of the Province, who bhall solemnize matrimony between persons 86 related, will be acting ^iti vio lation of the law of the Church. Referring ^also. to Canons 26 and 109, and to the Rubrics prefixed to tbe Communion Service, we are. further of .opinion that persons bo marrying within the prohibited degrees are liable tojbe re pelled from the Holy Communion until they have repented and be reformed. b. Of Persons neither of whom belongs to the C)hurch. We are of opinion that ministers of the Church of England ought not to solemnize marriage be tween persons neither of whom is of our own com munion, except in cases where the marripge cannot without extreme difficulty be solemnized in any other way. c. Irregularly Solemnized. While we recognise the validity of all marriages contracted in conformity with the laws of the State, provided that they be not contrary to the lews of the Church, we would earnestly impress upon all members of tbe Church of England the duty of having their marriages solemnized ac cording to the rites of the Church, and in no other way. d. Caution to be used. 1\. We desire to draw the attention of the clergy to the necessity of exercising due caution before they proceed to solemnize marriage. 2\. We therefore recommend that the banns be thrice published, except in case of marriage by licence, one at least in the licensed place of worship which is nearest to the residence of the parties de airing to be married. 3\. And the Registers of Marriage, Baptism, and Burial be kept, and' copies sent at thj times re quired by law. \Q.—-Ckurcfiing of Women. We are of opinion, from the Rubric at the end of the service for the Churching of Women, that that service is not intended to be used for persons who ore living in such a state as would justify the ministers in repelling them from the Holy Com munion. 11;. Ministering to Disf enters. We are of opinion that the general principle of Colonial Legislation, by which the equality of all religious denominations is recognised, releases the clergy of the Church of England in these colonies from the obligation to perform religious services for persons who are not members of our ownOhurch. Till. HOLY BAPTISM. As Bishops engaged in tbe charge of extensive Dioceses are debarred, from frequent opportu nities of conference, we do not presume to think that we can inform or guide the judgment of the Church at large ; but. at a time when the minds of pious and thoughtful men are in perplexity, we cannot remain altogether silent, nor iefrain from stating what we believe it to be the just interpre tation of the Creed, Articles, and Liturgy of the Church of England respecting the Regeneration of Infanta in Holy Baptism. We believe Regeneration to be the work of God in the Sacrantent of Baptism, by which infants bap tized with' water, in the name of '.he Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, die unto sin, and rise again unto righteousness, arid are made members of Christ, children of God, and inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven. We believe this regeneration to be the particular grace prayed for, and expected, and thankfully acknowledged to have been received in the bap tismal services. We believe that it is the doctrine of our Church that all infants do by baptism receive this grace of regeneration. But remembering the words of our Lord instituting the Holy Sacrament of Baptism (Maj,t. xxviii. 19, 20), which enjoin that they who are baptized are to be made disciples and to be taught, we are of opinion that, whensoever an infant is baptized, an assurance ought to be given at the same time on his behalf, by some one or more baptized persons, that it will be brought up in the faith of Christ. We do not recognise in the infant itself any un fithess which disqualifies it from receiving in baptism this grace, of regeneration, for our Lord Jesus Clirist does not deny his grace and mercy unto such infants, but most lovingly doth call them unto him. . We do not believe tlat un worthiness in ministers, parents^ or sponsors hinders this effect of the love of Ghrist. 'We belteve that a wilful neglect 'of the means of grace does not prove that tbe gift of regeneration was never received, 'but in those whose fall away after baptism, we. believe that the consequence of their having been regenerated is to aggravate their guilt. Finally, we would express, first, our cordial and entire agreement with the Articles and Formularies of our Church, in their plain and full meaning, and in their literal and grammatical sense Secondly, our willing disposition to accept and use them all in the manner which is appointed ; and, with especial reference to our present subject, to carry on the work of Christian education in the firm belief that infants do receive in baptism the grace of regene ration. Thirdly, above all, we would express our unfeigned thankfulness to Almighty God for the gift and preservation of these inestimable Blessings* [Signed by the Bishops of Sydney, New Zealand, Tasmania, Adelaide, and New castle.] HOLY BAPTISM. Upon this subject the Bishop of Melbourne pre ferred to state his views as follows : — . . '. The doctrine of our Church concerning the nature and efficacy of Holy Baptism may, m my opinion, be, stated in the eight following- propositions :— 1\. Regeneration is that operation of the Spirit of God upon the heart, which produces a death unto sin, and a new birth uhto righteousness. By re generation we are made 'members of Christ, children of God, and inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven. 2\. Baptism is the sacrament of regeneration, which is the particular grace prayed for, expected, and thank fully acknowledged to have been received in the bap tismal service. 3\. The work of regeneration is wrought in all, Whether they be adults or infants, who receive baptism rightly (Art. xxvii ) but in none others. (Art. xxv.) 4\. The Church, in her office for the baptism of infants, and in that for the baptism of adults, uses the language of faith and hope, and is not to be understood as declaring positively a fact which it catinot certainly know, viz., that every baptized infant ot every baptized adnlt is regenerate. 5\. The statement put into the month of a Catechu men, that he was in baptism made a member of Christ, &c;, is to be understood in the same qualified applica tion as the declaration which almost immediately follows — that by God's help he will do a« his godfathers and godmothers had promised for him, and that hfe heartily thanks his Heavenly Father that He hath called him, Src. G. Repentance and faith are required of those who come to lie baptized, but the Church is silent ai to the fitness or unfitnetfs of an infant, who is incapable of repentance and faith, for receiving regeneration in baptism. 7\. The unworthmess of a minister does not take away the effect of baptism, either in the case of infants or adults. (Art. xxvi.) 8\. Parents are nowhere mentioned in the Articles, or in the baptismal service; but infants are baptized because they promise repentance and faith by their sureties. These sureties or sponsors are to be duly qua lified persons, and no one is to be admitted godfather or godmother before the said person so' understanding has received the Holy Communion. (Canon 29.) Tne Church, however, has not positively affirmed that the unworthiness of sponsors disqualifies an infant for re ceiving the grace of baptism. The truth of the following four additional proposi tions may also, I think, be gathered from the Scrip tures, and is perfectly consistent with the general tenor of the Articles and Formularies of our Church, viz. :— 9\. Sponsors, who themselves repent and believe, may and ought to expect most confidently the grace of rege neration for the children whom they bring to be bap tized. 10\. While the Ghuroh may and ought to use the language of faith and hope respecting all infants brought to be baptized, impenitent and unbelieving sponsors are not entitled to expect any blessing from an ordinance which they only profane. 11\. Children who hare been baptized are to be taught to regard God as their Father, and to love and trust iu Him as having redeemed them by His Son'; and sanctified them by His Spirit— to pray that, being rege nerate, and made the children of God, by adoption and grace, they may daily be renewed by the Holy Ghost (Collect for Christmas Day) : to consider the guilt of any sins which they may commit against God as aggravated by their having been baptized and brought up in the faith of the Gospel. IS* Our personal repentance and faith are the only sure evidence of our being spiritually the children of God. Having thus stated my own views of the doctrine of our Church concerning Holy Baptism, I would unite with my Right Reverend Brethren in expressing 1\. My cordial and entire agreement with all the Articles and Formularies of our Church in their plain and full meaning, and in their literal and grammatical sense. 2\. My willing disposition to accept and use them in the manner which is appointed ; and, with especial reference to our present subject, to carry oh the tfork of Christian education in the firm belief that infants do receive in baptism the grace of regeneration. 3\. Above all, my unfeigned thankfulness to Almighty God for the gift and preservation in these inestimable blessings, - IX. EDUCATION. 1\. Schools. We cannot incur the * responsibility of seeming to countenance any system of erroneous-, defective, or in definite religions instruction by incorporating ourselves with the Boards, either general or local, which have the regulation and superintendence of schools so conducted. But wherever a Church of England School cannot be established, the clergy, after communication with the Bishop, should consider it their duty to remedy, as far as possible, the evils or defects of any schools to which Chureh children may be sent by their parents. 2\. University, We are of opinion that the establishment of the Uni versity of Sydney may promote the growth of sound learning, and may in many ways assist the Collegiate Institutions of the Church of England in our respective Dioceses. . But while we are not unwilling that the students in our Diocesan Colleges and Schools should compete with all other classes of Students in such public University examinations, on general literature and science, as may be established by a Senate, appointed under Ordinance of the Colonial Legislature, we should decidedly object to any University system which might hare the effect of witdrawing from oar Collegiate rale the Studeats educated in our separate Diocesan Institutions. 10\. Australian Board of Missions. The objects of the Australian Board of Missions are twofold — Domestic and Foreign. ' 1\. Domestic— The conversion and civilization of the Australian Blacks. ' 2\. Foreign— The conversion and civilization of the heathen races in all the Islands of the Western Pacific. The difficulties to be expected in this work, perhaps to a greater extent than other Missions, are— 1\. The low state of barbarism in which these races now are. , 2 In the Australian blacks the unsettled habits of the race. 3; The multiplicity of languages and dialects throughout the whole field, of operations. 4\. The unhealthiness of many of the Australasian islands in certain seasons of the year, especially from January to April. . These peculiar difficulties must be met by a plan of Missionary action deviating hi many respects from the practice of other Missions. 1\. The low state of barbarism in which these races now are seems to require that a select number should be brought nnder the most careful training at a distance from their own tribes. ' 2\. The unsettled habits of the Australian blacks re quire the same corrective, and further suggest tbe necessity of providing religious instruction for them rather by means of visiting Missionaries than by fixed Mission stati ms. 3\. The multiplicity of languages makes it necessary to conduct instruction in some one language common to all, which must be English. 4\. The unhealthiness of many of the islands makes it advisable that Missionary action shonld be carried on rather by long visits of the English Missionaries during the healthy season, than by the occupation of permanent Mission stations. Wfem are much adulterated, even in France. Thay have officers there oiled tattarturs, wtwm duly it it to taste «ad lest wipes sold by retail. They near]) all re. stgood, fcivine as their reason that they found ine wise* so roach adulterated and poisoned, that thry were afraid of losiog their lives by poison.— Death by Measure. The Ranoe of tub Hitman Vwcb.— In nrsner to a correspondent, «b« editor of tbe Medical Times says : —.There are about nine perfect tonci, but 17.592. 04+ 415 di8«f«nt soaoda ; thus. 14 direct musde*, alone nrtoge'hor produee 10,883; 3i-ifidir«ei nmsehw, «&&-. 17»J4 1.623, and tHmco-opcettiotv. pto 4ae* lltei «t*mbcr .we have Mined ; and tbesa- iatbpeo^ iently of different degrees of intensity. 