THE WELL OB' PEN MOKFA. , CHAPTER II. (From JDickcns' Household IFoi'Jy.) 1 Nost rovived during the warm summer | weather. Edward came to see her, ami | stayed the allotted quarter of an Inv ito dared not look her in the r was indeed a cripple : "ice. She I shorter than th" -"|p k'U was mueh . a crute'- "'her, and she halted on |;. .... ITor face, formerly so lnil- ««nt 111 colour, was wan and pale with suffering j the bright roses were gone, never to return, ller largo ey. s were sunk dcop down in '.'neir hollow, cavern ous sockets; but; the light, was in them still, when i-jdward came. Her mother dreaded her returning strength— dreaded yet desired it; for the heavy burden of her secret was most oppressive at times, and she thought Edward was beginning to weary of his enforced attentions. One October evening she told her the truth. She even compelled her rebellious heart to take the cold, reasoning side of the question ; and sho told her child that lior disabled frati e was a disqualification for over becoming a farmer's wife. She spoke hardly, because her inner agony and sympathy was such, she dared not- trust hcrsolf to express the feelings that wcro rending her. Hut Nest turned from cold reason ; she revolted from her mother ; she revolted from the world. She bound her sorrow tight up iu her breast, to corrode and fester tin -re. Night after night her mother beard her erics aud moans — more pitiful, by- far, than those wrung from her by bodily- pain a year before ; and, night after night, if her mother spoke to s lothc, she proudly denied the existence ot any pain lout what was physical, and consequent upon her accideut. ' If sho would but open here sore heart to mo — to me, her mother,' Eleanor wailod forth in prayer to Hod, ' I would bo content. Once it was enough to have my Nest all my own. Then came love, and I knew it would never be as before; and then I thought the grief I felt, when Edward spoke to mo, was as sharp a sorrow as could be ; but this present grief, Oh Lord, my God, is worst of all ; and Thou only, Thou, canst help 1' When Nest grew as strong as she was over likely to be on earth, she was anxious to have us mueh labor as she could bear. She would not allow her mother to spare her anything. Hard work — bodily- fatigue — she seemed to crave. Sho was glad when sho was stunned by exhaustion into a dull insen sibility of feeling. She was almost fierce when her mother, 111 those first months of convalescence, performed the household tasks which had formerly been hers; but she shrunk from going out of doors. Iler mother thought that she was unwilling to expose her changed ap pearance to the neighbours' remarks; but Nest was not afraid of that ; she was afraid of their pity, as being one de serted and east off. I f Eleanor gave way before her daughter's imperiousness, aud sat by while Nest ' tore' uluut her work 1, me > eiieuieueu ui a i iuer neari, Eleanor could have cried, but she durst not ; tears, or any mark of commisera tion, irritated the criplcd girl so muc.h, sho oven drew away from caresses. Every thing was to go 011 as it had been before she had known Ed-.vard, aud so it di 1, outwardly ; hut they trod carefully, as if the ground 011 which they- moved was hollow — deceptive. There was 110 more careless ease ; every word was guarded, and every action planned. It was a dreary life to both. Unco Eleanor bvought in a little baby, 11 neighbour's child, to try and tempt Nest out of her self, by her old love of children. Nest's pale face flushed as she saw the iunoccnt child in her mother's arms ; and, for a moment, she made as if she would have taken it ; but then, sho turned away, and hid her face behind her apron, and murmured, I shall never have a child to lie in my breast, and call me mother ! In a minute she arose, with compressed and tightened lips, and went about her household work, without her noticing the cooing baby again, till Mrs Gwynn, lieart-sick at the failure of her little plan took it back to its parents. One day the news ran through Pcn- Morfa that Edward Williams was about to be married. Eleanor had long expect ed this intelligence. It came not upon her iiKC a new tiling ; uui 11 was tue tilnng- up of her cup of woe. She could not tell Nest. She sat listlessly in the house, and dreaded that each neighbour who came in would speak about the villiage news. At last some one did. Nest looked round from her employment, and talked of tho event with a kind of cheerful cu riosity as to the particulars, which made her informant go away, and toll others that Nest had quite left off caring for Edward Williams. Hut when the door was shut, and Eleanor and she were feft alone, Nest came aud stood before her weeping mother like a stern accuser. Mother, wh v did not you let me die ? Why did you ke. p me alive for this ?'' Eleanor could not speak, but she put her arms out town-ds her gi-1. Nest turned away, an I Eleanor cried al-iud in her soreness of spirit. Nest came again 1 "Mother I was wrong. You di-l your best. 1 don't know how it is I am bo hard and cold, I wish I had died when I was a '.girl, and h. d a feeling heart." "Don't apeak so, my child. God has afficted you sore, and your hardness of heart is but for a lime. Wait a little. Don't reproach yourself, my poor Nesi. I understand your ways. I dont mind them, love. The feeling heart will come back to you in time. Any ways, don't think you're grieving me, because, love, that may sting you when I am gone; and I'm not grieved, my da-ling. Mo,t times we're very cheerful, I tlunk " After this, mother aud child were drawn more together. But Eleanor had received her death from these sor rowful, hurrying events She did not conceal the truth from herself ; nor (lit she pray to live, ns some months ago she had done, for her child s sake ; she- had fouuil out that she had 110 power to cou"ole the poor wounded heart. It seemed to her as if Iter prayers had been of no avail; and then she b-amod ho self for this thought. There are many Methodist prcache a in this part of Wales- There was a certain old man, named David Hug es, who was felil 111 peculiar rovci- ence because he had known tho great John Wesley. He had been cap- tain of a Caernarvon slate -vo-scl; he had traded in the Mcditerranc- " had seen strange sights, 1 finc' days (to use his n— ",ose enrlj lived nith" cxl" e.-simi) he had wPi ...ut G.ul in the world; but lie ..1 to muck John Wesley, and was I converted by the nhite-liaied patriarch I and remained to pray. Afterwards he became ouo of 1I10 earnest, selfJenying, nuieli-iibiis-d baud of itinerantprcachers who went foith under Wesley's direction to -prend abroad a mure earnest and prac tical spirit of religion. Ilis rambler and travels were of use to htm. Tliey exten ded his knowledge of the circumstances 111 which men arc sometimes p-aced, and enlarged his sympathy with the tried and temped His sympa' hy, combined with h 0 thoughtful experience cf fourscore years, made him cognisant of many of the strange secrets uf hninanity ; and when younger preachers upbraided the hard hearts they met with, and despaired of the sinners, he "suffered long, slid was kind". When Eleanor Gwynn lay low on her death-bed, David Hughes came to Pen-Morfa. He knew her history, and sought Iter our. To him she imparled the >eelings I have detcrihed. "I have lost my faith, David. — The tempter has come, aitd 1 have yielded. 1 doubt if tny prayers have been heard. Day and night have I prayed that 1 might comfort ray child in het great sorrow ; but God has not heard me Sbe has turned away from me, and re fused my poor love. I wish to die now; but I have lust ray faith, and have no more pleasure in the thought of goiug to God. What must I do, David?" She hung upon his answer; and it was lung in coming. "I am weary of eirth," said she, mournfully, "and can I find rest indenth even, leaving my child deso\ e and broken-hearted ?"' "Eleanor," said David, "where yon go, all things will bo made clear; and you will lam 10 thank God for the end of what now seems previous and heave'- to be borne. D j you think your ng-my hasjbi-en grea ter than the awful agony in the Garden or your prayers more earnest than that which He prayed 111 that hour when the great drops of blood ran down his face like sweat? We know tint God heard Him, although 110 answer came to Him, through the dread silence of that ni.lit. God's timas arc not our times. I have lived eighty and one years, and never yet have I kuown an earnest prayer fab to the ground unheeded. In an unknown way, and when no one looked for if, may be, the answer came; a fuller, moo. satisfying answer than heart could con ceive of although it might be different to what was expected. Sistei' you are going where in His light you will see light; yoo will lea n there that in very i.nth fn ' ness he his afflicted you!' "Go on — y u strengthen me, ' said site. After David Hughes left that day, Eleanor was calm as one already dead, and past mortal strife, Nest was awed by the change. No more passionate weeping — no more sorrow in the voice ; though it was low and weak, it sounded with a sweet composure. Her Inst look was a smilo ; lier last word a blessing. Nest tearless, stretched out tho poor worn body. She laid a plate with salt upon it on tho breast, and lighted cnndlcs for the head and feet. It was an old Welsh custom ; but when David Hughes came in, the sight carried him baeli to the time win 11 lie had seen tho chapels in some oil Catholic cathedral. Nest sat gazing on the dead with dry hot eyes ' She is dead,' said David, solomnly, 'she died in Christ.1 Let us bless God, my child. Ho giveth and Ho taketh away!' ' She is dead,' said Nest, .' my mother is dead. No one loves me now.' She spoke as if she were thinking aloud, for she did not look at David, or ask him to be seated. 'No one loves you now? No human creature, you mean. You are not yet fit to be spoken to concerning God's infi nite love. I, like you, will speak of love for human creatures. I tell you, if 110 one loves you, it is time for you to begin to love.' He sp ike almost se verely (if David Hug' es ever did) ; for, to tell the truth, lie was repelled by her hard rejection of her mother's tender ness, about which the neighbours had told him. ' Hegin to love ! ' said she, her eyes flashing. ' Have I not loved ? Old man, you arc dim and worn-out, You do not remember what love is.' She spoke with a scornful kind of pitying endurance. ' I will tell you how I loved, by telling you the change it lias wrought in me. I was once the beautiful Nest Gwynn ; 1 11111 now a cripple, a poor, wan-faeed cripple, old before my time. That is a change ; at least people think so.' She paused, and then spoke lower. ' I tell j you, David Hughes, the outward change is as nothing compared to the change in ni' nature caused by the love 1 have felt — and have had rejected. I was gentle once, and if you spoke a tender word, my heart came, towards you as natural as a little child goes to its mammy. I never spoke roughly, cvon to tho dumb crea tures, fir I had a kind feeling for all Of late (since I loved, old man), I have been cruel in my thoughts to every one. I havo turned away from tenderness with bitter indifference. Listen ! ' sho spoke in it hoarso whisper. ' I will own it. I have spoken hardly to her,' poin ting towards tho corpse, ' Iler who was ever patient, and full of love for me. She 3id not know," she muttered,' she is gono to the grave without knowing, how I loved her — I had such strange, mad, s ubborn pride in mo.' ' Come back, mother! Gome lack,' said she, crying wildly, to tho still, solemn corpse ; ' 001110 back as a spirit or a ghost — only coma back, that I may tell you how I have loved you.' Hut the dead never come back. The passionate adjuration ended in tears — the first she had shed. When they ceased, or wore absorbed into long quivering sobs, David knelt down. Nest did not kneel, but bowed her head, Jle prayed, while his own tears fell fast, lie rose up. They were both calm. ' Nost,' said he, ' your love has been the love of youth ; passionate, wild, natural to youth. Henceforward you i' must love like Christ; without thought of self, or wish for return. You must take tho sick and the weary to .jfour I heart and lovo them. That love will lift you up abovo the storms of the world into God's owu pcaco. The very volte- iiieueo of your nature proves that you aic capable of this. I do not pity you. You do not require pity. You are powerful enough to trample down your own sorrows into a blessing for others ; and to others you will be a blessing; 1 sec it before you; I seo 111 it tho answer to your mother's prayer.' The old man s dim eyes glittered as if they saw a vision ; the fire-light sprang up and glinted 011 his long white hair. Nest was awed as if she saw a prophet, and a prophet he was, to her. When David Hughes came to I'cn- Morfa, lie asked about Nest Gwyntt, with a hovering doubt as to the answer. The inu-folk told him she was lUitig still in the cottage, which was now her own. 'Hut would you bclievo it, David,' said Mrs Thomas, ' sho lias gono and taken Mary Williams to live with her ? You remember Mary Williams, I'm sura ' Nol David Hughes romcrabcrcd no Mary Williams at Pen-Morfa. ' You must havo seen her, for I know you've called at Thomas Griffiths', where the parish boarded lier V 'You don't mean tho half wittcd- Woman — tho poor crazy creature !' ' But I do !' said Mrs Thomas. ' I have seen her sure enough, but I never thought of learning her name. And Nost Gwyn has taken her to live with lier.' 'Yes! I thought I should surprise you. She might have had many 11 de cent girl for companion. My own niece, her that is an orphan, would havo gone nnd been thankful. Besides, Mary Wil liams is n regular savage at times ; John Griffiths says thero were days when he used to beat her till she bowled again, and yet she would not do as lie told her Nay, once, he says, if he had uot seen her eyes glare like a wild beast, from under tho shadow of the table where she had takeu shelter, and got pretty quickly out of her way, she would have flown upon him nnd throttled him. Ho gave Nest fair warning of what she must expect, and lie thinks some day she will be found murdered.' David Hughes thought awhile. ' IIow came Nest to take he" to live .< ith her 7 asked he. "Well! Folk say John Griffiths did not give her enough to cat. Half-wit they toll me, take more to feed them than tellers, and Ehanor Gwynn h d gi ven her oatcake and porridge a time or two, and most kh dly to her (you know Eleanor spoke kind to all), so some months ago, witen John Grifii lis had bren beating her, and keeping her with out food to try nml to t me lier, she ran away atid cime to Nest's cottage in the dead tf night, all shivering and stnrvcd, for she did not know Eleanor was dead and thought to meet with kindness fiotn her, I've no doubt ; and Nest remem bered how her mother used to feed and CUIIHUri LIU |i«»ui I'HUI, «i»w HI'I'C IK'f some groel, wrapp d her up by the fire. And in the morning when J :hn Griffiths came in- search of Mary, he found ! er with Nest and Mary wailed so piteous!)- st the sight of him, that Nest « ont 'o the parish officers and off-reil to take ner to board with her for the same mo ney they gave to him. John says t'.ia iie «aj right glad to be off his bargain." David Hughes knew there was a kind of remorse which sought rrlief in the performance of tho mo>t difficult and repugnant tasks. He thought he c.iuid understand how, in her bitter repentance for h'r conduct towards her mother. Nest had taken in the first helpless crea ture that came s -eking shelter in her name. It was not what he won hi have chosen, but he knew it was God thai had sent the poor wandering idiot there He went lo see Nt-st the next moi- ning. As he drew near the cotinge — it was summer tune, and the doors uik' windows were all open — he heard an angry, passionate kind of sound that was scarcely human. That sound pre vented his approach from being heard ; and standing on t he threshold. he saw poor Mary IVilliauis pacing backward and forwards in some wild mood. Nest cripled as she was, was walk ing with her, speaking low soothing words, till the pace was slack- ened, and tim-- and breaming was given 0 pot her a-m a'oil'id the crazy wo man's neck, and sooth lier by this tpnder caress into the quiet luxury of tears; tears which give the hot brain relief Then David IIugh>s came in. His first words, as lie took off li s hat, sta idi g mi ihe lintel, were — " The peace of God be upon Ibis house." Neither lie nor Nest recurred to the past; though sole'"n reco'lcctioiis filled their minds. Befo e tie went, all three knelt and prayed; for, as Ne t told him, 3ome mysterious influ ence of peace earns over the po >r linit- wit-,' 111 nd when she heard the holy words of prater; and often when she felt a paroxysm coming on, she would kmel and repeat a homi y rapidly over, at if it w-ere a charm to scare away the Demon in possess oil; sometimes, indeed, the j control over h- rself requisite for this ; effort was enough to dispel he (tottering burst. When David rose op to go lie drew Nost to the door. .'You are not afraid, my child?" asked he- "No" she replied. "She is often very- good and quiet. When sho is not, 1 can beur it "I shall seo your face on eailh ne more sdd he. "God bless you ! " He went on his way. Nut many weeks after, David Hughes was borne to bis grave. The doors of Nest's henrt were opened — open---! wid- by the love she grew lo feel for crazy Mary.s.j helpless ,0 friendless, so dependent on her. Mary loved lwr back again, as a dumb animal loves its blind master. It was happiness enough to he near her. To go ernl she wns only too glad 10 Co what she was bidden by Nest. Bui lliere wen- times when Mary was overpowered by the glooms and fancies of lier poor disordered brain. Fearful times ! No one knew how feirfnl. fin those (lavs, N sl warned the little children who loved lo come and play around lier, that they must not visit the house. The signal was a pi- ce of whim 1 in ii limig "ir of a aide-, w.mlow. O.i those day ihe sorrowful and sick waited in vain for the sound of Nest's lame approach. But what she had to endure was only known to God, for sho ncor complained. If she hac given up the charge of Mary, or if th neighbours Iril risen out ot love nnd care for her life, to compel such a s'cp she know what Imid curses and blows — what starvation and mis.ry, would await die poor creature. . .Spe told of Mary's docility and her nffec- lion, nnd Iter innocent little sayings; Init she never told the details of the occasion al days of wild disorder and driving in sanity. Ner.t g:ew oil before lier time, in con sequence of iter accident. Site knew that she was as old at fifty as many arc at se venty. She knew it partly by the vivid ness with which the icmcmb auce of the -lays of lier youth came luck t" her mind, while the evnts of yesterday were dim and forgotten. She dreamt of lier girlhood tunl youth. In sleep she was once more the beautiful Nest Gwynn, the admired of nil beholders, the light-hearted girl, beloved by lier mother. Linle cireutn- stnncer connected with those early days, forgotten since the very time when th')' orciiried, came back lo her mind, in her waking hours. She had a scar 011 till pallll of her left hand, orcasioneil hy the iall ol a branch of a tree, when she was a child; it had not pained her sine.- the first two days nf;cr t lie accident; hut now it began to hurt her slightl) ? nnd clear tn hei ears was the crackling sound oft lit! treacherous, rending wood; distinct 1 c- t fo;e her r ise the presence of her mother tenderly binding up the wound. With these remembrances came a longing de sire to see the j beautiful fatal well, once more before her death. She had never gene so fal sinre the day when, by her fafl th.ro, she 1.-st mve. and hope, an I her bright glad youth She vermeil to lock n pun its wa ters once again. She told it to poor c a- zy M 111 y. | "Mary " said she, " I waot to eo to the Rock Weil. If you v.id help me, I can manage it. There used to be many a stone in the Do! M .wr on which I. could sir. and rest. W«> wiJ go to-morrow morning before folks are astir." Mary answered briskly ' Up up ! To the Reck Well! Mary will go. M'ry 1 Will go." All dry long she kept mut tering to herself, " Mary will go,' | Nest had the happK3t dream that niglr. II-.- mother stood beside lier — not in the flesh, but in the brigat gl iry of a M-ss d spirit. And Nest was 1 no longer young — neither was alio old — "they reckon not by days, nor ( years where she was gone to dwell ;' and her mother stretched out her arms to ' Iter with u calm look of welcome. She awoke; the woorllark was singing in the I near copse ; the little birds were astir,' and rustling in their native nests. Nest j arose, and ailed Maty. The two sot out through the quiet lane They went along slowly and silently. With many a pau-e they crossed the Load Dol Mawr ; and j carefully descended the sloping stones, ' on which 110 trace remained of the linn- j dreds of fo, t that had passed overtliem since Nest was lust there. The clear wa- ' tcr sparkled and quivered in the early . sun-light-, the shadows of the birch-leaves ( were stirred on the ground ; the ferns — Nest could have believed that they . were the same ferns which she had seen thirty years before, hung wet and drip-1 ping where the water over-flowed — a thrush chanted matins from the holly ' bush near — and the running stream ' ma-lc a low, soft, sweet ..ecompanimont. All was the s me; nature was us fresh1 and young as ever. It might have been yesterday that Edward Williams had overtaken lier, and to d her his love — tho thought of his words — his handsome looks — (lie was a grey hard featured man by this ' time), aud then she re. -ailed the fatal wintry morning when joy and youth had 1 fled; and as she remembered that faint- 1 ness of pain, a new, a real f-rintuess — no echo of the memory — eiiine over her. She ' leant lier back against a rock, without a ' moan or sigh, and died ! She found im- j mortality by the well side, instead of her ( fragile perishing youth. She was so calm anil plaeid that Mary (who had been dip- j ping her lingers in tho well, to see the ' waters drop utfin the gleaming sun-light) thought she was a.-leep, and for some time continued her amusement in silence. I At last she turned and said, | 'Mary is tired. Mary wants tu go home.' Nest did not speak, though tho idiot repeated her plaintive words. She stood and looked till a strange terror j came over lier — a terror too mysterious ' to bo borne. j 'Mistress, wake! Mistress, wake!' she i said, wildly, shaking the form. Hut Nest did not awake. And ttic first person wh > came 10 the well that in.un-' tng found crazy Mary sitting awe-struck hy the poor dead Nest. T:,ty had to gtt lh«- poor creature away by Ib-ce, b-.-f. re ; 1 1 -> \ cuiiM rnnove t e body. Ma y is in Tre- Maine workhouse ; they tr at lie- p-etfl.V k'n.ily , and in gen. oral she is good and ractable. Occa- nirlly -he old paroxisms come on ; arid for a time she is unmanag: able. But some one thought of speaking to Iter it- bout Nest. She tood arrested ait-e name ami si see then, it is astonoihing lo see what e fforts sbe makes to cuib her in sanity ; atid when the dread time is past, Bhe creeps up to the matron, and says, "Maty has tri-d lo he good. Will G,d let her go lo Nest now? 