REPORT OF THE OPINIONS OF THE CLERGY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA ON THE ' MINUTES OF PRO CEEDINGS OF THE AUSTRALASIAN BISHOPS,' AT SYDNEY, IN OCTOBER, 1850. To the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop op Adelaide. Chapter House, Adelaide, February 5th, 1851. . My Lord — We, the Clergy of the Diocese of Adelaide, having deliberated, at your Lordship's suggestion, upon the ' Minutes of Proeeedincs at a meeting of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops of the Province of Australasia, held at^ Sydney in Ootober last,' have now the honour of sub mitting, for your Ix-rdship's consideration, our views and opinions thereon, as embodied in the following propositions. Though unfortunately under the necessity of differing from your Lordship on many points, we trust that our manner of doing so will be deemed unexceptionable. We are persuaded that we only do justice to the Chief Pastors of the Australasian Churches by giving them credit for a sincere and earnest desire to advance the interests of true religion in .their respective Dioceses. As Presbyters and Deacons of the Church of England, we must claim to be considered no less desims of securing the attainment of tho greafends of the Church's institution It was not thought necessary to remark upon those matters contained in tfte' ' Minutes' 'which are determined by the Rubrics; referred to the decision of the Ordinary; or, judging from tne general usages in the mother country, left to the discretion of each individual clergyman. Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity on minor or trivial matters would, -it is to be feared, not only fail in its object, but would tend to engender strife and evil sur nrisings. The Church needs rest. May its Chief Pastors be endued with ^he spirit of wisdom, power, love, and of a sound mind ; and may we all-clergy and Laity — be atylnply enabled to maintain the faith ' in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life.' ^~ Propositions above referral to. ? ' 1\. That our proceedings may be liiade public. 2.' That we proceed to the consideration of the 'Minutes' teriatim ; omitting, however, all discussion upon the ques tion of baptismal regeneration, except to affirm on the pro priety or otherwise of-its introduction into the ' Minutes.' 3\. That we regard the meeting of the Bishops respec tively of Sydney, Tasmania, New Zealand, Adelaide, New castle, and Melbourne, simply as a voluntary assembling of the Chief Pastors of the Australasian Dioceses, to confer upon matters affecting the interests of the Church. 4\. That while we approve mainly of the objects on which the Bishops proposed to consult-^as specified in Section I. — we cannot refrain from expressing regret that, as they had not conferred with their respective Clergy before their meeting, they should have forwarded their ' Minutes ' to England, with a view, it is presumed, to Imperial Legis lation, without previously submitting them to the Clergy and Laity of their respective Dioceses. Future Synods and Conventions. 5\. That adverting, to chap, iii., ' On Future Synods and Conventions,' we are of opinion that it would be preferable for the Clergy and Laity to meet in one Assembly or Con vention, consisting of every licensed Presbyter having cure of souls, and one or more Laymen, chosen by and out of the members of each congregation, in full communion, and prc ?ided over by the Bishop of the Diocese. Subdivison of Dioceses and Nomination of Bishops. 6\. That the fright and power of Her Most' Gracious Ma jesty to subdivide tho Australasian Dioceses and to nominate Bishops thereto has hitherto been wisely and beneficially exercised, and ought for the present to lie retained intact ; and that, should a period arrive when it should be deemed expedient that Her Majesty should relinquish the right of nominating to Colonial Sees,' we are of opinion that, accord ing to ancient usage, such right of nomination should be vested in the Clergy of the Dioceso over which the Bishop is to preside. Church Membership. Minute. — On a discussion of the phi-awe ' duly baptized,' it was understood that the word ' duly ' was in tended to be explained by the words* following, viz.— 'with water, in the name of the Father, ? Son, and Holy Ghost,' and not to refer to the person baptizing. DISCIPLINE. uiergy. 7\. That, as the Australasian Bishops ' disclaim ' tho right, power, or wish 'to suspend or revoke, at their own dis cretion, the licences of Clergymen,' we are of opinion that the licences to incumbencies should, as far as posaible, be in the same form of words as those issued to incumbents in England, and not revocable at ' pleasure.' 8\. That it is desirable there should be a power of depriving Clergy, convicted of immorality or heresy, of their incum bencies. Status of Clergy. 9\. That we view with some degrae-of -fewrand -disappro- bation the desire of the Australasian Bishops to license Clergymen to charges of a ' temporary nature,' and the wish expressed by them 'that candidates for Holy Orders ' 11 should place themselves ' entirely ' at the disposal of their Bishop for some definite term of years, and leave to him the responsibility of appointing and changing their station during such period;': — as we believe, such a policy, if general, would, under present circumstances, be injurious to the maintenance of mental independence, doctrinal purity, and pastoral fidelity among the junior Clergy, and would bo inimical to their domestic comfort and general usefulness. 10\. That it is of the utmost importance to the respecta bility, influence, and efficiency of the clerical body in this Diocese to keep up, as far as possible, the standard of se cular and theological learning for candidates for Holy Orders which is required by the Bishops at home. 11\. That, under present circumstances, it is not desi rable to admit to the Diacenate, for the sen-ice of the Church in this Diocese, persons whose previous position in the colony would materially impair their influence. 12\. That, for the due preservation of order and harmony, it is desirable that no Deacon or Catechist should be intro duced into any district already under the care of a Pres byter, but on the nomination of such Presbyter to whom the said Deacon or Catechist should be subordinate. LITURGY. Marriage of persons neither of whom belongs to the Church. 13\. That whereas up to a recent period no marriages of ! Dissenters in England were legal unless celebrated ac cording to the rites and ceremonies of the Established Church, | and whereas at the present time the majority of Dissenting marriages are so celebrated in the mother-conntry, we arc of opinion that no Australasian Clergymen ought to refuse to marry any parties who may apply to him, though they be not members of our communion. Ministering to Dissenters. 14\. That, while we are relieved from any legal 'obliga- | tion' 'to perform religious services for persons who are not | members of our Church,' yet, to guard against any miscon ception, we desire to express our readiness to afford our ministerial offices, as far as in us lies, to any who may need or desire them. MufOTE.— We deem it inexpedient to express an opinion on some points touched upon in chapter vii., as we be lieve these points must be left, to a certain extent, to the discretion of the Officiating Minister. We feel bound, however, to remark that in section 9, letter d, no mention is made of marriages to be so lemnized on certificate from the Registrar's Office ; but we cannot suppose that it is intended by such omission to condemn the solemnization of such marriages by Ministers of our Church. We desire also to express the difficuly we are under of understanding what is meant by the ad vice of the Bishops to repel from the Holy Com munion, persons who have married within the prohibited degrees ' until. they have repented and be reformed.' . . ? Holy Baptism. 15\. That the introduction by the Australasian Bishops of the question of Holy Baptism into their 'Minutes'.1 was uncalled for and injudicious; that the construction put by them upon the ' Creed, Articles, and Liturgy,' with respect to this subject, would, if imposed, be tantamount to a new article of faith ; and that the dogmatical determination of a question which has ever been practically considered an open one, virtually narrows the terms of communion with our Church. ( Education. I 15. That, whilst desirous of seeing a school established in connection with every church in this colony t- we shall lw prepared to regard favourably any system of education in which the Bible shall be the basis of the instruction given. Missions. 17\. That we hail with great satisfaction the establish ment of the Australasian Board of Missions, in connection with out Church, with, a view to the conversion of the aboriginal inhabitants of Australasia: and the Isles of the Western Pacific; and we earnestly hope and pray that such measures May be adopted and carried out by its mem bers as may be crowned with the Divine blessing. JAMES FARKELL, Dean of Adelaide, and \- :'. ? -? Incumbent' of Trinity. WILLIAM JOHN WOODCOCK, Canon of Adelaide, and Incumbent of '???'.? ChristoUurch. . THEODORE PERCTVAL WTLRON, Ganoa ? of Adelaide, and Indumbentof St. . . John's. . W. H. COOMBS, Incumbent of St. George's, Gawler. JOHN .CHARLES BAGSILU^, lncf&ibcnt; of St. MarkjS, Pcnwortham: ARTHUR B. BURNETT, Presbyter, .Incuim bent of St. Stephen's, Willungai JOHN 'WATSON, Incumbent of St. Mat thew's, Kensington. JOHN W. SCHOALES, AiB., T.C.D., Officii ?' ' ating Minister, llacgill. JOHN FULFORD, Deacon, Incumbent of St. Mary's, Sturt, and Christ-, church, O'Halloran Hill. E. K. MILLER, Deacon, Head Master of Pultenev-strcct School, and As sistant Minister of Cbristchurch, ? North Adelaide. SAML. PERCY RICHD. ALLOM, Secoud Master St. Peter's Collegiate School. THE LORD BISHOP'S ASSWEK. Claremont, February 6, 1851. My dear Mr Farrell — I return for publication the reso lutions and opinions arrived at by the clergy on the Minutes of the 'Conference at Sydney, which on my return I submit ted for their consideration. They appear to me to be cha racterized by a calm and serious spirit, which, under the circumstances of excitement lately prevailing, is peculiarly gratifying. Shonld Her Gracious Majesty, as supreme head of the Church of England, authorize the Clergy and Laity of the Australasian Dioceses to frame their own ecclesi astical polity, subject to her approval; and should it be deemed advisable to depart on any point from the existing constitution of the Enerlish Church. I trust that the nattern « other reformed rrotcstant and Episcopal Churches will be bllowed, and the relations of the Bishops, Clergy, and Laity, is set forth in the Scriptures, carefully preserved. I remain, yours very truly, Augustus Adelaide. The Very Rev. tyean Farrell. ? „. ,.; . Extract of a letter from the Bishop of Melbourne to th« Bishop of Adelaide, dated Melbourne, 2nd January, 1851 i~ 'The retrospect of your visits both to 'Melbourne, 'and Sydney will be, 1 trust, neither unpleasant nor unprofitable. It was a great privilege to be permitted, as we were, to tako counsel with one another on so many important matters, and still more to find that, among some differences of opinion, there was so much substantial agreement and so great har mony of feeling. In looking back upon the Conference I am Ailed with wonder and thankfulness at the fact that six Bishops of our Church, appointed to preside over contiguous Dioceses, should have discussed subjects of such a nature as those which came under our consideration with so great good temper, and mutual forbearance, and kindliness. When we reflect upon the asperity and bitterness of feeling, which rccentevents have stirred up in England, 1 think that the har mony of our Conference is to be regarded as an omen of good to our Church — a proof of the Lord's special favour to wards us.' 