RELATIVE VALUE OF GOLD AND SILVER. As our Akstaulian mineral discoveries will keep up excitement in Europe, and perhaps lead to the adoption of a double standard in England, we present the following 'from the correspondent of an Eglilsh paper, of some authority: Gold and pilver have not received their value by being coined, but they are coined, because from the remotest antiquity they were considered as valuable and desirable objects. By their ap proaching nearest . to indestructability; by their being found, when pure, invariably of one and tie same quality ; by their small bulk and easy divisibilty; they have offelred them selves in preference as the standard merchandise b~y which to appreciate the value of all dther things. . To value of gold, as-compared to silver, agreeable to the English standard, is at present liko 3 to 43, showing that it is consideo edto take as much labour to produce 3 lbs. of gold as 43 lbs. of silver. It has been often argued that money is only a sign for value, a proposition to which we cannot agree, except as tar as regards paper money, or ii such cases where the nominal value of the coined.motal or moneyaisaabove the.xreal market; value of the metal.as forinstainco -isth case with. the copper coins in England: such differ ence between nomniinl 'and real value may be called a sign of value. For nattillia money being coined at its intrinsic cost, is as much valne it self, as coffee, sugar, ore any, other description of merchalidise, such value being estimated by or representing such labour as has been bestowed on its'productein,. or by the more or less abundance in which it may. be met with ; bosh definitions coming to the same conclusion, since more labour and time is to be expended in searching after a scarce article,.Tfor instance " diamonds," than after another which may be as abundant as " coals." - This value may occasionally be altered by the greater or lesser demand for one description of metal in preferenceo to the other, but in thes long run only the expouco of labour will regulate the price. It is impossible that this relative value (applied to gold and ;silver), being dependent oni the greater or lesser labour bestowed on its produc tion, could be altered by such metals being coined, for such proposition would invert the logic of the case. With reference to the existing law, your solu tion of the question, What is a'ounnd? is quite correct. It required no ghost fromn the grave, no arithmetical formula, or elaborate illustration of any kin], to prove that if an oence of gold be £3 17s 10d, 5 dlts, 3 grains and a fraction must be the proportionate weight or quantity applicable to or denoted by £1. But you have forgot that we have by the present law a silver pound as well us a gold pound, and that for all payments of 40s or under,. the silver pound is a d tender as well as the gold pound. Origi ally the money pound and the pound troy were identical; a pound weight of silver was coined into 20s.. In the reign of Elizabeth it was coined into 62s. Under the law of 1816 and 1819 it is coined.into 66s. If, when at 62s the troy pound, or 5s 2d the ounce, the relative value of gold to silver was £3 17s 10d; the relative value when coined at 5s Gd the "ounce, or 66s the pound; ought to be£4 ls or thereby, andnot £3 17s 10d. It is on account of this discrepancy, indeed, tiat our sliver coins are not a legal teoder for all sums above 40s, as well as gold sovereigns. But at 5s 2d an ounce, silver ought to be a legal tender as well iis gold, for sums of any amount, and surely. it :is a great inconsistency and ano maly in the law which prevents it, and s?ays, " No, gold alone at the rate of 5.dwts. 3 gramns for overy pounmd shall be the' legal tenlder." There seems-little doubt that pi?blio opinion'will compel:tlti::adoption of a double standard in En? and., 