TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OF CAMDEN. Per favour of the People's Advocate. G£NiLWMKN,—WilI you pardon the presumption of a fellow- elector, to ask a einpls question ?. Will you be slaves or will you bo freemen ? Now is your time to show independence, and show the Aristoorats of Australia that you imbibe some of the spirit of your unoestcrs, and that you will and must get your rights. I have been induced to ask this question through witnessing the proceed logs of the meeting at Pioton, on Thursday, the 12 :h instant, seeing how forgetful you were to all sense or feeling of the la'te inult oflT-jred you by your la'e representative Mr. M'Arthur, Will ysu again return the man who voted to hive prisoners brought to your shores ; — the man who would again ereot the triaogle and ply the lash, on the soil that has not as yet recovered its natural bus, from the blood with which it was saturated ? Ay, blood whioh was shed by the domineering spirit of the despots of yout days, and whioh I, am sure is fresh io some of your recollections that you ma y plainly gee tnat Mr. M'Arthur would still pin his lordly opinion to bis sleeve, and keep it marked on his note book for his own fitting opportunity, and then toll you that he went into' council unshackled. He tells you plainly and candidly that be will nut join the League. With Mr, M4 Art bur's character, as a gentleman,, i have no fault : as a landlord he may be very good ; hut what Iia9 that to do with public or political matters? What would oe your character now amongst the uations of the earth vara it not for the upright, spirited, and eloquent exertions ot that gentleman — who can boast his desceut from Regal blood, (the Attorney -Gans-ral) and his colleagues —and to whom you and your postari'y will bo toe ever indebted? Will you. now return the uiao who would thus trim pie on your feelings You will yet regret it You. will be like the nobleman who voted for the union, and, when passing the Parliament House in Dublin, some time after, he rc- u» irked to a certain man that he felt very melancholy wheu passing , there ; ' Ah 1 my Lird, it is natural for murderers to be in dreac of ghosts," was the reply, 1 hope you will consider in due time, and choose yoqr represen tative, and not be in dread of ghosts i( you murder the rising liberty of your country by strangling it in its cradle, and then peril ap8„to do following, the hearse with tears unpitied,and branded with tae infamous name of traitors. Might I be permitted to ask Mr. M'Arthur how will he recon cile his vote on the Educational question to fair and impartial legislation? Can lie reconcile is to religious freedom — to iernl his vote to wubhuld £800 of their portion iroeis the Catholics ? Would you not scout from your society the loan who would rob you of eigh-peuoe : and yet you would e eet the tnan who would rob the Oathjitoj, wholesale, of £8l)0. He may tell you that he will sup port Education on the. National ..system, but I defy the best . teacher in itio Colony to give instruction under the National system, or to give free vent to his intellects. I speak from expsrienoe, uitd I think that most of the teachers of the Colony will agree with me that it is impossible to give proper instruction under the National Bysiem. 1 will return to this subject again if required— tahd when a lutlo more at ieisurp.- With regard to the extension df the Elective Frnobise, has Mr. M'Arthur sat;sfac- lorily explained to you his views or his intentions ? Docs be not deprecate, the Vote by Ballot, and tell you that he thinks the Franchise extended enough at present? Follow electors, when you maturely take these matters into your serious cons deration, aad study the weighty subject yoa have at stake, you will, 1 am confident, shudder at the idea of choosing, as your representative, a niin who could place on your forehead the brand of slave; if you do, bo sure that your postority will execrate yon in your graves. When a man does an injury to his neighbour or fellow man, is it not to bo expocted that he would maks restitution before the deed is forgiven; is Mr. M'Arthur now ready to. lend his assistance to get restitution for the £600 so unjustly withheld from the Catholics ? — 1 doubt it. 1 do mean at present to cast any redactions on you, although your conduct io Picton appeared very ridioulous, when yon mustered in Mr. M Arthurs brigade ol postillions, grooms, outriders, scullions, stockmen, &?. &c.; ; and they bciiug accustomed, no doubt, to remain uncovered in the presence of tna.r lordly master, that the moment he appeared cn th» stage, they seemed to take use as second nature, that they all took off their hats, and the moment they did so the electors did the same. I was really galled to see men, who boast their inde pendence as freemen, bring themselves so much ou the level of slaves. 1 hops the act was not followed by auy serious conse quence. Slavery being a thing to which men will not voluntarily submit, it follows of ecurae that slavery is impossd by human- power— there must be men to enslave men ; and as we are all born j with nearly the same physical strength, the number of slaves! mast be always less than the number of enslavers, else ihe slaves! vou,d deserve their degradation if they did cot regain their ' freedom.. Now, your freedom is put into your own bands, and : you acetn willing to surrender- it to those who would enslave you ; Fellow- electors — as I crave your patience and attention — it inayj not be out place to ask you. do you thiuk that Vote by Ballot has: any tendency to sla.ery?. Is not all wealth arrived from labour "?: and yet you would select, as yoar representative, the man who would, by denying yoa this, keep you in slavery. Are not the peasantry and laborers the sinews and marrow of any nation, and yet ..xhey dare not claim the privilege ot raising their voice in tbs return of the representatives of their Members of Council. Those feiea will tell you that you are free m«n, while they are devising means tb cast around your necks the- chains of slavery, and you, children yet unborn will feel the effects of your supm'eneev If 1 am not mistaken 1 think there are some auiongst .you who arc. members of the Anti-Transportation Lisgue, and ht me ask in j the name of -common reason, how you can vote for Mr.JSA'Artburi Hoping that these fe« observations will call ycu to a sense of: ymr i\ A I stnscri'ae my nil - .) , 4 A' FEELOW-ELEGTOB. 