CAN GREAT BRITAIN SUPPORT ANO THER GREAT WAR. TeEns is a quaker in London of the name of Gurney, the leading partner in the great firm of Overend, Gurney and Co. This firm is a kind of -rivate banking and bill discounting one, and in its own line iha scarcely a rival, for its wealth and the magnitude of its transactions. Mr Gurney is well known as an actively benevolent man, and being, like all quakers, a great advo cate of peace, he zealously supports whatever will promote it. On one occasion he roundly de clared, that Great Britain could not support another great war-that in fact, its national debt amounted to giving security in eight hun dred millions sterling to keep the peace in future. With reference to this, an English paper ad mits that it takes a great deal to ruin a nation almost as much effort as to make one. A people have a recuperative energy about them wlhich sustains and survives the shocks of a thousand disasters. We doubt, indeed, whether any amount of mere external calamity or physical misfortune will destroy a state. Like a tree, it may be cut down level to the earth, every branch loped, the stem itself brought to the sword's edge-yet, if the root be left with its sap and life, green shoots will grow up again. It is only when a rot and canker gets into the roots- when the moral enermy, and the vital heroism, the sense of duty, and the love of virtue die off, that all hope of a country, may be given up. But while it admits all this, it rebukes the statists, who, at the present moment in England are making a great parade with their figures about the returning and reviving prosperity of the country. "There is no thing," observed Canning, "so fallacious as figures, except, perhaps, it be facts." Econo mists and statists collect their tables, and parade their returns. They call aloud to the country, " My soul take thine ease !" They have their joke about those, according to whom "England lhas been to be ruined any time theso 200 years." They quiz the " Croakers," as they designate those who are more inclined to trust their eyes, understanding, and observation, than to mere tabulated statements, and prosperity upon paper. Logic is not always reason. Rule thrce political syllogisms are always at the fingers' ends of Chancellors of Exchequer. Mr. G. R. Porter, the Secretary of the Board of Trade, has been quite the lion of the Edinburgh Session of the Bri.tik Association, by doing a little in the Prosperity Robinson line. Like Mr. Hudson, hehas made the shareholders in the nation "quite comfortable." Ledru Rollin hasn't the ghost of a chance in his hands. Without any "cooking of the accounts," we are assured we are all happier, richer, more prosperous, moral, and intelligent, than over we were. Although monopolies, Corn-laws, protective duties, entail, primogeniture, currency bills, and statutes of navigation were devised expressly to make the rich richer, and the poor poorer, it is asserted by the olticial exponent of the benefits of Free Trade, that protection and monopoly had no such result, and that under that economical dis pensation, wealth has become more equally dif fused, the poor have become richer, the miiddle classes have clung to mediocrity of condition, and the rich have not maintained their own. Ins short, according to Mr. Porter and his statistics, the British Constitution is a realised Utopia, and we are fast lhasteninrr on to a new Atalantis The conclusion wshrich the writer of the pre ceding arrives at is, that England has reached the ultimate of taxation, and' cannot therefore support another great war. We have daily proof I that we are progressively less able to bear taxa tion. When Baring increased, by 5 and 10 per cent. the fiscal duties and direct taxes, it wac discovered that the additional impost yielded no enlargement of revenue whatever, thereby prov ing that the nation had reached at the sum of £52,000,000, the maximum of its practicable powers of yielding taxes. Mr Gurney, who should know something of our financial position, declares that we are not capable of sustaining the harden of another war, and that any very sensible increase in our expenditure would en danger, if not destroy the security of the national creditor. 