MINING INTELLIGENCE (From the Bathurst Free Free) On Saturdsy last the town wss all tiustla with Sydn-y merchants, equipages and gold dig. ge-s, 8 -me «l the latter having hern more successful than their neigh'.ours, had come into town lo turn tln-lr gold into negotiable mnnpv. Mnnv nnrrnU r li n n truA l>un<la In it. courso nf the day. The most intere ting transaction of the day in every point of v ew was the s-le of 7iln. 3|.x. !ielnng:ng to a company of four men of go-d character. Of this quantity 40; ozs was In one solid picrc, which was picked out of the earth by a paor hut lion-'st Scot of the name of Henderson. We learn from a gentleman who was near at the time when the goldrn prize was first per ceived by Henderson, that he wns struck both speechless and powerless, anil fell prostrate on the earth This piece is The la-g. st which Ins ) et heen discovered. In shape it is an irr> gu- lar oblong, murli of the -lnpe of a shoulder of mutton wi-li h transverse d.nni'ter of 5 inches | and a conjugate of 4 A h rn it 1 - r piece wut I found shortly afiertvards. about 4 inohes long by 2J Inches broad and weighing 8 on, B-sides these were several sir.niler lumps weighing in all 22 inak-ng a total of 7lhs 3Ioz. which whs purchased hy Capta-n Hindson of Sydney, Ht tlie |nle of £3 4- 61 p-r ounce. A ell que for £282 3s was hand ed in our presence to the worthy Stotrhman, who appeared as if li- could har.-ly ur-d- r- Htaodthis sudden stroke of good fortune. Henderson's company had been at work four days, anil con-i-ted of four men, A party consisting of Messrs H iwkins, Lane and others eight in number, di-pos-d of tli-i r gold en rrop a'so on Salurdav lo Mr Campbell, of the firm of Smith, Campbell and Co, merchants nf .Sydney, which bought iliui £30 uioli. Tom's party sold the produce uf their labours for five days, which aavrnged £2 per man per day for a period i f five days. A party consis- ing of six men, wh'-m Mr Smith, saddler, of William-street, w«9 one, arrived in town yes terday. Theii stuck amounted to .27 oz. 2drs. , and was p urvbast ij by ,\Jt ATdill (w ??i We learn from Mr iDu illi that lbs pa-ty imd been five days at work, and that on an average theb liud washed -i0 0 hiickria n day. Another company oT six men, who had heen at work eight days, r-n'ised gold to the value of £95 5s., malting, nn tivi rage of marly £2 per day each. This lot was onr- chaiid hy Mr Austin, as also 9 vend other smaller q- antilii -, va-ying in value from £15 to £20. Up to the pr sent time Mr Austin lias In en the most ex'cnsive puichnsir i t town. There are cons'iderivMe qimiti'hs Mill In (lie possession of partus nt the diggings. The above particulars are not given Willi with the object of inflaming the minds of tin- already too e veiled inultiiud-. From nil we can learn the parties natuul nr: the most -lie esslul of the whole nnmbi r who have lefi their ordinary occupations for g-d-l digs g ng. Thi great (lesiilernluiii w ould he to arrive at an average result of the turnings of the whole as nearly a- possible But as the organ o' c union ap.ea'Sto he tob-Tably tve'l developed in many if them, this is impisji- hie. Mrny whn mo doing a successful lui i- ness are the reverse of Cortlmunli Stiver for very obvious reasons. Other whose return arc small are nshtmeil to confess the truth, Some time will have to elapse before any thing like nn approximation to the truth ran be nrrived nt, One thing, however, may be I s t dow'n lis a fsct that all who gn to the diggings ami work, get gold in larger or smaller quantities, Great lumbers pass Ihiough the town daily, Yi- ah-rd -y Dr Marha>tie's assist ml I counted 240 people on the Swallow Crerk , ronil, the great majority of whom wi re from i Sydney. Many poor, miserable looking cren- I1 tureo, foot-ore, penniless and friendless; have arrived hither on their way to the l and of Gold. tliO well disposed most proba- I bly to starve, and the remainder to ! become a nui-anee, if nothing tnnic to society. A gentleman who resides a few miles out of town on the Sydney rend, informed us yesterday that a poverty-stricken being hobbled up to his place on Sunday last, and after staling that lie was hungry aad without money, lie oflfered a neckerchief for Ride that he might procure something to eat. . Sjsh iufrtua'ion, with winter selling in, mint be p-c.Mlu-t.vc i-f dreadful consequences The following letter has been received hy a friend in town ; — 'D ggings, 23rd May, 1851 ' D.nr— ,1 hive lutle .inn- lo spare, so you needo't expert u long Idler. Jly-clf and three mans hi.re no been at wurk three days, and have got six ouncis ir th rcabouts, of gold, making, I nm told nearly £5 a man. This seem a respjetab c lump, hut 1 can a-. - sure you it is w.ll earned Some of my i clghbours arc apparently doing bett-r tl an we are, end others much worse. The gol i we have found is all (im or what they ia'1 dust t hrlieve, An adjoining company hnva bean lurky enough to pick up a little nest, about the size ol pigeon eggs, which h-s enhanced their earnings very mail rially. I should say that on that day th-y must hare earned from £5 to £6 a man, hut there are plenty not doing more tliau st die rate of 10i ' per dar, and when out of this they have paid for their rations, at ihr high prices ilia1 arc charged here, they won't have trurh to shout about. ' There is one thing which surprises me not a little that in many ca-rs. stout willing men com-.- h- re with » canital rig, and sliva from morning t;> nigiit. from di-w tn sunny eve, and do perhaps only moderately well Otiiers will come with their tin pot i and pan I da, aided, perhaps, by a twn-pr -need pitchfork, or supnaninte.l fir- -shov.l, and do a raking business A bttlc shrimp of n ft-llow, about toe siz.- of an E-quimarix In dian, ranir witlinue.-rlhlyirnplene.it but n < tn-o forkel stick nnrl lire ghost of a dilspi- , tinted frying-pan ; -nd would you Iwihvp it < the insignificant little varmint did a strok-- t> the tune of about £5 in half ii day ; whilst at the same time mir crimp iny, u 1 strapping f. lit wi, wi'h strum- liitrlia, and a way of using tlinu. w r limn doing very liitie. lf.lt intensely disgusted with IPjse f. and was hdf inrtined to hail upon my (ruction of n friend wi'h respect. But lie was what is t rined a lurkv mar, nnrl 1 v o ,bl nut have vmi imagine thai on ncrotin: of hi- rxlrau diua-y success intending miners a-e to c -me provided w.llr f.-k-d sti.k and frying-pans. The same sort c.f hick m ty f- li trth-l-t of lliosc who nre la-ller nrcon-rrd and so fa- as a steady business is concerned, their chinces am ifn to one. "Sydney people a-e thronging very fast upon us, and as we hear hat they luie tin reads ov liundr-rla, my i-npr-s-ion is thai thej will Uc romp- llrd lo gn pro-p-u ting. 3Ve arc now lis inicK as uusli oo-n- ntiir a brisk shower on a fine rumnn t's morning -S on n! th »c old Califui nia digg, ra attempt to cnmc the bounce rvtr us, and as-une n great d-il nn their experience ; hut aa a general rule, they .,re not a fractinn more fortunate than our untutored srlv.s. Onn liltl- fellow rtnno here a law days ago, and aft r tn. a uring and hudying, nn ! winking and cursing, in c style which was intended to let na know thai he was aware of a tiling or two, lie went in work like not a grave digger but a gold-dig ger. The epirkn flew (rom tile point of irif pick, thick and fast, and the swenl drop- rained from ltis foieluad N-w and again in dashed int. the c ink. up tn tin- hips, with his cu'lender, and slier k and waved it most sei-o- tifirallt. This killing pace he m-iiot uced about two hourr, when nil at nirc '-hi h -art was brack.' The ' dust'' rlid no! come at Iris call, Bod ashamed of his braggadocio, he quickly shouldered his pick a-ul wa-h-ng machine, and l olt-d into the hill- like a red aliii-k, and lias n->t since lire hea-d of. "If you come, bring plenty f io d liog. wool len clrithb g. a rn i.-Hli's ration.', a good p-ck or two, and a heavy crow Inr, light onca lu-ing of no use. A lit'.le spirits to revive your own, after leaving tin- cradl-, would rot he amiss. You cannot keep to -rself dr>. I will write i gun shortly and g.v" further part-cii'ars. "Yours, truly. BathurM, Saturday night, 24lh May, My Dear Mort, — We have just re urncd from the diggings. All reports lis to their yield of grdd are true, hut the extent nf the gold fi Id is prnbh-ma-lcal. We slort In Ihe morning for Sydney, an.l will he in on Too-- day evening or WVine.day, till wh- li I shall lio'er fu-tlier particulars, Str.clian and Pre ritr go down per mail, which carries llu: letter. We have tin -gilt (Camphell Ilindann, Fer ris, and myself) obnut £800 of gold nt . sixiv- four shillings, but there is a little quartx in It \--oiioplecB costs £150. Enclosed Is a report for the " Hcra'd,' which I promised to send, Y urs, Viry, trulv, A C BROWN. ! Thos. S Mort, Esq,, Sydney Opbir Gold Mines, 23rd May. 1851, We started from Sydney on tin morning, ofSiturday, the 1 7th instant, with tin- view of obtaining ocular drroonnlrntion of the ru moured auriferous walih of " diggings ' near Hniiurst ; or »f repnrtinir the sami- t,, he ex aggeiab-d, uryrhollv fictiliour. We were joined hy anothVr'party of m- r can li e men on ill- name errand ; but as the punt nf I lie Ne- pea-i was not working, owing to a s iglu fre- h in the river, our companions r lur-.ed to Sid ney. Wh were enabled to resume our journey on Monday morning, but with lilt lo expecta tion of seeing thts prom sad land of Oplii-, a all parties on the road, whether employers or employees, exhibit- d great listli-ssn- sk and apathy una suhj- ct which had set the citizens of tfie Metropolis in audi a ferm-ut, And this in-lill- rence only inrrcaced as we mo-e nearly appro-died Hi-- enchanted ground. Near Haril- y w w. re joined hy a carriage load of deputies from I'urrutnuUa, sent forth to report progress, and willi them we procee ded to br akfast at Solitary Greek j the soli tude of which was soon disturbed by the a,ri- yal (if the mail from lhihnuat, a id .ho full tuned vale- of a wo, thy rills -n. Infill in mun icipal honours who had seen lie Elephnnt, and wnk lU -rl Commendably ha toning to ley tho val iiMi iofornv'thu) l»> hid gained before the Honor, hie lh» Coloninl S-cretary, with the vi yv of limiting tli-i protect imy of Her Majesty's lipgsubjects in tlir-c pflrti Hastening onward', wn rradi-d b 0 Ir.i r -l on Wednesday ov- ning anlljlound that consi derable quintities of goul were daily arriving nnd iliat a large mini! -r of arlizin', small ir.uie'men, nnd dnn.estics liad 1 ft hikI were leaving for the (-(Mil wur.liiogeni) stlcll ex citement, however, was vi-ibl ill cortipaHson to svhal we had sen in Sydney. We took n rnm'ile round the town in the evenirg, and found tii-.t nearly all tlie store keep rs were in possession oi tlie preeiou- m- --lid Mr. Austin having two or lliree hun dred pounds worth of sup-rior qu .lity On Thursday morning, li iviog With some difli cutty, hired bonus, we stirtnl for Ophir via Koek Forest, fmmeily th- estate of Mr. David P. rrier, and now the properly of Mr. Green : we were speedily joined by troops of horse men on I he same mi-sion , and passed numbers pf p flestrlans and drays nil eiigeriy wending their way to the dominions ui i'reater John i some svcll enough provided with euoh rude implem-nts for digging and washing as could readily b- p nciucd at tlie setilement 'at nny ptice' there lu-ing no limit to the demands made hy the fortunate homers u| old irays, tin-pots, deal boxes, sheet iron, zinc, riddh s, cullenders and every other article Must could by possibility be co slfucled inlo a cradle, or the rudest imaginable substitute for otic, — whilst some unforiunn'cs were j urncy ng wholly unp ovideti fir n dig, nndcr the exper- tntion. like tho crlcbrntrd Wliittingtan, „f finding Ophir paved with the one tliii g neetlf ol. Of the few parties whom sire met re turning from the diggings, sve ma-lo eager enquiries, and found thoir genoml ro-pooses to be thai thoy It id d)ne exceedingly well, but that they were going to the settlement cither for supplies or for better machinery , After slaying the night at a ihepherd's lint about twelve mites from the scono of action, we nrrived hero curly on Friday morning. The road, until within a mil.' or two of the diggings, isexeccdingly good, ittii-n assumes a very rugged, mountainous clia ac'-r, with some (lifiioulty pas-able by veil clcs. The creek which they ara woiking is approached by a steep descent, nnd is boundi-1 on the one side by rocks of quaitz and schist, in sum- places almost perpendicular, ramhriug many parts of the gully nearly ob'cured from the rays of the sun, and giving to it a sombre and romantic chaiactar. Arrived at last at the debsteab'e land, we gnvti our horses in charge to our attendant, and our "swag" to a gocd- natured occupn- 1 of n wigwam, wire kindly voluntc. r.d the oharge til rcof. We then pr ce.de 1 up tlie ; ravine, through which lliws usually the ' Summer Hill Creek— somitimes a mountain torrent, but which nn" consists of a chain of d-ep water holes, tvith here nnd llicro a ri fling rivuKt. A few hundred yaids br ught us 1 1 til- mines, and here a s uite pres-nleil itself which almost defies description. Within a 'mail compass of nh-ut a mile wee nearly | six hundred men at work digging nnd wash- . log with a-, unt ri' g industry nt mice in ,i- O.tiveof success, whilst the st-ep banks wire lined with ev, ry sp e;cs of gunyali.tent fro. as a protection against the inclemency of the cliuiHtB j the tr.is'y nights uf wlti' h we can i abundantly vouch fo . j As our object was to c-dhct farts, wo at once set nib nit it. nnd ga'haiing tt.fo mation from tlie captains of the vaiious p,r i s, we soon arrived at llie conclusion tint so lar as "these" diggings wc.r concerned, III re hid lieen llti t x Iggeralum. Many parties we found were c , ruing two to fair pjuttds tut I upwards per day some one pound lotwq pound- and a few one p otud ,!o, inwards to utur il.s- appointment ; whilst near y £20 per d.y wu' Ihe reported result of one or two of tlie most fi-riunute. The greatest sttrcess ap peared to he at and in ttte vicinity of du h- lea | of two or three pitties formnl ot ae.iler.s ami | their sons. One man, a labourer, lad to or this spot, procured about three liunUied pounds value the day previ us to our arrival. , the largest piece of «hi,h weighed marly (our ! pounds troy. 'litis result must h- con-i- iderulo'llte highest impi rtsiwc, esperi lly when we heir in mind the ptimit ve comti no tion of tlie cradles and other implc- mut employed indeed, in our obsnv -lions I dow n the ere- k' we did not tee a single niolle was'unl o t- (generally lite result of about thirty hu kets of ea-tli a id stuies) willi, mt some gold itt it. though in many cases tlie quantity was rertainly very small. Many parties washing wit , I > > dishes only, on the uiargin ot me water, omunctt a tatr result in ; small gold j Tne greatest quietness anil cordiality np- | pcared to prevail amongst a'.l the adyntur- | era ; mi 1 our eoquiiias were readily and gn d I naltiredly responded to, although it might ; occasion n temporary steppage to their gold Inn. ling j however a nutuial indifpo- ition to d, ariose tlie extent of their winning", preven ted us from BBcerlain ng mythii g bcyo-d an explanation as given sb'te. to their nvrr- ugc it-lil. How long th« cordiality wh ch now prevaili may ronti ,ue is v, ry pro de. mattcii1, a the pu-suit of gold hasivei luen | an apple of disc, id, a il even thus ,a ly we , have heard or ill" aB-ert'on of ' nrglit" a» . ii., to e to a " liole." T'. re is m w plenty j of tm in for some thousands to ihn-e .ortioo- -t t|,r c.e, k now p rli.lly oeeupied, In t-oou-r or later rew arrival, must come in contact with th" < t r ly daggers, so tli- it die quick", the honeiiari, s nn I tenure o' the al- luttneiit ,,f r aril pa ty ate decid d, tin- b Iter. . It would l,o absurd to , n leavour 'o pr- veil' <1 ggi -g tt -I r ' any pro luniut'omi of the : li, tins if Kovnlt, ; lint if roper m a«ure» , are n|iei-ihly taken for lice, mi, ,g diggers with I the concomitant leg la inns, th" tlivcnvc-y of gotd nny tip made a fiesh suurce of great | weal it without the drst- nrtion of a„y prc- , «ent enterprise or predjudi e tu tile moia'ity I of the colony. , As to what may Le the extent cf tire , old fi Id we donor pr>|, nd toeslhinte. but the vb'ious rreeks ntlj nning that now worke1, slttiw similar indie .lions, and we have lunrd of partus p-rntmg wi'lt sucrers inany mil 'r nr. the pr. sent he»d quartirs. ' I hou 4 It tlie r-snlt of the lahour« of 'lie digprrs lux been to generally « itl-f.,ctory, and in levrrnl InManoea so remarkably suc cessful, th re does not npicar much dreire on the part of lite pastoral population to I Htmndon their easy life for tlie la' oru its and ui. certain speculation of gold finding | from . our eritjiiiriei wc aro enahhd t r state t'.ut ihe ncconnte sviiirh luve rce|t"d Sydney, a« to I nnmh-rs ,.f sli.plirrds ha-ing left their Uucks, are almost wholly unfounded ' Since our return to B.thtir-t, tlie town has Iren greatly excited by the apneur,, nre of t.reeof the fo, lunate parties, of wh in we I, nee in-de mention, with gold lo the amount of alio it £1 COf). About 100 people nre now ' I)' proreeding tn tlie diggings, hut every day the numbers arc augmenting. ILthurst, May 24. ' ''.R. — We have only to add, in conclusion of I ha foregoing report, thut, of ubout fi-e bun, bed individuals whom we have met willi en route for tho digging", between Biithurat and thi», not one tithe ore equipped for pro -renting their intonded pursuits, and many of them miifit inevitably perish from I want mid exposure, unless relieved by the | geniroeitv of nil, era. on this point, Mr Hnr- Kriv-s. silioM,- ability and experience hnv, ( allied (lie (lev, Irpment of the Australian gold milieu, will, sve understand, speedily give iiis report, as lie is expected in Sydney lo-day.' Sydney, 27th May, 1851. 