MR. TANCRED'S VINDICATION OF "STEPS TO THE ALTAR." We have read Pir. Tancred's nine-column advertisement, which is saying more than many of his own communion can assert with truth. His explanations do not excul pate the book, but rather vindicate the pro ceedings of the society which has censured its circulation by a professed protestant. We regard Mr.Tancred on hisown grounds, and desire he should be tried by the standards of his own church. There is one charac teristic of his letter that must appear sin gular to the majority of his co- religionists : lie constantly appeals to the opinions of modern doctors, such as Andrews, Jebb, Taylor, Ken, Hammond, and others, and frequently gives extracts from their writings, which do not countenance the ill-defined and airy notions he professes to hold. It is only in two instances he quotes scripture: first, when he refers to the seventh command ment, the spiritual import of which is not disputed, and again when lie alludes to prayers for the dead " And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censor; and there was given unto him much Incense, that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne: and the smoke of the incense which came whith the prayers of the saints ascended tip before God out of the angel's hand."-Rev. viii. 3, 4. It is rather curious that this passage was cited in the Hammersmith discussion by Mr. French, the Roman catholic disputant, as irrefragible authority for" the invocation of saints and angels," and which his pro testant opponent, Dr. Cumming, contended could have reference to no created angel, but to the" High Priest of our profession," ' the angel Jehovah," since he alone was " in vested with omnipresence and omnipotence, being able to present the prayers of all saints . . .. all the ten thousand prayers of ten thousand saints scattered through out the whole world, and existent in. every age." If there is one central point in which protestants agree, it is that ex pressed in the language of Chillingworth, "The bible, and the bible alone." Early as well as late fathers may be read and studied, but are not authoritative to decide a single essential of belief. Mr. Tancred makes as much of the" Whole Duty of Man" as if it were inspired. An eccentric, preacher of the last century, in the pros pect of death, executed a will which was published'after his decease. Under the head fifteenthly," he says, "The following books, entitled . . . 'The Old and New Whole Duty of Man,' and all those pro ductions of ignorance entitled' The Week's Preparation' . . . . that highly esteemed composition of carnal invention, entitled ' The Christian Monitor'.. .. . together with that blasphemous piece of deception, called ' The Turkish'Alkoran' . . . I desire to will and leave every one of them, to be equally distributed among those pharisees in the kingdom of Great Britain who reject the sovereign grace of God, and deny the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, as a proper nurse to their present pride . . . but to be enjoyed by them no longer.than while they remain in a state of ignorance and unbe lief." The quaint wit of. the passage will be excused, since there is every reason to assume that the author was a sincere believer in divine verities. But we decline to enter on an examination of tenets, which, whatever they are, are not protestant. Mr. Tancred seems to possess strong faith in forms, in rituals, and ceremonies: lie is incessantly talking about " God's holy priests," though the adjective might be more properly trans posed, and read the " Holy God's minis ters." Beyond this lie appears to know nothing : circumstantials, not the reality of religion : its externals, not its vitality, are familiar to the reverend gentleman. Wejlhave glanced over the book which has occasioned so much correspondence, and consider it contains far more law than gospel-savors more of Moses than of Christ, and that it might be properly entitled, if the meaning is taken in a spiritual sense-" STErs To 'run HAt.Tl I" 