Original tformpoiumirt. (As the PbopIiB's Advocatb, our columns will be open to all. parties, but we- , by no means identify ourselves with the opinions oi'our correspondents. STATE EDUCATION FOR THE CHILDREN IN THE BUSH. No. i4. \ . ; To the Editor of the Peoples Advocate. Sir,— A war of opinion has commeneed, and now is' the time for the Christian and the' philanthropist to buckle on his armour, to join the combat,' and boldly to stand for the interests of man. None Bhould Beek to imitate those who bave sought to plaoe education and religion on the basis of injustice and corruption. All should remember, that pure religion, genuifie Gnristianity, shrink from the contaminating influence of state alliances, and that if left to its own native energies, if is well able to support itself. This, however, is not the case with eduoation and the training system sought to be introduced into the interior, and establishing a scheme of cheap boarding and' industrial schools in the bush df Australia. In proof of tbe strength of the voluntary principle, ye ' have only to look to the early history of Christianity, when it had to oontend against the bitter hostility of worldly potentates, and yet succeeded to disperse its benign influence over the face of tbe known world: — and attentively to regard the present helpless condi tion of the ohildren in the bush, who are, and must continue to be entirely destitute of secular and sacred lore— moral and religious training, until the state sees fit to provide for their urgent wants, When our Lord Jesus Christ was crucified between two male- factors, who, would have thought that in a comparatively short time his religion would have numbered, among its adherents one-half of the Roman empire. The very supposition would have appeared preposterous, yet such was the actual fact. His was a religion utterly opposed to the opinions and the prejudices of mankind ; its founder was "despised and rejected of men," and its first propaga- . tors were exposed, to prejudice and persecutions, and even to \- i death itself. Still, in spite of alt opposition, it prevail. ..We aire t informed by a Roman historian, that within thirty years after the death of onr Stvour, there were, rast multitudes of Christaihs, even in Rome. Piiny, a learned and prudent Roman Governor who was employed by the Emperor Trajan to stop the progress of Christianity, wrote to him as the apostates affirm : — ,l that the whole of their crime had been to meet before day. and sing a him hymn to Christ as Gad..' His words are — Affirmabant fiatic f vistt summarh tel culpam , vel lucem convenire , carmenque Christo quasi Deo dicere . Piiny was Governor of Pantos and Bythynia, and in a letter written to the Emperor Trajan, about eighty years after the death of onr Lord, he acknowledged that the heathen temples were nearly deserted. In thirty years from this date, will ignorance and superstition be entirely banished from the bush of Australia. How long before that period arrives, will sacred and secular training have been established in the cheap boarding and industrial schools sought to be erected in the bush, by the enactments of the state ? 'About 156 years after the ascension of our Lord Jesus Christ, Tertullian, a' Christian writer says — "We are but yesterday and have filled your cities, islands, towns, and boroughs, the camp, the forum and the Senate." When I take a retrospective view of the spread of Christianity during the 200 years that immediately fol lowed the death of its adorable founder ; when I behold it in its sublime career, overcoming the bigotry of the Jew, and the pre judices of the Gentiles; visiting Greece, and triumpling over the subtleties of its far- famed philosophers, alighting on the shores. of Italy, overcoming Paganism and overturning its temples ; erecting Churches in' the Imperial City of Rome, setting at defiance the hostility of earthly monarchs, and in a short time traversing the length and breadth., of the Roman Empire. Me thinks I hear the voioe exclaiming — "vIt is not by might, nor by strength, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." That spirit is still as omuipo- , tent as ever. Our LordSTesus Christ is still King of Kings, and Lord of 'Lords. The weapons of our warfare are not oarnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds of sin and Satan. Let. us then arouse from our lethargy, shake off pur apathy, and throw aside ail timidity ; the enemies of pure -religion, and of universal education, and of the training system, are indeed many and powerful. They consist of all those who are , wedded to the unhallowed Churoh and State alliance, are pre judiced, and bigoted, and ignorant of their own errors ; let us therefore display that heriosm of ChriBtain soldiers. Truth is Sreat, audit shall ultimately prevail. Our sufficienoe is of God, and by his help, we will not now relinquish the contest in which we are engaged in the war of opinio?, in supporting the cause of .'Universal, and not sectarian education ; the contest of truth against error, until' vietory be engraven on our shields, and the children of our shepherds and bushmen are taught and trained to every thing that is essential to their temporal and eternal slfare ! Then shall a new song be put into their moutb, even praise unto our God. Christianity is the hand maiden of freedon, of civil and religious liberty ; it binds up the 'broken hearted, proclaims liberty to the captive, and the opening of the prison doors to them that are bound; it comforts all that mourn. Let our exertions then in the cause- of oivil and religious liberty, and in the universal education and training of the children in the bush, on the sehem& of cheaply boar'dmg their children in industrial schools, be based upon truly Christian principle, and accompanied with self, devotion to him who sways the ceptre of unlimited dominion. In the pulling down of the anti-Christian, secular endowments of religion, let us seek that he may take unto himself his great power and reign, that- he may make bare his arm, and that he may make passing events subservient to the extention and prosperity of that kingdom, which is " righteousness and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." Let met ask, are the four endowed sects, the isms, favourable to the truth ; are they forward in the cause of unrestricted and uni versal education ; are they willing to take up the cross and follow their Divine Master through good and through bad report ; to foi low the Lord fully ; -to die daily with sin ; to crucify the flesh with its affections and lusts; to account the time past of 'their lives as' more than sufficient to have done the will of the flesh : and hence forth are they determined to live unto righteousness? Are they dying with the world? Are they living under a full and well grounded convietion that they are living to God? Are their affec tions Bet on things above, and not oh things of this world ? Are \- they instant in season and out of season, doing good to all, as they have opportunity ? Sending not to the flesh, but unto the spirit?' Are-they ceasiug to be carnal, and looking beyond the things which are seen, and which are temporal, to those things which are unseen and whioh are eternal? It is a grievous thing to observe the total, I- had almost said the universal degeneracy of the State paid priests in. the oolony. Their perfect, and complete inexperience of all these things ! They appear to be dead while they live ; but, alas ! their life has no appearance of being hid with Christ in God I In this age of ostensible Christianity, I mean the profession of it, the call to a high standard of practical and spiritual life, is most ur gently required. Profession — mere profession brings a world of delusion in its train ; whether it be to nations, churches, or indi viduals — the form of godliness without the power ; the mere tacit assent to the faith, without, what is expressly called the obedianoe of Faith. The outward qpd external observance of religion, with out the inward, and hidden performance of that religion- — without that self-denial and steadfastness of walking in the walk of the Lord, which the Saviour has laid on hie followers. Let them hearken apd be wise now ; taey are commanded to be instructed, not to harden their hearts as in the day of provocation, but to kiss the son leat he bo angry and Jhey perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. Then will the State paid, pampered, rand pensioned priests experience the blessedness of all those who put their trust in the Lord ; let them but forego their grasp of Mammon, their hold of the wages of unrighteousness, make a sim ple but complete transition from, a state of nature, and beggarly dependence on the powers that be, to a state of grace, and relianoe on the people of God, and then they shall be introduced into that new, spiritual, and heavenly atmosphere, into which he ushers all those who put their trust in him. His people shall be willing in the day of his power ! When that day comes, when the Spirit of God shall be poured out upon the sons of men ; then we may safely indulge in oheerful anticipations . of the future. Religion, pure Christianity, freed from the enoum- beranoe of anti scriptural establishments, will expand in the Clear atmosphere of political freedom— that whioh she herself has pro cured, and appear in all her pristine energy—her native loneliness I Then the disciples of tiie cross ; even the Hibernian, Galidonian, and Anglican obristiaas, no longer eyeing each other with the scowl !of jealousy, will bo knit together in the bands of unity and love 1 Then the interest of Messiah's kingdom will form the object of their united and most anxious solicitude, their untiring zeal ! and then the Christian Church of the living God, will appear, ' clear as the sun, fair as the moon, and terrible as- an army with banners."; ty would be easy to dispose of the geheral question of Church Establishments, and to show that they are neither scriptural nor expedient 1 It would be easier still to dispose of the particular ap- plication of that principle, of civil endowments of religion, in their misapplication to this colony. and to expose the untenableness— the vefy unwarrantable nature of that right, which the State paid Clergy of the four patronised, are established sects, have arrogated to themselves, in their opposition, to the establishment of a general system of sacred and -secular education for the people of this colony. These four sects may be regarded as four incorporated bodies. They have, judging from appearances, been united for the purpose of opposing, instead of fathering tho general /education of the people. This was demonstrated at the time of passing the Act for the general system, by their united opposition to that Act ; clergy and bishops— even Bishop Boyce or his predecessor and his brethren, were united as one man.. All agreed to oppose the general diffusion of education among the people. They equally ex- eroised the right of obstructing the good oause. In 1839, the late Governor Sir George Gipps said in the Legislative Council,' that " the equality of all religious denominations has been, I would say, canonized and sanctified by Act of Council." At tbe time the Lord Bishop of Australia, or more properly of the Episcopalians in Australia, very properly said, " So far ds I am able to follow out such a principle, it will be this, to stereotype, if I may so express myself, all existing error in religion: to issue a mandate, that if any one nbw bold falsa doctrines, he and his descendentsi so' far as the State ban effect it, shall continue to hold the same, without in terruption, for ever." And - this is just tbe effect that the estab lishment of religion haB had in- the Celestial Empire, and in all Pagan, Mahomedan and Heathen oountries— among Jews and Gen tiles ; it has stereotyped tho Mnsselmen and all other men in error; and it has every where tampered, and interfered with the education of the people. It has sought to secure and bind them down as the bigo-ted and blind creatures of their will. » " The simple end. we ought to propose," says Dr. Paly, " by re ligious establishments, is the preservation and communication of religious knowledge." Bat how can such an end be attained by tbe indiscriminate establishment, all over the world, except Amerioa, especially in this colony, of truth and error? Is it to be wondered, that under such oircumstauces, here, ifChina, in Persia, 'and in India, apathy should have taken hold on the minds of the people, in religious matters, and arrogance of the hearts of the priests? That people, like priests, should become equally stereotyped in error. If the principle of establishments is right, the truth and the truth only ought to he established that is as Bishop Brougbton says, stereotyped. But who is to judge of the truth? Certainly it is not the civil magistrate — he has no right to interfere with anything sacred — with. Another man's servant. The government of this colony professes. to know no distinction between truth and error. Its object appears to have been to make all share and share alike; to give itself no concern with what was right and what was wrong in religion, and it was right. The State ought to know no religion ; every religion ought to be alike in the eyes of the law. Why then did it pamper and pension and set of priests whatever ? This may have been ex pedient at the time, politically speaking, but the 'question is, was it right and just to be done? We answer no I certainly not. In establishing by its endowments and support, any sect and every sect; it clearly went beyond it province. It interfered with a kingdom which is not of this world, and the blighting effects which this interference has bad on the advancement of pure religion in this colony, has been most apparent. Here it has all but stripped Christianity of its spirit and of its power; a ciroumstanoe which is to be lamented, and -whioh cannot be too much deplored. Dif ferences in .religious sentiment, are allowed to be essential to its due investigation and purity ; hence these differences have been tolerated by every liberal Government, not only for this purpose, but also to act as a stimulus on the clorgy of the established sects, to keep up and secure a healthy reaction on them, by the power ful operation of the unendowed. But the Government of this colony has destroyed this salutary stimulus, it has not sufficiently valued this reaction, and consequently by dividing the appleB of disoord, among four, it has made just four enemies to the general system of education, instead of one. It has led the votaries of these to suppose; and believe, that tbey have a right, ex officio, to interfere with the general education of the people ; a right which they have all. exercised but toe well, and with a zeal worthy of a better cause. This is an error of which they and the colony at large, cannot be too soon disabused. This is a right which certainly no one can possess. What would be thought of the arrogance of these seots, were they to come forward and claim the right to punish orime, to sit in judgment on criminals, and in .fact to in terfere with all the- secular and civil affairs of the colony ? Yet the principle on whioh they would do so, is just the same as that on whioh ' they do seek to interfere with, and obstruot the general ednoation of the people. If this principle is correct, tbe Priests ought not to content themselves by merely attempting to separate religious sects in the schools of tbe people'; they should carry it out, and put it in full operation by dividing the people iD their workshops, and warehouses. Let these religious sectarians .be consistent, and divide. their various religions bodies intoseparate classes, throughout the different callings, occupations, and pro fessions. by whioh men earn their living and accumulate property. Let us have oar Wesleyan, Roman Catholio, Episcopalian, and Presbyterian tailors, shoe makers, butchers, barbers, barristers, barmen, carmen, judges, and juries, as well as school- masters. It has been argued, tbat as it is the duty of a parent to provide for the religious instruction of his children, so it is the dnty of a government to provide for tbe religious instruction of its subjects. But there is no analogy whatever between the two cases. Civil government is ordained of God for the. punishment of evil doers and the praise of them that do well." "Civil government is a compact between man and man, for the mutual preservation of person, property, liberty, and life." It has nothing to dd with religion bat to proteot its professors while they keep the law, and to punish them when they break it. If the civil magistrate had any other duties to discharge to the Churoh, thn would Christ's . kingdom be of. this world, which he himself told ub plainly it ia not. If it is the duty of a state to provide for the religions instruc tion of its subjects— just as a parent is bound to instruot his chil dren—surely it oannot be the duty of 'the state at onoe to provide provision and poison, truth and error, falsehood and faith, as the mental aliment of its subjects. Tbat one child' should be trained np an Episcopalian, another . a Roman Catholio, a third a Presby terian, and a fourth a Wesloyan ! Who ever beard of a Christian parent doing so ? — training his children in this absurd manner? Were each a cireumstancq to ooenr, would snob a parent not be . justly- branded as being latitudinarian in principle' and practice, too ? or rather as an individnal devoid of all principle ? And does not our Solons — the Government of onr oolony, in its mongrel and nondesoript establishments, subject itself to the charge- of this latitudinarian principle when it follows the latitudinarian practice ? With the management of religion no civil government has any right to interfere ; the domininion of religion is the dominion of our Lord Jesus Christ alone. . Be has appointed his own ministers to carry out his designs, and to instruct hie obildren infreligon— the state is completely relieved from this duty. Ic ia the dnty of the state to provide atteh an ednoation for the children of tbe state as would fit them for the duties of tbe state ; but with tbe pre? paratipn for the' world to come, the government of the state should not interfere. The social government has not the means and ap pliances for ,< the work of regenerating the human mind,' so as to qualify them for the next world, and therefore its interference only does harm, and vends a spurious artlole foe the geiiuine thing . itself. .-. wj; - :V!5T?' The Legislative Council, viewing their duties in a proper li|ht, has succeeded in carrying a system, by means: of which the state or government/)! the colony. may perform its part of the work of educating the obildren of the towns and settled districts of the colony. Something, however, remains to be added to this praise worthy system, to provide -for the proper ednoation and training of those children .that are scattered over the rural and' pastoral por tions of the territory. Here the Scheme of cheaply -boarding < the children that are soattered over the bush in industrial schools must and will ultimately be adopted, ' The plan proposed ia at onoe simple, praotical, comprehensive, and efficient. Like Robert Rjike's proposal, tor the adoptioh of Sabbath schools, it hasonlyto he tried to be: found effectual. Bat the proposal of this 'branch of the general system trill no doubt meet with strong opposition : the Bishop of the Episcopalians, the Archbishop of the Roman Ca tholics, and Bishop Boyoe of the Wesleyans, with the whole body of their olergy, and a majority of the state-paid Presbyterian minis ters, will again meet this extension of the system with their fiercest frenzy— their strongest opposition. The cry will be. again r vised which was formerly prominently pnt forwaid on the formorooca- . sion, that according to tbe general system, children . were not to be ' taught religion. But all that devolved upon the state ,waj);to 'pre- . pare the children for the duties. of this world; to make tbemgood citizens here, and then to'leave it to those who are the appointed ministers of God to give the children such instructions as would fit them for the citizenship of heaven.- It might be said, that it was the dnty of the state to- give the children of the state the best possible instruction,, in .qrdprtp fit them for the duties of the state, and that education would not be complete without religious instruction. Those who p-ropased the general system, and those who now urge the cheap boarflipg., in dustrial scheme to be tacked on to it, admit this; and the objec tion which would be thus raised was met, because the proposed system provided for their instruction in the great fundamental truths of the Christian dispensation, and stopped only in that in struction when it reached that point where religious differences of opinion begin. Those, then; who oppose the system on, this grcund caanot sustain their objections, unless they are prepared to deny that there were any common facts, any fundamental principles, on which all Christians of every denomination were argeed. It might again be objected, that it was impossible to qualify a child to become a good citizen unless he were fully- instructed in all the tenets of the various sects. But what is the fact ? Were no Quakers good citizen's? Were there no Jews good citizens ?— men of probity, doing their duty to the state and to their fellow- citizens ? Were no Episcopalian, no Roman Catholics, no Presby terians ? Surely yes ; but how were they made so ? Not certainly in consequence of a good system of education, but. in. spite of a bad one. These would know very little of the peculiarities of the various bodies ; the Quaker and the Jew would be taught little.or nothing of the dogmas of the three grand divisions of the great Christian army, yet they were good ' and respectable citizens, and useful members of society. It could not then be denied that there were fundamental principles of religion upon which all could and would agree, but for the priests, nor has this ever been denied except for the purposes of party. Some argue that the general system should prevent religious instruction — -that it is, in short, an infidel system. These are base and ignorant calumniators— -false witnesses they are who say so. It is an essential part of that system to teach tbe great fundamental principles on which the whole Christian Church has been built. Is it contended that only one denomination will be admitted to the land of happiness? . No.; it is one of the most delightful prospects held out to us in the- Scrip tures of truth that, in heaven, men of all denominations would meet — all who qualify themselves by simple obedience to the laws of God, and who are interested in the atonement of Christ, would there meet, and " sing worthy is the Lamb that was slain" no matter by what name they were known upon earth Lat. 32 20'. INDEX. 