LORD JOHN RUSSELL'S NO-POPERY LETTER. (From, the Weekly Dispatch, Nov. 10.) Mr. Editor, — Contemptible as Whiggery has made itself of late years, a further fall into the abyss beneath contempt was scarcely to be antici pated. Lord John Russell has however taken the plunge. He has indited a No-Popery epistle to the newspapers. At least he has sent such an epistle to the Bishop of Durham, and to write to a clergy man any thing against the pope just now that the whole profession is ready to burst with theological bile, is the same thing substantially as a direct contribution to the columns of our cotemporaries. The devout document appeared simultaneously in the morning journals. Lord John is at the height of popularity among the parsons. He has kicked old Guy and clapped his torch to the tar-barrel. He promises to examine the laws in existence against Popery, and to deliberate on any further enactments. There wanted but this to complete Whig degradation, to fawn upon Church bigotry, and cant against a " foreign yoke upon our minds and consciences." The house of Russell does penance at the tomb of Percival. Two points in this letter of the First Minister f the Crown are especially discreditable. Its vulgar abuse of the Romish religion, and its twit ting the Catholics with the services of the Whigs in their Emancipation struggle. The Premier says — r" I promoted to the best of my power the claims of the Roman Catholics to all civil rights." And what then ? Was it not his public duty so to 9 A aaiimoa hotra noon nlilrA UU i xx uuutiatj wuioc uvuiu «a xav/ false, to his professed principles and the policy of his party. The support of Emancipation was justice ; and it was also Whig tactics. Lord John Russell supported the Catholic claims, and gained popularity with his party. Canning and Lord Castlereagh did the same, and offended their fol- . lowers. Lord John Russel made motions and speeches for Emancipation ; Peel and Wellington carried the Act of Emancipation. And even they would have had no title thus to assume the airs of a benefactor. The Catholics received nothing more than their right. They were entitled to it as human beings, members of a civilised community. Their former condition was a national disgrace. Talk of the Pope's insolence ; the Premier is more insolent. He seems to think that the Catholics should be bound by his wishes as to the mode they adopt in proselyting protcstants. On the strength of Parliamentary partisanship he sets up an implied claim to their gratitude and confidence in spiritual matters. He will be the Apollo Magnus of the Vatican, and regulate the distribution of red hats as he does that of blue ribbons. The papists mean to organise their Churches, and make converts. So do all sects. It is their natural instinct ; " the cat will after kind." So, be sure, will Catholicism and Protestantism,' and all the others that end in ism. Was Lnrrl John Russell sn vain as to exnect that the Papists would just do what he wanted them to do, and no more ? He has toyed and played with them, and his Irish Viceroy has my-Lorded their Bishops, and his Colonial Governors have recognized temporal rank in their prelates, and his Australian Constitution has endowed their religion at the antipodes ; and after all these questionable pro ceedings, this dalliance with the scarlet lady, does he affect to be shocked at the exercise of the common right of a religious body to arrange its spiritual provinces and departments ? His Lord ship has given no reason why the recent Romish appointments should be regarded as essentially different from those of the Wesleyan Superinten- dants of provinces, or the English Bishops of Scotch Dioceses. Scotland is Presbyterian. If there may, nevertheless, be an Anglican Bishop of Glas gow, why not a Romish Bishop of Glasgow ? Both are Dissenters in Scotland, and alike des- titue of any spiritual jurisdiction recognised by the State. Both have been pelted there by auld wives, and, with God's blessing, may again. I can see nothing of the amazing difference which his- Lordship assumes. Nor does it become the Prime Minister of this Empire to be puffing his " contempt" .for " the mummeries of superstition," or to cant at a " foreign prince or potentate attempting to fasten his fetters upon a nation," and to " confine the intellect and enslave the soul." The business of a Prime Minister is to secure the civil rights and repress the aggres sion of Churches, not to abuse their doctrines or ceremonies. This very word " mummeries" escaped the lips of that late fiery Protestant, the Recorder of London, and its use drew down upon him rebuke, and was followed by apology. The Premier's Pro testantism is unparliamentary. He pelts the Papists like a Parson. Laymen should not descend to spiritual blackguardism, but leave it to the pulpit. We have it in plenty just now. Were the Church's own absurdities served in the same ribald manner, there would be a revival of the blasphemy prose cutions. Some of them jeer at the " wafer god" of the Papists. And why? Is a wafer god so much less reasonable than a baby god ? The infi nite presence of the Infinite Spirit may as easily be conceived in a biscuit as in a baby. The one is a miracle, and the other is no more. And look at the Premier's consistency in his contempt and in dignation. He was desirous of giving facilities to the " Ecclesiastical system of the Roman Catholics" for managing the " Irish immigrants in London and elsewhere." They might have been consigned to a " foreign prince or potentate on them he might be permitted to " fasten his fetters they might be marked by " the superstitious sign of the Cross in them Pope and Cardinal might " confine the in tellect and enslave the soul ;" only provided there was no semblance of interference with the sup posed " rights of our Bishops and Clergy." They have raised a religious riot, and he turns out to head the mob. He was not, indeed, in any hurry, j He blanketted the zeal while it seemed only a faint ebullition, and might have been expected to burn itself out. But the epidemic spread. Parson Uctllv2vi IU pdl bull) ctiiu pal loll ctliOY? tricu. iv paiioii Then the courage that " would not have hesitated to take the command of the Channel fleet," raised its flag in the van of the fire-ship. For the Church in danger, there is the new war-cry of " a Russell to the rescue." " To what vile uses may we come, Horatio !" Had the movement been prompt and spontaneons on the part of the Whig Premier, it j might have appeared a little more respectable. But ! the common-sense view of the subject entertained by the Whig Government had oozed out prema turely. The Minister will write letters. " As at present advised, her Majesty's Government do not intend to take any steps whatever." Such was the dictum of the complete letter writer more than a week ago. What happens ? The parsons got up the steam. They George-Gordonize the Church goers. Whig impartiality succumbs to the pres sure. The Premier scolds like a M'Neile. The law shall be examined. Proceedings shall be dis cussion. The Cabinet will seek the Lord. Blom- field's crozier pushes Lord John behind, and he kicks Wiseman's red stockings in front. Nay, even Puseyism, sitting between the two stools, is threat ened with a slap for having led its innocent Pro testant flocks " step by step, to the very verge of a precipice." We shall next hear of prizes for the best pattern of Protestant flails in the approaching Rvhihifinn. I This revival of the Papal hierarchy is no doubt rather impudent. Churchmen are always impudent, the Anglican as much as any. But if we tolerate Popery at all, we must tolerate its Bishops and Cardinals. It is childish to say that the Papists may have their religion, but may not have their priests ; the priesthood being as essential to the Romish religion as the tithes to the established religion. One thing which makes the clergy so angry is, that they are caught in their own trap. They pointly disown dissenting preachers. The Nonconformist minister is only in " pretended holy orders." And they have always maintained the spiritual validity of Romish orders. Even Sir Harry Inglis will not deny that a Papist Bishop is a real authnetic Christian Bishop. Apostolic descent comes via Rome. Well, then, by the late appointment, here are two Bishops in one see. That will not do. The Bishop of the minor church is logi cally ousted. The spiritual heir takes his own. Our Bench has proved itself an intrusion into the vine yard. Christ's representative has come, as in the parable, and they are going (in spite of their own doctrine) to belabour and turn him out according to the precedent. What business have persons, with no pretensions to the Hojy Ghost, save what they derive originally from the Pope, to call on the Protestants of England to rally round them ? Real Protestantism has as little to do with the one Church as with the other. The first principle of Protestantism is the right of private judgment. The Established Church, to use the language of the late Archbishop of Canterbury, requires " the prostration of the understanding." Does that not " confine the intellect and enslave the soul ?" Let the canting parsons and the canting Premier answer to that. If the progress of Popery amongst us, which no man deprecates more than I do, is to be stayed it will be by genuine Protestant principles not by abuse, outrage, bonfires, or prosecutions. Will my Lord John make the Church Protestant ? Dare he attempt any thing of the kind ? Will the Universities consent to abrogate that Anti-Pro testant practice of subscription to the 39 articles ? Will the holders of Church patronage, traffickers in affairs of conscience, allow parishes a voice in the appointment of their own pastors ? Will Church men cease to save their own pockets, and plunder those of their dissenting neighbours, by rating them for the bread and wine or their sacramental observances ? The Dissenters will not be caught this time by a Protestant cry from Oxford or Fulham. That trick succeeded once ; it will not do again. If people are to contend for Protestant ism, give them Protestantism to contend for. Let us have a free Church, and full religious freedom. Repeal the Act of Uniformity, of which the Prayer- book is Schedule A. Let Bishops, if they exist at all, be elective, as in the primitive times. Eman cipate the Clergy from the horrid slavery of sub scribing and swearing to articles which, in their totality, we have the word of a late Bishop (Stanley, of Norwich), that few of them believe. Protestant ism is a great and glorious thing. It was the uprising of European intellect against priestly uoimnation. j.ue name is proiuueu uy muse aspire to exercise the Pope's authority over con science, without even the Pope's credentials. They rave, now that he comes into collision with them. But if either they or the Government honestly desired to clip the temporal wings of this spiritual potentate, why did they yell at Mazzini and Repub- | lican Rome, with its full liberty of conscience? I Why were they acquiescent in tbe forcible restora tion, by foreign bayonets of the Pontiff Despot ? ! They have made the Pope what he is. They | refused to recognise the people of Rome. They i exulted when a Republic, politically and religiously free, was overthrown in order to enthrone the successor of Hildebrand upon its ruins. They 1 have their reward. The curse is come upen them- ' selves which they were willing should be inflicted j upon the world. And now they scream and roar, ! and shout of Protestantism. Why, Protestantism knows them not. It scorns alike their past deeds | and their present terrors. And they must be looked j to, like mad dogs. The pulpit ravings show them j to be unsafe. Unless care be taken, we shall have, i clerical riots. Special constables should be sworn j in. The peace of the metropolis is in more peril j from the Church than ever it was from the Chart- ! ists. j PUBLICOLA. m 1 1 Government Education. — We have on divers occasion shown the necessity for a national system of education ; the subject has indeed been so often spoken of in these pages, that we are almost ashamed to return to it. And yet perhaps the friends of a general system, conducted under tbe authority and at the expense of the state, never required to speak out with greater vigour. What we want may be told in a single sentence. We desire to see a system of national secular education, projected and maintained by the public, for the benefit of the whole people. We detest everything like sectarianism. : it is the blight of every national improvment, and is keeping the people in igno rance. In order that government may, with propriety and justice to all, interfere on behalf of the public in this momentous question, it is our opi nion that nothing beyond secular instruction on broad principles should be given in the national schools ; and that the religious portion of the instruction which is desirable, should be given separately by the clergy of the different denomi nations. Such we believe to be the form of educational belief entertained by everyone who is governed by motives of impartiality, and really desires to see the people instructed. What is doing at present to educate the humbler classes, is a perfect farce. Thousands on thousands get no education at all. — Chambers Journal. If ' true with regard to England, how much more so with respect to this colony.— Ed. Adyo- ' catk.j 