CHURCH REFORM. (From the Mlorning Chronicle, June 3.) On Wednesday a meeting of clergymen and lay men was held at Freemason's Tavern, to concert measures for the establishment of a Metropolitan Association, having for its object the promotion of a temperate yet efficient reform of the National Church, such reform only being advocated as would effect a closer conformity with the Scripture in its ritual, policy, ministry, and patronage. Deputa tions to the meeting were sent from Liverpool, Bir mingham, Carlisle, Plymouth, Reading, Bristol, Bath, Leicester, Colchester, Gosport, Brighton, tie Isle of Wight, Bedford, Sheffield, Nottingham, Buckingham, and from other quarters of the country, Mr.cJ. Sullivan of Brighton, was called to the chair, A large number of letters were laid before the meeting. They recommended active exertions for obtaining a revision of the Prayer-book, and for expunging particularly those portions of the bap tismal and other occesional services which seem to favor the doctrines of the Church of Rome; for restoring the powerof the laity in Church matters, putting a stop to the divisions amongstthe.tlergy, and the irreconcileable doctrines taught in the Church,for abolishing the word "priest," for alter ing the present system of CChurch patronage, and for resisting the claims set up.by the High Church ,party. Mr. H. Leander moved the first resolution, which was as follows :-" That we pledge ourselves to endeavour to carry out the glorious Reformation to its legitimate development, seeking to acconplish, in the same spirit as the earlier reformers, the great aims which were checked by the prejudices of the 16th century. That we will accordingly endeavour, in dependence on the blessing of God, to clear the Church of England of every vestige of Popery then left in the formularies of the Church and her constitution, and from every countervailing impe diment to the efficacy of the National Establish ment, and that in all matters of more ceremonial and inferior importance, general union shall he aimed at rather than strict uniformity tand will sedulously endeavour to promote a comprehension of evangelical non.conformist Christians, such as wts contemplated at the institution of the Savoy Conference, and by the Commission of William III. in 1080." Mr. H. Ellis. in seconding the resolution, said lie was born and educated in the principles of the Church of England, to which lie professed astrong attachment. The besa proof of that attachment was his desire to see it more pure, comprehensive, and efficient. The Rev. J. C. B. Warren, incumbent of Horks ley, near Colchester, had no hesitation in saying that there were many portions of the Prayer-book which savoured strongly of Popery. The Bishop of London had told them In his late charge that regeneration took place in and by baptism. It required a great deal to explain away such a phrase. Then, again, as to the power of absolution in the visiting of tine sick. He believed that a vast num her of persons were unacquainted with the nature of the power claimed for the Church in that ser vice., 'The clergyman took from the person visited a confession. The person visited Is moved to make a special confession of his sins, after which; the clergyman uses the following form:-!' Our Lord Jesus"Christ, who bath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners wlto truly repent and' believe in Him, of his great mercy forgive thee thine offences, and by his authority, committed to.me. I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." He (Mr. Warren) tatd ministered in the Church for twenty years, and ite had never used it; and on inquiry ite found that many other clergymen were not in the habit of using it. 'That passage stated that the Church of England liant the power to absolve and forgive sins ;, and the clergyman holding the same view claimed that power to himself. He thought that was Popery. He felt that there was Popery in the formularies of the Church as they now stood, and he did not mince the matter. It was their duty to endeavour to correct the evil, which was the canker-worm of the Church. and which was the only difficulty in the way of holding outtthe right hand of fellowship to other Christians, and extending hter borders (hear, hear). Mr. M. P. Fuller had been in communication with a large number of Dissenters, particularly with those in Mr. Binney's district, and they had told him that if some slight alterations were made in the formularies of the Church they would come over by. hundreds (hear, hear). He wits quite~pf Mr. Warreti's opinion that there were many rem nants of Popery in the Prayer-book, and they could not be surprised at it, for the Reformers were nursed in the lap of Popery. Cranmer and others would have gone a great deal further in the Refor mation had not the times stopped them. There was a passage in the Burial Service that smacked very strongly of Popery. (Mr. Stoddart said he had just received a letter from a clergyman who, during the last fifty years had managed by evasions to get over that part of the Burial Service, but could not manage to get over the difficulties any longer.] There was another subject which pressed itself on his view in the service of baptism. It was said " Seeing that this child is regenerate." The child was brought to be baptised, and merely by that symbol, that beautiful symbol, the clergyman was obliged to-say lie was regenerate. It might please God to r6generate the child at that particular time, but regeneration was not a necessary consequence of tie act of baptism. Mr. J. N. Bennett-Our Reformers never in tended that what they did should be final, for four years after it was revised, and they had four revi sions in five reigns, and always at the commence ment. Speaking of ceremonies, why some should be abolished anet others retained, the preface said " Of such ceremonies as be used in the Church, and have taid their beginning by the institution of man, some at the first were of godly intent and purpose devised, and yet at length turned to vanity and superstition ; some entered into the Church by indiscreet devotion,tand such a zeal as was without knowledge, and that for because they were winked at in the beginning, they grew daily to more and more abuses, which not only for their unprofitable ness, but also because they have much blinded the people and obscured the glory of God, are worthy to be cut away and clean rejected." Such was the feeling entertained at that time of the state of the Church. It was not at that time expected that a Laud or a Pusey would rise in the Church ; tearing away the laity from the Church of which they were members (hear, hear, hear). Towards the close of the preface from which lie had quoted the following words occurred :-" We think it convenient that every country should use such ceremonies astthey shall think it best to the setting furth of God's honour and glory, and to the reducing of the people to a most perfect and godly living, without error or superstition, and that they should put away other things which from time to time they: perceive to be omost abused." TThey had now, under the pretext of Church formularies, positive abuses which were leading men away to the Church of Rome, or if not, were made the handle to set up the Romish structure in our own Church (cheers.) Mr. Walters of Newcastle-tlpon-Tyne, thought it unreasonable to suppose that any portion of the clergy could join the society,. constituted as the Church was at present. The laity.must come for.: ward and stand in front of the battle, and they would drag the clergy in, whatever might be the opinions of the bishops (htear, hear,). If' the pro sent association succeeded, they might depend upon It that the clergy would be first pounced upon as victims by the great ecclesiastical power. The Rev. Rowland Morewood said that a few years ago. he entered the Church, and soon found he could not conscientiously use the Bap. tismal Service in the course of his ministration. lie twisted and turned It In every possible direction, but all to no purpose. Instead of saying, "Seing that by baptism this child is regene rate," lie said, " promised to be regenerate," and had recourse to other alterations. Because lie could not reconcile this matter to his consci. ence, lie left his curacy at Antrim, to which lie was much attached, and offended his colle giate and other friends by that course. He waited upon many evangelical ministers in Dublin-no man had seen more.clergymen upon the subject -but none of these gentlemen satisfied his mind upon that point. He felt himself to be in a most trying position, and lie made it his fixed de termination, come what might, that lie would not submit to it any longer, but would stand by the word of God. He had some insuperable objections to the theory of the priesthood, and lIe would never be admitted into that order; so that lie had remained, and was up to the present time, but a deacon. He would rather starve than become a priest under such circumstances. He was of opin ion that there were grievous fundamental errors in the prayer-book ; that of ordaining priests being one of great magnitude. The consecrating bishop said, "Receive thou the.Holy Ghost," &c.; Burnet stated that those words did not come into the church of Christ until 1,200 years after the commencement of the Christian era, while other authors fixed their introduction at 500 years after that event. So that, whether they took 1,200 years or 600 years, it was evident that it could not have any authority from the word of God. He had spoken to several clergymen upon that matter also, and one and all said that they objected to it, but inquired what could they do to prevent it? He believed the present. association would do much good in removing those errors (hear, hear). The Rev. Robert Lee, of Brighton, had declined many tempting offers of preferment in the church, in consequence of doubts on the points which had been adverted to. He believed that if certain alter ations were made in the church formularies many hundreds of dissenters would enter within its pale. Alter some remarks from the Rev. E. Wyailt Edgell, Rector of North Cray, Kent; the Rey. Thomas Sutton, Mr. Walter, Mr. R. Crofts (of Lincoln's Inn), Mr. Mason, and other gentlemen, the resolution was agreed to, the only alteration made being that suggested by Mr. Bennett. On the motion of the Rev. Blair Warren, se conded by Captain Ludlan, the following resolu tion was agreed to :-" That the clergy and aiity ought to go hand in hand to promote the following church reforms:--. A revision of the Prayer book; and, 2. A removal of the abuses attaching to church property and church patronage." A resolution was then passed appointing a com-. mittee to carry out the objects of the meeting as embodied in the foregoing resolutions, and to communicate with other societies having the same end in view throughout the kingdom. Several gentlemen present pledged themselves individually to use their beat exertions to promote the forma tion of such associations in their respective locali ties, and to become corresponding secretaries to the metropolitan association. 