CHURCH OF ENGLAND. MINUTES of Proceedings at a Meeting of the We. tropolitan and Stiffragan Bishops of the Pruviuie of Australasia, held at Sydney, from October l.sf to November 1st, A.D. 1850. REPOItT. The Metropolitan and Bishops of the Province of Australasia, having by the good Providence of God, been permitted to assemble themselves together in the Metropolitan Citv ,« t f Sydney, on the fir>tday of October, in the year of our Lord, 1850, and having consulted ' together on sin h matters as concern the progress of true Religion, and the welfare of of the Church in the said Province, and in the several Dioceses thereof, did agree to the decisions and opinions contained in the following Report— I. OBJECTS OF THE CONFERENCE. We, the undersigned Metropolitan and Bfshops of the Province of Australasia, in consequence of doubts existing how far we are inhibited by the Queen's Supremacy front exercising the powers of an Kt ciesiastica: Synod, resolve not to exercise siich power* on the pi rsent occasion. But we desire to consult together upon the various diffi. culties in which we.are at present placed bj the doulitful application to tbe Church in this province of the fo-cicsiasti. ca! laws which are now in force in England; tuul to sugg. <t such measures as may seem to be most suitable for removing our present embarrassments; to consider such questions as affcct the progress of true religion, and the preservation of Ecclesiastical order in the several Dioceses of this province ; and fiuaiiy, in reliance on Divine Providence, to adopt plans for tbe propagation of the Gospel among the Heathen races of Australasia, and the adjacent islands of the We«ti-m Pacific. We request the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Newcastle to act as our Secretary, and to embody our re.-o'.utions in a Report,' to be transmitted to the Ardibishops and Bishops of the United Church of England and it eland. W. G. SYDNKY G. A. NEW ZEALASP, F. R. TASMANIA, AUGUSTUS AUKI..\IDK, C. MELBOUUNE, W. NEWCASTLE. 11\. CAS6KS OF A.D. 1G03-4. We arc of opinhn that the Constitutions and Canons agreed upon with the King's Majesty's license, in the Synod negun at London A.D. i605, and published for the due observation of them by his Majesty's authority, under the Great Seal of England, form part of the established constitution of our Church, and are generally binding upon ourselves aud the clergy of our respective Dioceses. Vt here they cannot be literally complied with, in coiiiiequence of the a.tered slate of circumstances since tiie enact* ment of the Canons, we are of opinion that they mu«t be, as far as possible, complied with in substance. We concur also in thinking that a rcvisal and fresh adaptations of the Canons to suit the present condition of the Church is much to be desired so soon a« it can be iavvfui.y undertaken by persons pusscssiug due authority in that b -bait 111\. FTLTL'KE SYXODS AND CONVENTIONS, PROVINCIAL AND DIOCESAN. We arc of opinion that there are many questions of great importance to the well being oi the Church iu our Piovince. which cannot be setticd without duly constituted Provincial and Diocesan Synods. Without defining the exact meaning of the word Synod, as used in the Church ot England, whenever the word* * Provincial Synod ' or ' Diocesan Synod ' shall be used in the following resolutions, we understand a body composed of one or more Bishops, with representatives chosen from among the ciergv, meeting at such times aud in such manm-r <i& n.ay not be inconsistent with any l^aiv of Church or State. We undcistand the Functious cf Provincial and Diocesan Synod- to be these— 1\. To consult and agree upon Rules of piacticc and Ecclesiastical order within the limits of the Province or Diocese. 2- To conduct the processes necessary for carrying KHCJI rules into effect But not to alter the- Thirty-nine Articles, the Book of Common Piayer, or the : Authorised version of the Holy Scriptuics. 2.— Sub-division of Dioceses and Consecration of Bishops. 1\. We are of opinion that it appertains to a. Provincial Synod, with Ihe concurrence of the Diocesan Synod, from time 1o time, to decide upon plans for such sub-divis:on of Dioceses as niay be necessaiy for the" more efficient discharge of the Episcopal Duties, aud to recommend those plans for adoption in uccoidauce with the laws which shall be iu force at the time. . ' - 2\. We submit that no subdivision of any Colonial Diocese sh.uld be determined on in England without previous com. municatiun with the Bishop of that Diocese, in order that the pioposed measures may be laid before the Diocesan and Provincial Synods before they be finally adopted. 3\. We wouid further express our opinion, that if the Provincial Synod should recommend a Co.onial Clergyman fur appointment to fill a new or vacant Sec, the recommendation should be favourably considered by the authorities in England, and that the person designated to such See should, in conformity with ancient practice, be consecrated by the Metropolitan and Bishops of the Province, unless grave in. convenience be likely to ensue. 3.—Provincial and Diocesan Conventions. 1\. We are or opinion that the Laity acting by tbe Repreentatives duly elected, should meet in D;oce«tn and Pre. iucial Conventions simultaneously with the Diocesan and rovincial Synods, that the Cleigy and Laity may severally onsult and decide upon all questions affecting the temporaliies of the Cbuich, aud that no act of either order relating hereto should be valid without the consent of the other, £ That any change of ConHitutiwi''affecting th? wljolc body of the Church should be first proposed and approved in the Provincial Synod, but should not be valid without the consent of the Provincial Convention. IV. CHURCH MEMBERSHIP. We acknowledge as Members of the Church of England all perrons who, having been duly baptised with water, in the nauie of the Father Son and Holy Gho^t, are conformable to the Doetrine, Government, Kites and Ceremonies, contained in the Book of Common Prayer; it being understood that they are entitled to claim at the hand* of its Ministers the ritf-s and ceremonies of our Church, so long on y as they shall continue conformable to the extent above tequired. By a Member of the Church of England in full communion, we understand every one, who being conformable as aforesaid, is a partaker of the Holy Communion, as required by the rules of the Church. ' While we would leave the Synods and Conventions which may hereafter be appointed to fix the qualification of electors, we wouid express our decided conviction that all persons clected to serve as members of Diocesan and Provincial Conventions should be members of the Church in full communion. ; V. DISCIPLINE. I.—Bishops and Clergy. Tn consequence of statements which- have been made in various places, of the arbitrary power possessed by Bishops to suspend or revoke at their own discretion the licenses of clergymen, we disclaim all wish to exercise any such power, and we are of opinion, that in ail cases of doctrinal error, or other Ecclesiastical offences, the Bishops of the Province should be the Court for the trial of a Bishop, and the Diocesan Synod should be the Court for the trial of a Presbyter or Deacon, and that the Metropolitan and the Bishop of the Diocese respectively should be ex officio Presidents of such Courts, either in person, or by their Commissaries. Further, it would appear to be necessary that any Bishop or other Clergymen suspended or deposed by due sentence of the Court, should be legally incapable of continuing to. hold possession of any Church, Chapel, Stipend, House, Glebe, or other temporalities, which he may have held by virtue of his office. We are also of opinion, that the form of procedure in all cases of Appeal requires to be defined. 2—iAiity. Bearing in mind the wish expressed in the Commination Set 'vice, that the Godiy discipline of the* Primitive Church . may b- restored, we are of opinion 1\. That it is the duty of every Church to seek by spiritual ad monitions to reclaim those of its members who are living in notorious siu. We therefore ho!d it to be the duty of every Clergyman having cure of souls, privately to admonish all evil livers among those committed to his charge, * as need shall require, and occasion shall be given.' We would also remir.d the Lay Members of the Church, that the Clergy are required bv the Rubric to repel from the Holy Communion ail persons who are living in sin so open and notorious as that the congregation is thereby offended, and who after due admonition thill continue impenitent, and without amendment of life. Provided always, that every Minister so repelling any shall give an account of the same to the Bishop of the Diocese within fourteen days after, at the farthest And we aic of opinion, that it is the duty of the Bishop earnestly to »duionish every person so repelled to qualify himself by repentance for readmission to Holy Communion. Until the establishment-of a form of process by a Provincial Synod with the concurrence of a Provincial Convention, we are of opinion that in cases where all spiritual admonitions have failed to reciaim members of the Church, who are living in notorio s sin, it may become the duty of the Bishop, w th the aid and concurrence of his Presby e s, to pronounce such p r.»ons excommunicate so far as to release clergyman from the obligation to use the. burial service, if they should die without sufficient proof of repentance. But remembering the'solemn charge which we have received at our consecration, to. « bind up the broken, to bring again the outcasts, to seek the lost, to be so merciful as not to be too remiss, and so to minister discipline that we forget not mercy,* we are of opinion that it is our duty, as in evtry ease, so especially in those which have been here noticed, to ire faithful and affectionate admonition before we proceed to a:iy strict exercise of the discipline of the Church. VI. STATUS OF CLERGY. 1\. We desire to express our opinion that no clergyman who shall have been duiy appointed and licensed to any Church or permanent cure of souls, shall be removable therefrom except by sentence pronounced, after judicial enquiry, before the Diocesan Synod. 2\. That this rule should not apply to those clergymen who have been appointed and licensed by the Bishop to any charge expressly understood to be of a temporary nature. 3 At the same time we consider it to be most desirable in the present state of the Church of England in oi»r Dioceses, that candidates for Holy Orders should devote themselves to the service of the Church, in that willing spirit which, would induce them to place themselves at the disposal of their Bishop for some definite term of years, and leave to him the responsibility of appointing and changing their station during such period. VII. LITUEGY. 1.—Division of Services. \ We are of opinion that the Bishop of each Diocese, as Ord ' nal '. v » has a discretion to authorise clergymen, in cases of m cessity, to divide the morning service, by using either the IV. ' ornin fc Prayer, the Litany, or the Communion Service separa te l y» but ^^ each of the services so used should be read el ,tir e - 2.- —The Administration of Holy Communion. la pai "k^es where the" number of communicants is very -great, th e Communion Service may be used separately, and the Loid- ® Supper administered at an early hour, besides the usual adm inist ration at the morning service. In ;plact s where there is no morning service, the administration oi the Holy Communion may be in the afternoon if-necessity so require. I When th e Holy Communion cannot be administered in a Church, or < other building duly licensed for the celebration of Divine Servi ce, it may be administered in such places as necessity shalU require. 3.—Occasional Services. We are of t >pinion that no clergyman has authority at his own discretion to abridge or alter any of the occasional services of the Cbiurch. 4.—Eules fo.r Service on Saitits* days falling on Sundays, Should a Saint's day fall on Ash Wednesday, Good Friday, ' or Easter .Eve, or on Easter Sunday, Ascension Day, Whit j Sunday, or Trinity Sunday, or on Monday 01 Tuesday in I Easter and Whitsun weeks, the Lessons, Collect, Epistle, ! . and Gospel for those days are to be used. j When a Saint's day shall fall on any other Sunday, the j . Lessons of the Saint's day, unless they be from the Apocry- ! \- pha, are to be used, and the Collect, Epistle, and Gospel for , tiie Saint's day, with the Collect for the Sunday. 5 , Of Persons for whom the Prayers of the Congregation are desired. It is convenient that the names of the persons for whom the prayers of the congregation are desired should be mentioned -either before the .Litany or before the Prayer for all Conditions of Mcu« »s the case may be. . The words ' especnJfy thbse for whom our prayers arc desired,* inay he inserted in the Litany in their appropriate place. 6.—Thanksgiving Service. It is convenient that the names pf the persons who desire to return thanks should be mentioned before the General Thanksgiving. - . The words * particularly to those who desire now to offer up their praises and thanksgiving for thy late mercies vouchsafed unto them,* may be used for persons who have not been j-pocially prayed for. 7.—Offertory. We are of opinion that no clergyman can justly be suspected of holding opinions at variance with the sound teaching of the Church, in consequence of his compliance with the Rubric which directs' that upon the Sundays and other Holy Days, if there be no Communion, shall be said all that is appointed at the Communion, until the end of the General Prayer [for die whole state of Christ's Church Militant here m earth j, together with one or more of the Collects, concluding with the blessing.' 8.—Sponsors. Being aware that the Clergy have felt the great importance af having duly qualified Sponsors at Holy Baptism, we recommend that the most earnest endeavoure be used by them 1 t«» convey correct impressions upon that subject to their several flocks, in the liojie that suitable persons may he iu all cases provided to discharge the duties of that office. 9.—Marriage. . a. Within prohibited Degrees. Inasmuch as it is directed by the 99«h Canon that no 'perron shalj marry within the degrees prohibited by the laws of God, and expressed in a Table set forth by authority in the vear of our 1-0rd God 1565we are of opinion that any clergymau of the Province, who tliall solemnise matrimony between persons so related, will be acting in violation of the Law of the Church. Referring also to Canons 26 and 109,. and to the Rubrics prefixed to the Communion Service, we are further of opinion that persons so marrying within the prohibited degrees are iiable to be repelled front the Holy Communion until they have repented and be reformed. If. Of Persons neither of whom belongs to the Church. We are of opinion that Ministers of the Church of England ought not to solemnise marriage between persons neither of whom is of our own communion, except in cases where the marriage cannot without extreme difficulty be solemnised in any i-ther way. c. Irregularly Solemnised. While we recognise the validity of all marriages contracted in conformity with the faws of the State, provided that they be net contrary to the laws pf the Church, we would earnestly impress upon all members of the Church of England the duty of having their marriages solemnised according to the rites of tiie Church, and in no other way. d. Caution to be used. 1\. We desire to draw the attention of the Clergy to the necessity of exercising due caution before they proceed to solemnise marriage. 2\. We therefore recommend that the banns be thrice published, cxcept in case of marriage by license, once at least in the licensed p'ace of worship which is nearest to the residence of the .parties desiring to be married. . 8. And the Registers cf Marriage, Baptism, and Burial he kept, and copies sent at the times required by law. 10.—Churching of Women. We are of opinion, from the Rubric at the end of the service for the Churching of Women, that that service is not intended to be used foi persons who are living in such a state as would justify the Ministers in repelling them from the Holy Communion. 11.—Ministering to Dissenters. We are of opinion that the general principle of Colonial Legislation, by which the equality of all religious denominations is recognised, releases the Clergy of the Church of England in these colonies from the obligation to perform religious services for persons whs are not members of our own Church. VIII. HOLT BAPTISM. As Bishops engaged in the charge of extensive Dioceses, and debarred from frequent opportunities of conference, we do not presume to think that we can inform or guide the judgment of the Church at large; but at a time when the minds of pious'and thoughtful men are in perplexity, we cannot remain a'together silent, nor refrain from stating what we believe it to be the just interpretation of the Creed, Articles, and Liturgy of the Church of England respecting the Regeneration of Infants in Holy Baptism. We believe Regeneration to be the work of God in the Sacrament of Baptism, by which infants baptised with water, in the name oi the Father Son and Holy Ghost, die unto sin, and rise agpin unto righteousness, and are made members of Christ, children of God, and inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven. We believe this regeneration to be the particular grace prayed for, and expected, aud, thankfully acknowledged to have been received iii the baptismal services. We believe that it is the doctrine of our Church that all infants do by baptisfii receive this grace of regeneration. But remembering the words of our Lord instituting the Holy Sacrament of Baptism—Matt XXVI11. 19, 20—which enjoin that thev who are baptised, are to be made desciples and to be taught, we are of opinion that whensoever an infant is baptised, an assurance ought to be given at the same time on in his beha'f, by some one or more baptised persons, that it will be Lrjught up in the faith of Christ. We do not recognise in the infant itseif any unfitness which disqualifies it from receiving in baptism this grace of regeneration, for our Lord Jesus Christ does not deny his grace and mercy unto such- infants, but most lovingly d-jtli call them unto him. We do not believe that uuworthiness in Ministers, Parents, or Sponsors, hinders this effect of the love of Christ We believe that a wiiful neglect of the means of grace does not prove that the gift of regeneration was never received, but in those who so fall away after baptism, we believe that the consequence of their having been regenerated is to aggravate their guilt Finally, we would express, First, our cordial and entire agreement with the Articles and Formularies of our Church, in their pla n aud full meaning, and in their little aud grammatical sense. Secondly, our willing disposition to accept and use them all in the manner which is appointed; and, with especial reference to our present subject, to carry on the work of Christian education in the firm beiic-f that infants do receive in baptism the grace of regeneration. Thirdly above all, we would express our unfeigned thankfulness to Almighty God lpr the gift and preservation of these inestimable blessings. [Signed by the Bishops of Sydney, New Zealand, Tasmania, Adelaide, and Newcastle.] HOLT BAPTISM. Upon this subject the Bishop of Melbourne preferred to state his views as follows:— The doctrine of our Church concerning the nature and efficacy of Holy Baptism may, in my opinion, be stated in the eight following propositions:— 1\. Regeneration is that operation of the Spirit of God upon the heart, which produces a death unto sin, and a new birth unto righteousness. By regeneration we ^re made members of Christ, children of God, and inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven. 2' Baptism is the sacrament of regeneration, which is the particular grace prayed for, expected, and thankfully ! acknowledged to have been received in the baptismal service. 3\. The work of regeneration is wrought in all, whether they be adults or infants, who receive "baptism rightly—Ai t. xxvn.—but in none others—Art xxv. 4\. The Church in her office for the baptism of infants, : and in that for the baptism of adults, uses the language of faith and hope, aud is not to be understood as declaring positively a fact which it cannot certainly know, viz., that every baptised infant, or every baptised adult, is regenerate. 5\. The statement put into the mouth of a Catechumen, that he was in baptism made a member of Christ, &c.;, is to be understood in the same qualified application as the declalation which almost immediately follows—that by God's help he will do as his godfathers and godmothers had promised for him, and that he heartiiy thanks his Heavenly Father that He hath called him, &c;, 6\. Repentance and faith arc required of those who come to be baptised, but the Church is, silent as to the fitness or unfitness of an infant, 'who is incapable of repentance and faith, for receiving regeneration in baptism. 7\. The unworthiness of a Minister does not take away the effect of baptism, either in the case of infants or adults—Art xxvi. 8\. Parents are nowhere mentioned in the Articles, or in the baptismal service, but infants are baptised because they promise repentance and faith by their sureties. These sureties or sponsers are to be duly qualified persons, and no one is to be admitted godfather or godmother before the said person so undertaking has received the Holy Communion— Canon 29. The Church, however, has not positively affirmed that the unworthiness of sponsers disqualifies an infant for receiving the grace of baptism. The truth of the following four additional propositions may also, 1 think, be gathered from the scriptures, and is perfectly consistent with the general tenor of the Articles and formularies of our Church, viz:— 9\. Sponsors, who themselves repent and believe, m ty and ought to expect most confidently the grace of regeneration, fur the children whom they bring to be baptized. 10\. While the Church may, and ought to use the Ian. guage of faith and hope respecting all infants brought to be baptized, impenitent and unbelieving sponsors are not entitled to expect any blessing from an ordinance which they only profane. J1. Children who have been baptized are to be taught to regard God as their Father, and to love and trust in him as having redeemed them by liis Son, and sanctified them by his Spirit—to pray that, being regenerate, and made the children of God, by adoption and grace, they may daily be rtnewed by the Holy Ghost—Collect for Christmas Day—to consider the guilt of any sins which they may commit against God, as aggravated by their having been baptised, and brodght up iu the faith of the Gospel. 12\. Our personal repentance and faith are the only sure evidence of our being spiritually the children of CioJ. Having thus stated my own views of the doctrine uf our Church concerning Holy Baptism, 1. would unite with my Right Reverend Bretheni in expressing f. My cordial and entire agreement with ail tiie Articles and Formularies of-our Church iii their plain and fail meaning, and in thcirliteraland grammatical sense. 2\. My willing disposition to accept and use then; in the manner which is appointed; und, with especial reference to our present subject, to carry on the work ul' £ laistku educa- tion in the firm belief that infants do receive in baptism the grace of regeneration. 3\. Above all, my unfeigned thankfulness to Almighty God for the gift and preservation in these inestimable blessings. IX. EDUCATION. 1\. Schools. We cannot incur the responsibility of seeming to countenance any system of erroneous, defective, or indefinite reigious instruction by incorporating oursejves with the Boards, either general or local, which have the regulation aud super, intendence of schools so conducted. But wherever a Church of England School cannot be established, the clergy, after communication with the Bishop, should consider it their duty to remedy, as far as possible, the evils or defects of any schools to which Church children may be sent by their parent*. % University. We are of opinion that the establishment of the University of Sydney may promote the growth of sound learnings and may in many ways assist the Collegiate Institutions of the Church of England in our respective Dioceses Bu: while we are not unwilling that the Students in our Diocesan Colleges and Schools should compete with all other classes of Students in such public University, examinations, on general literature and science, as may be established- by a Senate, appointed under Ordinance or the Colonial Legislature, we should decidedly objcct to any University system which might have the effect of withdrawing from our Collegiate rule the Students educated in om separate Diocesan Institutions. 10 Australian Board of Missions. The objects of (lie Australian Board of Missions are twofold— Domestic and Foreign. 1\. Domestic—The couversion and civilization of the Australian Blacks. 2\. Foreign—The conversion and civilization ortlie heathen races in all the Islands of the Western Pacific. sionary action deviating in many respects from the practice of j other Mis- ions. j 1\. The low state of barbarism in which these races now ! are seems to require that .a select number should be brought l under the most careful training at a distai.ee from their own ! tribes. | 2\. The unsettled habits of the Australian blacks require j the same corrective, and further suggest the necessity of pro- : viding religious instruction for them rather by means of visit- > ing Missionaries,than by fixed Mission stations. j 3\. The multiplicity of languages makes it necessary tocon- j duct instruction in some one language common to all, which must be English, 4\. The unhealthiness of many of the islands makes it advisable that Missionary action shouid be canied on rather by long visits of the F.nglish Missionaries during the healthy season, than by the occupation of permanent Mission stations. The difficulties to be expected in this work, perhaps to a greater extent than in other Missions, are— 1\. The low state of barbarism in which these races now are. 2\. In the Australian blacks- the unsettled habits of the race. 3\. The multiplicity of languages and dialects throughout the whole field of operations. 4\. The unhcalthiuess of many of the Australasian islands in ceitain seasons of the year, especially from January to April. TheStf peculiar difficulties must be met by a p!au of Misj ' J 