Tho Drawn Battle betwoon Jemmy Massey arad Jerry Noon, for £100 a-side Strange changos happe» ns tho world grows older. Tho days aro not long past since those who patronisod pugilism ns thc exponent of truo courage nnd manly hearing-tho admirers and supporters of the ring through good and through evil reputo-tho men who proclaimed its merits and condemned its backsliding"-could travel a short way in a long timo to seo a'flglit. and were not disappointed. Then tho day was found long enough to settle their " differences of opinion :" theil, hy sunset (without n summer's day. or a polar one, where thcro is no real night), and wtth timp to spare, they could find out thc best man. Not so in these modern times. True, that with thc wings of stoam, they may fly far Afield, covering scores of miles at a speed that makes tho traveller sinilo when lio thinks of the snail's paco of a" chaise and pair :*» but at his journey's end can he reasonably hope ' that the business of tho trip will be brought to a legitimate and (..atisfactory conclusion t We fear uot. The great Samuel Johnson., who once thrashed a browor's drayman in Fleet-street-thus showing that a Litchfield sehoolina.ter was a different sort of nuini'il to an Austrian Fi old Marshal when left to his own resources-wroto » book, tho last chapter of which ho headed thus i " The conclusion-«heroin nothing is conclud- ed." Old Sam, who was « thorough Fullish man, and said. " Sir, tho man who can't defend himself don't doitcrvo tho naroo of one," must havo had an oyo to modern " selene." The chapter of accidents, the duration of daylight, tho shiftlngs. droppings, coming on and getting* off, thc stand-stills, the ono can't and the t'other dare not, go now-a-days to AU up the conclusion, wherein nothing is concluded. In making these' remarks we apply thom not alone to the fruitless fight we are now chronicling, or to either of the combatants in particular, but to th« general character of the management of milling lu these times. We fear we aro getting top clever to Uo honest, and that what with cunning contrivance, needless delays, pretended etiquette, and unmiti- gated humbug, we shall refine and improve till it will be a question for a reference to tho alma- nack, to settle whether the' earliest hour of morning must not bo' consulted aa well na, thc 'first coming on at night, to/know whether a journey ami a fight can be managed on tho a ime day. They used to get two, three, or four od in the samo ring ; hut now lucky is th» ring-goer who can aoe ono finished. Well thru, oh Tues- day morning some . three hundred ]H>ople were whirled to Dean, 82 miles from London, where on a knoll, amid a tuft nf trees, a short distance, from the Tillage, Old .Tom Oliver, with Tom Callas as his first lieutenant, soon knocked np si ring. The doings of the men are duly recorded in the pages of " FUtiana,** and tbe files of Dell. It will therefnro be unnecessary to say .more than that Jommy. Massey and Jerry Noon have, for a long time, desired to bavé a" shy." at each other for lovo or money, or both; :A certain author says, " you can't haVo.a right-down ene- my unless bo has at some time bcon.frleuds with you ;" nnd auob wei believe to havo been the ease hero. Originally' tho, articles, stipulated . that Massey was to " find 7 a man to' fight Noon for £\00, at Hst 41b, but lt waa soon, known that he meant bimsulf to take down Mr Noon's conceit, if bo could. All tho deposll* were made, good, except that at ' starting, Noon being absent at Keene and Hayes' fight. Massey claimed nud received forfoit of. j£tO, . although tho otiah was in the bands of the stakeholder*! representativo. Massey trained at Wokingham undor tho men torshlp of. Sam Rast, and looked all that co lld bo oxpeotod. Ills woight was 9st 91b or Sib.' Noon sterned Ano as a star. Jlo.hail taken his bathings and his. breathings at Brighton, with Jack Macdonald. ' Noon's general appearance, bis light', elastic, thorough bred look, and re- markable height nnd length, for tho weight of 9s{ 21b. coupled With his qulcltnoss, youth.' arid' froslinosS, inado his frionds ready to sjiemtlnto at ti to 4.' \ They »non stink to loss odds, and tn . lovel, hythe rlhg-sldo.' Massey's frame, always that oí n pocket, Horculos, was thicker sot' than ever, bis flesh weight being some dnr.on pounds nbovo lila .forrrfor 'fighting standard. At two o'clock' Jemmyi'Wçlsirand Sam East haying der. JlrèrMMaàscy nt.lllo'ïcratçh, rind Johnny Hau.. non and Jaok Macdonald dono tho Uko service ns esquires to Noon, daddles woro crossed, mid ¡it it, ihey,went¿ .after each posting a "'quarter of n hundred'! in tho stateholdur's hands a» a byo bct of their own on tho issue of .'. ' : : THE FIG OT. .; '. Round. 1.-There was evidently " no love lost" hotweon tho tuen as they threw themselves into position : Massey looked flereo as (Ire from under his beetle brows; suggesting tho idea of n lion about to mako his rushing, attack, ifoin. light, agile and springy, played from right to loft ou his toes, changing the position of "his h inds every moment, and smiling with an open- faced confidence that was'so nenrimpudenro ns to bc provoking. ? His very elasticity of step, and the posturing of his attitudes seemed to say;" If you try it on anywhere or anyhow I'm ready for you." Masaey appeared to fool this, for ho nt onoe set to work, and precipitated himself like a shot nt Master .Terry's caresse:'he received a smart nobber for Ids precipitation, hut got home somehow with h's right. It wai not «(lectivo, and Noon, skipping from thc blow, dropped his left smartly on- his adversary's cheek. Massey bored in, Noon . fought up twice at half arm, they closed : and Massey forced,Noon down in a scramble, at tho centre slake.-2. Massey again' opened the ball : sharp counters : Noon on Massey's nut, Massey just- reaching Noon's waistband, which was covered: with a strengthen- ing plaister. Another closo; Noon hit Massey several times In'tho body whl'e Struggling ; in the closo Massey got Noon undermost. [.. 'Where's your clover-wrestler now?" Even betting.]--3. Short- sparring. Noon popped in a rap on Massey's mouth : Massey countered, but found his man out of his reaoh. so in' ho plunged, napping a smack on tho head. Tho mon closed : mutual fibbing, folloivud by a sn vero struggle, in which Massey tried tu .heave Noon' by mam strength, but tho latter; after shifting his leg two or three time«, threw lils man cleverly. [Shouts for Noon ]-4. Noon, smiling, and on the constant move. Jemmy re- solved, followed him wherever ho turned, letting go his loft, which was neatly stopped. [.' Drop it into him, Jerry, he'll stand it." cried Johnny Hannan.] .Noon took tho advice,and ns Massey stepped forward, caught him oh tho right eye and jumped back ; Massey followed bim in- stantly, hitting out savagely-'-'right and left nt the body ; Noon delivered twice smartly on Jemmy's bullet nob, but did not prevent Mas soy's rush, who got homo a rib roaster that shifted tho plaister before mentioned. ''Noon fell, cunning, and forced a grin.---6. Massey came for it, and Noon met him with a sort of push in tho chest or neck ; Massey got on to Noon's check in an exchange. A rattling rally, in which blows wero exchanged, and tho pepper- box handed smartly from ono to t'other; Mas- sey, however, seemed to ho most plentifully helped to tho *'cayenne," nnd both'wero down in a scramble, [Firit Hood for noon from Mas soy's right eye, and a blush of crimson on his lips.]-6. Sparring; a panne by mutual con- sent, just to' get tho boliowB in regular action, both " blowing off" in consequence of tito very fast paco they had been going. Mnssey scorned to think Noon most tired, and went nt him on tho bustle. Ile got homo his left, but rather short, and missed his right; when Manor Jerry, quiek ns thought, hit up twico with thc right on Massey's mouth and left ear. Tho " short-tin " seized him round tho waist, mid hugged bim as n bear would a maplo-log. Noon, in trying to shift his loving squeeze, laid hold of his man ncar tho hand [cries of " foul"], lie quietly shifted his hand, and after . few tremida of violent efforts on both sidos. Noon throw Massey huavily ((¡to 4 on Noon).-7. A scrambling rally, and both down, Neon first ou tho ground. 3\. Noon, as - before, quickest, end at best distanco in tho exchanges. A closo and a break, Noon thrusting Massey away from him by plac- ing his hand« across his' face. Auotber wild tally; Massey «aught hold of tho upper ropo and stumbled,, and Noon ff ll under thom. 9\. Ding-dong. Noon pinked Massey artistically, hut ho would hot bu denied. T.ittlo Hercules " laboured " AW-IV, and the sound of several of his " pile drivers" on som« parts of Mr Noon's carcass were audiblo to tho bystanders. Noon administered an upper cut with tho right on Massey's forehead, then, ducking cleverly, turned completely round, and, hitting up «gain, illuminated his adversary's titlo pago in tho red ink stylo of the old almanacs. Mnssey slipped stepping back, and foll.-10. Noon'mat Mas soy again in's, counter hit; Massoy's right reached Noon's body, and the latter put his j left-on Massey's eye, . winker that-raised an ugly swelling., Half-arm kitting, in which Massey worked away desperately,; at last they got to a hug on tho. ropes, anil Noon turned .Massey in'the' fall.--ll. Pretty stop» ; Noon tried to load off, but llttle'Jemmy parrie d'hi m neatly; i Repeated ollera, but out of distance. Noon, again, tried the postman's rat-tat by » double hit with the left. The Ûrst was stepped, and thu. second jumped back from. .[Laughter, aud cheering froni th« Mkaseyltes ;-" It's only beginning now.] : Noon let go his right a swing, and caught Massey ort the hard part of the know'edge-box above tho «ar ; he . shook his 'daddle, and skipped b ick.. Massey dashed in ose, two, nt the body, slipped down, mid Noon tumbled over bim.' - [Thirty minutes.]--13. Exchanges, and an embrace in the corner ; a break away. Noon turned Massey, who fell on his knees In the corner. [A claim of " Foul," on tho ground that Noon struck Massey whon ' on ' both kneea ; but a man who ls holding ano- ther with bia taft arm, that other hanging pur- posely with his whole weight on. him, cannot 'possibly extctly tell when thc knees'(ouch tho ground.-" Go 'on."]--13. Noon blt Massey on the left ear, and la the el ise threw him cle- verly.--14. Noon propped hi» man. but seem- ed tender of his right. Massey rushed to work, and ding-dong waa the order of tho day. At last they embraced fraternally, and Masaoy anden--¿IS. 'A scrimmage. Noon following Massey iuto bis cornor,"whore ho slipped down, but, jumping up, renewed, and attacked Noon. [Cries of " Foul," and an appeal. A little 1 " time" was tho article wanted ]--Noon throw 1 Massey, after lending hi m'a slap lu tho mouth, and having the ' loan ; returned by a ' sounding piuioh in the ribs.-17 to 25. Masaey atilt made tb« onslaught ; but, instead of wrestling, ho dropt on his bnees ak th« conclusion of almost every--round.---30.? Massey'soomed to bo detorminwd lo " do or die." ' ? Ile ohnticed lila hob to get nt Noon's victualling department..but got grasped and held up for soma very unplea- sant fibbing, till ho got down"to hts knees. 27\. ' Noon caught bia hool, 'mid slipped on his south pole beforo a blow waa exchanged. [An appeal, but it was manifest acoidont. "Go on."] 23\. -Noon, fought on tho retreat, "turned round, weilt on, faced about again, ami Massey ran him' down 'at 'thar ropes.-2i to 80, Tho host of-tho King's Hoad began to look more like-th» proprietor of. tho Saracen's Hoad; and some hat'd-boarted Noon.lad irreverently, com- pared Mr Jemmy's Jowl to its sanguinary iiainosake. Hut If the billi was battered ohtaido, all was sound within t and bo carried on tho,attack so gallantly, that it was,thought tho gay. ollppor- built, light-looking, orafo opposed to him must soon strike its aolours from s failure of aili munition j hut 'this was ' not to bo. Noqn nov'or lost his prosouco of mind mi Instant t ho felt lils sttporlority in rcnoh. skill, mid activity, mid was always , rendy nt long shots or close quarters. In, tho 34ih Masse* simmod to bo gottihg '"'foggy j" ho jiáúsod,'hammed, arid re- tiring a. sfep or so, put'his hand* dbwri Y thiur. foldod his arms; Nortrt: Imitated1 Iitrrfvseeming ?nlsoi lo np,hurry¡ After a fuw second*! of co'ii-t itoipplatlon.'Noon put up lils liaiúls¿nud,.\\}nssoy jumped nt him.misscd.nnd fell on his k;ic*s to closo thc round.-3ÍI tu 45. Very similar la character : except that Massey; in nlnunt orory instance, got, down to his knees, dropping in tlis rally or tho closo to avoid being thrown, [Iii. 25min ]-10. A slaughtering round in out- ward nppiviranci', hut its effects were, not vdrv risible. The men fought ni nil- jvirt» of tho ring,'and their mawleys wure iu rapid action. Noon's precision of aim wa» ns remarkable as ever, but the weight of the shot was very doubt- ful ; or else Jemmy's head is, as it partly loo'i». shot-proof. Noon threw Massey .neatly.---17. A sharp shower of rain. Noon got up listlessly, and seemed looso in his attitude.' ' [' lie's tired of it," cried tho Massey Indi] Massey seamed so too,,for ho was in no hurry to begin, Ex- changes-á Hcramblo':' Noon undermost, on his fice-a mero dog fall. Massey laughed n* h< was'lifted up.-- IS The speed rcniarsaMy slackened. There was much, rubbing nnJ chating of leg« nt Noon's corner, towardt which ¡Massey loo'iod with his l>y-ii"-ttie.nn very briirht optios. " Time ! time!'1 but Imth KÍIKM were .deaf, or worso than that, w.mld not huar. At last Noon showod nt the scratch, ami 'Masse* followed s-i'. A s*:ort r>nnd aud Maisey foll. [A claim of " foul,'- oí fie plo» tint Noon pnt bis thumb in Massey's month at rho rup<?<.] 1 49 to SS. Anybody's brittle : a little einbrae'ng at the ropes, ending éatih time in an appo il from* ono side or other, upo'i all sorts of scratchings, gougings, X'c,, Ac, which existed 'nowhere but in tho ready inventions of the very xe-ilous gou tlemen interested i.'i lin» atfiir. Th-» ivfore» said " go on ¡" hut it is one thing to 'say " di> so-and-so." and another to getohe.ed.-3'1 to 60\. Tho men improved much as the nin held ott a little, and set to work in earnest. In tho 59th round Massey ponged away sound i ugly nt Noon's ribs in tho, corner, .and Muster Jorry got d'<«ti from thu warmth of tho reception [cheers from ?tlio'Masseyltcs] --Ol tb 70 Noon had the best .of tho hitting, and Massey still getting do vu oa Iiis knees, which led to several' trumpery ap- peals. ? In'tho flltli. after »roharigu«; which seemed to bring both to a stand-sti'l¡ Noon closed and throw Massey heavily-wit-hWhavcrook',. filling on him.--71 to 7,1. Noon assumed th» offensive, and drove Massey into his own comer. Cloudy, dark, and rainy. Two hours twenty minutes.-74. Noon shook as if :nm>ctcd by the cold, sod Massey looked as puzzled sui pi* in a pound. [.* lt won't lie over to-night.," cried on unconscious prophet.] Tho IIV.MI alternately advanced and retreated. Massey junipod In with a right hand plunge, got hnnij». and in a scrambling way foll.- 70. " Tim«.» but "neither of thom seemed to mind about I:. Noon, however, was first to leave his corner. "Ile lent Jemmy a pat on tho mouth, who re- turned it'with a luft-hand smash on tho jaw. Noon slipped down.--70. A long paus». Thc» had made up their minds that it wasn't to "com* off'' that-day. Massey folded his arms, and Noon imitated him, nodding his libadla token of agreelngwith that mode of proceeding. ^Nomi's taotios told him that Mas«cy, with his swelled maxznrd, stood a good chance of having his shutters put up ; while Mussoy fl ittered himself that he could stand tho exposure and keep lil« strength:better than his opponent. ? A closo, nud Massey got down.--77 to 80. Threo short and inelTbctiro rounds. Noon ducked, and both wore down in tho Inst.-81 to 83. Noon workod Massey into his coauor, whore ho gut down;-- , 80\. Noon was cautioned not to carry tho war ¡tito the enemy's camp, as tho light wu« fust fading. Massey wouldn't como; far out.. - A rally. Noon uppercut Massey and throw'bim, but foll by his side. [Two hours mid forty minutes.]-87 and 88. Moro'contemplative attitudes. Tho short November day was dying, and the referee called upon them to got nour, or le.-ivo off. Massey dropped in an exchange of pushes.--S9. A deliberate survey, couflrinod by mutual nods ; perhaps each shook his head hocauso " there was nothing in it.". The spou titors seomed to think the fight «ns next to nothing ; BO tho referee, with tho assent of leith umpires, stepped into tho arena, and declared .tho battle a drawn one, nt two minutes before fivo, tiuo'hourt and fifty-eight mimtte*' being consumed iu tho unfinished fray. , . REMARKS.. As the mon may moot ngaln, and ns " a fight . is never lost till its won," wo shall refrain from observations on nu uncompleted affair. Wv sus- pect Master Nonn has begun too carly nnd got on too fast. Moro bono and less gristle, niora steadiness and experience, and a little rubbing off boyish " üaslinoss," would make him a most I formidable competitor for anything, near hf» ' weight in tho P. ll. The gettlng-dowu" dodge ! was anticipated from him by. his opponents, and tlioy(wore especially nnxious to remind tho re- feree of the rocnt resolutions generally agreed to, though not yet-embodied in any nmondmeiit of tho written law." To show how diftoront opponents make a man fight differently., Massey -the liou-beartod Jemmy-wns tho man who went down Ave times out of six. not from pusil- lanimity, hut bouause it would hhvo boen- mora , fool hardiness and throwing away tho fight to act otherwise. Tho skill, longth, and height of Noon gavo him an advantage,, which all tho bull- dog'resolution and lasting qualities of'!Vlnssoy could but just counterbalance.. À spin to'town on a rainy dreary evening was effected lu thees hours. Whether tho combatants intond :, to " fight it out" , or " draw,", wohavo yet to loriru ¡ but both' say they wor'o " winning in. a banter.'' Prom such cantors, tho ghost of Tom Crib de- liver Ul. , ',..',',:: ;,...' :i . ; 