THIS GOLD. (From the Melbourne Argus, October G.) On Saturday, wo endeavoured to show ono (lun- ger which was very likely to nccruo from tiio wonder gold discoveries which, within this week or two, have tended to disorganise society in this colony. Wo aro strengthened in our im- pressions of the liability to descend into a condi-' timi of utter lawlessness, by the remarks of Mr. Gibbons, who loctured upon tho subject of the gold fields on Saturday, whoso authority ns an intelligent eyewitness is invaluable, and who narrated several cases of robbery which have already occurred. Considering our close neighbourhood to that nest of infamy, Van Dicmcn's Land ; tho recency of tho timo when our streets furnished a daily list of robbery and murder ; and tho kind con- sideration of the Shamrock and scrow-propcllor in constantly infusing a fresh spice of villnny into our constitution ; considering tho tempting opportunities afforded by a rich gold field, and tho utter inadequacy of anything that we have hitherto even heard hinted at in tho way of police protection, and tho vigorous administration of the law ; is it unreasonable to ask how long it (nay be till outrage rages to that extent, that self-preservation, the first law of nature, causes us to forgot British laws and British customs; till « Vigilance Committees" be resorted to, for that protection which more complicated processes cannot render ; and tho quivering forms of mur- dered victims, innocent nnd guilty together, are suspended from tho branches of our gum trees ? We havo now another peril to which to direct attention, not less serious even than that of tho destruction of all low. Tho danger is no less than that of the possibility of an impending famine. Such is tho disorganising effect of a rich gold field, that if the prosent excitement osts, or nnythlng like the present excitement, lthoro will be very great difficulty in securing tho crops at tho forthcoming harvest. Our noxt most important annual crop, tho wool, will not bo gathered, wo fear, cither as completely, ns farly, or os carefully OB it should ho ¡ but wo linvo misgivings still moro serious as regards our grain.' Tho shcop-owncr is not tied to a week or two ¡ ho cnn shear in tho grense if driven to it ; or at tuc last extremity ho can postpono his shearing altogether for a year. Tho wool grows on, and there is no great loss ultimately, wo holiovo, in hs proportionate weight and valuo. But it is not so with our wheat. Tho long days como round ; tho qom ripens fastj a hot wind blows «croes tho country ; tho corn whitens, .and bonds, nnd.rustles ', in another week it sheds upon tho ground, rots, and ia irrecoverably lost. Till» would bo bud enough If wo had no ona but ourselves to provide for. Hut there is every, probability that with tho approaching harvest must ho fed many thousand more mouths thau at present aro numbered amongst us. it hus been calculated that tho nows of tho Bathurst gold discoveries would reach England about tho I ¡Hil of last month. After a short pauso of cau- tion and incredulity, wo think it likoly that a very extensive wave of emigration would set in towards these shores, which, combining with tho contributions from neighbouring colonies nut! India, will cause our population to incrcaso in a far greater ratio than we have ever yot seen. Tho same ships that bring us mon may bring us cargoes, but they will not bring us bread. We shall have plenty of hardware, crockery, slop trousers, and bottled porter, but we shall not im- port much wheat or flour. Tho vessels that loft Sydney to purchase grain in tho South Amcrirau ports have not boon successful in getting any. California is nn cager purchaser for a largo por- tion of tlic surplus of tho other Yankee .States ; und wo really do not know in what direction to look, with a reasonable prospect of a supply. livery grain, then, which is grown upon pur own lund, is of importance, and wo ought, and in good time too, to begin to weigh tho possibility ufa very severe dearth, and to do all in our power to uvert or modify it. As an artiulo which may become a valuablo .substitute in ouse of extremo need, wo wou'd point to rico; and wo believe thut it would bo expedient to encourage its more gene- ral consumption amongst us, that if driven to depend moro entirely upon it, the chango will not bo quito so sudden us it ctherwiso would be. 'We should bo very glad to sic- thc attention ot'our merchants directed to this as ono means ol'meet- ing ali possible contingencies. Tho doctrines of freo trade aro in the ascendant; the days of Siloes uro past; but they must not slacken iii their vigilance, and salli r tho community to bo betrayed hy misplaced confidence, into ull tho horrors of famine. Tho very Important nspoct presented by tho recent discoveries, viewed from whatever side, will require the most careful und diligent con- sideration of every intelligent man amongst us. Tho timo is come, then, for tho concentration of such shara of wisdom ns our Legislature is likoly to furnish ; and it is tho duty of tho Lieutcuant Governor to advise with it ut tho earliest possible period. Ho appears to bo driving otf tho evil day, till so Into n timo that it will bu aldo to do no- thing but scramble through tho estimates ; and considering tho character ol' the man, wu do not wonder at Iiis shrinking from confronting oven such a ghost and mockery of popular represen- tation, ns ho and hi» friend Sir Charles Fit« Hoy IIIIVO left us. Hut tho thing must bo done; and although we can excuse a few wry faces, as wo do with a child screwing up its courage to take physic, deep national interests aro now at stake, anil days aro coming which will not submit to be trilled with. Tun PIIESS-Ono of tho Goolong newspapers tho Victoria Colonist, has yielded to the pressure of thc times : all hands having " sloped" for the diggings. A promito has been given to resume in two mouths, but this will, wo think, bo found to bo only a genteel stylo of literary decease. Tho Geelong Advertiser announces in the same issue, that it will bc compelled to diminish its size. A new paper is to bo started at Buninyong, entitled The Prospector and Buninyong Gazette. Argus. TUB GOLD FKVKR.-A medical friend informs us that tho prevailing epidemia somewhat resem- bles ordinary fever nt its commencement, as tho premonitory symptoms uro restlessness, anxiety, and a disinclination to follow one's ordinary avo- cations. JJuringjjtliO'first stage of thu attack, a sulfercr may be kiiown hy an unshorn hoard, a. dirty face, and nn omlrvo bandit appearance. As tho disease advances, tfio patient sticks a short pipo in his mouth, and assumes a red shirt and a pair of moleskin trowsors. If the symptoms aro unchecked by a riso in his salary, all objects ho views appear of a golden hue-excitement termi- nates in delirium-"ono morn wo miss him from tho .'customcd spot"-and tho nnswer, to all tho anxious inquiries ol his friends, is (hat ho was lust seen ou a loaded bullock dray, provided with u straw mattrass, a till pannikin, a shovel, mid a oradlo. -Ibid. . _ 