I&ttle;&ia;&tital; finttiligoux. THE SYNODICAL ADDRESS OF THE FATHERS OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL OF THURLES TO THEIR BELOVED FLOCK, THE CATHOLICS OF IRELAND. , .; (Concluded from our last.)': .:? '\\. ? OPPRESSORS OK THE POOR, CENSURED. ? ??-': ? j '(, For our parts, did we omit, on this- important' occasion, admonishing and eihortingyou, by all the motives which religioivcah supplyj to .snccotir your afflicted brethren, ; and .-to treat them with all possi ble kindness and compassion, we should not; only, fail in one of the most obvious.ahd essential duties : of the Episcopal charge, but pass over, in criminal; ilence, one of the subjects with which Prelates, - when assembled in Synod, are obliged to occupy themselves. On the day on which the Church placed the pastoral- staff, in our hands,, she made; mercy to the poor one' of the subjects of that solemn examination to which she subjected us : hence the constant remembrance and concern for the poor ex pressed in her canons ; and hence those decrees and regulations of such frequent recurrence in her Councils from Chalcedon to Trent, whereby the various charitable establishments for their relief are placed under the 'authority and control o£ the Episcopacy. The' Council of Toledo (Ann. 633, c. 22) amongst others, admonishes Bishops of the charge placed on them by God to protect and defend the people ; .and accuse them of criminal neglect, if they sulier the poor to be oppressed without rais ing their voice in their defence and vindication. Whilst, then, the miseries of our destitute brethren appeal to the charity and compassion of all at the present time, they press with peculiar force and weight upon our hearts. 'We behold our poor not only crushed and over whelmed by the awful visitation of heaven, but frequently the victims of the most ruthless oppres sion that ever disgraced the annals of humanity. Though they have been made in the image of the living God, and are purchased by the I31ood of Calvary — though the special favoricesand represen tatives of Jesus Christ — we see them treated with a cruelty, which would cause the heart to -ache if inflicted' on the beasts of the field, and for which it would be difficult to iind a parrallel save in the atrocities of savage life. ' The desolating track of the exterminator is to be traced in 'too many parts of the country — in those. levelled cottages and roof-' less abodes, whence so many virtuous 'and indus trious families have been torn by brute force, with out distinction of age or sex, sickness or health, and flung upon the highway to perish in the ex tremity of. want. But let not the oppressor and the wrong-doer imagine that the arm of the Lord is shortened in Israel. For ' lie will not accept any person against a poor man, and he will hear the prayer of him who is wronged. He will, not despise the prayers of the fatherless, nor the widow, when she poureth forth her complaint. Do not the widow's tears run down her cheeks, and her cry against him that causeth them to fall ? For from the cheek they go up even to Heaven, and the Lord that heareth will not be delighted with them.' — Eccles., c. xxxv., v. Iff — 19.) And again, ' Do no violence to the poor man because he is poor, and do not oppress the needy in the gate. Because the Lord will judge his cause and will afilict them that have afflicted His soul.'' — (Prov., c. xxii., v. 22,23.) Hence the woes pronounced by James against the perpetrators of such cruelties. ?' Go now, ye rich men, weep and howl in your miseries,, which 'shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are moth eaten. Your gold and your silver is cankered, and the rust of them shall be for a testimony against- you, and shall eat your ?flesh like fire. You have stored up for yourselves wrath against the last clays. Behold the hire of the labourers who have reaped down your fields, which by fraud has been kept back by yo;u, crieth, and the cry of them hath entered into the earth, and in riotousness you have nourished your hearts in the days of slaughter.' — (St. James, c. v., v. 1 — 5.) But whilst defending the rights of the poor, and announcing the woes with which the Gospel threatens their oppressors, it becomes our duty also to admonish the former that the merits, privileges, and rewards which God has annexed to their state, can only be secured by the exercise of patience and resignation. The moment they become, their own avengers, enter into secret and illegal combinations, condemned so severely by the Chrch, and have re course to deeds of blood and violence, they loose all resemblance to that Divine Model, who, in- suffering . for them, left them an example that they should tread in His footsteps, as well as all right to that future joy in which none can participate save those who have shared in his afflictions here below. In stead, then, of being impelled by the promptings of that' sanguinary resentment, which, far fram alle viating, their sufferings, never fails to aggravate them with tenfold bitterness and intensity, let them treasure deep in their hearts, and constantly recall to their remembrance those consoling promises of Jesus Christ—' Blessed are ye poor, for yours is the Kingdom of Heaven. Blessed are ye that hunger now, for you shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now, for you shall laugh. Blessed shall you be when men shall hate you, and when they shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil forthe Son, of Man's sake.' — (Mat. c. v.) One of the worst fruits of the false teaching of the 'age has been to generate a spirit of contempt, hard heartedness, and hostility to the poor. The mam mon of jniguityyuot'the. spirit of Christianity, and the, avarice winch the Apostle denounces as the root of all tv'Vnot the 'charity of Jesus Christ, have furnished 'the principles and the maxims by which they .have been estimated -and ranked in the social scale;.: Whilst the Q-ospel everywhere breathes res pect, love, and commiseration for the destitute, pouring its heavenly t^oiiiolatianS into their des p mdmg hearts, and shedding it3 undying halo over their darkest sufferings, continually dissipating the clouds which the arrogance and terror of this .world have cast around them, and revealing the dignity and privileges with which their Divine Master has invested them ; the spirit of error, on the contrary, either denounces them as the great nuisance of the moral world, for whose removal or abatement the laws of nature and religion are to be outraged, or, by endeavouring to give them an :undue and extravagant exaltation in the social scale, seeks to counteract the order of Providence, and thereby considerably . augments the prejudice 'and aversion with which they are regarded. How admirable is the teaching of the Catholic Church upon this important matter. Guided by divine charity, she exhorts the rich to; put on bowels of compassion for the poor— to consider them as .breth ren— to respect them as members of Jesus Christ ; and, at the same time, she teaches the poor to res pget tile rights of property— to .honour the rank and station of the great and powerful— -to ? be obe dient to those in authority — to be grateful for fa yours received — and to pour forth fervent prayers for. their/benefactors. - . -. Instructed, dearly beloved, in the true nature of the relation in which you stand towards the poor, as well as in the duties which you owe them, it should be the object of all to mitigate, as much as possible, the. severities of. their lot ; those amongst you who fill the responsible office of guardians of the poor should weigh well the. sacred obligations of your stewardship, and the rigorous account you must render of it on a future day — 'Whilst those who are charged with the office of supervising' and ad ministering to their wants -in the asylums and workhouses where they ar? placed, should be care ful to treat them with the consideration, mildness, and humanity that are due to the suffering mem bers of Jesus Christ. THE JUBILEE. . But as it is impossible to discharge our duties to the poor, or to fulfil the other engagement of our Christian vocation, without the assistance of Divine grace — and as prayer and the sacraments are the medium instituted by Almighty God for conveying that grace to the soul, all should be fervent and persevering in employing these inestimable and consoling means of mercy and salvation. One of the principal objects of the present assembly has been to render these resources more abundant and accessible to all — to stimulate the zeal and piety both of Pastors and people for the accomplishment of so desirable a purpose — to diffuse as widely as possible the knowledge necessary for a due prepa ration for the sacraments, in order to remove every obstacle to their efficacy — and, above all, to animate the faithful to a worthy -and frequent participation of the bread of life. Humbled by the recollection of the manner in which we have hitherto abused those precious graces — of the base ingratitude with which we have .repaid the favours of the .best .of. benefactors, and of the scandals which have drawn from. His paternal hands those heavy chas tisements, by which he seeks our correction and reformation, let us .pour out our hearts before Him in penitential sorrow — recall in bitterness of soul the sins by which we have outraged his Divine Ma- ; jesty— fervently resolve on a perfect change and amendment of life, and approach with the requisite dispositions to that Fountain of Mercy in the saora meiit of Penance, where the guilty and perishing ? soul is cleansed, purified, revived, and strengthened by the blood of the Lamb. An opportunity most favourable for the accomp lishment of all these objects will soon be offered to '. you. His Holiness has been pleased to grant to us the indulgence of a general jubilee, which will commence on St. Michael's day next, and will con tinue for three months ; we exhort you to avail yourself of the treasures which are thus opened to you by the Church, in a spirit of true penance and compunction, that God, appeased by our repentance, may look upon us with compassion, and deliver us from the evils that overwhelm us. THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION. That our prayers may be more efficacious, let the ever blessed and immaculate Virgin, so faithful -to all her disciples ; so compassionate to the afflicted and the erring ; so merciful to all; whose name is enshrined in the hearts of our people ; the never failing Star of. Hope, that has cherished the sorrow ful vigil, and dissipated the darkest storm that ever threatened the, destinies of our Church — she, under whose gracious auspices this Synod was opened, and under whose maternal protection it now closes { 'its labours — let this help of Christians be fervently and constantly invoked by you in all your devo tions. This Most Holy Mod er has been Jong re cognised and venerated by our predecessors, us the general patroness of all Ireland ; and it is ou»*'wish that she shall be for the future invoked as such under the title of the Immaculate Conception. To obtain more effectually the assistance of 'this our powerful advocate m the present wants and calamities that overwhelm us, we have determined . that her Litany shall be recited before the Parochial Muss on every Sunday and holiday of obligation, in the churches and chapels throughout the king1-: doin for the next twelve months, together with the Ci- lljct ' pro qu.- cunque tribu'atione,'1 which Collect is also to be inserted in the Masses of each day during the same period. Let that glorious Apostle, to whose charity, la bours, and sufferings you are indebted under God, not only for the blessings of the Faith, but, in no small measure, for the preservation of, this Divine gift, be also earnestly supplicated by you when ap pealing to the throne of grace, nor forget those other holy advocates to whose efficacious interces sion the voice of the Church and your own -experi- ence bear testimony. Receive once more, dearly beloved, the assurances of our devoted chanty and heartfelt intprest in ail that concerns your welfare ; and in bidding you farewell, and imploring the benediction of 1 Jeavun on yourselves and on all who are dear to you, as well as upon, all your labours and concerns, suffer us to exhort you, in the words of the Apostle, ' To walk worthy of the vocation in which you aYe called — careful to keep the unity of the spirit; in the bond of peace. One body tuid one spirit ; us you are called in one Iiojkj of your calling. One Lord, one Faith, one Baptism. One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us all.'— Ephs. iv. 1, 2, 3, 5, 5. 'Loving one another with the charity of brotherhood, with honour, preventing one another. To no man ren der evil for evil. Providing good things not only in the sight of God, but also in the sight of men. If possible, as much as in you, having peace with all men.'— Rom. c. xii., v. 10; 17, 18. ' Let every soul be subject to higher powers; for there is no power but from God ; and those that are, are or dained of God.' ' Render therefore to all men their dues. Tri bute to whom tribute is due ; custom to whom cus tom ; fear to whom fear ; honour to whom honour. For he that loveth his neighbour fulfilleth the law.' —Rom. c. xiii. v. 1,7, 8. 'May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with you all, Amen.' — 2 Cor. c. xiii., v. 13. This pastoral address was read in full Synod, and unanimously adopted, and ordered to be published. f Paul, Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of all Ireland, and Delegate of the Apostolic See, President of the Synod. ?j- John, Bishop of Clonfert, D. O'Brien, Vic. Gen., Waterford . P. Cooper, Canon of the Chapter, Secretaries Dublin. - of the P. Leahy, President of the Col- Synod. lege, Thurles, Thurles, Monday within the Octave of the Feast of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary, in the year of our Lord, 1850. 