REPORT PROM THE SELECT COMMITTEE ON -THE NEW CONSTITUTION. The Select Committee of the Legislative Council, appointed on the 8th instant, ' to prepare a remonstrance against the Act of Parliament 13 and 14 Victoria, cap. 59,' recommend the. following de claration and remonstrance, for the adop tion ot this Council. We, the Legislative Council of New South Wales, in Council assembled, feel it a solemn duty which we owe to ourselves, our constituents, and our posterity,' before we give place to the New Legislature es tablished by the 13 and 14 Vic, cap, 59, to record our deep disappointment and dissatis. faction at the Constitution conferred by that Act on the. colony we represent. After the reiterated reports, resolutions, addresses, and petitions, which have proceeded from us during the whole course .of our Legisla tive career, against the schedules appended to the 5 and 6 Viet., cap. 76, and the ap propriations of our Ordinary Revenue therein made, by the sole authority of Par liament— against the administration of our Waste Lands, and our Territorial He venue thence arising — against the withholding of the Customs Department from our controul —against the dispensation of the patronage of the Colony by or at the nomination of the Minister for the Colonies— and against the veto reserved and exercised by the same Minister, in the name of the Grown, in all matters of Local Legislation ; we feel that we had a right to expect that these un doubted grievances would have been re dressed by the 13and 14 Viet., cap. 59 , or else that power to redress them would have been conferred on the constituent bodies thereby created, with the avowed intention of establishing an authority more c.ompe . tent than Parliament itself to frame suitable constitutions for the whole group of the Australian Colonies. Theae our reasonable expectations have been utterly frustrated. The Schedules, instead of being abolished, have been increased. The powers of alter ing the appropriations in these Schedules, conferred on the Colonial Legislature by this new enactment, limited as these powers are, have been, in effect, nullified by the subse quent instructions of the Colonial Minister. The exploded fallacies of the Wakefield theory are still clung to : the pernicious Land Sales Act (5 and 5 Viet., cap. 36.) is still maintained in all its integrity; and thousands of our fellow-countrymen (in consequence of the undue price put by that mischievous and impolitic enactment upon our waste lands, in defiance of tha prece dents of the United States, of Canada, and the other North American Colonies, and even the neighbouring Colony of the Cape of Good Hope), are annually diverted from our shores, and thus forced against their will to seek a home for themselves and their children in the backwoods of America. Nor is this all. Our Territorial Revenue, diminished as it is by this insane policy, is in a great measure confined to the intro duction among us of people unsuited to our wants, in many instances, the outpourings of the poor-houses and unions of the United Kingdom ; instead of being applied, as it ought to be, in directing to our Colony a stream of vigorous and efficient labour, cal culated to elevate the character of our in dustrial population. The bestowal of offices among us, with hut partial exception, is still exercised by or at the nomination of the Colonial Minister, and without any refer ence to the just and paramount claims of the Colonists, as if the Colony itself were but the fief of that Minister. The salaries of the officers of the Custom and other depart ments of Government mentioned in the Schedules are placed beyond our controul ; and the only result of this new enactment, ushered as it was into Parliament by the Prime Minister himself with so much pa rade, and under the pretence of conferring upon us enlarged powers of self-government, and treating us, at last as an integral por tion of the British Empire, is-, that all the material powers exercised for centuries bv the House of Commons, are still withheld from us. That our loyalty and our desire for the maintenance of proper order are ao far distrusted that we are not permitted to vote our own Civil List, lest it might prove inadequate to the necessities of the public service. That our Waste Lands, and our Territorial Revenue, for which Her Majesty is but a trustee, instead of being sponta neously surrendered as an equivalent for such Civil List, is still reserved, to our great de triment, to swell the patronage and the power of the Ministers of the Crown. That whilst, in defiance of Declaratory Act (11 Geo. Ill, cap. 12, sect 1), which has hitherto been considered the Magna Charta of the representative rights of all the Bri tish Plantations, a large amount of our Public Revenue is thus appropriated by the authority of Parliament, we have not the poor consolation of seeing that part which h applied to the payment of the 'salaries of our Public Officers distributed as it ought to be, exclusively among the settled inhabit ants ; and that, as a suitable climax to this general system- of misrule, our Colonial Legislature is not allowed to exercise, the most ordinary legislation which is not sub ject to the veto of the Colonial Minister of the day. Thus circumstanced, we feel that, on the eve of this Council's dissolution, and as the closing act of our Legislative existence, no other course i:i open to us but to enter on our Journals, our solemn declaration, pro test, and remonstrance, as well against the Act of Parliament itself (13 and 14 Viet., cap. 59) as against the instructions of the Ministers by which the small power of re trenchment that Act confers ,on the Colo nial Legislature has been thus over-ridden; and to bequeath the redress of the grievan ces, which we have been unable to effect by constitutional means, to the Legislative Council by which we are about to be suc ceeded. We, the Legislative Council of New South Wales, do accordingly hereby, so lemnly protest, insist, and declare as fol lows: — 1st. — That the Imperial Parliament has not, nor of right ought to have, any power to tax the people of this Colony, or to ap propriate any of the monies levied by au thority of the Colonial Legislature ; that this power can only be lawfully exercised by the same Legislature ; and that the Im perial Parliament has solemnly disclaimed this power by the 18 Geo. III., cap. 12, sect. 1, which Act remains unrepealed on the Imperial statue book. 2nd. — That the Revenue arising from the Public Lands, derived as it is wholly from the value imported to them, by the labour and capital of the people of this Colony, is as much their property as the ordinary Revenue, and ought therefore to be subject only to the control and appro priation of the Colonial Legislature. 3rd. — That the Customs and all other Deparments should be subject to the direct supervision and control of the same Legis lature ; that it should have the appropria tion of the gross Revenues of the Colony, from whatever source arising ; and as a necessary to this authority, the reg ulation of the salaries of all Colonial Offi ces. 4th. — That all offices of trust and emol ument should be conferred only on the set tled inhabitants, the office of Governor alone excepted ; that this Officer should be appointed and paid by the crown ; and that the whole patronage of the Colony should be invested in him and his Executive Coun cil, who in, its dispensation should be wholly unfettered by any instructions from the Minister for the colonies. 5th. — That plenary powers of Legislation should be conferred upon and exercised by the Colonial Legislature, for the time be ing ; and that no bills should be reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's Plea sure, unless they effect the Prerogatives of the Crown, or the general interests of the Empire. Solemnly protesting against these wrongs, and declaring and insisting upon these our undoubted rights, we leave the redress of the one and the assertion of the other to the people whom we represent, and the Legis lature which shall follow us. W. C. WENTWORTH, Chairman. Legislative Council Chambers, Sydney, April 29, 1851. Fisher's Ghost. — The discovery of the late murder in the Hunter district, through the instrumentality of a dream, has given the lovers of the wonderful much to think about. While they are in the humour, we will ask them if they ever heard the story of Fisher's Ghost? It is a colonial one; nearly parallel with that of Cott's, aod con nected with circumstantial evidence in the same degree. It occurred twenty or thirty years ago. Fisher, who was one of the parties who had at one time a paper mill in the neighbourhood of Sydney, had a small property at Campbelltown, on which a man of the name of Worrell, resided as his as sistant. Fisher was the holder of a condi tional pardon, and having been seized on a charge of slabbing, he was apprehensive that, if found guilty, his punishment would be severe ; to avoid the total loss of his property he conveyed it formally to Wor rell, without other consideration than that the latter would if required return it to him again. The crime was clearly proven ; but he was leniently dealt with, and got only six months imprisonment. After his re lease he was seen to go to Worrell's house at Campbelltown. Ten days afterwards, inquiry was made about him, but he was no where to be found ; Worrell representing that Fisher was disgusted with the colony, and after disposing of his farm at Camp belltown, had left New South Wales never to return to it. This story was believed. A fortnight passed by, and Fisher never having made his appearance, the represen tation of Worrell seemed to be confirmed. At this time a reputable person named Vardy, a district constable, on returning with his horse and cart from Sydney one moonlight night, had occasion to pass by a fence, near the creek on which Fisher's horse paddock was situated. To Vardy's astonishment, he beheld Fisher leaning over the fence gazing into the paddock ; and thinking he had changed his mind and come back again, Vardy called out to him ' Hallo, old boy ! are you back already ?' Receiving no answer to this, Vardy walked up to him ; but when within a yard of the fence, perceiving as he thought Fisher's eyes shut, his cheeks sunk, and the ge neral outline of the figure distinct, and yet a want of reality about it, he stopped short after asking the same question once more. According to Vardy's story often related to his family and friends, Fisher without mak ing any answer, slowly, raised his left arm, and extending his finger towards the scrub in the creek, he disappeared ; or, what was just the same, Vardy saw him no more. In fact Vardy affirmed that it was Fisher's ghost, and that it was the face or shadow of a murdered man. Vardy was frightened about what he had seen, which his family communicated to the magistrate, Mr. Howe ; and suspicion having arisen, that Fisher's absence was not properly explained party four days after, accompanied by Vardy, and a black fellow named Gilbert, went to the spot as indicated, where the mysterious interview took place. On the top rail over which Fisher was seen to have leaned, Gil bert rubbed a piece of gum leaf, and after smelling it, said ' white fellow fat !' He then went down the creek, and driving the ramrod of his gun through some leaves and earth, and pulling it up again, smelt it, and said ' white fellow here !' They dug, and found Fisher's body ; the back of his skull fearfully fractured. Worrell was appre hended : sufficient circumstantial evidence ultimately came out; he was tried, found guilty, and sentenced to be executed. While in the condemned cell, he confessed that Fisher, on his liberation went that night to look at some favorite horses in the paddock, that he, Worrell, to make himself master of the property, came behind him while he leaned over the fence at the pannel described by Vardy, and with a blow from a heavy split rail, he broke his skull and thus murdered him on the spot. He then buried the body where it was found by Gilbert! Worrell was hanged. We can not enter into a disquisition on the subtle subject of visions or dreams. The only difference in the cases of Fisher and Cott is that the murder of the one was discovered by virtue of a wide-awake vision ; while that of the other was a midnight dream. In like cases, the assistance of constables was required, and it was through the vision or suspicion of the one, and the intelligence or sagacity of the other, that these two murders were followed up. — The Press. Secular Education. — You make not your relief to the deaf, or to the blind, or to the lame, or to the sick, to wait on your knowledge of a man's creed. If you saw a child or a man struggling in the waters, you would not question him what his faith was ; whether he could repeat the catechism, whether he received the authorised version, whether he were baptised, whether he were Jew or infidel, before you would stretch out your hand to help him ; nor, if I under stand Christian precept aright, may you, unvisited by God's anger, see the heart and mind of man, whatever be his faith, strug gling, oppressed with the heavy load of secular ignorancs, with dangers worse than those of the waters, unto a death' worse than that of the body,' and not stretch forth hand to lift the burden, to help that heart and mind in its more than mortal struggles, If I cannot admit that we may exempt our selves from lifting the burden of secular ignorance, from those even who name not the name of Christ because of their unbelief, much less can I admit it in the case of those who, though baptised unto the same Lord, hold out what we conceive to be erroneous doctrine. In the matter of secular instruct tion there enters no possible ground of scruple as to teaching the truth or not — the subjects are as perfectly distinct as giving a staff to the lame,' or medicine to the sick, is distinct from teaching the truth. Nor can it be argued that secular instruct tion cannot be separated from religious instruction ; that it can be so separated, even in the same school, is matter of fact and experience.— r-Sermons on some of the Subjects of the Day, preached at Trinity Church, Marylebone. By Gilbert Elliott, D.D., Dean of Bristol A Man of WAx.—The Pittsburgh Visi tor, United States, contains a letter from the well-known American sculptor, at Florence, Mr. Hiram Powers, detailing how some fifteen years ago he gave way to a frolicsome boast of Mr. Henderson, the actor, that he could pass himself off as a wax model, in Mr. Power's studio. He was accordingly made up, being dressed in cha racter, and so placed that his head was propped so as to render perfect immovable ness -unpainful, as ? ' Henderson, the actor, in the character of Sir Francis Gripe.' A connoisseur was admitted, and viewed him over by candle-light, finding fault with the spindle legs, which caused the model to change countenance, as Henderson was rather vain of his legs. Mr. Powers pro ceeds -. — 'Thevisitoi- suspected no trick as he held the lamp above, then below, the better to examine the work. The actors eyes had been kept so long open, without winking, that moisture was beginning to collect in the corners ; observing which, our critic exclaimed, ' Marvellous ! Mar-r vellous ; How in the world did you conr trive to make these tears'? Did you use gum Arabic or copal varnish V At this, a friend, who stood at my side, laughed out-0 right. I was obliged to laugh also, but the actor maintained the ludicrous gravity of his countenance. The critic appeared confused for a moment, but he soon became aware that a trick had been played upon, him, and suddenly turning upon the wax figure, he seized it by the nose, and the tweak be gave it would have proved fatal to a waxen proboscis. As it was, it b'rough some additional moisture to Henderson's eyes, and an exclamation from the mouth of'D ? -n it, don't!'' ' Are you an Odd Fellow ?'-—? No, sir ; I've been married for a week !* ?' I mean, do you belong to the order of Odd Fel lows ?' — ' No, no ; I belong to the order of Married Men.' 'Mercy, how dumb! Are' you a Mason ?' — 'No ; I'm a carpenter by trade.' 'Worse and worse! Are you a Son of Temperance?' Bother you, no ; I am a son of Mr. John Gosling/ The querist went away. ' ^& -? ?- A Family Cast Away on Lake Supe rior. — A Mr. Griswold, wife, and small child, with a boy about 17, the son of a Mr. Haverstraw, set out a few weeks since in a skiff from Eagle Harbour to reach Ea gle River, some ten miles distant up the coast. Mr. Witherell was engaged build ing a Government light-house on the point projecting out into the harbour from the main land, and saw the company as they rounded the point on their perilous voyage. It was blowing .quite strongly off land, and fears were entertained that a change of the \yiod would beach them on a bold and bad shore. Determined to' have plenty of lee way, the little craft was observed Jo put out some distance into the lake; and was soon lost sight of. It never reached its des tination. Days and weeks passed, nothing was heard from the adventurers. The coast between^ the two points was daily traversed, and pieces of the wreck supposed to be found, but no tidings of the sufferers. At length all hope was given up, and their friends mourned them as dead.. But the sequel proved otherwise. After three weeks' absence this little, crew were all found safe at the Saut. They had been picked up two weeks before by a coasting schooner on the Canada shore, whither they liad been seven days drifting. The dis tance across the lake at that point must be from 250 to 300 mile3. It appears that the boat got too far from shore, and the ?wind increasing drove them into the lake. Wight came op, and the wind not abating, .the bsat was put in charge of the lad, who was a half-breed, and well acquainted with the lake.'' He got up a sort' of sail, and put before the wind for the Canada shore. Seven days and nights they spent on this lonely sea without seeing a vessel, without shelter, and without, food. The wind changed several times and kept them for days out of sight of land, \yhen found, they had entirely surrendered themselves to their fate. Haw they lived so long under such exposure and without food, is a most .unparalleled mystery. Their discovery was a mere accident by the schooner, which happened to be coasting along the Canada shore; Altogether, this is one of the most remarkable incidents that has ever occurred in these lakes — 'noted as they are for ad ventures, shipwrecks, and escapes. Thb Fighting D. ukb.~ In the course of the present week our diligent city speech criers have been turning the Hero of 'Glen Tilt to profitable account. They have been .bawling night after night through our streets, lanes, and closes, the high sounding name of the Duke of Atholl as having fought ' a great pitch battle with a Cambridge student, in Glen Tilt, for 36500 a -side.' Many thousand persons, in Glasgow, who read no newspapers, and know little of pas sing evente, have thus heard of the duke for the first time in their lives as a redoubta ble champion of the ' ring.'— Glasgow Cit izen, Loud Byron on Clean Hands.— In an amusing letter to a friend in Paris, in 1817, his lordship said : ' I never was a great phrenologist, Pauline, nor do I pretend to tead mankind as quickly as yourself^ but if a stranger comes in, I generally look at the state of his hands. To a gentleman, dirty hands are an abomination ; that set tles one point. A respectable man never presents himself with dirty hands and foul nails— so if I find my customer with these credentials, I conclude that he is an idler, a drunkard, or a scamp, and I show him out as soon as possible. 