LOCAL ZNTSLLi'GENCS Suicide ny a Lunatic. — Charles Parsons, recently committed to gaol by the Adelaide Bench as a dangi —to lunatic, avail ing himself of Ilia temporary absence of tiie turnkey, committed suicide by cutting his throat with a razor. The Wesley.vn Bazaar wns re markably well attended on Friday, belter in- dm d than on the previous days. The gross receipts during tho three days amounted to £370. Tills evening, at six o'clock, the re maining goods will be offered at rcsistl ss prices, for the purpose of clearing the wliolo surplus away. A Caution to Fraudulent In solvents.- Thomas Ilarward, formerly carry ing on business as a licensed Victualcr, in Htndley-strcct, Adelaide, has been sentenced to ten months imprisonment for fraudulent preference to one of bis creditors previous to the declaration of his insolvency. The Lauour Pressure. — By our last advices the want of female servants was severely felt in Adelaide. All tho needle women were eagerly snapped up on their arrival. Frost, the Chartist Convict. — Tilt s individual has addressed a scries of let ters to Sir William Denison through the public press, on the subject of convictism. The Pleasure Trip to tiie Heads. — From all nccounts tho trip from Grciong to the Heads, in the Aplirasia, on New Year's Day, was on admirable affair, and gave unbounded satisfaction to all parties. A split at Head Quarters.— Some unpleasant differences have Hrisen amonget parties high in authority relative to a matter of patronage. An individud was recom mended by a superior to an inferior for a certain appointment, but the recommendation not having the desired effect, hence the equahble. The Melbourne Hospital. — Mr. AVillinin Love has obtained the appointment of Clerk and Collector to the Melbourne flospilal. Surgical Operation under the Influence of Chloroform. — A man residintr on the Svdnev side suff-ring from virus received into the system in killing a diseased bullock, had his arm amputated a few days since above the elbow, after ha ving been subjected to the influence of chloloform. He suffered nothing under the operation, and the next morning waa up as well as ev-r. The Melbourne Benefit Building Societt. — At the monthly meeting this Society held on Friday evening at the Temperance HhII, the amount re ceived was £204. The report of the opera tions of the Society for the previous year was read and adopted. The following gen tlemen were elected office-bearers for the current year President Mr William Clarke. Stewards — Messrs James I) >b- son i nd Hu jh Lxing. Committee — Messrs R. Heales, J. Wollaston, C. J. Mills, Henry Milltr, Georire Mouritz. J. It. Fr.-zer, Robert Cadden Kobert Knox, John Urophy. The president announced that the entrance fee would for the future he £25, and that a sale of shares would tike place at the nnxt meeting. More Prosecutions und n the Building Acr. — The assistance recen'ly afforded lo the Building Surveyor, by an addition to his st ,ff, has enabh d that officer to keep a sharp look nut for violations of the Building Act, which have hitherto been neither few nor far between. On Friday, an information was exhibited against Ed ward Ferine- sy fur refusing to pay the sum of five pounds, being the fees upon cert. in buddings recently erected by him. and the complaint having been substantiat-d, the defendant was ordered to pay the sum of five pounds, nnd four shillings and sixpence coits. ...A similar complaint against Carle Z than, for the non-pnytnent of one guinea, was supported, and the defendant ordered to pay the amount with costs ...Edmund Fitzgerald, against whum an information had been filed, for non- payment of fifteen .tlCillL-a— - — » — — .,—1 .1. -r court .... John trolly, who h»d object- d to pay the sum of five pounds, the amount r.f SuiVryor'a fees, in consequence cf which an information bad been laid against him, nas directed to pay the amount with costs.... In the case of Edward Pope, charged with not having given the Building Su-veyor four days notice of his intention tn erect a certuin building, by which he hid subjected himself to a pen -lty of twenty pound-, be sides three time9 the amount of the Sur veyor's fees, the Bench reserved their deci- -ir.n till Friday next. The Late Hobdep.y at Flkmington. — Daniel Green, in custody upon Su-p;cion of having robbed a Mrs Coutts of between fire and six paunds, at Mr Dunbar's lodg ing house at Fiemington, the particulars cf wh'ch appeared in our previous issue, was on Thursday biought before the police court for further eiamlcati'.n, when Mr Dunbar staled that upon the prisoner and his two companions, -il we'd mounted, ar- riving at Ins house, he asked them ir he should feed their horses, to which the pri soner repliid 'No, as they were net Mtn'-d,' meaning th.t they ind no nt-.cs-y ; yet within a few minutes of this a-rartioh being male, upon Green beir.g searched he ws-> found to have about him as nearly as pu-si- hlethe sum of which Mrs Coutis had h-en robbed. No portion of the money c.uH he identified, but the adjudicating magi-t.-ate, Charles Payne, Esq.. remarked that th-re were so many su-pi:iou, ch-cum".ir.:;t con nected with tiie cis -, that he should re quire Green to enttr into his own retog- n zances f-r twenty-five pounds to appear when called upon. The n»ce>s try re: sg- n'zances having been entered into Green was discharged. Putting the Saddle on the Right House. — On Thursday a young feilaw named George Shaw was arraigned at the police court on au«picion of having stole-, a .-j.n. e .» house of Mr Sheidy, of the Richmond Hotel, which had been left et that Louse by Dr. Campbell. It app?aredthst the prisoner and two other parties, oce of them nvtned Green, charged' with the robbery at Flera- ington, til" particulars of which will be found in this day's ittue, put up s: Mr Sheedy'sh -use, and after remaining there for about ten daye, left on Tuesday morning Inst, anil in the evening of that diy Shaw returned, saying that his mate Green had been given into custody for a robbery at Fiemington ; and Mr Sheedy having in the interim missed the saddle give Shaw Into custody on suspicion'of being the thief Mr Dunbar the landlord of a lodging bouse at Fleming- ton proved that on Tuesday last at about breakfast time, Shaw accompanied by tw o other parties arrived st his bouse and bad breakfast, shortly after which upon the rob bery ulready alluded tot iking place, he de- sired them not to leave the premises until the arrival of a constable. After they had he- n searche1, Shaw left and the saddle which had been stolen from Mr Shecdy's was on-- of the three which the prisoner and his com panions brought with them, but he was unable to ssy which of the three parties rode upon the stolen saddle on their arrival at the house At parting however, Mr Dunbir noticed tlmt there was some "swap ping" or changing of saddles between the prisoner and one of his companions. The case was fraught with great suspicion, but Mr Payne, J.l'., did not consider there was sufficient btfore him to justify him in de taining the prisoner upon the present charge nd he was consequently discharged. Perjury.— Mr John Tciry Uughcs has retorted tho charge of perjury UV" M'Evoy, but the magistrates refused to enterlain thu caso. _ , The Markets.— Again wo ask wnat has become of tho report of the com- milieu appointed by the City Conned to enquire into the management of tho Eastern and Western markets. The Eastern murk' t might as well not bo in existence at all for the facilities which it affords the residents in the vicinity of sup plying their wants. We venture to predict tlmt the system of leasing the markets will be abandoned ns injurious to the conve nience and interests of the public. A Witness from the Guaa e.— Wc recently alluded at some length to tho discovery of a murder by a dream, the murdered man being Benjamin I Colt, a farmer residing near Maitland, ana tho supposed murderercr a man named Hayes against whom the onroner's jury- re turned n verdict of wilful murder. Upon more minutely perusing the evidence wo find that an nxe was found in Il-aycs Itottso with stains c-f Mood on it ond onc trhde hair resembling the hair found on tho head of the skeleton. Sly Grog Selling. — borne of the keepers of the lower class of lodging houses in the city arc strongly suspected of carrying on an extensive trade in sly grog selling ; a sharp eye is consequently being kept upon them by flic police. Aristocratic Emigrants.— Amongst the first emigrants to the Canterbury Settle ment in New Zealand are \ iscount Maude- vilie, M. lb, and Lord Frederick Montagu, sons of the Duke of Manchester ; Sir Thos. Tancred. of Borough Bridge, Yorkshire, Riid the Hon. F. Wortley, a son of Lord Wharncliff'-. Release from Durance.— lownend, a clerk in the Commercial Bank, Sydney, convicted of extensive embezzlement from thnt establishment, was released from gnol on Christmas doy last. Seize him Tovvzer.— On Friday, an in- formation was exhibited at tho instance of the Chief Constable for tho city, ogainst Michael Murlagh for suffering a dog to rush at and attack a horse on whioh Mr I'enton was riding through Little Bourke Street. The complaint was proved and the defendant was fined twenty shillings and four shillings and six pence costs. It hi# high titrc some vigorous measures were adopted for the sup pression of the canine nuisance. Forgive and Forget.— On Friday, upon tho cross saces of assault Thomas Pluck ogainst Thomas G avin, and Thomas Glnvin against Thomas Pluck being call.-d on at the police court, it was ascertained that neither of tho partita were in attendance, but were swearing eter nal friendship to each oilier at a house hard iiy over n pacific nobbier. Thus it is that the time of the magistracy ond officers of the court is da'ly trifled with, 1 lie only- consolation being that Her Majesty's coff-ra nre enriched by proceedings being t-n-a- menced by a parcel of bltu kli-'iuls who after wards see'g.iod cause in abandon them. Alledgkd III Treatment of an Orphan Girl.— The magistrates will be called Upon this d iy (Saturday ) to investi gate a charge of ill treatment preferred by an Orphan girl named El'zi Will.ihan. against Joseph Orr, of Colling vood, from whom she also rlaims a balance of wages nf about six pounds. The girl was chaig- d a few days since with intent tn commit Filicide, on which occasion a razor was found in her pos-=e-sion, and she stated that she had iicen driven to contemplate self destruction in consequence of having been turned upon the wide world in a state of utter destitution by lier master ami mistre#s. Gross Intimidation and Absauit upon a Witness for the Crown. — O i T mrlA.u ,ji.C.11a»-.>. — .1 .. n0m„t_\S 1..,. formerly a constable attached to the depart ment of the Crown Lands Cominissiuni-c for the county of Bourke, appeared upon sumnons ot the police court, before Messrs Payne and S'.urt justices of the peace, to answer a charge of having violently assault ed a person named Thomas Harding, resi ding at Richmond, one ol the priiicip.il witnesses against the parties accused of having taken a leading part in the disgrace ful affray which took place in that local ty on Boxing Day. Harding, who is a very- decent man, is employed by a blacksmith residing at Richmond, and stutcil that 011 Monday last he was called upnn to give evidence against the Murphies relative to tiie riot at Richmond ; on the following day the whole of the Murphies', accompanied by the defendant, came up to the shop at which Harding was employed, when one of them came in and requtslrd a light to his pipe w hich was supplied him, and he then remarked to Harding ' Oh ! you're one of the — — who gave evidence against lis, you'd better look out." A few moments after litis the defendant came tip lo Harding and pushed against him so violently ihul he neatly Ml- Harding (li-sbed him not to be so insulting, otherwise he Wuuld get a war rant out against him, upon which the dt- fendant, instead of do ;isthg, caught hul l - f Harding by the throat, shook him violently, t ire his silirt ai.d cloth' s to pieces, u-ul threatened he would knock his brains out. Murphy then left the prembrs, and Harding, in a st.it 1 of exkau tin- , sat down upon a bench, but hud nr b=en tlu-r- many ininutis wl.eti Murphy re turned, and seizing a red but poker flouri.h- d it about him in a threatening attitude, and tiunting Harding with having brought a stiff from London, asked hint if lie thought he could use it and ag.in caught him hy t . threat, upsn which Harding struck tlio L Ho a tremendous blow between the eyes, and tin bultv then showed the white f nthrr nail ile camped. The only defence urged hy Murphy was that hu was drunk at the time. He was filisd twenty shillings for tiie assault, and twenty shillings costs, or fourteen days im prisonment, being allowed seven days to piy the amount. This fellow wc learn Is u candi date f r rcidmhilon to the policu fotcc; surely lie will not be successful Rather Susriciot'r. — George Shaw, an arrival by the Joseph Soanics, was called upon at the Police Court, on Friday, to ac count for two skeleton keys, and a large Spanish dirk having been found in a bundle belonging to hitn, which ban been ldt at the Globe Inn with instiuu- tlons that it should bo given to a cairler who would call for it. Subs -qucnlly some suspicious circumsta ices aroso which cau ed the bun-He to be cximin d by the police, when the ailicles allu-lcd to wire found. 3'iaw denied all knowbdgo of the keys, and siutc ' that having just arrived froin the iut-rior lie carried the dirk with h-m for protection. His s'.ory relative to having been for a consider able time in the bush and having just arrived in town being shewn to he tru-, he was dis charged with a rccomm ndiition to have town as quickly as possible. Well Known Character. — J im s Bueklty whom wo iilln, led to in n re cent number as h iving again honor. 1! this p-oviuce witli a visu, having p oriireil his ticket of leave in lb.- .Sidney district, whither lie hail hrrii transported fur a highway roll- lory eommit'i'd in this previ ire, wai on Fri day arretted as a prisonei of the Crown ille gally at large, and will he brought Inforo the police court this day (Saturday) to unwer the charge. Important Prosecutions under Till! Bcildi.no Act-— Mr Evcrlst tho Build. Ing Surveyor attended tho policu court on Friday, for tlio purposo of prcfcrlng a cotn. phlnt against Mr Thomas Ptirncll tho coonct of Elizabeth-street, for a violation of thu pro. visions of the Building Act in erecting g 1 wooden building in Little Colllns-strcct ' without giving four days notice of his inten tion so to do, hy which tic bad subjected him. self to a forfeiture of tlncc times .the amount of the fees payable for the erection of the building, namely five guineas, and a penalty of twenty pounds. Mr Evcrist could not speak as to lite precise ditc when the build- ing was commenced, but was enabled posi tively to stato that it wos prior to the 25th of December ; bis attention bad been attrac ted to it in consequence of tbc; carpenter then being engaged at tbc work j he had received no notico whatever of any intention to erect such a building, which being used as a' work, eltnp, enmc under tho second cln-8 of build- ings mentioned in the Building Act and the fees paynhlc upon it would bo one pound fifteen shillings, Mr J. M. Smith who appenred for the defendant urged as a preliminary objection that the act provided it should be the duty of the master builder to give tlio necessary notices, nnd as Mr Ercrist had himself admitted that ho had seen a carpenter employed at tho building, tho carpenter was clearly the proper party to be proceeded against. Tho Bench over, ruled this objection upon which two wit- ncsses wero . produced, who swore that tho building alluded to was not u new buiding but merely an old one altered and enlarged and the case wns consequently dismissed much to the chagrin of thu Building Sur veyor, who urged that the net rendered It imperative that notice should be given even of any Intended alterations. The justices admitted this, but pointed out that thu infor mation should have been for altering a building and not for erecting a new one. From the txcredingiy heavy penalties under the act, the Bench lnvorinbly give the de- fondant the benefit of every doubt. On the prerent occasion their deolllon Was bailed with unequivocal marks of approbation from tho audience, . Mesmeric Medicine in Paris. — inr Paris, for the last few years, another system, heterodox both in faith and practice, has prevailed, and arrived at euch n pinnnclo of imposture, that the authorities have been forced to interfere and put it down by the strong arm of tho law. Need I say that I allude to the practice of medioine by tbu somnambulists. It was, in truth, on agree able profession, and withal easy, being prnotisrd for the most part by a number of young ladies, who, having been rejected at the Conservatory of Musio, took up the art of " nervous and luoid cloirvoyontcs." Of nervousness there was little, for a moro brazen set of nymphs could not be found ; hut their lucidity wos immeasureablc ; for not content with seeing round a coiner or through an iron pot, they looked into tho other w oild, and held delightful conversa tions with your deceased parents. All of a sudden, in fnLt, and as by miracle, was tho art of somnambulism applied in the happiest 111\. inner m all wants of sueieij in general, and to medicine in particular. For the former the lady herself sufficed; for tiie latter site was aided, horresco refeiens. by s inie young physician, who played the double part of accomplice nnd lover. For a long time affairs flourished. The feo was ten fi ancs. ai. d- the number of curious, "legion." Every one wanted to he informed about everything. For the trifling sum of ten franca were you cured of a mortal dis ease, or informed of the precise spot in which millions luy hurried. " Dig deep enough" wis the only condition annexed. A demoi selle ntinud Virginia is among the most celebrated, of r.iir-.£oion.»rel.«i;-#-.. . consulted hy our ladies in an interesting situation. But the " forte" of these ladies is the iliscoviry of thieves. For ten francs Mule Josephine (extra- lucid) will describe tin man who picked your pocket. With -uch a rare quality tliicf-tukcrs, lawyers, and judges, liecuaic useless. It was an econo my of- cveral millions to the state. The At-- tnrney-General got j-alous, let loose his myr midons, and c.igi-il nil the aforesaid ladies, lucid, extra-lucid, and treble X lucid, together with tiie medical men who lmd lent their names to the imposture. Tho latter nre to be prosecuted ns accomplices in swindling, the Indies for the illegal practice of medicine. One of tho most remarkablo a id nnt. to-be explained citcumstances of tins case, is ilint not one of the luoid ladiei recognised t tie pnbee magistrate who was 0'iarged with the duty of drawing up the /iroces re rial, mid then arresting the culprit. They wi re nil seized in full consultationj One extra-lucid, indeed, mistook the com- inbsarv of nulite for a natient. and riRmunri. ed ten trams, with n lock of his hair. Un- luekilj , tin- represi ntalivu of tho law wore a wig. M uiy UH-uiciil men, of whom we had judged bitirr things, are implicated in this uiiloriuuuiL- train-notion, and unless cbanco favour tbein, will be severely punished, for tin.- sc.indiil bus been great.— Medical 'J lilies. — I'ii" Medical Times has been rob- liidiyoppi.ml t i mesmerism. We know of no srience that bus not produced im- p-sti-.s.j Emigration to New Zealand. — Hy our English files wo observe ibit a very larg" Iru.ly ol the colonists about to itart for ni' ibiuy hi til iin-iit, in New Zealand, at- tended tin- innri-iiig service at St. Paul's C tli'-ilral on Sundny 8th Sept.; on which r " tin 1 11 S' riiuiu was etpccially addressed li Ii 111 ty tiie Primate of alt England. Several uub emeu mid many ladies and gentle men win lake an interest in the new settle- no in v. - rr ; rest-in ; itnu un unusually targe C jiigreg vt'.ou crowded thu cathedral to witness die solemnity. Archbishop Sumner took for hit text the pa ting salutation tf St. Paul to the Christians 0! the church at Cotinth— "The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the tove of God, and the communion of tlio H.ly Ghost, be with you all," A short time previously a breakfast was given by tho directors of tlio Canterbury Asso- c ation to tho capitalist and professional cl.iii of emigrants and their friends, on ship board nt thu East India Docks, On Monday, the 9th September, at Gravcsend, tbc Asio- ciitiou dispensed its hospitality, In a leave- taking dinner of substantial fare, to tho faini- liesof lite labourers and craftsmen who will form tlr- most numerous and important class of the new colony. As before, Lord Lyttle- ton, the Preside tit of (he Association, was tho Chairman. Tho Uishop-deilgnats of Lyttle- ton, the Reverend Mr T, Jackson, was this time able to attend, and glvo the colonists coutn.1 at once wire and Inspiriting! Mr Stiwell, the Vice President, read extracts from the journal of Mr Godley, the pioneer of the BvtlWcnt, which had opportunely lieeu received the day before, and which gave tbu iciivi -tnkeis a fore. taste in description of tho good and ill tin y will sliottly face. - co.mmniso the USEFUL AND ORNA mental. — A beuutiful little fountain may be teen constantly playing in tlio shop of Mr Diewcry, chemist, of Swanston-slreot, which, independently of its ornamental . ujipenriincu, keeps scda water and lemonade even in tho hottest days deliciously cool. During such weather as we have lately had, ti is really a charity to point out where such luxuries may be obtained. Out op tub Fryino-pan into the Fire.— This adago was realised on Thtirs- 'day at tho polico oourt, when n young fol- low, named George Shaw, who had just bcon discharged upon a ohargo of felonv, had no soonor gained tho outsldo of the polico court, titan ho was ngain arrested upon nr.othor cltargo of a sorlous nature. Tho fellow had been stopping for n short tlmo at tho ltouso of Mr Robert Bonnett, of the Globo Inn, and had left a bundle thoro. Mr Bcnnolt, it appeared, had no very favorahlo opinion of his oustomer, and upon loarning that ho was In custody, lost no tlmo in giving information to the police, that thcro wae n bundle belonging to the prisoner at his house, and on nenrohing this, two skeleton keys were found presenting tho appearance of having been recently filed down ; also a murderous weapon in tho shnpo of a dirk and case, apparently of colonial manufacture, the blade being about nine inches in length, nnd about tbree in breadth. " One pill a dose," and no mistako with such a weapon. Time to Begin. — Mrs. Blnnnin, tho landlady of tho Manchester Inn, Queon-street, on Friday, appeared upon summons nt tho Police Court, to answer a charge of having violently assaulted, with a poker, a man nsmcd James Basford. Tho complainant had evidently received somo severe Injuries, but the evidence adduced for tho dofonce tending to provo that lie entered tlie house in com pany with another man, who drew a knife upon Mr Blannln, who was also struck seve red blows by Basford, upon which, Mrs. Blanntn, perceiving lier husband's life in danger, rushed to ids rescue with a poker, tho magistrates ruled that she was perfectly justified In acting as sho had, and dis missed the case. Malicious Injury. — A bullook drivor, named William Barnett, was charged, on Friday, at tho Polico Court, with having wilfully driven his bullock team ogalnst tho Star Inn, and torn down a portion of the frontage, Tho damage done appeared to have been of a trifling nature, and having b:cn amply compensated for by tlie defendant, he was discharged. J The Dhunkamj's List. — Thoro wero trio of drunkards arraigned at the Police Court, on Friday. James Buoklev and Richard Moore were fined 5s each, and Mary Snith, 10s. A Hint to Epicures.-— Somo of the natives of Bombay, who have been left on shore by vessels which have touched at this port from lime to time, havo turnod out such first-rate cooks, tlint their services are eagerly sought for by epicures. One of these sable gentry, named Gulab, who bud been engaged under written agreement, upon extremely liberal terms, by Mr Frasrr, land- loul of tlie Royal Oak, in Elizibetli-street, was charged at the Police Court, on Friday, with nbscnting himself from his hired service, liis object iiaving apparently been to avail himself of a more lilii ral offer which hail been made turn. Ilo was mulrted a week's wages, and directed to return and complete Ida agreement. 