TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMiNER. TEu "CoUaIER" AND TRANSPORTATION. Ssa,-It is with no ordinary degree of regret that .I have lately observed In the Hobarton Courier something that looks very much like either a change of principle or editor, or perhaps of both. The leading articles which have lately appeared in that usually well-conducted and highly-respectable journal are so ambiguous and obscure that It is almost impossible to understand what the writer means. There is nothing in them that bears the most distant resemblance to the general tone and declared policy of that paper. In its advocacy of right principles, as well' as in Its discussion of the great question, whics. still agitates the, community, it has heretofore been eminently distinguished by the clearness of its arguments, as well as by their soutidness and force. Itsl opposition to those who ma} have differed from It in political matters has at all times been marked by such mildness, such firmness, such dignity of deportment, as has most deservedly commanded the respect and admiration of all. Its former open, manly and consistent antagonism to the master evil which has so long and so grievously afflicted us, can never be 'too highly estimated by the people of this colony. When I call to mind how long and how eloquently it has pleaded the cause of this much wronged and injuired country, I am persuaded that we owe it a debt of gratitude which we can never pay. It has been foremost in the fight, and in the hottest of the battle. Often has its voice cheered us on, and nerved our arm to a fresh conflicc.s But now, when the shout of victory and of triumph is almost breaking on our ears, it seems to be disposed to desert us. Will it be so base P Will it cast away as vile and worthless the laurels it has so well and so nobly won P Will it join the shattered ranks of our enemies, and the enemies of our adopted country P Will it stoop to copy the vile example of that low and despicable rag in the pay of the government P I will venture to hope not. It certainly has committed an error-a great error, which, if not at once retracted, will be the cause of alienating many-very many of its best friends and warmest supporters; and amongst whom the writer claims to be numbered, Let the Courier but calmly and diapass'.onately reflect upon the work it has lately assigned to -the people of this colony, and of course to its own friends, in an article headed " Cross Purposes," and it cannot but see and feel that it has deeply wronged and insulted them. Often has it denounced -transportation as an unmixed, unmitigated evil, as degrading to any community, as destructive of all good order, and subversive of the very foundations of society ; and.yet in utter forgetfulness of all this and much more, which it has uttered in its con demnation, it has the heartlessness to tell us that we ought to assisttthe British Government in carrying otnttheaccurscd system in other countries. That we ought to asssist it in pouring its hordes of criminals into other lands, after having rejected them from our own. We know from sad experience, the character and magnitude of the evils It has entailed upon this unhappy colony. We can form some conception of the moral ruin it has spread, and is still spread ing through the community. We have seen witih appalling emotion the records of crime and out rage presented from time to time by our courts of justice, and yet with all these stern realities -before us, and notwithstanding our utter abhor rence of the whole accursed system, however modi -fled or transformed, the Courier says we ought to assist-in carrying it into operation in other coun tries. We are to dig other dust-holes-and other cesspools into which Great Britain may empty her shame and infamy. And we are to render this assistance that we may be " relieved ourselves" in other terms we are to ruin others in order to save ourselves. Is this justice? Is this morality P What a miserable ghost it is. How naked of all that is noble and virtuous. Uow utterly impos sible It is to justify it by any law of either heaven or earth. A high authority has said, and one to which the Courier is accustomed to bow: " Do unto others as ye would they should do unto you." Therefore we refuse, Indignantly refuse to assist in the work of shame and disgrace to which the Courier invites us. We will not assist in pur suading other countries to receive the wretched inmates of England's gaols and hulks. We will not be the means of bringing her criminals -to lands as yet unstained by their, presence and uncontaminated by their example. She shall<. go forths alone in the vile and degrading traffic, and she may, If she please, accomplish.this vile work splendidly and- royally, for she has the power so to do. She may crush the feeble and the defenceless, and force her young colonies to receive her guilty and abandoned outcasts. But should she thus abuse her power, and forget the grand end for which It has been so largely bestowed upon her, the defence and protection of the feeble anil the. oppressed, the Great Being to whom else is respon sible for its exercise may withdraw it, and in her turn she may become as friendless as the lands whose cry for relief she now refuses to hear. We not only declare that we will not assist in extending this great evil to other settlements and other colo nies, however distant; but we will by all the means in our power provoke.their. resistance to it. We will warn them by our own wrongs, and by the injusy 3t has done ourselves, to reject it. We will' warn them of the cruelty and oppression whichlthee British-Government has so long and-so heartlessly perpetrated upon this distant and feeble depend ency, and we will urge and entreat them, by the love of all they hold dear on-earth, to resist the Introduction of convicts, even by the sacrifice of. their lives. In the language of the Bishop of Oxford we will tell them, " that the master parae mount evil of tise system of transportation, under all its phases was, that it was a ' violation of the greatest trust which a civilised nation could have committed to it, the great trust of planting colo nies in different parts of the world that it was vicious at the very core to endeavor to plant a new people out of the basest of mankind, and that no advantages to the material wealth of a new settle-' ment could justify the mother country in such a step with her eyes open to the enormity of the evil ! These are just and noble sentiments, and they will find a home in the heart of every- well-wisher of thfss, colony. - Trusting that the Courier will not disregard the friendly hint thus 'given, and that the day is not far distant when there will not be found a colony or' country.on this side the line where a. British felon dare be landed,-I am,yours, A SoBSoaIBEa TO Tan " COoaiBa." September Il. 