the Argus. (Puni.i-siini) Daily.") I am in the place where I am iloinantlpil of conscience to situate the truth, and therefore Um truth I speak through li whoso list." MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1851, THE GOLD. On Saturday, we endeavoured to show one danger which was very likely to arouse from the wonderful gold discoveries which, within this week or two, have so tended to disorganise society in this colony, We are strengthened in our impression of the liability to descend into a condition office cr lawlessness, by the remarks of Mr. Gibbons, who lectured upon the subject of the gold-fields on Saturday, whose authority as an intelligent eye-witness is valuable, and who narrated several cases of robbery which have already occurred. Considering our close neighbourhood to that nest of infamy, Van Diemen's Land ; the recency of the time when our streets furnished a daily list of robbery and murder and the kind consideration of the Shaun rock and screw propellers in constantly infusing a fresh spice of villany into our constitution ; considering the tempting opportunities afforded by a rich gold field, and the utter inadequacy of anything that we have hitherto even heard hinted at in the way of police protection, and the vigorous administration of the law ; is it unreasonable to ask how long it may be till outrage rages to that extent, that self-preservation, the first law of nature, causes us to forget British laws and British customs ; till " Vigilance Committees " be resorted to, for that protection which more complicated processes cannot render and the quiver- ing forms of murdered victims, innocent and guilty together, are suspended from the branches of our gum trees ? We have now another peril to which to direct attention, not less serious even llma that of the destruction of all law. The danger is no less then that of the possibility of an impending famine. Such is the dis- organising effect of a rich gold field, that if the present excitement lasts, or anything like the present excitement, there will be very great difficulty in securing the crops at the forthcoming harvest. Our next most important annual crop, the wool, will not be gathered, we fear, either as completely as early, or as carefully as it should be but we have misgivings still more serious as regards our grain. The sheep-owner is not tied to a week or two ; he can hear in the grease if driven to it or at the last extremity he can postpone his shearing altogether for a year. The wool grows t and there is no very great loss ultimately, we believe, in its proportionate weight and value. But it is not so with our wheat. The long days come round ; the corn ripens fast; a hot wind blows across the country ; the corn whitens, and bends, and rushes ; in another week it sheds upon the ground, riots, and is irrecoverably lost. This would be bad enough if we had no one but ourselves to provide for But there is every probability that with the approaching harvest must be fed many thousand more mouths than at present are numbered amongst us. It his been calculated that the news of the Bathurst gold discoveries would reach England about the 12th of last month. After a short pause of caution and incredulity, we think it likely that a very extensive wave of emigration would set in towards these shores, which, combining with the contributions from neighbouring colonies and India, will cause our population to increase in a far greater ratio than we have ever yet seen. The same ships that bring us men, may bring us cargoes, but they will not bring us bread We shall have plenty of hardware, crockery, shop trousers, and bottled porter, but we shall not import much wheat or flour. The vessels that left Sydney to purchase grain in the South American ports have not been successful in getting any. California is an eager purchaser for a large portion of the surplus of the other Yankee States and we really do not know in what direction to look, with a reasonable prospect of a supply. Every grain then, which is grown upon our own land, is of importance, and we ought, and in good time too, to begin to weigh the possibility of a very severe dearth, and to do all in our power to avert or modify it. As an article which may become a valuable substitute in case of extreme need, he would point to rice and webelieveth.it h would be expedient to encourage its more general consumption amongst us, that if driven to depend more entirely upon it, the change will not be quite so sudden as it otherwise would be. We should be very glad to see the attention of our merchants directed to this as one means of meeting all possible contingencies. The doctrines of free trade are in the ascendant ; the days. of horses are past; but they must not slacken in their vigilance, and suffer the community to be betrayed by misplaced confidence, into all the horrors of famine. The very important aspect presented by the recent discoveries, viewed from whatever side, will require the most careful and diligent consideration of every intelligent man amongst us. The time is come then, for the concentration of such share of wisdom as our,Logisluturc is likely softening and it is the duty of the Lieutenant Governor to advise with it at the earliest possible period, the appears to be driving off the evil day, till so late a time that it will be able to do nothing but scramble through the estimates and considering the character of the man, we do not wonder at his shrinking from confront- ing even such a ghost and mockery of popular representation, as he and his friend Sir Charles Fitz Roy have left us. But the thing must be done; and although we can excuse a fair wry faces, as we do with a child screwing up its courage to take physic, deep national interests are now at stake, and days are coming which will not submit to be trifled with. 