MR. WYLD'S MODEL OF THE EARTH. The strange-looking cylindrical edifice which now fortunately: covers the once howling wilderness in the centre of Leices- ter Square, London, and whose rapid growth has for tho last few weeks been the daily wonder of those whose path has lain across this region favoured by the foreigner, became penetrable on Thursday to the press and a few favoured visitors. It contains, as who have seen the building have learnt from the painted boards out- side, a model of the earth, constructed by Mr. Wyld, the Queen's geographer. It was originally that gentleman's intention, as he informs us in a little pamphlet de- scriptive of his work, that this huge re- presentation of the surface of the globe should figure in the great exhibition ; but it was found that the necessary arrange- ments for erecting and exhibiting the model were incompatible with the space and convenience that could be afforded by the building in Hyde Park. That this was the case is far from being a subject of regret, for as a monument of our present geographical knowledge, and of the enter- prise, industry, and ingenuity of its author, Mr. Wyld's model de- serves a site and pedestal of its own, and one more permanent than it would have obtained in the crystal palace. To be told that one is about to see a gigantic model of the earth, on a scale of ten miles to an inch, conveys to the ordin- ary sight seer no very brilliant or attrac- tive promise. To be sure, it may be very instructive and edifying, but that any very immediate pleasurable impresssion is to be derived from a source apparently so dry seems highly problematical. The visitor who, notwith- standing these unfavourable reflections, may be induced to stray into the building in Leicester square will find his listless curiosity converted at once into admiration and eager interest. The model is con- structed on the concave surface of the globe, the south polo occupying the lower portion, and the north perpendicularly above it, without regard to the inclination of the ecliptic. On entering the globe accordingly, we find ourselves surrounded by the South Pacific Ocean, and already we are struck with the peculiarly pictur- esque effect of the model. The tracts of land surrounded by a wide expanse of blue ocean presents at once a striking pic- ture. Four galleries, connected, by stairs in tho centre, enable one to survey the whole internal surface, and from the upper gallery, over which the icy regions of the north pole form a vaulted canopy, the eye reaches downwards in all directions, and is able to embrace almost the whole surface of the globe. The outward circumferences of the galleries are near enough to the sur- faco to enable one to examine closely the minutest details of the model, and the relative positions of plain and mountain, valley and table land. Each part is appro- priately tinted-the fertile valley, the granite range, the snowy peaks, the vol- canic craters, the lake, the river, and the sandy plain ; and while the characteristic features of each tract are thus rendered apparent at the first glance, all blend and melt together when the vision groups them into masses, so that the eye as readily gathers the relative magnitudes of minor divisions of sea and country as those of oceans and continents ; the choice of the con- cave surface, which to most persons will ap- pear objectionable as not having a notion of the globe as it really appears, will upon the first inspection at once be applauded. The superficial configuration of the vari- ous tracts of land is exactly identical with what it would be on a convex surface, and the only difference in tho direction of the axes of tho different elevations, which converge to, instead of diverge from, a com- mon centre-a difference scarcely appre- ciable to the eye, owing to the smallness of the elevations relatively to the extent of the surface. The advantage, on the other hand, of the concave surface, in allowing the eye to embrace so large a portion of the globe is paramount, the spectator being able to extend his range of vision almost indefinitely, without change of position, and being thus endowed with a kind of ubiquity; whereas only small portions at a time of a convex surface could be grasped, and the survey of any extended region would require a corresponding amount of locomotion, while immediate reference by the eye from one to the other of two distant points would be impossible. The spaco within which the globe is placed is surrounded by a circular corridor formed by the beams and joists by which the model is supported; and outwardly again are four large apartments. These, as well as the corridor, are ibtended to contain maps, plans, models, geographical works and books of travel relating to every quarter of the globe. So that the " Model of the Earth" will be a depository of all the information that can be obtained of a geographical or topographical nature. Such an institution as this must necessarily be of immense practical utility, and no less than the work which has given rise to it is deserving of the warmest support of the public.-Times. A GREAT DAIRY FARM IS LOMBARDY. -There mo ono hundred and fifty stalls in tho groat cow-houso at Gainago, and not ono is untenanted. Stable boys, milkmaids, and dairymen aro in constant attendance* mon and beasts equally engaged in tho manufacture of Parmesan chcoso. 'Tho atablo itself is a mastorpieco of architecture. It lia» a central uavo and two »isles, like any Gothic minster. Itt lofty roof rest« on fivo and-sevcnty umasivo pillar» on either sido. Between every two pillars ono cow has her homo, AU along the stalls, from behind, there aro minor alleys for tho passage of tho cattle, The middlo avenue, never trodden by quadrupeds, is paved with bricks, and so carefully swept that the Lombard boor declares himself ready, at any time, to oat his Indian porridge off the floor. During tho winter months that central nave, or by whatever name tho main walk may be designated, is converted into a magnificent saloon, and answers tho manifold purposes of a common workshop, a lounge, and assembly room for the villagers. Tho establishment at Gainago belongs to an order of things which is daily becoming obsoleto in Italy, sinco the abolition of the law of primogeniture has given rise to an indefinito division of property. Tho lands of this extensive, estate are in possession of a wealthy Benedictino monastery ; but they are given out to a farmer on a long lease of five-and-twenty years, renewable at pleasure; and 'transférable to his family and heirs. Farmer Canipanni had in fact, died years since, and the manage- ment of his vast enterprise devolved on his widow, a tall commanding person, to whose qualification for empire the good memory of her husband might bear ample witness. For tho rest the agri- cultural system of Gainago was sufficiently simple and uniform. Scarcely one-tenth of the whole estate was tilled, and this merely as a home field, intended to supply tho labourer with bread and polenta. Th rest was one wide-stretching meadow Those prodigous Lombard flats, aided b; a well contrived system of irrigation, yioli threo and oven four crops of hay yearly Manuring in winter and. mowing in sum mer constitute tho wholo extent of fielt labour. Tho great business of tho* farm i in-doors. The cow-hóuso and dairy ab sorb all attention, besides the scanty pro duce of tho mulberry-trees, long rows o which, miserably gnarled and stunted and utterly stripped in carly spring,'hcu tho border of tho prairies, in dull mono- tonous nakedness. Altogether tho dis trict is far indeed from answering thc glowing picture , tho more namo of Ital] nover fails to conjure up in tho reader's ima gination. Tho manners of tho peasantry however, aro not far removed from patri archal simplicity ; and on a fino Octobei morning, whon the cattle wind leisurely along tho footpath, every blade of gras glittering with dew, every leaf of the pop lar branches blushing with its Autunii tints, and tho tinkling bell of "'Tin Lady of tho Herd," keepinj time with tho rustic strains of cow herds and milkmaids, oven tho landscapi around is not without its peculiar charms Its very tameness and evenness give it th< air of ineffablo repose. " For man's neg- lect wo love it more." There is no ville in sight with its tawdry verandah, its trumpery arbour or summer house-nc tampering with nature-no painting ant patching, none of tho pitiful toilette tricks to set oil'her homely attire. But it ii not in their summer avocations that wc propose to study tho manners of thc humble inhabitants of Gainago. Wc still seo them at home--their common home, the cowhouse. Their private hutSj kitchens, and dormitories aro mean and squalid enough. They caro not for that j nine months out of tho twelve tho open air is their element. During the short but sharp winter season they- gather to- gether in tho stables. Those aro a kind of club house, tho conveniences and luxuries of which reconcile them to tho meanness and wretchedness of their lodgings. Thc winter is cold in North Italy, whatever poets may say to tho contrary, and fuel is scarce. Tho genial warmth of his cattlo makes up to tho Lombard boor for tho want of fircsido comfort. Tho household merges into thc community j domestic affection expands into social cordiality. Mariotti'a Scenes from Italy. FATALITY Timonair TOE Finura OP A SIGNAL-GUN.-John Brown, a seaman who was Borionsly injured last weok by tho cartridgo whilst ho and another man woro loading a signal-gun, died on Sunday morning. John Fraser, his fellow-seaman, was hurt, but ÍB recovering. Tho coroner's jury held an inquest on Tuesday, and ac- companied their verdict of " Accidental death" with a presentment to tho effect that it was incutubout on tho captains of all vessels who aro in tho habit of having salutes fired, to havo a competent person to superintend tho work.Liverpool Times, FATAL ACCIDENT OJ* THE -THAMES.-On Tuesday afternoon a number of lads were playing on a timber raft lying off Mill- bank, waiting for tho tide, wiion ono of thom Blipped through tho logs and-disap- peared. Two gentlemen who woro pass- ing witnessed tho occurrence, and hastened to render assistance. It is supposed that, iii his eagerness, tho foromost gentleman did not take sufficient precaution, as tho logs separated, and he foll in also. Every effort was used, but neither of tho bodies woro recovered. Tho sufferers woro as- certained to bo Mr. II. Attwood, of tho Lower Marsh, Lambeth, aud John Oliffe, son of Mr. Cline, comb-mnkor, Regont strcot, Vauxhall-road.-Morning Chro- nicle. A DUMFRIESSHIRE GHOST STORY.—Con- siderable excitement has prevailed in a parish not far from Lochrutton, for the last week, from a report that something no very canny had been playing some mysterious cantrips about a sequestered farmstead. On Sunday, the 18th, noises unusual began to be distinctly heard, to the no small annoyance of the respected tenant and his family, and, as if embol- dened by familiarity, each fiendly visit made some fresh inroad, in the shape of setting some particular article of furniture in motion. Sometimes "peter-dick" was heard to begin at the window-sash, and immediately chairs were heard to move to and fro ; tables, also, as if obsequious to the call, joined in the magic dance ; nor was this all—the bedclothes were taken off the children, and the curtains neatly folded up, were thrown to the back of the bed. Nor were the meal sacks and their contents allowed to be idle spectators, for, as if by dint of the conjuror's wand, they passed from one side of the room to the other. Indeed, it would be endless to re- peat all the different movements attributed to this strange phantom. Suffice it to say that on Wednesday evening public curio- sity became so great, that many were seen wending their way to the haunted spot, where a company of twenty-five brawny fellows waited anxiously till morning for the appearance of the supposed ghost but no ghost came. On the following evening the number would have been trebled, for what with navvies at the water works, and a new bobbin factory estab- lished here, such a force could not have been mustered for a long time back for such an occasion : but, as the number on the preceding night had been considered more than enough, it was thought advi- sable to dispense with all their services save two or three confidential neighbours, who undertook to keep watch while the master and family got their much-needed sound repose, bereft of which they had been for several nights ; and, as every- thing remained tranquil, it was pronounced to be all a hoax. Yet the imagination had been wrought up to such a pitch, that it was not till the Sunday morning, when a person in the house who had been strictly taken to task confessed to the whole affair, that the master could be made believe it was anything else but something very so- lemn. What the pretended ghost's inten- tions were, remains a mystery unsolved as yet. There seems to have been no ill- will on either side, and whether any as- sistance was got from other parties cannot as yet be proved. One thing is certain since Wednesday the evil spirit has fled.— Dumfries Standard. On tho morning of nearly every day, tho Court has spent an hour in the Great Exhibition, carefully inspecting it, every portion in succession ; in tho first week of our period, in company with tho Princes of tho house of Saxe Coburg Gotha ; in the last, attended by Leopold, King of tho Belgians, who arrived last Wednesday, with his children,, the Duke do Brabant, the Count do Flanders,- and tho Princess Charlotte. On last Saturday, tho Royal party appearod to have completed their in- spection, for their attention, was turned to tho statute of Cour do Leon, and tho objects which surround the Palace, but remain in the open air. The company, on Saturday last, (at five shillings,): was more select than numerous, being under 13,000, perhaps.tho Smallest audience that has been collected. The sums received too fell a little short of the average, being ¿É1674 10s., but yesterday witnessed tho largest assemblage on re- cord, nearly 67,555. Tho shilling cus- tomers gathered in largo numbers last week ; on Tuesday, for instance, the receipts renchod ¿£3191 2s. Tho four shilling days of tho week have each been nearly as full and as profitable as on that occasion. Tho Italian Opera at Her Majesty's Theatre, and nt Covent Garden, and tho French Theatre, where Mademoiselle Rachael leads, have been honoured with the pre- sence of tho Royal party. Her Majesty fixed on tho 9th July for her visit to tho Lord Mayor and City of London. Tho Guildhall and tho preparations therein for tho Royal visit, aro objects of interest and curiosity to thousands. Tho first purely public performance of the Guild of Literature, in aid of its funds, took place last Wednesday in tho Hanover square Rooms, whore the pieces wero acted with the peculiar ability of tho amateur company, and tho audience wero 500, at 10s. a head. A correspondent of the Times, an Ame- rican resident in Paris, complains, with some reason of tho ridicule showered by thc press on tho American contributions to thc Exhibition, and says that while all Americans are gratified by tho courtesy with which they havo beon personally re- ceived in England, they all lament that anything should bo written in a spirit cal- culated to revive any evil feeling existing between such near relations as the people of tho two countries. TiiE QUEEN AND TUE EXHIBITION PHIZES.-The prizes, it is said, will bo distributed by the Queen herself, and there will bo a grand ceremonial on tho occasion. AN IRISHMAN'S WILL.-" I will and bequeath to my beloved wifo Bridget all my property, without reserve, and to my oldest Bon Patrick one-half of tho remain- der, and to Dennis, my youngest son, the rest. If any thing is left, it may go to Terrence M'Carthy, in sweet Ireland." 