BISHOP OF EXETER'S SYNOD. The Bishop of Exeter opened his ses sion on Wednesday the 25th of June. For a week before there had been busy work among both Synodians and anti-Sy nodians, the former of whom had enough to do to study the tactics of their superior, while the latter were more anxious than ever to impress upon Dr Phillpotts how utterly opposed were they to his obstinate perseverance in the dis-loyal and unauthor ised course he had chalked out for himself. But without referring to the anti-Synodical business, we present our readers with an important document, which was never meant to find its way into print. It is no other than A FORM OF DECLARATION, To which the Bishop was anxious that the clergy should attach their names, and which for that purpose was sent to them, several days prior to the opening of the Synod. The declaration was accompanied by the following private letter:— " June 12,1851. " Rev Sir.—1 suhjoin a copy of the declaration on Baptism, which will be proposed to the Diocesan Synod, together with two other copies of the same, which I request} ou to give to the two Presbyters who may be deputed by your Deanery. " I send the Declaration thus early, in order that there may be due consideration of it before we meet, and thus that the discussion ou this main particular at the Synod may be abridged. '• With this view, I further request, that if any important objection to any part of it suggest itself to you, or any of the clergy to whom you may (as I much wish) communicate this paper, it may be stated to mc as soon as shall be convenient. " I trust that I shall not be misunderstood when I add that you wilt probably think it not advisable to urge any objection which you do not deem im portant, fur it is manifest that the consideration of other objections proceeding from so many quarters, might be very burdensome. All objections which you deem important shall be duly weighed. " I request that this paper be not suffered to reach the public press. The communication of it to you at this time, is for the sake of ensuring to yourself and others of the Clergy, an opportunity of .'ully considering it before it shall be finally pro posed for adoption. I am, Rev Sir, " Your faithful friend and brother, " H. EXETER. " DECLARATION. " Adverting to the circumstances of tbetime in which we are called to minister in this reformed branch of the Church of Christ, we deem it neces sary to declare our firm and immoveable adherence to that great article of the faith—'One baptism for the remission of sins,' affirming it as it is authori tatively set forth 111 the NiccneCreed II. CEccumeni cal Council, and as it is taught unequivocally by our own church in its authorised formularies, espe cially in the offices of Baptism, and in the Cate chism; and we are the rather induced to make this declaration, because we hope that many who are now divided from tis may be brought to agreement by thus knowing the real meaning and extent of the doctrine which we hold. " I. Acknowledging • one bnptism for the remis sion of sins,' we hold as of faith, hat persons duly baptised asc not only baptised once for all, but also arc baptised with the one baptism of Htm, who ' baptiseth with the Holy Ghost,' and who thus making us to be ' born of water and the spirit,' delivered us thereby from the guilt and bondage of all sins original and actual. "We hold as implied in the aforesaid article of the Creed, all the graces ascribed to Baptism in our Catechism. For—' by one spirit we are all baptised ir.to one body,' even the body of Jesus Christ. We are all made to be ' His body,' members in particu lar of" His body,'' members of Christ'—and being thus baptised into them, we ave * baptised unto His death,' who died for our sins. We are ' dead with Him,' ' dead unto sin,' ' buried by Baptism with Him, wherein also we are risen with Him,'' quick ened together with Him,"' set together in heavenly places m Christ Jesus.' Believing that the Hely Ghost so given us in Baptism by Jesus Chr st, that we are in him ' created anew.' We believe, also, that we are children of God in Him, and ' if chil dren then heirs—heirs of God, and joint heirs with Christ,' inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven. " II. We hold accordingly that all infants pre sented either in church or privately, according to the book of Common Prayer, and baptised with I water in the 4 name of the ^Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' being spiritually engrafted and incorporated into His mystical body; original sin being so far from an obs acle to the right recep tion of Baptism, that as St Augustine says' Infants, because they are not as yet guilty of any actual sin, have the original sin that is in them, remitted through the grace of Him who who savetli by the washing of regeneration.' And as our own church declares that the baptised child,' being born in ori ginal sin, and in the wrath of Ged, is by the laver of regeneration in Baptism, received into the num ber of the children of God, and heirs of everlasting life, for our Lord Jesus Christ doth not deny His j grace and mercy unto such infants, but He most lovingly calls them unto him,' And in ac cordance herewith, the 27th article expressly says that the Baptism of young children is most agree able with the institution of Christ. "IIL Without presuming to define whether it may not please God to give a larger measure of grace in Baptism to some infants, in answer to the more earnest prayer of those who bring them, we hold that if many shall affirm that the imparting of the aforesaid graces in the Baptism of young chil dren is hypothetical, depending either on the sin cerity of those who present them, or any other con ditions, (whereupon it follows, that in cases in which the said conditions do not take place, both the form of Baptism itself, and the article " One baptism for the Remission of Sins," must be understood not as true, but as false and unreal) he doth greatly err, contradicting- an article of the creed, nnd also the commission and promise given to the Apostles by Our Lord Himself!. " IV. Lastly, we hold, and would earnestly im press upon all Christians, that the foregoing state ments, rightly understood, so far from disparaging the need of conversation and amendment, are a most powerful incentive to holiness of life, and es pecially to fervent prayer for renewed or continued grace as long as the term in this life shall last. For Baptism, being the ordinance and instrument of Christ, by which we are born again of the spirit, John III, 3, 5, it binds ns to do that which it ena bles us to do,4 to walk in the spirit and not to ful fil the lasts of the flesh, for if we live after the flesh we shall die, bat if through the spirit we do mortify the deeds of the body, we shall lire. Bap tism makes our bodies to be temples of the Holy Ghost, which is in us, which we have of God, and | if any man defile the temple of God, him shall God j destroy,—for the temple of God is holy, wherefore it follows, that they, who having in Baptism re ceived the Holy Spirit to dwell in them, live not after the spirit, but after the flesh, do thereby draw on themselves greater damnation, unless by the grace of God they arise again and amend their lives. The Weekly Chronicle, of June 28th, thus notices the gathering of the Synod The Bishop of Exeter has actually got his Synod together at last. Thirty of the thirty-two Deane ries, from which he had requested delegates, have supplied thcrn ; and, inasmuch as all clergymen who,'are not either Tractarians, or sycophants of the ruling Diocesan, refused to have anything to do with the elections, the Bishop's thirty are a very docile and unanimous body. So tbe Bight Rev. Prelate sits in state in his Chapter-house, and " Like Cato, gives his little Senate laws." " Unfortunately, however, this is not the sole or the principal object for which the Bishop has grouped his subservient Synod round him. We have quo ted one passage from Pope, and we will give ano ther, which, by the rule of contrary, will explain the real purport of this Western gathering. That excellent poet, in his well-known Universal Prayer, says— "Let not this weak and erring hand Presume thy bolts to throw, And dual damnation round the land On each I deem thy foe.'' But this is what Harry and his friends love to do; and for this very cause are they assembled together, They might, in fact, take the title of the celebrated "Legio Fulminatrix " Certain clergymen and laymen of the Church of England (including the Archbishons, many of the Bishops, and other un important personages) held certain opinions on the abstruse doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration, which the Bishop of Exeter and the Puseyites do not ap prove of. The Bishop of Exeter therefore convenes a Synod for the luxury of fulminating against these opinions as damnable heresies; and of anathema tising his own Metropolitan, and two-thirds of the Bench of his Right Reverend Brethren. This is the real object of his Synod. The incidental pro tests against the Bishop of Rome's aggression, in making a Bishop of Plymouth, is a mere bye-play. It is thrown in as a sop to Cerberus : it is to give the means of an answer when the question is asked, " Why don't you Romish gentlemen turn Roma nists at once?" To excommunicate and to curse are the real employments of the charitable Synod that is sitting at Exeter during this hot weather. In the news department of the same journal, we have the following :— The proceedings of this body were brought to a close yesterday evening, and the acts are to be pub lished " by authority" in the course of next week. The declaration respecting Baptismal Regeneration, was unanimously adopted. The Chronicle says that, " The thrill of solemn delight which pervaded the synod on the adoption of this important decla ration, stamped by the Bishop rising from his chair, and solemnly pronouncing ' God be praised 1' and followed by a unanimous • Amen,' is a scene never to be forgotten." Among the subjects dis eussed was that of the "Catechism—the best mode of carrying out the requirements of the Church, as stated in the Rubrics and Canons." The last reso lution adopted was, "That this Synod do invite the earnest attention of the clergy of this diocese to the several orders of the Church in the Book of Com mon Prayer, and in the canons respecting the say ing daily of the Morning and Evening Prayer ; also that the earnest attention of the clergy of the dio cese be invited tothe 13th and 14th canons as to the due obseryance of holy days, and that it is the firm opinion of the Synod that the due observance of As cension Day includes the celebration of Holy Com munion, a special preface being provided for it." 