[NEWS RECEIVED VIA CALIFORNIA.] CUBA. (From the Alta California, Sep. 17.). The news via Panama, which we give in our columns this morning, is of an exciting and im . portant character. The intelligence of the exe- cution of fifty American citizens by the Gover- nor of Cuba, who were taken without arms in their hands, and who had received pledges that their lives should be spared, is calculated to awaken throughout the whole extent of our re- public the most lively feelings of sorrow, and the deepest sentiment of vengeance. If it be true, (and there is not much reason to doubt it,) that these men were executed summarily, after they had been promised safety for their lives, it is a case of national breach of faith and honor which cnnnot fail to awaken among all Americans, and throughout the civilised woild, the strongest ex- pression of disapprobation and execration which any act of modern national turpitude has called forth. The really important feature of the news is relative to the insurrection in Cuba. From the extra Panama Echo of August 27th, we take the following latest intelligence from that island : The highly interesting news from Cuba, received per Steamer falcon, and brought first to our city by Cupt, Garrison, last evening, precludes the propriety of de- laying an issue till our regular day of publication. To the information which Capt. Garrison communicated on his arrival, we have appended a translation, kindly furnished us by a friend, of the decree, by the execu- tion of which fifty Americans were faithlessly and in- humanly butchered. It seems that some four hundred 'of those who had enlisted in the United States, on re- ceipt of the news of the Cuba declaration of inde- pendence, succeeded in landing on the island, a few days previous to the arrival of the Falcon. A portion of the party were unfortunately so delayed as to land right in the teeth of a large force of government troops, part of whom encompassed them by land and port by sea. Being unarmed, they surrendered, with the promise that their lives should be spared. Notwith- standing this promise, they were all executed, in accordance with the following : HAVANA, AUG. 17, 1851.-His Excellency the Captain General has ordered the publication of the sentence issued against the fifty pirates, taken by his Excellency and the Commandant General of Marinvs, and whom he has placed at the disposal of the superior authority of the island. DECREE.-It having been disposed in the general order of the 20th of April last, and subsequently repro- duced, what should be the fate of the pirates who would dare to profane the soil of this island, and having heard the declaration of the said fifty individuals by which they have been found to belong to the baud commanded by the traitor Lopez,-1 have disposed, in accordance with the royal ordinances, the general laws of the king- dom, and more especially, the royal order of the 12th June, ultimo, which was issued for this particular case, that the said individuals, whose names appear hereafter, should suffer the penalty of death, by flre-arnis.-The execution of the said sentence being entrusted to the Commander-iu-Chief of this city. JOSE DE LA CONCHA. A resume of the operations of the Patriots, since the* beginning of the revolt, shows that the first pronuncia- miento took place on the 4th ult., in the partedos of Gnnymoro and Gibanica, where 250 men assembled. The next day they marched on Las Tunas, but mis- taking a party of Patriots from Holguin for govern- ment troops, a fight ensued, in which, before the error was discovered, five men were killed, aud tweuty-eight wounded. After this, the combined forces attacked a company of the Zaragoza regiment, which soon joined them with the cry of "Liberty." On the 8th they ar- rived at Coscorro with 3S0 cavalry and 200 infantry. On the 11th a detachment under the command of Don Serano Keira, advanced to Santa Cruz, but at the river Najoza caine up with four companies of the Cantabria regiment, under the command of Col. Conti. These they attacked and defeated, taking prisoners the colonel, six officers, and forty-six men, killing thirty-six, and wounding a large number. On the 12th the Patriots were joined by a section of artillery under Don Gabriel Fortun. On the 17th a party under Don Augustin Agüero y Agüero attacked and deleated eighty lancers and three companies of the regiment of Isabella II. On the 20tb, all the Patriot forces combined and marched towards the mountains, defeating and dis- persing on their way three companies of the regiment of Cantabria. On the 21st the insurgent forces en caped on the heights of Coscorro, amounted to 2600 infantry and 680 cavalry, with four pieces of artillery. Active operations were to be re-commenced as soon as the news of the movements at Trinidad should be re- ceived. CHILE. We have files of the El Mercurio up to the 20th August, and the Valparaiso Neighbor and Mercantile Reporter to the 9th August. The government is endeavouring to negotiate a loan of 300,000 dollars, but none of the capitalists of the country appear disposed to part with their money at the rate of 6 to 7¿ per cent., which is the interest offered, though Con- gress has authorised an interest of 8 per cent. Influenza prevailed to a great extent along the Chilean coast. ' The price of flour had risen greatly in Callao and Lima. Peru is reported to have entered into a close treaty with Brazil against ßosas. It was stated that Peru had agreed upon a treaty with Chile. Now, however, it seems to be understood that Peru has only manifested a greater readiness to enter into terms of treaty. It is to be noticed how little unity prevails between the South American States, as if solation promoted best their interests. We make the following extract from El Mer- curio of the 19th August:-"The interest of Chile is to observe the progress of California. Chile has really profited more by that country than the United States has done. During the past year we have disposed of 360,000 sacks of flour, and a vast quantity of other produce of our soil, and judging of the importation of gold which has taken place, we have received ample returns. We possess the nearest important port on the Pacific to California, and it is our interest to foster, by all means, the trade in our agricul- tural products. As a general thing we can sell cheaper than any other country in the world." UNITED STATES. The U.S. steam frigate Saranac sailed from Philadelphia on the 13th August, with sealed orders. Her destination is supposed to be Cuba. Halifax papers of the 7 th August state that the herring fishery along the coast of Nova Scotia has been an entire failure. Loss OF THE STEAMER " JEFFERSON."-By a dispatch which we clip from the N. Y. Post, it appears that the U. S. survejing vessel Jefferson, which has been ex- pected for some time to arrive at this port (San Fran- cisco}, has been lost near the Straits of Magellan. The Jefferson, on her arrival here, was to have been com- manded by Captain Alden, now of the Euñng, in this harbour. THE NICARAGUA ROUTE.-We find the following notice of the new line among the remarks of the N. Y. Herald on the arrival of the Prometheus:-" The facts stated by our correspondents on the subject, present a very clear and interesting statement of an actual experiment ; from which we think it may be safely assumed that the trip between New York and San Francisco, by the Nicaragua route, will jet be accomplished in twenty two or twenty-thvee days. The shortest trip, we believe, ever made by the Panama route was thirty-one days. The trip by the Nicaragua has actually accomplished it in twenty-nine; and several days yet may be saved in perfecting the transit by the Isthmus." OPINION OF AN ELDER ON TIIE DISAPPEAR- ANCE OF FAIRIES.-" How do you account," said the late Rev. Mr. Macbean, of Alves, to a saga- cious old elder of his session, "for the almost total disappearance of ghosts and fairies that nsed to be so common in your younger days ?" "Tak* my word for't, minister," replied the shrewd old man, " it's a' owing to the tea. When the tea cam' in, the ghaists and fairies gaed out. Well do I mind, when at a' our neighbourly meetings, bridals, christenings, lykewauks, an' the like, we entertained ane anither wi' rich nappy ale ; and the verra douiest o' us nsed to get warm i' the face, an' a little confused in the head, an' weel fit to see amaist onything whan on the muirs on our way home. But the tea has put out the nappy ; au' I have remarked, that by losing the napp}', we have lost baith ghaists and fairies."-Elgin Courier. "A LITTLE LEARNING IS A DANGEROUS THING." -A minister officiating in a chapel, on Sunday last, descanting on the events narrated in - chapter of the Acts, gave a new reason for the rejoicing of the eunuch after parting with Philip, the man was so enraptured at the good news he was enabled to take home to his wife and family. -Hampshire Independent. 