ENGLISH EXTRACTS: THE EXHIBITION. (From tho European Times, May 17.") Notwithstanding that thirteen days of tho " season" lmvo passed, pooplo find that tho moro frequently they visit tho building tho moro fascination tlioy find in tho Exhibition, and with a full conscious- ness of what thoy aro doing, they pay tho money. Tho daily receipts hover abont £2000, but tho weather has not yet bonn so favourable ns I could have wished. 1 Wbonover there is a really fino warm tiny, it is felt in tho increased receipts, which lmvo Bomotimes reached £2200 : an enormous amount when it is considered that 8800 visitors aro rcqiiirtfd to bring in that sum at fivo shillings bach. Tho East India Company has brought to light tho rost of tho jowcls belonging to ltunjcot Singh, as described by Baron Hugel, comprising somo boautifnl emeralds. Tho jowcls of tho Queen of Spain havo boen contributed si nco my last. Tho Fionch aro making increased exertions to perfect their part of tho spectacle. Tho room de- voted to their gobelin tapestry, Scvros china, and d'Aubusson carpets arc ns crowded as tho far-famed Austrian rooms, and in n few days their magnificent 'silks will bo set out to comploto advantage.: Tho Turkish division is Coming out into groat splendour. At an carly hour in tho morning tho Exhibition SB attended by nil thoso who aro resolved to niako n day of it, and to com- pass tho whole, undertaking in .ono visit. This thoy ' find to bo impossible-as ono visit can only cmbraoo tho most cursory view of tho whole contents. "u ' Up to this timo not the slightest merni. veuicnce has been experienced by tho crowd of visitors inside the building, but there ia a rumour thrown out that tho shilling folks will he limited to GO.OOO daily. I do not know whether this will be necessary, but I think 40,000 visitors at a time can see every thing there Í3 to bo seen without thc si ¡ghost inconvenience. Even 50,000 would not perhaps bo too many ; beyond that number there might bc some pressure in particular depart- ments, but tho attractions of thc- ma- chinery departments, tho agricultural implements, the American division would detach so many thousands from the transept and tho nave, that oven-perhaps the 00,000" may be- accommo- dated. Tho machines itv motion are now in full activity,. and tho scene is of tho most lively and exciting character. Every day some new object ia quietly placed either in tho nave or in some department, and adds fresh zest to thc enjoyment. The town continues to fill, but at pre- sent there is no crowding, nb advance in prices-there is ample accommodation for every body who may choose to como up, if I may judge from tho vast number of houses and apartments still unoccupied. Except au unlucky officer in tho Guards, who has been committed to prison for ten days by Mr. Hardwicke, tho magistrate for horse whipping a policeman, who had orders to stop his carriage in tho park, which the officer did not relish, there havo boen no broaches of tho peace, and nevor, perhaps, in tho history of the people, have tho general arrangements, given moro uni- versal "satisfaction. GHEAT MATCH BETWEEN FLYING DUTCH MAN AN*D VOLTIGEUH,.-A moro complot realisation of all that thc most sanguin had anticipated cannot bo imagined. Th morning was gloriously fino and warra and trains, pouring in every five minute from 10' o'clock until tho arrival of th Groat Northern special from King's cross sent forth a living stream from tho station almost blocking up tho stroets, and loni before tho commencement of the races es bibiting an ensemble on tho course tba only tho St. Leger day of tho last yea can parallel. It was fortunate that tin civic authorities, at tho instigation o Lords Eglinton «nd Zetland, had groath augmented the means of keeping order had this not boen done, racing would hayi boon out of tho question. Anticipating i crush in the stand, a temporary building was thrown up between it and tho Rouni House, and appropriated to tho nccommo dation of tho friends of the stewards. Tlx Round House was occupied by his Roya Highness Prince Henry of tho Netherlands the Earl and Countess of Zetland, tin Earl and Countess of Eglinton, nut several other titled and distinguished per sonages. In the new temporary statu wore thc Duke of Leeds, Lords Exmouth Glasgow, aud- Gcorgo Manners. Sir Rober Peel, > and a host of titled and fashion ablo patrons of the Turf. Tho racing commenced at half-past 2, a couple ol events betting got over before tho mate! came oiT. With reference to the betting on thc latter, wo should state that, botl: on Thursday evening and in the town this morning, Voltigeur had the call, ll to IC and G to 5 having been laid ou him, scarcely anything, however, being done, On tho course it came to even betting, and so continued to the start : there was no) tho slightest call either way. Of tho ex- traordinary interest taken in this contest for the "championship" between twe horses, both the winners of tho Derby and St. Leger, the excitement amongst allclasses before tho start.and tho tremendous cheering ofter the horses passed tho post, wero con- clusivo evidence ; it is a fact worth re- cording, thot, when they entered the en- closure for saddling, and again when they quitted it to. proceed to tho post, they wero loudly cheered by tho respective par- ties. Altogether il was a scene that no ono who was present can forgot. Match, £1000 li i't; two miles over the course. Lord Eglinton's br. «h. Tho Flying Dutchman, by Bay Middleton, out of Barbollo, 5 yrs. 8st sjlhs '. Marlow 1 Lord Zetland's br. c. Voltigeur, by Voltaire, by Mulatto, out of Murilla Lynn, 4 yrs., 8st .. ..'. Flatman 2 Even betting ; Voltigeur took tho lead immediately on quitting the post, and in n few strides was threo clear lengths first, making the paco as good as ho could over tho heavy ground at tho back of tho courso. This strong load lie held to the last turn, from which point tho Dutchman gradually drew up. At the distance he was nt Iiis opponent's quarters, and half way up got to his head, coming, when called upon, a few strides from ; tho chair, and winning rather cloverly by a short length. Run in 4 minutes 55 seconds. York, wo venture to ailinn, has never had such an 'Exhi- bition,' and eau never hope to soo tho Uko again. That tho match was an unequi- vocal test of tho merits of thc two animals does not admit of a doubt. Both were perfectly / fit ' ; both wero well ridden ; and if advantngo there was on cither side, it was on tho sido of Voltiguer, in tho condition of thc course. Tho issue, there- fore, makes it clear that the Doncaster raco was a mistoko, and loaves the Flying Dutchman tho ' Champion ' of tho British turf.-English Paper. THE OLIVE G HOUNDS OF THE SOUTH OF FUANCK.-Tho olive, thou, whatever may bo its utility, is not, itt English eyes nt least, a .handsomo tree. It wants all vegetable symmetry, all grace, all pic- turesqueness. Poplars havo hardly a moro uniform family likeness than olives ; tho only features distinguishing any ono of tho latter tribo from tho others hoing tho highor or. lower point at which tho trunk divides into branches. A not bad idea, in fact, of an olivo grovo could bo obtained by putting short tho handles of a regiment of mops, and sticking, the nuitilntod im- plements erect in a vory dusty yard. For all that, however, your truo Provencal or Languedocien talks of the beauties of tho olivo with an odd misplaced enthusiasm, and discovers all manner of recóndito graces in peculiar variotios and peculiar styles of ; branching of tho troo. There aro olive fanciers, in fact,' ns ' there aro ¡tulip fanciers and rabbit fanciers, and theso nroateurB hit ; upon nil manner of modes of twisting and distorting the trees, The most common method of treating an olive, so as to devolope its beauties in the eyes of thc amateurs in question, is io "proceed by "couronnement;:" in. other words, so to bend and direct the branches of the young tree, os to spread out tho foliage in a flat circular table-like mass, around and above the trunk. Tho aspect of a field of olives so treated is curious. They look like so many gigantic toad stools, oiv if they are planted close to each other, like a regular compact layer of ve- getable- matter; supported at certain inter- vals by bare- wooden pillars; Olives planted in alloys are almost invariably treated in this fashion ; but I ought to add, that the method is condemned by many of the beat cultivators, who main- tain, and certainly with " reason, that it injures tho vigour and fruit bearing capa- bilities of the tree. Olives flourish best upon dry, stony eminences, and tho sides and tops of hills. You occasionally see them in tho flat arable land, but uever in the flourishing state in which they appoar on their favourite gravelly or rocky slopes. In respect to soil, indeed, the vine and the olive show a very similar taste, and iu the south of Franco generally go together. Tlio mistral is very prejudicial to the oil giving tree, and southern and eastern ex- posures arc always, if possible, chosen for rearing it. In rich, damp soils tho troo gives plenty of leaves-but little (and that little inferior) fruit. In clay grounds, however favourably situated, the tree will hardly grow at all, the earth becoming clodded and baked round its roots in thc summer droughts, and rotting the delicate fibres in winter by soaking thom with the cold rain water which it retains. Even, if in ordinary years, olives planted in low moist ground, give respectable crops, their produco is much moro liable to be affected by unfavourable -seasons than that of the trees rooted in congenial soil. The latter aro able to endure a degree of cold which would wither and kill tho former. As may be supposed, a peculiarly severe winter is tho dread of tho olive grower. The sinking of the thermometer eight or ten degrees beneath tho freezing point seals thc doom for seasons, or it may be entirely, of hundreds of thousands of olive trees. Winters in which such catastrophes have taken place aro'remembered as times of national loss and sorrow in Provonce and Lauguedoc.-Correspondent of the Morning Chronicle. STEAMERS PO« AUSTRALIA.-On the 9th August last wo gave somo informa- tion regarding' an opening which existed for thc profitable employment of additional steamers in New South Wales. A letter from Sydney, dated tho 4th of January, gives some further statements on tho sub- ject :-" It is much to bc hoped that the owners of steamers and capitalists gener- ally will turn their attention to the busi- ness which lies here open for their vessels. The last dividend of tho Hunter's River Company was 10 per cent, only, but they would have paid 20 per cent., if it were not that they are resewing their funds to construct now steamers. Their shares, which used to be sold at £5, now sell readily at ¿£14. Indeed there is no com- pany'hero doing half so well as this, nnd if they only had additional steamers they could work them with equal profit. They get their coal placed on tho wharf at Mor- peth at 3s. 9d. per ton, and charge 17s. ßd. for each passenger, and 12s. Gd. a ton for goods for the nine hours' passage from Sydney to 'Morpeth, their boats being literary crammed every trip. Three ad- ditional ones on tho Hunter and its'tri- butaries are at least required. In the ab- sence of them wo have about 40 sailing vessels. They should bo of 150 horse power, should combine with great speed the qualities of sea and river boats, and should not draw moro than 8 feet when laden, carrying from 100 to 200 tons. The line from Sydney to More- ton Bay would also employ three of a similar description. These would coal nt Newcastlo, and take in tho Port Macquarie and Clarence River trade. Tho lino between Sydney, Adelaide, Mel- bourne, Launceston, and Hobart Town, would take threo of greater power, namely, from two hundred and fifty to three hundred horse, and should bo well fitted ns sea-boats ; and employment might be found to nu equal extent for vessels of thc samo class between Sydney and tho di llb l'- en t ports of Now Zealand. Any steamer sont to this colony should take in coal, enough to steam clear of tho channel, and afterwards across tho line in running through tho calms. They would thou make tho voyago in less than three months. At Adelaide they would get a supply of coal to como on to Sydney,, and plenty of freight and passengers." - Times, May 23. _ 