LATEST FROM ENGLAND. By the Petrel from Liverpool we have London pupsrs to the 9th and Liverpool papers to the 10th of October, 'inclusive. j There are little or no political news'except that the Dani»h war is still going on. Her Majesty was expected to leave Balmoral on the 10th. The funds were steady at SCf The accounts from the manufacturing districts are very favourable—wool fully maintaining its-price. Copper "is also reported to have experienced a slight rise. The price of wheat for tlie week ending 2S'3i September was 42s Sd. The Ascendant and Harpley, arrived yesterday, enable ns to complete our files from the 11th September to (he dates by the Petrel. They seem barren, as usual, at the reason, but fully confirm the impoitant news or improving trade and eucrcased demaud for the stap'e productions of Australia. The following are extracts:— THE COUBT AT BALMORAL.—Her Majesty has continued to enjoy her sojourn at Balmoral. Her Majesty and Prince Albert, accompanied by the Prince of Wales, went on Saturday to Mar-lodge, to witness a drive for deer in Mar Forest The Duke and Duchess of Leeds received her Majesty and his Royal Highness on their arrival.. Dn the evening of Friday her Majesty gave a ball to the tenantry in the neighbourhood of. Balmoral. Her Majesty leaves Balmoral this day. Great preparations have been made in Edinburgh for the reception ofthe Queen. The whole - way from tbe railway will be brilliantly illuminated, and there will be a b jnfire" on Arthur's Seat—Oct 10. CLERICAL IMPUDENCE.—The Bishop of' London, it is said, had addressed a letter of remonAance to her Mi«j»-»ly tbr not having a Clergyman ofthe Established Church in lur suite while on ber tour, and for attending a Preii.)teiiaii place of worship at Balmoral.. A reply was nm :o the Bishop, expressive of her Majesty's disapproval of sucli interference, aud obseiving that her Majesty bad not stepped out of her duty in attending public worship ill the Established Church of Scotland. {.The Bishop probably forgot that among the first solemn oaths her Majesty tOok.on her accession, was—to maintain the - Church of Scotland as by law established^ and also that Episcoj-alians, including ev* n the Irachtrian, Bishop Btoomfield, are Dissenters in Scotland.—ED.J PHILFOTTS AOARS.—We have received a letter from » correspondent in -Devunsbire, stating that tbe Bishop of Exeter has refused to accept testimonials signed by the Aichbishop of Caritei bury.—Guardian. The Queen of the Belgians has been alarmingly ill but. according to late accounts was somewhat better. The ex- Queen Amelia set out'with her children on Friday to visit ber daughter. Letters ftom Rome of the 30th September announce the Papal Consistory, naming Dr Wiseman, Caidmal Archbishop of Westminster, as. having taken place that morning. AMEEICA.—P'Phe royal mail steam-ship;'Atia, Captain Judkins, arrivtd at Liverpool on the 7th October, having left New York on the 25th olt She has made the passage in ten days and seven bouts. In Congress the bill to supprew the slave trade-in the distrigt of Columbia had been voted on its final passage by a majority of SS to 19 in tbe Senate, and 121 to 47 in the (Stfuse. This completes the series ofmeasnres proposed by Mr Clay in the Compromise Bill for (he settlement of the slavery question. A bill basalso passed the house prohibiting tbe lash in the naval service of the United States, and abolishing the use of ardent spirits except ill the cabin. The House of Representatives had passed a bill authorising the Secretary cf tbe Treasury to permit vessels from British North American provinces to fond and unload in ports of the L'hited States, provided «imil»r priviles be returned. There had been numerous arrivals at Cuba from Spain. Aa aroiy of 18.000 inea had been raised, «nd the strictest discipline Has enforced. Tbe town of Canlenas had suffered from a fire whicb destroyed several buildirg»* sud threatened to consume tbe whole city. The Cuban bad beeu sentenced to seven years' transportation, were afloat of another contemplated attack Ml first descent to be made on Hayti, for the purpatl < ' throwing Faustin I. It was said tbat a long correspoj) had taken place .between Mr Webster and* tbe minister ou the subject. .-The treaty betweeji» J&t; and Great Britain had heen signed, it wps|t^i ten >ears, and permits the light of search (or the L ofthe save trade. Dominican vessels MiSpectrd of engaged in human traffic were ip be delivered up to tht local authorities, and judged according lo the lam of the 1 republir. j FRANCE.—The President of the Republic reviewed the j troops at Versailles on the 1st October. The Opinion ' Publique and the other Legitimatist journals) which are 1 under prosecution for the republication of tlie article which : appeared in the Corsaire on the subject of the conduct of j the President in treating the soldiers, reiterate their remarks j on the subject, and declare that they will not be deterred from speaking out by prosecutions or threats of prosecutions. Even the Ministerial Covslitutiovel is ashamed of the petty proceedings of the Ministers on the subject of the press law. Seven prosecutions have been already instituted by the lawofficers of the Government against the journals opposed to ibeci for violation of the press law relating to the signatures of article*, while the journals of the Elysee are permitted habitoaity to violate the law without remonstrance. DENMARK AND THE DDTCHIES.—Accounts from Hamburg of the 6th October state that the Schleswig- Holstein a'-my attempted to take Frederickstadt by storm .on the 4th, but was unsuccessful, although the whole affair was on a very large scate. The loss of officers has been great, also of men, amounting, it is supposed by competent authorities, to 6000 or 7000.. General Willisseu's official report is dated the 4th instant, after the battle, from his. head-quarterSatSubustaple. Jt appears that General Willissen, believing that the Danish outworks were so injured as lo be no longer dangerous, ordered the assaults to be made in the evening of the above days. The storming parties advanced in three divisions; one by the Chaussce that crosses the marshy level f.om the town to Seeth; a second along the Treen^ Djke ; and the third by the Eider Dyke. It wa» at this point the .assailants suffered the most The previous cannonade, it was 'discovered too late, had not been so Obstructive as it was "supposed to have been. The consequence was that the storming columns met with obstacles foi which they were not prepared. These, together with the destructive fire of <»nnons, and the deadly roll of musketry opened upon them from the whole of tlie Danish defences, rendered it impossible to succeed. The storming was carried on with undaunted valour, and the defence -with equal science and coolness. The town was set on fire in several places by the Holstein artillery, which cannonaded during the whole of the operations, as well as while the retreat was being effected, and did not cease until the. beaten troops had returned to their former positions of Suder Hope! at midnight; Advices fjrom Electoral Hesse to the 6th state that affairs are approaching to a chaotic confusion, for the civil functionaries to whom General Haynau sends his orders firmly secured to obey them. The troops are gloomy and dispirited. Orders have been issued by the. Auditorial, the Upper Military Court, for the attachments of the person of General Haynau, until he has been tried by an ordinary court-martial for treason. SUB-MARINE ELECTRIC COMMUNICATION BETWEEN ENGLAND AND PRANCE.—We learn from the city article of The Times, that the parties by whom the late successful experiment was made of transmitting an electric communication from Dover to the French coast have completed such final arrangements as were pending with the authorities at Paris on the subject .- A specimen of rope, or rather coil of iron wire, has been constructed which it is affirmed will be of sufficient strength to resist every cause of accident to which it could be liable, whether arising from rocks, anchorage, or otherwise. The cost of this will amount to about £50,000, of which one-half is proposed to be raised in Paris and the renianider in London. A few months, it is said, will suffice fur its construction, and it is therefore contemplated that it should be laid down early in the spring of 1851. The concession obtained by the company gives them tlie exclusive privilege of communication between the two coasts for a period of ten years. Rerapath's Journal adds, < Experiments are being made at Dover with the new cable, in which there will be four wires to cross the Channel. The cables, of four or fire inches thickness, composed of gutta percha, enclosed in wire rope, wiil cost £40,000. Patents Are secured for England, France, and Belgium. There will he two of these cables, each twenty miles long, and three apart, the whole weight representing 400 tons. The whole !>f the permanent wires and works are to be completed by May. IMPORTATION OF COTTON FBOM.INDIA. —The ship Eliza Pirte arrived from Bombay, has brought the large quantity of 3048 bales of cotton as part of her cargo to order, and another vessel arrived on the same day front Bombay, brought Mill the larger quantity of 53S7 bales and 17 half-bales of cotton, of East India produce, also consigned to order. These large arrivals of cotton from the East Indies are of interest and importance. THE QUARTER'S REVENUE —The Observer states thai the returns will be made, up this day. in comparison with the quarter ending 10th October, 1849, the present will show in figures a falling off of little less than half-a- millio.i. The difference will be mainly observable in the great leading items of customs, excise, and stamps. The falling off in the Customs will not be to an extent greater than is caused by the diminution of the import on brandy. There has also heen to the quarter just ended very'little corn importation, and the «ugar duties yield less and less, as was expccted and intended. With these exceptions, the foreign trade continues in a most ^active and prosperous condition. The Income-tax and the Post-office hold up theii accustomed buoyancy. The revenne will still continue greatly in excess of the expenditure, the reductions in which are making themselves extensively felt more and more every day. IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.—The Board of Trade returns for the month ending the 5th of September are satisfactory. As regards the imports of the past month there are no features to call far particular remark. The supplies of gain, with the exception of wheat, have been less than in September, 1S49. Other article of provisions, such as salted n e^ts, butter, cheese, &c.;, show a satisfactory increase. In tea, sugar, and cocoa the consumption has also been favourable^ hvt coffee has gone bacjc again to its decling state. 31he total declared value of-exports for the month ending Sept 5, 1850, is 048,496: same period in 1849, £6,323,457; and as compared with the corresponding month of last year, they exhibit a decrease of £279,961. The returns of September, 1849, showed an increase of "£1,816,000 over the the preceding year, and the contrast, therefore, in the present instance, as ivas also the case last month, is made with a period of the most remarkable kind. It is further to be mentioned that the decrease now observable is \- to be attributed solely to a diminution in cotton yam of not jess than £462,319. . J^ast season-the continental manufacturers were taking extraordinary supplies of yarn to make up for the stagnation that had existed after tlie revolution of 1848, and this circumstance, coupled with the peculiar features which now characterise the market for the raw material, sufficiently explains the alteration. In almost every other branch of business the figures are on the favourable side. Our linen, woollen, and silk manufactures all show signs of continued steadiness, and the same;is the case with those—such glass, haberdashery and leather—in whiclj we are particularly exposed to foreign competition. The aggregate value of oar exports during the first eight months of the present -year has been £43,851,568, against £89,203,£22 in the •iike period of 1849, showing an increase of £4,648.246. A* compared also with the same period.of 1848the increase is £12>218,354. ^ LAMARTIKE'S TRIBUTB TO EKGJLAND.—The following description of - England tn 1850, from the pen of St. de JLaluaitine, appears in the Consellierdu Peupfe:—Called, by gircumstancts of an entirely private character, to. revisit England after an absence of twenty years, it was imposssble for me not to be astonished at the'immense progress made by England during that time, not Only in population, in riches, in industry, in navigation, in. railroads, in extent, in buildings, in embellishments, in tb« increase of the health of the capital, but still more in the charitable institutions for the people, and in associations of real, religidus conservative, ai d fraternal socialism between classes to prevent explosions by the evaporation of the causes which produce them, to suppress murmurs Irom below by incalculable benefits from above, and to close the mouths of the people, not by the brutalities of .the police, but by the hand of public virtue. Fkr from being afflicted, 1 felt humbled at the beautiful spectacle of so many works really popular, which give to England, at the present moment, an incoutestible preeminence in this respect over us and the rest of Europe. . JENNT LISD XK AMERICA—The excitement in New York caused by Jenny land's concerts, appears, if possible, to be on the increase. Her third, fourth, fifth, and sixth concerts were attended .by eight thousand persons on each occasfon, and her triumphs were complete. On each occasion she. is described as singing with even more than her usual inspiration, and being received with a warmer and a : heartier greeting. Her singing of the .Herdsman's Song aee'ms to have electrified our Yankee friends ; -she was bailed with multitudes «f cncores, and bushels -of bouquets were showered upon her. She is still surrounded by a mob when. «teir she is recognised in the streets, and all the inhabitants Uem to vie with each other as to who > halt show her the most attention. During the week the songstress has visited srveral steamers and newspaper offices, and of course exgfcssd herself wprntfl and delighted with everything she saw. She is abo-jt to leave for Boston. She has presented to the proprietor of the li ving-house, where she first resided, ft splendid'diamond pin. She removed to more retired quartern. The Boston Times of the 23rd ut, says—Already we hear that a distinguished dealer in periodicals, a gentleman au fait in mattcis of the stage, has announced bis intention to pay five hundred doilnrs for the first ticket; also the- proprietor of a weekly newspajHT, aud a celebrated hatter, are prepared to * go their deaths' for the first ticket. The competition for tickets will be lively even after the first one is sold, sis Jenny will not sing at any other place in New England. Already orders have been received from leading members of the aristocracy of other cities. The sale of tickets will take place in the Triennial .Temple, and Colonel N. A. Thompson will * have the honour' to knock them down. Jenny wiil arrive by the Fall River cars. At noon she will recieve a number of callers, among them Major Biglow. Her apartments arc at the Revere. Altogether we are inclined to the belief that Jenny will receive a greater reception in Boston than in New York. A New York paper states that all the steamboat and railroad lines between New York and Boston have placed their conveyances at Mad'He Laud s disposal.; THE MAYOR OF NEW YORK AND JENNY LIND.—The following is furnished by one of the correspondents of the New York Herald :—Your information, which I perceive was exclusive in leference to tbe soiree given by the Mayor to Jenny Lind, is correct as far as it goes; but you have not published the dialogue in detail between the Nightingale and the Mayor. It is as follows:—Mayor Woodhall advancing to the Nightingale with faltering step and long face— ' As Mayor of the c ty 1 have asked you h^re in personal respect, and in order to introduce you to American ladies. ... Your society has delighted lis this evening. (Mademoiselle Lind bows.) 1 know that, Hnder ordinary circumstances, it would not be right to ask the additional favour 1 am about to ask from you. Indeed 1 feel that it is scarcely right under any circumstances to ask it But if you have no objection 1 hope you will grant it. When we want to hear you sing we go to Castle-garden, and we do not now desire that you should sing any of your great songs; but if you would j just give us a taste ol any little melody, in order that we may have the. pleasure of hearing the qua-'ity of your voice in a private room, you will confer au obligation on us all.' At the conclusion of this speech, uttered in the most insinuating manner imaginable, Mademoiselle Jenny Lind, who listened verv quietly all the time, then drew herself up to the height of her d-gnity, and said—'1 would be mot happy to sing for you, and 1 would perhaps be o3euded if you had not asked me; but 1 have made a contract with Mr Barnuni which prohibits me, and you know, as be is a man. of business, that 1 must toe tbe mark as a woman of business in America.' The Mayor turned away rather abashed, observing that be knew it was not right to ask hei. * Glory to you, Jenny '.' said sot to voce; and 1 thought of the story ot Mrs Wood, who, when in this country some years ago, was asked to sing under similar circumstances, and at first declined, but afterwards, on being informed by the lady of the house that it was for this reason she was invited, cheerfully sang all the evening. Next morning Mr Wood sent in a bill for one thousand dollars, which was paid. Had Jenny Lind sung for the 'Mayor and his friends, 1 suspect Mr Barnum would have sent a far larger bill than that. MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—By a return to an address of the House of Commons, dated the 15th July, it appearsthat the total number cf municipal electors in England is 206.374; aud in Wales 7178. Leeds stands highest on the list, having on the burgess-roll 13.486 electors; Manchester next, vvith 11.128; and Liverpool thiid, with 10-534. London is not comprised in the return. Several packages of leeches have been imported into London by a vessel arrived from Ch'na. Tbe Morning Chronicle wiil print all the news relative to the Exhibition of 1851 in three languages; namely, English, French, and German. A disease has appeared amongst the young trees in Scot land, which has destroyed a number of larches and other trees. The screw steamer Astrologer, J. Milburn, -from Smyrna, arrived at Liverpool in fifteen days, bringing the first direct importation of Eleme figs. TEE POTASH FARM.—This celebrated place, famed as residence of the late James Biomlu-ld Rush, was disposed of by public auction at Norwich, fo Sir John P. Boileau, Bart, for 3100/. THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS.—The * Yearly Epistle' of the society has just been published. It enters upon a variety of topics connected with the welfare of the Friends as a people; and, after alluding with thankfulness to the removal of the visitation of cholera last year, it goes' on to say, * In connexion with the support of the principles already stated, we have in usual course received the reports of the sufferings of our members on account of ecclesiastical claims to the amonnt of upwards of £8800. We press upon ail our dear friends a faithful refusal, in the spirit of meekness, of all those demands which are made for the support of a system from which wc are well known to dissent The recent agitations of the public mind on many importaut subjects of doctrine and of discipline, and especially on baptism and ministry, may, through the overruling providence of God, be preparing the people more at large to perceive the errors which crept into the churcL in the apostacy, and to apprehend the nature of theone true and saving baptism, the real character of spiritual worship, and the only right call and qualification of gospel ministers. On each of these great Subjects a testimony 'has, we reverently believe, been given us ot the Lord to bear, a testimony strictly accordant in all points with Holy Scripture, and resting thereon ; but which we renewed ly feel can only be borne in integrity and Christian consistency through the help of the Holy Ghost dwelling in us.' HORRIBLE SUSPICION.—RUMOUR OF 130 CHILDREN BEING POISONED.—We extract the iollowing from the New Fork Herald of the 26th September: * Yesterday a rumour rcached this city that a Quaker lady bad been arrested at Morrisania, on a charge of poisoning 130 children at Morrisania, and that an iuquest was being held at that village. One of our repoiters took the Harlem Railroad train, and repaired to the spot, where he ascertained the following particulars:—Miss Mary Shortwell, a Quakeress, of from thiity-five to forty years of age, was proprietor of a foundling establishment for about a year, at Fordham, whence she removed in May last to West Fatms, Upper Moirisauia, about a mile and a half nearer to New York. It was ascertained that, before she left Fordham, many bodies of infants had been buried there, from her ^establishment, a couple of inches under the earth; and nine were found in a single pit. Parts of these remains were carried away by hogs, and a labourer on the railway one day actually toyk the arm of an infdtrtout of a pig's mouth, and restored it to the earth, it is stated, that she had about forty children o.t leaving Fordham for her present location; and the woman who is employed to bring up foundlings for the Alms- house states, that she brought up 150 to the establishment from the governors of the Almshouse alone, within the last -ten months. Besides these, infants were received from tdT parts of the country," in tlie words of Miss Shortwell hersei£ There are now only nine left, which were removed to this eity yesterday, by Mr M'Grath, under the directions of the Alms-house Commissioners, seven women having been sent out to take charge of them. Mr Simeon Diaper, the President of the Board of 'Ten Governors, was also at Morrisania yesterday, .and it was stated lothe reporter that he wished to have the matter kept daikj and no noise made about it Suspicion wis recently aroused in the neighbourhood from various causes; among others, from seeing so many children go into the establishment, and so few forthcoming. Every alternate d»y there was one brought from the Alms-house, and sometimes two, and eveu three. It is also stated that one of the nurses went to an Irish dance a short tiine ago, and being rather late, was asked who she did not come sooner ? She replied that she had two cross children hi charge that she could not put asleep, but at length she gave them drops, which made them quiet They went asleey fast enough, and never wakened. They went asleep fast enough, and never wakened., Next morning they were dead. But what has led more immediately to the popular excitement, and the inquest yesterday, was the circumstance of a wan, named Tom Reilly, engaged with others in the erection of the railroad depot adjoining the Foundling Institution, remarking oneilay that there were chiidien buried there, pointing to*the spot The jury, after consultation, returned a verdict that seven of the infants came by their deaths from disease, and that the eighth died from same cause to them unknown. The whole case, with other testimony, is to be brought before the Grand Jury at Bedford, in Winchester county, in the beginning of October.. Miss Shortwell is still ut her house, and has not been arrested. She possesses considerable wealth. There is. not a single child in the establishment now, except that of one of the sums. One child died on Sunday night, which, with the nine brought to this city yesterday, and the eight bodies found, would make 18. The question is, what has become of tbe remaining 280, if it be true that she received that jnumber during the last ten months ? There is great excitement in the neighbourhood, and a strong feeling that the matter looks very mysterious and unsatisfactory.' 