THE NEW BATCH OF BISHOPS. ('From the Weekly Dispatch, November 16. ) Wherefore this furiou3 cry from\the Times and its pretended correspondent against the assumption of Pontifical powers in England by the Pope ? Where is the *?' impudence,' as it is with disgusting vulgarity and arrogance called by the fanatics of Anglicanism, of the Head of the Roman Catholic Church exercising; the undoubted powers which are conceded to it by jhose who own its allegiance ? As a purely Ecclesiastical authority, that of the Pope is most ancient, the most legitimate in its descent, the most venerable and august in its traditions, the most certainly lineal and legal in its universal reign, or any in tne wona. xne waoie 01 .Europe at one time sincerely and unanimously prostrated itself before it. All other forms of Ecclesiastical dominion are usurpations over it, revolutions in it. All other Churches are mushrooms and upstarts, created solely by successful treason to, and over mastering rebellion against it. As a Faith claim - ing to have sway over men's consciences, and rule over men's souls, it is infinitely more respectable, intelligible, rational, than that of the Queen, in this or any other realms. It is at least constituted by lineal Apostolic succession. The Pope has, from the beginning of the institution of the office to this hour, been chosen and elected from among a regu larly ordained Priesthood, by the unanimous choice of the Faithful at the call of the members of the Church, and by the election 01 a true .Ecclesiastical convocation of the Fathers of the Faithful. On what pretence can any one of these signs of legiti mate spiritual power be assigned either to that original ruffian, by Divine grace, Henryithe Eighth, who made himself a Pontiff by Acfc of Parliament, or to the present Queen, his latest successor ; by whose dispensation not one of the Sacraments of the Church would confessedly have an efficacy, and who was called to be the mother of the Faithful, and the head of the ' Holy Catholic Church,' at the ripe age of nineteen ? The Pope and his peo ple have all tbe decencies of logic, and all the pro prieties of reason, clearly on their side in this com petition of assumption. The world has first been astounded to observe that a whole conclave of Ec clesiastics, with the strenuous support of the ma jority of their brethren in other dioceses, have re fused to own the authority of their titular, on the express ground that Dr. Hampden, the Bishop of Hereford, was a rank heretic. The pious have with no less astonishment seen a Pastor having the cure of souls arraigned by his Bishop, and con victed in the spiritual courts of heresy, and schism, and afterwards declared by the Queen alone as the ultimate and overruling interpreter of Divine truth, to be perfectly orthodox, and entirely worthy of spiritual acceptance* It would be to insult the plain understanding of serious men to ask them which authority is the more respectable, the more worthy of allegiance in Ecclesiastical and spiritual questions — an ordained Priest, chosen by the whole Fathers of the Church, or a female minor — a ' miss in her teens,' whose only imposition of hands and reception of the Holy Ghost has been an act of Parliament, the herald's trumpet, and the Gazette. Nor is there an/ redeeming feature in the nature of Protestant Episcopacy or Presbyterianism, which, regarded in the mere light of Ecclesiastical institu tions, should render it a duty in men to concede to them the virtue of recognising greater liberty of conscience, and entitle them to lay claim to the credit of having exercised a greater abstinence from spiritual tyranny than the Church of Rome as a counterbalance to the greater consistency of pas toral authority, and a less anomalous and more legitimate tenure of religious power. It is not in the churches of England and Scotland, but out of them, that we are to look for the sources of that Christian liberty which we enjoy in a greater mea sure than is conceded to the subjects of Catholic countries. Public opinion, the force of character, the intelligence of the people of this coutry, have wrested from Established Churches those powers of persecu tion which they only praise themselves fornotexercis ingbecause they are not permitted its tise, but which are as emphatically asserted in their canons as they are practised by that Church of Rome the bitter ness of their hatred to which is, that it too nearly ? vi ? „ 1 . . _,i nil 1 . » ? si '1 resemuies inemseives* me Atnanasian ureea hands over all Unitarians td the devil tvith chrono logidal punctuality once a month. They drag a schismatic before the Ecclesiastical Courts, and punish him for contumacy by fine and imprison ment. The Westminster Clergy, in their address to the Bishop of London, arrogated to themselves the power to ' banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines,' and declare ' that the Queen's Majesty, under God, is the only supreme government of this realm, as well in all spiritual and Ecclesiastical causes, as in temporal ;' while the Thirty-nine Articles, less mealy-mouthed, assert that they should rule all ' estates and de grees, whether they be Ecclesiastical or temporal, and restrain ? with the civil sword the stubborn.' The 'Visitation for the Sick' directs that ' then shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins ! — after which confession the Priest shall absolve him after his sort : — ' By his x (Christ's) authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins ! ! !' The Confession of Faith of the Kirk of Scotland is still more impu dently .Papistical. The 30th chapter asserts, with , the most shameless effrontery, that to its (section 3) ' officers the keys of the kingdom of heaven are committed, by virtue whereof they Jiave power res pectively to retain and remit sins, to shut that king dom against the impenitent, both by word and cen sures ; and to open it unto penitent sinners!' Its 20th chapter, which, strangely enough, is entitled, ' Of Christian liberty, and liberty of conscience,' distinctly maintains the right of the Assembly to suppress 'erroneous opinions or practices,' by ' the power of the civil magistrate' (section 4th) ; and chapter 23rd, section 3rd, tells the civil magis trate ' that it is his duty to take order that unity and peace be preserved in the Church — that the truth of God be kept pure and entire — that all blasphemies and heresies be suppressed !' And it is these rank Komanists, these incarnate Papists, without the honesty to own it, these inveterate abettors of priestcraft and superstition, who wind up their farrago of bastard Popery with this decent and charitable climax (chapter 26th, section i?j.T. \ CC TIM _ T» ? _*? T- ? i*. j.1 ? a. ? lI_7 ? 1 j. ^I _ ^ viuj, ' xae A'ope 01 i\ume is mat anuunnsi, mac man of sin, and son of perdition, that exalteth him self in the Church against Christ, and all that is called God.' The 'son of perdition .'' Why? Is it for the powers of the confessional ? Those are arrogated equally by the Anglican Priest, and are only restrained, in spiteof his creed, by the strength of public opinion. Is it for the blasphemous as sumption of the power of absolution ? That i« directly claimed, equally by the Established Church of England and by the Confession of Faith of the Church of Scotland. Is it for claiming the right to persecute for heresy ? That is a power distinctly vindicated and assumed by the Thirty-nine Arti cles, and the Westminster Confession. Is it for its claim to infallibility ? Where is that more distinctly avowed than m the Lutheran and ualvmistic Clergy, who absolve from sin, proclaim their pos session of the keys of the kingdom of heaven, sit in judgment upon opinion, and, in the case ot the Anglicans, claim descent and lineal succession from the Apostles, and^the inheritance of exclusive pow ers to wash away original sin by water made holy by being taken into their apostolic hands. ' See'st thou yond' justice rail at that simple thief? Change places, and handy dandy which the justice, and which the thief?' Why all this outcry about the assumption of mere names, and titles, and Ecclesi astical jurisdictions? It is because the whole fabric of Episcopacy is but a name, a title, a carnal policy — it is because ' new presbyter is but old Priest writ large' — it is because men are opening their eyes to the fact that if there is to Joe any human spiritual authority interposed^ betwixt God and man's own conscience, that which is claimed by the Pope, through unbroken tradition, by origi nal ordination, by high antiquity, by Ecclesiastical choice, and by separation to the office, is infinitely than that which the- Anglican Priesthood thrust upon the Queen, much in the same spirit as the Eastern Priests in the elevation of ([the hoy to the Godship for the success of their own imposture. We are glad that Popery has at last come to the death grapple with Episcopacy. We respect the consistency of those dreaming men who became 'per- verts,' as they are called, to the Church of Rome, but who are really only honestly carrying An glican principles to their logical conclusion. When Parsons see that they cannot have their cake and eat it, the time will be at hand when they will also see that they must either resign their Priestly pretensions or be contented to con cede them to, and share them with, the Pope. It is only the higher classes who are moonstruck with these monstrous superstitions. At the very time when peers, Parsons, and right honourables are becoming Anglicans and Papists, we see reports from nearly every Catholic diocese in Ireland of the alarming spread of conversions to Protestantism among the poor population of the sister kingdom. Superstition is spreading among the rich, and in telligent religion among the masses. Priests are enslaving the consciences of the great, and the progress, of knowledge is emancipating* the minds of the many. Let not the Protestant missionaries in; Ireland be deceived. Their converts will not halt at Lutheranism or Calvinism. Theyaie, in fact, our Missionaries, bearing the popular mind ? onward to the great truth, that every man is his own Priest, and ought to have no middleman be tween Heaven and his own soul. We see that the ibishop of London, in answer, to the address of his Clergy, observes, ' The appointment of Bishops to preside over new dioceses in England, constituted by a Papal Brief, is virtually a denial of the legiti-' mate authority of the British. Sovereign and of the English Episcopate; a denial also of the validity of our orders, and an assertion of spiritual juris diction over .the whole Christian people of the realm.' Well, this denial is no more than we make, than all Dissenters proclaim, than the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts formally made law. And the assertion of spiritual jurisdiction over the whole Christian people of this realm is not confined to the Pope, hut is equally, confidentially, and falsely arrogated by the Anglican Priesthood, and with quite , as little, if not with less reason. With in finite satisfaction we shall look on and witness this scramble for the souls of men. With some anxiety ,-vve, shall also watch the conduct of the orthodox dissenters. Now is its time to step in andputanend to the pretensions of ordained Priesthoods, creeds, and confessions. The enemy is divided ; let the ? opponents of the principles of the Churches take ad vantage, of the breach to win the citadel and con quer. . 