•In \ four, •porta% wi&;.prooft,ron ftp' ScriptxirdL , . cluiraclp' a^practicul, efficiency of Kefigiaus Voluntaryism, BT A CHKISTIAK PASTO*. The;fnets stated and • proved in this •work,ar« respectfully submitted by the Author to. the caxulid qonsideration of the recently elected representatives, hhd. to the public generally of South, Australia. , ! . PART n. Q. With what historical fact did the first part of this Catechism coidinehQe? A. The incarnation of Jesus Christ, who was proved to be the founder of the Chris tian religion. . . •,,(r Q; With* what historical event did it claSS ? _ , : : ! • ? A. The death of Jesus Christ our Lbrd Saviour. : k; ■< Q. By whal means was the* death rbf. Jesus Christ procured ? : A. By a state grant'bribe Judas wa* induced to betray his Lord. : k Q. Was it not clearly demonstratedfin the first part of this Catechism that Judas was the first, arid only^preacher of Christ's gospel who, before his'death, either taught or obtained a state grant of public moUgy? * Yes, and he is branded intheNew Testament, as was proved with theshocking epithets of " thief," " traitor," and " son of perdition.'' ' ^ Q. Was the provision made, voluntarily or by compulsion, on the part of those* who sold their estates, &c.;, for that purpose ? A. It was perfectly voluntary, see Acts, iv. 34, 35, " They brought the prices of the things that were sold, and laid them down at the apostles feet.*' Q. Was any imposition attempted to Be practised upon the apostles in pecuniary transactions of this nature ? A. Yes. Annanias sold a possession, the proceeds of which he professed to de vote to the cause of Christ, but kept back ' a part with an intent to deceive the apos tles and Christian brethren. Q; Did his wife Sapphira know any thing of this matter ? A. Yes. She was acquainted with the proceedings of her husband, and a con senting party to the whole of what he did. Q. Was their attempt to deceive de tected and exposed? A. Yes, and Annanias was told by the Apostle Peter that he had been guilty of lying " not unto men but unto God." Q. How did Peter reason with Anna nias upt>n this aubject ? A. Peter said, " Annanias, why; hath , Satan filled thine heart to lie to the' Holy [Ghost, and to keep back;part of the price : of the land ? While it remained, waB it not thine own? And after it was sold, was it not in thine own power ? Why h&8fi thou conceived this thing in thine heart ? Thou hast not lied unto man but unto God !" *. Q. What does the Apostle's reasoning with Annanias prove ? • A. It proves—-(1) That Annanias was under no Obligation to sell his land. (2) That after he had sold it lie was under bo obligation to give any part of the money so'realised to the cause of Christ. (3) That his substituting a part for the whole when he made a donation to the cause of Christ was an evidence of his avarice and insincerity*1 ;i Q. Did any immediate infliction* fall upon Annanias and his wife Sapphira in consequence of their wickedness in this affair ? A. Yes, they were smitten with death immediately upon their conviction^ theone after the other. See the whole account, Acts v. 1—10. Q. Did any of the Apostles ever refuse to accept money when offered to them vo luntarily ? A. Yes, Peter and John refused money which was voluntarily offered to them by Simon Magus* " He offered them money." Acts viii. 18. Q. What reply did Peter make to Simon in regard to his offer ? A. He said "Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast, thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money." Acts viii. 20. Q. From the two cases quoted above what do we learn ? A. We learn that it is both wicked and dangerous to attempt to deceive " God our. Saviour," or to suppose that His "gifts can be purchased with money."' . Q. Did the Apostle Paul refuse to ac cept money from the Corinthians while preaching the gospel among them ? / A. Yes, for some reason, of which no . explanation is given ; he says, " When I was present with you and wanted, I was chargeable to no man for that Which wUb lacking to me ; the brethren which came from Macedonia supplied, and in- fill things 1 have kept myself from being burden some unto you, and so will I* keep myself*" 2 Cor. xi. 9. ; - . - . Q. Does it not appear from the above fact, a minister may-labour in one churhh, and derive the means of his support from christian brethren of other churches ?'' A. Yes, the Apostle' says to theCorin thians, " I robbed other churches, taking wao-es of them to do you service. 2 Cor. xi. 8. Q. Does the Apostle commend afiy par ticular church for its liberality in supply- ; ing his wants while labouring for other . churches? " . ■A." Yes, in writing the church at Phi-^A lippi, he. says to them, " even in Thessa-^*. lonica ye sent Once and again-unto nty necessity." iv. 16. • • ■ '' Q. What is the testimony borne by * the Apostle Paul to the liberality of the primi tive churches'? ' ^ A. He declares of the churches iq Mace donia, " That their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their, liberality, for "to their power I bear record, yea, and beybhd their power they were willing of them selves, praying us with, much entreaty that we would"fee^Ye the *' gift, and- take upon us the fellowship oftbo* ministering to the? saints; and this they did not as we hoped, Lihut first gave their own selves tothe.Lord »aan^ unto us by the will of God." 2 Cor. viii. 2—5. Q. From, the above Testimony, is it not" evident that the primitive churches would hg.ye scorned the idea of receiving State i gr-ants in aid of their religion? - A. Yes, after " giving themselves to the Lord and to the Apostles according to the will of God," they besought the Apostles sfith ''.much entreaty " to accept their ~ pioney for the service of their Redeemer. Q. "What is the evidence furnished by ' Plinv the younger in his celebrated Letter 'toTrajanthe Roman Emperor, respecting the primitive Christians? *'■ A. He said, " The sum total of their fault, or of their error, consisted in assein blihgupon a certain stated- day, before it was light, to sing alternately among them ^elyeshymqs to ^Christ as to a God, binding themselves by oath not to be guilty of any wickedness, not to steal nor to rob, not to commit adulteay, nor break their faith . when plighted, nor to deny the deposits in their hands whenever called upon to re store them. These ceremonies being per formed, they usually departed, andeame together again to take a repast, the meat of which was innocent and eaten promis ,-cuonsly. See Orrery's Pliny, Book X. Epistle '97. Q. What is the testimony borne by Lu cian, one of the ablest writers of his age, t and one of the chief magistrates of a great | province of the Roman Empire? ... A. He says, "The Legislator -of the Christians persuades them that they are/all ^brethren. They secede Irom us ; they ab jure the Godsef the Grecians.; they adore , the ir crucified Teacher.\ and conform their lives to His Jlaws. They despise riches ;j everything amongst them is in common, and they are constant in their faith. To j this day they adore their great man cruci fied in Palestine." Lucian demorte Pere-1 grine. ^Q. What is the reluctant testimony borne by Gibbon, the historian, respecting the ] progress of Christianity? A. He says, the progress of Christianity .was 120 at the Ascension, Acts i. 15, soon after 3,000, Acts ii. 41, then . 5,000, and in little less than two years after the Ascension to great multitudes, | at Jerqsalem only, Mahomet was three j • years silently occupied an making fourteen converts* and they of his own family, and j . proceeded so slow at Mecea, that in. the j seventeenth year only eighty-three men ] .and eighteen women retired to Ethiopia, .and he had no established religion tocon . tend agrinst at Mecca. Gibbon -Hist. llom. Empire, IX. 244. Q. What is the evidence furnished by | other ancient writers? Irenseus a ffirms that an his time, not only those who dwelt near .Palestine, but the Egyptians, the Libyans, the Celts, and the Germans, had one belief i" nay," says he, " the preaching of the truth shines everywhere, and enlightens all men who .are willing to come to the knowledge of ^ihe truth. Iren, lib I., c. 3. He flourished in the second century. Tertullian mya, we are but of yesterday, | and have filled all places belonging to you, your cities, islands,-castles, towns, councils, your very camps, wards, companies, the palace, senate and forum, we have left you *pnly.your-temples." Be adds, "We could make a terrible -mar -upon you by simply being so passively -revengeful as only to leave you. Should the numerous -host of .Christians retire from -the -empire into .some remote ^region, -the loss of-so many men all -ranks and degrees would leave a -hideous gap, and inflict a shameful scar . upon the Government. Yon would stand aghast ,at your desolation, and be struck dumb at the general silence and horror of nature, as if the whole -world were -de parted." Tert. Apol. ii., -cap 37. Q. When did Christianity finally tri-1 umph -over the Paganism of the Roman .empire, and by what means, was itef-j fected? A. "In the reign of Theodosius, the cause of Christianity and Paganism was • solemnly debated in the Roman Senate, between Ambrose, Archbishop of Milan, . the champion of the former* and Symma chus the defender of the latter. The cause of Christianity was triumphant, and the Se nate issued its decree for the abolition of ^Paganism, whose downfall in the capital was soon followed 'by its extinction in the .provinces." Tytler's Elements of General . History, page 130. This- event occurred in the fourth century, v; Q- What is the substance of the facts ] ICQptained in this part of our catechism ? f A. That after the death of Christ, His . apostles, ..preachers, and even the poor of were supported by the voluntary . contributions of His followers. That money offered, under false pretences, subjected ' Apepanias and bis wife to the punishment of death. That money offered by Simon fJIftgus, from improper motives, was indig ,nap.tly refused by the apostles Peter arid . ^pbn. That Paul labouring in one Church, was,supported by the Christian brethren! -pf- 0tber;churches, That the primitive) • ehurehes were not only willing to con tribute according:to their means, but also •• earnestly entreated the apostles to accept .their gifts. That the conduct of primitive . Christians, according to the testimony 'of -.their adversaries, was not only blame less, but highly commendable. That while *hey adored their Crucified Teacher., fhey . were willing to labour to contribute and to die for His sake. That unaided by State . Grants* or State swords, they subdued the Paganism of the Roman'empire, and by \- thft grace of " God, our Saviour," working in them, by them, and for them, they \- dearly; demonstrated the scriptural cha l racter and practical efficiency of religious ;, voluntaryism, in the face* and in spite of / the force of th.i«. Roman empire and the. .'We&d;* £%& pfiParl thf 