Original Poetry. SAINT MICHAEL ARCHANGEL. Most mighty Prince of Heaven's Host, Permit us now to sing thy praise Of Thee of whom the heavens may boast Fond subject of their choral lays, To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, May us with Thee sing endless praise. The Faithful now look up to Thee, As Israel did in olden time, To save them from the enemy, Who strive to draw them into crime, To curb his great malignity, Pertaineth to thy rank sublime. Too proud to serve or to obey, With God himself he wished to vie, With his own gifts in vain display, He strove to equal the Most High And Heaven's Hosts to lead astray, Reminding them they could not die. This potent prince of vicious pride, Opposed his God with the intent To place his throne at his right side, The Lord by Thee this traitor sent, For having thus his power defied Into eternal banishment. Moses, the great, the meek, the just, Of the Jews the Legislator Whose brazen bonds he bravely burst Became their glorious Liberator, In all good works he was the first, That they might save their great Creator Lest he in life so much revered, Should after death become a snare To those to whom he was endeared, The object of his common care, For this he had himself long feared, And had averted by his prayer. The Lord's command conveyed to Thee, Directed that the Prophet's grave Should, to prevent idolatry, Be a remote and secret cave, Or some other iniquity, From which God willed thee them to save. But Satan, with a will perverse, Wished to disclose this secret place, That thus he might in guilt immerse, Those that were in a state of grace; As he cannot free will coerce, He tries to deceive the human race This vile attempt Thou didst resist, By saying to the fiendish foe, The Lord commands, thee to desist, Whose power you by experience know, Lest you should still try to persist, To distant darkness you must go. From evil itself God all ways draws Great good for those who him obey, With good itself the devil will cause Great harm to those who trace his way That we observe God's holy laws, To Him, for us, Saint Michael pray. Through thy Angelic ministry, God his people from bondage freed, Of seventy years captivity, According to what was deemed. For them obtain prosperity, Of which they are now much in need. Seventy years, if multiplied, By the numbers five-and-twenty, Will point to Him they crucified, When of blessings they had plenty; All these were lost, as prophesied, In the year three-and-seventy. Nearly one thousand eight hundred years Since their last expatriation, Have heard their sighs, beheld their tears, With little hope of emancipation, Excite their hopes, repress their fears, Be their guide to their salvation. Is not the time now very long, Since types and figures passed away, Since they could join in Sion's song, And in this temple weep and pray, By making right what now is wrong, May God for them his love display. Where is this Prince, Prophet, or King, This High Priest or Sacrifice? An envoy soon from Heaven will bring, To such queries proper replies; An Angel now is on the wing, To take the veil from Juda's eyes. Saint Michael, chief of Heaven's Host, Thy patronage to us extend, To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Jews and Christians, recommend, Of Angels thou canst do the most, For those who to Heaven their way do wend, Through Christ, our Lord, our God, and Friend. Amen! JOHN JOSEPH THERRY. 