MIMETIC S. THE breaking up of the "cabal' of elective members is a heavy blow and great discourage- ment to party tactics bent on particular and personal objects, irrespective altogether of the public interests. We are now told that Lord John Russell and Lord Derby occasionally call their followers together, and why should not the Lord-knows-who call the elective members together to " the Camp," in order to settle the preliminaries of a hostile campaign against the Government ? Whenever parliamentary leaders call their followers together, the subject on which they meet is matter of public notoriety. It is the announcement of a definite course of the minister on a particular measure before the Parliament and the country ; or it occurs in the case of the opposition leader, after the formation of a new ministry which he may have been called upon to form. The objects of meeting are immediately made public, and freely discussed in the public newspapers. But what analogy has this practice to a hole-and-corner, meeting of a section of the elected members of Council with an indictment secretly concocted, and prepared perhaps by parties not members of the Council, and then produced a day or two before the Council to the other members of Council, who are forthwith importuned to join in the movement for the sake of the general cause? No time is given for examination, where the object sought might occupy a fortnight's deliberation. The minds of several in the secret are made up, and they wonder, of course, why rational men could have any doubt on the subject ! The unwary or the bashful may be easily entrapped into an acquiescence in a course which subsequent reflection may induce them to modify or entirely disapprove. They are not allowed the free exercise of judgment, and the language indulged in on the occasion of debate indicates a determination to overa» e and control every difference of opinion by subjecting it to the process of vituperation, which is rather too common an article of use to create any other feeling than that of derision. Political quidnuncs, by multiplying themselves in different quarters, are anxious to have the repetition of their own opinions mistaken for those of the public ; but the more violent they are in their expressions, the more the great body of the people are decided against them. In fact, they are regarded as nuisances, who profess freedom only to practise intolerance. It is in vain that journals pander to the bad passion of party, and seek to misrepresent the real views of the community. A northern journal has lost all its original character by its gross perversion of facts and opinions to the purposes of party. Like Sslmoneus, who built a bridge of brass in order that the noise of his chariot wheels in driving over it might resemble thunder, he mistakes his own fabrications for the echo of the public voice. At one time the organ of democracy, it argues for a free trade in politics and religion at another it becomes quite aristocratic, Und avers that some disappointed friend whom it had pounced upon for a grievance has been hardly treated by Sir Wm. Denison, who could not in England presume to move in the same circles as its May Fair exquisite. Again, the ruin of the country, brought about by transportation, is the perpetual burthen of its song, until a difference of opinion is manifested in some quarter, when it denounces the holders of opposite opinions as being mortgaged, and unworthy of that consideration to which the wealth and worth on I rs side lay exclusive claim. At one time it pleads the force of moral worth at another, feeling the awkwardness of its allies, quotes Jeremy Bentham to indemnify patent rascality. Its basis of action is a kind of Procrustes bed, to which every difference of opinion is broken and distorted in order to fit. Tyranny of any kind, whether in a government or any portion of a community, is certain to create a reactionary feeling and we have already pointed out the danger to public questions of deep importance to this community which arises from this one-sided intolerance, striking, as it does, at the root of free institutions. Such parties want freedom in every thing except the freedom to differ in opinion. Thinking men will come to the conclusion that moral worth seldom boasts itself, and that this mode of claiming exclusive admittance to the portals of the temple for the blind followers of its creed resembles the fact only of the dramatic showman, who, seeing a few persons approaching the show amidst the crowd of jeering and incredulous bystanders, exclaims, " make way for those ladies and gentlemen what have got money in their pockets." We have upon repeated occasions protested against such intolerant assumption, as dangerous to the public interests. The secret meetings and caballings of the elected members of Council are offshoots and contrivances of the same school, while the same system was sought to be carried out within the walls of the Council,_ itself by low vituperation. It was well known that there are men of moderate views within the Council, and to entrap those parties into extreme courses these private caballings were introduced. We are not certain whether the Speaker himself has not participated in these meetings. In Parliamentary Meetings, a Minister or Leader of the Opposition briefly explains his views ; all are left to follow the bent of their own inclinations. There is no intimidation, no expostulation, no bullying there, and the discussion is made public. But who calls the cabal together The monster indictment was secretly prepared and brought forth ! It was confined at first to a few, and it was sought to surprise the rest of the Council, who might have doubts about such a proceeding, into the adoption of the wholesale indictment, which was concocted without the Council. It was hatched in secret and secrecy, and surprise was the object of " the Camp." It was, in technical phraseology, sought to snap a judgment. When measures were finally matured, the members of Council who had thrown oS this yoke, which the rest have sought and made a boast of imposing upon their reluctant shoulders, were invited to refresh themselves at the fountain, where Mr. Nutt stood sponsor, and the knowing ones in the ring all round. The indictment is produced it would certainly take a person a considerable period before he could test its accuracy, yet they are called upon to pronounce a judgment. Such proceedings are a mockery of everything like the Representative principle, and an insult to the capacity of the members who are thus sought to be entrapped. The Council is called to register the edicts of a section of secret caballero, of whose proceedings their constituents are kept in the dark. It is the Launceston Examiner's bed of justice's The Ghost of Transportation is always ready as the political scarecrow, and thus suspicion has arisen, coupled with the indifference of the Council towards Emigration, that the question is to be protracted and perpetuated, and used as the handle of party conflicts alone, and has to serve many turns of the politico-religious suit before it is destined to expire. If the course adopted by Mr. Nutt and those who acted with him were fair or just, why was it kept secret? His notice of motion is given, and only one day allowed to intervene, apparently with the view of preventing the expression of any public opinion through the press, even at the last hour. Why this secrecy in a Representative Council? Why this extreme jealousy of public opinion The plot was overdone, and just as the curtain was about to draw, five of the elected members revolted. They had some regard for their constituencies and their own independence. They would no longer consent to be laughed at by those who used them for their purposes. Of course, they were traitors to " the Camp;" but they were faithful to their country, and their country have approved the course they have pursued. Brighton, the Huon, and Sorell have all expressed their satisfaction at the proceedings of their members and the Kingston Ploughing Association, with the Member for the Huon, have invited the Governor to their dinner. These are the signs of reaction these are the signs of the times. From impatience of the domination of oligarchy, the majority of people will "fly from petty tyrants to the throne." 