t * -GREAT" CnUBCH MEÉTING. MEETING OF THE LAITY OF* TUE"' .CHUR0H:OF ENGLAND. Pursuant to adverti-íement, tlib meeting of tlib Church of England- lui ty took pince yesterday at 2 p. m., in the Theatre' ol" tho School ol' Al ts. Owing to the inclemency of tile weather the attendance was not so numerous ns was ant ¡ci-, puted. Duriug the grcSter purl of the pciceed-. ings there were about ono hundred and titty per- sons present, numbering amongst them some of the most inilueutiui gentlemen in the city. On the motion of Mr. 15HEILI.AT, seconded by Mr. JotiN' CUOFT, CAPTAIN DUMAIIESQ, M.C., wu's, called to thc chair. Tho CHAIUMAN hayingncknowlcdged the honour couferred upon him, proceeded to cull the atten- tion of those present to the business which had called them "together. That meeting was con- vened for the purpose of considering tl.e draft ol' u Petition to tier Gracious Majesty the Queen. He would not detain them by reading this peti- tion, as it would, doubtless, bc largely quoted from by the gentlemen who would address them in support of the Resolutions. Ho would now cull on Mr. Darvall to move the first Reso- lution. J. D. DAHVAI.L, Esq., M.C : Ho very much regretted thut on this most important and inte- resting occasion, the inclemency of tho weather had the effect of preventing many other mem- bers of tho Church of England, ol' equal z?al and sincerity with themselves in this cause, from at- tending that meeting. They might rest assured that this praiseworthy exertion of theirs to main- tain their proper and due position in the Church to which tlmy belonged, would not bo without.tho most beneficial effect. The following was thu' Resolution which ho. was eutiusto.l td move : "That, in.tho opinion of this mooting, tho Church of .England in this diocese is not in that condition of efficiency best calculated to further tho great objects of her divine mission." That there should he cause for him to move such a Resolution as that which he had now read,filled hiui with ! tho utmost pain and humiliation/ He . was \ called upon. to satisfy them that thc Church of England in this colony was in." a 'condition' by 'no', means, cul-" ciliated to enable lier to fulfil the objects of her divine.mission. It was certainly u subject of most deep humiliation to them all that thia was the case, that their Church, from any cause what- ever, was placed in such a.position as very materially to diminish her utility, lt was n more painful circumstance still that they hud to placo themselves in opposition to the clergy, with whom they ought. to wulk- ha id in hand, having the same noble object hi view. (Oheers.) The ne- cessity for calling such a meotiug us this, proved the proposition he hud rend. Let them consult the peneo' iilid quiet of the Church", mid not violently resisTa réunion, ¿lt was a sign of lier weakness,' that'this step of resistance to her diguities should be tuken. ' Tho spirit ol' their Church as com- posed; of members equal, iu power to each.other, 'required-, that. they should not recognise any as- sumption of infallibility on the part of anyone portion. ' In all thoir acts.they.drew their autho- rity directly from . tho Word'of God. Dy that test they "would be judged, believing that it. contained all 'tilings, necessary to salvatiou. It was painful to any hum. to see how the welfare of tho Church was perilled in this mattor. Ile wished to impress on them tho necessity of oou . sistering.- 'this.' subject ns delicately,na possible with roferenc¿''.to' their, Bishop, but to do what what was rieht ' nt nil v cost, lt was willi nnmli pain ho^liiid to say, tluit the extravagant proton sioris'p'ut' forth by his Lordship ImU crcittod the necessity tor tins meeting. Once for «ill,'ho would beg'to soy, that ol' tho .pK-ty, zuni, and charily of Chat prelate, lie entertained-Hie highest opinion, but that, bf his judguioi,t, it would only bf 'mockery to speak in other than terms of dissatis- faction, ile ha 1 introduced a schism into his Church, which it would take years to heal. Ile very much feared t hat his Lordship had placed a burrier to its advancement, aud to complete unanimity muong its members, which would not' bo removed so long as lie lived amongst thom. From his well-known character, he foaie.d that his Lordship would never bo induced to retrace his steps. Ho earnestly hoped,- however, that he might be mistaken, and* that lie would make thuin ugaiu a united Chinch, not the laity separated from their Bishop and clergy, and having di- verse interests. It was thus in thu power of ono man to do the groat est good by adopting the right course, or tho utmost mischief hy continu- ing in tho wrong, lt: was a most painful und mortifying fact, that iii'tracing this irritation to its source, they fou:nd that this contest, was not about tho magnifying ur glorifying God, but about enlarging the powers of the Bishop. It was a contest not", about the improvement mid elevation of tho clergy, not a 'question about making his Lordship moro respected-but more powerful. Such ;á proceeding was most repug- nant to commonsense; nild to law, whether eccle- siastical or'temporal!'- Thoy might remember that at a meeting of thc Bishops of tho various colonies, certainresolutions were passed, which had led lo a combined movomont. throughout, theso colonies, to carry out the views of tho Bishops. But in some of thu colonies thc Bishops had gone much farther than our Diocesan, lu one, thc members of thc Church wero actually compol'ed to assert and defend the ri^ht ol' pri- vate judgment, ile would have thought this im- possible, that ut this day, and' iu a protestant country, every man should not-have allowed to him this right. By another Bishop, tho decision ol' the highest'Court in England had boon ridi- culed ami condemned, aud they had thus the edifying speotuclo of this Diocesan, by his ijise dixil, sotting himself above thu law; showing i hat in this question they lind no other safeguard whatever, but to withhold fruin any one mau tho power of doing right or wrong ut his owu dis cret.on. (Cheors.) The best mon iu tho world's history had been murdered, had buen burnt, hanged, and crucified, on sound ecclesiastical principles. With uu edifying consistency, both sides had, on tho most satisiiiotory and indisputa- ble ovideucc, mutilated nud slaughtered their opponents. Protestants and Catholics-which- ever got tho upper bund disphiyod the greatest zeul in this manner. (Cheers.) Now, tho Bishops, at this celebrated conference, had put forth curtain deliberate opinions, lie would show how these' opinions had boen received by tho highest, ecclesiastical authorities in England, that their conduct in coming forward lo question his Lordship's proceedings was hy no means so presumptuous as was iiiiugiucd ; but that tho Bishops had presumed in pursuing tho course they did; Ho desired not to speak with severity of tho conduct of the Bishop, but with truth, mid ' when they saw others dealing out damnation becutisc of différences ol' opinion, to speak not ol' motives, but 'of actions. The Archbishop of Canterbury, in' referenco to tho meeting of tho Bishona. sneaks ns follows :- ' " I cannot so interpret tito spirit of tito ugo ns to believe that tile great body of tho Church, laity or clergy, aro prepared to rostriet tho libcrty'of opinion in matters hithortô undecided, which our . Ibrofnthci'8 liavo always enjoyo ', and under which tho Church llourishod for tbroo hundred years. Wo may speak .hero with confidence, for thooxpo rlmont has boon tried. For obvious-reasons I avoid nil allusion ' to any uvent which may have .taken place at homo. Hut' tho experiment has been.tried In Australia. (Hoar, hear.) A doo In- uit lon such nj I havo alluded to was drawn up in i'Ö6tblior"hist"by?'. tho . Jlishops of Australia, lusbombtlod'iu' Synod ; and tho saino ship which bro'ughc-.uh'umo, tho partiuulars of thu Synod, ' bröuglitia'lsmtlio iloeount of thu etl'eut which it had ?produoçdiàlliluuoi iof tho,.cities whore it was first .iproinulgatetl,||)v1htehJi instead of concord, was dis jSousipn, ; whore,ji|l Und..been .previously poiicoful. It had'endangered tho'popularit'y bf ii Bishop who ,was'universally! And dl'sorvedly estoeinod ; and thu principal laity: of thoircity'Iud met together, and unanimously protested 'against a measure whiuh they treated as un Infringement 'of their liberty ns. Churchmen. (Hour, hear-.) If I do not fear any snub result hore, it is because I do not entertain any apprehension of tim issuing of such a de- claration." That was to say, Hurt- oven tho whole Hench of Bishops would shrink dom forcing any. codo ol' principles upon thosu bnwilliug tu receive thuin. Again tho Archbishop of Dublin Rays, " lam far from desiring to obtain penco by means nf. n perpetual agitation. 1 nm averse to'tho cutting o If limbs continually. I believe that many oftboSo who have'been driven to desert tho Church might havo, boen ru ta i noil in hor commu nion'if they -had boon- afforded sonic legitimate mode of making their complaints nnd wishes known.. I wish, however, tobo distinctly under- stood ns not advocating n revivid of convocation, or a government of tho Church by tho clergy exclusively, whioh would bo highly inexpedient and" unjust. 'The case of tho Bishops of .Austra- lia, which had been cited in tho course of the debate, was sufficiently explanatory of tho evil likely to ensue from any such modo of procedure. Tho Bishops of Australia hail no moro right to settle thc forms and moilósof wor.-hip than twenty of their lordships had to issue laws for the govern- ment of the nation in the nnmo, of tho. Imperial Parliament. I no not charge tho Bishops at home, who aro in favour of tho revival of coil vocation, .with a desire to assume undue power, but I con ceivo that the idea of their wishing to nKsnme such power might, veryfairly bc entertained by the people." ' These were the opinions of two of the soundest aud most eminent divines. The attempt of tho Bishops herc developed an amount of presumption not to be tolerated. Any attempt of this kind to lay down any code or canon without tho con- currence, or against the "will ' ol'! those afl'eoted by it, was a sin against.common sense, nu outrage .of nil right. Such u proceeding'might have boen allowable in thc limo of King James, for the purpose of consolidating ' the Church'. In those days of doubt aud darkness it might have boen right'to frame laws to which the laity had not given their, concurrence. But then the great mass of tho pcoplo could not read, they had not made such progress in eivilizition and enlighten- ment as wo have. But now, in these enlightened days, when nlmost every man can read, judge for himself, and form his own opinion, it-was mon- strous that they. were to submit to a despotic proceeding,,fit only for tho'dark ages. (Cheers.) But there «ns no inherent power or right in Bishops to make laws which should hind them; So .long ns any laws they did make were in ac- cordance with tho Holy Scripture, they might be obeyed, and they might be right. ' But caro should be taken that they were right, for Bishops were not ono whit more infallible than them- selves. Let them regard what had taken place in England und tho neighbouring colonie?, and now in their own.: They saw their Diocesan trying his utmost to acquire nu authority-in the Church, to which they would never submit, and which his Lordship could never maintain. (OheerB.) it was not right thus lo cut off limbs from thc Church and weaken its influence. They should rather throw wide open tho,dcors to allow as many to come withiu il as possible. The preseet unwise and pernicious policy had too long been persisted'in, and too many good men hail already been forced from communion with Ibo Church of their inheritance. . The conrso taken, by his Lordship at tho meeting of t he clergy was most singular. A meeting of tho Church was called, .not as it should bo, a mooting ol' tho clergy aud laity together, but a meeting of tho clergy ulone. .'What sort of a body was this for deliberation ? A class of men under the immediate control of tho Bishop, dependent on him even for their daily broad, how . was it likely they could" take au independent course, how could they im- partially and unreservedly 'givo tlie'ir de- cision upon a subject in . reference to which their Diocesan's opinion was so strong and so well known. Then observe thc course pursued by his Lordship when any suggestion was made likely to put-the mattoe in a straightforward light, some dillictilty wns immediately started or some conscientious scruple avowed, which made it impossible to consider it. Thus although the clergy came to that meeting with the utmost di- versity of opinions, with one or two bright excep- tions, they left it with a most remarkable unani- mity and coincidence with his Lordship's views, being overborne by his superior power and intel- ligence. The language of the Bishop nt this meeting was well worth considering. Ho did not complain that his Lordship should express his views, but it was most'unsatisfactory that he should havo such opinions, and deeply unsatisfac- tory that having them, he should attempt to legis- late for the. Church. His Lordship stated at the late nicetinjr, that ' " " Ile might, perhaps, however, hore .properly say that in many of tho resolutions which hid liten read there was an assumption whioli cer- tainly was not well founded. In thu propositions put iortli in the circulai' he had addressed to tho clergy, ho did not 'require either they or their pa- rishioners to adopt any form of Chinch Govern- ment. Ile had only put before them tho question whether it was desirable they should have a con- stitution of Church Government which would include in it thu united body of tho Church, consisting of the Hishop, tho Clergy, und the laity." ; .. His Lordship here fulls into a very great mistake, to say-tho least of it, for the very lirst tiling ho ainu ut, and what hu is most obstinately bent on obtaining is tho power of tho veto. It was idle-to assert that when hcniins at luakiiighiinsulf ii third estate in the Church, he does not suggest a form of Church Government. It was very well in civil matters to surrender a part of personal li- berty for important beuelits, but in Church af- fairs they were bound to make no such surrender. He shuufd like to know on what principio of ec- clesiastical polity his Lordship was to form a third ! cstnto. Why should he moro than any onoofus have jiower to obstruct tho proceedings of the Church. There was no analogy between ecclesiastical and civil power; but supposo for tv moment that there was, what analogy did his Lordship bear to tho Commons, comprising so many interests, or to tho Lords, ennobled for great deeds or boasting iv glorious ancestry, or to tho Queen, whose authority was Unit of her counsellors, dependent on tho nation, lt was monstrous that a llishnp, not eminently remark- able for great- qualities, placed in his present position by patronage nt home, to tho exclusion of ns worthy men hero, should nrrogato to him- self tho right of being a third ostuto in tho Church. (Cheers.) No man would submit to he dictated to hy his.Lordship. When ho says that ho puts forth no form of Church government, he mistakes, although doubtless unwittingly, what ho is really about. ,Uis Lordship then jiro eeed-i " Thero wns also nhothor very great misappre- hension into which thu laity had fallen in some of tho-r. solutions which had been sent up, lu some of these resolutions it was proposed that n moot- ing of the clergy and of tho laity should bo culled to consider a petition to her .Majesty, mid to fraino snell n constitution for her Majesty's guidance, ns would bo acceptable, to tho Church tit large : but to moot for such a purpose would bo just to bold a synod or convocation, which they had not power to do, and which tho object of tho potition ho had laid beforo thuin with his circular was to oiniblo them to do. -For his owii part ho must say, that hu in his conscience bolicvod most solemnly that ho was prohibited from taking part in uny such proceeding by his oath : nor could ho, consent to ovado,that oath by countenancing any such it Convention of the clergy and laity, under any name which it might hu thought proper to irivo to such a mooting. Now this wns only a roundabout wy of Haying., that , tho laity.?' wished to petition thc, Queen in a mnttor. ol' Church government.), > -i.-;'-livery- ¡ . mun .-. possessed' tjie right:ofi])otition, and could at-any time meot for th is purposQ. For whut other purpose did his Lordship himself nicol his ulergy. it was a most inarvolluus misapprehension of his. Lordship's, lie sought to deprive them Of 'a most reasonable right, because of the impossibility of his exercising it. If . tho objection was good, could not the Bishop and tho laity moot on equal lerms, willi out infraction of the law. lt might he urged that they had no authority to meet in this manner, ?but could they not nssomblo und. deliberate'upon tho matter in their individual capacity. Ho granted that this might nut havo been prescribed by law. Very littlo ol' what was dono in ccolo siastical matters'was sanctioned by prescription. Tho authority of the Bishop himself, if pushed loo far, would bu found not to rest upon law, but upon tho iill'uutiau and rotpp'ut of thc people, and would bo blown to tho winds whoa theso woro outraged aud estranged. Tho Bishop, although he says lin could not incut tho Clergy und Laity to petition tho Queen, was in fact doing tho very thing him- self. Tho Bishop goes on .to say : " They only'went to induce them to consider tho best mea UK of obtaining a permission to lu we a voioo nt all in forming Ibu Constitution of tho Church. But if they now mut with tho . laity to dictate thu tonus of that constitution, while as yet tiley hud no luwful.power in. thu matter, ho did hot behove- 'thither their terms would bo accepted, or their petition bunni." JMow it was inoKt'.unreiwoiuiblo to say that Ihn laity had any desire to dictate. Tiley liioroly wished to excrciso thu right of pclil'uiuing Ibo ,Crown. His Lordsliip, knowing tho cfl'oct which 'would bo attached to his words, ,niny reasonably be supposed to havo weighed thcij^'ell. Ho .should have considered well the. tno..ui..g of the word dictate. In this matter ho fell grievously into"error-thero'wus no.'ilcsiro whatever to dic- tate. lt was a very wrong thing to evade a reasonable request, but not so easy to give good reason"for doingHO.^ .The.eondition of the Church was hy no means satisfactory. What was . the position of the clergy at the late meeting ? At many of the parochial meetings opinions hostile to the views of his Lordship were given. Hut When -any "of tho clergy at tho meeting attempted to state such opinions, how was he met. . His Lordship said that ho could not go into them, that they were irrelevant to thc busi- ness before the meeting. Ono gentleman men- tioned that the laity wished to have equal and concurrent authority with tho clergy, and the Bishop met tliis by stating that thc clergy could not surrender to the laity the right of meddling in spiritual matters. Kow, the laity had no de- sire to luoddle with matters purely spiritual. They recognised tho clergy ns the teachers of re- ligion, bound nocordiug to the rites and formu- laries of the Church. So long as they discharged the duties of their ollico satisfactorily, the laity would nevor dream of interfering with thom. He denied that they, tho laity, sought to meddle in any but those broad und great questions in ' which they, themselves, and tho welfare of their Church were involved. On theso tho laity contended, and with justice, that they had au equal voice with the olergy. That tho Bishop should claim to have an equal voice with the whole, of tho laity, was not to bu tole- rated. When thc right of the laity to a share in Church government was advocated, it was re- plied, that no precedent could ho found for such a practice in the Primitive Church, or in the Scriptures. It was really painful to find that for tho principles of common sense, they had to go back so far into antiquity, und becuuso it hud not been found that the laity participated then in. tho government of the Church, to deny them tho.right now. If it were so, it was high time now that, au end were pub to' such a system. Thorp ,was no inspiration now-n-duys among men; and unless they supposed that tho clergy possessed t .0 infallibility, or the power, of in- spiration, they could not see why the laity should bo debarred from having an equal share in tho. deliberations of tho Church. If they looked i.ito tho canons, they would see that they possessed little obligation on thom, so much so, that an eminent aiitliority in theso matters said, thal not only did they nut possess much power, but that it. was a go'od thing that they did not, for that their effect would have boen to drive many of thu most eminent and sincero members of ¡he Church into Popery or Dissent. On this subject ho would, cito a passage from Anderson's hook on the Colonial Church - . " Those vCanons, although published hy the King's authority under tho Great Seal of England wuro 'never continued in parliament ;' nnd 'it has been solemnly adjudged,., upon tho principles of law and the constitution, that .whero they are not merely declaratory of the ancient law, but are in- troductory of now regulations, tliey do not bind the laity'of tho Church. Neither is their obliga- tion upon tho clergy as entire and effectual ns it ought to be. It is truo ' that they aro,' as stated by Archdeacon Hiarpo, 'tho standing ecclesiasti- cal laws of tho realm, tho constant rules of tho ordinaries' enquiries at their . visitations, tho grounds of presentments of delinquents and irre- gularities upon oath, and thu foundation upon which ecclesiastical censures and judgments com- monly stand.' Hut, on the other hand, it is equally true, as stated by the same authority, that ' tho alterations of customs, chango ol'habits, and othor circumstances of time nnd pince, ¡ind tho manner of tho country, havo made some of them imprac- ticable ;' nt least, ' prudentially so, if not liter- ally. Others of them aro useless and invalid of course, through defect of proper offieors and pro- per inquiries to render them of force and effectual. And there are hardly any of thom, but what have boon, upon extraordinary occasions, dispensed with by our govcrnours. Tho recital of ithesu, facts cannot but excite, in the minds uf all dutiful, members of thu Church, a fueling of deep.rogrof, and of earnest desiro that the time may soon como, when tirso defects shall bo safely and effec- tually repaired. As long ns they remain in their present state, it is plain'that tho disciplino.of tho Church must bo grievously impaired at homo ; and that in-the colonies and* foreign dependencies of tho British empire, where, from tho circiirns'taiicos of tho case, the proseiieo and control ofnspirittial disciplino among tho members of the Church is yet moro imperiously demanded, tho want of it must opcr.ito ns . an ' additional and most serious impediment to her progress. .Most devoutly, therefore, is it to be wished", that this object muy moro and moro ho brought home tn tho consideration lini-h nf flu. UI,II-;H,.,I "n.l tempe-tal rulers of our country. Anil, if n codo for tliu well ordering of thu Colonial Church can bo legitimately agreed upon, then may tho hope bo further entertained that it may survo asa basis upon which to reconstruct a body of practicable and consistent ecclesiastical law for her people at homo. Meanwhile, it is a matter of thankfulness to know, Mint; if the obligation of tho Canons upon tho clergy bo thus defectivo ; and if they fail also, .of thoirown authority, to control tho lav mem- bers of. tho Church, tho penalties, winch are affixed in souio of them against thoso who im- pugn hor authority, remain equally inoperative. Thoy aro penalties of an awful character, and carry with thom additional terror, when asso- ciated with tho power of those Courts which ex- isted ut the timo of their unactinent, and with tho uxteut of civil disabilities which thou oftentimes accompanied tho cxaction'of thom. And. ovon if separated for over from such perilous allianco, it can hardly bo denied that tho frequency with which tho sentence of excommunication 'is ap- pealed tu in soino of tlte earlier Canons, lias a tendency to weaken tho sonso of its real character among tho people, and to placo in a falso position before them thu Church from which proceed such heavy censures. It is well, therefore, for her, that shu should bc nt least spared this trial ; ¡md bo left to win her way by tho exorcise of mo ns which earthly tribunals never gave, and earthly enemies can novel' take away ;-cvon .' by pnroticss, by knowledge, by long-sunuring. by kindness', by tho Holy Ghost, by love ~ unfeigned, by tho word of trudi, by tho powor of Cod, by thonrmour of righteousness on tho right hand and on tho left.'" Spcuking of. these canons, there was a great deal connected with thom wrapped up in mystery, which however thoy might easily explain for themselves. In 1004 thoso canons weropublished under tho Groat Seal; but never contirmed hy Parliament. Whon despotic authority was' taken away from tho throne, it was found desirable to supply this by binding tho Church in closo alli- ance to it, for a powerful Church has over been found to bo an admirublo police. Look nt tho present stuto of En ropo, where they lound tho most absolute and- dospotic^govornnients in thu closest union with tho most intolerant and power- ful ecclesiastical systems. Under, one system of absolutism and intolerance in religion, tho puoplu were easily trained to submit to unothor similar system ol'politics. (Cheers.) .Tho Canons wore not cou li rined hy Parliament, and as they, were not consequently binding on tho laity, thoy wore not binding on thurn. '1 hey did not submit to them. These Canons about'which BO 'much had been said, wore opon to the inspection of tho laity, and any man could refer to thuin and satisfy him- self of tho true position ol'tho clergy and tho laity, of tho obligations bestowed upon tho Canons, and what power tho Church had over tho laity.. Tho manner in which tho Bishop treated his clergy nt the Into meeting was most painful to all who had friends among them. .They pcotipicd moro tho position of schoolboys than of grown up mun. lt wus painful to seo men of ohurnctor mid learning compelled to acquiesce hi dogmas whioh. they despised. .Tho support which his Lordship received was from tha interior iirellccfs howovor, aud not from' thoso ' clergymon1,1 Mr 'superior charaolor and .intelligence!'' Ilütlio''jVó'üVd,1 pajr no moro of his 1 jói'tls hip's' coil d lie li,' 'o |*j, ,f ) (fity ,o'eeás i on. Ile salt)'that he luid 'tíio 'cónbujrenoo' of tho several parishes in tho sahumo which ho hod pro- pounded Now ho (Air. Darvall) would appeal to thom if his Lordship had had any goncral sup|K>rt? (Nn, no.) Was ho not opposed at almost ovory meetingÏ (Hear, benn). _ Was his Petition evuu now numerously Bigneu in spite ol'all tho exci tions which hud boon made-notwithstanding that tho ignorant and unthinking, and tiloso too good, natured to rcfimo would sign it. Ubi Lordship having" asked thu meeting to answer ono question, cheok-matus thom by asking another. Having; brought thu clergy to a proper sense of their position, ho wishes to know hail any opposition boen qll'ercd to his viens: " Hu would put une question to , the clergy, which lie roqucstcd them to answer, lind nay cue brought up ii om his parishioners un opinion lid verse tu thu- proposal to admit the laity into a share in tho management of the af- fairs of the Church ? (After a pause of some du ration, no answer being returned, his lordship said) this confirms my own impression, formed wliilo the several resolutions were rend; that thoy unanimously improve of that step.'1 He was obliged to appeal to the clorgv-had any op- position been offered. The Churc.li must indeed be in a sad. state when its Hoad knows no better than that tho sentiments of the groat body of the Church. This nppoal reminded him of another which is common on a Bomen lint different occa- sion. It resembled the -preliminary inquiry to the'crimiuul just found guilty, if he has any thing to say why ho should nut ho hanged. From the, time of. Richard Jil. to tho present, - ho lind never heard of anything haviug been said which in the slightest affected thc sentence ,passed. A sen- sible man in such a position merely shrugged his shoulders and said nothing. So the Bishop having come to the comfortable conclusion to have the measure passed, takes sileuce for consent, mid expresses himself as .perfectly salisfied. At that meeting one clergyinan did, however, express ipi opinion that thc petition would not be sinned. 11s said hu roso to express his conviction that the laity disapproved of thc wording of the proposed petition in several pussugos, and he was sure that Iiis own congregation would never sign it. They objected to tho establishment*of three estates, or to the Bishop's having tho power to reject or veto tho decisions of the two orders. " The Bishop reiterated his determination never to con- sent to sanction the principle that tho elerey and laity should necessarily, in ull eases, deliberate together'; which would, in oll'oot, be an abandon^ ment by tho clergy of tko very seal td' their o/di nntion. Rather than this, they oujjdit tobe, ready to die in defence ofthat authority which had boen com- mitted to them, and he unhesitatingly declared Iiis own readiness to lay down his life, if neces- sary, in the cause of his Lord.'* Now, this was mi unfair statement. Tho laity did not oppoFo the separation of clergy and laity on some occa- sions, but that liisLorilship should have the ve o in all matters. One clergyman present said that there was no precedent for the admission of the laity into tho deliberations of tho Church. Thpy saw what was tho matter at issue. Tho Bishop desired ono form of Church government, and they, tho laity, desired another. He did not desire to trespass much moro upon their patience, but lie wished .to suv a few words respecting tho olergv and thc position which they at present occupied. Their own position and character were doeply influenced. by that of ? their clergy. (Hear, hear.) It was not that to which they were entitled. What affected the clergy affected them. What, was injurious to them, injured their flocks likewise. What ivas their manner of admission into holy orders?, In a neighbouring colony tho Bishop had refused to ordain aspirants to tho ministry on tho recom- mendation of those ministers who held the do oision of tho English ecclesiastical courts superior to the dictum of ii Coloninl Bishop This Bishop refuses to accept their testimony in such mut-, tors, charges them with heresy, and ,all but, excommunicates them. Notwithstanding i the, decision in tho Gorhiim caso, the aspirant to holy, orders must mould himself to tho humours and caprices of his Bishop, rather than submit to tho law. (Cheers.) The first step to bo fitkon, 'was' a reform of this abuse, that candidates for thc.. Church were not to submit to the petulance nnjl, ill temper, of a Bishop und be assailed by.itt coni plex series of questions. Then. what .was tho mode of preferment? The clergyman was wholly dependent on tho willoi'one man for his,position. In England, tho case was widely different. There tho patronage was vested in a variety of persons; in this colony those who supported tho olergv, lind no voice whatever in their election. Ile did not desire tho election of clergymen to bo made a matter of noisy discussion, but ho would : be glad to soo sonic middle courso pursued, so that every man could liavo a voice in tho choice-of his .pastor, and tho hitter would not be left to tho caprice of ono man. In England, the tenure of it living was a freehold tonure, and the clergy, mini's utility was increased by bis sense of inde- pendence Hero tho Bishop oûuld nt his own pleasure, remove a clergyman to a diU'ercut part of the colony. In fact, tho latter was reduced al- most to tho'condition of a menial, and could be dismissed nt a moment's notice without any cause assigned. The clergyman should be aUnehod to his parish, but hero tho laity had no voico. Again in tho caso of offences by .clorgyincii, they should ho tried by their peers. A better plan could not be devised. This mutter again was left-wholly iii. the hands of one man. Would they liuve thc trial by Jury reduced to a trial by ono niau? Then why submit the olergy to au in- justice which' they would not thenisolves tolerate. Tho condition of the clergy was indeed most un- satisfactory, and until it was remedied, he de- spaired for tho future. If the clergy hud been less under tho influence of tho Bishop, he would not now bo pursuing his present course. . Tliis proposed measure of his Lordship's would be in- operative, ho felt sure, for they had no inclination nt home to meddle in such measures, unless there was ¡in unanimous desire for thom to do so. The wholo subj cot was ono of tho deopest importance. Ho had abstained ns much as possible, in con- sidering .it, from snying anything against his Lordship. Ile regarded bjm as a good sincere mau, hut he could place no reliance on his judg- ment. But when ho assumes the arrogant power of controlling our right of private judgment, ho might rest assured that was what tho truo spirit of tho Roforuied Religion would never permit them to submit to. R W. T. ÜArK. Esq. : An accident had placed him higher up in tho part which ho was called upon to take in this meeting than he had ex- pected. Ho was culled upon to seßtind instead of to support the resolution which hud just boon so ably proposed to them. _ Thoro was one point, however, whiidi ho would liko to bring moro pro- minently heforo thom, and that was, the position., of tho Church in the earlier du; s of tho colony. Tho principles which then obtained in tho govern- ment of tho Church were thoso which thoy woro contending for now, ns thoy wero affirmed hyjhor Majesty's Government at home. Ho alluded to tho system introduced by tho Venerable Arch- deacon Scott, hy whom they would remember the Church mid School Corporation was established. By this corporation tho laity and tho clorgy .lind an equal voioe in tho management and control .of. all Cliurch'mutters. . Tho Venerable Arohdoncou nover took upon himself to multo any. regulation or to transact any business ii'l'eoting tho position of tho-Church without first obtaining tho consent and counsel of tin's body. Tbo consequence was that the Church., flourished "under his auspices, mid although tho. corporation was not now in ex- istence it nllbrded them an excellent precedent for the promotion of tho principles which they' hud that day met to advocate Tho very founda- tion of that body was tlio equality of influence which it allowed 'to tho laity ' and tho olergy in ..ll .on..lnui.,al¡nnl .....I tn..., ni.il »Ilia nina tho principle which, uhovo ulf others, _ they ought Lo secure. Ho trusted ho WHS right in Iiis roforouoo to tlic (armor position of tho Church in this colony. It' he wus not, ho saw gentlemen around him who, from their experience and no quaiiituiico with theso mutters, wero well quali- fied to correct him. Hub if hu wus wrong iii his statement of fuels, he was not wrong as to tho soundness ol' the principle ho was urging ; at all even ts, he saw good authority for it. AM this point had already been pretty well exhausted hy previous speakers, it might bo tedious to dwell on it any longer, but to show that (hoy wero correct in ' ¿lia course they ware pursuing, he could not refrain from quoting a pussago from ono of tho highest authorities, both on ecclesiastical and civil law. Ho alluded to Lord Ltauoii,- who wus perhaps tho greatest mun their country over pro- duced. Whether ns a lawyer, a muralist, or ii writer cm theological subj'ots, his works formed a must ndmirablo guido either for youth or ago. His Lordship in writing on Church Ouvorinuent, mada tho following remarks: " First, therefore, for tho government of bishops, I for my part do hold it warranted by thu word of God, and by tho practico of tho nn .uiunt. Church in tho hotter timos, and much moro 'convenient'fur kingdoms, than parity of ministers and government by synods. Hut thoro uro two circumstances in tho administration of bishops, wherein, I confus», I could never bo satisfied ; tho one,, tho solo oxeroisu of authority ; the other, tho deputation of their authority, i'or thoili-dt, thu' bishop givt-l lu . orders alone, excommdnioaleih nlono, judjii'th alone. This soemoth to be a thine idmost without example in good government, and therefore not unlikoly to have crept in in tho dc generate nnd eorrupftimes. Wo seo tho greatest kings »nd roonnrchs have their councils. There is no temporal court in Enclam! of tho higher sort where the authority doth rest iii one person. No man will deny but the acts that pass the bib-lion'., jurisdiction aro of as great* importance "ns . tho e that pass the civil courts' ; for- men's souls aio moro precious than their bodies or goods;' and so aro their good names. Bishops have their in tlrmittes, and have no exception from that gene ral malediction which is pronounced . against nil men living,.".!"«« toll, nam ii oçciUeret," ¿c Xny. «o seo that the first warrant in spiritual causes is directed to n number." / These woro tho opinions of 'one who was wll versed both in Koolesiiisticil anil Civil ¡nw. ]f there was a youth, present who wished to oletato his mind, to advance his studies in theology, or in any branch of philosophy, ho (Mr. Cape) would recommend him, to read the works of Lord Bacon, us hy far the best calculated to serve his purpose. Thoy were/indispensable aids to every one who wished to complete his education, even before nr aftor ho1 had commenced his studies in tho Bible. Willi the views of Lord -Bacon on. their side, Le thoughtthey might fairly persist in the course which they had marked out for themselves.. 1|8 had seen nothing in the ChunnYsiucn the'davs of Lord Bacon which could induce him to alter his opinions with respect to. tho sound ness bf the .principles laid dow» hy that groat writer Whatever might be the opinion* of their own Bishop, or of con- temporary writers, he saw nothing which could .influence his decision in this matter. . Ho would liave them bear in mind that, as there were no roads so rough ns those wfiloli had ; lately been mended,' so there were no sinners HO intolerant na those who had lately become Saints."V;(Çhieçrs.) Tho Worthy'mover of the resoliifioujiau'clearly shown Ibo applicability of this pm:a<o;aii ;tho proceedings which hud recently'civlled,forlh tiri expression of opinion. lt was well known that the present' inefficient state-of tho Church voa owing to tho want ol' co-operation on thc part if tho Laity-a co-operation which the present atnie of the Chm ch almost prohibited, hit them look around on the cll'orts which had recently been made hy the Church for several ' years past, and they would «co nothing, to call for tho congratulations of ils -members. Probably the question of education afforded thc must striking instance of this want of co-operation. Tho manner in which the Church of England Kchools lind, been concluded, showed clearly that thc laity had no powerwliatoycvtoaot with his Lordship' iii this matter. Until lately they hud no evidence of what a Church .of ling, land school was, mid they would probably hau remained in this predicament had it not been fm the introduction of tho Rational System.,'" 'It un: not until ibis system luid been introduced ami ¡ti 'admirable wurliing in tho mother country Jim been clenrly illustrated, that the conducion o the Denominational System lind'.thought'prof«! to establish a model School (cheers.) -" How differ eiitl.V'Wcro tho diocesan ' schools" of 'the m .tlie conn try conducted, where tho laity'Had its du influence in tho management,' and'. wlicVe. tl: 'Clergy or Bishops did not'assume ^ haye th 'entire control. The subject,' lio\vevcr,Íia'u ben 'Md'well'handled hy previous speakers.'.'and'.as h 'litîëw' there 'were several''others'to' follow, hi 'would not detain them any longer.'-xBiitj'in con 1 'elusion, lie would stnto that ho yioldi'd (o no mai in respect for his Lordship's piety, zeal, ont general dovotion to the welfaie of the Chuicli though in this matter ho thought _ his Lordshij was decidedly wrong in not having:jconsulta, tho opinion of tho laity, ns well ni that of tin clergy, in tho course ho intended to jiursiioV, ll« therefore begged to second tho resoljilioii .'whicl had just been proposed. '-'.'Vj' The resolution was then put,: and.'carrie _ Lieutenant SADLEIR, in seconding, tiioirçsolii. lion said,'that it gave lum great pleasure to sea so many gentlemen assembled to assort, a great right, tho right of petitioning ilia Queen, tho Lords, and the Commons. They carno.to assert» right equally important, the right of,.appeal. His Lordship's address 'particularly touched on this Rubjefct. He said, that the right of op'peal to thc Bishop of Hom« led to Popery, and, (lint tho authority appealed to should he local,.iii fad, advocating nn appeal to himself, in plapa jof np penling-to the Queen. . His Lordship argued tliii on two grounds-the- distance and tho.dillieiilly of moderating the decision iu .consequence of "tho power of opinion'' (local heprciiiimcd) being taken away. Tins urguniehT.,wni3i sd palpably er- roneous that it needed ho co'nïme'nt, as tho very foundation of appeal is tho removal of tim question from tho power of local opinions nnd passions. Hut tho . other argument usod, tint the appeal had lcd to the establishment of ilia Popish power, chiefly owing to tho removal of lim civil power to a distant court, Constnn ti nonie (in which the prediction of St. Paul was wonderfully fulfilled,) having been argued hy several clerçy mon, ho thought it necessary to notice il, to show, that although tho Bishop's statement nus correct, the circumstances of thu ease arc widdy different and Ins Lordships conclusion wholly erroneous. Tljo civil power nt tho present time was nt limul at the Primate's Palace, and novor like that of Homo, to bo removed to a distance. In fuel, it was tho very converse of the Bishop's reasoning, for what we had to fear wns that tho right of ni neal would be usurped here, and that wo should have a form of Popery established in this colony. Thoro was nothing to them dearer than this right of appeal, for even the' poor condemned criminal ut tho har had tho* right of appeal to his sovereign, und on - the scaffold, lo posterity and to his God. Thoy must resist lo the uttermost any attempt to cut off thisrijlit of appeal, and maintain it in all its integrity m it now Stands. Ho believed that the present mi a vory awkward caso for tho Bishops, Tho de- cision in Gorham's enso had cut them to Ito quick, ' and thoy 'wore determined to have no Gorham's hore, hence their striving- to get lim . right of appeal to themselves. (Cheers.), Th Bishopof Van Diemon'sLand hod ridiculed ttieidra of fivo lawyers, and five laymen, sitting in judg- ment on doctrinal points, and had not tiosiloieJ in dofinnoo of tho decision of the Privy Council lo thc contrary, to term it tho " Gorham heresy' Their Lordships evidently wished to do away with tho right of appeal. Bishop Broughton,! moro cautious' man than Bishop Nixon, touch» on this matter, iu ids Lett01" to Ur. Wiseman, on tho quostion of thc supremacy, in tho following words.-"The ChurolfCatholio(to'which wo In- king, has its own inlieront supremacy, nnd tins" will not fail to exercise ; neitlnr admitting, l i« . seauhir clement to assume to itself an inlluoucc ty tho weiglit of which it is enabled to piiralysp tlj" spiritual and to appropriate to itself tho solo direction of the movements of the Churoli, ns » tho cuso in -England ht tliii timc," (referring, le presumed, to tho eases of ''Gorlmin.'iuaJiistiO(» Hampden)-"nor yct,"(as'has UoL'ii''ftlio1 /ase m Homo during many centuries) sulleWng ' Iii» «. nWinnlinnl n.itlinv'lV? nliWnlll.ln the fi'eOUlnr KO» I nil right of interference' in''thb''régulát¡oii<l 'Churah uiTuirs ¡ tho due ordering of -winch sffccl tho laity ns deeply ns thu 'clor¿V.'."u,''Uoforo' pi* coeding further, ho Svonhl! rciiil'thb'KwoIutioii winch hnd beeii eutrustod to hiin/liiid irhlcU *« US follows :- .illiv/'i/i.-' 1 I ?'" That tinder existingeirotilrlitHnces, n'nd in iii» nbsoueo of nny othor satisfactory1 provision fir Ito oxoroiso of an equally! powerful . lay ínfluonco In tho government, of, tho.Uuliroh; tins niootitiffjf' gurds thu JJiiocu!« Siipremnpy ns nn essonti.il «'*'. guard agnlnst any. cnoronehinont of local cowal nstioul authority.'' i Ho believed they were much indebted lo his Lordship for originating, thc present niovomeiil, ns ho had no doubt they would got tho lay elf mont introduced Into 'tho Church, before. lon?. Methought that tho Ulahopwas quite sinoeiem his <Iesiro to givo tho laity some poH'or'hi tu« goycrmnont of tho Churoh, but lié"tuóugüj.ttal tim tnniinor of his going' about thia, ;wa.s qui'» wrong, as he.was also in the iuatter, jilncc'd befom I them. Fii^t, us to tho mufiiior they 'found lum noting oq hisjirivnto )ii(lgineutiindrcsp,3ji»|blliy'' drawing-up mid publishing circulars'awl ««. I dresses, willoh all emanate ;frdm': his! jWt&l;»l' nlone,. Neit, . h'o 'nppoiiifcd/tlio'oldrB'4oW|iri' sont Ute laity, why jiotollóivibólálty'to rte"! ' itself.-j .WiiB'it-'fnír '''át'íiírjtiét io''wÄ, *>' glVotho^laiWà-f^ luid nb'vjilöa '-in'tuo'elca'ttön of 'tliolr''reprfläenW tlvos. 'Ho. dill" ifdfc;,ir¡t¡B'ar thú"rqüostfon ^ I* whether tito*'i|16rgj''.;riotell'HfeVtly/ but-.'iacli« ? . mode of. Vproeediiro , was/contrary to every Eng^ -Ji.h prjnciplo and feeling. .' Tlio representation ot tho laity.'' should rest with themselves. Hut his Lordship, ou-the 14th April, on the occasion of the : meeting of tho clergy took up the whole day in reading his address, and put off the discussion to tho day following. Some ' wished that the con- sideration of the question should be postponed, for the purpose of thinking tho matter over, and referring again to the hilly. Hut his Lordship r anticipated or over-ruled all. objections, and ' carried everything before him. The parishioners at Liverpool, however, of whom l e tva» ono, had anticipated what should be done ut tho debate. They liad sent thoir clergyman to the mooting .with a- pocketful of instructions, representing their opinions on the veto nnd Uni convention?, and their clergyman had acted faithfully to his trust. (Cheers.) Not only were their rcpreson \- ta ti vus treated unfairly, but tho whola matter ' was altered-tlio declaration was uttered, tho petition modified. When such was the case, would it not have been fair to send the matter back to the laity for reconsideration. Jt should have been sent buck with the adjuncts ' to the vestries for further discussion. On this Ïioint the matter had been very badly managed, tut the matter wn3.equally at wrong as tho man . ner. \ The petition sets forth that the existing circumstances of the Church wero painful and ." unsatisfactory. Now, where was tho evidence for this. Ho would go to tho Bishop's own words for proof, for ho liked to quote n luau's own words against him. Hu would quote tho Bishop's own statement in 1844, of thc condition of his diocese. Ho says that within tho diocese the condition of j ;liis Church was most wretched,- but that beyond 'its boundaries they had altogether lost the form of n'Cuurch. In tho Kcport of tho Luy Associa \- lion, in'l 84G, ho. found that they spoke of the country us being in a state of thc most appalling Í spiritual destitution.' In some districts there was "'neither clergyman "nor schoolmaster. 'Ha found also in the letter of tho Bishop tho sanio .state- ment. In January CU), ISSI, tho Bishop de ploted, in the most pathetic terms, the position of the'Church 'throughout the colony. Thus they SAW that thc present position of the Church was most painful and humiliating.. When à mun in trttvolling through u country-sees piles of ruins ou every side of him, and the. people of tho country living in hovels and huts, he would naturally conclude that the condition of these pcoplo WUB very different from what it had been. ' Now, he would loud them through the history of ' the Church in this colony, nud they would seo f "'ruins of tho Church on every side, iii 1 SSS, thc subscription list of tho Diocesan Society was £3000, lust year, it was only £117. . Here was I ono of tho ruins, ; one proof . of the '"" condition of the -Church (cheers). Look at 'the Lay Association then which spread .out its branches, at first, and mude such great '. exertions-what of that society now. The only ' tign of its, existence, was a notico in a miseruble. lane- -in i George-street, "Office of I'ylii Lay Association.1' . Ho hoped that his friend V. on the right (Mr.. Mort) would , causo a white wash brush tri bo passed over it, ami.tims wholly obliterate its . name. (Cheers ami luughtor') ' Look iit tho. Parochial Associations, they also ^liad'died; away! Then ut their educational /csn'ibliBlithciit's. Thora wits Lyndhurst College, " which .iva's,opened with a splendid Latin oration by , /tlio Bishop", and suuh pomp and circumstance Aylièï'e-wns. it now ? (Cheers.) Where woco their parochial schools?' Pulling away-gone ontiróly -7or taken lip by tho Government. Where were , their Church ot Bugliitid publications ? Where Í. was the Southern Queen, which rose in, such :, grandeur to the publie viciv? Alas I no one was , ', found tu' woo her. Sha soon perished nnd fell hilo oblivion with nil her royalty and ability, j (Cheers.) Such were some of'tho ruins of tho Cliurcli in this colony. Tho Church Temporalities .. Act had merely placed them ou a level with thu Hollian Catholic Church, with which they had been lighting for nges. (Cheers.) .Whilst thus ' ; deirriided, sho was like a boat cut adrift without sails'or rudder. (Cheers.) Ho recollected the 'Christian Guardian, too, umong the publications, bul ho would puss' that. Looking ut the existing circumstances of the Chnrch, thoy found them "very unsatisfactory. At 'thor Conference of Bishops it was stated, that from tho unsatisfactory state of tho Church, they could not hopo to soo religion progress. But they did not make that ?'.'state'-'; more satisfactory by the romodies they adopted; Ho had predicted so. Ile told thom sn in hi'slotter to tho. Empire. Andas soon as the .'?.Minutes" rcach.-d South Australia, beth clergy and liiity roko up, und protested against their Bishop's '''Minute." Tim thunder of their oppo- sition was heard "and. re-echoed in Vau Women's ' Lil ndiiiid'AHotoriiii und tiny ulHu hud protested against (lib ..'Minutos."'' lu tho Mouse of Lords those u Minutes" had bpen coii'demiu'd, and tho Archbishop of Canterbury took.no more notice of them than to sny tliW . were, among tho most ridiculous things ho had over Been. Were they satisfied with tho lato account of their Bishop. They had como for the i purpose of expressing their dissatis- faction, and in what wore they at issue with tho Bishop ? Ho says in his address, that there is no form of church Doveriinient, asked for in tho Doti ' tion. This was a very strange assertion, inas- much hs thero wasu formofsynodinusandconven, tio iiilists laid down in tho petition, and if tliis dil not recognise' some form ol'government, he wis nt a loss to know what his Lordship meant. Toe convention was the uumo for tim poor laity, by whom thero wera certain question» which they could not he permitted to decide, lint what these were tlicy were loft to guess at. When t'iöy nsked to know what they ure, thoy could not bj named. So that they hud every prospect of a limated'dispu'es ns to whnt uro and what uro nnt spiritual questions. What could they ex- pect from such a system but discord mid disunion? His Lordship had gono who.-e ho (Mr. Sadleir) wished all Bishops would moro frequently go, to tho Scriptures, to »how that tho laity were merely nn assenting party to tho nets of thu Apostles iq tho Primitive Church. But on this point the Bishop hud tho most learned ' commentators dourly against him. Thero wero Bishops Poole and Bloomfield, Archdeacon Hare, Dr. Hodgson mid other commentators, who hold n contrary opinion. Tho Bishop said that " the laity kept silence whilst tho Apostles decided." It was wise to keep silence sometimos, and tho Bishop would have been wise to keep silenco on this point, i.Laughter.) Hut thoro had boon a fierce dispute, and when Peter roso up thou they kept silence. Afterwards Poul and .Barnabus rose, and James, whom tho Bishop culls tho judge. Why, ha'could not say.. The Bishop says ho do livored his juitginent, but tho sentence docs not Bay -sot- rv.tliOj^intorpre.tatioa was . merely that ho gavo'his opinion Uko his fellow Apostles, for : afterwards,tho toxt goos on to say, "And it. pleased tho Apostles and Elders and brethren," &o.; , Tho laity.did .not koop silenco-they said, " We gayé,üo such command to thoso brethren," &o.;,' which ,dourly implica authority. It was cloar.,,'; t|mt thóy. , all exercised* * authority, , and /Jif .j'ütlt'p,,!., Apostles coudoscendod to take,.^sâcjii.with tlio . laity,-.tho Bishops might, i.woll go.und 'do iikcjvisp. .Tho Bishop uoxt refers n, to Cypriapi but .Culling that Bishop against him ,;h'o 8iiys,1}jéjjjLá'goW4«shop. ' Ho wipild liavo ho i ?bjeóUo^,|tp(¿iso,iho.Bish,ip tho power of the veto.. if tho government of tho Church was now as then, i ,for,t.ho.laityjthpn,elected their own-Bishops. Let .'.them hnvo, that .> po ivor of oleotion-of ohoosihg. "?. pastors or refusing unworthy' .priests, and they ; 'iioed not edre.,i,''l,,or'his part, ho would cheerfully ' give up.tho veto - and'"every thing else, if that ' power was accorded.'1 Cyprian wroto to his people, i to separate themselves Iröni,, sinful rulors. Tho ' following wns tho' passago "reforred to ';-": Two' Bishops iii Spain having, through foar¡'conformed "'. to tho idolatries'thoro, Cyprian writes to the laity .. i0 Slly-r-' Having tho oliodienco mid fear of (¿od ,,' before you, you ' ought to withdraw from such ,ijrnfí?"fli, &0> ¡' tho people having tho power , of ? choosing or rejecting their Bishops, ought, with »lie Bishops .and clergy of,, tho iicigliboinii'g ,tj dio'ecsb"npproviiig of their choice, appoint to thu ?,, lîplscopato,', proper, successors." Let them hávo :, hut,this power ol' choosing their spiritual I cauborn, ! ?y,"'r".Cyprian.oulla tho power of " divino, rule," ^ Wid.theyslióuld not caro,for tho voto ol' his Lord i'JW.'P'. .,iCyprian ,' calls !tho, power of choosing ^-}ni!iLsA?l*"¡u 'r power. of divino rule."' Tho Bishop 1 ' r,Ki WW\l)à*fâ-My)PB ,íh«*,.;in the elcolion ol Mathias, thu' '/lo.t',^wiis,n,n,iiWiciilr,tis docision. ' '»'?'.«?»((«.litOfiti riilieulcius) idV;u. "Thero was no evidence that tho urdhiary.'. com sa. of natura had m tho slightest degree buen disturbed, und us to I li cir praying to God, in thin they were only con-" forming to tho practice of a Church wliicll.held Unit God was an answerer of prayer. In reference to tlie election of Deacons, the 'Apostle tells thc inu;titudo to choose thuin, mid, in the caso of presbyters, to choose them by lifting up the hinds. It was said that the" Bishop was only going homo for permission to consult with the luity, and that, when ho returned, a form of government would be determined upon. But suppose that when the Biship reaches home he finds the form decided upon, and h i m self compelled to take some part in tue - final settling of it, looking to his opinions on thu veto timi other mntters, would he not he likely to intro- duce these into it. Suppose permission is grunted by the Queen, and they meet for the purpose ol discussiug the form, aud having fixed on ir, the Bishop might say ns be does now, that is not agreeable to my views, 1 must havo the veto, 1 would die first rather ilma surrender it." Ile wished to rule as a King among them and would not bo satisfied with any form of constitution which did uot give him this position. This would bo productivo of strife and discord. They must agree to no form of Church government which did not give un equal und concurrent voice to thc laity in all matters relating to the Church ((dicers). He had no wish to enter into hostilities with the Bishop, but they must stund fast in che faith with whioh Christ hail made thurn free (cheers). Tho terni Synod, only used as regards thc Bishop and clergy mid been a difficulty in this matter, in New üeulund, they hud ailopted a term which seemed very upp'ropviutc, vi/, , a "general convention,'' and why not adopt that linnie hero. Ho was opposed to provincial syuods. In looking buck into Church history, hu found that there were first diocesan synods, then pro- vincial synods, first they turned out the laity, then tho inferior clergy, till there were oniy Bishops. Then to some of tho Bishops they gave the miine of Priorités, und to others that of Me- tropolitans. But the Metropolitan of Homo nt last enthroned himself ns Pope, put out the di- vine light from Europe, and covered it with spiritual durkuess (cheers). Not satisfied with spiritual ])ower, ho usurped the temporal power also, and, Ililli Pontiff, became a King and Ruler (cheers). I,ct them profit by the example and prevent that littlu horn of the beast from shooting forth. (Great cheering.) Let them root it out, and nip it in the bud, heforo it brought forth horrible and pestiferous fruits, pernicious to their spiritual ami temporal liberty. Tho despotic powers in religion and the State were alwuys linked together in Europe Tho Church wns the erndle where their ¡dens were formed-where the bent of their future life was determined. (Cheers.) There was a time, when lie held u cjiiimission in thc army, whoa he did not like tho Queen's supremacy. He had altered his views, mid would much rather have that than n clerical supremacy. The bishop hud managed this question very adroitly. He admitted thu supremacy ol' thc Queen, and that sho was our guardian ; but, says hr-, she hus deserted us. Ho liked tho Queen's supremacy wonderfully, but it had failed ; and what Was the use, said be. of living under tho shadow ol' a great name? (Cheers.) lu his Lordship's Letter to Niehohis Wiseman - he begged' his'pardon, he was a Hight Reverend (laughter)-honour lo whom honour was du/, and tribute to whom tribute-well then, his Lordship (tho plan, they would observe, was in his mind's oyo for a long.time, for tho formation of Synods) had said that, in claiming thu right to sit in pro- vincial and diocesan Syuods, thc olergy claimed u 'Small thing-" onlv this.*' Whon ho is contein \- plating a ? total elm tige in tho form of Church government, it is "only this.'' The Borealis had exhibited the right of private judgment! tho« did not interfere with the Apostles while preach mg, hut they held their own opinion. ^ Let them not K'VU UP tho right of private "judgment. Would they agree to meet in a corner of the house apart from tho rust, in it sepáralo Conven- tion, or, us Bob Nichols would cull it, this "Little Go?" (Laughter.) Ho believed, if they gavo ' up tho Queen's suprcmuoy, ' thoy had no safegimrd, unless tiley possessed tim riirht uf electiiiL' Bishons. ' lu conclusion, ho would observo, thiit they lived in troublous and stirring times. They saw the greatest despotic powers united to crush the liberties ol' thc people, but the British and Ame- rican peoples, ol'kindred blood, sholtcred tho re- fugees who tied to them for safety. They saw Homo trying to erect her spiritual despotism among the ruins of public liberty, and if they al- lowed the Bishop to persevero in his schemes here thoy wou d hud a spiritual despotism creeled ovor their heads. (Cheers.) They would meet the Bishop cordially. Thoy had written him a letter enclosing a copy of thc resolutions, but all thu answer ho returned was that hu could uot prevent a body of gentlemen from meeting tu gi-ther to petition the Queen, (Biolongcd cheers.) O. J. Bocinns. lisq., had great plcusuro in seconding the motion which had been so well put io Ihom by thc mover. A great deal of alignment had been adduced to shoiv tho necessity of pre- serving intact, tho Queen's supremacy in ni! lioelesiastical affairs concerning tlicir'Chureh ; but they were not without examples to substan- tiate their position, and as examples were gene- rally allowed to he more effective thou, precept, ho would take a casu in point. Ho alluded tu case of tho Hov. Mr. Bussell, who was deposed from the ministry on tho mero dictum of the Bishop, and without even being permitted the common right of a fair trial. (Cheers.) What stronger proof could they have ol' tho impolicy of Testing in the Bishop an'nhsoluto voto in all mat- ters all'cctiug their religious wollara ? (Cheers.) Hero was a case in which tho Bishop exercised tho most absolute power, without consulting any- body's views but his own. lie in fact took upon himself to act in tho three capacities of judge, jury, and oxeeutionoor. (Loud cheers.) They might depend upon it, whatever was said to thc contrary, that tho truo guardian of tho religious 'rights 'of the laity was tho supremacy of tho sovereign, or what was the same thing, the supremacy of tho laity. Once do away with this, and tho Bishop und Clergy became supreme, they would havo no safeguard against tho grossest and most tyrannical ecclesiastical despotism. (Cheers.) In giving utterance to these sentiments, he desired to speak with becoming humility. Ile was certainly not ashamed to act on the pre- cedent of one of their learned judges, and at once confess to a very great degree of ignorance in ec elcsiastical matters. But with regard to tho Queen's supremacy, this ho thought was tho point on which no British subject should bo ignorant. He, for one, lind taken ah bath on entering his profession, to support that supremacy (cheers). Hu considered it a part of tho constitution of the Church, and,: therefore, as indestructible ns tho Church itself. Wherever churchmen went they curried this supremacy with them.- lt seemed ridiculous, in tact, to speak of it ns a disputed question. So long ns her Majesty held dominion over those colonies, she would.ho supremo in thc Church of England. It nppenred to him that in arguing this quotion their opponents endeavoured to show that as they wero unable to carry out a Íiarticulnr act, through something defective iu tho ocal machinery, therefore, ono of the great nrin oiplcs of thoChuroli¡of England should bo violated by substituting thc supremacy ol' tho clorgy for that of her Majesty (cheers). He protested most 'emphatically against nny such encroachments, believing, as ho dill, that tho ayatoni which pre- vailed in tho mother country, and' which had flourished for so many years, wns tho best calcu atcd'to prómoto tho spiritual welfare of tho noonie. . ?. The resolution wns subniitled, and. carried unanimously. ' KoiiKKT JOHNSON, Esq : Il hud been allotted loi him to. propuse a resolution which lie was sorry' lind not fallen into abler luiuds ; but thu matter had bcou so' deeply considered by tho memhors of tho Church of England, that ho'presumed nearly ovory poison present had _ mudo himself eo tho- roughly acquulntod with it ns lo render it less necessary thal hu should coter into alone;disser- tation upon tho subject. Thc resolution which he [ liutUo move was as follows: "That tho constitution mid form of Chu rob Oovoriiinnut suggested lu tho Nevera I proceedings of thu Mishop und cloigy willoh havo been tn lien with reference to this subject, n o (as tending to substitute tho supremacy of thu local u'oolushisti oal bund of thu Church for that nf tho Sovereign) ropiunlniit to tho opinions mid wishes of tho mem- hors nf thu Church of England generally lu this diocese, and that such further administrativo functions us aro, or may ho, iiocoHiury, cnn iiloiio bo safely and properly duli'guted lo un assembly composed of tlio Bishops, clergy, and representa- tives of tlio laity, with equal ami oo-orilinntu powers, always reserving to her Majesty all such authority as is vested in her as tho head of thc Church." It would ho observed that this resolution put into a more conciso mid definite form thc sub- stance of tho resolutions which had been already adopted. The previous resolutions went to sho-v that tho laity differed from his Lordship'with respect to tho constitution that had been pro- posed ; this resolution, on thc other hand, ex- pressed the opinions of the laity ns to the nature of the constitution which would suit, and tho hind of laws by which they prefer rod to be governed. In tho few observations which he should make, he trusted that he should bo II bio to foliw the example which had been set him by previous speakers, and discuss tho matter iii u spirit ns little offensive to theJJislinp ns possible. Like other speakers, ha entertained tho highest respect, und admiration for his Lordship's learn- ing, pioty, and zeal, and for Iiis conscientious en- deavours to promote tho welfare of thc Church ? lint they must hear iu mind that they were as deeply interested in the right settlement of this question as his Lordship himself. (Cheers.) Their dearest interests were at stake iu tho matter, und whatever might bo their respect for hi? Lordship's intelligence and conscientiousness, they were hound to follow tho course marked out by their conscience?, and to state openly and freely their views upon tho subject. Tho resolu- tion which he held in his hand stated that tho proposal to hand over tho supremacy of the Queen in Church allans to the local ecclesiastical head of (be Church was repugnant to thc opinions and wishes of thc members. No doubt, to ii certain extent, his Lordship would be thc first to express his concurrença in this proposition, and would feel very much astonished if ¡my body accused him ilireelly of doubting the Queen's supremacy in this colony. Hut hu thought he should be able to show that his Lordship had very great doubt on thc point, nnd that tho opinions which he lind deliberately and repeatedly expressed were in point of faat u denial of tho Queen's Supremacy. In proof of this position, 'ho ' now drew their attention to tho resolutions passed ut tho lalo conference of Bishop-. The Bishops here state, We aro of opinion that there aro many questions of great impor- tance to the well-being of tho Church in our. province, which cannot be settled without duly constitutedJ'rovinchil and Diocesan Synods. Without deííñing the exact meaning of tho word Synod, us used in tho Church of r'uglniul, when- ever the words ' Provincial Synod " or ' Diocosan Synod* shall be used in tho following resolutions, we understand a body composed of ono or more Bishops, with representatives choseu from among the olergy, meeting at such times and in such manner us may not bu inconsistent with any law of. Church or State." In speaking on this subject ho was willing to'adopt thu example of Mr. Ho- gers, mid confess, with a learned-Iud!>c, that hu. was not very well acquainted willi Ecclesiastical law. Hut it appeared to him that it did not re- quire a very extensivo knowledge of licelesinsti cnl law, to show thom timi tho decision ol' any Synod of liishops und Clergy could not be held to bo valid in thu Church of Engluud unless rati- fied and confirmed by a superior authority, of which tho . Queen was the head. Would' the Canons, for instance, passed in lfiOJI and IG04, havo had uny authority had they not been ratified by King .lames and by the groat soul of thu nation. Thuir Lordships then proceed la suv : " We understand thc functions of Provincial* and Diocesan Synods to be these: 1. To consult and ngrco upon Huies of Practice and Ecclesiastical Order within tho limits of thu province or diocese. 2\. To conduct the processes necessary for carry- ing such rules into ell'cet. Bul not to alter the Thirty-nine Articles, tho Book of Common Prayer, or tho authorised version of tho Holy Scriptures." Now he took it, if these words meant any thing, they incant thnt thc clergy mid Bishops were to have the solo power of determin i tigrillos ol' practice anil ecclesiastical order without in any way consulting tho laity, in fact, tho clergy and Bishops were to bo supreme, und the laity wero to have nothing to do but to obey. Further on in thu Minute, ho found the follow- ing:-" Wc aro of opinion that tho laity, acting by their representativos duly elected) should ?meet in Diocesan and Provincial Synods, thnt, tho clergy and laity may severally consult and 'decide upon all questions affecting the tempo- ralities of thu Church, nnd that, no act of either order relating thereto should bo valid without tho consent of the other. 2. That any chungo ol' constitution affecting tho whole body of thu Church should bo first proposed and approved in tho Provincial Kynud, but should not ho valid without tho consent of the Provincial Conven- tion." lt was clear from this that no act of tho laity could bc binding without ' the consent of tho clergy. Both orders were tb have distinct func- tions, but those of the clergy were to bo supreme, and thc duties of tho laity wero lo bo confined solely to the temporalities. Now, he thought it was clour that tho object of the Bishops of Aus- tralasia was to form themselves into a .separate tribunal, and to exercise a governing power in all mutters, whether temporal or spiritual, over which tile laity could have no real control whnt evor. Tho veto which was constitutionally vested in tho Crown was to bo exorcised solely' by the Bishops. (Cheers.) Ho dollied that the clergy lind the power to determino what doctrines wero right, and what were wrong. This was a power which was never claimed or exercised by clergy- men in tho Church of Christ. Neither did he admit that tho clergy had tho right to enforce regulations, or rules of practice, contrarily to tho wishes of tho laity. He would nat go over tho ground which bad beeu so ably trodden by other speakers, but it did appear to him that nothing was clearer, or moro confirmatory of the princi- ples they wero contending for, than the verses referred to in tho Acts ol' tho Apostles. They wero simple and intel- ligible, and showed clearly tho position which the laity ought to occupy in tho Church. But in those days tho circumstances of tho Church were vastly différent from what they wero in subse- quent times. Thu Stale had then nothing' what- ever to do with the Church ; but in thc days of Constantine, Emperor of Humo, the Church was allied with the Statu und received State support. As a nucessury consequence tho 'Emperor becamo tho hoad of tho Church, and tho law was such in nil cases ol'church government timi tho meeting of t he clergy could not bo lognl y con- vened, or any act passel, without tho consent ar approval of tho Emperor, whioh was, in theory nt least, that of tho nation. 'I'llo clergy in those days could no moro niter or add to tho canons of thu Church thun they could now without tho con- sent of the sovereign, His Lordship had told thu clergy, nt the Into meeting, that his object was to submit to thom thu question ns to whether tho luy dumont should bo introduced into the government of tho Church, as if this ever ought to be, or over lind boon, a question at all. Iiis Lordship, in his uddress, puts forth theso propo- sitions: " You will observe, nguiu, that 1 have not as- sembled you for thu purpose of considering what is to bo tho order, and constitution, and authurity, and mutual relation of these bodies. Tho simple questions which I now propose, and to which upon o very ground of regularity and propriuty I solicit- ously bog thnt your attention may bo confined, uro virtually two :-1st., Whether you concur in opinion with thu Bishops of tho Province that tho mensuro of uniting tho clergy and laity In oon sultutiou'upon tho unit irs of thu Church is good in iirlnniiilii. mill oneilr therefor*] tn bo intrudiiuod. .Ami,. 2mily, Whothor. us it luiiukuowludgod tlint liillloulties do Ho in thu way of the adoption ol' struh ii constitution, you nj:roo with mo in thinking "j|ilit' t||o most..rcapeciful mid, tho most probably jliicuqssjful niodo' of overcoming those dlllleultles will'h'o hy 'siioli'ail'otition ,to hoi- Majesty as will bó's'nmimtbd to you fur your'approval to-iluy." Ilia LÖrÜ'suip hero statut! that it was not his object in assembling lila brethren together to suggest a form of church government, but mci cly to consult us lo ibo expediency of admit- ting tho lay clement into tho iiiauagc metit of church matters. Hut if Ibero was any dopondenco to bu pl need on Inn gunge, it was olear that his Lordship's circular, together with tho petition and'declaration up peudod, did suggest a foi in of constitution, and it was this which called forth tho expression of opinion from tho laity in tho various parishes, lils Lordship then observes " The ningle and Hiilllolotit rousoii .for our not proceeding further at the present moment is, that wu arc nut qualified ur competent, so lo do, lt will bo observed by you, my reverend brethren, that following still tho practice of the bishops in abstaining from taking to themselves the style »nd character of a Synod, I have held it ad visible for tho present to solicit your attendance at this general meeting, univ in your individual capacity as clergymen ; and have not doseriboil ur consti- tuted the meeting under thuteurporate character, or appropriate tilla, which thu original law of the Chttruh authorised tho Bishops and Presbyters of every diocese to assn ne. .1 wi».h it at the same time to be understood that, after a very careful and not designedly otherwise than impartial sur- vey of thc question, tho just conclusion appears to mo to bo that, there is no law beru existing which renders it penal th a ta bishop and his clergy should assemble in synodiual consulta- tion." Surely this was a sufficient proof that his Lord- ship doubted tho supremacy of thc Queen in and over tho Church in this colony, notwithstanding that his lordship says ho is nut "aware of any luw existing here which renders.,it .penal that a Bishop and his clergy should assemble in synodical consultation.'' lu juxtu-positioTi . úith tins, he would quote a pas sago from Burns' líeclesiastical Law, illustrating thu power of ihu Bishops iii England to assemble in synods : "A diocesan Synod is the assembly of the Bishop anil his presbyters tu enforce and put in execution canons made by General Councils, or Xatiori il and Provincial Synods, and lu consult and agree upon rules of disciplino for themselves. And these were frequent*}' held while the Bishop and clergy lived together in a community, mid were not wholly laid aside till hythe Act of Sub- mission, 'Jôth ll. VIII, ch. 10, it was made un- lawful fbrnny Synod to meet but by I loyal autho ritv-.lohns.'l to. tl'uriis'Bec. Law, Title Synod, vni. .*!, pp. ao;-3JS," This allowed dourly that in England it was un- lawful for thc Bishop to aascinblo his clergy in u Diocesan Synod iu any other way than by'direct authority from tho Queen. These laws « ero, in meaning and spirit, of universal application ; but his Lordship, it would seem, thought dif- ferently, ns may bo further soon from thu fol- lowing extract from his address to the clergy : " Tho only statute which could bo considered so to apply is tho 2">th Henry VIII., cap lt). Dut it seems to have boen too hastily,concluded by many who bnvo considered thu question in Unghuul Lli.it this is uf universal application, so that it includes . .tho case ot tho clergy pf .tilt,* and other Austral- asian dioceses. But it must havo been over- looked that there is in oxistonco nu act of thu Im- perial Parliament (il Ceo. IV., cap. Si") for tho mitre effectual government of this territory. which distinctly provides that of nil tho laws and statutes'in force within tho realm of Kiiglaud on the 25th .lilly. 1833. those only shall extend to tiiis colopy which ' can bo applied here.' " If this wiis a true interpretation uf tho law, it might lead to many serious consequence* as it would thou appear that the Church of Kngland had no status whatever in Now South Wales-a result which no ono would rogret moro se rioiisly thnu his Lordship. Tho Bishop again observes : " With tho submission of courso; which becomes mi unlearned person arguing on n point of law, 1 should urge that tho moaning of this fully ex- pressed, wolli 1 bo, ' so far ns thc sumo can bo applied' in p.iri materia ; so far as a correspon- dency of circumstances between tho persons to In» nfTec'ted by tho laws will permit such application : for it would novel* ib> to take an Act passed with reference to ono set of oases and apply it verbatim to oases of a totally distinct character.. IVrsons, for example, entitled to sit upon grand juries in ICnirlaud, cannot bo buhl subject to laws which affect the constituí ion of grand juries winni .they rcihnvo to this country wehere tho institution docs not exist. Now take a inoro conclusivo instance, wo know that a puer of tho realm may bo elected, and might even sit. lawfully as a member'of Council hero. Ami why ? but because thu law of KiiL'himl which lays a restriction upon snob a pro- ceeding within tim United Kingdom, is not in force, and cannot bo applied in a country whuru thero is no house of peers." Now. what was tho inference to ho deduced from this hut that because thu Queen was not present, therefore her supremacy did nut exist herc. Iiis Lordship further observes : " Upon this principio exactly I argue that, oven though tho Stat. lion. A'flt. dh! in longland (which I very much question) prohibit the lissom Illing of Diocesan Synods without tho royal license, it could not have that effect hero. Tho clergy to whom that Act was mount to apply,wore indispu- tably a body who enjoyed tho privilege of being summoned to attend in Convocation, oither in their'own persons or by their representativos. Tho cntiro Act proceeds upon the supposition that they were untitled to be so summoned, and takes it for granted they would bu so summoned at pro per times by the Sovereign. Can it thou be that a law, which dopends for all its forco and sub- stance upon thu hypothesis that assembling of the Convocation would bu held, should bo in force in a country where Convocation does not exist.Such a conclusion would be at variance with thu prin- ciples of common justiee." Now his Lordship, supposing his rensouing to he good, had clearly made out that thc Queen's supremacy over the Church did not exist in this colony, and, consequently, thero was no necessity to obtain the Queen's consent to assemble, tho clergy in a Diocesan Synod. AVhut was this but doubting tho Queen's supremacy 1 If his Lordship hail thought proper, he might have called hu clergy together in con voca- tion without tho consent of tho Queon nt all. Mu had no doubt his Lordship in this matter had j acted conscientiously and with a purity ol' motive that did him credit. Hut »hen his Lordship had taken thc precaution to call his clergymen to- gether, for the purpose, ns ho stated, ol'consulting /.hom ¡mliviiluu.ll v. and not ns a Svnoil. lin CN v. Johnson) cuukt not understand why ho did not ut tho sumo time summon representatives of tlio hi ¡Ly und, thus »vail himself of tho advice of both orders. His Lordship confesses that he was anx- ious to get an expression of opinion from thc laity, but why did he not allow tho linly to speak for themselves instead of taking their opinion as represented hy the clergy. Ono could hardly suppose, il'his Lordship wus sincere in what hu said ou this point, that he could have objected to so reasonable a course. He (Mr. Johnson) could see no obstacle ot present to tho clergy und' laity meeting together for tho purpose ol' forming ti constitution, but if they were to bo restricted by logul ouuetments in tho mininer sought by tlio. Bishop, it was easy to iuiiigina that y rent dill!, cultics might hereafter arise to impede tho ac- complishment of this object. Ho lind I uki n some trouble to as .urlnin what was thu nature of the oath'which his Lordship hud spoken of as pre- cluding bim from ndmilting thu lui ly to a parti- cipation in tho recent proceedings ol' thu clergy. Ile did not for n moment suppose that it was thu common oath ol'supremacy which any 1'rotesliint clergyman might take w'ithout in any wiry for- feiting his right to- moot tho laity in u ge- neral meeting for tho purpose of petitioning the Queen. Hut if this oath was binding in tho case of ii meeting of laymen, it must surely ho moro so in reference to a meeting of clergymen, whioh hud all tho characteristics of a synodical meeting. Hu saw nothing in' tho sub- scription of tlio clergy to this oath:'except nsub script ion to tho Canons of tho Church, the first of which was ns follows :- 1 1 ' " As our duty to tho King's most excellent Mnjosty reipiiroth, wo first decree mid ordain, That tho Archbishop of Canterbury (from timo to time), nil bishops nf his province, nil deans, arch- deacons, parsons, vicars, and all othor eeoleshis tiual persons, shull faithfully keep mid observe, and (ns much ns lu thuin lioth) shall causo to be observed and kopi of others, all mid singular laws and statutes, nimle fur restoring tn tho Crown of tl,lu I, In,It,,. ".".¡..Ill illl iu,l¡,.|¡nM nv.», tl... Statu oooTesinstioai, and abolishing of any -foreign power repugnant to thu saino. Kurtherinoro, all ecclesiastical persons having miro of souls, and nil other preachers, mid readers of divinity lee-' tures, shall, tu tho .uttermost of their wit, know- ledge, mid loimdni?,' purely and siueoroly, without anyuohiur, ordissiuiulntion, tench, manifest, open, amt declaro, four timos in evtiy year at thu least, in their surmous mid other collations and lectures, that all usurped and foreign power (forasmuch as the Hinno hath no establishment nor ground by the law of God), is for most just oausos taken away mid abolished ; and that, therefore, no milli- ner of obedience, or subjection, within bis .Majesty's realms and dominions, is due unto any such furelgu power, but that thu King's power within thu rciiliiivof England, Scotland, _nnil Ire laud, and all other Ids dominions ami countries, is thu highest power under liod ; tu whom nit men, ns well inhabitants, us boru within thu sonic, do by Oud's laws owu mr.Bt loyalty nnd obedience, nforo and abovo all otherpowurs and potentates In the eiirlh." lu this (.'minn tho supremacy of- tho Queen was clearly and ^comprehensively deliucd iib extend.ng «ot only throughout Kngluud mid Ireland, but throughout tlie whole of the British dominions. And as ho had heard a great (Jeal about clergymen being bound by the Canons, he i bought it was a pity Iiis Lordship did not cause that part of them to l.o more strictly enforced which required all preachers und readers ot divinity lectures to proclaim four times in each year the prohibition of all foreign power repug- nant to the Kuy ul .Supremacy und thc stability uf the Church. Had this been done, he was inclined to think that it would have gone a great way to prevent tho apathy which ut present cxisted.'and the mimeiousscccssioiisthutof luteycuinhud tukon place. Ile knew of no law which recognised any other supremacy than that of .the head of tlie nation lt was to this authority that all acts of thu Iiishops and clergy in lvferciioo to the practice and discipline uf thc Church were ultimately submitted and np proved or disapproved, By whom was thu Act of Uniformity paused, authorising the uso of the Bouk of Com- mon 1'rayer but by tho Lords Temporal and the Commons, and consequently by the Sovereign, whuso sanction was necessary to its validity ? It was ono of the few measures in which the Lords Spiritual took no part, and so far it may bo said to have been passed without any eccledasticul authority whatever. (Cheurs.) The hitler part of the resolution had buen so ably dealt with by Mr. Sadleir und others,'that he would not weaken thu force of his own remarks by any luiigthoiiod reference to it. If they were to have any change in the law of tho Church in this colony, let thurn go to first principles and invest tho laity with those powers willoh they enjoyed in ancient times. This wns tho only unj- in which a perfect measure could bo produced a measure which would give general satisfaction -and hu wuuhlhavo them bear in mind that it was necessary this satibf vction should bo fell, in order to secure obedience. ' A great deal had been said to show thu necessity of drawing n dis- tinction between spiritual and temporal affairs, but it appeared to him that all (Iiis was unnecessary. There was not tho slightest fear. . ut' .the laity invading or even attempting to invalu tho privileges of tho clergy in mutters purely spiritual. Thero was a vast dual of difference, between decreeing canons and the enforcing of Church discipline and practice Xouo were more jjalous of the rights of the clergy in spiritual matters, or moro anxious that they should perform every function pertaining to their otlice, than thc laity. (Hear, hear.) Sup pose, for iustaneo, with respect tu the question ol' baptism on which it was well known a considera- ble di if.-renco of opinion prevailed among tho laity, and serious controversies hud occurred iimoug tho clergy .themselves, which ho hoped would never take placo ugaiii-suppose, for instance, that even further differences wore to arise on this point, HUS it lik dy that,u;>y layman notwithstanding would presumo to .encroach so' far on tho provinco of ..tho'. ',, ,clcrgy as to perform' tho ,rlght . himself !, If any one were so presumptuous us to interfere with tho clergy iu this manner,' ho "was satisfied that none would feel moro disgusted and annoyed than the laity themselves, who would bu foremost iu opposing it. As ho hud said before, the laity were perhaps the moro anxious of tho two pnrticb that the clergy shotild perform all thu spiritual duties devolving on them. But, in legislating on matters of doctrine,, or discipline, ull'vctitig thc religious welfare uf thc whole .Church, the "laity were as much interested as the elorgv,'.and ought therefore to havo tin equal voice iii,tho passing of all measures having this toiuk-jioy. Tho meru administration of tho Cliuroh, rites, and,formula- ries might hu su lory left. in'thc ^builds of the clergy, but when it carno to' mutters ' of. fuith, ia which tho consciences ol' all were /concerned, it was absolutely necossnry that tho laity' 'should take ,pnrt. lie was glad to find , that they had determined to countenance no form of constitution which did not admit of both biders sitting and consulting together. Tho unanimity uf this meeting was a strong proof that snob was tho des.re of tho laity. Tho position which tho Church assumed now was a most, unfortunate one Tlicy were compelled to tu ku stups* in this matter wliich would make it appear its if tho laity, as a body, we.-o antagonistic to their Bishop, and clergy. They wero.compelled to not in sell defence, and to assume an altitude of antago- nism which in their hearts tiley disliked, and nil because they would not give up objections which they were 'conscientiously bound to maintain. He regretted that nay cause for this opposition should have occurred ns ; .they believed they might' all havo met and agreed upon a politlón, which would havo given general satisfaction uiid been snfliciunt to secure nil that was sought foi*. ; Ho felt that ho had already detained thom'too long, but ho could not sit down without expressing Iiis belief that tho Church of Kuglnnd in this oolonv hud forgotten a portion oj' her mission,'lind^'liad proved herself dclieient in sympathy,willi .tho principles of the Reformation. (Loud' cheer;)'.),,', They had become too fond of mere coroinoiiics^oo exclusivo in cim racter, having little iii.ooiniiiun with other Tro testants, und they. had,v consequently, wcakenod themselves to a very groat extent, natl deprived themselves uf the sympathies pf all oilier denomi- nations. Ho would . no)v beg to oloso his remarks by. reading ,.' to them tho opi- nion and' sentiments . of ono who held a very high position in tho Church. Tho quotation' was us follows : " Thnt they tilso walk in wisdom townrds tlioso that ¡ire not ol'our communion ; and if there be in their parishes any such, that thoy neglect not frequently tu confer with them in thu spirit of meekness, seeking by all good ways and munns to gain und win them over to our communion. Muru especially that they havo n very tender rcg.ird to our brethren tho 1'rotentant Dissenter ; that upon occasion oll'ercd, they visit them at their houses nul receive them kindly at their own, and treat thuin fairly wherever they meet them, disooursingcalmly and civilly with thom ; persuading them (if it may , bc) to a full compliance with* our Church, av nt least, that whereto wo hnvo already attained, we may all walk hy thu samo rulo, mid mind thu sumo thing. ' And in order hereunto that they tako nil opportun ties of assuring and convincing them, that the UMiofta of this Church aro really ami sin- cerely irreoui;.diable cueillies to tho errors, super- stitious, idolatries, and tyrannies of the Church of Jinnie ; and thu very unkind jealousies which some have had nforu to tho contrary, wore altogether groundless. And, in tho last placo, that, thuy warmly and most uil'eetioimtely exhort them, to join willi us in tinily fervent pravor to thc Hod of l'imco, for an universal blessed I Titi on of all HeformcU ChnrchcH, both at /mme mid ahroiul. against uur common enemies, mid that all they who do confess tho Holy Nimio of our Dear I.ürd, and do agree in tho truth uf his Holy Word, miiy also incut in ono Holy ' Communion, and live in perfect unity and Godly hove." Such wero tho sentiments which always ac tua tod thc members ol' his Church in Iiis native land s . but snell hu regretted to say, did not actúalo them hero. They wero not the'sontiint'iils ol'nu ordinary person, or one who did not feel a deep interest in tho welfare mid advancement of Ibo Church, Thoy wero,. moreover, thu senti- ments of ii high * Churchman,.: alike distin- guished for lim learning nnd lits piety They were tho sentiments ' of ono 1 whoso mime must commnnd tho esteem nnd veneration id' nil true ohiircliniuu-ho II I hided te Archbishop San« croft (cheers). 'With those observations he i begged to move thc resolution.';''' , \V. ll. rilllilN'OTON, 1ÍSQ. : ;tt wns ii g'élit nd-, vantage to lum, us thc seconder, of. tlio, resent hm;1 before them, to follow Hr. Jol'iisön, ,v;|io.(ba|d HO^ en I ind v exhausted >. Mm uuliin.it.,,I luiti bi!, had lul'L Iitiu little or nothing to sny,'<hutliiH'byiimd ticen culled upon to seconda resolution wliieli ivfrrleil lo tho whole lirocee'dingH ' of tho" IIIÚinpsi'iiH nipug limit to tho opinions mid 'wishesW tlio mi'iiibers of tho Church ingenoriil,' 'Im' wiilild trouble thuin; with a few ojUvrvnUoji^J '.^liero .soeuïéd, ''.tn his mimi, to ho «bñict)iiii'¿J,wiVii't¡ng in.their pt'titiou to «Ivo full effect, to, their wishes. They were lill n wiro (lint tho Wallops in their Minutes speiil; ol' Provincial Synods, ny which limy toll us they mean " a hoily eompused of ono ur moro Uislioj s, with representatives chosen from among thu clergy.'' Was it nut phi in ns the meridian sun, Hint if tho priiiviplo of Provincial ¡Synods nero established, Unit the g rent ir would swnlluw up tho less, mid thus their tiUVts to obtain un if dependent Diocesan Church Council bu fins, tinted. Ile thought their petition would be more completo if they deprecated the formation nf any Provincial Synoil. Tho Bishops in their'Mliiutcs told Uicni plainly that, .lt von only "In conse- quence of doubts in relation to tho Queen's supremacy, that thny did nut ut once cxcreino (ho powers of ii Provincial Synod on tho present oocu" sion. Now, wlnit greater calamity could lief'al Uli* Dioccso than tlie. establishment of a house of Iiishops competed of such ant ¡-protestants as Dr. Nixon? AU their ell'irts to secure tho establish- ment of u -"criptural lia m of Chinch Government. might possibly be defeated, if once thu notion ol" a Provincial Synod, piesidcd over hy tin arch, bishop, was permitted lu dcvelopc itself into act ion. The Minutes of tlie Bishops delincd "a Synod'* as 1 composed of the "clerical officers?"' of the Church only, and not thc body of faithful men recognised us thc Church in the tilth Article, lt was quite certain that their Lordships never intended that thu Laity should have equal jurisdiction oil all matters of faith and doctrino, indeed they ex- pressly restricted, the body of tho Church to the discussion of thc temporalities only. For this Christian concession of »hat hus been called " greater powers than were ever conferred upon tho Laity," ho very much feared they were not abundantly grateful. lie maintained that these Provincial Synods were not only dur ge rou s and inexpedient, hut that they were unnecessary to any complete form of Church Government, lind it was some consolation that upon this point of a completo Diocesan Church ho had the authority of a Bishop with whom perhaps upon every other topio he might be compelled to differ. Ile meant no less a personage than tho cnn-' tumiicious Bishop of Exeter. In u recent charge to his clergy, his Lordship' expresses himself thus: "I need not tell you that thc Bishop and his clergy, with his people, aro a complete. Church.'' .Vow that was a sound Protestant prin- ciple, although lt came from n very questionable authority. Ile trusted, therefore, tfmt they would agreo with tho Bishop of Exeter upon this point, mid ho further prayed that this particular might bo the only o'no upon which they would ever agree with that contumacious prelate. Tlie attempts of tho Bishops to secure Synodioul notion unon such abuses as they have laid in their Still utos would, if successful, have involved tho completo overthrow of thc constitution of tho Church of England. Thc lay supremacy of Parlia- ment would'lravd been annihilated, consequently every luyinnu woülil lin ve liven rubbed of his most sacred privileges'. This »VHS strong language, and he used it advisedly. Tho royal supremacy rested upon au Act of Parliament, and su long ai they maintained their connection with thc Church Ot' England that Act would apply to tho colony. Hy that supremacy every lin^lish churchman legis- lated for the Church through his representativos in Parliament. This fact should always be kept in in mind, that tho convocation of tho Clergy was abolished, and even' when convocation existed, it had no co- ordinate authority with Parliament, and was never allowed lo 1Î0 moro than make suggestions. Tho Parliament - was now tho only authority cninpo'tont to make any law whatever for tho Church."' They must never forget that Parliament'is'supremo in all questions ol'faith and practice-in all matters' spiritual us well as <teuipor.il. Tho 25th of Henry VIII. cap. 19,cu'lod tho Act of Submission, enacts, "Th.it tho Clergy should not from henceforth presuiuj lo ai ?tempt,' allege, claim,' or put in use nay con- stitutions or ordinances, provincial or synodal," tims embracing Diocesan as well us Provincial Synods. The Aolfurther "empowered the King to nominate a commission composed of il2 persons, 1G being of the clergy muí 10 of tho linty, for tho purpose ol' examining thc old ecclesiastical laws, and such of them which this m ix od body approved were to bo obeyed, provided tho Kitlg's assent wero first had under tho great seal." Tho truth was, that thu clergy hud prc viuusly to that act encroached upon tho civil au- thority, and their usiupntlon was thus spoken of in the preamble to tho Act of Submission as "prejudicial to tho King's prerogative Koyal, rmi repugnant to thc laws and statutes of this realm, and also overmuch onerous to his Highness mid his subjects." The clergy were oven liable to fine und imprisonment if they dared tu promulgate decrees. They wero wow asked lo v>v«Üvy\v.v tho old IbiindiitioiiH, to subvert tho fundamental law nf tho lay supremacy which wa* coeval with tho Reformation, and substitute for it' tho clerical supremacy of half a dozen bishops, "tho right divine of bishops, to govern wrong,-' a supremacy which was claimed upon some supposed authur! ty nut clearly revealed. Tho advocates of a sepa- rate exclusivo veto had never pointed out either in thc word of Cod, or the Inws ol' the realm, any authority for' their unsupported assertions, if they thought they could do so, ho then invited any of them to como forward and provo the cxistenco of this despotic power. Tho lidmiuis-. trntiuu of discipline in tito ecclesiastical courts was not entrusted to BishopB, but to laymen, and the highest tribunal known to tho English Church was wisely composed of nu overwhelming propor- tion of laymen, mid was empowered to " visit, reform, correct, and amend all errors, heresies, and enormities, whatsoever they be, winch hy any manner of spiritual authority or juiisdietion ought to bc reformed.'' Why t he great founder of the English Church, Archbishop Cranmer, could not mnko his Episcopal visitation until ho had taken out a license under tho Grunt Seal, and ovon Bishop Homier acknowledged tho Koyal supremacy by accepting a commission, from the King authorising him, " in (he King's stead, to oidniii, within tho diocese of Loudon, such as he should judge worthy of holy orders, to collate tho benefices, and givo institution, and execute Episcopal authority, and nil this during the Kine's nleasuro univ." Bv tho hiv snnroinacv. the Parliament coulil do «ll tlie spiritual nets pcr rbrinnblu by any'Synod whatever. It could muka and unmnko bishops, mid decido what, is heresy mid what is truth. Were they prepared to trans- fer this enormous power to halr-ii dozen bishops ? These Episcopal Napoleons, by an ecolcsinsticnl coup.d'état, desired to usurp this authority-would they permit them ? Would they consent to Klir- render their privileges for stioh n clerical consti- tution ns that? Would they Pliable these clerical revolutionists to overthrow thc old foundations laid for tho Church of Kugln nd nt the Kcformu tion, for such un imposition as that? And, (¡milly, would they' permit tho very foundation of their existence ns ii Church, he meant the sacred right of. private judgment in religions mutters to bo suppôt! and undermined by the Nixouisiii, tho llruughtuiiisui, or the any other ism, nu fortunately predominant lu tho Colonial Church ? Thc resolution was then put, and carried unani- mously.. . . T. W. S.MiTtt, Ks--., roso to tnovo tho adoption of tho following petition to thu Queen. ? "That tho following petition, embodying tho sub- stance of tho foregoing resolutions, bo presented to lier Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, and that Copies thereof bu forwarded, by thc Chairman, to Mis Crace tho Archbishop of Canterbury and Tho Hight Honourable thu fjcorctary of State for th« Colonies : - . " To lier Moat Cracious Majesty Victoria hy tho grauo of Cod of tho united Kingdom of Great llritain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of thc "Taitli " Th«.'? humble Petition of tho undersigned Members of thu United Church of longland and Ireland, residing in tho Diocese of Pvdncv in tho colony of Now'' youth. tVnkw. ! H; " S11 KW KT 11- i, » , ?; ! .' " That thu condition of tlio, Cliiiroli within; tim AustrnliiHiaii Colonies, lins for munn tililo'p'itst been munt painful anil unsatisfactory to your pclltiyuei*, ivliy bellovo that a similar feeling peryauYs1 the Móijlli'ors of tho Cliiiroli thrnughuut' tlio'lWviiieo. ii'-'iThñt doubts havu hoon expressed' respect lug JJijlrKuprcuiiiny of your most gracious. Majesty as rile, lionel of the Cliiiroli in thosu eóhiuies, to thu 'grAut'dlsiiiny of your potllioniirs',' wIlU 'deprecato ttliu'riHMiiiipliun uf J'lculushistividtHujimtuacy which now, threatens their religious freedom. "That thu constitution mid form of Cliiiroli ' Oovernincnt RUggesli'd in tho Minuto of Proceed- ings of thu Ills-Imps of tho Proviuoo of Australasia held in November,ItfcjO, mid by thu Lord Bishop nf Sydney before his clergy assembled on (hu pith of April, IScVJ, and in Ibu Petition to your Mnjesty .siibseijHciitly adopted by thu Bishop mid n majority of thu clergy nf thu Diocese ut that meeting, aro nut in acuordanuu with Ibo opinions orwishosof thu lay iiiuiiiburs of thu United Church of Kuglaiid mid Ireland lu this Diuuusu guueriilly. and your petitioners most firmly protest against tho esta- blishment by law of any system of Church Govern- ment in whiuh thu Bishop, Clergy, and Laity shall I nut meet mid vote In ono council, with eipml mid < unourrenLauthority and jurisdiction, rusurviug to your Majesty all.tho authority vested-in your I Majesty as thu Head nf tho Church. I " And your petitioners mont humbly pray thnt your Mnjesty will bu pleased tu withhold your assent to any law al variation with tho senliiiientH nf your petitioners herein i-xpressed." It appealed to him to ho most essential fur the laity lo bu upon their guard, ami 'tu take such (leleusive measures ai alight ho iu'ces»arv ti» maintain their just rights. Hu was continued in this iinpressiuti from the muling «if lim speech of tho IjOi-ti Bishop ol' Newcastle, nt a ivceni, meeting ol' the ÎVoueastlo Church Soiùciy, in thu course of which his Lordship, alluding lo th» lii.diop'o .Minutes was. reported-to have said . "Ciipios of these Minutes «ere neut to tho Arch- bishops, ami Bishops, und a special Idler-from lite Hishop of Sydney, ncouipanied the copy sent tn the Archbishop of Canterbury request¡ny his Grace to forward the mutter, if it seemed lu him advisable.'' (Hear, hear.) From this, il up I peaced that, although the Australian Pivhit, s I only put these "Minutes" forth to tho Colonial Church, us simply the opinion» of so many coin pruvincial Bishops, without taking either tho clergy or tile laity of their respectivo dioceses into their cunaseis, they nevertheless sent home a rei'iicst to the Archbishop uf Canterbury, to "for- ward the matter if it scumed to Iii m advisable." (Cheers.) But must fortunately fur the wei bu o of the Climvli in the colonies, theso " Minutes" had been condomncd in tho. highc-t «piurters in Kiiglnud. (Cheers ) Hud they becu received with any «legree of favour ut home, hew painful, would have been thu result The «lerj>y and laity ol' Melbourne, Adelaide, ami Tasmania, hud publicly expressed their dissent from many points in tho Bishops'' Minutes; but tho elerey «nd laity bf this diocese to their shame mai sorrow had remained silent until'now", ll'tho Bishops had thus once tried to have their own views carried ¡uto effect without even sucking thu cunciirrenco of tho Church nt largo, they might vere reasonably anticipate that tho - Bishop of Sydney would seek to liuvc his own views em- bodied in any form of Church gurerntuont which might bo conceded umlor the very .indefinito Petition adopted'ut tho meeting of die'Bishop and clergy. They could only so.uiro their "right- ful position by tho measures which they were now adopting. (Bear.) Mr. Sadleir had told thom that tho churchmen of Liverpool had been fairly represented bv their oleruviuan ni the Bi/dion's meeting; he (Air. Smith), before, sitting down, wen ld »Iso wish to hear testimony to tho fidelity to tho sentiments of his parishioners of tho minister of the parish tu which ho belonged. (Cheers.) W. G. PUNNINOTON, l?pq., seconded tho ndop tiön of the Petition, which hud been moved hy Mr. Smith, lie believed thc present nmvoment, which was not of their seeking hut lind been furred upon them in self-defence, was a most ne- cessary assertion of, the old Protestant principio of the right of private judgment. Ho entertained »io doubt whatever of their success ; "they wero thrice armed, who had t heir quarrel just."' The resolution having been put,' was carried unanimously. ' Mr. HiciiAtm STUIICS hero thndo some remarks to the effect thna it was ridiculous tn til 1 tc about the Queen's Mipromncy ns not existing in this colony, as nothing on earth could "capsize it.'' W. G. M'Carthy, Esq., moved " That a standing committee consisting of the following gentlemen, namely, Captain Dumaresq, M.C., Lieutenant Sadlier, J.P., J.R. Darvall, Esq. M.C., T. W. Smith, Esq.. W. T. Capo. Esq., lt. Keys, Esq.. Hiohnrd Johnson, Esq., Jamos Macarthur, Esq., M.C., \V. G. Pennington, Hsq., ThoinaH Holt, Jun., Esq., J,P., ll. Dacro, Esq., Juhn Croft, Esq., lioboit Johnson, Esq.. G. J. lingers, Esq.. \V. II. Piddington, Hsq.. William Macarthur, Esq.. M. C., W. S. Moutrv, Esq , George M'l-oa.v. Esq., M.C., William Spain, Esq., J. G. Colyer, Esq., M.D., Messrs. J. Holt, nnd llcllhigliiim, with power to add to their number, be appointed, to tako such steps ns may appear to them to be necessary for carrying out tho objects of this nicotine, nnd that* thu commltleo bu specially enjoined to do thoir.utniost to procure tho adoption of tho spirit of these resolutions in any measure or measures which may bu submitted for tho consideration of tho Imperial Parlia- ment." '' " It was not necessary for him to soy anything after tho ublo manner in which thu subj,'Ct lind been treated hy other speakers. Ho would, therefore, mu roly say that tho names of thu Committeu which ho - had 'tlie~hoüour to proposo' wore a snflioiunt guarantee that tho objects of tho meet- ing would bo fully, and energetically carried out. T. S. MORT, Esq. : So much limo had been taken ii]) already that hu would not | rolong tho meeting by any lengthened observations of his. '1'lioy were much iiidubtod to tho gentlemen who hud bestowed so much time and lilburn* on this mutier. The speakers who wont before hud sutisfled him by their remarks that tho moro loamed view bf tho subject hud proved the com- mon sense view to night. Hu wns satisfied that they nover could have any peace, such peaeo as would bo productive of good, till they hud some ac- knowledged fountain head ns a recognised source wheni'o all laws should ernannte. This uns set forth in tho petition, which ho might cull u pro- test, thnt tho Hisliop, olergy, und hilly should meet iu one body with equul and concurrent, powers. If St. Paul himself exercised tho powers ol' tho Hisliop ho could not givo Riit.isfuntion. That power would bu detrimental to him as well us to us. Ile uchuul thu sentiments as tu his learning, zeal, und piety. Ho know tho Hisliop well, and ii hotter 1111111* did nut exist. It wns a limiter of extraor- dinary surprisu to him that hu should si mid in his nreseat. mi.qitinii. If lin cnn hi nnlv bo nersuadeil to moot, them, and accord to thciii their right.", ho wns persuaded that ho would become the most popular muli in the colony, instead ol' being tho most unpopular-il', instead of hooping aloof, he would cunio forward and join in their counsels. , Common-sense principles had led him to think that no form of Church government which would bu repugnant to tho spirit ol' civil liberty, would he propor in ecclesiastical matters. Thu power must he in thc hands of tho representatives of tho people-ibero could be no unanimity without that. Ile was sorry, to bu battling on tho side' opposed to his Lordship, lint it wns a matter of principles, and not of men. They had to deal with his Lordship in publio, not in private lifo, and they wuro humid to make u (¡rm stand. This resistance was not of their own seeking. Thc fact wns that his Lordship began tho fra,!--it was ho who proposed lliu'alluratioiis, and hoimtstnol bu surprised to lind that allaru not satisfied with it. ¡io (Mr. Mort) had been de- mised ns ono helping to foment a fartions oppo- sition to his Lordship, leading to disunion and disruption. Tho document before them was inoro u protest Dian a pol ¡lion. They protested agni nut uny lorin of Church government in which tho laity and clergy would nut both meet on eu, uni terms. His Lordship and clergy sought thc law, tiotthcy; they were merely acting; on th« de- fensive. Hu would allude to ono point, tho volo. His Lordship snid that he could scarcely ho Mipposed tu hu so wanting iii common judgment ns to exorcise this veto if tho other two bullies ol' tina Church were on- , posed tu him. Now it was well known that the iiiniii Inuit' «if bm eleri'V wan mini,Heil to him. Niiiotcrii-lwonliclhs ol' thu laity were opposed In him, und how luis hu nctKil Í* lins liu not vir- tually placet 1 ii veto on nil their opinions Ï lt' lio . .does HO now, what wore they to expect «hen ho lind the poiver nf the veto wholly surrendered to liîni V Ho complained tluit they were suspicious ol' him, hut wan IIÍH own oouduct culoulnled to remove Huspieion ? All thin might bu avoided hud tho hilly been allowed to meet ar.d delibéralo with thu clergy un a lorin ol' Petition tuber Majesty. Ile deeply regretted Unit lie was culled forth by a sense ol' duty to opposo ailinn for whom hu eiiturtuined the highest rcHpect. lt wns ncccNHiiry that UH iiilluciithil ii Commit tee as possible should be obtained, us they might have Income into communion!lon with' tim neighbour- ing colonies, mid in Ibu multitude ol' counsellors there was wisdom. Although n Coiiiiiiittei'hml buen mimed, hu hoped that those present, willing tobeeoiuu members, Would not hesitate hf giving lu their Hallies, NO that it could bu Hindu us cúm- plete UH pUSKÍbil1. ,.' Aflora few ohuervutioim from Dr. CIII.YHII, in Httpport ol' thu rcsuliiliuii, ll was pul, und carried ' unanimously. Cu thu motion of Mr. T. W. Pjirrii, C'npttiiii ' l)muuresi| vacated tho chnlr, mid thu sniiiu having been tuki'ii by Dr. Colyer, tho thanks of the meeting wei o iiucurduil I n't ho usual milliner to thu Chiiirmnu fur his Wlioieiit cunduct ol'the business, Tho meeting then broke 141. 