While from every corner of the island applications for convict labour are pouriug with overwhelming rapidity into the Comptroller General's Office—while repentant lepudiators of prison labour are atoniug for their uncharitable denunciations of the means through which hundreds among them have attained to a social position far beyond their highest dream of pearly ambition, by joextending to the unhappy victims of justice, the sympathies of christians, \- , , , . - , - and enabling them once more to enter the social pale, from which the sentence of the law has temporarily excluded them—while the contemptuous execrations of nine-tenths of the colonists pursue the tracks of the canting mission arics of calumny, who for pay and pelf, S n Z ^ f L l V ^ ° f a community torn to shreds by the fangs of hungry hypocrisy and aspiring ignorance- -while the echoes of those voiccs * arc still tingling in the cars of the people the memorable declaration of Messrs. Glcadow, Henty, Weston, Cos, Smith, and Archer, "that the presence of convicts actcd move as a provocative to virtue than otherwise," —while the stream of emigration from the colony threatens to exhaust in a few months all the available free labour at the disposal of the settlers— while from north, south, east, and west the cry is heard for more labour—more labour—wo have the capital of the colony haunted by the ill-favored ghost of that . body, which has been pursued long since ^to the touib by this contciupt and imprecations of every hater of political immorality and self-complaceut hypocrisy ! One might have supi l-d Messrs. Westf Weston, I having been so often arraigned and j condemned at the bar of public opinion '—their gross and damaging misrepresentations of the colonists having been so thoroughly exposed—their motives having been so accurately appreciated —that any farther interference in the public affairs of the inhabitants would have been abstained from. But these worthy aspirants for fame and pay have " , - - , to0 mucb at Btaii e 1 l n thc chances of a protracted campaign of mercenary agi , tation, to permit their retirement into : that privacy out of which they never j emerge except for the purpose of either I ingulti or preying upon the public, TL(, ins^meIfts for b 18^ are n0w due I ~. diffi cu^ies T of John C. King's positlon m London are overwhelming— he requires more funds—tbe English press must be subsidised—an occasion- I al £10 note, enclosed in a neat envel°P e i bearing an impress of the arms of the League, must find its way with the morning papers to the breakfast tabic of sympathising members of the Imperial Legislature—money!—money must he had, or else the misrepresentations manufactured here for exportation, cani . , •, , . , . -. , ! " ot be '"culcated ,n, or pawned upon the credulity of John Bull! More i money must be bad. The question now i is, ought John A. Jackson and John C. King, be allowed to disburse it, and to monopolize the exclusive honors' of Ambassadorship in London. We at at once, without hesitation, answer in tbe negative. To redeem the character of the Leaguers from the sia of ingratitude to their reverend progenitor, another "John" ought to he added to the Australian corps diplomatique, and the constellation of Antipodean genius, now blazing in the capital of England, rendered still more brilliant by the addition of the " simple and eloquent" John West! What signifies a £1000 a year, with travelling expenses, and other contingent items, if the services of such a man could be made available in London f One visit from the Rev. John at Downing street, would convince Lord Grey that we bad amongst us ministers of the Gospel, moulded after such a fashion as he never dreamt of— But joking apart—is it not too bad, that a small portion of an insignificant, and fast decaying party, should be permitted to usurp the authority of the people, and to speak, rebellion, treason, and sedition in the name of the whole community J There are not at this moment 100 real supporters of the principles of John West and the slander brigade in Hobart Town. The League and its admirers are thoroughly despised amongst every class, with the exception of those who have a personal interest in agitation, and in giving opposition to every measure of government—and we arc convinced, that were a general election to' take place to-morrow, not a single member of that contemptible federation would find his way into the Legislature. The Leaguers know this to be the fact; and hence it is they are using every effort to make tbe best use of their present advantages. However, their reign will be short; the day of retribution will assuredly come; and the leaders will then learn, that the colonists of Van Diemen's Land will never consent to see themselves sacrificed for .the eake of transferring the entire population of this Island to the mainland of Australia. We promise to pay due attention to the maneuvering of the League, while their disinterested (?) leaden continue their presence in this city! 