Local Intelligence THE PRESIDENT OF THE LEAGUE.—A great public meeting concerning transportation,,had boon convened at Sydney for the 6tli inst., nnd ns Charles Cowper, Esq., was oxpectod to bo, present, it is not likely that ho will arrive'hero on the day appointed. WESLEYAN ANNIVERSARIES_On Easter Mon- day our Weeyan frieuds.according to their good custom, celebrated tho formation of the Sabbath Schools, in their connection, by assembling tho children together at Melville-street Chapel, at 2 p.m. _ The n eather was unpromising for the oc- casion, and some thoughts were nt first enter- tained of postponing the meeting ; but tho chil- dren by no means damped by the watery aspect of things without, met to the number of 150. The Rev. Mr. Harris gavo a very interesting ad- dress on tho subject of rain ; its use and benefit ; inculcating the duty of acknowledging tho boort, of cultivating a cheerful and thankful heart. After hymns wero sung, the youthful bands re tit ed to the upper school room, to participate in the social cup of tea and calco provided. They then withdrew to the yard for somo further re- creation of a more livoly character ; afterwards quietly returning to thoir homes, delighted with the events of the day, A public Tea Meeting, followed, and tho' not numerously attended, passed off very favourably. Tho public meeting in the Chapel was presided over by H. Hopkins, j Esq., and addressed by tho Rev. Messrs. Miller, j Harris, Mr. Biggs and others. Many excellent practical remarks were mado by the different speakers on the present condition of Sabbath I Schools,-the means of improving them, and tho obstacles to their progress. Altogether an excel- ' lent feeling pervaded tho meetings, and the cause tbey seek to promote, has, no doubt, received fresh stimulus and increased uupport. SALE OF THE CAROO OF THE " CHANNING .' Tho salo of tho very oxlensivo assortment of merchandize, tho cargo of the American ship, " Channing," will take place next Monday.on the Now Wharf. Messrs. Hay & Ivey aro the the auctioncrs. For particulars wo refer to" the idvertisement in our columns. TENDERS will bo received by the office of pub- lic works, on tho 17th instant, for the supply of various artioles of furnituro, required by the several public departments: > THE WEATHER..-Since Sunday morning rain has continued to fall freely. During last night it descended in torrents ; nearly flooding some of the flat grounds. We learn that the watery element extended along the whole line of country as far as Launceston. ' CONFESSION OF THE PRISONER LOUISA FER- RIS.-Since her last examination and committal, Louisa Ferris has acknowledged that Mr. Turnbull, whose life she attempted, had always conducted himself towards her with the stiictest propriety. MEDICAL TRANSFER AND APPOINTMENT.-A. Shanks, Esq., M. D., Deputy-Tnspector- General of Hospitals has been transferred from the Medical charge in New South Wales to that of this colony. That gentleman has also been appointed to be President of the Court of Medical Examiners, in the room of W. Dawson, Esq., M. D., who has been transferred to Madras. TOWN SURVEYOR.-Mr. James Deakin has been appointed by his Excellency to be Surveyor for Hobart Town. COLONIAL TREASURER AND CLERK OF THE COUNCILS.-The Gazette of yesterday announces that " Peter Gordon Fraser and Adam Turnbull, Esquires, having resumed their duties, the former as Colonial Treasurer and the latter as Clerk of the Councils, the Lieutenant-Governor desires to express the sense he entertains of the valuable ser- vices tbey have rendered to the community and to his Excellency, by the able and zealous execution of their duties in the office they have recently filled.'' THE SCHOONER " GO-A-HEAD."-This vessel arrived in Melbourne on the 30th ultimo, after a boisterous passage of nine days. She is expected in this port daily. IMPORTATIONS OF GOLD.-Great quantities of the precious metal have been brought to Hobart Town hy some of the recently returned miners, and exchanged for the current coin. A person, adorned with the well-known blue serge shirt, is about town with £20» or £300 worth of gold in his possession, and his tales of the wealthy soil that has made so many rich, attract a good deal of attentipn. HOUSES TO LET.-Hundreds of our fellow, citizens have, within the last few weeks, migrated to the new El Dorado, but evidently with the in- tention to return when they have " got enough of it," for the number of houses to let are compara, tively few. This shows that generally, the parties in question leave some persons behind them to retain possession of their dwellings. THE BALL AT MELUOURNE.-The ball given in honor of the visit of the Tasmanian Cricketers, took place in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, Melbourne, on the day following the match. The room was crowded by about three hundred of the principal persons in Melbourne. His Excellency the Governor, the Judges, the Colonial Secretary, and the heads of departments were present. IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.-In the year 1848 the total value of imports into the Australian colonies was £2,578,472, and the total value of exports from them £2,854,315 ; the exports exceeding the imports by £275,873. The total tonnage, inwards and outwards, in that year is'stated to have been 694,000. The imports averaged about £714s. 6d. per head of the population, and the exports about £811s. LICENSED GOLD FEES.-The total number o' licensed diggers at Mount Alexander is upwards o 50,000, yielding to the government in the way of fees, £29,383, besides escort fees amounting to £3,100 ; total £32,4831 A pretty little revenue is thus amassed in a short period from this source. A HINT.-The Jamaica Assembly met on the '28th October last. They were addressed in a speech, which the Press describes os unusually short. Some portions of it were considered dicta- torial and insulting, and in consequence was voted a breach of privilege 1 ARITHMETICAL SOLUTION.-In reply to a querj in arithmetic, a precocious youth sends us the fol- lowing :-MR. EDITOR-Uncle George and Cousit Richard have been bothering 'their brains a Ion) time about the question you printed in the Tim ea but they cannot do it. With my slate I wen away into a corner and tried it, but I do not Uki to tell them 'till I know if I have done it right Do tell me if the following be corrcct£19 lüsllá« by £19 19s 1 Hd gives £397 1 Is 3*d. I am you h umbi« servant,PAPA'S SECOND SON, MISSIONARY MEETING.-The annual Wesleyan Missionary meeting was held on Friday last, at O'Brien's Bridge, T. J. Crouch, Esq., in the chair. An interesting report was read byi "the Rev. T. B. Harris. The meeting was then ad- dressed by Rev. W. Simson (Presbyterian), Messrs. Shoobridge and Crisp. The Rev. T. B. Harris then detailed some pleasing accounts of the results of Missionary labors, exhorting all present to shaic in the honor of contributing to the support of missions. Tho chapel was well filled, and the col- lection amounted to several pounds. THE FINGAL GOLD FIELDS.—Mr. McNaughtan the merchant at the New Wharf, has received from a party at Fingal, a small quantity of gold in nug- gets, worth about the sum of £4 —the result of the work of 8 hours : £4 for eight hours labour would be a fair day's work at Mount Alexander— much more than many are making there. THE CONSTABLES.-Tho reason assigned for the Executive over-riding the Legislative authority and refusing to increase the pay of the constabu- lary to 2s. Gd. per diem, is said to be the wish of the Lieutenant-Govcrnor to have solely convicts in the police, to coerce, of course, the free in- habitants 1 AN UNPLEASANT ENCOUNTER.-Yesterday morning nn infuriated bull scampered along Hnr rington-streat, driving all before it ; a bushman walking in the middle of the road was pitched into the gutter and covered with mud i the wild animal then tore down Mclville-strcct, pursued by two horsemen, and was, after great difficulty secured. There were scores of children in the streets whose lives were for a time much exposed. At Melbourne beasts for slaughter aie not allowed to be driven into the town after six o'clock in the morning. ' A safe regulation. SUDDEN FORTUNES.-It is suspected that somo of the party who robbed the "Nelson" of jfóO.OOO worth of gold, have sought rcfugo in this colony. Three persons well known to the Polico have just returned from the diggings vi ith, it is said, ¿£2000 each. This amount they state was procured by them within a month. THE WRECK OF THE UNION.—The barque Cantero arrived from Melbourne on the 9th inst., bringing the crew of the " Union" from Swan Island. We regret to find that one of the num- ber Mr. C. Mather, had died from exhaustion be fore he could be removed from the wreck to the shore. The cargo of the ill-fated vessel was lost with a quantity of gold belonging to the owner, be sides other valuables. From the moment the " Union" struck, a very brief interval elapsed, before she broke up. SALE OP HORSES-On Saturday, Mr T. Y. Lowes, sold n number of heavy Draft Horses, at prices varying from £7 to £30, at his Mart. The attendance) was very numerous. ALARMING STATE OF MELBOURNE.-Nothing can hardly exceed the description given by the local journals of the present state of Melbourne and its suburbs. One gentleman says that "it is I not very uncommon to find men dead in the streets." The foulest crimes weie committed with impunity. Armed desperadoes promenaded the town, entering the shops and private duellings, and shedding blood wherever resistance was en- countered. The addition to the police force from Vau Diemen's Land do not appear to check the evil. Agitation at Melbourne and at the diggings against convictism, is, it will be perceived, from the Anti-Transportation meeting published in our columns, becoming universal. THE ARCTIC EXPEDITION.-It is said that it is Lho intention of the Arctic officers in England to propose a national testimonial to Mr Grinnell, for his noble and humane conduct in fitting ont, at , bis own privato expenses, the expedition to the ' Arctic expedition. . NEW ZEALAND.-Our files of Wellington news j extend to the 13th March.... The papers comment I ¡ severely on the injustice of a Parliamentary grant to , ( theGovernor of£1400,on accountof the destruction ' of his Excellency's house hy fire in 1848.. ..The i Governor of Victoria had applied to Auckland for 1 , three companies of the 58th and 65th regiments ; j . their absence, it is said, would jeopardise the peace of New Zealand, seeing there was a prospect of discovering a gold field in that colony. 1 A VOICE TUOM WITHIN THE Cnnncn.-A , parishioner of Islington, who signs himself " A Member of tho Church of England," has just ' published a reply to tho pamphlet latoly issued by the Vicar of Islington-" Tho Church in ' Danger." We oxtraot one of several rather re- ' markablo passages :~" No thinking man (ho says') can deny that tho Church, as an eccle- siastical establishment, is in danger. . . . Wo live in a thinking ngo-tho mind of man is making gigantio strides in science and tho arts consecrated error in each has been exposed and rejected, and with the book of God in their hands men will judge and condemn, as well in tho Church as the State, whatever is opposed to its principles or its preceptB. You yourself admit that the Church ' requires purification'-but puri- fication from what?-from all that is contrary to tho mind and will of God ?-all that is a hin- drance to the gospel ?-all that savours of this evil world ? Surely you will-you must-in tho sight of God and as a minister of Christ answer in the affirmative. Then, lot mo ask, is it nothing that the spiritual governors of our Church aro appointed by the Primo Minister of the day, whatever his moral or religious character may be, whether he be a tractarianor an infidel-whether he favours tho Church of England, or is deter- mined to deal out to it a ' heavy blow and great discouragement?' Is it nothing that a manso appointed should come before a holy God and de- clare that he Is ' persuaded ho is truly called to this ministration, according to tho will of our Lord Jesus Christ,' and that the archbishop and bishops present should say to such a man' " re- ceive the Holy Ghost,' when it is notorious that, unless the person so appointed by a Whig Minis- ter, were himself a Whig, and would vote as a Whig, or appointed by a Conservativo Minister, were a Conservative, and would voto as a Conser- vative, ho would not have obtained the appoint- ment ? Is it nothing that worldly aud uncon- verted men, whoso only qualification may be that they have a certain quantum of theological learning, many of whom hold erroneous, and even Popish doctrines, aro ordained to be minis- ters of Christ and presented to churches in large and populous parishes and districts ? Is ;t nothing that livings (as they aro often rightly termed) and . next presentations-in other words, the right to preach the Gospel and administer tho blessed sacraments of tho Church-are daily, openly, and notoriously sold as cattlo in the mar- ket to the best bidder, though he may be a schis- matic or an infidel, an extortioner or a drunkard, and that such characters as these have, a legal right to present their sons and nephews, or any wordly-minded individual who can obtain ordina- tion, to be the spiritual guides and instructors of tho people ?'-London Paper. The Cape of Good Hope_A late number of the " Times'' thus concludes a lengthy articlo upon the state of affairs at the Capo-Respecting our future oourse of policy, we need only point out a few manifest duties. While wo occupy the Capo we shall come in contact with Caffres, and the object is to inflict on these marauding savages the most effectual retribution at the smallest pos- sible cost to ourselves. This can only be done by contracting our territory. Tho immediate in- terests of the British empire at the Capo of Good Hope would be satisfied by the retention of a comparatively small territory round Capo Town, and we, at any rat«, can have no obliga- tion to maintain n handful of sheep farmersjn tho enormous provinces which have been attached to our domination on the eastern border. If these parts aro colonized, they must be colonized at tho risk of the settlers themselves, with such aid as their western neighbours may furnish. We can- not, at five thousand miles distance, charge our- selves with the formal mediation between settler *- And savage for the gratification ofthose who fear i that tho savage may get tho worst of the bargain. ; If tnäpastures of South Africa cannot bo occupied , without a liability on tho part of our Exchequer t to occasional demands of three millions sterling, s our emigrants should be direoted to some por . tion of tho imperial tcrritorioswhero.no such 1 contingencies provail. If tboy rmut needs go r to Caffraria, thoy must go on their own peril, and provide against Caffres as they would against ratllosnakos or lions. 'All the ceremonies of tho session havo boen hero undono by'the ovonts of tho reopaa. It is roally the eame as if the window-tax had bcon reimposod upon us, for the money must come out of our pockets io some shape or other, and we may roly upon it that the cost of tho'war, as lonjr as it lasts, is not likely to bo diminished. Wo only wish wo could discern an end of tho charge, but we must nt any rato, record n determined protest against any such grants for the futuro. Vegetable Serpent -According to some Italian journals, a now organized being has been discovered in the interior of Africa, which seems to form an intormediato link between vegetable and animal life. This singular production of nature has the shapa of a spotted serpent. It drags itself along'the ground, and instead of a head, has a flower shaped like a bell, which contains a viscious liquor. Flies and other insects nttractcd by the smell of this juice, enter into the flower, whoro they are caught by tho adhesive matter. Tho flower then closes, and remains shut until tho prisoners are bruised and transformed into chylo. The indigestible portions such as the head and wings, are thrown out by two lower spiritual openings. Tho vegetable serpent has a skin resembling leaves, a white and soft flesh, and instead of a body skeleton, a cnrtilagcnous frame, filled with yellow marrow. Tho natives consider it delicious food. 