SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (Abridged from the Herald and the Empire.) ARRIVALS. APRIL 29.-Rory O'More, barque, 296 tons, Captain Smart, from Newcastle 26th instant, svith 377 tons coals. 29.-Adventure, schooner, 100 tons, Captain Butler, from Melbourne 22nd instant, in ballast. 29.- Spartan, barque, 364 tons, Captain Marshall, from Manila February 10. Passen- gers-R. Jeffh, Esq., surgeon superintendent, and 240 Chinese immigrants. 29.- Clara, brig, 179 tons, Captain Cooney, from Melbourne 22nd instant, iii ballast. Pas- sengers-Messrs. Roberts, G. Lawson, J. Ra- phael, H. Norton, W. J. Brown, T. Lapping, L. M'Gowan, S. M. Murphy, T. Rasvling, and 6 in the steerage. 30.- Jessie, barque, 180 tons, Captain M'PIiun, from San Francisco 21st February, and Honolulu 22nd March, in ballast. Passengers Dr. J. H. Tanner, Mr. and Mrs. Calcrath, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson and son, Mrs. G. Owen, Mrs. Shaw, Messrs. Trevelyn, R. Bennett, J. Reid, H. N. Cook, W. H. Smith, G. Marsden, M. Joseph son, W. Nebbal, J. Loveday, W. Hazlett, W. Law, and 56 in the steerage. | MAY 1.-Foster, ship, 595 tons, Captain Broderick, from the Downs 18th December. Passengers-Mr. S. Chauntler, Mr. J. Medley, Mr. C. Prisley, Mr. B. Robson, Messrs. M'Ewen, H. and C. Hancock. l.~ Queenstown, brig, 335 tons, Captain Peters, from London 1st December, and Cape of Good Hope 28th February. Passengers-Mrs. Peters and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Sandy, Mr. und Mrs. Jones and tsvo children, Mr. and Mrs. Perry, Mr. Einpy. DEPARTURES. APRIL 29.- Woodlark, barque, 237 tons, Captain A. Tucker, for the South Sea Fishery, with whaling stores. 29.-Diana, brig, 103 tons, Captain W. Hansen, for Melbourne. Passengers- Messrs. R. Simpson, D Cameron, Fraser, H. M'Kay, Cahill, Jones, Trembath, Grayton, Cond, J. Johnson, W. Wilson, H. Barker, and 10 in the steerage. 29.- Cape Horn, barque, 173 tons, Captain J. Eedy, for Melbourne and Geelong. Passen- gers-Messrs. H. Solomon, E. Liebman, J. Nesv stead, D. hinehani, H. Walpole, N. Gilbert, Langhorne, Gordon, Solomon, Mrs. Cope, Mrs. Widuentone, and 66 in the steerage. 29 -Jessie Byrne, barque, 536 tons, Captain J. Baker, for San Francisco. Passengers-Dr. J. Gilbert, Messrs. C. Adams, Eade, Mrs. Brown and servant, Mrs. Bligh, Mrs. Morrison, and 107 in the steerage. 30.-King William, barque, 463 tons, Cap- tain Dewar, for Kiapa, New Zealand. MAT 1.-Zetland, ship, 1283 tons, Capt. H. Brown, for Callao. 1.- Chieftain, barque, 293 tons, Captain R. Edsvards, for Guam, iu ballast. 1.-Lavina, schooner, 64 tons, Captain H. Wyborn, for Moreton Bay, with sundriis. 1.-Don Juan, schooner, 130 tons, Captain E Courtney, for Melbourne. Tassei gers-Mr. W. Merrett, and one in the steerage. 1.-Shamrock, steamer, 200 tons, Captain W. Bell, for Melbourne. Passengers- Messrs. Mur- ray, Collins, Mr. and Mrs. Hassker, Hordern, Larnach, Lloyd, G. D. Craig, Webb, J. Moore, Cetta, Lamb, Lady Dowling, Miss Hasvyard, Resuer, and 95 in the steerage. 2.-Sir John Byng, brig, 169 tons, Captain R. Frith, for Port Fairy. Passengers-Mr. Campbell and Mr. Ferby. 2.-Frederick Grißiths, schooner, 53 tons, Captain C. Deering, for Geelong. ARRIVALS OF COASTERS. APRIL 29.- Thistle, steamer, from Morpeth, with 57 bales wool, 41 casks tallow, 17 bales sheepskins, 495 bushels maize, 40 bushels barley, 4 bags onions, 14 bags bran, 47 pigs, 56 loose cheeses, 12 horses, and sundries. 30.- Clarissa, from Ness-castle, with 52 tons coals ; Sister, from Morpeth, with 30 casks tal- low, 129 hides, 121 bushels barley, 10 trusses hay, 1000 horns, 101 boxes candles ; Brothers, from Newcastle, svith 30 tons coals ; Alexander and John, from Nesvcastle, svith 150 tons coals. MAY 1.-Eagle, from Nesvcastle, svith 36 tons coals; Ariel, from Nesvcastle, with 78 tons coals ; William and James, from Newcastle, with 92 tons coals, 100 bushels maize; Rose, steamer, from Morpeth, with 11 bales wool, 54 casks tallow, 60 trusses hay, 1 bale skins, 21 hides, 76 bags bran, 4 bags flour, 327 bushels maize, 92 bushels barley, 25 lambs, 100 pump- kins, 13 horses, and sundries ; Thistle, steamer, from Morpeth, svith 22 bales wool, 29 casks tal- low, 11 casks oil, 130 hides, 10 bales sheepskins, 200 bushels maize, 76 bushels barley, 30 bushels wheat, 10 bags flour, 234 bags bran. SHIPS FOR LONDON.-The Prince of Wales and Johnstone are advertised to leave immedi- ately after the arrival of the Waratah. The Douglass will probably leave about the same time. The Senator is cleared, and at Pinchgut. The Ganges, ship, is also cleared. The barque Ganges will be full about Thursday next. The Cornelia, Glenbervie, and Neptune, are nearly loaded. The Pelham, Maitland, Sapphire, and Duke of Wellington, are all taking in dead sveight. The Unicorn is about to commence taking in. The foreign ship San Francisco is taking in dead weight.-Empire, May 1. FOB LIVERPOOL.-The Carthagena will pro- bably be a full ship to-night, and sail during next week.-Empire, May 1. The Queenstown, Captain Peters, formerly of the William and Mary, has been 151 days from England, having called in at the Cape of Good Hope. Captain Peters has favoured us svith English papers to the 14 th January, and Cape news to the date of her sailing. The Foster, from London, has had a tedious passage of 135 days ; which may be accounted for by a prevalence of easterly winds, and a heavy cross sea, since rounding the Cape of Good Hope. The cases on board the David M'lvor are more favourable ; and it is to be hoped the ves- sel will soon be released from quarantine. THE STEAMER " CLARENCE."-The new paddle steamer Clarence, bound for Sydney, put baok to Liverpool, January 14, with loss of mizen mast, and other damage, having been in contact, on the night of the 13tb, off Point Lynas, with the Gladiator, from Dantzic to Liverpool. Empire. ENGLISH SHIPPING.-The ship Surry was advertised to sail from Bristol, for Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, early in February. The Duke of Cornwall, for Adelaide, Port Phillip, and Sydney, would sail about the 15th January. -Herald. ENGLISH SHIPPING.-The King George, from Plymouth to Sydnev, svas spoken November 24 th, latitude 9 N., longitude 24 W. The French ship, Edouard, bound for Melbourne and Sydney, was spoken off Cape Fin is terre, eight days out. The date is not given. The Salacia, for Sydney, was loading at Liverpool, January 14th. The Roman Emperor and Mary Bannatyne were loading at London for this port, at the same date. The Mount Stewart Elphinstone, from Sydney, arrived at Gravesend January 11th. The Lightning, for Sydney, was spoken Decem- ber 27th, latitude 50 N., longitude 9 W. The Achilles, bound for Sydney, put back to Deal January 3rd., and ss'as reported to sail again on the 10th. The Washington, for Adelaide and Sydney, sailed from the Clyde December 12th. EXPORT OF GOLD EX " JOHNSTONE."-The fol losving is the list of consignors, and the quan- tities of gold, transmitted to London by the ship Johnstone, Captain Harrison : Ozs. dwts. grs. G.A.Lloyd. 1250 Lyall, Scott, and Co.. 550 J. Thompson and Son.. 396 J. Macnamara. 53 T.Perkins. 250 H.Nathan. 223 Donaldson and Co.... 123 Harmel. 99 0 0 0 0 0 0 8 0 0 0 2 6 2 19 9 6 2945 12 Two thousand nine hundred and forty-five ounces twelve pennysveights and seven grains, the value of which, at £3 5s. per ouuee, is £9573 4s. lljd.-Herald. The Spartan brings 240 Coolies. Ten of her original number had died on the passage-five from poison, supposed to have been obtained from the unboiled cassava-root, obtained from the island of Rajah Bassah, on the south side of Sumatra, in the Straits of Sunda, where the Spartan touched for fresh provisions and water. It svould appear the Chinese are remarkably fond of the cassava, which if eajen in its raw state is often productive of serious consequences. Dr. Jeff describes the symptoms to have been pre- cisely similar to several cases he has been called to attend on, in consequence of the patients having partaken of the cassava. The other five dieu from dysentery, brought on by the impurity of the water taken on board at Rajah Bassall. An extract from a private letter by the Spar- tan informs us that sixteen vessels have been laid on in China for San Francisco, for the con- veyance of passengers. The Spartan does not report any vessels as loading at Manila for Sydney. The Rory O'More, barque, left Newcastle last Monday afternoon, and has had nothing but light southerly winds. She has been in sight of South Head Lighthouse two days and a night. She reports the Lady Peel, Ann and Jane, and Ceylon, as loading coals for Melbourne; they would sail in a fesv days. The Ceylon, brig, for San Francisco, had to discharge part of her cargo in consequence of a slight leakage. The Spray, brig, was to sail fur Nelson, (New Zealand), on the 28tb.- Empire, April 30. Vessels^ in Newcastle are as follows : Spray, loading with cattle, for New Zealand ; Ann and Jane, Ceylon, aud Lady Peel, loading coals for Port Phillip, nearly ready to sail; Simswell. loading for London ; Indus, discharging -ballast, -Ser aid, May 1. The Thistle, sUianier, reports a barque, called the Eliza (port not ascertained), going into Newcastle as she came out on Saturday ; and tin arrival of the Rapid, from Sydney, to ship coali for California. The Malacca, hence for Madras, arrived at th« | Cape of Good Hope February 8th. The Jessie, from San Francisco, has not spoken ] any vessels during the passage. The Appari. tion, schooner, and Flying Fish, would leave I San Francisco for this port shortly after the j Jessie. I We learn from the Manila Price Current,! 17th December, that the French ship J/onla-l lambert, bound from San Francisco to Manila,! was svreckcd on the 29th September last, near I the coast of Panay, one of the Philippine Ldutids ¡ the captain and cresv arrived there safe. Also, the ship Saint Paul, bound from Salem to Manila, was totally lost on the island of Masbate, near the Straits of San Bernardino, on the 7th December ; but the cargo had been saved, and hud arrived, together with the crew, at Manila. Exports from Manila to Australia, in 30 ve«, sels, in 1851: sugar, 173,299 piculs; cigars, 12,970 ; coffee, 3361 ; cordage, 2606 ; hats, 9400; molasses, 840 gallons; arrowroot, 840 fiiculs. Comparative export of sugar to Anstra ia; 1845, 151,467 piccls; 1846, 11,784; 1847, 173,300; 1848, 103,000; 1849, 97,452; 1850, 143,496; 1851, 173,299.-Manila Price Cur- rent. By letters from- Nesv York, just received per American ship Channing, now in our harbour, sve are informed that upsvards of twenty lar^e vessels are laid on in the States for these colo, nies. The freight of a ton of flour or other produce from New York to Hobart Town, is one fourth less than the carriage of a ton of wheat, from Bothsrell or Hamilton. Let the farine« look to this.-Hobart Town Guardian. A LIVE GHOST.-For several days and nights Cast the nerves of the Brickfield- hill residents ave been seriously affected by the hourly apparition of an unearthly figure at the windows of a dilapidated building adjoining the premises of Mr. Tanner Wilshire. Women, children, and maid servants were scared from their several duties of suckling, playing, and scrubbing, bj the appalling visitant ; while the greatest ex. eitement prevailed amongst the males, whose courage was challenged to elucidate the " mja. tery." Last night one of the redoubtable corpt of " Indigoes," doubly armed with baton and « ball, volunteered as a " forlorn hope" to unken- nel the spirit, and forthwith ascended to the haunted chamber, amidst the cheers of the motley group, consisting of several hundreds collected below. In a few moments the daunt- less " trap" reappeared, grasping by the collar i stalsvart-Duilt youth, who had, it svould appear, undertaken to play the part of Hamlet's papa for this occasion only. This substantial refuta- tion of their fears svas received with yells o{ delight by the crosvd, svho voluntarily, en masse, escorted the " phantom" to watchhouse quarters. -Bell's Life, May 1. INVALIDITY OF SHIPS' ARTICLES.-The cage of the Thomas Arbuthnot, which was argued in the Supreme Court yesterday, was the cause of a large assemblage of persons in and around the Court during the whole day. Of these the larger proportion by far were masters of vessels and seamen, all of whom manifested a deep interest in the progress of the case. Several of the crews in harbour had, we are informed, struck work in consequence of the proceedings in this case, the supposed defect in the Thomas Arbuthnol's articles being common to those of most other vessels in port. Judgment was reserved.-Herald, April 30. THE GOLD ROBBERY FROM MB. THOMPSON'S TENT AT SOFALA.-At the Bathurst Quarter Sessions, on the 26th April, John Howard, Archibald Campbell, Thomas Grant, and John Sullivan, all of Sofala, labourers, were indicted for having on the 14th February last stolen 70 ounces of gold dust, of the value of £220, the property of Saul Samuel, Esq. A second count charged them with receiving the same knowing it to be stolen. The prisoners pleaded not guilty. Campbell, Grant, and Sullivan svere de- fended by Mr. Serjeant. The-particulars of the robbery from the tent of Mr. Buchan Thompson have already appeared. Further evideuoo wa« adduced, by which it appeared that one Bud kin purchased from the prisoner Howard seven ounces of gold 14th February last, part of which was identified by Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Thomp- son's clerk, as some of that stolen from Mr. Thompson's tent. It svas also given in evidence that on the 15th of February, the prisoners Campbell, Graut, and Sullivan sold to him cer- tain gold, for which they received £198 4s. 11 Ail., part of which was also identified. After a long trial the prisoners svere found guilty, and sentenced to hard labour on the roads or other, public works of the colony.-Herald, May t. THE GOVERNOR GENERAL.-His Excellency the Governor General and suite arrived in the city yesterday morning from their tour through» out the mining districts.-Empire, April 30. BODY FOUND.-On last Friday evening, in consequence of information received, police ser- geant M'Makin, stationed at the North Shore, proceeded to a place in the bush at a short dis- tance from the road leading to Middle Head, and found the remains of a man lying on a rock. The left foot and the right arm were completely gone, and scarcely any flesh on any part of the body. About six yards from the body was found a revolver, with some percussion caps, and a few bullets, but no powder. In the pocket of his trowsers were found 10s. in silver, and a roll of notes, the latter so saturated that it was im- possible to count how many it contained. Nothing has since transpired affording a clue to the identification of the unfortunate mana. He appears to have had on a brown pilot cloth coat, with velvet collar, which, so far as can be judged from its present appearance, had been a considerable time in use. It is to be hoped that something may transpire by which the body may be identified at the Coroner's inquest. Herald, May 3. 