(To the Editors oftlie Freeman's Journal.) Gentlemen-. — I respectfully request you will afford me a space in your most useful and defen sive paper, just to express my opinion with regard to a composition which appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald of Saturday, the 31st January. The libellous author under the pretext of amusing his readers with a political and social account of the Philippine Islands, quite evidently betrays an immeasurable hatred not only against theipriests of Manila, but also towards the whole Church to which they belong, — witness the writers irony about the good old dame and the maternal solicitude for thirty millions of British subjects, then his mutilation of the Spanish character, and his malignant portraiture of the priests. Now if I be permitted I shall briefly express my sentiments touching the character of this semi clerical writer himself, I conceive him to be in his oWn^capacity as a newspaper correspondent, what the Feckless drunken Mariner is, in his social con dition, on being let loose in a Spanish port ; he hastens under the impulse of uncontrouled evil passions into the first den of iniquity he can scent out, he drinks, fights, and is ocerpowered, retreats to his companions, Gut and maimed perhaps, he vents his rage against the Spaniards in oaths and imprecations, and through National prejudice or something worse, will ever after, at all opportuni ties, stigmatize the Spanish people as a nation of brigands and assassins. Although the particular correspondent of the Herald and the dissipated sailor are distinct characters, yet, they are really existant beings and their name is Legion ; and what the one is, in licentiousness and pugnacity, the other is in pre judice and religious slander and animosity. On reading the first few lines of Manila in 1851, I could scent the vile production as Hamlet's ghost scented the morning air, but instead of retreating as did the tragic spirit, I found the political aud social account of Manila to be only a shallow pre face to one of those millionth time repeated calum nies, engendered in the impure imagination of unscrupulous contributors to the Anti-Catholic press. No doubt is entertained concerning the respectability of the writer, nor can his motives be concealed in characterizing the peaceful Catholic islanders as a community of dupes, and in accusing their priests of impurity, extortion, gambling and grossly defective morals in all possible shapes. It is assuredly true that most part of the Herald's readers will swallow with avidity all that can be written to stigmatize the Catholic priests and peo ple of any nation whatsoever, but Catholics of every class, learned and unlearned, will treat the vilifying charge with utter contempt and indigna tion, for in no part of the habitable world could .the pastors of the Church tolerate even the shadow of depravity so flagrant as that so foully depicted bv the Manila Co respond nt of your contemporary How placidly the writer informs his readers that the simple half- cast people of the Philippines regard without suspicion the undisguised concubinage of their spiritual guides. This is a base misrepresentation, to say the least of it, and it may be expected that the same writer oh his next appearance -in' print, will broadly assert that the Catholic Church sanctions the heathen vice or' polygamy in certain places un der certain circumstances, — that writer has said as much,§ and nothing can be teo absurd for the deceitful vision of prejudice or an abused educa tion. , We Catholic3 have had a gracious respite from the rancorous pen and the corroding types of bigotry, since the commencement of the golden era in Australia, and this because our assailants have been more laudably oc- upied about gold, and the expounding of golden dreams, about mother earth and her metallic constitution ; but now we begin to suspect that a series of scurrilous reports and extracts will come pouring in upon ns from the Hebdomadal broadsheet of your contemporary, for its spacions surface will sometimes afford a corner for a palatable anti-papal morceaux. Under this apprehension let us prepare for the' defence, let every man who is able to write or speak his sentiments, endeavour with all the powers'-' of thought and language he can command to neutralize the venom of the'scorpioei's tail, even as it may opperate against a simple Spanish priest who.' claims our esteem and sympathy, as much iu his clerical character, as do the exemplary Priests; of the land we live in. Is the Hera d's ' correspondent really a British subject ? Well! one would' or might imagine that his defamatory com pound was the introduction of a prospectus to in vade the Philippines, for the purpose of reforming the government thereof, to introduce Protestantism, socialism, &c;, and to extirpate the ten thousand Priests which he alleges these Islands contain. Whether the writer of this libellous composition be a ficticious personage or otherwise. I may imform him that the puiity of the Spanish character, and the Christian morality of the priests will outlive his perishable scribling, and all that can be said or ?written by 'the slave of prejudice. I shall further say that it is ungracious in the ex treme, for any portion of the Australian press, to cast a stigma on the civil and religious character of a friendly Colony, 'belonging to an honorable and friendly nation, without most positive testi mony. I have seen your paper of Thursday, the 12th instant, and am well pleased in finding that you have not suffered the commencement of Lopez the second's prospectus, to pass without reprehension. I am, Gentlemen, most respectfully, Tour obedient servant, ? ? J. H. 