HERR KAUFMANNS MUSICAL? INSTRUMENTS. We had an opportunity on Tuesday of" inspecting the mechanism and arrangements of the very extraordinary musical instruments this (gentleman has invented. To attempt to give any idea of the com- plexity of the details and yet of the ex tin mine simplicity of the principles involved in the mechanism, would be impossible without a long series of elaborate drawings and even then few would be able to compel even the delicacy and skill required to produce the harmonious results the audience have an opportunity of see me; and hearing. All the instruments are self-net i Hi.', except one (the harnioiiiehord) which is played upon like a piano, by means of keys, although the sounds are produced by motion, and not by percus- sion. The result is, a delicacy and sweet- ness of tone, and in command of instrumental tion beyond the power of a piano or chamber organ One thing at all events is proved by these inventions, that we are independent of pugnacious trumpeters or dissipated drummers. What would not Jullien have given for Herr KaiiflmunnS self-acting druuiB, in place of the lollies -The unhappy bassoon player asked in a pure, "Vere the wind was to come from when unceremoniously called upon by the gods to play louder," he might have been referred to the tiny bellows which Mr Kaufmann contrives shall perform the functions of the exhausted human thorax. , - But it -is-. JP." instruments are ratio (and, that probably the greatest amount of gratification is afforded, and the mu Moni taste as well as the mechanical skill of' Mr Kaufmann are best exemplify ed, The instruments are five in number the orchestration, the syniplioiiiun, the hair memebers, the ehorduulodion, and the automaton trumpeter. A description of these we take from a German paper : "The Trumpet Automaton proves that the principal and marino notes may be produced by mechanical, construction on one and the same trumpet, and that the air-column of a wind instrument is capable of a double vibration, and consequently, of a double tone. "The Orchestrion contains an artificial imitation of Ilutes, flageolets, clarionets, Cornelius, bugles, ingots, trumpets, has- soons, tubes, every one possessing a separate crescendo and decrescendo. For in creasing and marking the rhythm, kettle- drums, drums, cymbals, and spangles are added. " The Chordniilodion and Syniphonion contain Rules with pianoforte accompani- ment, and the late)', in particular, is so until kable by the crescendo it is to decrescendo of the limestones, by the accurate imita- tion of the pianoforte tone, and, addition- ally, by its clarionet and piccolo-tones, together with kettle drums and triangles. The believe. Instruments are moved mechanically. In the construction of them the builders have not merely aimed at producing neat and complicated playing machines, but they have also endeavoured to implant in them some of that charm which is peculiar to human performance. We heard flute va Watkins for the symphonies, in which the performance of a living artist is strikingly simulated. Wonderful effects are produced by the simultaneous playing of tire instruments. There is something of a really practical charm in the Orches- trion. " La the Hnrmonichord, which is played by Mr Kaufmann and his daughter, the sound is produced by the friction of a wooden cylinder, covered with doeskin (which, like the violin bow is lined with telephonist), against common pianoforte strings. By two pedals, which may also be used singly, the cylinder is brought into revolution, and on the gentle pressure of the keys the sound is produced ; the strength or weakness, the crescendo or de-' crescendo, on being sustained, is determined by the pressure of the finger on the keys. The quicker or slower notion of the pedals does not affect the strength of the sound, but the shade of the same, a slower motion rendering the tone soft and mellow, u quicker one sharp and hard. Although better adapted to sustained music, the instrument Ins, nevertheless, particularly in the higher octaves, very quick notes. The fine strings of the llarmonichord vibrate by a vibration note, which, in opposition to all established laws of string vibration, divides the same into two unequal halves, the lower one amount- ing to 2-5th, and the upper one 3-5th of the strings length. It is also remarkable that the sound produced by the play of the instrument differs from that in which it is joined by the next upper fifths. It is already a number of years ago that, this instrument has been invented by Mr Kaufmann, sen, but its construction has hitherto remained a secret." 4 Wiinnr: WERE YOU LAST NIGHT AT TWELVE?' A JUDICIAL "SICHTCH. -There was a judicial functionary residing in Bos- ton, some years since, whose legal acumen and profundity only equalled his general character otherwise, and who was a man " not to be sneezed at,' at least, when he was seated upon the bench of the police court, where he presided two or three days in each week. When seen in the act of delivering his opinion, the learned Judge was a picture to behold ;' and when he finally got it off, his was an opinion as was the opinion, had nothing else. But the Judge was very like other people in one respect ; he would cat ! And as he wended his way slowly across Trevorrow to dinner, one day, his attention was arrested by the display of sundry the acts of people in Southworih's daguerreotype show-case the idea suddenly struck him that his own countenance wasn't a bad run for a picture, so he found his way upstairs at once into the reception room. ' What's the price of that size ?' he asked of the polite attendant. Five dollars, sir.' 'And this?' Three dollars.' ' Couldn't you put me on that for three ?' pointing to the largest plate. ' We have but the regular prices, Sit." "Yes, I know. But you see in one of the judges at the court, piece court, and these dog'riitype places are getting to be so very numerous in this Community.' 'Yes, sir, but a good picture Ah, I understand But you can take a copy, put it in the case below, and everybody knows the judges of the police court." ' Well, sir, as you're a public man, I shall take your picture.' ' Tltutik'ce, thanked,' said his honor When shall I come in!' To-morrow, at eleven, if you please, sir, responded the attendant civilly, and the judge departed Next day at half-past ten o'clock, a bandent timm airivHtl before the door. He looked up, satisfy d himself that all was right, and then shouldering a portion of his loud, quickly found his way into the reception room of the artist, where he dumped his goods upon the lh>or,'willioui ceremony, and turned to bring up the balance." 'Hello, friend,' sent the attendant, what's all this about?' This is Snth'orlh's, unit it?' 'Üoiithworlh't!, yes.' 'It's all right then Boss'II the same in a few minutes. He 's a comin' to have his picture taken.' '0 the judge?' asked the attendant. "Yes," replied the casual), and five minutes afterwards the latter de- camped, leaving sundry papers, books, inkstands, c, &c;, which he had brought up agreeably to order. At eleven o'clock, according to appointment, the learned functionary made his appearance, with the luxury of a clean Hickey on, and looking as wise as an owl.-'All ready?' inquired his honour, good- naturedly. " Yes, sir; be seated,' said the operator, who now made his appearance. ' one moment, Mr Dog'rotypc,' remarked the judge ; and an expression altogether indescribable, (with pen and ink,) pervaded the learned gentleman's phiz. ' One moment, sir, if you please. There is much in the character of a picture and much depends on whatpersition the setter takes, in dogra types as well as any other portraits The artist was convinced instanter and if he had entertained the slightest doubt before, all anxiety vanished at once, as the learned judge lionel titled the sentence. But he was not ready yet. I therefore,' continued his honour, ' it wouldn't do to take me in the ordinary way. Persition, Air Artist, perdition is everything in these matters.' I You are right, sir.' ' To be sure I am; and I want to be taken you see, with my law-books and things here, in my official position.' 'Exactly,' said the enthusiastic artist, entering into the spirit of the thing. ' Yes, there, that's it,' continued his honour, raising himself on and assuming a show of ferocity -1-,-,--H-.-)-<».-.-,U!-^^.A You must imagine a witness standing here, and in addressing him, Air Artist. Mind now and when I put the question to him, look out for the expression. ' Mr ? ' I understand sir.' The judge put on an grass was i'ttA'T'1 spitting extremities, un lacing Weinbleil a huge well- liked apple and then it was that the fearful watch dogs they burst from his lips, ' Where were you last night at twelve Take me now ! Take me now 1' shrieked the judge, as the perspiration poured down the sides of his face and Southworth did his best. 'I he cap was placed upon the cylinder, and the deed was accomplished, 'the judge had been taken in his official position.' A few minutes after the operator produced his work. Such a twisted, contorted, bald pated, inexpressible countenance, was never been conceived before, in all time! "What's this, Master?' exclaimed the judge, confounded. 'It's your picture, in.' 'Completed?' Complete, sir.' 'I know it, sir, and beg your pardon ; but it is a most striking likeness of your oj/itu'ttl positions' added the artist quietly.' 'It looks like the ghost of' a dead nigger,' continued his honour, half facetiously and half in chagrin. 'How much is it?' "Three dollars, sir.' 'How much to rub it out. Two dollars.' ' Hub it out, sir, rub it out!' exclaimed his honour, indignantly: 'bore's the motley.' Thelymitra paid the V, the picture was destroyed, one was taken in the natural way ; and ever after" Unit (higher not pc was finished, li is countenance wore a pleasant expression, even when he was most deeply engaged in the perplexing duties of his official position. American Paper. ".WAsmsGT.oNX .HonsEMAMsinr.-^Ît is related, that, when a youth, therewith belonging to his mother's estate, a young horse, so wild, furious, and powerful, that, no one could be found able or willing to venture to break him. Several strong and experienced men had been thrown and baffled in the attempt. The circumstances were mentioned to George, and be resolved to try his hand with the colt. The experiment took place in the presence of a number of witnesses. He succeeded, by the usual stratagems, in decoying the animal near enough to enable him to spring upon his back. Instantly the horse leaped into the air and dashed round the field,, tossing, Hinging, and kicking with the greatest violence and rapidity. George kept his seat firmly and steadily. The enraged and frantic creature Bow from point to point, plunging, rearing, and foaming. But it was all in vain. Washington still maintained his position, and could not be dislodged. At last the noble animal, whose spirit was as indomitable as that of his rider, gave one desperate and mighty bound, and fell dead to the earth, it is also related, that when he assumed the command of the revolutionary army, at Cambridge, he took a fancy to a horse of the most admirable properties and bearing and made application for the purchase of him. The owner was unwilling to sell. While engaged in a conference on the subject, Washington mounted the animal and rode up and down the street several times. The horse seemed to feel the dignity of his rider. He pranced to and fro, and cancelled from side to side, exhibiting, in every motion of neck and limb, the most perfect forms of grace and strength. As he pawed the ground, and trod the earth, and tossed his flowing trained the owner was so struck with admiration at his appearance, at the superior aspect he presented when mounted by so match- less a horseman and at the perfect adaptation there was between the noble stood and the noble rider, that he exclaimed, upon dismounting, "Sir, you shall have the horse on your own terms. He is the horse for you; and no other man is fit to ride home-life of Wushiiujlon. A. SINGULAR .RKUC.-Captain D'Aubor ville, of the barque Chieftain, of Boston, writes to the editor of the Louisville Varie- ties that he put into Gibraltar on the 27th of August last, to repair some damages his vessel had sustained, and while writing, himself and two of his passengers crossed the straits to Mount Abylus, on the African coast, to shoot, and pick up geological specimens. Before returning the breeze had freshened so much as to render it necessary to put more ballast in the boat and one of the crew lifted what he supposed to be a piece of rock, but from its extreme lightness and singular shape, was induced to call the attention of the captain to it, who first took it for pumice- stone, but so completely covered with barnacles and other marine animals as to deny that supposition. On further examination he found it to be a cedar keg. On opening it he found a cocoanut enveloped in a kind of gum of resinous sub stance ; this he also opened, and found a parchment covered with Gothic diameters, nearly illegible, and which neither he nor any one on board was able to decipher. He, however, found on shore an American book merchant, who was said to be the most learned man in Spain, to whom he took it, who after learning the circumstances of its discovery, offered three hundred dollars for it, which offer dips. D'Auberville declined. He then, says the letter, read word for word, and translated it into French as he read each sentence, a short but concise account, of elm ar.oo o.y of Cathay, or further India, addressed to Ferdinand and Isabella of Castile and Arragon, saying ships could not possibly survive the tempest another day that they then were between the VV Western Isles and Spain that two like narratives were written and thrown into the sea, in case the Caravel should go to the bottom that mariners would pick up the one Of' the other of them. The strange docu- ment was signed by Christopher Columbus in a bold and dashing hand. It also bore the date of 1493, and consequently has been floating over the Atlantic 338 years The letter closes with an assurance from the writer that he would guard his treasure wife until his return to the United States, which would be in April or May next. Savannah ( U. S.) Paper. A SERMON ON THE NATIVES." book at an oyster. In what light does the world in general-not your uneducated, stolid world merely, but your refined, intellectual, cultivated, classical world - regard it Simply as a delicacy as good to eat. The most devoted of oyster eaters opens the creature's shell solely to swallow the included delicious morsel,- without contemplation or consideration. He uses it as a candidate for orders does an article of faith ; he holds it whole and without a question. He relishes with undisguised gusto the good living that lies embodied in a barrel of Colchester natives. Pie gratifies his palate, and satisfies a craving stomach ¡ he takes neither more nor notice of the curious intricacies of its organisa- tion ; he neither knows nor cares about its wisely contrived network of nerves and blood vessels. He clips its heard, that wondrous membrane of strange and curious mechanism, by which the creature breathes us thoughtlessly as he would have his own. He gulps down its luscious substance, unmindful that he is devouring a body and organs, which all the sciences of man can only dissect and destroy, without a hope of being able either to re-compose or reanimate. Moreover, were Cuvier, or Owen, or any other philosopher deeply versed in the mysteries of the molluscs microcosm, to re -..ionatrjit.ii.fbr^auuaiiiüntLji2aj.|ist>the causing. ther without understanding, and endeavour to enlighten our ostieophogist by, discovering to him the beauties of his TIC tim's conformation, he would regard the interruption as ill-timed and impertinent, ft^\lwW^lw:r''V»rtir.wiu'iiiiinlrpüt>¥,rttslYél tion. The world is mainly made up of such ostreophogisls. Yet could we persuade them to hesitate to listen for five mintés we feel sure that they would live and die wiser and happier men, without the slightest diminution of the keen relish with which, in the days of their darkness, they enjoyed their cretaceous Every.- llrLsl/i,i>i&ter; and Foreign Quarterly Review. TAKING THE SHINE OUT OF THE EAST. "Come forth here," cries the crusader of Comedy, Michael f angelo Titmarsh, " I am come to break your enchantment. Your boasted lion is in seraglios are poor little fat girls, very stupid and very miserable. I hear the mosquitoes humming through that perfumed air of yours. That divine cloth of gold has bugs in it." Aims of' Ci.KitaT.MPR.-Dr Guy shows that the rural clergy live longer, on the average, than the civic clergy, to the ex tent of two years, and the married clergy live five years longer than the single. When a young clergyman, therefore goes n wooing, ho sues for life. At the end of the year 1851, the length of railway opened in the United Kingdom has increased to b 928 miles. The total expenditure on railways had swelled to 4:230,841,420, about £35,0 per mile and the gross receipts of the year were £14,087,310, not more than '2,28 per mile per annum. "- _AI.MG.VT-)IÍ SiiuórixG_\t.length the nigger, who had hitherto done nothing but laugh at the pig, suddenly stopped, and pointing to something in the water, said, "Right Alligator-shoot, reason.'' For my part I could see nothing but what I supposed to be a dead log, and would not be persuaded that the object on the surface of the pool, although within fifteen yards of me, was anything but a dead log. "Right Garan'iichty, shoot, massa,' the young nigger whispered, but I had no intention of the kind. Soon, however, I observed that the log find slightly altered its position, and it was clear, moving, although almost imperceptibly. Half doubting that I was wasting a charge of powder, I took a steady aim and fired. At the instant of the flask the monster sprang half out of the water, showed the white of his belly, and with a tremendous splash, disappeared from our sight. The nigger assured me that he was dead, and ran off to some houses close at hand, to fetch a canoe. When the canoe came, we paddled about over the place where the shot was fired ; but, though we could see to the bottom, we saw no alligator. rJhe boy was as much disappointed us I, and could only exclaim, " style ! What big alligator up two, tree day-time come up when him gull broke." It was provoking not to have bagged my game, but I had no idea of stopping two or three days in swamps till him gall broke;" so I rode back to Golden Grove, determined, if possible, to bag one of these big reptiles another day. lion. R. J. (Poke's West Indies. LOUD BROUU HAM'S WISE-In a little and amusing work, entitled " Notes on Noses," which has just been issued by Mr Bentley, we find the following learned commentary on that singular organ belonging to Lord Brougham:-" It now only remains to treat of some obstinate noses which will not come within our classifica- tion. One of these is that curious for illa- tion, a compound of Roman, Greek, cogs- tative, and celestial, with the addition of a button at the end, prefixed to the front of my Lord Brougham. We are bound, from its situation to admit that it is a nose, and we must, therefore, treat of it but it's a queer one Sure such a nose was never seen.' It is a most eccentric no>o; it comes within no possible cute gory ; it is like no other man's ; it has good points, and bad points, and no point at all. When you think it is going right on for a Roman, it suddenly becomes a Greek; when you have written itdowneogi tative, it becomes as sharp as a knife. At first view it seems, a celestial ; but celestial it is not its celestiality is not heavenward d, but right out into illimitable space, point- ing we know not where, it is a regular Proteus-when you have caught it in one shape it instantly b comes another. Turn it, and twist it, and view it how, when, or where you will, it is never to be seen twice in the same shape, and all you can say of it is, that it's a queer one. And such exactly is my Lord Brougham ; verily my Lord Brougham, and my Lord Brougham's nose have not their likeness in heaven 01 earth-and the button at the end is the cause of it all !'' Fussy MISN.-Comic-to see a fussy man get himself ready for the steamboat. When he finds his razor, his father brush is gone ; while his father brush is no sooner found stowed away in one of his Sunday boots, than he goes into a fever because his ruffled shirt has been mislaid. When the shirt turns up, he discovers that his carpet bag is already so crowded with brushes, bouljacks, and colored vests,lbat, to make room for his life-preserver, he has got to get his foot in, and pull it on like a. bottle rout, which terminates in the discovery that he has caused a brief be of liquid blacking to burst a blood- vessel -spoiling every blessed thing he has got from the wash. Although the fussy man is an early riser, he is invariably too late for the train. Should he, however, by any chance be in time, he gets so bewildered about " the boy that run away with His baggage," that it takes four policemen to keep him from getting under the locomotive. A GREAT Bonn. - The ship worm, or teredo, is a bivalve shell-fish, which, as if in revenge for the unceasing war waged by mankind against its near relative to the oyster, seems to have registered a vow to extinguish the vitality of as many human beings as lies within its power. That power, though exercised by an insignificant shell fish, is a prodigious one, for ever since mankind turned attention to nautical affairs, and went to sea in ships, the teredo has unceasingly endeavoured, unfortunately with too much success, to sink their marine conveyances. Nor have vessels alone been the object, of its stocks, for many a goodly landing pier has it riddled into shreds, not to speak of border attempts such as the endeavour to swamp Holland by destroying the piles of her embankments. The Shipworth is the only mollusk that has ever succeeded in frightening politicians and more than once it has alarmed them effectively. A century and a quarterings, indeed, all Europe believed that the United Provinces were doomed to destruction, and that the teredo was sent by the Deity to pull down the growing arrogance of the hot landers. In our own country, although we undergo no danger of being suddenly submerged, as our Dutch neighbours might be, we have suffered seriously in our dock- yards and harbours by the operations of the shipment, to which the soundest and hardest oak offers no impediment. As a defence against it. the underwater portion of the woodwork in dockyards has been studded with broad-headed iron nails. Westminster and Foreign Quarter. by Reoiew. Tun NAME or GRANT. This honorable name is now widely spread over the British possessions throughout the world ; but it is still to be found in sufficient force tirade around Strathspey, par excellence, the country of the Grants. Our Train tour correspondent mentions that, in a school in the Brees of Congress, a few miles from that village, where the total attendance of scholars is thirty-three, no air raids ! Verily, there is little fear of the Laird of Grant lacking kinsmen. BULLION AND MONEY The importa- tions of bullion that we know of in the week amounted to 600 000 dollars from New York, and 1,351,699 dollars from the different ports of the West Indies and Spanish Main. All the silver that arrived was immediately sold at a reduction of one eighth in price. Gold coin to the amount of 250,00 has been sent, we understand, to the Australian Colonies, where money is very scarce so that the discovery of gold lands, as one of its consequences, to a demand for money.~EcoitomLl, Jan. 31st. A farmer once complained that when- ever he went into a jury-box, he was associated with eleven of the most obstinate fellow in creation, for they could never agree with him ! A wag says that Barnum has recently enriched his museum with a lock of' hair from the head of steamboat navigation ; also, a blush from the face of the earth, and ten yards of the underneath line. It is said that a new Naval Order is about to be instituted, namely, the Order of Modesty. Of course, Sir I hades No pier insists upon being the very fast de- corated. / under. During the Christmas, Madame Celeste had paid her a compliment such as has never been paid before to any dramatic artists in America, she was actually obliged to act twice in one day, in We are disgusted with the conduct of those who taunt the poor with ignorance, and invariably refuse to assist in removing the deficiency. Whilst all around us is happy-the beasts of the field-the birds of the air-the scaly tribes in the waters whilst every insect that creepers upon the hearth-rug, the animalculae, a thousand fold too minute to be perceptible to the eye, proclaim the benevolence of the Creator and the immensity of that which he has created, they would make it vile and contemptible. They would have man prostrate that vast intellect with which he is endowed by which he measures the path of the planets. " and weighs the sun as in a balance, discovers the laws that bind the elements-is enabled to vie with the eagle in swiftness on the bosom of the mighty deep, and by. which alone he is superior to the beasts that perish'' before the shapeless idol that they have erected in their own infatuated imagina- tions. Such as these it is that make " Opinion an omnipotence-whose veil Mantles the earth with darkness, until right And wrong are accidents, and men grow pale Lest their own judgments should become too bright, And their free thoughts be dimes, and earth have too much light." The mercantile advices from Vienna of the 2nd instant, describe a continued improvement in the stock and money market. The premium on gold is now 26 3-8 per cent., and on silver 19, A statement just issued of the total paper circulation at the end of November was, however, considered unfavourable. The bank notes still amounted to a 'sum ' exceeding ?£22,000,009 sterling, those of the Government to £18,000,000, and the Mint as- signals to about ¿'2,1100,000, making an aggregate of more than £12,000,000. Musics of THE CZAR.-Krasinski, who had becn-condunned to twenty years' hard labour in Siberia for a political offence, has had his sentence commuted on the intercession of the lines of Warsaw but he is to remain all his life in that country I 