PASTORAL ADDRESS TO THE CLERGY AND LAITY. Delivered in t/ie Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity, by tin. Rigid Reo. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, on Tussday, Gth January, 1852. ' . Reverend and Dear Brethren— When a little more than a year ago, in conjunction with the Metropolitan and other Bishops of this Ecclesiastical Province, I gave my opinion ' that the laity, acting by their representatives duly elected, should meet in diocesan and provincial conventions, simul taneously with the diocesan and provincial synods, that the clergy and laity might severally consult and decide upon all questions affecting the temporalities of the Church,' I hardly anticipated that circumstances over which I had no control would so soon have rendered necessary recourse to such a measure in this diocese. The withdrawal of State Aid in this colony from the ministry and ordinances of the Christian Church, compelled me to address the lay members of our communion with reference both to the support of that ministry and the general extension of our Church. I thought it but due to the Church Society, whoso lay members for many years have been forward in promoting these objects, to request the iUvice and cooperation of their committee in devising some measure which might subse quently be laid before the whole Chnrch in its several con gregations. This meeting of the clergy and delegates from those congregations is the result of that consultation. So far, then, the minute above alluded to of the Metropolitan and Bishops of the province has met with the concurrence of the laity of the diocese. . The immediate object of calling this meeting together was, a3 I have already observed, the cessation of State Aid. But 1 felt also that our Church had suffered, and was likely still more to be hampered in her efforts, from the want of that feeling of fellowship in the Gospal, which should attach its members to each other, as ' members one'of an other' in that body of which Christ is -the head. We ordi naiily call ourselves Churchmen; by which, I presume, we mean that Christ ordained a visible and organize-! Church' Militant Up'ort eartb, with its ministry and sacrament, and written Word, to be a Witness for God in the world. Yet, holding this principle, we are at little pains to make the members of our Church feel that we do indeed consider onr selves brethren in the Lord. There is, no doubt, a common feeling of attachment to the Liturgy, and doctrine and general ecclesiastical system ; but this is rather/eft than manifested, unless somedanger threatens, or sonic shock is given to her cherished associations. ? ? To supply, then, this deficiency, as well as procure increased support for the ministry, I judged it advisable to bring both subjects before the iaity in my letter to the Church Society. I wished to ascertain the depth and force of the attachment to our Church, and to brinir it if nossiblc into more active exercise. I am aware that the method which I adopted of addressing the Church Society in the first instance has been blamed, and thj report which emanate J .from its Committee viewed with some degree of jealousy. ' I am at a loss, however, to conceive how it could have been thought by any one to be more than suggestive ; nor do I see the reasonableness of the idea, that tho published opinions of a few, whether they be Bishops or laymen, 'should be considered ' dictating ' to the majority. ? At all events, the supremacy of the Crown, acknowledged by the Churoh of England, points out to us that no rules can be binding on her msrabers, either here or elsewhere, without the license and consent of the Crown, as well as the concurrence and agreement of the clergy and people. So.far, then, and no farther, have I availed myself of the suggestions of the report as to follow the mstliol it pointed out of convoking this '?'??pro tempore convention' to meet the Synod of fhe clergy. The other parts of it, I admit, are valuable, as directing the minds of churchmen to those points of ecclesiastical polity, which, though in some egree familiar to theologiaus, have not generally attracted ,the attention of the laity, until recent events have given them practical importance. Considering, then, the report as merely suggz&tim;, and indicating wants which may hereafter be supplied, I pro csed to state the subject which I would propose for your deliberation. 1st. Tlie question of finance. Whether it is possible to raise a diocesan fund in this colony, out of which the clergy of the less opulent congregations may receive aid, and new missions be opened. r 2nd. The tenure of ecclesiastical property; the right of nomination to vacant churches; and a declaration of the trusts connected with them. 3rd. Tlie internal organization of our Church, whereby union between our several congregations may, be secured, and a general interest excited in her cause With respect to the first ; surely when for the first time in her history- our Church has been denied aid from the Civil Government, it is not unreasonable to appeal to her members. We have lived to see the day the title and office of ' Nursing father and Nursing mother ' to the Church has been re pudiated by the powers that be in this colony ; and we are told to depend upon the faith and love nf the brethren who worship with us. Zealots may tell you that it is sinful to accept State Aid, forgetting that God himself established the Mosaic Ritual by legal provision for its support, and restored it after the captivity by the royal aid of tlie heathen princes. They forget that our Lord himself was by cir cumcision, as the son of Mary, a member of that Church ; that He ' was taught in its syuagogue and in the temple,' whose service, though supported by taxation, from which as the Son of God He was exempt, claimed from him a miracle that it might be maintained. : While, however, we reject the notion that it is sinful to accept the aid of the State in propagating the Gospel, we are not blind to the evils with which indiscriminate State support was accompanied. We may console ourselves at least, under its loss, with the thought that the State no longer by its equal support of all forms and all doctrines calling themselves Christians, casts doubt upon the very existence of our ' faith once delivered to the Saints ; and our Church founded by the AposMes ! and if the zeal of private Christians, members of our com munion, will supply adequate funds, I. presume we should all hail it as a proof of :the Divine and inherent energy of the Church to fulfil her ministry independently of secular power. I earnestly pray that such' zeal for the Gospel may be realized in oar reformed branch of the Church Catholic in this colony. It is for you brothers of the laity to say if by any, and if so by what measures, this can be accomplished. Persons, I presume, might be elected ii« each congregation, as sidesmen to the wardens of the Church, for the collection of subscriptions to such diocesan fund; or collections might be made in the congregations, or from. ' house to house,' on certain Festivals of the Church, or times set apart for this purpose, such as the Sunday next after Christmas-Day and Whit Sunday. A statement of the means also dis pensed by the attorneys for the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and the rules by which we propose to guide the distribution in future, will be laid before you, so that we may be able to work together in promoting the same object. - ,The next subject which invites your attention is the tenure of ecclesiastical- property, and a specification of the trusts on which it is held; the exercise of patronage, and the rights of the minister when licensed to a parochial district ; the power of removal by due course of judicial enquiry and the right of appeal; and lastly, the right of teaching in the sehools built by the members of our Church that ' form of sound words, which, composed by the friend of Luther, was translated probably by Cranmer himself, and completed by Bishop Overall, with the sanction of Convocation. With regard to religious education of our youth, 1 may observe that our Church bids us. in her Baptismal Service, teach her children f ? the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, an.l the Ten Commandments ;' the Catechism itself having been framed with a view to the instruction af candidates tor confirmation. These points are all of vital importance to the peace and welfare of our congregations, and the usefulness ef the clergy. As respects patronage, while the wishes of the laity are and ought to be consulted in the first appointment of one who is ' te watch for their souU,' it would be perilous to his mental independence and spiritual faithfulness if he were uaDie, as a mere Hireling, to be dismissed at the caprice of a bare majority of eeatrenters. There is a scriptural jurisdiction vested in the Bishop, who is enjoined ' not to receive an accusation,' much more censure, suspend, or degrade an elder, but ' before two or three witnesses,' after solemn enquiry ; that is, and clear evidence of false teaching or immoral conduct Different modes may be suggested of vesting the pa tronage of vacant churches, so as to prevent the intrusion of an incompetent or unwelcome pastor. But, as in this* diocesi no inducement to nepotism exists, and no simo niacai contracts can be made, 1 cannot deem it wise so to vest the whole patronage of the churches that no power should be lefc to the Bishop of rewarding merit or re lieving infirmity. I do not myself see the objection made by some to giving the duly nominated and licensed minister of any church the right to collect his own dues. They are his by compact with the neatrenter, who engages his sittings voluntarily, and can resign them at his pleasure. The causes, theiefore, of ill-wiil connected with the collection of tithes do noc here exist, and the argument does not apply to the collection of seat-rente. i The last subject which I would bring under your notice, because it forms so prominent s feature in the report of the Committee of the South 'Australian Church Society, is the future organization of the Church, I approach the-subjectwith diffidence,' inasmuch as while spine such measure is nse.led, I feel that this bsing almost the youugest and -smallest' of- tbjt colonial dioceses, may well bs content to follow rather than take the lead in this matter. Indeed, nothing but our peculiar financial posi tion, deprived of State Aid, and needing tho combined e -icrgies of all her lay members, could justify the attempt to awaken their dormant sympathies through the organization proposed in the report. - 1 will ineroly state some general . principles which should regulate such organization. * ? It is evident . from late discussions in Parliament that a nfeprescntativo Convocation of the Church must contain a lay clement as one of its constituent parts. At present, while the Bishops and' clergy form the National Synod of .the English Church the laity are represented by the Crown and Parliament. The want of union and association of these elements has led, on the one hand, to the suspension of the deliberative functions of Convocation in its present form, and on the other, much legislation has. been proposed, often offensive, and sometimes injurious to the Church of England. Parliament now is open to the enemies of her discipline and doctrine ; and yet such member* have a right to vote on any Bill, however deeply affecting her organization and property. The true remedy for this wrong — for wrong it is —is that her laity should ba directly represented in her own Convocation, and joiu in-framing her own laws. This wonld be like tho rest of her reformation, a return to the' usages of the Apostolic Church. Even in the theocratic, institutions of Moses, the Civil Magistrates invested the priesthood with the robes of sacred office; and the supreme jurisdiction of tlie Crown of Israel was vindicate;! when Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being priest when guilty of rebellion. The supremacy of the Crown Jof England in all causes, and over all persons', ecclesiastical as well as civil, is but the assertion of the same sovereign jurisdiction residing in the civil power; the Crown with us acting on bshalf of the laity. We. do not give away any right to our Sovereigns to minister thtf word, or sacraments, any more than it was permitted to (Jzziah to offer incense before tiio Lord. Nor, again, do we acknowledge in the Crown the authority to determine 'controversies of the faith.' What we deny to tlie Bishop of Rome we do not transfer to a lay Sovereign. If the de liberative assemblies of the Church arc needed, a pattern is furnished by the Church of Jerusalem, in the Acts of the Apostles. When the observance of the Mosaic Ritual was obtruded on the Disciples by the sect of Pharisees, we read ? (c. xv.) ' that the Apostles and Elders came together to consider this master.' and finaily, after much discussion, the- decision proposed by St. James, brother of bur Lord, then presiding Bishop over that Church, was adopted by the Apostles and Elders with tho whole Church (v. 22.) If tiio Convocation tiu:i at ho.113 1)3 remodelled, tho respective rights and dunis ot clergy and laity, Crown and people, will, no doubt, ba duly consi ler-id. . All the learning, the ability, the experience, the piety of our Church will bo brought to bear upon this question. We may safely await then its coming solution, when our dioaesan arraugement* ivill naturally follow -tha modsl of tha Church, at home. At all events we can establish nothing here, nor make rules binding on our clergy or laity, with)ut the license of the Crown first ha! for that purpose, and its sanctiou solemnly given to such arrangements. We may thus per haps hi preserved from tha evil of pirty or ill considered propositions. I have already allule;l to ^tho subject of ecclesiastical discipline, and the scriptur.il jurisdictioi inherent in the episcopal office, to admonish, cjusurj, suspend, degrade, or cut off from communion of the Church ; yet the exercise' of this power should be duly regnlatsd. Tha principles' ' cnunciatcl by St. Paul in . his Epistle to Timothy, and by our Lord himself in the 18th of St. Matthew's Gospel, point out tho way.* While the Bishop exercises the functions ^of jutlge^presbytors aro recognised in our Church as the wit nesses' before whom the accusation should be preferred ; and whenever withdrawal of licence to officiate involves the deprivation of a benefice with its temporal advantages, it is but right that the whole Church, whose bast interests are affected by the scandal, as well as the particular congre gation deprived of its pastor, should be cognizant of, and concurrent in the, sentence. Tn truth the crrisat difficulty in ahnmh organization' is- t-J adjust properly the respectire offices of tho clergy and ? laity, whether deliberative, judicial, or executive. The problem has yet to be solved. The hierarchy of the middle ages acted as ' Lords over God's heritage.' The Protestant Sovereigns at thcjReforination violently reclaimed their owrn and people's rights. It may remain, then, for our more . peaceful age, when education also is generally diffused, to reconcile principles which cannot really b3- conflicting in the Church of God, so that the. Bishops and ciders with the whole Church may act~ together for tho advancement of Christ's kingdom and the glory of God. Indeed a prosperous future opsns on the Church, if, ... guided by the spirit of love, the principles of the inspired ; Word, and the history of the apostolic age, we stand upon the old paths, and do not seek tout ' new inventions.' . In the Ciiurch of England in this colony what is there at* variance with tin primitive model ? No zealot can scoff at her as the hired servant of a latitudinariah State! None that the Caesar intrudes ' into the things of God.' We 'have the transmitted authority of an episcopate unbroken at the Reformation. Our presbyters are duly called according to the ancient order of the Church. Our Deacons, like those of Jerusalem, exercise a spiritual office, as well as care for the sick and poor. In respect of nominating their 'Own ministers, the laity exercise perfect freedom, in their temporal relations our churches arc wholly independent. Laymen duly authorized, and acting in unison with the clergy — ministers in various ways, as teachers, ' helps/go vcnimeuts.' They are cateshists, readers, district visitors, Sunday-school teachers. . ? 'i Old* objections, then, to the spots and blemishes of the - Establishment in England are hero removed. ,. The defect baing gone, tha protest becomes needless separation without grounds. What, then, does hinder our progress, if we, brethren, make full proof of our ministry?. 'Let this, then, be our endeavour, as'-it is assuredly our duty. With this view, I have taken upon myself the re sponsibility of convoking this meeting of tha clergy, aiid the laity by their delegates from each congregation. I com mend this to your notice, and I ask your advice on the several topics which 1 have suggested for your considera tion. With due respect for the supremacy of the Crown, we must at present regard ourselves as only a ' pro tem pore Assembly.' We claim no legislative functions; we may agree, if it seem good, to carry out the suggestions of . the report of' the Church Society's Committee. We may recommend to the several vestries the establishment of a Diocesan Pastoral Aid Funl, with collectors for each con gregation. We may consider and propose for discussion a Trust-Deed, which, when agreed upon, may be adopted by the whole Church as its model deed. . And as to the argani ? zation suggested hi the report, we may, in like manner, refer it to the several vestries for further consideration, and watch meanwhile the progress of ecclesiastical events 'at home. So much of it I would, however, recommend should be adopted, namely, the annual meeting of the clergy and delegates of the congregations, for the purpo.se of receiving the. report of the funds distributed, for the cultivation of sympathy among the members of our churches, and for making known the. progress and measure of success with which it has pleased God to bless the labours of our ' ministry. . ? . \ It is surely a time of refreshing when the Church repre- . sentatives meet together, as 011 this day, for prayer and holy communion. I recognise, indeed, most of you; brethren, as members of a Church Society with which I have been acting for four yearn. To-day 1 hail you as the representa tives, not merely of your own feelings and wishes, but as representing .the sentiments and spirit of the whole of this Diocesan Church. It is this which bids me ' th ink God, and take courage.' We know that our sister churches in America, once placed in less favourable circumstances than ourselves, are at this day great and flourishing branches of the Charch of Christ. , Let us hope and let us pray that this our ' day of small . things' may open more and more to meridian brightness, that wisdom and strength may be given us to. emerge from our present difficulties, and that, like the Church of Jeru salem, we may continue in the apostles' doctrine of fellow ship, and in breaking of bread and prayers.' ?-.'?.'.: 'So shall we be all of one heart and of one mind.' .We shall distribute from the common fund of the Church ' as - every man hath liead.' So, walking in tho fear of God, and comfort of the Holy Ghost, we shall enjoy the blessing of peace, and our churches will be raultiplie 1. Our salt will . not have lost its savour, nor our candlestick be removed out of its place. ' . i ?' 