TIMOTHY LYNCH AND HIS WIFE MOLLY IN THE POLICE OFFICE. MARLBOROUGH Street.—An elderly Irish couple, whose faces were quite fa- miliar to the bench, presented themselves before M' Bingham to have their matri- monial differences settled according to law for the sixth time. On the present occasion, Timothy Lynch, the husband, was the complainant. Here I am again, wid one four pair of bones, yer banner, (with a nod of recog- nition to the magistrate), the same honest hardworking man that two year ago yer banner looked at an said, "Timothy Lynch, you've a bad bargain ov a wife." Mr Bingham—Well, what have you to say against her now?—Timothy Lynch : That she dhrinks wurst than iver. She's got her lips all day long at the jug or bottle, except when she's scoulding or blaggarding me. It's only yesterday she swore a big oath she'd cut out me back- bone and pawn me last pair of breeches if I didn't fork out some more dhrink money. Mrs Lynch—That to me, Timothy ? An you coining an axing me only just now in court to be friends again, and come home and be comfortable, for I was the best wife in all England ? (Laughter.) Mr Bingham—Tell me why you threat- ened him as he says ?—Mrs Lynch— Here's all about the row, yer wertship. Last Sunday I got him a beautiful hot dinner, pig cheek and baked taturs, all out of my own honest uirnings. "Come away, Tim," ses I, "and ate your dinner." "Divil a bit of dinner I'd ate wid ye for fifty- two Sundays," says he. " If you say that," ses I, "you ought to want a dinner every day of yer life." "Hear to me, yer wertship,'' said Timo- thy, jumping hastily into the witness box, and pulling out a greasy bundle of papers, "hear me rade the histury ov me thrub- bles and her karakter," readin from the M.S., of which the following is a verbatim copy— "Usal epitats to me, Timothy Lynch — 'You infarnle Ipocrat'—'You cussed ould retch'—'You grey whiskerd lire'—'You crule willin.' And then when the drink a dying out, 'But Tim, dear, I know I have been too bad to you ; so let me have some money.' Conversation wid Mrs L——," Mr Bingham :—From what novel are you reading those extracts ? Timothy Lynch :—Novel ! Why, it's the discoorse of Molly Lynch and myself in black and white. " Wednesday's conversation — Well, really, drunk again. This is the fifth time this wake, though you know if you only kept sober three days how happy and comfortable we might live. To blazes wid the likes on ye! said Molly. I says, Molly, Father Hearne tells me to give you every chance to be a good woman, and to bring you to chapel. Father Hearne may go hang himself ! says Molly, an' as for you, Tim, I'll make your bones rattle for that. Molly, sis I, what the Church don't do the State will do for me. Our grashious Lady Her Majesty the Queen, and her honerable magistrates (looking hard at the Bench), who er worthy of her cofidanse, will not let me suffer from your vile conduck. The magistrates be——, Hush, Molly, says I, dont spake a word agin them good gen- tlemen, who'll se me righted when I get you afore'em." Mr Bingham—Well, I think that's enough. Timothy Lynch—I'll just rade her doings the next day. "Put away me bed, and locked me wife out—went for me supper beer, and when I came back found the door smashed, and the plates and crockery smashed, and me breeches gone." Mr Bingham—Well, Mrs Lynch, what have you to say to all this? Mrs Lynch— "Say! why, that there's not above a quarter of it true " Mr Bingham—Well, and for that quarter I think the best course to take is to call upon you to find one surety to keep the peace towards your husband.— London Paper. THE POLITICAL CROTCHET-BOOK.— A young gentleman who (in a state of infatu- ation) has recently been meddling with those queer little works, called " Crochet- Books," has suddenly conceived the idea of producing a book of a similar character, to illustrate the working of Political Crot- chets. In the present state of European affairs, the art is a very useful one. The following is a specimen of his performance, the pattern is clearly French :—"Pattern No — For Edging — towards absolute power. Make a chain of sausages of the length required, allowing a quarter of a pound of pork to each sausage; turn back (from your oath) and work the — Frst Row of bayonets. Pass the row up and down the street. Work the bayonet through the front entrance of houses and out at the back windows — which will make your pat- tern firm. Loop up your generals and cut off all communication between the different ends of your country. N.B. This pattern is tolerably simple, and chiefly requires that the bayonet shall be of the regular size. After the first row of bayonets has been brought into form, a Second Row (pronounced to rhyme with "vow") will require to be arranged for. Various other rows will have to follow ; the general di- rections, however, for dealing with all of them are as follows :— 4th, 5th, and 6th Row. Continue passing the bayonet as before ; work 1 plain (act of force) ; 2, or more, doubles (of falsehood) ; 2 hooks (of representatives by bribery) ; repeat to the end. So the work must go forward 'to the end,' when your absolute Crotchet will be pretty complete done to your satis- faction. The colour of the stuff will be blood colour." Will it wash ? — Punch. During a learned lecture by a German adventurer, one Baron Vondullbrains, he illustrated the glory of mechanics as a science thus :—" De ting dat is made is more superior dun de maker. I shall show you how in some tings. Suppose I make de round wheel of de coach? Ver well ; dat wheel roll round 500 mile, and I cannot roll one myself! Suppose I am a cooper, what you call, and I make de big tub to hold de wine'? He hold tuns and gallons ; and I cannot hold more dan five bottle! So you see dat what is made is more superior dan de maker." Promptitude.—In 1831, on board Her Majesty's ship Magicienne, at sea, many hundred miles from land, about 4.30, a.m., (dark of course) the ship corporal on going the "rounds," smelt, or rather fancied he smelt, fire in the fore cockpit. On descending the cockpit ladder he ob- servad the foresail-room to be on fire ; he made no alarm on the lower deck, but, according to the order of the "fire-bill," quietly made his report to the command- ing officer, who instantly, without dress- ing, himself, communicated it to the Cap- tain, who jumped up through the skylight hatchway in his bed-frown and coolly gave orders to beat to "quarters," at the same time sending a hand aloft to see if he saw a ship to leeward. On his answering in the negative, the Captain say, '' You be ——, sir, I can see her." Then, looking round to the man at the helm, "Do you see that ship, sir?" The poor fellow, afraid to say no, answers, " Yes, sir,' (there was no ship, however, in sight). "Then put the helm up, and keep towards her." He then ordered the fire-bell to be flung, at the same time calling aloud, "Fire in the sail-room ; sail trimmers, shorten and trim sails ; sen- tries under arms, over the boats." Every man and officer darted to their respective stations with lightning speed.' Sail-trim- mers having hauled up the courses, and brailed the fore and aft sails up, remained steady at the quarters; pumps, engine, buckets, &c.; were worked with more than mortal energy. The water from every di- rection rushed down on the devouring element to an extent that must either have extinguished it or swamped the ship. The party whose duly necessitated them were to be where the fire was, notwithstanding their perilous position, immediately over the magazine, the light room where the fire originated already burned, and the flames within three inches of the powder, cleared the burning sail room with all that energy and self possession peculiar to British seamen in such emerg- encies when commanded by a rigid and determined disciplinarian. More than ten minutes did not elapse from the time the drum beat to quarters till all was over, and the gallant craft under all canvas, again pursuing her course. So quietly was everything managed, that those "sail- trimmers" at the after quarter never knew that the ship was actually on fire, but merely thought it a sham for exercise. Not a man or sail-trimmer was allowed to look round, or speak or whisper to his neighbour. The piercing eye of the cap- tain was upon them, who, in his bedgown walked the deck with his arms folded ; his step as firm and features as composed as if he had been parading the quarter deck of the guardship in Portsmouth harbour. No one save the captain, first lieutenant, and corporal knew the ship to be on fire until every man was at his station. How long the fire had been burn- ing we never ascertained.-Herald. Brother Jonathan on our National Defences.—(From the Buffalo Slockdolo- ger)—That beef-eating old coon, John Bull, is like to be in a fix. He had better look out for squalls. He has had fair warning. Shakespeare says there's a divi- nity that shapes our ends. That's how Nature made the tail of the rattlesnake. He let's you know he's a-coming your way, the rattlesnake does. He gives you notice to clear off. If he bites you after that, it's your own fault. Just so with John Bull. If he's cotched napping, he'll have nobody to blame but his own self. Nature is uniform. She hoists danger signals wherever there's danger. You may read 'em if you've a mind to attend to 'em, which you had best have. Here's the Trench flag a-flying at this moment with the Bonaparte Eagle upon it, larger than life. That's a danger signal to John Bull. It means the Empire over again. It's a sign that Lewis Napoleon intends to play old Scratch da capo. Well, what will John Bull do if he is wise ? In the first place, he will be civil ; anyhow, you can fix it, he will lose money by quarrelling. What next ?—always supposing he's wise. Well, everybody best knows his own con- cerns. If he's a goney, what he'll do is plain as a speck of white on a nigger He'll continue to arm his troops with muskets that shoot any way but point blank. He will persevere in mount- ing his dragoons upon old cab horses. He will persist in building ships that won't sail, and steamers that won't act; in vic- tualling them with meat in a state of de- composition ; in underpaying his sailors, and doing all in his power to drive all the best hands out of his navy. And he'll take particular care to leave his coasts undefended in every spot likely to give an opening to Lewis Napoleon, in case possum should ever feel inclined to try a coup de Franca on the British nation. He will believe such an outrage impossible. He will let his self be talked over by his easy friends, who persuade him not to think of such a thing. Oh yes ! he'll trust that a loafer who only upset the constitution of his own country, will stick at violating the law of nations. He'll rely on Lewis Napoleon's honour, and his own good luck; he'll shut his eyes and stop his ears against every warning ; he'll act like one of his own partridges, that puts its head in a hole, and there stands, think- ing itself in safety, because it sees no peril, till presently down comes a poacher and quietly puts a pinch of salt on its tail.—Punch. Bonnie Prince Charlie.—In one of the newly published volumes ol' the renville Correspondence, a curious story of the latter days of the Pretender, full of sad significance, is told. The circumstance is related in confidential communication to the elder Mr Pitt from one of his agents at the French Court, and has not until now found its way into print. The Pretender, says the writer, is now drunk every day, and with anybody he can get to drink with him. The other day, a Cordelier monk was the sharer in his debauch. The monk, however, feeling that he had taken quite enough, wanted to beat a retreat, but Charles would not hear of it. At length, after some altercation and struggling, the man managed to get out of the room; on which Charles seized a loaded musket, and swore he would shoot him as he passed the window, and he did actually wake the attempt, the Cordelier only saying his life by getting on the off side of a cow, which the bullet hit and killed on the spot. This was in 1761, and presents a curious and melancholy picture of "Bonnie Prince Charlie." His drink- ing habits had indeed began in the High- lands during his melancholy wanderings ; and the above story is a natural sequel to the struggle for more punch at Kinsburgh, in which the worthy and hospitable High lauder's china bowl was broken. A River Monster.—The Louisville (Ky) Courier describes a monster, called the Eclipse, and intended for a packet be- -tween that city and New Orleans. The shafts weigh 25,875 pounds, and all he other machinery is in the same mammoth proportions. The chimneys, or smoke- pipes, are 85 feet in length, and a man on horseback could easily ride into one of them and turn round and come out again without dismounting. The Eclipse has six engines and fifteen boilers, in addition to a powerful locomotive, which will be placed on the railroads in the hold for the transportation of freight. The hold is divided by two fore- and-aft bulk-heads, of great strength, and the whole structure of the hull is as strong us wood and iron combined can make it. A Cunning Sailor — Wine was once made in Golconda upon the hills. During the reign of the great Akbar, whose tomb near Agra has lately been repaired, though wine was forbidden, yet it was evidently used in this the noblest city of his empire. It is related that Akbar, standing in need of good gunners, got them from on board English vessels trading to his dominions. One of these who, from the dry character of the man, was evidently a tar, being ordered to fire at a carpet suspended as a mark that the emperor might see his dexterily, purposely shot wide of it. He was reproved, and told that he was an impostor; upon which the follow answered, with great pre- tended humility, that his sight was bad from having been debarred the use of wine; but if Akbar ordered him a cup, be would hit a smaller mark. A cup, a full quart was brought him, which he drunk off, and then firing, hit the mark, to the applause of all present. Akbar ordered it to be recorded, " That wine was as ne- cessary to Europeans as water to fish; and to deprive them of it was to rob them of the greatest comfort of their lives." He then gave permission to foreigners to cut- tivate vineyards in his dominions.—Redding on Wines. The Editor of the American Mechanic has encountered trials unknown to ordi- nary men. Hearken unto his wailings: "owing to the facts that out papermaker disappointed us, the mails failed, and de- prived us of our exchanges, a Dutch ped- lar stole our scissors, the rats ran off with our paste, and the devils went to the cir- cus, while the Editor was at home tending babies, our paper is unavoidably delayed beyond the proper period of publication." Effects of an Idea.—Accounts from Washington state, that the distinguished astronomer mid mathematician, Mr S. C. Walker, has become insane. A corre- spondent of the Baltimore Republican, under date of the 15th, says :—Night before lost, while sitting late at his la- bours, Mr Walker made a discovery, by which logarithms are rendered useless in mathematical calculations. The most in- tense excitement followed, and he could neither sleep nor converse. He continued in this condition until yesterday, at noon, when his glorious mind gave way. It is hoped flint the misfortune may be tempo- rary, but the worst is feared." The, Mormon Census—The census of the Utah territory is officially published in the Washington Republic and Intelli- gencer. From it we learn that the number of dwelling in the territory, when the census was taken, was 2,322; families the same; white male inhabitants, 6,022; white females, 5,308; total number of whites, 11,330 ; free coloured males, 12; and the same number of females : making the total free population 11,354. There are 20 slaves, all of whom reside in Utah county. The number of deaths during the year was 239; and the number of farms in the territory was 926 ; number of manufacturing establishments, 16. The total population of the territory, free and slave, amounts to 11,330. There are seven counties, respectively named Davis, Great Salt Lake, Iron, San Fete, Tooele, Utah, and Weber. The most populous of these are Great Salt Lake, with 6,157 inhabit- ants; Utah, with 2,026; Webe, with 1,186; and Davis, with 1,134. Little Husbands and Big Wives.— That veteran wag and patriarch of the American Press, W. M. Noah, takes off the common propensity to intermarriage of big and little people, thus : —" ( an any of the acute philosophers who discover in every man's physical conformation the cause of his actions, explain to us the rea- son of this—Why will a little man, as a general rule, select the biggest woman he can find us a matrimonial partner ? Is it that contrarieties are reconciled and ex- tremities meet in love? Or is it that the man of pigmy proportions is more ambi- tious in his wedding desires, more daring in his aspirations than his taller fellows? Does he take wider views of wedlock than others, or can nothing but a stupendous wife satisfy his expansive soul ? Does he add a cubit to his stature by marrying a woman he can look up to?" Ghosts.— "Do you believe in ghosts Mrs Partington ?'' was asked of the old lady somewhat timidly. " To be sure I do," replied she, "as much as I believe that bright fulminary there will rise in the yeast to-morrow morning, if we live and nothing happens. Two apprehensions have sar- tinly appeared in our family. Why, I saw my dear Paul a fortnight before he died, with my own eyes, jest as plain as I see you now, and though it turned out arter- wards to be a rose-bush with a nightcap on it, I shall always think, to the day of my desolation, that it was a forerunner sent to me. 'Tother one came in the night, when we were asleep, and carried away three candles and a pint of spirits, that we kept in the house for an embarkation, be- lieve in ghosts, indeed ! I guess I do, and he must be a dreadful styptic as doesn't." How to tell Good Cider.—There is an old Dutchman living in the north of Vermont, very famous for having a large orchard and making good cider. The old follow is fond of the beverage himself, but was never known to offer any to his neighbours. One evening a friend called upon him, and hoping to "flatter" the old man out of a glass, begun to praise his cider. "Yaas, yaas," said the phlegmatic Dutchman, "I hash coot cider—Hans, pring me a mug." The boy fetched the cider and handed it to his father, who drank it all at a single pull; then turning to his astonished visitor, exclaimed, "Tere, ten, if you don't link dat ish coot cider, chust smell of ae mug." An American Editor.—He is a dan- gerous man to be trifled with. The grand hickory-stick he twirls in his hand would be enough, with his dare-devil look, to frighten most persons ; but when we state that in the depth of the pocket of the re- markable check coat that he wears he con- ceals one of the most beautiful "persua- der" ever manufactured by Colt, we are satisfied he will be a terror to all evil- doers. We should also state that generally he is occupied doing out-door business, but that on every Saturday until one o'clock, p.m., he is always at the office, per- fectly ready and willing to give any and every satisfaction for the articles he pub- lishes.—Boston Rouge Gazette. Busic udder unfavorable Curcb stadces—" At-chee ! - at cha !" We have caught the "Idfluence" That last was the aixteedth tibe we've sdeezed id five uiilutos. VYu'valmed tryidg to si g iho followi i» so'g, but bude bad work edougn ol' it : ' , " Hy llnry Atlilo 13 like Hie «u»l Wheel lit the itinv.l it fililíes Its cobleil hblles ol' ll«lit u;h»»1 Ki'rlh'- grcoel n'll lovely tln'gs. lil valtl I mu ! 1 oilty will KroU her a .«rurii.nl i rowel ¡ Bul, sooil ns I hy pr.icyrs lu Bl ¡. bhe erica, ' U, elo l-bujjcdo I' Hy Mary Addc Is Uko thy borlo 'wired «rsl ri'Mlvcr.hecil Awakes Uni illt»lit dwle's ?<>". "' ">. 'I hat else hail slluilt becd. Hut Hurv Aiblc, liku darkest dight. eui mu", alua I looks dowd, Her sbiles o.l others hoad their light llerfrow-dsurinillbyoivd. . I've but mie btirthcd lu by sor'«, llorliowdsareallbyowdl -KnickerboeJci r Maga .int. Too 15xTKWivrj.-A friend of our« naya, he should hove remained single, but lie Semiln'tiriToidil. WImt it cost »... io »»ni» «nd ¡oe cream" is more li an ho «m nnvs to keep a wife mid bring up St'Xdien. Xhelors should think of ih.ii,--Amoi ¡can paper Making Game or tub llnvriinv - Some years ago,-a Bill was reported in, the New Yoik House ol Assem- bly, entitled "An Act for the Pre- servation of,the Ilcnfh Hen and other Game." The Speaker of the House, who was probably not much of a spoilsman, gravely rjad it-" An Act for thu Preser- vation of the Heathen and other Game" a b'ttnder of which he was unoo'nsuous, until au honest member from the north, who Ind suffered considerably from the depredations of''the ' frontier Indi ins, moved an amendment by adding the words '.except indians." fgCuniosiTiKs or LiTBitATimu. -The fol- lowing scraps (of which the originals have been foi warded to us) were recently ro ceivt'd by a medical practitioner in the oounlry :- No 1. " Sir-I have sent you ti wotd how Mrs -is for she was ver}' ill for twelve hour after ; alton youmoadsen then she take some sottny then it cause very great nain ".No2. Sir, Pies to lend to Mr-'s servant a I'aiish Curl. Iain Heither shi a Giving a norder for Gutl I Heather got Bloud up before overseer." Tub Magpies Amusements.-There is a story told of a tame magpie, which was seen busily employed in a garden gather- ing pebbles, and, with much solemnity and a studied nit-, dropping them into a hole, about eighteen inches deep, made to receive a post.* .After dropping each stone, it cried, "f'uraik!" triumphantly, and set. off for another. On examining the spot, a poor,toad was f.-uud in the hole, which the magpie w.ts stoning for his ainuspinent.-rossions of Awmalsl " Air Smith, you said you onuo offici- ated in a pulpit-do you mean by Unit, tint you preached ?" "No, sir; I held the light for the mun that did" "Ah, the court understood you diffidently. They supposed that the tliseouiss caine from you." " No, sir ; I only throweda light on it." "No levity, Mr Smith. Crier, wipe your nose, and cull on the next witness '' Alhamí Dutchnvui. An Irish cletgyman having gone to visit the portraits ot the Scottish kings in Holyrood House, obscived one of the monarehs of a very youthful appearance, whilst am ion was depicted willi a long heard, and tvoie the traits of extreme old age. " Saticttt Maria," exclaimed the good Hibetnian, " it is possible tli.it this gentle wan was an oil man when his father wau bom." The Milwauhie (U.S.) A'lvsrliier says, that a gentleman ol'that City has invented a spirit stove, which, only a foot-square, will warm any ordinary sized room. It. weighs lebs than tett pound-»; isconvenient for carriages, cars ; and even, small onqs may be earned in one's p .cket of a cold tiny, and, producing neither soot, smoke nor ashes, may lie made as ornamental & piece for personal wear as a watch or breastpin. It only consumes a pint cf alcohol per dny. A letter from Vienna says, "The pro- duction ol' gold in the Austrian slates during the year 1851, hits amounted to 7,500 mailes, or 7,145,5.)0f Moro (han one-half of that amount was furnished by washing the auriferous ¡.autis of Tran.syl . vatiia, the rest, being taken fruin llie mines ol' Hungary, Austria, and Moravia At Wrissktroh one piece of viigin gold was found worth l,480f. T-bought a gallon of ofnrd, al IJratly'if, to take home, and, by the way of a label, wrote his name upon a card, which happened to be the seven of club?, and tied it to tim handle. Alderman C-, Coming along and observing (he jug, ro maikid, '.'J'ha-'s an awful cnteless w iy to leave that liquor.'' " Why so? " said Tom .'.Why? beatme someb itly might come along with the eight spot and take it !" American Paper. i'MittuATioN.-Tho total number of per- sons who cinigtated front the United Kingdom dining the five years from JS40 to 1850 'inclusive, was 1,210,557. The number despatched by the Colonial Land ami Hmigratiou Commissioners in the peiiod, wits 53,43-1, and the estimated number who emigrutäd at their own cost m the sume time was, 1,16:1,123. A Botany Bay anecdote tells of a con- vict who got so well on in the other world (Australia), that he rose to the bench ; and making some harsh reflections on n pin ty brought before him, whom he fitted live shillings the delinquent retorted "There's the mono)'. 1 lemember the lime in England when I should have liked much less to meet you with five shillings in my pocket.'' CoMroaT tor Travki.lkrs- An Ame- rican has invented a new comfort for rail- way travellers in cold weather. A stove is put under the feel, and in order lo draw the heat through the whole system, a mus- tard plaster is placed upon the head of the passenger*, who are thus kept warm enough. 0 A Poor Customer.- A countryman happening to meet a physician ti ¡ed io conceal him.-elf behind ti wall. The doctor nsked -him the reason (or this strange behaviour. " Why," he said, "it is so long since 1 have been ill, that J was. ttshamed to meei you " Tim Imi'oiu-anci: or a Woitn.-The Chinese have a saying that an unlucky word dropped from the tongue can-tot be brought back again by a couch mid six horses. » "Mother," said a little hoy, "send mc fur the doctor." " Why, my sour" "'Cause that man in the parlour is going to die-he s.tid he would if sister .Jane wouhl not marry him, and Jane said she wouldn't." "A journalist," said the great. Napoleon, " is a grumbler, a eensuicr, a giver of ad- vice, a regent of sovcieigns, a. tutor of na- tions. Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets." "My dear Polly, 1 am snrpiised at your taste in wearing another woman's hair on your head," said Mr Smith to his wile " My dear Joe, I am equally astonished that you persist in wearing another sheep's wool on your liack." Carrying poli'eness to excess, is snid to be raising your hut to a young lady in the street, anti allowing a couple of dirty collars to fall out upon the pavement. A Cuancr rou Youngsters.-An attor- ney in the country advertises for a yoting Ind that can write a legible hand, und read illegible writing. He who has method friends will seldom be without them, for attachment is not so rute ns the desert which attracts und secires it. £jAneditor down south, describingu family of his acquaintance, says thoy were so mean thsy had to die by subscription. I .It is to live twice when wo enn enjoy the recollection of our former life. 