BLAOimOOD FOLLOWISGrDEHBY. I (From' the Tinta, July 31.) Protection must be dead indeed when Blackwood's Magasine has not a word to say for it. In this trusty mausoleum of dead fallacies we had supposed that a doc- trine banished from the senate, the hus- tings, and the newspaper might, still have found advocates and admirers. The bord I might fly from tho strichen deer, but there i was still one bosom on which it could rest. ! Not so, however, has it turned out. In tho wondrous epic in which our northern i contemporary describes the glorious tri ; uinph of Lord Derby over tho powers bf I hell and night arrayed against him, thero ] is not a word of thc tutelary goddess . whose champion he has been, of tho fair Siren whose colours, ho has worn. Wo thought wc were to have boen enchanted with tho gorgeous picturo in which Protec- tion should arin her Dorby for thc fight, and, with tearful confidence, send forth her devoted champion to conquer or die in her cause '. ; and wo supposed,' after the success which our contemporary was sure to claim for his hero, ho would return to lay its trophies , at her feet. Wo imagined to ourselves the lofty scorn with which tho base, suggestion by a hostilo press, that Lord Derby contemplated the abandon- ment of Protection, would bo encountered, arid tho sublimated and ardent zeal with whiclij the, cause, of monopoly would bo j clung itoj because it was untenable, and i hoped in because it was hopeless. Wo reinemlicrcd how tho ghosts of religious persécution, of electoral corruption, and of every other ovil which the liberality, of lato years has effaced, gibbered and shrieked in tho pages of our'contemporary long after theso things had ceased to bo realities, aud wo augured that Protection would find a likó resting-place to break tho abruptness of its descent from overthrow to oblivion. . Not so, however. It appears that tho Earl of Derby, not without much - trepida jj tion to oiu; monthly contemporary, deli- berately ga vé battle to tho powers of evil on tho 1st of this month. Utterly uncon- nected with tho cause of Protection, neither owing his party leadership nor Laying composed his Ministry with the slightest'reference to a tax upon corn, this groat tuan ? was calm and quick-sighted enough to seo that the real battle was j against Democracy and Popery, nnd ho ; was . also sagacious enough to find ont J 'f that cunning and desperate attempts jj would bo made to ehift the scene of the I!contest to a disadvantageous and deceptive locality ; in fact, to persuado the millions that their bread was in danger, before the false colours .could dissolve away, and-tho wiso and benevolent statesman could ap- pear in his true figure and colours." How wonderful it is that so good and simplo a j man. as Lord Derby-ono conscious in i the inmost recosscs of his honest heart of I never having wished to tax tho bread of ; tho people, never having held out any lure -, of the kind to tho discontented agricul [S turists-should yet blond so much of the ij serpent with tho dove ns to foresee that I5 there- would arise mon wicked and cruel I enough to tax him with a leaning to so fl foolish a policy, and so heartless an injus I tico !, Well may Blackwood feel indig i nant . that Htich a thing wns attempted, ? and great grounds has ho to exult that it \ lins, ns ho assures us, entirely failed i But, \ nias for Protection ! no longer a watch <; word; a principle, and a policy, it has sunk I into a mockery, a delusion, and a anare ; I and to tax a statesman with Protectivo \ leanings,,instead of the highest of compli p monts, fias become tho grossest of slnn i dcrs. Tho Constitution and No-Popery u is the watchword, not Protection, and to- il say othorvviso is à fraudulent devico of tho !j enemy, j Having thus arranged his battle-ground to his heart's content, Lord Derby, Uko t Homer's heroes, indulges his antagonists ? with a colloquy before fighting, and thus ' docs the modorn Achilles commcuco thc ?'dialogue, in terms which to our irreverent mind suggest tho notion of a waiter carry-} lnga hot dish which ho is anxious to set down :-'"By your leave, gentlemen, for a moment ; by your leave, what is tho meaning of nil' this feverish fidget ; what j aro yon afraid of ?" Thus adjured, his , antagonists answer that thoy aro afraid of ! a return to the bread-tax. Lord Derby ; 'nssuros thoth'that they havo no occasion , to bo alarmed, for that though ho would J ltko to *' foster nnd stimuhito tho energies of producers, and provide a quick-paying, ' safó market for them, by taxing corn, yet this acute and honest nation is against Ihim on the . point, and therefore ho is i content to take power in order to main I . tain our nntionnl independence, the COD I lioxipii: between Church and State, tho Protestant character of our institutions, ? and to prevent tho Queen's crown from quivering on her sacred . brow. Ho sccs ji before him thc crimson darkness of anarchy, jj nnd through it, tho said crimson darknoss, Jj the fabric of a republie crumbling under a jj military despotism." Well may tho I's . amazed interlocutors answer this by tho j question,-Well, but, my Lord, how is ' this?" and greatly relieved must they r havo . felt at tho dignified dismissal, !; " good morning, my friends, away to tho (j constituencies." Aftor this exciting din- gi logue, and the additional mettle imparted I by tho haranguo of a cortain *' lean, 5; flippant follow, with his arms akimbo/' I tho passions of tho reader aro doubtless f fully aroused, and ho is prepared to seo j, the adverso parties go to work poll mell ii- the ono in tho cause of Popery and Domo ioracy,tho other in that of Protestantism and Royalty. But hero our author introduces ? n digression, and, much ns wo aro inclined S to defer to his judgment, wo cannot hut I think tho commencement of a battlo royal c was a bad placo for tho introduction of a I parody on tho parable of tho Sower. How I over, our readers shnll judge for thom I solves. '' Now carno tho tug of war-now if was to bo seen tho fruit of thoso seeds jj which all parties had been sowing during I tho interval to propitiate tho people." To ?¡I diversify tho duties of a general action by I tho inspection of seeds sown to propitiate \ tho peoplo is a new employment of tho : heroic mind; But lot that pass. " A ?.. largo portion of tho seed consisted of dis trust of Lord Derby, which was expected to grow up flexible . and ciiainelcon-bned." Under this beautiful Vnllegory wo fancy we distinguish a withering allusion to Sir James Graham. Loni John Bussell " sows a little seed suitable to all purposes, and expected not to alarm any one prematurely but is sadly jostled by surly impudent fel- lows, who throw down crimson-coloured seed, sure to bear a baleful and glaring crop" (of poppies, we suppose). _ "But last of all thero camon burly sower in scar- let, with seed destined to produce a forest with all manner of obscene birds in its branches,"-produced wo supposo, from tho samo seed as tho tree on which they sit. Here our writer informs us ho is going to drop metaphor, and surely he docs wisely, for tho trumpets have long been sounding a charge, and these preli- minary antics aro scarcely tolerable even at a less interesting moment. But unfor-' nately, tho interest of tho narrative clrops_ with tho metaphor, and the account of the election is so unspeakably dull that wo havo not tho heart to inflict it on our readers. Suffice it tb say that tho result has boen acomplcte triumph to Lord Derby. Almost everybody is with him, and nobody ' is against him ; wo ourselves have been utterly taken inj because wo must have meant, though wo did not say so, that Lord Derby would bo in a minority. Mr. Disraeli has said-and who doubts any- thing that Mr. Disraoli says?--that Go- vernment will havo a majority. This being so, lhere is nothing left but to rejóico that wc have got au "able, united, Protestant, Conservativo Government ;" and, if any one doubts the fact, wo cnn call Lord Malmesbury to vouch for its ability, Mr. Christopher for its union, Lord John Manners for its Protestantism, and tho ex-Radical Premier and Chancel- lor of tlie Exchequer for its Conservatism. Its mission 'fis to act where its predeces- sors could only talk, to consolidate and strengthen where they could only disturb and unsettle, and to terminate tho wretched strife of classes by a just, cautious, firm, and comprehensive policy." . It would have been no parody to insert instead of theso words tho declaration of tho honourable member for Verbosity, which wc publish in another column. e' His principles wero these-concurrently with tho general revision of something, speaking generally, and a possible read- justment of something .else, not to be mentioned moro particularly.". Can jest come so near earnest, and ' tho playful irony of n political satirist so closely re- semble tho high-wrought enthusiasm of a thick àud thin partisan ? , Wo rather in- cline.to think the honourable member for Verbosity tho moro explicit of the two ; for e' revision" and ''readjustment" have a moaning, while policy, qualified by such epithets as "firm," ''cautious," and "com- prehensivo," has none. Lord Derby has much to answer for. He has in his own person greatly lowered tho standard of .public morality, and, by constantly using tho language of deception and ovasion, has inoculated his supporters with tho same miserable arts, so that wo find a Magazine in which wo were always able hitherto to admire til o chivalrous advocacy of a losing cause, and tho preference of justico to ex- pediency, stooping to the poorest artifices and thc most transparent substitution of sound for moaning, in order to mask a gross desertion of principle, and to invest a party held together by tho very lowest considerations with tho semblance of a policy and the counterfeit of a cause. THE MAORI.-It appears to mo thnt thero is n good deal of Orientalism in tlie diameter of tho Maori, vory strikingly different to that of tho Australian aboriginal. Tho latter is quick, light, almost quadrumiinous in his activity. I cannot fancy tho massive form of tho Maori darting up tho stein of a slippery gum treo to cut out tho opossum from his bolo ! I rather picture him to myself in tho sun ut the mouth of his warree smoking his pipe, with his half shut eyes just abovo a told of his mat. . Although bravo aiid warlike, there is, too, something of tho Luz/.aroni about his nature. Dis language, moreover, re- sembles in character thc "soft bastard Latin," ns Byron «rails it, of tho modern Kornau. 1 was standing with fiomo officers on tlie lawn near a window opening to tlie ground, when a tall Maori, in a blanket and Brutus crop, " thrust in," and mudo ono of us without apology or remark. One of them asked thc intruder, in military Maori, whether ho admired tho while ladies, lind which of them most. He instantly pointed out tho ob- jects ol' his pre fe re ii oe, thorchy showing that his own standard of taste did iiot greatly differ from that of many of tho Pukcha gentlemen present ; and ho clenched tho compliment by averring that' ho would give a "liicknponny" for lier, which, measuring his regard by tho price, was moro liberal than might nt first sight appear; for it was his all ! His blanket, his Brutus, mid six- pence in hard nash (tied up in a corner ol' tho former) was " all tho storo" of this noble savage.. And indeed I have rarely met a finer looking creature than this individual. Full six feet high, erect, and well- proportioned, ho had n handsome oval ince, a clear skin, scarcely darkor than that of tho southern European, neither tattooed nor boarded-for ho seemed quito young; and his block hair, curled book from his'high brow, fell round his cars and poll in tho most picturesque stylo. His only ornament was a flower of scarlet geranium stuck behind ono ear.- 0/tr Anti- podes: or, Residence and llamhles in the Aus- tralian Colonies, by Lieutenant-Colonel Mun- day. 