I (From Otc Times' Correspondent.} i l'sris, Wo(Juç«clr»y, August 18, 5 IMA. Tho Improvements which modern tasto and modoru convenience have oflectcd In Paris uro rapidly effacing tho memory of spots long hal- lowed hy tradition or shunned ns tho theatre of public crime or deeds of private vengeance. That pf last night's revelry was onco traversed by tho belated passenger with trembling step mid hushed breath, for ho was amidst tho terrors of tho val- ley ol' tho shadow of dun th, mid tho boldest ruf- fian that ever swaggered along tho narrow ami gloomy streets of old I'aris covered Ids fuco in his cloak and muttered a hasty prayer as ho ap- proached it. That spot was at ono time n vast chnruel-housc-tho Inst resting-pluco ol' tho out- cast» of tho world, lt was tho lavourito scono of tho ghost stories of tho Mth, 15fh, and 10th cen- turies. Tho ground now occupied by tho Marchó des lnnocciiK was fur centuries tho cemetery nt lachcd to tho church of tho .saino name. Tho snered edifico itself owed its I'uundutioii, ns wo aro informed by tho Chronicler Vigcos, to n crimo attributed, but in nil probability falsely, to a dow. Wo uro not told ol' tho punishment in- flicted ou tho assassin, but it is recorded that the vietim was doubly avenged. Tho blood worked miracles, und tho piety or tho superstition ol' the public raised tho edifice to perpetuate thu me- mory of thc crime, which mis assimilated to that ol' Herod. This occurred towards tho close of thc 12th century. On two important occasions thc church wns placed under interdict. One evening in tho hit- ter days ol' Churlos YU. a mau and wninnu chanced to pei fenn their evening devotions be- fore thc sumo almr. Owing to soiuo unexplained act ol' viulenco on the part ol' the mau, thc womnu stabbed him. Tho spot on which blood is shod becomes accursed, ami until the mora I stain be removed by penance, as tho material ono is by purification, no religious rile can be performed there. Tho Prelate who then filled tho Episcopal Chair of i'aris was Jacques du Chastolier, known for tho rigour of his discipline. J«'or 22 days all religious rito was suspended ; no prayer was heard within its precincts; tho boll ceased to toil thu morning ollice or thu vesper hymn. Thu templo wns dark aud silent ns tho vaults beneath it ; tho gates were closed to thc living und thc dead-tho former were forced to pray elsewhere, and the dead found au asylum in unconsecrated ground. A coursa of sovcro penance lind a copious offering nt length restored tho parish to tho favour of tho llisbop. Three years after, Donni's Dumoulin, tho successor of thu teni bl o Du Chastolier, nguiu shut up thu church mid tho cemetery, whero some now and iinmelcss profana- tion had bcou perpetrated ; pouanco still moro rigorous, und a largess still more miiuillccnl, ouco muru opcucd both to Ibo fnilhful. I Tho spot whero tho orchestra of last night was i placed was the silo ol' an asylum for fair poni- i touts, whoso frailties-fur the 15th century was fruitful in pnsrdon and in crimo-woro washed away ia tears; whero Umso whosu remorse cunio | emly, or who could sin no more, passed tho rc ni- mmt, of their nxisteiicc. A conimuiiio.itiou ex- isted between tho cells and tho Church by means of closely burred uporturup, through which their cnnisi) and scant meal was passed. Tho spot is still pointed out where tho beauteous Ki'iuö dc Vendimiáis, wil'o ol' thu Seigneur do Souldni, ex- piated her double crimo-love fur thc gallant archer ol' King Charil's thu Eighth's budy guuril, and thu in II ni LT uf her lard. At tho close ol' tho 12th century tho gallery or passago known as tho Charnier-Ibo very tfcenu uf lust night's fustivily-was constructed. Lofty I und sombre, covered with funeral UIUIIUIIIUIUH, jinved ns it were with tumba, it even then pre- sented a curious contras*, with surrounding ob- I jecls. Shin ty side with epitaphs, wrought in 'marble, death's bends, and crusses formed ol' Immun bones, might bo seen head-dresses of tho bliest fiishiuu, toys, musical instruments, and weapons of warfare. Tho present Uno du la Ferroiiorio (then called Clmrroiicrle) niu_i>iiridlcl to tho cluu'uel-lioiise, mid on it was demoted in ? gaudy colours tho lianne Macabre (thu invention ol' ii troubadour named Macabras), in- tended us a sátiro on Ibo nmuw uionlH mid follies of tho living. In front Ol' this sinnig» mrhiii/u of the sacred and profflnc stood tho pulpit, ol' tho street , preacher Frire itichutd, (he indomitable scourges: of tho view of thó"'dny, and whoso invectiven! ¡ bitter os they wero, nevór foiled to attract a full uudience. lt was in tho Hue Ferronurie, also, j Unit lt ava 11 hie stabbed Henry IV., and at a short 1 disltiuuo, lu tho lluo do hiToimclcrie, Mulièro was born. Tho frequency of crime, tho Kiipernntural terrors with which superstition invested the spot, anil tho pestilential vapours from tho vault*, rendered the whole place au intolerable nuisance. Tho latter in particular had long niade fearful rn vases amongst tho population of that quarter ol' Taris. Hut lt was not until 1786 that tho remains which had been accumulating for six centuries were removed to the catacombs, and tho old_ church itself demolished. Tho fountain which stood at ono end-the jut tit work of licscot, Abbot of Clugny, and Goujon, the lutter ono ol' Ibo victims of St. Ilarlholoincu-was also carefully removed ; the cemetery, lung; no famous and so terrible, became tho present market MurchC dos lnnoccns-and thc sumo fountain now adorns its centre. The sheds which still exist, and which huvo replaced tho imuion.so jmrujdtiies that in other times protected tho dames de la hulle from tim inclemency of tho weather, wero constructed by order of thc Emperor Napoleon. STATISTICS OF Foot) IN 1'AKIS.-Tho following statistics of the supply ol' cerium articles ol'food lo tho capital are given hythe Dvbal*-"Ac- cording to nu Imperial decree of 180", poultry, game, butter, egg--, lish,nnd oysters, sold wholcsa'lu in tho markets of Paris, were to pay au ad valorem duty, tho rate ol' which has .«¡nco that period un- dergone repented modifications. This modo uf collection wns, however, very incomplete, as it allowed supplies sent direct tit private individuals to escape thc duly, and the city thereby sulb- roil cuisiilerr.ble losses, in order tn remedy this, a decree of the Provisional Government, of tho 24th of April, 1S48, levied nu ucl roi duty oil those articles sent to private individuals, calculated according to weight, and fixed in such n manlier ns tu nome to tho »imo ns tho nd ralorcn duty charged on the articles coming to tho markets. This dooroo also raised from (i to lt) percent, ibo duty paid on certain tish of superior quality. 'J'lie city ol' Paris being compelled, in conse- quence ol'tho events of 184S, lo create Iresh re- sources, il was obliged to demand them from Ibo octroi, mid tho sales by wholesale. After a meet- ing of Ibo municipal commission, a decree, sanctioned by thc Minister of the Interior, fixed Mic duties on sa lus by wholesale from the 1st of January, 1S50, ut 10 percent, an shads, brimin, smelts, whito mid red mullet, dabs, and soles, IO per cent, on oysters, mid 5 per cunt, on butter. By tho same decree tho octroi duty on thc satins li'li was raised from ],r>o. to GOc. tho kilogramme, and on butter from Tic. to IOC tho kilogramme. Tho octroi on truffles, pies, potted incuts, gunio studed with truffles, ortolons, pheasants, yumig fat pullets mid hcccniicos, was also raised fiom Sic. to If. 35o. tho kilogramme An octroi duty ol' SJe. per kilogramme was also levied on eggs, which buforo had only been subjected to tho ml valorem duty. All these now duties, or modifi- cations . ol' old ones, wore unthoriBcd to continue up to tho 1st of January, 1853. In 1851 Ihey produced 509,000f. to tho funds of tho city. Tho butter merchants alone exclaimed ngniust the change, but their claims were not cousidoiol temible, us they were based on privato intcrosls alono. In préconçu of. the avery day increasing charges which weigh cm tho budget of tho oily, tho municipal council has cotisiderod it its duty to demand from tho Govern- ment thc maintenance of tho new duties fur un indefinite period ; tho reason givon for this de- termination of tho commission bein"- Hint although tho population hus varied but little since the establishment of thu now duties, tho quan- tities sold huvo increased, und tho average price, diminished. These two reasons, and tho ub.senco of roy remonstrances on tho part of tho persons interested, aro a proof that tho increase in tho duties hus nut boen injurious to business in tho artiolos on which they oro levied, l'ïoni tho official returns tho following is tho quantity of butter and eggs brought to the Hallo ol' Puris during the last live years : Butter. Years. Quantity. Averngo Price. 1847 .... 5,330,345 kilos. 2f. 27e.. 1848 . 5,359,98!) ..'. 1 »7 1849 . 5,568,109 .. .'. .. 1 Ol 1850 _ 5,088,425 . .... 1 8'1 1851 . 0,440,079 . 1 87 The first six mouths of 1852 give a quantity ol' 3,151,703 kilos., which will give for Uro whulo year un approximative quantity of moro than 0,000,000 kilos. ; Eggs. Years. Quantity. A verngo Pricu. 1847 . 120,940,721 ...57f. 00. per 10UO ISIS . 10G,747,222 ..48 40 184« .... 113,587,732 ..46 70 185U . 124,597,150 ...43 98 1851 _ 120,732,299 ..42 li» During thu first six mouths uf 1852, S7,ß0.'l,.'](l() eggs wero sold, which would make moro limn 100,000,000 for tho year, with an avcrago of .i'll". 35B. por 1,000. These fuels provo that tho addi- tional charge on butter and uggs has nut had any bad clfecL on thoso two haunches ol' com- merce, lt is the same with fish and oysters. Tho fellowing is tho movement of the Hallo in saltwater fish : - Years. Number of lois. Amount of en!c3. 184 S. 929,602.5,158,0061'. 1840 .1,010,392.5,4 58,1-12 lSñO.1,117,802.G,2:i8,53l! ] 851.1,101,909.(¡,552, BtiO Tn these umouut«, tho fish ol'superior ijuulity, on which tho additional duty was laid, have shown a rcmiirUublo increase, fu 1849 tho number of lots ol' tbeso fish was 114,385, and tho amount of tho sales 1,041,4961'., while in 1^51 tho amount of the sales had risen to 2,57!>,Gt>5f. for 312,181 luis. Tho sale of oysters sineo the ndditional charge luis increased in tho suntu proportion. lit 1846 tho number of oysters brought lo Parts was 55,370,400, amounting in valuó to 1,879,06,'lf. (¡70. In 1850 tho number reached 811,901,505, and their price fell lo l.723,GU0f. These results, which must bo attributed to tho abundance ol' tho fisheries and tho rapidity ol' transport hy thu railways, cannot fail to bo considered us strong arguments for tho continuation ol' tho now duties, Ibo levying of which lins nul diminished tho con- sumption, or prevented tho average price from being reduced." l'liAurui.Nti ron Tim VOYAGE TO AUSTIIAI.IA. -Tho other duy, somo gentlemen, cruising on a part of tho Irish coast, observing that about tho sumo hour every day a bout, containing two men and a woman, lauded its passengers un tho shore, mid after u shot t timo, return with them, ilitpiircil tho result of this duily excursion. "My man," sahl he, " what milken you como boro every duy ? Is it that you like il,?'' " Uh, your honours, not at all," was the reply; "but fnix, your honour.--, tho wifo and mo's going out soon to'Auatraly, nutt so we'ro just practising tho si/.y-sickness, that wo may bu used to it when wo start." Tnt: EAU.t. or HAIIEWOUU ANH Fuun TiiAim. A largo mooting of tho tciinnls of tho Earl of Harewood, and other persons engaged in agricultural pursuits, took place nj Hare- wood Park, near Leeds, on Friday su'niiight. lu returning thanks fur his health bavin;; been drunk, tho nablu Kuri ttaid it WUH very gratifying to him to havo mich u recep- tion fruin so large nu assemblage, lin was vory glad lu incut them neilin tijou Ibis utiimsinn, when bc nut only bud the opportunity ol' having a porsutinl interview with most of thuin, but whin ho could congratulate them upon their nourishing condition, and could nut fail to observe Hint, ihoy had, through tho gundnc.ss ol' Providence, orup* as line us murl.nl mun could wish fur. AVitlinut alluding lo whut wus now dead mid gone, hu thought bo might say that upon this anniversary he lound the furniere in almost us livusperous ti statu as they could wish to bc in. lie would nul. ulliulo to thal horrid word " Protection" further than tu say that, like pigs, they had gone on in a contrary diruetiou lu what "was untieiimteil when thu'euru laws wore repealed. Kncontly, mid sunn after ho hud arrived fruin luini, ho was riding past tho farm nf mm ol' his (ennuis, tu whom lie hud mudo tho ronnel:, " You've youd uiupH," mid tho answer was .' Yes.1' As ho returned thu finner said tu him, " I don't caro for uuveu Oublions ; free trude «an do mu ho huiin." Ilia Lordship concluded by snyliig Hint he hoped na long tis bu lived ho tdtuuld meet lliejn in ti friendly spirit, ¡iud with ns bright pivr.p'ect,!* as wero held out lo them ut, preset)l,- /J'IVHIT'"// liam Jvvrnál, August, H. 