THE ANTI-TRANSPORTATION LEAGUE MEETING AT SYDNEY. A meeting of the members of the Australasian League and colonists, convened for the purpose of taking into consideration Earl Grey's de termination to continue transportation to Van Diemen's Lund, es avowed fay him to the Vic toria delegate, Mr. King, end to adopt an ad dress to the people of that colony, expressive of tbe continued interest and sympathy of tbia colony, took place on Tuesday evening, at the Circus, in York-street. The President of the League, Mr. Charles Con per, JI.L.C, occupied the choir. The chairman read the advertisement calling the weeting, and stated that most opportunely ' for its object, a highly important document bad that day been received overland from Port Phil lip. It was on authentic report by Mr. King, the Victoria delegate, corrected by Earl Grey himself, of what took place between the Secre tary for the Colonies and Mr. King, on the subject of transpoitation. tt was a must in teresting document, and would aid tbem mate rially in discussing the question before them. He would therefore call upon the- secretary, Mr. Wright, to read the report, before proceed ing with tbe business of the evening. The secretary then read the document re ferred to. The chairman said— All must agree with him .that it was most fortunate that this document had come to band at so critical and appropriate .a period. It was brought by a fast vessel to Van Diemen's Land, forwarded by the mails, and bad come in most fortunately. At first he ?had some difficulty in making up his mind as to what they had to complain of in the inter view of Earl Grey with Mr. King, the delegate of the league from Victoria. The despatch from London wbb short, in order to be in time for the post, and consequently did not give enough information. Now, however, they were acquainted with what had passed on tli*t occa sion, and there could not be two opinions amongst them respecting this important docu ment. The council of the leaeue would assem ble in e few days in Hobart Town, and the hearty expression of tbe sympathy of that meeting would lend an additional lustre to their cause, and cheer and encourage their suffering brethren in Van Diemen's Land, by showing that the people of New South Wales were willing to join them in fighting the battle of antitrans poTtation (cheers). He said fight tbe battle, for he was almost inclined to think that they must give over petitioning and remonstrating, end adopt a different tone upon tbis subject (great applause). He did not like the word fight, but if the necessity was thrust upon them, the fault would not rest with them. They hud .much to encourage them in the successor their past efforts. The order converting this colony ngain into * penal settlement bad been lepealed. They had the legislatures of nil the colonies with them in their struggle against this system. If Ear] Grey really desired to be acquainted with the deliberate opinions of the colonias, he would not long be kept in ignorance of then, if they had not already reached him. But if, in spite of ail, he would still persist in a policy which they believed and knew was most preju dicial to the colonies, and subversive of their best interests, there was a loyalty superior to what was due to the crown— the loyalty they .owed to their wires and their children (great applause). In a few days he would be in Van Diemen's Land, and he would have the high gratification of conveying to the members of the legislative council there, that assembly's hearty approbation of their noble conduct. Mr. Lamb, M.L.C., read the resolution which I bad been entrusted to him to move, which was : as follows :— ( ' That, so long na Ten Siemen's Luna continues oppressed by I transportation, oil the other colonies of Auitrulasia sre bound |liy sympathy end generosity, as we)! as impelled by sell. r interest, to Did in her deliverance irom tliia clinging curse ; i'1 and tbis meeting solemnly pledges itself to unite with, and assist the Tasmaaian colonists in their efforts to obtain its [entire abolition.' i, ' ' After the speech of their chairman, it needed |: no observations of his to enlist tbe sympathies i of that meeting with the people of Van Die . men's Land. Their interests were so closely 'knit with those of the Tnsmauians, that it was a duty they owed to themselves not to desert them in the time of need. The meeting had no doubt gathered from the newspapers that tbe legislature of Van Diemen's Land had passed a scries of resolutions, repudiating transporta tion in every shape and form They had cast from them every temptation in the shape of pheaji roads, bridges, and wharves, and said un .nistskeably tbat they would have none of the lecursed thing. He thought that meeting wbb -ery properly convened to express the public Approbation of the noble conduct of the Tas jnanians. hot a single member bad been elected to the first representative council in Van Die men's Land, who had pledged himself to oppose transportation, but had redeemed his pledge. Be hoped, notwithstanding the iukewurmnesn jf tome of our representatives, that they would Ssdeem the pledges they had given to their pnstituents. Lord Grey with extraordinary per iersity, considers the discovery of gold as the wrongest possible reason for continuing to send 1 risoncrs to the British colonies. The perversity J ' this man's disposition wns such, that what I rikes ten thousand people in one way, stiikeB I g lordship in another directly opposite. If 3 ley determined one thing, his lordship would I etermine something different, This was n most I unhappy state of things. If by his misgovern went of these colonies he continued to exacer bate the feelings and alienate the affections of the colonists, sooner or later a separation from the mother country would take place (cries of ' tbe sooner the better'). . For liis own part, be wished to avert Buch a contingency. He would rather see tliem still in union with Great Britain, and cherishing still all those feelings of loyalty to the government and good fellowship to the people of their mother country. The Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe seconded the resolution. It was with feelings of great cordiality that he undertook to perform this duty, and to join with them in expressing tbeir condolence with their suffering brethren of Van Diemen's Land, and firm determination to sup port them in the struggle in which they were engaged (cheers). The people of Van Die men's Land might be considered as a part of themselves, and it was a well known fact that when one member of the body politic suffered, the whole must suffer. If the people of that colony suffered from transportation, it followed, as a natural consequence, that the whole Aus tralian group must suffer in proportion (cheers). It was, therefore, their imperative duty to take an active part in the struggle which was now going on (cheers). He trusted tbat the people of England and the executive would review this question with more calmness and deliberation than seemed to have been given to it yet in the colonial office, either by Earl Grey or eny of his compeers, for they must know that tbe men at the head of this league— the men who spent tbeir time and money in the promotion of this great object did so, in order to prevent a con vulsion which, when once begun, no man can tell where it may end. He came forward as a peacemakerbut should any serious consequences arise, he confessed the responsibility ought to rest with him who has thought proper to pro voke them. It was evident that such a con vulsion must take place if this system of trans portation be continued, and it was only proper that they should begin to consider the conse quences, and, if possible, guard against then. If the present course was persisted in, he, for one, had no hesitation in saying that be would become a demagogue himself, to resist tbe ty ranny of their rulers. Let the mother country remember that whilst we desire to go handin hand with her, we at the same time feel de- tertnioed to protect our own interests, and those of tbe neighbouring colonies, at all hazards (ciieeis). lie felt there was a point at which loyalty itself became n crime (cheers). He bad no doubt that if the Queen was aware of the feeling which existed in the colonies ngainit Earl Grey, she would place the question of co Ionia! administration on n basis which would be satisfactory to all. In fact, she would say to Carl Grey, 'you have lived to ruin our colo nies—now you can go about your business' (loud cheers). He would tell the government that whilst ' no hands were more loyal than ours,' W£ knew how to be loyal to ourselves (loud cheers). He trusted, however, that their efforts would be crowned with success, long before they should have occasion to speak to tbe Sight Honorable Secretary in terms to strong as to involve « rupture with the parent country. But in the event of tbeir petitions and remonstrances in favor of the people of Van Djcnien's Land being rejected by the offi cials of Downing-strect, it should not be for gotten that tbe people of these colonies have both the spirit and the ability to enforce tbeir just rights. Mr. C. Kemp said that a delegate from these colonies, wishing to impress on her Majesty's ministers the fearful conseauences likely to arise from the system of transporta tion to these colonies being persisted in, could not use a more powerful argument than to draw their attention to the three speeches which they had just heard (bear, hear). Every one knew that a more peaceable man than their chairman did not exist in tbe colony; the gallant officer who moved the first resolu tion hnd in his early life fought for his King and country, and would doubtless do bo again if called upon, while the seconder was by pro fession and education a preacher of the peace ; and yet these three gentlemen all saw the same result shadowed forth (hear, bear). It was necessary that the league should redouble its exertions (hear). Mr. G. K. Holden moved tbe next resolu tion : — 'Tlint ibis meeting records tbe warm expression of its atai miration atid respect for the patriotic representative members of tbe Van Uictucn's Land legislature, in the noble stand which thty luire taken on this important and vital question.' He said, I have the more pleasure in submit ting to you this motion, because I recognise in the proceedings of the Tasmanian Legislature, as well as in those of this colony, evidence of the rapid advance of this league in its constitu tional and hitherto peaceful struggle. And I will even venture to sav (despite of the wicked provocation giTen by ]5arl Grey, to a breach of peace), an earnest of our speedy and bloodiest triumph (cheers), Tbe justice of our cause has been pourtrayed by means of the league in sunbeams, and by a sudden intervention of Providence, it has been emblazoned in letters of gold (chcere). We have carried its light to every colonial hustings, and into every hall of colonial legislation, We are now conveying it through the British press, to the British people and parliament ; and although the last -!ace it may reach rosy be the dark purlieus of Downing-strect, the mole-eyed Belsbazzar who rules there, may yet see the ghost of tbis league writing before him on the wall ' Mene mene Tekel upharsin.'— Thy kingdom is de parted 1 (loud cheers). Our present source of congratulation is, that we have obtained full possession of our colonial legislatures. The natural current of circumstances had previously carried into them many individuals, who, instead of truly representing the feelings of their fellow colonists on this great question, had interests directly adverse. Some with views altogether official and imperial, regarding the welfare of tbe colonists and their children as « mere drop in the wide ocean of British policy, Others, hankering after the loaves and fishes of the convict system, nnd expectant of the lion's shaie of commissariat carrion (cheers). To continue this state of things was the business of Earl Grey j to terminate it, ours : and for this end some such organisation of public opinion as is comprised in our league had become necessary to renderthe elective portion, at least, of tbe legislature, a just mirror of tbe popular mind on this vital question, and to take care tbat no merits, no talents, no services, on any other should be purchased by one wrong vote on this. This great end has our league ac complished. Until our appeal to the British nation and parliament has absolutely failed, I for one will refuse to transfer the indignation which the loathsome tyranny of Earl Grey has excited in my bosom, to the yet venerated name of England. Mr, James Norton had great pleasure in seconding the resolution which had just been moved. It was a great satisfaction to him to know that whatever battles they might have to fight— whatever discussions might be elicited before this great question was settled— they had one important power on their, side upon which they could rely, However fruitless might have been the discussions and agitations upon this subject hitherto, it was encouraging to know that they bad called into operation a force which could not fail in tbe end to accom plish what every colonist — every Englishman could desire. It was impossible, after what they had heard that night of the sentiments of Earl Grey and tbe imperial government, not to feel that bis lordship trembled before the voice of the legislature. It was impossible not to see that his lordship, despite Iris perversity and the many defeats to which he had subjected them, was willing after all to leave tbe question to be determined by the legislatures. This was a great point in their favour. In supporting this resolution he was particularly anxious to impress upon their minds the importance of wbst they liad Already achieved in sending men into the legislative council of their own senti ments — fflsrj oh whom they may tely for a fair and able advocacy of their wishes. It was by this means only that they could hope eventually to achieve success. But they had as yet oioch to do in the way of agitation and remonstrance to accomplish this end. He would venture to say, without the slightest fear of contradiction, that if their representatives, would only take their stand upon the estimates, and determine for once to net with cordiality and unanimity, they could compel the government of this country to express their wishes as faithfully and as promptly at they could themselves (loud cheers). If every legislature of the Aus tralian colonies were to adopt this course, that is, to determine to withhold the estimates until the government consented to redress their grievances, he was convinced tbat no govern ment in the world could long hold out against them. Let but the representative* of tlie people be faithful to their trust— let tbem only be determined and unanimous, and they can com pel the government to grant them all that they desire (cheers). They had a noble example of this in the Van Diemen's Land legislature — they had seen how powerful was tbe force tbat might be brought to bear upon any public question, when the representatives of the people cbose to be unanimous. Mr. Piddington said, the subject had been pretty well exhausted by other speakers. It needed no conjuror to perceive that tbe assembly present viewed with the utmost disgust the tricks of Lori Grey, the autocrat of the colonial office. This disgust was natural. How bad Iiib lordship treated their petitions and remon strances ? It whs a most grateful task to say anything in favour of the members of the Tas manian legislature. They had passed resolu tions to the effect that they would in future vote only one-tbirteentb of the estimated police and gaol expenditure (cheers) It was a most melancholy consideration that the British government never endowed any establishment* ia the colonies but gaols. Before these criminals are sent to these colonies as emigrants they go through all the grades of crime : and such miscreants as those engaged in tbe Frimley murders ore landed upon our shores. It was much to be desired that other legislatures nearer home would take pattern from the legis latures of Van Diemcn'g Land (cheers). They have maintained their determined opposi tion to transportation with fidelity and con stancy. Even although this important question was unsettled in that island, he awaited with calmness the result. They bad shown their appreciation of the true method of effecting their purpow, and there were constitutional means sufficient to carry conviction into Down ing-street itself. He wouid conclude by expressing his high admiration of the conduct of that inflexible band of patriots, who had acted so nobly in Tasmania (applause). Mr. Robert Campbell, moved the following resolution : — 'Tint tbe determination avowed by Earl Grey to the Tie loria delegate. Mr. King, on the 25th November last, to per sist in transportation to van Diemen's Land, and U- separate M oreton Bay from New South Wales, for penal purposes, ja breach of his repeated promises, demands the indignant repio bation of tuiAmeatiu?, and they bind Uiemselrea oy ell they hold dear and aacred, to resist to tbe uttermost an oppression to desolating, hereby solemnly protesting tbat the mmaSt* bility for all consequences will remain with their onprenor. Although be might not excel as a speaker, he believed tlmt few amongst tbem had exerted themselves mote ardently, or sacrificed more time in the great cause which they were mette- promote than he had (cheersi. TbgHJft emphatically called upon to act— gpd mwtmw have them bear in mind that one good action was worth any number of brilliant speeches (cheers). For this reason lie trusted tbat the expression of their sympathy with the patriotic exertions of the Van Diemen's Land colonists would not end iu mere wordB, but that some thing more practical would be done to assist them in getting rid of the convict curse (cheers;. He trusted that by their combined influence, they would show tbe imperial government, that their petitions and remonstrances were not to be neglected with impunity. And if Earl Grey should persist in sending convicts to Van Diemen's Land, he hoped their advice to that colony will be to do as their race bad done be fore, when their petitions and remonstrances failed (loud cheers). Let them when the next transport vessel arrived, resist to the uttermost the landing of the convicts ; if the worst should come, let them rather throw the convicts over board, than they should lie let loose upon tbe country. This was the kind of advice which they should give to a people so oppressed and trodden down, as those of Van Diemen's Land (cheers). When he looked back at the many meetings that had been held upon thii subject, and the many petitions and remonstrances that had been sent home, he was really astonished that Earl Grey should persist in a line of policy, which he knew was so utterly distasteful to nearly the whole of tbe Australian colonies; the same pernicious system was still being carried od, if not so extensively, at all events with, equal vigour, and with the same immoral and degrading results (cheers). At one of their meetings it was said by a clergyman tbat if the hateful question were not soon settled, it would result in endless discord, and eventually termin ate in rebellion (cheers). No one who looked iuto the future, and considered the many fright ful consequences attendant on the transporta tion system could deny the probability of such n termination. There were bounds even to lor alty, and be confessed that if there was anythmg calculated to brirjg about a rebellion, it wm tlie humiliating and degrading way iu which they were treated by JSarl Grey, Mr. Flood felt highly honored in being called upon to second this resolution. It was not his intention, at that late hour, to make a spsecb, but he felt bound to state his determination to support the League, not merely with bis buable mite, but with his humble self. Be begged to record bis humble approval of the noble and patriotic conduct of tbeir friends in the sister colony. Mr. Gilbert Wright supported the resolution. They had been repulsed at the first onset— but baffled— not beaten— they must renew the attack ! It was often charging that won the battle 1 (cheers). The assault must be length ened into n siege (hear, hear). Their rejected petitions must be reiterated and reinforced by continual fresh supplies of more urgent Mid importunate demands! (hear hear). And it would be with them, us with the Greeks before Troy ; It was not Agamemnon, nor Ajax, nor Achilles— but the tea years' siege, that won tht citadels (cheers). They had nothing to hope from the equity or honesty of Karl Grey (groans). That most mendacious minuter (groans and laughter) had Stonp'd up the a ecus and pauwe to Bemont. That no compunctious visuiugt sT Nature Shake his fell purpose. (Hear, hear). And they bad little to expect from the clemency or justice of the imperial parliament (hear, hear). For even though trans portation were not, as it ib, the traditionary policy of the empire (hear), tbe wrongs of remote dependencies are but little understood — and, still less cared for (hear, hear). Let us not then pursue Oar state of vassalage, but rather set k Our own good from ourselret I (Cheers). To this end have the colonists of Australasia joined hands, never to part, until m all that is needed to complete their liberties *m shall have been achieved (loud cheers). Whea^BH they had subdued the old dragon transportation. ~ (hear, hear), tbey would be in a position to merit, as well as accomplish, if not the con cession, the conquest of all their constitutional rights nnd liberties (cheers). Their present combined hostilities would but discipline and train tbem to future victories (cheering). For there were other battles before them ! (hear, hear). They must Dot only wrest from colonial officety runny the control of their crown lands, but they must wring from it all their other rights, administrative and legislative (cheers). They must extinguish nommeeism Ccheets). All admire the ina-euline— and adore the feme nine — but who does not abhor the neuter gen dor? (laughter and cheers). Now, nominees are neuters T (laughter). Political eunuchs — untexed senators — they must be squelched! (Immense laughter and cheers). And, if tha colonies were but true to themselves, nnd to each other, the day was not distant when all these things would be accomplished (hear, bear and cheers). A Nation— like a man In its time plays mas; putt-* Its act* being seven ages. (laughter.) But yesterday they were, An Infant Starling and puiing in the Dune's aims; (laughter.) To-day they rather resembled The soldier, Jealous in honor, sudden ani quick in quarrel. {cheers) seeking ' reputation'— aye, and inde pendence—if tequisite to 'reputation'— (cheers)— Evan in the cannon's month. A people must indeed be debated who could endure without grief or resentment to be down trodden end trampled upon by Transportation (bear, hear). To submit would be to approve themselves (to use the language of John Mil ton) 'the lowermost the most defected, the most underfoot of vassals' (hear hear). Thanks however, to Edward Hammond Hargraves, they would soon he ' precipitated into a nation' (cheers). Mr. Hargraves resembled Baba Aij dallah in the Arabian Nights (laughter), round whose left eye, and upon whose left eye-lid the good Dervise applied an ointment, by the ap plication of which the concealed treasures of the earth were disclosed to bis rieir (Isughter and cheers). And the revelation will render Australia a theatre of wonders lebeers) ! It is thus that the Almighty baffles and confounds men by events, which cross the methods of their actings, and surpass the measure of their expec tations (hear, hear). And if, neither yielding to that queasy temper of lukewarmness, which worsens and slugs all action, nor surrendering to that servile and thrall-like fear which shirks and skulk* from action, they did but cultivate and cherish that spirit of independence which is Lord of the lion heart and eagle eye. (cheering), they would not only achieve great* ness and grandeur, but run a glorious career among the nations of the earth, the founders of s free and happy empire (immense cheering). The resolution w«s then put and carried with loud demonstrations of applause. Mr. Henry Parkes said the present was one of those occasions which ought to make the plainest men, nnd the most unsifted, find tome sort of utterance for their indignant feelings (cheers). After all the pain and toil of the protracted agitation of this question— -after an agitation, conducted with the fullest enquiry and the deepest earnestness, which had stirred the country to its very core ; and after these communities, having been polled almost to a man, had declared with one voice against re ceiving English criminals as an evil which all be lieved was in the highest degree hurtful to their moral and social interests — a canker eating into their very souls — still they were forced back to its consideration by the perrmeness of one obstinate man who happened to bold a seat in the British government. He agreed with previous speakers that the time for deliberation snd argument was past (cheers). Why, they bad deliberated over years— they bid exhausted all argument. The matter now resolved itself into a simple question of natural right ; and thty had only to consider how best to vindicate this right (cheers). They had done all in this way which men could do; they could pursue this course no longer (cheers). It was a singular and striking feature of this agitation, that a very large amount of talent had been exhibited in it. The last debate in the legisla tive council, the year before lust, was one so ably sustained that it would have done honor to the British house of commons. Tbeir petitions, from all parts of the country, bad been able and argumentative documents ; and sucnwftBtbeirunanimity of sentiment that, when the question was under discussion, in this co lony, the numbers were 36,000 against, and only 600 in favor of the system (cheers). But in the face of all this— notwithstanding their repeated protests and petitions— notwithstanding the intelligence which they had brought to bear in the discussion of this question, and their unanimity in the decision which they had arrived at, the tyrannical minister persisted in thrusting upon them the evil which they were determined not to receive. Well, then, what was to be done? As a free people, as men, they could not retreat from their position ; they could no_ longer go through the farce of re ojonstrating against an injustice which was per severed in with an utter disregard to their wishes and their interests; they miiBt do something else (loud cheers.) He was pleased to hear their president, Mr. Cowper, talk of fighting (cheers and laughter). Knowing the mild, affable, and benignant character of that gentleman, he was, at first halt afraidthat he was hardly stern enough for the duties which he might be called upon to perform in his mission to Van Diemcn's Lund. They had been told that night of theseriouB consequences wbicli might ensue ; he (Mr. ParlteB) had no desire to bring before tliem rebellious examples, or he might, most properly point to the example of the American colonists; for in the progress of events which led to the loss of those colonies, there was a remarkable analogy to their own case. Ho would pats over this, because he believed that meeting did not need to be reminded of the glorious and successful struggle of men who were treated with contumely, and oppressed in a similar, manner to themselves (cheers). There was, however, one noble passage in a speech of one of those early patriots which he would, with tbeir permission, repeat to the meeting. When young Patrick Henry, in the general assembly of Virginia, was moving his resolutions in reference to the odious Stamp Act, he ex claimed,—' Cffisar had his Brutus, Charles the First bis Cromwell, and'George the Third' — ' Treason I' cried the Speaker (who, probably, was much such a gentleman as the hon. Speaker of our own council); the young patriot stand ing up wore proudly than ever, and filing his eyes on the alarmed Speaker, concluded the sentence; 'George the Third may profit by tbeir example (cheers) 1 if that be treason make the most of it I' He would point to the successful resistance of the American colonists, and in the name of that meeting, tell the British government to profit by their example I He had no treason to promulgate; but as was said by their Chairman, there was a higher loyalty than to any earthly monarch ; our loyalty to our nature, and to the all-wise God who had planted in us pure and holy sentiments, and wanned our being with the love of justice and truth (cheers i. To be false to this loyalty would be to abase ourselves before our Creator — to deface the divine impress of humanity which had been printed on our hearts (cheers.) They must go right onward in thciroourse. There could be no mistake in the matter ; or, if Earl Grey bad indeed boen deceived and misled, the last elec tions throughout tho colonies would surely undeceive him. Even under & cttntitution concooted by his own government, the people of Van Diemen'a Land had, in ever; instanee, elected antitransportation ists to their representative seats. In that unfortu nate' island— -that very sink-hole of English iniquity —where the prison population was so alarming in numbors. and where it could not bo doubted many oi that class possessed the eleetiva franchise, no re presentative favorable to transportation had been cbotcn. It was fair to assume that many of the emancipist class in that island had recorded their votes on the side of the anti-transporUtionists, How could it be otherwise ? How oonld men wish to continue to their children the corse of their own Sires f What w&s; it — tbis detire to get rid of the infamy and degradation of which they had tncmsolrei been victims— but the triumph of all that was good and virtuous, and lofty and aspiring in tbe human breast ? {cheers They were about to send Mr. Cowpcr as a delegate to tbe conference of the league at llob&rt; Town, Whon he approached tbe shores of tbe island-home of those sturdy and stout-hearted patriot*, he (Mr. Parkco) hoped the bracing influ ences of their climate would tnnko that gentleman evon bolder then he had been in his speech that evening, and, if the Tnsmanian colonists should de termine to reiict the landing of any more convicts, that he trould solemnly assnre them that tbe inha bitants of Hew South Wales were ready to assemble again in come place under hcaron, where all the people could be gathered, to ratify all the acts so done, and to share in ail the consequences, (loud cheers). The example of the Cape colonists was be fore them. The time was come when tbeir only course mi to follow that example ; and, whenever a prison ship chould arrive in the Dorwent, or in nny other port, to resist at all hazards tbe landing of the men thus tyrannically forced upon us. Be moat sincerely hoped they would not bo driven to tho ca tastrophe hinted at by their respected member, Mr, Campbell— that of tumbling the prisoners into th» sea ; but whatever sufferings might ensue — at what ever sacrifices, they wore now bound to stand by eaoh other in the protection of their own liberties. There were times when men had no right to look round for oonsoquenoes ; when they were bound by all that was dear and sacred to advance. Tie be. tiered this was a time for such conduct, (cbeors) When ho wai asked by his colloagues in the council of the league, to take part in the business of that mseting, he consented, because be considered he had no right to refuse any duty in the cause; bad they asked him to fight, his consent would have been as freely and ai quietly given for the reasons be had stated, (cheers) But he had come to tbe meeting determined to put it to them whether tho time had not arrived for tho Van Diemen's Land colonists to resist the landing of Jho convict*. (loud cheers) He could see no other way to get rid of tbis cruel And desolating agitation. He therefore solemnly askod that meeting, if they agreed with him that the time for this decisive action had arrived, to bold up their hands with him in tho affirmative (bore tbe speaker held up his hand, and was responded to by the hands of nearly all in the body of the meeting). Tbis be accepted as a pledge of their honest and se rious determination in the matter. In the name of that meeting he would request their rcBpeoted dele gate to convey to liio colonists of Van Diemen'a Land, that tbo people of New South Wales wore prepared to stand by thorn in resisting the debarka tion of any further importations of convicts on their shores. He would now most cordially movo the re solution which bad been entrusted to his hands :— 'That tbe previous rcsolotiont be embodied in in oddren, end that inch ad&resi; kt presented liy the president, in tho name of this Keeling, to the Tasmuriao delegates at tbe Hon«rt Town conference. Mr. Lloyd wag not surprised to find himself sur rounded by men of wealth and respectability of character. This, was a subject on winch they were all unanimous. Ho was surprised t!-at Earl Grey had held out to long against their remonstrances. Bo only wished he was there to witnoss the present demonstration. Thoy were not entirely without sympathy from their British friends. Ho hold in his band a letter written by a gentleman in Van Dieaion's Land, stating that ho had received a letter from an English merchant named Mr. Brooks, requesting him to plaoo £100 on his account at the disposal, of the Lcaguo to resist Transportation. Whan a man in his position came forward in this uoble manner to thorr his sympathy with them, there mutt bo many others who were heartily inter, cstcd in the cause. Their chairman wns about to vieit Van Diemcn'e Land, and ho wished to carry with him that meeting's expression of its sym pathy with tho causo of tho Tosui;inians. That ex pression could not be misunderstood, and Uc wished bis friends iu (ho sister colony were, iicre to witness it. Ho hoped that Mr. Cowper would carry with him to the shores of Tasmania sometbiug of the ar dour of tbis meeting. That ho would let tbo Tos manians know that it was the determination of tho people of New South Wales, while the links of this chain of transportation were round their brethren's nocks, to spare neither sympathies, onergios, nor exertions, to destroy them. The resolution having been put, was carried una nimously. Tbe chairman, is reference to the remarks of some of the previous speakers, would tako this op portunity of stating, that it would bo one of his first duties after his arrival in Van Diemen's Land, to oomtnunicate to the good folks of that colony all that had taken place tbis evening, and particularly tbo very warm and energetic manner in which they bad expressed their sympathies with thoso colonists, in their arduous struggles to get rid of the truly de grading curse of convictism (cheers). Mr. Lamb having taken tbo chair, Mr. Simmons said, they were all familiar with tbo many valuable services which the gentleman who had just left tbe chair had rendered in the cause of anti-transportation. Be hoped, therefore, that they would give Mm three hearty — three boisterous cheers— chssrs that might be beard in Van Diemon's Land. Three vociferous cheers wore then given, to which Mr. Cowper suitably responded, and tho meeting, which was quiet and ordorly throughout, separated. 