THE DEVIL AND THE MILITARY. Some people may imagine that the association of such characters as the Devil and the Military will appear somewhat incongruous, but a communication, of which a copy will be foond below, from one of the old campaigners, will shew tbat there is a certain degree of affinity which seems to attacu all mischiet makers to each other, Last week the Melbourne Argus facetiously showed the affinity of military and small pox as being each in its own sphere tho greater curse of the human family, these observations occasioned a serious appeal from cue of the Sydney Morning Papers to the coercion and protection of the Attorney General, never dreaming that betwixt tho proposed victim and his prosecutor there stood, or should stand, a jury of Englishmen. We will not exactly identify ourselves with those who condemn the military as useless machines — Ehooting sticks— or legal murderers. We never put forward such a doctrine as that. We know tbat without military, in one torm or another, no state could exist. The au1 bonty of the law is not maintained by the Bimple love and affection of the people for the abstraot principle of social order, there is on appeal to common sense, and common patriotism, but That apptai to the well duposed is backed by a compulsory appeal. to the portion of the multitude who only act through the belief thatt whether they are willing or unwilling to perform their parts in the state, they can be compelled to refrain from molesting those who are willing to do their duty. The compulsory instrument is the military ; however we may disapprove of (he application of such a force, in some instances, we are not unaware ot its general indispensibility, 'and therefore witbont trying to shew further cause for its euistence, we will be pardoned for not making a better apology on its behalf It would appear, however, that some remarks on military distinctions which have appeared in this journal were not exactly suitable for a mess-room; which ought, according to strict discipline, to consist of one soul, with a strong body of automatons. When others, besides the soul, attempt to pull the puppet strings, the skeletons become deranged, and the whole mess get into an uproar. The skeletons are very good ; we do not deny them their merit. The 11th Regiment, if tbey are not better, are no worse than others ; and 6ceing some" thing specificially adduced by ub in reference to them, th' y had to udjoum their deliberations from the presence of the soul " to that of the presiding Genii of Brant's Oyster Boom, in erder to discusB with calmnesB the necessary steps they ought to adopt to bring us into d scipline. Through the courtesy of the officers, who are distinguished not more by their epaulettes than by their gallantry, our reporter was permitted to listen to their consult at ions, at the window, where he learned the result of their cogitations. There were seven parties present — four of them in shell jacket 8," one in a plain genteel dress coat, black silk neck tie. clean boots, well paired cultivated whiskers, and, upon the whole, an exterior, not unworthy ot a military gent. Our reporter rays he is a brick — and we have no reason to gainsay the appellation. Brant was from home, but his good lady did the needful, and after a few minutes consideration, it was ruled that the Captain — " the Captain" — Lsnnox was voted to the chair ' Who shall we have for secretary ?" was the firBt questioned asked. "Oh!" said the Chairman, ''Send down to ICattit's — a first-rate card he is ; one, know, will do the thing genteely. You'll find him there. Mrs. Brant! bring in the paper ana pen and ink." In five minutes tbe Sacre'ary was in attendance. As be passed the door we caught a glimpse of his exterior. He was a small man, (with a large soul for good things ;) on his lips which were, according to ordinary rule, of tbe shape adapted to nobbling and therefore nobble, wore two, would be moustaches, not unlike the clippings of a bunch of short shorns, or tail ends of New Zealand tow, graduated by cultivation to approximate cat's appendages: and on his chin the adhesion of a hairy succedauium composed of a semblance approximating to the prolongated extension of a kangaroo rat's tail. Toe last was called au " imperial," and right worthy it was of the name. Entering the door, he was saiu'etl by customary acknowledgement, " Come in !" " Take a chair Bell." " We want you Tnese thundering scoundrels in the Advocate office are taking their shine out of us. Can't. you return the compliment P There's no use in fighting, as we do at the Brown Bear Lane ; give them something that while it will not justify them will not condemn us. Think you can try ? There is another bale of paper dowu at Maok's, and you know we won't see you dead boat if you will try to get these villains brought to their senses. Won't you do us this favour ? You know you are tbe only organ left to us. Sculdudery will have lost its charms if no- one'B at command to vindicate our cause. We have done you many good turns, besides the we won't mention the name of Cask, he is a stranger in the raesB room ; but we will say you are in a manner bound to ao something for us. Can't you do a little in the — in the— in the blackguard line? You understand us? Eti ?" The New Zealand hemp looked first at one side, then at another. He was evidently tickled. He put bis hand in his pocket, but suddenly drew it out as if bitten by an adder; and standing up on the bottom of an old nursing chair, exclaimed — " Ah 1 the devil a shot there is in the locker. This is not my pocket ! I'm in for it, unless you can help me out gentlemen." u To be sure," said the Cuairtnan. " Wipe those greasy eyes of yours ; they are no elearer than the twinklers in an old piggery. Muster your courage man ; nobody here will |hurt you. We know you, and we know — your price. Prick your ears." " I do," said Scapegrace. ,c I have pricked ears and found nothing ; Can't you fork out some'ut ? I am always ready when you are willing. Give me a picture ; do ?" " Ramrod," said the chairman, have you got a shirt on you ? Cartridge, yod've got one? Trumpet, give us a blast ? Captain, we are at your service. Have you got a timbrel? He is a good cove is this. He sticks to us through thick and thin. Old Squash likes him ; and he tells us that such characters as flixy moustache, and milk-eye, are always welcome at the battery. We must support him" The appeal was bountifully responded to. Each man " forked " the stumpy, which being duly pocketed, put the recipient on his legs. His speech was brief, but emphatic. ' He said the People's Advocate called him a broken- down hack ; a thriving man in the midst of misery ; a scape-graee for immorality ; a vent for noxious exhalations ; a ceBB-pool for ejeoted spleen ; a living ghost in a grave yard ; a dock amongst tombstones ; and a night nettle in a hemlock clump 1 That wsb the oharacter he bad hitherto maintained. He did not think shame to avow it. No man situated bb he was himself would deuy it. He counted it an honor to be so associated." He was a "man of the world," and he esteemed them compliments ; and he was glad that tbe " gallant" gentlemen by whom he was surrounded found no better mark than himself to draw up a remonstrance for the devils that tormented them. He was ready if they were willing ; and he would shew — without referring to Lexington or Buenos Ayres — something that would put powder and shot into the remembrance of the villains that looked upon the military with seorn and contempt'; and referred to the only two engagements in which the British Army had ever been engaged, saving those he had mentioned, and some others the mention of which might be \- as discreditable as some others such as Peterloo, to which he did not mean more particularly to refer. He liked to speak out his mind ; and, therefore, the asperity of his elocution would find, bo believed, apologists amongst his hearers for the manner of his expression." This address was received with loud plaudits. Another round of oysters and ale was called in — along with three nobblers of brandy, and the hack, after rubbing his eyes, produced the following epiotie, to the admiration of his illustrious auditory. It is amongst our 'archives ; and as it will be the means of iden tifying this notable journal with tbe military department, we think we cannot do better than publish it as we got it. To the Editor of the Peoplds Advocate. Sir, — Living in the country, I have had no opportunity to read the P hop La's Advocate of the 16th and 23ra until now; and having past the be3t part of my life in tbe army, and decorated with two medals and three clasps ; I may be presumed to have seen more active service than many old soldiers now living ; and during my long experience have never perused such a malicious and scandalous attack on any corps, with which you have disgraced your paper, as on the officers and privates of a gallant old Regi ment, the Eleventh Foot. I have not Been an officer or privale of the, regiment since the Peninsular Y»rar, where I know they did and shewed they could, fight, as well as any other regiment of tb line ; leaving ail the Greek Lexicons and Laiin Authors to well. fed, fat fools, and Univarsity men at home ; and if a private by his courage in the field, and good conduot in quarters, may have risen fromhe ranks to be an officer ; the greater the honor and respect due to the man, although he Bbould write as tbe adjutaut (once a private) of my own regiment used to address me in his honest Irish jargon " Dirr Surr." This man was respected for his good conduot and bravery at tbe cannon's mouth, and I have no doubt there are as good, orderly, and well conduoted soldiers in the Eleventh as in any other regiment, you assume or presume , that the indulgence of their Colonel in allowing tbe privates to work, has been the prevention of whole companies from desertion ; but 1 Bay, it is a scandalous libel upon all the piivatea of the regiment ; and from the malignity you evince towards their officers and military discipline : I also have a right to assume , or presume , on their behalf, as a latent cause and effect, that you have yourself enlisted in a marobing regiment, was a d d bad soldier, and after receiving many wholesome and repeated bodily admonitions from the drummers, you were found such an incorrigible ' mauvais eujet," that they sent you to Botany Bay to become one of the "People," and a pretty unhanged lawless set of villains your friends are, according to your own account, at Forest Creek, Mudgee, Bat hurst, Melbourne, and other localities. Now lot me tell you, the British army has always done well without such grammarians, as yourself, for example, 1 have always known them to be the most troublesome scoundrels in every troop and company in the service ; nor are spouters of Homer, Horace, Virgil, and the Satires of Juvenal ; nor writers of Iambics and Hexameter Verses required ; but such men as can be found not only in the Eleventh, but in every regiment in the service, steady well- disciplined men of steel, always ready to administer it to their enemies to their heart's content; achieving with their bayonets and -native bravery what no other army on earth oan do; the captures of Ciudad Rodrigo, Badsjoz, and Sid Sebastian. And now I counsel you. leave the soldiers alone, and never attempt to Frenchify them to the "People," imputing probable perjury aud lack of allegiance to better men than yourself.- They are rather ticklish fellows, these soldiers, as you may have found them in their attempts to make something of you ; and if yon repeat your fool insinuations, and refuse to insert these remarks as the " amende honorable" due to them, I will, iu another paper, advise the soldiers of the Eleventh to deal with no publicans who patronise the " Devil's Advocate." And am, Sir. Nov. 3, 1852, THE OLD CAMPAIGNER. 