THE NEW MINISTRY. '(From.the London Times, February 25.) THI arrangements of the Derby administra tion are now complete, and a new household has started into 'existence with the same readiness as the Cabinet. It is difficult to be particular as to the special aptitude of this or that minor official for his new duties, without exaggerating the importance of the office itself. There are figure parts in the State as well as on the stage, for which a very average amount of personal recommen dations will suffice. Leaving, therefore, most of the respectable walking gentlemen in the list before us to speak for themselves, we will single out those which may call for a passing remark. , We have no objection at all then, that our old friend Mr. G. F. Young should take a few lessons at the Board of Trade, and acquire in that school a better stock of commercial statistics, as well as a better dis position to supply them to the general good of the public. The best thing we can wish for chaos are order and light, and we shall not despair of seeing even the honourable member for Scarborough methodical, lucid, and sound. The household seems very much lilke other households, and, so long as due regard is paid to the dignity and con-, venience of the Crown, as well as of the privileged few that are admitted to the presence of royalty, the great mass of the people has little to do with the matter. Ireland .isa more important affair. The Earl of Eglinton is chiefly known by his tournament, which would have gone off admirably but for the rain. If he could persuade the Irish to settle their quarrels in the same bloodless fashion, he, will con siderably eclipse the glories of that mimic chivalry. Chief Justic Blackburne, if he accepts Lord Derby's offer, will make an excellent Irish Chancellor. Lord Stanley, the new Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, has probably enjoyed as much preparation for that office as the distinguished excavator of tlhe Assyrian marbles. Sir E. Thesiger is Attorney General, it is said, with a view to the Speakership of the .house of Com mons in the new Parliament, should the fates be so far propitious. Lord Lyndhurst declines office,, but promises hid support, as also, it is rather superfluously added, does the Duke of Richmond. The note of preparation has already been sounded for the forthcoming war. The electors of Marylebone and Finsbury--that is, the very snug parties of gentlemen who, somewhere or other, assemble now and then to pass resolutions, publish manifestoes, and terrify ministers-have met, as usual, to protest against a change which seems, from their tone, to have come rather suddenly upon them. As they place the Whigs and the Conservatives under a common anathema, and are far more horrified at the ghost of the new reform bill than at the presage of protection, we are not prepared to state the particular plan of operations with which they recommence the session. . An evening contemporary, which seems as much astounded at these events .as the metropolitan politicians we have mentioned, is "pleased to hear that whatever doubt ex ists on this subject (that is,.the future course of the new Cabinet) will be dissipated im mediately after the re-election of the new ministers, by the introduction of a resolution pledging the House of Commons to free trade." On the other hand, the inhabitants of Manchester, who are, at least, as thorofigh freetraders as those of Marylobone, or as our energetic contemporary, have resolved not to renew the league till there shall appear some occasion for it, but simply to empower the council of the last league to watch the pro ceedings of the new administration with some very proper hints as to what may be expected, should the new Premier venture to re-open the great question. On the side of the new Government, and in its supposed in terest, there is an equal variety of announce ment. In the familiar column of one judi cious contemporary we already see the watchword "Death or Protection," and the public are assured that Lord Derby and his colleagues are prepared to risk all their mag nificent prospects, as well as the safety of the empire, next week, or to-morrow, if possi ble, on an ex ress demand for a good duty on corn. To such as are still hesitating how to" greet the new administration - that is, whether with a brief tolerance or with in stant defiance-we beg to repeat the views we have already expressed on this subject. There are two motives for political action and only two that apply to the present ques tion-the first, political feeling: the.second, a calculation of the public advantage. Now is there a peremptory call on any manp' consience to drive the new ministers at once from their places, and, with that view, to compel them to declare themselves in advance of their present convictions, and months, if not years, before they are likely to compro mise themselves? It may be a sacred duty to answer a question; but we cannot con sider it a sacred duty to ask one, especially when the object is to make a man belie himself or hamper himself--to do wrong either in one way or another. We see no "call" in the matter, except that mission which the proverb assigns to fools-of ask ing questions which the wisest may find it difficult to answer. A just suspicion always attaches to gratuitous measures, and nothing can be so gratuitious asto ask a question simply because it will be disagreeable to an swer it, and to hasten a decision which will require time to make it as it ought to be made. The second motive applicable to the subject is the public convenience. But where is the possible advantage to the com munity at large, of driving the new govern ment from power, without reasonable notice, by a species of forcible ejectment ? Why sha.uld we grudge twenty or thirty new hands a little taste of office? The nation \- surely is not specially interested in confer ring a perpetual monopoly of power on a small clique, consisting of a few noble fami lies, respectable as they are, and valuable as their services have undoubtedly been. On the contrary, it is an advantage to all parties, to the nation at large, to the whole of. the Legislature, and particularly to those who have something like political prospects of their own, that all monopolies should be broken up, and that all sections af the po litical world should hlave a fair chance. If Mr. Bright would like to be& Chancellor of the Exchequer, he is far more likely to have it after a year or.two of Mr. Disraeli than after a long and exclusive high Whig or high Tory prescription. Some one has observed that there are only four men in the new cabinet who have been in a cabinet before. Why not? There is all the more chance now for those who have not been in a cabinet. If nobody is to be in a cabinet wvho hais not already been in a cabinet, or if new ministers are only tobe made at the rate of one in five years, political promo tions, and we will add, political progress, will be very slow. Give the Conservatives a chance, for the sake of the public, if not for their own. :But does the convenience of the public peremptorily demand a dissolu tion ? Should Lord Derby be thrown into a minority by a factious vote, he would have no alternative but to dissolve Parliament at once, in order to pick up the government seats, and the gain which there would in inevitably be in several counties and open boroughs. But would it be to the advan tage, we will not say the security, of the nation, that at this juncture it should be plunged into the animosities of a general election, and the great .cause of agricul ture versus manufacture once more re 6pened with increased bitterness? ,lost certainly it would not. The best thing that can happen to us just now is, that the new government should have a fair trial: and we do not know any law of political morality that should make a little wise for bearancea positive sin. 