SIR HENRY YOUNG AND THE BULLION \- ACT. If it were possible for a public journalist to trace through a long life the effect of his 'writings on mankind^ it would be a melancholy task to discover how often they had failed of their intended object, and how often the arduous and incessant exertions to which the conductors of the press are condemned, could be shown to have resulted as fruitlessly as though they had. been employed in beating the empty air. If is not often that a public writer can direct men's minds, though the cant of the profes sion asserts otherwise; but it is a privilege con ferred by his position to divine the immature and half-spoken opinions of the people among whom he resides, and by forestalling their complete expres sion, to gain a reputation for prescience and origi nality which is earned, in feet, only by watchful observation and the tact of adaptation. And even in this respect it sometimes happens that a public writer is deceived or disappointed, and finds that he has only " sown to the wind, to reap the whirl wind." But if the mortification be great when his labours thus fruitlessly result, not even the most casehardened veteran in literary warfare could steel his conscience against compunction, if he could ap prehend the pernicious consequences of writings wherein he had wantonly sacrificed honesty to party purposes or professional feme. If we are to believe in the philosophy of one who, of all unin spired men, is supposed to have had the greatest power in appreciating human character and de scribing the consequences of human conduct— " The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones." Of perversions of the uses of the press such as we allude to, we have never met with a more gross case than in the instance of a letter addressed to Sir Henry Young, which the Adelaide Times of Wednesday admitted to its columns. It contains an : unprovoked, unjust, and injudicious attack on the character of the Govern or ; but why, the writer has not stated. The drift of the article, second to its abuse of His Excellency, is abuse of the Bullion Act; and notwithstanding the command of language and illustration which the writer evidently possesses, it would be difficult to understand what it is he com plains of. Sir Henry Young is blamed for having formerly expressed principles adverse to the Bullion Act; he is thCn blamed for having pasfed the Act in compliance with the wishes of the colonists, and he is next blamed for not doing something else, which as far as our knowledge goes, he has not yet been asked to do. " An Old Hand " has raised a ghost of His Excellency for the pleasure of fight ing the shadow of his own creation; and as the letter is No. 1, we shall expect to see many a ter rible attack on this convenient enemy. Though the ! allegations on which " An Old Hand" proceeds may j be " as baseless as the fabric of a vision," no matter, j so long as they serve as pretexts for giving vent to a certain amount of venom which has evidently been bottled up for the occasion. The writer has, however, reckoned without his host in this matter ; the public are better judges of the real state of the case than is " An Old Hand," and view the attack on Sir Henry Young for his connexion with the Bullion 'Act as an insult to the good sense of the community, and as a mistake. j When the Governor has answered the memorial j from the Banks, which has not yet been presented, he will then be open to criticism and remark for the course he may choose to take; but he is not the ! more likely to be induced to comply with the wishes of the community because an anonymous writer has assumed a conclusion and has made it the occa sion for opening a volley of vulgar bounce. What course the Governor will take Inthe grave emer gency winch is evidently in prospect for the Banks can be known to no one; probably not even to him self until the whole effect of the six months' operation of the Bullion Act is placed before him. The law which shields an individual from premature condemnation until the facts in his favour are known has surely not less force in protecting men in office from the responsibility of steps - they have never taken; and, however it may sometimes be sup posed to suit the purposes of a newspaper to over look the restrictions of ordinary justice, or to sacri fice them for the gratification of personal or political enmity, it is still a crime which public opinion will brand with odiom. "It Is most excellent to have a giant's strength. But 'tis most villainous to use it like a giant." If it be the interest of the colonists (and nobody can doubt it), to remedy the acknowledged defect of the present Bullion Act, he is no true friend who adopts a line of conduct which cannot in any possible way assist the object sought to be .attained, but which, by creating irritation and increasing difficulties, has an evident tendency to endanger a successful issue. The wisdom of " An Old Hand " may perhaps be able to show why it is essential that in order to pass a Legislative measure, in which Sir Henky Young has, in our opinion, as great a political interest as any individual in this community, he should be taunted with what he has already done, and reproached for that which he has not done. Thursday's Government Gazette contains parti culars of Land Sale to take place on 30th inst.; an alteration in the boundaries of the Hundreds of Waterloo and Julia Creek ; the suspension of Mr. Lang from the office of Stipendiary Magistrate for the Southern Districts,- and the appointment of Mr. Worthington, Solicitor, in his stead; list of further Pasturage . Leases ready for execution, &c.; 