LAST SATURDAY'S MEET WITH THE SYDNEY PACK. BT NIMROD'S GHOST. Tho scene of operations for Inst Saturday was again ûxod at Parramatta, and accordingly wo wended our way, on tho previous afternoon, to our o d quarters nt Nash's, Each timo that wo travel this fifteen miles of most excellent rend, sundry visions of »ld four-in-hand days come across our memory ; and wo long to bo on tho box with a team of real go-a-hcad tits before us. But, alas ! those day dreams aro always knocked on tho head when tho Parramatta, Penrith, or Win lsor"coaches (or rather apologies for such) go lumbering hy. Why, oh ! sitados of former Dragsmon ! do not some of tho porprlotors of these conveyances put decent turn-outs on tho road. Thor« aro plenty of good coachmnkers, horses aro cheap enoucli. tho turnpiko is capital, and loads of trafile, to there is nothing to pre- vent a mod st rivalry of israel Alexander's palmy days: but a spirit ot rivalry is wanted, that would soon knock tho present lumbering concerns o(T tho road. Not having ev» r tra- vailed by any one of theso conveyances, it must not ho supposed that we have porsonal cause to grumble at pace, civility, or charges ¡ but we do like to soo a drug with its full old English ap- pointments. Another wonder always strikes us on tho road How, in spite of all tho heat and dust, do tho many public-doutes inanago to pay their licenses ? Evory few hundred yards n sign-post, stares you in tho fuco ; nnd above all (though a clover dodge it is), tho water troughs aro brought so prominently forward that one s prnd can hardly bo persuaded to pass without washing his mouth out ; and, ii» canne, tho rider is expected to do ditto. . Wo took tho trouble to moho a calculation ns to how much a nm»-wm,M inili'lio were he to tako a singlo nobbler nt two lion«-« out of three, and without reducing it to /mêlions (meaning broken glass-s), hud. th u tho total would bo about tivu balfes and " half; or with the usual maximum quaatity nf dilution for tho vain at- tempt to koop so'er, about one bucket /ind three-quarters of liquid, lt would be a curious question for a philosophical society to propound as to what decimal portion of the community pass sober through tho lait Parramatta tolt gato. Tho MaBtor having boon informed that a couplo of dingos had been seen roaming about tho Domain, tho word was given to meet nt sharp 5. Shortly, after ihat time, a field of about a baker's doioa mounted to follow the beauties, and we trolled off to tho cover at thc right of tho Park, Tho hounds soon feathered, and it was" evident that our gamo had boen afoot during " the small boors " An occasional whimper from tho young 'uns, answered by the base challenge of their more experienced kennel friends, made each rider look out for tho bast path to get out of tho scrub. Nor were they quick about it, for at a moment s notice, away dashed the lot-hoads up, sterns down-with a breast high scent. Yotcks ! Yolcks ! At him you darlings I shouted that ardent little sports- man, facetiously nicknamed both Hoots and Brooches | but littlo encouragement tboy needed. Tho' unfortunate horsomon wore in tho worst plight, fur tho coyer'was too thick to gallup through',*"(except a ; man" liad cart-iron knee- caps,) and wo word obliged to follow somo by ear- sorao by guoas-and ono or two ns their qundrupeds listed. Whon clear of tho worst part of tho scrub, tho leading men found that tho hounds liad crossed an awkward gully, and they wiro obliged to loso much ground by keeping un tho wrong sido. Uenoo they got amongst the rook's, and rare galloping ground it ls thora for tlioso who wnnt "to go to glory quick." Taking a sweep they oamo -down the hill-across tho orchards- through tho enclosed paddocks-over tho Liverpool Hoad-and tho varmint seemed inclined to head past Lawson's buillng-down ostaUllsbtnont, wrlion, most likely by overrunning tho scoot, the hounds throw ap. To tell the unvarnished truth, uo ooo was up to witness the finish ¡ but Capt D'Oyluy and Mr Thnrsby were closest tm tho lino, Capt. Fits Roy and tho whips being .not .fur off, but thrown too much to tho right. Most of tho rest of tho field had,m littlo quiot hunting to themselves with the straqgttrs running trail ; and, doubtv loss, fancied they wera doing tho trick, tho ' Qhost hoing one of tho number | but tho (hot is that the hounds wore too fast, and tho country too thick and hesvy for much display af judg- ment. In tho courso of timo tho eoattored . sportsmen gat to^other again, and by dint of a half-hour's too-too-looing, got tho hounds all back'to kennel. After a »light refresher tho 'master gavu noino oAhbr¿covers a trial ; but tho day was too warm/, hjiii^q'.uouUl hit on nothing. However','ii IIUlu «tísf Nrjlytjiood.""'! bad hjjryo tnatisbip, aver iJ^^fMMfX^*^^0"' lf,Md'l9SrfQi sport ; nnd aho'tvSHfjfUsjuoturiiQd hoflftrföy vimtly praying Tori^gß^kj^M^^l^k They meet nv.iiri, next Saturday, (thia day,) nt the Vineyards. Parramatta; and as his Ex* cellcncy trill he likely tb he out himself, it ls to tn boped a pood field will.ebon-. Next Wednes- day or Thursday, wc believe, il is thp worthy master's intention to give a meet near. town, for the salte of those men in business who cannot' loso two days together, and he will guarantee a run. 