ROBESPIERRE AND DANTON. By GEORGE GILFILLAN. One obvious effect of the upheavings of a revolution is to develop latent power, and to deliver into light and influence cast down and crushed giants, such as Danton. But another result is the undue promi- nence given by convulsion and anarchy to essentially small and meagre spirits, who, like little men lifted up from their feet, iii tho pressure bf a crowd, are surprised into sudden exaltation, to be trodden down whenever their precarious propping gives way. Revolution is a genuine leveller : " small and great" meet on equal terms in its wide grave ; and persons, whose names would otherwise have never been met in any other document than a directory, are coupled together continually, divide influ- ence, have their respective partisans, and require tho stern alembic of death to sepa- rate them, and to settle their true posi- tions in the general history of the nation and the" world. Nothing, indeed, has tended to deceive and mystify the public mind more than the arbitrary conjunction of names. The yoking together of men in this manner has produced often a lamentable confusion as to their respective intellects and cha- racteristics. Sometimes a mediocrist and a man of genius ore thus coupled toge- ther ; and whit is lost by the one is gained by the other, while tho credit of tho whole firm is essentially impaired. Some- times men of equal, though most dissi- milar intellect, are; in defiance of criticism, clashed into as awkward a pair as ever stood together on tho floor of a country dancing school. Sometimes for purposes of moral or critical condemnation, two of quite different degrees of criminality are tied neck and heels together, as in the dread undistinguishing "marriages of the Loire." Sometimes the conjunction of unequal names is owing to tho artifice of friends, who by perpetually naming one favourite author along with another of established fame, 'hope to convince tho unwary public that they are on a level. Sometimes they are produced by tho pride or ambition, or by the carelessness and caprice, of tho men or authors, themselves. Sometimes they are tho deliberate result of a shallow, though pretentious criticism, which sees and speci- fies resemblances, where, in reality, there are none. Sometimes they spring from the purest accidents of common circumstances, common cause, or common abode, as if a crow or a thrush must be kindred because seated on one hedge. From these and similar causes have arisen such combina tions as Dryden and Pope, Voltaire and Rosseau, Cromwell and Napoleon, Southey and Coleridge, Rogers and Campbell, Hunt and Hazlitt, Hall and Foster, Paine and Cobbett, Byron and Shelley, or Ro- bespierre and Danton. . In tho first histories of the French Re- volution, tho names of Marat, Robespierre, and Danton, occur continually together as a triumvirate of terror, and the impression is left that the three were of one order, each a curious, compound of tho maniac and the monster. They walk on, linked in chains, to common execution, although it were as fair to tie up John lngs, Judge Jeffreys and Hercules Furons. A some what severer discrimination has of late unloosed Marat from the other two, and permitted Robespierre and Danton to walk in couples, simply for the purpose of point- ing more strongly, the contrast between the strait-laced demonism of tho one, and the fierce and infuriated manhood of the other. At least, it is for this purpose that we have ranked their names together. Of Marat, too, however, we are tempted to say a single word—"Marah," might he better have been called, for he was a water of bitterness. He reminds us of one of those small, narrow, inky pools we have seen in the wilderness, which seem fitted to the size of a suicide, and waiting in gloomy expectation of his advent. John Foster remarked, of some small "malignant". or other, that he had never seen so much of tho "essence of devil in so little a com- pass." Marat was a still more compact concentration of that es- sence. He was the prussic acid among the family of poisons. His unclean face, his tiny figure, his gibbering form, his acute but narrow soul, were all reassessed by an infernal unity amd clearness of purpose. On the great clock of the Revolution while Danton struck the reverberating hours—while Robespierre crept cautiously but surely, like the minute-hand, to his object—Marat was tho everlasting "tick tick" of the smaller hand, counting, like a death-watch, the quick seconds of mur- der. He never rested ; he never slum- bered, or walked through his part ; he fed, but to refresh himself for revolutionary action ; ho slept but to breathe himself for fresh displays of revolutionary fury. Milder mood, or lucid interval, there was none in him. The wild beast, when full, sleeps ; but Marat was never full—the cry from the " worm that dieth not," within him being still, "Give, give," and the flame in his bosom coming from that fire which is ''never to be quenched." If, as Carlyle seems sometimes to insi- nuate, earnestness be in itself a divine quality, then should Marat have a high place in tho gallery of heroes ; for if an earnest angel be admirable, chiefly for his earnestness, should not an earnest imp be admirable too ? If a tiger be respectable from his unflinching oneness of object, should not a toad, whose sole purpose is to spit sincere venom, crawl amid general consideration too? If a conflagration of infernal fire be on the whole a useful and splendid spectacle, why not honour one of its bluest and most lurid flames, licking, with peculiar pertinacity, at some proud city " sham?" But we sus- pect, that over Carlyle's imagination the quality of greatness exerts more than that of earnestness. A great regal-seeming, ruffian fascinates him, while the petty scoundrel is trampled on. His soul rises to mate with the tiger in his power, but his foot kicks the toad before it, as it is lazily dragging its loathsomeness through the wet garden-beds. The devils, much admired as they stood on the burning marl, lose caste with him when, entering the palace of Pandemonium, they shrink into miniatures of their former selves. Mira- beau, with Carlyle, is a cracked angel ; Marat, a lame and limping fiend. Some one has remarked how singular it is that all the heroes of the French Revo- lution were ugly. It seems as curious to us that they were very large or very little persons. Danton was a Titan ; Mira- beau, though not so tall, was large, and carried a huge head on his shoulders; whereas Marat and Napoleon were both small men. But the French found their characteristic love of extremes gratified in all of them. Even vice and cruelty they will not admire, unless sauced by some piquant oddity, and served up in some ex- traordinary dish. A little, lean corporal, like Napoleon, conquering the Brobdig nagian marshals and emperors of Europe, and issuing from his nut-like fist tho laws of nations ; a grinning death's head, like Voltaire, frightening Christendom from its propriety, were stimulating to intoxi- cation. But their talent was gigan- tic, though their persons were not ; where- as, Marat's mind was as mean, and his habits as low, as his stature was small, and his looks disgustful. Here, then, was the requisite French ragout in all its putrid perfection. A scarecrow, suddenly fleshed, but with the heart omitted—his rags fluttering, and his arms vibrating, in a furious wind, with inflamed noddle, and small, keen, bloodshot eyes—because, for a season, the idol of tho most refined and enlightened capital in Europe. Had we traced, with a lover's eye, the path of some beautiful flash of lightning, passing, in its terrible loveliness, over the still landscape, and seen it omitting tho church spire, which seemed proudly point ing to it as it passed—sparing the old oak, which was bending his sacrificial head be- fore its coming—touching not the tall pine, into a column of torch-like flame, but darting its arrow of wrath upon the scare- crow, in tho midst of a bean-field, and,by tho one glare of grandeur, revealing its " looped and ragged" similitude to a man, its aspiring beggary, and contorted weak- ness—it would have presented us with a fit though faint image of the beautiful avenger, tho holy homicide, the daughter of Nemesis by Apollo—Charlotte Corday— smiting, the miserable Marat. Shaft from heaven's inmost quiver, why wert thou spent upon such a work ? Beautiful, broad-winged bird of Jove, why didst thou light on such a quarry ? Why not have ranged over Europe, in search of more potent and pernicious tyrants, or, at least, have run thy beak into tho dark heart of Robespierre ? Why did a steel, as sharp and bright as that of Brutus, when he rose " refulgent from the stroke," pierce only a vile insect on tho hem of a mantle, and not at once a mantle and a man? Such questions are vain ; for not by chance, but by decree, it came about that a death from a hand by which a demi-god would have desired to die, befell a demi- man, and that now this strange birth of nature shines on us for ever, in the light of Charlotte Cordey's dagger and last triumphant smile. ' Yet, even to Marat, let us be merciful, if we must also be just. A monster, he was not, nor even a madman ; but a man- nikin, of some energy and acuteness, soured and crazed to a preternatural degree, and whoso fury was aggravated by pure fright. He was such a man as the apothe- cary in "Romeo and Juliet" would have, become in a revolution ; but he, instead of dealing out small doses of death to love-sick tailors; and world-wearied seam- stresses, rose by tho force of desperation to tho summit of revolutionary power, cried out for 30,000 heads, and died of the assault of a lovely patriotic maiden, as of a sun-stroke. And yet Shakspere has a decided penchant for the caitiff wretch he so graphically paints, and has advertised his shop to the ends of the earth. So let us pity the poor vial of prussic acid dashed down so suddenly, and by so noble a hand, whom mortals call Marat. Na- ture refuses not to appropriate to her bo- som her spilt poisons, any more than her shed blooms—appropriates, however, only to mix them with kindlier elements, and to turn them to nobler account. So let us, in humble imitation, collect, and use medi- cinally, the scattered drops of poor acrid Marat. Marat was essentially, of the canaille—a bad and exaggerated specimen of the class, whom, his imperfect education only con- tributed to harden, and spoil. Robespierre and Danton belong, by birth and training, by feelings and habits, to the middle rank, Robespierre sinking, in the end, below it, through his fanaticism, and Danton rising above it, through his genius and power. Both were " limbs of the law," though the one might be called a great toe, and the other a huge Briarean arm ; and, without specifying other resemblances, while Marat lost his temper and almost his rea- son in the melee of the Revolution, both Robespierre and Danton, preserved to the last their self-possession, their courage, and tho full command of their intellectual faculties, amidst the reelings of the wildest of revolutionary earthquake, and tho thick darkness of tho deepest canopy of révolu- tionary night. Robespierre reminds us much of one of the old Covenanters. Let our readers startle at this seemingly strange assertion. We mean, tho worst species of the old Covenanter—a specimen of whom is faith-' fully drawn by Sir Walter in Burley, and in our illustrious clansman—the " gifted Gilfillan.'' Such beings there did exist, and probably exist still, who united a firm belief in certain religious dogmas to the most woful want of moral principle and human feeling, and were ready to fight what they deemed God's cause with tho weapons of tho devil. Their cruelties were cool and systematic ; they asked a bless- ing on their assassinations, as though savages were to begin and end their can- nibal meals with prayer. Such men were hopelessly steeled against every sentiment of humanity. Mercy to their enemies to them treason against God. No adver- sary could escape from them. A tiger may feed to repletion, or be disarmed by drowsiness ; but who could hope to ap- pease the ghost of a tiger, did such walk ? Ghosts of tigers, never slumbering, never sleeping, cold in their eternal hunger, pur- suing relentlessly their devouring, way, were tho religious fanatics—the Dalziels and Claverhouses, as well as tho Burleys and Mucklewraths, of the seventeenth century. To tho same order of men belonged Robespierre, modified, of course, in charac- ter and belief, by, tho influences of his period. The miscalled creed of the philosophers of France in tho eighteenth century, which, with many of themselves, was a mere divertisement to their intel- lects, or a painted screen for their vices, sunk deep into the heart of Robespierre, and became a conviction and a reality with him. So far it was well ; but, alas! the creed was heartless and immoral, as well as false. Laying down a wide object, it per- mitted every license of vice or cruelty in the paths through, which it was to be gained. Robespierre became, accordingly, the worst of all sinners—a sinner upon system—a political Antinomian, glorying in his shame, to whom blood itself became at last an abstraction and a shadow ; the guillotine only a tremendous shuttle, weaving a well-ordered political web, and tho tidings of tho fall of a thousand heads agreeably indifferent, as to the farmer tho news of a cleared hay or harvest field. That Robespierre had at the first any appetite for blood is not now asserted by his bitterest foes. That he ever even ac- quired such a monstrous thirst, seems to us very unlikely. His only thought would be, at the tidings of another death, " Ano- ther sacrifice to my idea ; another obstacle lifted out of its way." Nero's wish that his enemies had but "one neck" was, we think, comparatively a humane wish. It showed that he had no delight in tho dis- gusting details, but only in tho secure re- sult of their destruction. He is the un- natural monster who protracts the fierce luxury—who sips his deep cup of blood lingeringly, that he may know the sepa rate flavour of every separate drop, and who, like the Cyclops in tho cave, leaves some select victim to the last, as a bonne bouche to his sated appe tite—" No man shall be tho last to be de- voured." Robespierre, no more than Nero, was up to such such delicate infernal cruelty. Carlyle, frequently admits Robespierre's sincerity, and yet rates him as little other than a sham. We account for this as we did in the case of Marat. He is regarded as a small SINCERITY ; and the sincerity of a small man contracts, to Carlyle's eye, something of tho ludicrous air in which a Lilliputian warrior shouldering his straw sized musket, and firing his lead-drop bul- lets, seemed to Gulliver. " Bravo, my little hero !" shouts the Titan with a loud laugh, as he sees him, " with sky-blue breeches," patronising tho houseless idea of a Divine being, " pop away at, the tottering heavens with that new nine-pin of thine ; but why is there not rather, a little nice doll of an image in those showy inexpressibles, to draw out, and complete the conversion of thy people? And why not say, ' These be thy Gods, O toy and toad- worshipping France !'" To bring him to respect, while he admits, the sincerity, we would need to disprove tho smallness of our Arras advocate. Now compared to truly great men, such as Cromwell—or to extraordinary men, such as Napoleon, Mi- rabeau and Danton—Robespierre was small enough. But, surely it was no pigmy, whose voice—calm, dispassioned, and articulate—ruled lunatic France, who preserved an icy coldness amid a land of lava ; who mastered, though it was only for a moment, a steed like tho Revolution; and who threw from his pe- destal, though it was by assailing in an unguarded hour, a statue so colossal as Danton's. Rigid, Roman-like purpose— keen, if uninspired vision—the thousand eyes of an Argus, if not the head of a Jove, or the fist of a Hercules—perseve- rance, honesty, and first-rate business qualities—we must allow to Robespierre, unless we account for his influence by Satanic possession, and say—either no dance aut Diabolus. Carlyle attributes his defeat and downfall to his pertinacious pursuit of a shallow logic to its utmost consequences. Probably he thus expresses, in his own way, the view we have already' sought, to indicate. Robespierre was tho sincere, consistent, unclean apostle of an unclean system—a system of deism in theology—of libertinism in morals—of mobocracy in politics—of a " gospel ac- cording to Jean Jacques"—a gospel of "liberty, equality, fraternity"—a liberty ending in general bondage, an equality terminating in tho despotism of unprin- cipled talent, a fraternity dipping its ties in blood. With faithful, unfaltering foot- step, through good report and bad report, he followed tho genius of revolution in all her devious, dark, dangerous, or tri-, umphant paths, till she at last turned round in anger, like a dogged fiend, and rent him to pieces. In dealing with Robespierre, we feel, more than with Marat, that we are in con- tact with an intelligent human being, not an oddity, and mere splinter of a man. His idea led, and at last dragged him, but did not devour nor possess him. His cru- elty was more a policy, and less a raging passion ; and his great moral error lay in permitting a theory, opposed to his original nature, to overbear his moral sense, to drain him of humanity, and to precipitate him to his doom. If he had resisted the devil, he would have fled from him. In rising from Robespierre to Danton, we feel like one coming up from the lower plains of Sicily into its western coast— the country , of Cyclopses, with their one eye and gigantic stature ; their courage, toil, ferocity, impiety, and power. Danton did tower Titanically above his fellows, and with little of the divine, was the strongest of the earth-born. He had an "eye", like a shield of sight, broad, pierc- ing, and looking straight forward. His intellect was clear, intuitive, commanding, incapable of the theoretical, and abhorrent of tho visionary. He was practical in mind, although passionate in temper- ament, and figurative in speech. His creed was atheism, not apparently wrought out by personal investigation, or even sought for as an opitiate to conscience, but carelessly accepted, as the one he found fashionable at the time. His conduct, too, was merely the common licentiousness of his country, taking a larger shape from his larger constitution and stronger passions. His political faith was less definite and strict, but more progressive and practical; and more accom- modated to circumstances than Robes- pierre's. His patriotism was as sincere as Robespierre's, but hung about him in more voluminous folds. It was a toga, not a tunic. A sort of lazy greatness, which seemed, at a distance, criminal in- difference, characterised him when in re- pose. His cupidity was as Cyclopean, as his capacity. Nothing less than a large bribe could fill such a hand. No common goblet could satisfy such a maw. Greedy of money, for money's sake, he was not. He merely wished to live, and all Paris knew what he meant by living. And with all the royal sops to Cerberus, he remained Cerberus still. Never had he made the pretensions of a Lord Russell or Algernon Sidney, and we know how they were sub- sidised. Had he lived in our days, a pub- lic subscription—a "Danton testimonial, all subscriptions to be handed in to the office, of Camille Desmoulins," would have saved this vast need patriot—this " giant worm of fire"—from tho disgrace of tak- ing supplies from Louis, and then laugh- ing a wild laughter at his provider, as hoe gnawed on at tho foundation of his throne. In fact, careless greatness, without prin- ciple, was the key to Danton's merits and faults—his power and weakness. Well did Madame Roland call him " Sardana palus.'' When he found a clover field, he rolled in it. When he had nothing to do, he did nothing; when he saw the necessity of doing something immediately, he could condense ages of action into a few hours. He was like some terrible tocsin, never rang till danger was imminent, but then arousing cities and nations as one man. And thus it was that he saved his country and lost himself, repulsed Brunswick, and sunk before Robespierre. It had been otherwise, if his impulses had been under the watchful direction of high religious, or moral, or even political principle. This would have scouted unity among his passions and powers, and led to steady and cumulative effort. From this conscious greatness, and superiority to the men around him, there sprung a fatal security and a fatal contempt. He sat on the Mountain, smiling, while his enemies were undermining his roots ; and while he said, "He dares not imprison me," Robe- spierre, was calmly muttering " I will." It seemed as if even revolution were not a sufficient stimulus to, or a sufficient ele- ment for Danton's mighty powers. It was only when war had reached the neighbourhood of Paris, and added its hoarse voice to the roar of panic from within, that he found a truly Titanic task wait- ing for him. And he did it manfully. His words became "half-battles.'' His actions, corresponded with, and exceeded, his words. He was as calm, too as if he had created the chaos around him. That the city was roused, yet concentrated— furious as Gehenna, but firm as fate, at that awful crisis, was all Danton's doing. Paris seemed at tho time but a projectile in his massive hand, ready to be hurled at tho invading foe. His alleged cruelty was the result, in a great measure, of this habitual carelessness. Too lazy to super intend with sufficient watchfulness tho administration of justice, it grew into tho Reign of Terror. He was, nevertheless, deeply to blame. He ought to have cried out to the mob, " The way to the prison- ers in the Abbaye lies over Danton's dead body ;" and not one of them had passed on. He repented, afterwards, of his con duct, and was in fact, tho first martyr to a milder regime. Not one of his personal enemies perished in that massacre ; hence the name " butcher" applied to him is not correct. He did not dabble in blood, he made but one fierce and rapid irruption into the neighbourhood of the " red sea," and returned sick and shuddering there- from. His person and his eloquence were in keeping with his mind and character. We figure him always after the pattern of Bethlehem Gabor, as Godwin de- scribes him : his stature gigantic, his hair a dead black, a face in which sa- gacity and fury struggle for the mastery —a voice of thunder. His mere figure might have saved tho utterance of his watchword—" We must put our enemies in fear." His face was itself a "Reign of Terror." His eloquence was not of the in- tellectual, nor, of the rhetorical cast. It was not laboured with care, nor moulded by art. It was the full, gushing utterance of a mind seeing the real merits of the case in a glare of vision, and announcing them in a tone of absolute assurance. He did not indulge in long arguments or ela borate declamations. His speeches were Cyclopean cries, at tho sight of tho truth breaking, like the sun, on his mind. Each speech was a peroration. His imagi- nation was fertile, rugged, and grand. Terrible truth was sheathed in terrible figure. Each thought was twin-born with poetry—poetry, of a peculiar and most revolutionary stamp. It leapt into light, like Minerva, armed with bristling imagery. Danton was a true poet, and some of his sentences are the strongest and most characteristic utterances amid all the wild eloquence the Revolution produced. His purses are of the streets, not of Paris, but of Pandemonium ; his blasphemies were sublime as those heard in the trance of Sicilian seer, belched up from fallen giants through tho smoke of Etna, or like those which made tho " burning marl" and the ''fiery gulph" quake and recoil in fear. Such an extraordinary being was Danton, resembling rather tho Mammoths and Megatheriums of geology than modern productions of nature. There was no beauty about him why he should be de- sired, but there was the power and the terrible brilliance, the rapid rise and rapid subsidence, of an Oriental tempest. Peace —the peace of a pyramid; calm-sitting and colossal, amid long desolations and kindred forms of vast and coarse sublimity —be to his ashes ! It is lamentable to contemplate the fate of such a man. Newly-married, sobered into strength and wisdom, in the prime of life, and with mildness setting down upon his character, like moonlight on the rugged features of the Sphinx, he was snatched away. ''One feels," says Scott of him, "as if the eagle had been brought down by a 'mousing owl.' " More melancholy still to find him dying "game," as it is commonly called—that is, without hope and without God in tho world—caracoling and exulting, as he plunged into the waters of what he deemed tho bottomless and the endless night ; as if a spirit so strong as his could die—as if a spirit so stained as his could escape tho judgment—tho judgment of a God as just as he is merciful ; but also —blessed be his name !—as merciful as as he is just. Our next paper, we intend, shall be on tho chief of all the revolutionists —the truest child of tho Revolution—Na- poleon. 