ENGLISH EXTRACTS. FROM LATE PAPERS MEDDLING. - The "Yankee Blade" has the following caution against over much med- doing:- A young fellow, the other day, en- tered a church and took his seat with his hat on. An elder noticing it stepped up and requested him to take it off. His request not being complied with, he came to the young man a second time, and seeing he still hesi- rated, the elder gently lifted it off when, to his (the elder's) charging, out rolled a quart of nuts on the floor, making rather more noise than was consistent with the rules of tho church "Man," quietly responded the youngster, looking composedly "see what you have done!" CONSUMPTION OF PAPER IN THE BANK OF ENGLAND. - In the Bank of England no fewer than sixty folio volumes of ledgers are daily filled with writing in keeping tim ac- counts? To produce these sixty volumes the paper having been previously manufac- tured elsewhere, eight men, three steam presses, and two hand presses, are continu- ally kept going within the bank. In the copper plate printing department twenty- eight thousand bank notes are thtown off daily: and so accurately is the number in- dicated by machinery, that to purloin a single note without detection is an impossibility. í SÍS'ONI,ÁR"CASE or AnmicTiox.-. The Brithl Oattíte give» tho following version ;of en affair »that hag caused .much gossip in English domestic circba recently :-''In^tbe 'emly paitof the week'the walls of our .city were- extensively placarded with posting bills offering £ SO rewan! for the restoration of n young.Iady mimed Harriet, twenty-one years of agc,' and newly married, tho daughter of the Rev Til Johnstone, vicar of Cluttm, who har) boon, it. was alleged, forcibly re- moved from the piotcciion of-her liusnnnd, and who was minn« d to be scented in tho neighbourhood of dutton, Wolli., Hath, or Uiiítol. The facts ol" tho novel, not to any romantic, occurrence nie, ,ive believe, ns follows :-Tho icvciend - vicar bus several daughters, onoof.whoin, the lady iuqucsiion, bad kindled a fianio iu the breast 'of a gullaiit son of Mats, who "holds the rank of ii captain in the Bengal cavalry. It is- not for us to know to whnj extent tlie feelings of liis hcait met with a response in the breast of the damsel, but this can be said, that he was. in «11 'lospc-cts a "liweable" man, young, handsome, high-spirite'd, well-born, mid blessed with an ample share of this Wurld'a treasures.*--"The gallant captain wooed and won the lady and about a month ago thô whole neighbourhood of dutton was thrown into commotion by one of the gaye»t weddings that lived even in tho memory of that sago gossip, " the oldest inhabitant." Tilings went on smoothly for a while, and a long career of happiness scorned before the' young couple, when an event occuired which gave rise to all tlie romantic incidents that followed. Captain Money was ut homo upon u very prolougod leave of ¡tbsi'iice, but the breaking out of the Burmese war led to, his immediate re- call. To lose his newly acquired treasure « us moro than he could nttui-J, and he determined upon1 taking his biidu to that distant land upon which, ¡it least for a time, bis lot was cast. But if the lady wis dear to lier hus- band, she was, it «wild seem, dear toller1 parents also, and objections weie made on | their part to her encountering the pciilsof j voyage und climate. The captain said his] wife must go with him, but hu w,<ul.l cn-, dca vom- to get. his st.iy in this countiy pio longed us tar as possible, and for this purpose he proceeded to Lundon, where he succeeded in procuring an extension of the time of his departure till October. On, his return his first inquiries were naturally for his wife. Excuses were at first made for her non appearance ¡ but at length tho astound-1 ing intimation was conv.yed to him by her father that he would never see her again. Now, a gallant officer' is not exactly the man to give up a young,and lovely bride so easily as 'this-, aud he at once resolved upon taking vigorous Herís for her recovery, lie I staitcd to Bristol, telegraphed to his brother, | a banister in Lundon, to take the proper H'cps , there, and gave ordeia for,tlici«suc of a large number of reward bill», uud the inseition of! 'nilveitiöciru'iit,3 iu the Landon and other I papers. Police ofikeis and seat cher« of¡ oveiy description weie brought into lequibi- i tion, and a regular corps of mounted men, ! ?lud after much watching the lady was traced toClutton: on Tuesday the father and-mo ther drove up to Mr-'s'house in a' car- riage, and having entered it, they brought out a young lady_ muffled up in shawls, whom they placed in the carriage and drovo off with her. A mounted man followed them to the Bath load, whefo hu nut another of' the pattol, and, 'directing him to follow j the naniago, he galloped on to this'city to inform tho captain. He cou d not be met with at tlie moment, and infuumition was given to a railway inspector, who staited at once to Bath, und lound the panics in u' railway carrhge. Explanations took place:! they proceeded to Loudon, and were almost,] immediately followed'by the husband. Fiom the mom nt of tho captain's arrival iu London, he was joined in the pursuit of his wife by two brothers, one of them ft bun ister, of Stone's Buildings, Lincoln's Inn. Tho fathtr wns soon discovered, but no t~ace of tho daughter was found.' In this strait the brothers repaire 1 to'Air Justice Erle, tlie judge at .chambers, to mcko application for a writ of habeas corpus compelling iho production of tlio daughter befoie his lordship toi thwith.The ? l',citoi\who represented the father urged the im'pobiibility of biingiiigtbe young lady from her i emote seclusion within the time re- quired; "for (said he, incautiously) no cab, apt even a Hansom, could traverse the ground between this and No. 32, Cadogan Place, Chelsea before the hour of your lord- ship's departure." JThorew.is o slightmovc inent in. the chamber, and one of the anxious listeners was missing, but his absence was not suspected. Order» were given for the imme- diate préparation of the wiit, but its bearer was forestalled ; for immediately on the discovery of his bride's address, tlie captain accompanied by his legal brothoi-already provided with ample means of llight hastened to Cadogan Place, and by cajolery or fmvo, by fair means or foul, took possession of the young lady and carried her oil" in tiiumpb. Whether with the fair piisonci's reluctant consent, positive appiovul, or in defiance of either, we have no means of conjecturing, beyond the power of judgment in such matters possessed in'common with our readers ; but some clue to tim feelings of tho relatives may be gathered from the following advertisement, whicii appeared in the Morning herald of Thuiaduy last : " Foiioinu* ABDUCTION-A young lady was forcibly rcmovciffromSü, Cadogan Place, in the afternoon of the 28th July. Any person who can give information of ^icr present .ad- dress will oblige her distressed fiiends by forwarding the same to Messrs Bridge»,, Mason, and Bridges, solicitors, 2«i, Ked Lion 'Square." \- With what success, if any, this appeal has been met. wo have not heard. FUAVDS AND ADUI/I-ERATIOXS IS TRADE, In none of tho investigations ol' the Lancet Ooiiiiuissioncis have tho' disc.Osuris iiunlc been moie stiutling than those now bjotight before the public lespecting Guyenne pepper. Of 28 s.iinpl. s examined, it was found that 24 weio aeltilleinrcil, nnd 4 only were genu- ine ;' that out of the 24 adultuiñtcd «amples, 23 contained mineral coloring matter; that red lead, often in largo and poisonetis quan- tities, was picscnt in 13 samples; thftt Vene- tian icif, red ochre, brick dust, or sotno other analogous fermgiiious caiths, were contained in 7 samples; that einnahm-, vermilion, or biilphuret ol' mercury, was detected in one sample -, that six of the samples consisted of a,mixturo of ground vice, tuimeric, and Cayenne, colored cither with red lead of a red feiiuginous caiih; that six samples contained laigc quantities of salt, some- times alone, but moio frequently combined with lice and a red ferruginous earth, or with red lead ; that one of the samples was adulterated with'a large quantity of the husk of whito liiustnid seed; ami that two cbntniiiod nee only, coloured with riid load or a ferruginous earth. As is well known, iod load nnd vermilion, or stilphuict of inei cury, nie highly deleterious BiibstnnccB, and aro not, like tnc majority of e.ther compounds, when received into tlic system, at onco eli- minated therefrom, but rcmaVin the body for a considerable time, gradually accumu- lating, until at length they occasion the peculiar symptoms which distinguish their presence in lace tnmouut, Thus, however »niall tlic close taken from' day to day, the constitution is liable, by the repetition of tho dose, to ho nt length brought under tho in- fluence of the poison, and to become soiiously itffocted. 1 JlALAi'itoros.-The Dundee Advertiser re- lates an occuri enco which i occntly took place in the Mciglc parish Church. Tho precentor nftcr pioclaimiup the hanns of mutt imony between it young couplo concluded by saying, "If there he any objections they can now'hc stated," "'A youth, tin old mininer of the intended bride,1 'noticing the oyes of af puttimi of the ctiiigit'gatiun fixed upon him, lose up mid exclnimcd, " 1 hdvo no objections for my o«'n part." , A Quixn.Tm.K.-We lcarn'fwro the Non f#i/(i/»(«V of home curious masquerading in( the wv Id ol' bonks fini bookmakers. A hoon which has just been published inthiscounttyl under tho supeiiytciy/eticfi.qfthc well-know!, llev, T. lunney, intitlcd " Incidents nnd. McmoiiiH of tho Chiistinn Lil'cj under the bimilitudc of a Voyage to the Cclcsti a LÍIIHI," appeared in America under the title of " A Rod in a Bottle for Jack in the Dold- rums. Uyun Cid Salt."' To VAK« WATEH Com Fon SUMMER. The following is a simple mode for îétiiieriiiç Vater almost ha cold as ice. Let the jar, pitcher, or vessel used for water, bo sur- rounded with one or more folds ¡¡oí coarse cotton, kept, constantly wet. The evapoia-, tion of the water will carry'otT the heat from the inside, and reduce it to the freezing point. In India and other tropical climes where ice cannot be procured, thisi-, common DEITII op Tim ATLANTIC- Tho United btates brig Dolphin has le-tuttied fiom her sounding, expedition. The depths [ weio taken by means of a small s long liny, with ti 82 lb shot attached. The deepest cast, when bottom wog obtained, »as 3,(180 fathoms, or 4J miles. The eui renta were obsei ved at the surface, and at the depth of ten and eighty fathoms ; and the tempern ture, at various depths, dom the stn face to COO fathoms. Some important geographical discoveries have also been made. IniibAxn.-The Roman Catholic Primacy, dismayed by the contempt with whirh the Holy Sec treated their former selection of the pàestsof thci diocese of Atmagh, have ugain gonn through the form of nominating one of their body to fill the ofHce of Pi ¡mate and Archbishop vacated by the translation of Dr Cullen to the metropolitan chair, with the brevet rank of Apostolic Beleg tte in Ire- land to the Court of Rome. There were titree candidates foi- the appointment, two of whom (Dis. Dixon and Kiornn) had been chosen oil the former occasion ns dignissimus and dignior, the third being Dr M-Nally, " Bishop of Cloghcr, a prelate who» nil til kitely had belonged to the now forgotten class of " moderates." almost the List of whom was peisonified by the lamented Archbishop' Mulray. Di-Cullen presided in his capacity of administiator nt the mooting of the clcigy, and having celebrated th.e solemn Digh Matts of the Holy Ghost, " his (anice" delivered a sermon, after which the elec- tion of his successor to the Primacy of all licland was proceeded with in the c.iihe drnl. Tho ceremonial having been con- cluded, a somtiny of the votes was entered into, which gave the following results Dignissimus-The Very Rev. Dr Dixon... 21 Dii/nior-The Veiy Rev Dr Kicr.ui. It) Li'gnus- The Veiy Rev. Dr AI'Nally, Bishop of Cloghcr . 7 Dr Dixon holds one of the Piofcssorships in the Royal College of Maynooth.-Times, August 7. 