CITY COUNCIL. We are not going to take up the time of our readers by treating them to any dissertation on City Council politics ; nor do we intend to take any part in that very curious question which Councillor Weekes brought forward on Monday last. On the whole we are at the nresent moment not a little pleased to perceive the Council at loggerheads amongst themselves. Then disorder is opportune ; as the Legislative Council is now open, it is possible that attention 'may be drawn to the unhappy state of affairs presented by our municipal representatives — anything new it certainly is not — but interesting at this time it certainly is ; because, the public have an opportunity of shewing to the Legislature a specimen of the incongruous elements which they have congregated together in York-street to manage the affairs of the City, and the highest perfection — always excepting the - " Upper House " — of the possible attainments in the way of an administrative or legislative body that a twenty pounds franchise can manufacture or effect for us. The humiliating scene upon Monday will not be soon forgotten : but, lest our readers may not see, exactly, how the land lies, it may be useful for us to point out the true state of the case. It will be none the worse — if it is none the better — of our assistance ; and as we hold it to be a good maxim to help the lame dog over the stile wherever we find him, we have the less delicacy on the present occasion of shewing his points off to advantage. If the publie can stand it, we will briefly put the facts before them ; not in the language of the resolutions, but in our own ; as we believe we have a peculiar facility of occasionally condensing or compressing the ideas of other people who either cannot or will not express them tor themselves.. They are as follows. The Executive (including, of course, Mr. Wentworth, who is the stang of their trump) when they altered the , Corporation act thought that there could be no danger of always having a butcher Mayor in the civic chair ; but seeing that his influence was in a certain degree abridged by the disposal of the public money coming through the Council, — as a body they resolved on giving the Mayor the prerogative of Paying, on emergencies, debts due by the Corporation. The Butcher Mayor withdraws, and the Lawyer Mayor takes his place. Wherein is there any change of circumstances ? We may mention that the change was a sore one for the Executive. It was a direct insult, in fact, to send a lawyer to represent the citizens instead of a butcher; and therein we presume the shoe pinches ; but what could have induced the explosion of virtuous indignation on Monday, which hid been so long bottled up without expelling its cork, we are at a loss to divine, unless upon principles of common sense. Let us see then how it stands. Mr. Weekes, Mr. Thornton, and Mr. Roberts were at the last election disappointed candidates for Aldermen's gowns. They had never had an opportunity for revenging themselves for their lack of luck, which they attributed to the active opera tions of the friends of Mr. Thurlow, and seizing the first opportunity which presented itself they determined to attack the power with which the Mayor was invested of paying away the money which was justly due and owing by the Corporation. No doubt that power was too great. — The Mayor never denied that. He was always of opinion that the exercise of it was dangerous and very prudently used it only when he was compelled. His opponents never accused him of doing so wrongfully or of Daying anybody who was net justly entitled to be Daid, but they thought that the best way of effer vescing their pent up indignation against the Mayor would be to attack him on a general principle, but at the same time to make that attack subservient to their private animosity, and, therefore, they resolved — not to get an alteration of the law — but to get an order from the Council to stop the Mayor's drafts on the City Treasurer, and thus by limiting the sphere of his usefullness to make a tool out of a block which their ingenuity could not shape otherwise into their own fashion.. That was " the dodge.'.' We could wish that we had nothing more to say of it. But if we let it pass here we would only be cheating the public. We desire nothing more than to shew that the people who are in this Council are not fit to be there, and to do this we need only refer to our report of their proceedings. ' As instances see how pertinaciously Mr. Weekes perseveres in bringing his motion towards a vote after he knew that it could never be put ! How silly he must have looked when he told the Council that he had been. cheated out of his reply? How bad taste it was of Mr. Roberts, exasperated no doubt by defeat, exclaiming against the Mayor merely because he saw that Mr. Weekes' " dodge " was defeated and persisting in bis opposition when he knew that it must be fruitless ; when he knew in fact that he was pulling up hill against a dead certainty of coming down by the run ? Was it not bad on the part of Mr. Piddington to insist on the debate proceeding when his own chairman had decided upon its irregularity and its consequent suppression? Could there have been anything more silly — to say the least of it? Why should Alderman Egan have stood up, and,— despite of all the intimations he received, that further opposition was fruitless — exclaimed, " we shall have a division." " We shall have it our way." " We are not to be " beat." " We wont be put off ?" Why should Mr. Thornton cry out that, " he had been cheated, that " he was over- reached," that his " party was not able for the Mayor," that, " they were all sold," that, they were dupes, that, they were dished, and — diddled ? And why did all the parties who spoke 011 the same side persevere in having a Minute of the proceedings regular and irregular put upon record, contrary to the rules they had drawn up for their own guidance and which they had over and over again declared were immutable, in order that unnecessary discussion in the Council might be repressed ? The only answer that can be given is at hand. Everybody that we have conversed with is of one opinion. — They were "most terrible mufis." Now, it occurrs to us that something must be done, (or rather should be done ; for we expect no change, for the better for many a long day) to correct this state of affairs; and we can see no cure for it, but the reduction of the franchise to a household qualification, or the total abolition ot an institution which long as it has been planted has never matured good fruits or given any evidence of its growing in grace in any one respect. If we are to have " muffs " let us have them in their perfection.- Let us have the greatest muffs if they must needs be ; but do not pother us with make-shifts. We would rather have some of the real thing than the sham thing. We are so sick of shams that we would infinitely prefer Joe Raphael himself to Joe Raphael's Ghost. 