MELBOUBNB. Mems. from the Mount.— The postal au thorities (it Melbourne are at last throning off their somnolency, and the first symptom of their being actually awake niter so long a dormant state is the establishment of a post Irom the bend post-uffiee at Forest Creek, to the Bendigopost direct. 1 his is one step iu the right direction, and deserves due praise. A remarkable circumstance has occurred here this week : a «ouian named Conrov has just ar rived on the diggings Irom Adelaide by the overland route ((iilU miles), which she walked every inch by herself! in seaivh of her long nhseiit husband, from whom she bad not beard for four months past ; but the poor woman has been unuble to find him out yet- In the mean time she is located at the butcher's shop, near to Williams' Bturc, Upper Golden Gully. Any party st eing this, nnd knowing the man Conroy, would oblige the poor woman by sending her word of his whereabouts. I mention the following circumstance with the sinccrest pleasure, as snowing in a strong light the nature of the class of men we hare abound us as diggers :— A poor fellow lately ar rived on the diggings of the name of John Jones, became ill of a rheumatic ferer this week, and having no money to obtain medical assistance, and unable to work, was of course in ft sad dilemma ; however, a neighbour came over to me to draw up a subscription paper for the poor man, stating his distress. Well, nest day, at noon, the same man came back and told me thnt be had collected £\G Is. 9d. among his neighbours for Jones, and bod also obtained an order to get him into the Melbourne Hospital, so the invalid went down to Melbourne in a cart this morning. Such an instance as this speaks volumes. How to pay money to parties in Melbourne, by persons resident on the diggings, and with ail due safety, is often a puzzle to the uniniti ated. If they send money by a private hand going to town, he may neglect doing so; il they send it by post, it may be stolen, with half a dozen other similar surmises. There is one plan, however, which does snay with all this fear and surmising of something going wrong arid the plan is : if a party on the digging* bas no banker's account, let him go to some re spectable stojekeeper, and pay his money to them, get a cheque from the storekeeper on his bank in Melbourne for the amount of money he gives in, the cheque to be made payable to bearer. On obtaining tbe cheque it must be crossed with the name of the bank where tbe party who resides in town bas bis banking ac count. This may then be closed in a letter and sent to town per poBt with perfect safety, for once crossed witii the bank's name, it is of no use to any one at all but the party it is intended for in town. Indeed, a small branch bank up here from the main bank in town, would, if for the purpose only of facilitating with complete safety remittances to parties in Melbourne or elsewhere, - be invaluable to tbe diggers, aud save many an anxious thought in forwarding money to their agents, families, or relations. I have listened often to discussions, disputes, and arguments as to what extent of ground a party of two or three or four can work at the diggings. To settle the matter somewhat de finitely, I may mention that a party of two can claim eight feet by sixteen feet, and a party of four can claim sixteen feet by sixteen feet, that is to say superficial measurement. Notwithstanding the very serious and vicious state of things at Bendigo, the Government Commissioners have there little or no protection for the great quantity nf gold deposited with them for remittance to town by the escort. In the tent of Mr. Cominitsioner Gilbert there will be sometimes five hundred weight of gold deposited, with himself and a constable only to protect it t while for all this people will be coming to him and begging and entreating him to take care of their money and other property for fear of their being robbed. So insecure is property from the numerous dangerous vilUins in that locality that a strong police force is urgently required One must live and sleep on their firearms for personal safety, leaving alone tbeir property. I have just heard that on Sunday last a melancholy accident occurred at the Bush Inn during tlie late rise of tbe Creek there. A man name unknown, in attempting to cross on horse back «as carried away aod drowned ; he had, they say, jC800 in cash on him at the time. As every one possessing the least forethought and intending to winter it here, is buisily erecting either slab or stone huts — (slab ones being the favourite sort) the stringy bark trees have undergone a terrible handling in cutting tbe bark off them, as high as a man can con veniently reach with the axe ; the consequence is that where these trees have grown in nn ex tensive cluster, the deep dark bnwn colour ol the bark left untouched above, and also a foot from tbe ground, presents a most curious con trast to the white inside trunk now exposed to view, where tbe bark has been cut off in a round sheet. I pasted such a cluster to day— and really they looked like so many ghosts — the effect to tbe eye was novel in the extreme; of course this plan will kill many hundreds of the giants of the forest. 