To the Elitor of the Ge!!nj Adrertiser and Intelliyneer. Srn,-There is an old fable, and I think a very good one; It runs thus :-" A Dervise was walking one day in a garden, and picking up a piece of earth, he said, ' What art thou, for thou charmest me 1 with thy perfun:e' 'I am,' said the ndariferous earth, 'but a clod; but I dwelt some time with the rose."' And I have thought that, if Earl Grey had any of the feelings of a moralist-to say nothing of the philosopher or the gen-. tleman--he would ncrer do such violence to the feelings of people who, though distant a few thousand leagues from the British shores, yet possess as keen a relish for goodness, and as much principle of self-respect as ever they did. ' Evil communications corrupt good manners; and there are very many of us iwho can spare time from the often vexa tious business of life, to think and to feel a regard for the moral as well as physical welfare of the dear pledges of alct-on growing about the mother tree; an? it touches us to the core, whe:1 any man even if it is an English gentleman throws his withering scowl upon that which forms a claim scarce second to none on earth. Earl Grey may think himself very wise and very good; and, surrounded by the beauty of the drawing-room and the treacherous flattery which is thrown about everything in his peculiar sphere, may lay his soul to sleep in the sophistry of his own creation; yet he can't own the soul of a true Briton-he deserves not the repsect of a trte Briton; but he will have the well-merited hate and in [ di-nation of every true Briton, for the i sermnalons comnapnrism, of convicts steeped to thue li?s in erhne, with those sent out by nis ow ConCemmiioners, under the ausnices of free emirration. .But sir, if his comparison were just, who is to blame? TIs it not a fact, patent to all, that, to apply for an emigration i order, with anything but the working and poorest habit on, is almost in every eage fatal to the application at Westmin ster and other places. And again; de-i daring.aswedo, the comparisonnsa lyingn libellous and seandalous one, almost with out a parallel, is it not also a gratu!t:as insult to the ministers of all denonina tions, whose signature of one or the other, or of magistrates, are essential to the en dorsementof the e-ndidates' papers. But supposing those emirants had proved bad, surety an uncenvictel man is a shade above the murderer, the burglar and the commonpest of society surelyhe deserves more respect than to be placed cheek by jowl, he of the blood-red tinge -the callous, the hardened reprobate-c as a comarnion at the farm, the store, or at the digin's. But Earl Grey as good as says--" There yon vile emigrant, you onuht to have, been transportel; but go; here is your freedom ticket; you go in a different ship to hint of the snl!en brow and villanons face. but he shall join you; and 'twill be 'hail fellow well met'." And Britain's ruardian angel weeps at the sight. "The hold peasantry, theiri country's pride," disappear, and eventa ally m et the Demon of Vice, as Brutus' I stalwart ghost died at Phillipi. And he is a gentleman, is Lord Grey. f But is he a father? Does he know any thing of the cardinal viries ? Are there not crimes as deadly-at which the judge casts not his ken-that is too, too subtle for the talons of the law to lay hold of ? Is there not wickedness in high places ? ay; is not Earl Grey the centre of a system of deeds of darkness and crime, as: injurious as any recorded in the New gate Calendar? And power lends to power : one de-; partment aids and defends another, for. its own strength and advancement; right, sacred right and justice, are elbowed on one side. The game proceeds, but it re mains to the colonists to say whether their dearest'interests shall be the shut tlecock. When the crisis arrives, we shall shout en emphtatic negative to Earl, Greys proposition; for, as a poet ob serves-" we love our own shops and barns better than his house." I believe, 1[r. Editor, the general feel ing, with the people of this country, is a! love to the institutions of fathrlan--i the feeling Ohth a detifil son would hlve to a parent kind alnd jiliieitdii. But all the world knoys that when the son comes, of age, he looks out if so be he can better: himisalf; and lng ere that, Ihow often is it the case that cruelty, neglect, &ec.;, lhas induced an entire separation; autho rity on one side 4as been properly dee.s pised, and obedience rendered uinneces sary. 'Tis thus with the colonists, when I the PARENrTAL (?) divine right of kings interfere with the liberty of the subject, 'tis then " When Greek meets Greek, then comes the tug of rar." At a late meeting, in reference to the condnct of Earl Grey, physical force was alluded to. Penn would have said, " Brethren, this looks unto murder." But, Mr. Editor, this seems to be the question : which is to perish ?--te man date of the autocrat of the colonial de partment-filled,as it is, with all manner I of mischief, - r the dearest priilegecs of freeborn British subjects? "hlonour," says Addison, " is the law of kings"'; but if perjury occupies its seat-if false hood and treachery succeed the bland de claration of good-will; then we say 'tis time to "awake, arise, or be for ever fallen." But alas ! where is the George Wash. ington of the Australian Colonies? Nay, stay! He will appear when the dire emergency rises; and the combat will soon deepen, determinate and culminate; and years hence we may have to say, as has been said in reference to the first; President of America, and what was written of the Duke of Marlborough - As ihen an angel, by dirvine command, When ra-?·ir turmoil shakes a distant land, Pl?ussel the Almighty's oeners to perform. Rides on the whirlwind and directs the storm. S. T. ewtotwn. 