ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE DEMORALIZING TENDENCY AND EFFECTS OF GOLD SEEKING. CTo The Editors of the Freeman's Journal, j wfcNTLBMBN,— mat is a wise old 'saw' 'None are so blind, as those who. wont see'-^None so deaf, j as those who wont hear'— And this appears to be' very appropriately applicable' to the case of the Herald newspaper, in its notice, of the reproof ad ministered in a recent number of y»ur journal. That widely- circulated and respectably conduct*! periodical had rendered; itself amenable to the' tri- I bunal of public opinion, and you have pronounced sentence on the charge of inconsistency, and in difference to the interests of morals and the conse quent social advancement of the colonists, in re lation to the gold discovery. ilis complaint of the undue severity- of the [ verdict; and his defence against the charge alto gether is based, upon a denial that dishonesty, profligacy, and the other views, by. which our society is injured, have been multiplied or mag nified by the pursuit of gold-hunting which has become so overwhelming lyprevaleiit. jls it possible that gentlemon of upright intention, can prepare for the compilation of such a daily journal as the Sydneg'Moniriti Herald, either bv f.hmV ««;;; ? .' I , .. , *. ? J — »»%!??* v'Ul UUl' I sonal scrutiny and observation or by the attentive perusal of other records of information, and yet remain ignorant, of the torrent of vicious pro pensities and indulgence, which has ever rushed in (amongst people eager for the sudden acquisition of 'gold? Are they unapprized, or unmindful of the disgiace by which Spanish history is Wotted in its first transaction's in Peru ? Can they affect levity n acknowledging the diwrgination, anarchy, and* misrule of the new auriferous Californian , State? As, 1 have hinted before, do they shut their eyes as they travel ourroaas, or traverse our streets, And then wont see the signs of .profligate dehauchery, which abound? Do they close their ears, to be deaf to the reports of robbery, and outrage, which the public tribunals and correspondent made known? Why in this very morning^ Heldld, (strange contradicting) is a communication headed ^Victoria Diggings' which contains, these phrases, 'nothing but the most continuous activity will check an evil, thaf will speedily sweli itself to an extent that would destroy ... the last ruins, that remain of the: social, fabric;' iandagain 'in a few months the' ghosts of famished hundreds will call for judgment, while the execrations of ruiued thousands, will ringm their ears (the governments) and bid them to a fearful reckoning.' ??;.:.' Yet, for the purposes of their repelling the .charge brought against them,, as discreetly intro duced, in your benevolent admpnitions,, all these things the proprietary of the Herald. ..?''.'. ?. :. 'Would pass by like a summer's cloud un heeded.' Oh ! fie upon it ! '\Vil* . : ?--???? '?-,»;?. -^ ;:Q3--.i;'--- r..:':. yJATOR.'-.v, 