The Capture of the Sea Serpent. TUNE--"Giles Scroggin's Ghost." (THE SERPENT'S HEAD IS SUPPOSED TO SING.) Behold! good people here I am; Time out of mind you've heard of me, But always counted me a Sham-- A mere chimæra of the sea. By Phantasm Captains oft I've pass'd, Careering o'er the briny vast; However, I've been caught at last, As sure as e'er was any flea. Who this exploit was to achieve, Possibly may have been foreknown; The hero could be, you'll believe, A bold American alone. That mighty nation, which is said, In everything to go a-head, May boast of having kill'd me dead-- Ay, dead as any stone. Charles Seabury, master of the ship Monongahela, southward bound-- A vessel on a whaling trip-- Will for my capture be renown'd; On January's thirteenth day, In the Pacific as I lay, All unsuspiciously at play, 'Mid the billows I was found. I, living quietly afloat, Little aware that foes were near; They stole up to me in a boat, And darted into me a spear. At first I knew it not: but soon Became aware of that harpoon Lodged in me by the Yankee loon, And felt considerably queer. The Captain as he made his lunge, I hand knocked overboard outright; Three of the crew did also plunge Into the sea for very fright. This, at the time I did not know, But dived into the deep below-- About a mile and an eighth, or so; Very nearly, if not quite. Of course, I took that length of rope, Down, down beneath the ocean wave; You'll think I had a liberal scope; But, ah! my bacon 't wouldn't save. All faint with loss of blood and pain, Seeking the surface of the main, They came, and poked at me again; How very cruel to behave! They fancied they had killed me "slick," Seeing me all so quiet lie; When dying, I began to kick, Which caused them speedily to fly; And then, at a safe distance, those Tarnation loafers, I suppose, Look'd on, and viewed my mortal throes; At last, I did in earnest die. They measured me; and vowed by Heaven! By General Washington! they swore I was a hundred and three feet seven, By full forty-nine feet four! With ninety-four teeth in my jaws, And all as sharp as any saws; I likewise had a sort of paws-- All which I never knew before. They've saved my head, my bones and skin, Which Mr Bornum, of course, will show, Who never takes the public in, As all the universe must know. But though my skin with spears be drill'd, And after that with wadding fill'd, I calculate I'm "scotch'd, not kill'd," As peradventure, time will show. \--Punch. 