AUSTRALASIAN LEAGUE. THE SYDNEY MEETING. ON Tuesday evening, the 6th April, a public meeting of the members of the Australasian League took place in Malcolm's Circus, York-street, for the purpose of taking into consideration the lately expressed determination of Earl Grey to continue Transportation to Van Diemen's Land. -The. Circus was filled with a highly intelligent and orderly assembly of persons, who, by the deep interest they evinced in the proceedings of the meeting, displayed their continued earnestness in. the Anti-Transportation. CHARLES COWPER, Esq., the President of the League, having taken the Chair, and introduced the business of the Meeting, by calling upon the Secretary to read the minute of Mr. King the Victorian Delegate i its London ),-sahMt seemed indeed as if that the paper had been sent to them by the special intervention of Providence.; for this paper had' reached Van Diemen's Land by a ship which had made a remarkably quick passage, and thence been Immediately despatched to Melbourne, and had arrived in Sydney only that very morning. Many members of the Council of the League > had previously some doubt whether it would be right to call the members of the League together in public meeting until they were furnished with some more minute and authenticated particulars of Lord Grey's intention and conduct than had been famished in the short and hasty letter of the London Correspondent of the Council. They were now furnished with these particulars, and unfortunately they afforded but too much reason for the course the Council had taken. One of the principal reasons for calling them together on this occasion was, that in Clio pressing extremity of the circumstances had been resolved to hold a - Conferences! the League at Hobart Town, and he had made preparations to depart for that place in a few days. It was to enable him to convey to that almost despairing-that almost heart-broken colony, the assurance of the deep sympathy of the people of New South Wales, in the despondency which now overshadowed them, that this meeting was called; and he was sure they would now, with sincere keen and ready voices, assert their determina- tion to assist their oppressed brother colonists, and to light this battle with them. , (Great cheering-) He repeated, this battle of Transportation must be fought, and they must join in lighting it. (Cheers.) He was not a man who, under ordinary circumstances, liked the word fight ; but even in resisters necessity if they were compelled to fight against this unnatural and intolerable oppression, they would not shrink from their duty. (A loud and enthusiastic burst of cheering.) Uni although there was much used imminent danger before them although they had an arduous, perhaps a fierce struggle to go through, still they had much to encourage them in that struggle, and they could not afford now to sit down and indulge that depression and silent indigna- tion which they must feel. They must remember that their past efforts had not been without effect. Already the Order in Council making New South Wales a penal colony had been revoked. Their own peculiar grievances,'' so far as it directly affected them, was at an end. They must remember, too, that one of the main grounds, relied on by. Earl Grey and his supporters was, that the" colonists were not united on this question. These dif-' ferenves were now fortunately at end. The circumstances of the colony had changed during the last year,, and now those who formerly were the strongest support- era in transportation. Attendant that the, time, was come Min i. ......Y.Kc in the policy of the English minister was absolutely necessary. ( Cheers. ) Another favourable circumstance was, that they were now supported in this movement by the English press. ' Until lately the press of England had been much against the colonists on this question. They were uninformed on the subjects and their ignorance led them to wrong conclusions- Now however, they had been enlightened on the subject, and the leading newspapers and journals of Great Britain were nearly unanimous in protesting against the injustice of making these colonies the cesspools of the crime of the mother country. - Great cheering.) They ought also to derive much encouragement from the fact that a large body of the most influential men of -Great Britain, - comprising many Peers of the Realm, and many distinguished Members of Parliament, had associated together for the purpose of promoting the interests and redressing the grievances, of these colonies; and one of their principal aims was to rid the colonies of this clinging curse of transports, lion. With this respectable and influential body of men, the Council of the League was in constant and' unreserved correspondence, and it was impossible that this unity's operation could go on long without' having a powerful effect on the policy of the English Government. They would arouse the English Parliament and people to a true sense of this question, and its bearing on Imperial as well as Colonial interests. They would show that if convicts were to be sent to Van Diemen's Land for the express purpose of afterwards dispersing themselves through these gold-regions-not only would grow oppression and injustice be committed on the colonists, but the convicts themselves would be looked upon as a favoured class, and the result would be additional crime, and expense to the people of: England, (Cheers ) Another source of congratula- tion and encouragement was to be found in the upright and consistent course adopted by the various local Legislatures. Some of these local Legislatures had met for the first time, but they had all, and that of Van Diemen's Land especially, done their duty nobly in this matter. -Theyliud declared with one voice they would not have convicts, that they would not barter their moral and social well-being for any material advantages which might accrue from the detested system. If Lord Grey then were sincere, in asking the Legislative Assemblies of the Colony to express their feelings, he must very soon know beyond all doubt that those solemn voices of the various communities have declared against him. If, in the face of these deliberate expressions of the opinion and determination of the | colonists, Bari Grey would persevere in -his unjust and iniquitous policy, they must resort to other means to free themselves from a tyranny so oppressive. He would yield to no man in love and loyalty to the Queen. But there was a loyally superior to the loyalty to the sovereigns loyalty to themselves-to their own duties as Christians, and as men a loyalty to their wives and their children; and in the true spirit of this loyalty they were bound to resist to the death the curse of transportation. '( Pierre eme cheering. ) MR. LAMB, Al.I,.C.,then moved the first Resolution, which was as follows: That, so long as Van Diemen's Land continues oppressed by Transportation, all the other Colonies of Australasia are bound by sympathy and generosity, as well as impelled by self-interest to aid in her deliverance from this clinging curse; and this meeting solemnly pledges itself to unite with and assist the Tasmanian Colonists in their efforts to obtain its entire abolition. " 1 II the course of his observations, the hon gentleman remarked she was not- the first time that the Minister had insulted and injured the colonists. 'It was not the first time that he had boldly asserted that the free and untainted immigrant population of the colonies was no better than the convict element, with which it was his I earnest desire and single wish to inundate them, and he called on every immigrant and every son of an im- 1 migrant in these Australasian Colonies to repudiate this gross and insulting slander with the scorn it deserved. a ( Loud cheers, and yells for Earl Grey. ) This was the language the Minister had addressed to the Parliament of Great Britain, and it was to such calumnies alone that was to be attributed the apathy of that body in redressing their grievances. But the time was now come when these insidious misrepresentations must be exposed. Through the unremitting exertions of the League, and of their friends in England, the merits of this question were now being made apparent, and the press of Great Britain was for the first time ready to do justice to the claims of the colonists. The Legislature of Van Diemen's Land too had done its -duty nobly." He also said:- The warmest friends of the transportation system, under the altered circumstances of the colony, turned round upon the policy of the Minister. But the Minister, with a dogged obstinacy that could not be- moved, found in this very discovery of gold a reason why he should send more convicts to Van Diemen's Land than heretofore. The strange perversity of the Minister seemed to increase in proportion to the number of the obstacles which arise to the exercise or his headstrong and arbitrary will. That such a man should have the control of these dependencies of the English Crown was a most unfortunate circumstance. The case of these colonies was a deplorable and unhappy one. Much as they might wish-and none could wish more earnestly than he did to preserve their connexion with the Crown of Great Urbain connexion he believed alike advantageous and dignified both to the colonies and the parent country- side, under a policy like this, regardless of the feelings and interests of the people here, the hour of separation, bitter and angry separation, must sooner or later arrive. (Cheers, and cries of 'the along the better.") No ; he could not say the sooner the better. Let England change her policy. his land of harshness and oppression, let her treat her colonies with kindness and justice, and than it would be better for all parties that Australia should still be allied to her The Ven. ARCHDEACON M'ENCROEseconded the resolution in a powerful speech. MR. S. KEMP said that, as a delegate from these Colonies, wishing to impress on Her Majesty's Minis- tern the fearful consequences likely to arise from the system of transportation to these colonies being persisted in, he could not use a more powerful argument than to draw their attention to the three speeches which they had just heard. (Hear.) Here were three gentlemen of different pursuits, different turn of mind, and different kinds of education, all expressing their anxious fears that unless a change in Her Majesty's councils take place, a serious collision would occur between the parent state and the colony (Cheers). These gentlemen are well known to the colonists as peaceable citizens ; they are not mere factious demagogues, but express the real sentiments which they feel, and would not do so unless they felt themselves imperatively called upon. Every one knew that a more peaceable man that their worthy Chairman did not exist in the colony; the gallant officer who moved the first resolution had in his early life fought for his King and country, and would doubtless do so again 'if called upon, while the seconder was by profession and education a preacher of peace and yet these three gentlemen all saw the same result shadowed forth. (Hear,) He also said When their Chairman returned from Van Diemen's Land to report the proceedings of the Conference, he thought they might call a meeting, and petition the Legislature to pass a resolution that they would not, after this year, vote any money (cheers) until the transportation question is satisfactorily settled This would be follow using the precedent set by Van -Diemen's Land and by giving H year's notice they would allow they were not actuated by a desire to impede the Government, but by a determination to loathe question settled. Hear) Alluding to this talked Of separation of Moreton Day for transportation purposes, he remarked that an appeal to Parliament would be necessary, and then the whole convict question would be Opened, and, thanks to the League, there are many friends in Parfiuineut who understand the whole matter. (Hear, hear). Van Diemen's Land required their sympathy in many ways. When the sentiments of the colonists here were unequivocally ex pressed, Sir Charles Fits Roy at once advised that the system should be discontinued. His Excellency Sir William Denison, however, pursues a different course. It was but a few days since that the Legislative Council of Van Diemen's Land was prorogued; he had trousseau His Excellency's speech, but he was aware that in allud- ing to the measures of the session be had expressed his deep sorrow at the address against autUtranspoitation which had been agreed to. Oh, oh). From all. he could ascertain, the colonists of Van Diemen's Land required their sympathy for having over them a Governor, one who, with doubtless the best intentions, acted us perversely and obstinately us the noble Secretary of of State himself. MR G. K. HOLDEN moved the 2nd Resolution. "That this Meeting records the warm expression of its admiration and respect for the patriotic representative members of the Van Diemen's Land Legislature in the noble stand which they have taken on this impor. taut and vital question." In doing so he observed, " I recognize in the recent proceedings of the Tasmanian Legislature, as well as in those of this colony, evidence of the rapid advance of this League in its constitutional and hitherto peaceful struggle. and I will even venture to^say'.(despite of the wicked provocation given by Earl Grey to a breach of the peacetime earnest of our speedy and bloodless' triumph. The justice of our cause has been pourtrayed by means of the League in sunbeams, and by a sudden intervention of Providence it has been emblazoned in letters of gold. We have carried its light to every colonial hustings, and into every hull of colonial legislation. We are now conveying it through the British Press to the British people and Parliament; and, although the last place it may reach may be the dark purlieus of Downing-street, the mole-eyed Belshazzar who rules there may yet see the ghost of this League writing before him on the wall, " Aisne moue Tekel iipbnrsin."-<Thy kingdom Is departed Mr. Holden reviewed the state of feeling upon the convict question, and remarked that some were yet found hankering after the loaves and fishes of the convict system, and expectant of the lion's share of com- missariat carried. He scouted in-strong terms the separation project, and said that there was little doubt that up to the last moment Earl Grey was imbued by his Tasmanian private advices with the hope of a re- a motion against inn League among Tasmanian runners, '. in consequence of the drain or labour to the Australian gold mines, and of securing thus a subservient majority in the new legislature. Referring to the resolutions carried in the Tasmanian Legislature on motion of Mr. Sharland, and the last of Mr. Gregson's resolutions, Mr. Holden observed:-" When these resolutions reach England, and with them the corresponding protests of all the Australian Colonies, and when they shall be sub- j called to the British Legislature, then, and not till then, may we consider the question between these colonies and the home government as fairly at issue. 'Until our appeal to the British nation and Parliament has absolutely failed, I for one will refuse to transfer the indignation which the loathsome tyranny of Earl Grey has excited in my bosom to the yet venerated name of England I" MR. NORTON seconded the resolution. He alluded more particularly to the duties of the repre- - sentatives and the electors, and to the results of the Canadian struggle. He dwelt upon the importance of the control of the<Land Kind, and the territorial revenues, considering that if these rights were obtained the Government would be anxious to listen to the voice of their representatives, instead of showing them constant and determined hostility. MR. W. R. PIDDINGTON supported the resolution in an able and effective speech. MR. R. CAMPBELL, M.L.C , moved the third Resolution : " That the determination avowed by Earl Grey to the Victoria Delegate, Mr. King, on the 25th November last, to persist in transportation to Van Diemen's Land, and to separate MoretonUay from New South Wales, for penal purposes, in breach of his repeated promises, demands the indignant reprobation of this meeting and they bind themselves, by all they hold dear and sacred, to resist to the uttermost an oppression so desolating, hereby solemnly protesting that the responsibility for all consequences will remain with their oppressor.'' -It was now time to show sympathy to their friends in Tasmania by actions rather than by words. Action now would tell more strongly than the brilliant speeches. * (Cheers ) He asked them now to pass this resolution, but he would rather that they should not pass it, if, by doing -so, they did not not mean something more than mere words. He trusted they were prepared, if called on, to enter into this contest, caused by the unworthy subterfuges of the unworthy servant of their beloved Sovereign, to do their duty as men and Britons, proud of the birthright and heritage of freedom which had been bequeathed to them by their forefathers. If all these petitions, these memorials, these remonstrances, were to be disregarded If the doors or justice and of national affection were to be closed against them, they must do what their own people had done before them assert their rights, and maintain them against every hardship, every cruelty, even against death itself. If all the prayers of the colonials were to be di regarded if every interest of these colonists was to be crushed by the tyrannical will of a Minister, let the people show to that Minister that they will not submit to such injustice and indignity. Let the colonists of Van Diemen's Land seize the very next floating pest house that arrived In their harbour, and turn its inmates back into the waters. (Cheers.) MR FLOOD, M.L.C, seconded the resolution. He thought that the thanks of generations yet unborn would he given to the public spirited managers of the League for their patriotic conduct in this great and vital struggle. (Cheers,) He would only allude to one class of the population in this colony, in reference to which he had a few allott observations to make-he meant the emancipists of this colony and their children. Far be it from him to say one word in disparagement of that class of colonists; he only wished he could see more of them members of the League, for the League were in truth fighting their battles. Only a few days ago in the Supreme Court, in the CASO of Devine v. Wilson, a gentleman who had for thirty years past held an honourable post in the colony, and discharged the duties of his office faithfully and with credit to himself during these thirty years, was asked if he remembered for what he had been brought to this colony. Now, were they to be bounded in this way till they got to their graves ? (Loud cheers ) Were they to be perpetually reminded of those errors for which they had already paid the forfeit their country ? (Cheers.) Had they not suffered enough and had they not since their emancipation redeemed their characters, and regained the place in the society of their fellow-men which they had loaf And were they to be eternally subject to be taunted with things which had long passed away? (Cheers.) Where was the emancipist who would not sympathise with the cause of the League and join heart and soul in preventing the renewal and perpetuation of such a state of things? (Cheers.) MR. GILBERT WRIGHT supported the resolution. Commenting upon the conduct of Earl Grey, be said they had been baffled, but not beaten. He spoke the words of hope and encouragement, and observed When they had Mihdued till old dragon Transportation (hear, hear), they would be in a posi tion to merit, as well as accomplish, if not the con«. cession, the conquest of all their constitutional (glut and liberties. (Cheers.) Their present combined hostilities would but discipline and train there to future victories I (Cheering). For there were other battles before them (Hear, hear.) They must not only wrest from Colonial Office tyranny His control of their Crown lands) but they must wring from h all tluuV ' other rights, administrative and legislative. (Cheers.) They must extinguish nomineeism. (Cheers.) All admire the masculine, and adore the feminine-but who does not abhor the neuter gender f (Laughter and cheers.) Now, nominees are neuters I (Laughter.) Political eunuchs-uiueseil senators-they must be squelched I (Immense laughter and cheers.) And) if the colonies were but true to themselves and toeaeW other, the day was not distant when all the things would be accomplished. (Hear, hear, and cheers)-. A nation like a man in his time, plays many parts, in acts being seven ages. (Laughter.) But yesterday they were An infant; Mewling and puking in the nurse's anger (Laughter ) To-day they rather resembled The soldier, Jealous in honour, sudden and quick in quarrel, (Cheers.) Seeking -'reputation aye, and indecent - dence, if requisite to " reputation" (cheers), Even at the cannon's mouth. (Great cheering.) As glory enamours, so does disgrace afflict. There is no anguish so abiding and are menacing as the sense of being dishonoured, (Hear.) A people must indeed be debased who could endure without gi ill and resentment to be down trodden and trampled upon by transportation. (Hear, hear.) To submit would be to approve themselves (to use the , language of John Mitton the lowermost, is most defected, the most underfoot of vassals." (Hear, hear.) MR. M. PARKES moved' the next resolution hit a stirring and eloquent address. He had come to the' meeting determined to put it to them whether the time had not arrived for the Van Diemen's Land colonists to resist the landing of the convicts. (Loud cheers.) He could see no other way to get rid of this cruel and desolating agitation. He therefore solemnly asked Hutt meeting, if they agreed with him that the time for the decisive action had arrived, with him to hold up their hands in the affirmative. ( Here the speaker held up his band and was responded to by the bands of nearly all in the body of the meeting ). This be accepted as a pledge of their honest and serious determination in the matter. In the name of that meeting be would request their respected delegate to convey to the colonists of Van Diemen's Land that the people of New South Wales were prevailed to stand by them in resisting the debarkation of any further importations of convicts on their (hates. The Resolution follows: " That the previous Resolutions be embodied in an Address, and that such on Address be presented by But President, in the name of this meeting, to the Tai. mummy Delegates at the Hobart Town Conference." MR. G. A. LLOYD seconded the resolution, and, in the termination of his address, remarked H wished some of the colonists of Van Diemen's Land were present to witness the cur neatness and unanimity which characterised this meeting and he only hoped the President would be enabled to carry away with him some portion of the warmth and ardour of their feelings. At all events, he would be enabled to assure "Van Diemen's Land that so long as a single line of her chain remained unbroken, no energies and no sympathies on the panel New South Wales shall be wanting to destroy it. (Loud cheers.) MR. COWPER, in declaring the resolution to be carried, would say that his arrangements were made to go down to Hobart Town, and he rejoiced that he should now be enabled to tell their noble-hearted friends there, that, in all sincerity and all truth, the hearts of the people of New South Wales were with them in determining to remove what was properly called in the resolutions this "whinnying curse" of the Australian colonies. MR. JOSEPH SIMMONS, having moved that Mr. Cowper do leave the chair, and that it be taken by Mr. Lumb, proposed, in a highly complimentary speech, that the meeting should acknowledge in three cheers-as warmly given as if they could be heard in Tasmania the services of their respected friend Mr. Cowper in the chair that evening, and for his untiring efforts in the cause. 'Three cheers were given with much enthusiasm.; and Mr. Cowper having expressed his gratitude, for meeting dispersed. 