internal ©otxesfpon&cnce.; To the Editor of the Colonial Times. MORE WORK FOR THE PROTESTANT ASSOCIATION. PUSEYISM FOR CHILDREN. SIR-I forward to you for publication a few extracts from Hymns for children by the Rev. J M. Neale, M.A., which are used in the Episcopalian Sabbath School, Richmond. " The Bible and the Church." (Infallibility ) " We bless thee that we are not left " To our misguided sense, " Of every other help bereft, " To draw thy will from thence. " But since false teachers will abound, " To load astray our youth, " Thou makes thy Holy Church the ground " And Pdlar of the Truth. " Thou promises she shall not fall ; " And where her voice was known *. Always-in every age by all " Her words must be Thine own. " O grant that we may ne'er prefer, " Through ignorance or pride, " Our vain imaginings to her " Thine own appointed guide. Last leaving her, we fall from thee, " And at thy statutes stuff; " And in the end our portion be " With those that are cut off. " Wide as the Church's voice shall spread, " To God all glory he " And, to the blessed Lord and Head " And, Holy Ghost to thee " " St. Andrew's Day's (Baptismal Regeneration and the sign of the Cross J " Since the time that first we came, " To receive the Saviour's name ; " We, His sons and servants now, " Have the Cross upon our brow. " Never let its mark grow dim ; " By it we are signed for him " Should it ever fade away, " Who can face the judgment day ? " Every bird that upward springs, *' Makes the Cross with both his * wings. " Wo without it cannot rise " From the earth, and reach the skies. " Every ship that meets the waves, " By the Cross their fury braves : " We, on this world's ocean tossed, i " If we have it not are lost. " St Thomas' Day. " The spirit's grace we cannot see, it That makes an infant whole; " And gives the water power to free , " From sin a guilty soul, "Ember: Week in Advent " Trunsu'jbtJHtijlion. " They bless the Cup ; the power is Tkina l " To make it Heavenly fond ; " Make Thou their hallow'd bread and wine " Chi it's very flush and blood. " The Annunciation or Lady Days" " Therefore the Church, from shore to shore, " Proclaims Her Blessed evermore t " The stem ol'Josso's promised Rod, " The mother of her Lord and God." * Some may be females. A PROTESTANT. 