MEETING OF THE LAITY OF THE | CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The Public Meeting of the Laity of the Church of England convened for the purpose of taking into consideration the petition to the Queen, I prepared by the Committee appointed at a preliminary meeting, on the subject of the condition of the Church of England in the Australian colonies, was held yesterday after ! noon in the Hall of the School of Arts. In spite of the inclement state of the weather about 150 gentlemen of the highest respectability were present. ; Captain DUMARESQ was unanimously called to the chair, and having returned thanks for the honour done him, and briefly referred to the objects of the meeting, proceeded at once to call on Mr. Darvall to move the first resolution. J. B. DARVALL, Esq., M.L.C., regretted that on an occasion so important, the in- clemency of the weather should have prevented the attendance of that numerous assembly of the members of the Church of England which would he was assured have otherwise taken place to discuss the very momentary questions which would be brought before them. But he felt convinced, small as the meeting was, their active, zealous, and conscientious exertions in the great cause in which they were engaged would not be without their effect. The resolution which he was now called on to propose was a very plain and very straightforward one. It was as follows: - I That, in the opinion of this meeting the Church of England in this diocese is not in that condition of efficiency best calculated to further the great objects of her I divine mission. The duty thus cast upon him-the duty which was cast on them in considering this resolution was of a most painful and humiliating nature It must be a matter of great pain, of deep j humiliation, to be obliged to confess that their Church was not now in that state of efficiency for the holy work (She was designed to fulfil, which she ought to be and that they should now be called on to assist her in maintaining the position in which she ought to be placed But painful as were the circumstances under which they now met in any case, they became doubl j so when they reflected that they had felt called on by their own consciences thus to meet in opposition to the clergy of their own Church that they were compelled to differ from their own clergy in matters of Church discipline and Church government The ne cessity of calling such a meeting as the present at all sufficiently pro, ed the statement made in the resolution-That the Church in this colony was not in a position efficiently to carry out the objects of her Divine mission to do this, the Church must be in a state of peace peace was the element in which their Church processed to live and move, but it was quite clear in the present day the Church in this colony was not at peace within itself When he spoke of the Church, he spoke of it in relation to all its cost per cent elements, each possessing equal ¡ owen, is the) possessed equal interests in one of these elements neither the Bishops, of the Church, the clergy of the last, could lay) claim to infallibility) All their acts of their duties all their doctrines must be submitted to the test of the revealed word of God The subject before them was then of the deepest of importance of equal importance to them all-it affected the eternal salvation of them all the Bishop was affected by it in no higher degree than the humblest lay man, and therefore the lay man on this question ought to be guided by conscience and conviction only But while they thus met under the imperative sense of duty he trusted they would not forget the Christian principles of charity, which ought ever to reign amongst them, and that however widely they might differ in principle from the Bishop of the diocese they would show that reverence and esteem for his pet), his year, and his learning and the self s ice flees he had made, which the) so fully deserved the present meeting was the result of the extravagant press is his of the Bishop to power and authority in the Church, and he trusted he should not wound the feelings of any of the friends of the Bishop who might be present, by the remarks he should make in respect to these pretensions He would «¿icldtono one in admiration of the Bishop p character in many) respects He looked upon him with deep respect for his Christian virtues, and he estimated it a high rate his learning and ability , but for his judgment, he nast candidly own to it it would be a mockery and a deceit to conceal that he had no faith in ltvvlutcver He believed that the want of judgment evinced by the Bishop in his conduct of the government if the Church in this colony had led him into faUl errors That he had by this means) introduced a schism into the Church, which had alunite to and would alienate many high-minded and sincere members of the Church It might not even now be too late for him to retract the steps he had taken and judging from his eh first ter it was possible that he might yet turn, and by uniting with the la) element of his Church turn its whole energies to the attainment of one object, the rendering her more efficient for the high purposes for which their Church was instituted He might yet pause in the step he had taken, and strive to con- ciliate the branch of the Church which he had slighted, and he must say that even now, at the eleventh hour, he thought that this was the course which the Bishop ought to take. It was very painful to trace the irritation which now prevailed against the Bishop to its source, but it was necessary to do so, in order that the question might now be understood. The sole origin was the inordinate love of power which actuated the Bishop in all matters connected with the Church over which he presided; power not to make men more religious, nor virtuous, or to magnify God, but to extend the power of one man because that man hapj ened to be a Bishop, over all those who happened to. adopt the same religious persuasion as himself It was not to improve the clergy, to make them more efficient, that this power was sought, it was not to improve the Bishop himself, or to make him more efficient, that this craving for power prevailed ; it was merely an effort to maintain a fiction of power, a power that could not, in reality exist-the control over men's minds and faith, against their conscientious convictions Tivy found that the minutes of the conference held by the Bishops of the province supported this view of the case, and in some of the neighbouring colonies, acting on those minute-, the Bishops had gone so far as to deny altogether the right of private judgment to the members of the Church of England. In these enlightened. times, when the Book of Knowledge is opened to almost all, he did think that enlightened men could never have endeavoured to uphold such a doctrine as this. It was a doctrine which had been; secured in England, and he did not expect to have seen it adopted in this growing part of the world. But what did they find the the case, they found the Bishop of a neighbouring diocese openly ridiculing the decision which had been arrived at on this very matter by the Ecclesiastical Court of the empire. No Court, no judgment was held in reverence-no decision was respected by Bishops who claimed control and dictation over the minds, opinions, and consciences of men in matters on which these men were as deeply interested as themselves. Admit this dangerous, this fatal doctrine, and no power on earth is left to check the authority, to re- strain the power thus given. The only re- source was to withhold the power, and this was the object of the present movement of the laity. There was no injustice, no cruelty which could not, would not be inflicted under this doctrine. The grossest tyranny had been exercised under the soundest ecclesiastical principles, and people had been burnt on both sides the question, by men who felt in their conscience they were doing right. (Cheers.) Well-in attempting to es- tablish a church of this dominant character here, the Bishops in conference adopted certain opinions, which were promul. 1 gated here and were sent home to receive the | sanction of the Church there, and he should presently show how these opinions were treated at home. The present movement had been called presumptuous, and they had many times been reproached for meddling with matters which they did not understand ; but he must say that the ecclesiastical authorities at home did not seem to have a very high opinion of the discretion of the high dignitaries of the Church here, as displayed in the minutes they sent home He hoped, in commenting on those jiM'JHtf 2., and the reception they met was, he should not be too severe ; that it was necessary that the truth should be spoken ; it was one of those occasions when delicacy must give way to justice, and private feeling to conscientious judgment. (Cheers.) He found by a record of proceedings in the House of Lords, that it appeared on the highest ecclesiastical authority which could be quoted, the English Bench of Bishops would have shrunk from the idea of relying on their own wisdom in the management of the Church against the convictions and opinions of the laity. His grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, speaking of the impropriety of members of the Church making a declaration of doctrine against the judgment in the Gorham case said -" I cannot so interpret the spirit of the age as to believe that the great body of the Church, laity or clergy, are prepared to restrict the liberty of opinion in matters hitherto undecided, which our forefathers have always enjoyed, and under which the Church flourished for three hundred years. We may speak here with confidence, for the experiment has been tried. For obvious reasons I avoid all allusion to any event which may have taken place at home. But the experiment has been tried in Australia. (Hear, hear.) A declaration such as I have alluded to was drawn up in October last by the Bishops of Australia, assembled in Synod and the same ship which brought home the particulars of the Synod, brought also the account of the effect which it had produced in one of the cases where it was first promulgated, which instead of concord, was dissension, where all had been previously peaceful. It had endangered the popularity of a Bishop who was universally and desired) esteemed, and the principal lady of the city had met together, and unanimously protested against a measure which they treated as an infringement of their liberty as Churchmen (Hear, hear ) If I do not feel any such result here, it is because I do not entertain any apprehension of the issuing of such a deal tritton And again, the Archbishop of Dublin, on the same question, stated -" I am far from desiring to obtain peace by means of a perpetual agitation I am averse to the cutting off of limbs continuing) I oe lieve that many of those who have been driven to desert the Church might have been retain d in her communion if they had been afforded some legitimate mode of making their complaints and wishes known I wish, however, to be distinctly understood as not advocating archives convocation, of a government of the Church by the clergy exclusives), which would be highly inexpedient and unjust The case of the Bishops of Australia, which had been cited in the course of the debate, was sufficiently explanatory) of the evil likely to ensue from any such mode of procedure Die Bishops of Australia had no more right to settle the forms and modes of worship than twenty) of their 1 rd ships had to issue laws for the government of the nation in the name of the Imperial Parliament I do not charge the Bishops at home, who are in favour of the revival of convocation, with a deane to assume undue power, but I conceive that the idea of their wishing to assume such power might very furU be entertained by the people " Thus they had the opinion of two of the wisest and most learned divines of their church condemning the proposition of the Bishops here , fleming their right to make Hw s or settle question in which were to regulate the government of the church in the colony. The attempt to pass canons and laws by the Bishops was here expressly) repudiated No doubt, in the days of King James, unders despotic monarch), a most ingenious church might succeed in carrying out this vicious mode of procedure, but, in those days, these c mons were neither rehad nor understood Not one man in a thousand could read in those days s, and were they to be bound in this enlightened age, we then almost every man was educated by the practice of an epoch of ty ranny and ignorance But he denied that the Bishops, whatever they might have done at any particular time, did possess an inherent authority to make these laws and canons, which should bind the members of the Church they had the word of God to look to, and before they could make any laws binding on all the members of the Church they must in the first instance make sure that those laws weight, and Bishops were fallible men a man has 15) men. He now came to the steps which had been taken in reference to this matter in this colony, and he must express his deep regret at those steps They were aware that the Bishop of this diocese did wish to have the supremacy of the Church here vested in the Bishop He regretted he should have endeavoured to carry this wish out persuaded as he was that even should the efforts of the Bishop be successful, and he should be in vested with the power he sought, the members of his communion here would never submit to it, and that in the fierce struggle that would ensue his Church would be torn to pieces. He feared agreed) that the very fear of such power as was now sought had driven many good and able men out of the Church Now what were the steps taken by the Bishop here He had called a meeting of his clergy, not uniting with them the Elders of the Church the representatives of the hut and in this close meeting he stated his views The whole of the parties to the meeting were entirely dependent, even for their daily bread, upon the will of the Bishop, and of course with one or two bright exceptions, they were unanimous in supporting his Lordships views Now let them mark what his Lordship stated at the meeting -"He might, perhaps, however, here properly say that in many of the resolutions which had been read there was an assumption which certainly was not well founded in the propositions put forth in the circular he had addressed to the clergy), he did not require either they or their parishioners to adopt any form of Church (jo vernment He had only put before them in the question whether it was desirable they should have a constitution of Church Government which would include in it the united body of the Church, consists of the Bishop, the Clergy, and the Last) Now the Bishop said that he did not require them to adopt any form of Church Government, when throughout the whole of the subsequent proceedings he obstinately insisted on his right of veto being maintained intact He suggested throughout one part of a constitution which the majority of the laity, it least, he fully believe 1 were determined not to have. Now, could the last), doing justice to their own consciences, consent to any compromise on a point so important as this in matters of civil government it might ] be sometimes expedient to give up some small rights for the paramount social good of all, but in matters of religious government there was no such necessity, nor was such expediency allowable. The layman who formed his opinion on these matters was equally responsible to the Great Head of the Church as the Bishop himself, these matters of conscience did not be- j come questions for the consideration of Three Estates, for they were matters which every man must determine for himself in settling Such questions, the authority asked for by the Bishop could have no analogy with any branch of the civil government. What was the Bishop - Did he represent the Commons or the body of the Church's did he even represent the limited authority of the House of Lords, It must be plain that he could not represent either of these. Did he then represent the Queen' No; for the Queen was moved only by her ministers, and the ministers were amenable " to the people of England through their representatives in parliament, while the power sought for by the Bishop was totally and unconditionally irresponsible. His lordship then went on to say " There was also another very great misapprehension into which the laity had fallen in some of the resolutions which had been sent up. In some of these resolutions it was proposed that a meeting of the clergy and of the laity should be called to consider a petition to her Majesty, and to frame such a constitution for her Majesty's guidance, as would be acceptable to the Church at large ; but to meet for such a purpose would be just to hold a synod or con- vocation, which they had not power to do, and which the object of the petition he had laid before them with his circular was to enable them to do. For his own part he must say, that he in his conscience believed most solemnly that he was prohibited from taking part in any such proceeding by but oath nor could he consent to evade that oath by coun- tenancing any such a convention of the clergy and Itipy, under any name which it might be thought proper to give to such a meeting.' He denied the right of the laity to do what ? -' to petition the Queen. And then he asked the clergy, to do -what to petition the Queen. Why, the right to petition the Queen was the right of every man. All men may meet for such a purpose, and may meet too upon a perfect equality. True there was no authority for the three estates of the Church meeting in their capacity as such, to petition the Queen, but in their individual capacity no one could deprive them of the right, or the Bishop of the right to preside, over any such meeting. He believed, in fact, the the right to control the Church, as assumed by the Bishop, even at present, was not a valid right, that it was mere pretension, and that the authority he now exercised, and had been permitted to exercise, was based on the affection of the Church only. The Bishop then went on to say, " They only went to induce them to consider the best means of obtaining permission to have a voice at all in forming the constitution of the Church. But if they now met with the laity to dilate the terms of that constitution, while as yet they had no lawful power in the matter, he did not believe either their terms would be accepted, or their petition heard." He did not think it was reasonable of the Bishop to imply that the laity wished to dictate to the Queen. They wished to dictate nothing ; they wanted only to ask something in which they might all concur with their Bishop and clergy. He thought, in a matter of this sort, when the Bishop was asserting a disposition to hold to his own powers, even to the death, that he ought to have been very careful as to the words he used in respect to the expressed desires of the laity There was, he contended, no desire to dictate, but this expression would serve to show how difficult it was to evade a reasonable request, and give a reasonable excuse for doing so (Cheers ) He thought, therefore, it was proved that the constitution of the Church here was not held to be satisfactory Mei things had been holden in almost every parish of the diocese, and they almost without exception, expressed opinions hostile to the views entertained by the Bishop It was hoped b) threat) that the clergy would have represented these opinions at the meeting con, ont d by the Bishop, but if they referred to the proceedings of that meeting they would find that his Lordship als i) s man said today old anything of the sort He always ruled that the matter was irrelevant to the objects of the meeting, or that he had not power to deal with it His Lordship also laid great stress upon the clergy having exclusive authority in spiritual matters, but it seemed to him that a great deal of misunderstanding seemed to pre- val as to what these spiritual matters were The clergy, ministers, and teachers of religion had to expound the doctrines and minister the rites of the Church, and if this was what was meant by sp ritual matters, he was quite sure the 1 city had no desire to interfere with them. But with all large questions relating to the government of the Church he contended the laity had an equal right to deal, as the clergy It had indeed been declared at the meeting of the clergy as one of the reasons why the laity should not be admitted to that share in the government of the Church which they demanded, that there was no precedent to be found for such a course either in the scrip- tures or in the practice of the Primitive e Church before or after the Roman Empire. Now did the speaker or the Bishop who convened the meeting think that in this day the members of the Church would consent to be led blindfold in this way 2 If so, it was indeed time that some alteration was made in the constitution of their Church It was not pretended that the clergy were better able to govern the Church than the last there was in these days no man rates to direct either he acts or the words of the clergy there was no more pretence to the library among them than among the lady For although the laity had been subjected to some sneers for their ignorance on the subject, they would they find if they looked back into the Canons of the Church, which the bishops so much relied on that these gave to the Bishops and clergy much authority ' The fact was, that these Canons had not been ratified by Act of Parliament, and very luckily it was so, for the powers of excommunication and punishment which these Canons contained had been made law, no doubt many men would have been driven out of the Church into dissent, or into the infallibility of the Pope of Rome On the subject of these Canons he would take the liberty of quoting a passage from a very high and very recent authority The passage he alluded to was from Anderson's Colonial Church, and was as follows - These Canons although published 1 by the hiiigsAulho city under the ( Great Seal of a nut mill, were next r confirmed in parliament and it has been solemnly adjudged upon the principles of award the constitution that where they are not merely declaratory of the n lenient law but are in production of new regulations, Hi v do not bind the last of the Church weather is tliLlr obligation upon the eli rg} is , "(_("_ all, [fectual as It ought to be the true that they are' as stated by Archdeacon Sharp, the standing cut lcslasticnl laws of the re him, the constant rules of the ordinaries inquiries at their visitations the grounds of prt continents of the linquents and freight charges upon oath, and the foundation upon which ecclt siastic of censures all judgments commonly stand ' But, on the other hand it is equally true as stated by the same authority that the attention of customs, change of h bits and other circumstances of time and place, and the manner of the country have made some of them impose ticable at least, ' pi i deathly so if not literally Others of them are use less and invalid of course, through defect of proper of H ers and proper Inquiries to render them of force and after years And there are 11 ally any of them but what have been tip an extraordinary decision dispensed with by our governors' The recital of these facts cannot but ex cite in the minds of all dutiful members of (bo I burch a feeling of deep regret and if it is near desire that the time may soon come when these defects shall be safely and effectually repaired As long as they remain in their present state, it is plain that the discipline of the Church must be grievously impure 1 at home and that in the Colonies and foreign depen muscles of the British Empire where, from the circumstances of the case, tin prest nee and control of spirits in this place among the members of the Church Is yet more imperiously le mantell tin want of it must operate as an additional and most s tions impediment to her progress Most be youths then re is it to be Dululu 1 that this object it may more and may be brought home to the consideration both of the spirit is mad tempor ii rulers of our country And of a and to the will offering of the colonial f hurt h can be legibly itt 16 agreed upon them in the hope be further r entertained that it may s r e as a basis upon which to reconstruct a body of prat of able and consists of ecclesiastical law for her people at home Meanwhile it is a matter of thankfulness to know that if the obhg idea of the < arena upon the ( clergy be thus defective and if they rd! bImi, of their own authority to control the lay members of the Church, the | penalties, which are affixed in some of them against those who Impugn her authority remain rapidly in 0|ieriti«-e Tiny arc penalties of an awful character and carry with the in- additional terror, when associated with the power of those Courts which existed at the time of their treatment "and with the extent of civil disabilities which then oftentimes accompanied the exaction of them And even If separated for ever from such perilous alliance it can hardly be denied that the fin qin ney with which the sentence of excommunication Is appealed to In some of the current r famous, has a tendent y to weaken the sense of its real character among the people and to place in a false position before than the Church from which raised such heavy censures It is well, therefore for her, that she should be at least spared this trial and to lift to win her way by the exercise of mc his which earthly tribunals next r gave, and earthly enemies can never take away even by pure ness, by knowledge, by long suffering, by kindness by the Holy Ghost by love unit signed by the word of truth by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left ' No doubt that this was the state of the case. But the power of the church had, for many reasons been encouraged. A powerful church was known to be an admirable police for any country and thus, if they looked to Europe at the present moment, they would find, under the despotic governments, that the church was made most powerful, and that the people of those empires were forced into submission in spiritual matters as they were in others. But from this able and authoritative exposition of the authority of the canons, of the church, about which so much had been said, and concerning which they had been reproached with ignorance, they found that no power was given under them whatever. His lordship through out the meeting, at which the clergy present for the most part behaved more like school- boys under the direction of their teacher, than as thinking and responsible men, put down, in the most dogmatic manner every thing which might tend to bring the real points at issue under discussion, and in this course he was supported by the majority of the inferior intellects present. His Lordship expressed his opinion that the views he propounded had the concurrence of the laity of the various parishes ; while it seemed to him that he could hardly fail to have known that they were almost unanimously disapproved. What was the cape even now ? with all the efforts that had been made, how was the ' Bishop's petition signed? Then at the close of the proceedings, the Bishop asked whether any opposition to his measures was entertained by any of the clergy or by their parishioners. The Bishop said-" He would put one question to the clergy, which he requested them to answer Had any one brought up from his parishioners an opinion adverse to the proposal to admit the laity into a share in the management of the affairs of the Church a After a pause of some duration, no answer being returned, his lordship said this confirms my own impression, formed while the several resolutions were read, that they unanimously approve of that step " Now he must say the Church must be in a very bad state indeed if his lordship did not know that in this question the vast majority of the Church was dead against him True the clergy did not answer on this occasion, but the question did put him in mind of another that was put to criminals after the conviction by a jury whether they had any thing to say why they should not have sentence passed upon them Most men of sense wisely abstained from saying any thing, and he must say, under such circumstances, he never recollected any thing that was said having any beneficial effect One clergy) man however, did rise and object to the opinions of the Bishop That clergyman said he rose to express his conviction that the last) disapproved of the wording of the proposed petition in several passages, and he was sure that his own congregation would never sign it. They objected to the establishment of three estates, or to the Bishops having the power to reject or were the decisions of the two orders -' The Bishop reiterated his determination never to consent to sanction the principle that the clergy and laity should necessarily in all cases, deliberate together , which would, in effect, be an abandonment by the clergy of the very seal of their ordination Rather than this they ought to be ready to die in defence of that authority which had been committed to them, and he unhesitatingly declared his own readiness told) down his life, if necessary, in the cause of his Lord Now, he complained of the manner in which the case of the city was put by the Bishop here The laity did not claim to deliberate with the clergy on every conceivable emergency , but they did protest against the Bishop having the power of veto in every conceivable case The matter then at issue was simply this the Bishop desired one form of church government the laity another, and if any form of government was to be established which could preserve the peace and efficiency of the Church, both parties must be agreed upon it. He had already de- turned them too long, but before sitting down he would say a word or two in respect to the position of the clergy under their present form of church government in a neighbouring colony they found a Bishop refusing to ordain a clergy m under the certificate of ministers charging those who gave such certificates with heresy mel almost threatening to excommuni- catch them because they would not submit themselves to the capricious will of their Bishop, in preference to submitting to the declared law of the land Then what was the mode of preferment certainly not as it was in Engl mel In England church patronage was vests d in a variety of hands here it centred all in one person and the), the laity who contributed everything to the maintenance of the Church, had no power or control over this patronage whatever he did not wish every parish to have the election of its, own clergyman by a majority of votes, but he thought some middle measure might be devised, which should give the parishioners some power of retaining their pastor In England the tenure of a living was a freehold tenure, but here, when a clergyman became known to his congregation, and more than half his usefulness depended on his being known, so soon as he became well known and valuable he might be removed at a moments notice, and perhaps sent to kamo remote part of the colony, at the will of the Bishop Then, as to the punishment of off races He thought that a clergy) man like any other citizen, should be tried by his peers He should be tried as a soldier, and then he believed justice would be bad as he believed there was proper spirit enough in the Church not to wish an improper person to have any part in the construction of its ordinances But what would they think as citizens if the right of trial by jury could be narrowed down so as to invest all power of deciding on the guilt or innocence of the accused in one person, and yet this was the case with regard to the clergy It did appear to him that such a system is this must tend to make the church inefficient, and he must regret very deeply that the Bishop had not consulted with the 1 duty in the alterations which he proposed to make in the government of the Church By not doing so, he feared he would only disturb his own peace, for he had little fear that his views as embodied on the petition of the clergy, would be carried out at home He must apologise for having for so long trespis ed on their time, but this was a question from which they must not shrink Iht) were asked by the Bishop to assent to to the petition he had prepared, but though he might think the Bishop a very good and sincere man, he could not rely on his judgment, or allow himself to be led to do those things which in his conscience he believed the true spirit of the reformed religion would not allow him to do. Mr. W. T. CAPE seconded the resolution. He had been accidentally placed higher up in the proceedings of the evening than he had expected, but he would not shrink from the duty laid upon him, more particularly as the mover of the resolution had make it an easy matter, by the able way in which he had advocated the principles set forth in that resolution. It would be remembered that when the Archdeaconry of Australia was first established, the principles which they had come here to advocate to- night were those which were then allowed. They would remember that in the early days of the colony there existed the Church and School Corporation, without whose assistance and advice, the Archdeacon never ventured to act. That corporation was composed equally of clergy and laity. The government in constituting that corporation, had laid down a course which they would have done well to follow ; but subsequently the present Bishop was appointed to the see of Australia, and circumstances occurred which threw the corporation into abeyance. By the institution of that corpora- tion, however, it was made clear that the principle of the equality of the clergy and laity in the government of the church already existed, and although it might be tedious to be constantly urging the necessity of adopting that principle, yet he could not refrain from urging it, and in doing so, he would quote a few passages from one of the highest authorities on British law, civil or ecclesiastical, he meant Lord Bacon, than whom a better guide for youth or matured age could not be found. Lord Bacon in his theological works had discussed the question of Church Government, and had thus expressed himself : First, therefore, for the government of Bishops, I for my part do hold it warranted by the word of God, that by the practice of the ancient Church in the better times, and iniie'li more convenient for kingdoms, than parity of ministers and government by synods. But there are two circumstances in the administration of bishops, wherein, I confess, I could never be satisfied : the one, the sole exercise of authority ; the other, the deputation of their authority. For the first, the Kisliop giveth orders alone, cxonmuiuniciiU'th' alone, judgeth alone. This uuemeth to be a thing almost without example in good government, and therefore not unlikely to have crept in in the degenerate and corrupt times. We see the greatest kings and monarchs have their councils. There is no tcniiKiral court in England of the higher sort where the authority doth rest in one person. No man will deny but the acts that pass the bishop's jurisdiction are of as great iin|H>rtauce ils those that pass the civil courts; for men's souls are more precious than their bodies or goods; and so are their good names, Bishops have their infirmities, and have no exception from that general malediction which is pronounced against all men living, " Voe tall, twin of vccitlerct," Mc. Kay, we see that the first warrant in spiritual causes is directed to a number. The authority of Bacon was the highest next to the Bible which could be found and if he were asked what works he would recommend to youth, he would say, read Bacon and if it were objected that he was obscure and difficult, he would say, " Begin from the beginning, and go through with him, and you will find him intelligible enough, the surest of guides, the temple of truth.'. (Cheers.) The present in- efficient state of the Church was owing to the want of co-operation between the clergy and laity. In the matter of schools, for instance, there was no model school attached to the Church in the colony. They knew not in the colony what a school of the Church of England Was until the present director of the na-' tions! schools, who had been trained in the denominational schools at home, had shown what they were, and how admirably they were conducted in England. He should not detain the meeting with any further remarks, as there were many other gentlemen who were prepared to address them, but he would conclude by saying that he yielded to no man in respect and esteem for the Bishop, who had a large claim upon the affection and gratitude of the community. He regretted deeply that' His Lordship had not long ago called the laity and clergy together, as he was persuaded that had he done so, the present unhappy discussion might have been avoided. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Mr. R. SADLEIR rose to move the second resolution. He had great pleasure in seeing so many of his fellow churchmen assembled here to-day in defence of the right of every British subject, the right of petitioning the Queen and the House of Lords and Commons. They had come to preserve a light which was equally dear to them, the right of appeal to their Sovereign. (Cheers.) The Bishop in his address had constantly alluded to the right of appeal, which he characterized as tending to Popery and he argued that every appeal should therefore he to a local authority only, that is, to himself (cheers). His Lordship wished to prevent them from exercising that right of appeal of which every Englishman was justly proud that of appealing to the Queen and to the Parliament of England. The Bishop's argument with reference to the right of appeal in the early Church was false ; he argued that the appeal to Constantinople had been converted into an appeal to Rome ; but he (Mr. S.) had no fear that the appeal he now advocated would lead to Popery. On the contrary, the opposite course proposed by his Lordship was far more likely to lead to the establishment of Popery here (cheers). He did not say this would be the case during the life of the present Bishop ; but there was no guarantee that his successor would not claim the highest and most exorbitant powers. It was, therefore, incumbent on them to assert their right to appeal to the Queen, a right which was possessed by the poorest criminal up to the last stage of existence, for he could appeal from his judge to the mercy of his Sovereign, and even on the very scaffold the worst criminal could appeal to posterity and to God. He hoped, therefore, they would make a determined stand for that right in all its integrity and all its fulness. The question at issue was one of very great importance. A case had lately arisen in the Church at home, which was an award case for the Bishops. Gorham's case had cut the Bishops to the quick and they were afraid lest the same principles which had been asserted in that case should find their way here ; hence they were straining every nerve to restrain the right of appeal to themselves. (Cheers.) The Bishop of Tasmania had expressed his astonishment and chagrin that " five lawyers" should sit in judgment upon a question of doctrine. The Privy Council had acquitted Gorham of the charges brought against him by the Bishop of Exeter ; but Bishop Nixon, in the face of that decision of the Privy Council, did not hesitate to brand certain of his clergy with heresy for holding Gorham's opinions. It was evident their Lordships were aiming at getting rid of the right of appeal. In his letter to Doctor Wiseman, Bishop Broughton, who, however was an older man, and therefore more cautious than Bishop Nixon, had very clearly set forth his opinion. Speaking of the supremacy of the Church, his Lordship said, " The Church Catholic to which we belong, has its own inherent supremacy, and this it will not fail to exercise ; neither admitting the secular element to assume to itself an influence by the weight of which it is enabled to paralyze the spiritual and to appropriate to itself the sole direction of the movements of the Church, as is the case in England at this time," (referring, he presumed to the cases of Gorham and Bishop Hampden) -" nor yet, (as hRS been the case in Rome during many centuries) suffering the ecclesiastical authority to exclude the secular from all right of interference in the regulation of church affairs ; the due ordering of which affect the laity as deeply as the clergy." Before commenting further, he would read the resolution which he had to move - "That under existing circumstances, and in the nbscn 'o of Jury other satisfactory provision for the exercise of an (equally powerful lay influence in the government of this Church, this meeting regards the earth's supremacy as an essential safeguard against any encroachment of local ecclesiastical authority. Now he was of opinion that they were very deeply indebted to the Bishop for the present movement (hear, hear) for he believed it would be the means of obtaining for the laity that power which they ought to have had long ago, and which had so long been withheld from them. (Cheers.) He really believed that the BÍ8ht>p was perfectly sincere in the course which he had thought proper to adopt, but he entirely differed with him as to the manner and matter of his proceeding. And first, with regard to the manner. Contrary to every English principle he had appointed the clergy to represent the opinions of the laity upon the subject of a constitution for the Church ! Why had not the laity been allowed to choose their own representatives ? (Cheers.) Was the course adopted fair and just? He asserted that it was not ; and when the meeting did take place, the Bishop occupied the whole of the first day with the reading of his address; and the next day, when the clergy got up to express their opinions, first this one was put down, and then the other one, on some pretence or other, and although several of them had requested' time for consideration, and suggested a postponement in order to enable them to go back to their constituents and obtain their opinions upon the modification introduced in the form of petition, the Bishop overruled every objection, and carried his points in the face of every opposition. The people of Liverpool, however, who took a very different view from his Lordship, had taken care to give instructions to their clergy- man on the subject of the veto and of the division of the convention into two houses and he had acted faithfully and discharged his duty to them in every respect. (Cheers.) He refused to sign the petition. (Loud cheering.) Most of the other constituencies had given no instructions to their minister and they saw what was the consequence ; why those ministers had given way. But there was another point of view in which this question must be looked at. Not only had they been compelled to send the clergy to represent them, which was unjust, but the petition had been altered after the meetings of the various parishes, and ought to have been sent back for further consideration. They had not been treated fairly in the thing, and the whole business had been badly moved in (cheers. But the matter was equally bad. The petition set forth the painful and unsatisfactory condition of the Church. Of this no one could entertain a doubt. He would go to the Bishop's own words as a proof, for he always liked to go to a man's own words and speeches for evidence against him or in his favour. In 1874 the Bishop, in his charge, made a statement of the condition in which the diocese was, and after describing the painful state in which it was within the boundaries, he stated that beyond the boundaries the very form and name of religion was entirely lost. The idea of religion was absolutely repudiated. In 1846 the Lay Association, in their report, represented the various districts of the interior to be in an appalling state of spiritual destitution, which could only be expected to increase every day. In an appendix, they showed that they had not the means to send a single minister or school- master, or catechist, into the districts beyond the boundaries. In 1851, in his sermon to the Diocesan Society, the Bishop said, that on his recent visitation he had met with multitudes absolutely destitute of the means of grace. These surely were proof sufficient of the painful and unsatisfactory state of the Church But there were other proofs besides".' The traveller who on going through a strange country should observe piles of ruins here and piles of ruins there, and see the people living in huts and' hovels, would naturally conclude that that people had fallen from its original state. Now there were only too many ruins of the Church, in this colony. Look for instance, "the various societies founded by the Church. The! Diocesan Society was founded in 1838, and its' income at first was reckoned at £3000 last year its income was only £117. Behold one of the ruins. (Cheers.) Look at the L . sociation, which once spread its branches on the whole breadth of the land ; where was it now ? Why compelled to take up its abode in an obscure office in a miserable lane in George-street. (Hear, hear.) That also had died away. Look at our educational establishments. Where was Lyndhurst College now, which had opened with such large pretensions ? Where were their other schools; > As fallen into decay, though propped up for a time by Government protection.- Behold more of the ruins! (Cheers.) Where were the periodicals, and particularly that interesting one the Southern Queen's (Laughter.) Why the poor Southern Queen had perished, with all her royalty, and all the ability bestowed upon her. More ruin! (Cheers.) All this showed the painful situation into which the Church had fallen. By the Church Temporalities Act she had been placed on a par with the Roman Catholic Church, that very Church which she had been contending against for centuries But whilst the Roman Catholic Church was flourishing, she was likened to a boat cut adrift, without sail, oar, or rudder. (Cheers.) The Bishops in their conference admitted all these facts ; but in the remedies suggested by them he thought there was very little hope He had already told them so in his letters the Empire he had boldly stated his opinion. And what was the result of their lordships' conference ? Why, no sooner had the minutes" got to South Australia, than the clergy rose up in arms, and the laity rose up in arms, like Englishmen, to protest against the Bishops' minute. And their protest was re-echoed in Van Dieman's Land and in Victoria. (Cheers.) The minutes of conference had been condemned also in the House of Lords by the highest authorities, the Archbishop of Canterbury and the other Bishops who had characterised them as the most ridiculous thing that had ever been produced. (Cheers). Now, they had met together to-day to express their concurrence with these views, and their dissatisfaction at the proposals of the Bishops. But in what were they at issue with the Bishop The Bishop said no form of church government existed in the colony ; but he was at a loss to understand what his Lordship meant. At all events, they were not satisfied with the proposed Synod and Convention, and the house was clearly divided against itself. The Bishop said there were questions which the laity dare not touch at all but he never said what those questions were. He only characterised them as spiritual questions, but the first thing to ascertain was whether a question was spiritual or not His Lordship went to the Scriptures, in order to show that the laity were only an assenting party to the acts of the Apostles and elders in the primitive Church ; but he considered that the evidence of scripture went directly to prove the contrary, and this view had been constantly held by the Protestant Church and insisted on by Boole, Bloomfield, Archdeacon i - Hare, Dr. Hodgson, and many other of the most learned and most profound commentators on the Scriptures. The Bishop said the laity kept silence whilst the Apostles decided. Now it was wise to keep silence sometimes, and perhaps the Bishop would have been wiser had he been silent on this point daughter and cheers). But the text to which the Bishop referred expressly implied that the laity had been in fierce dispute, but when Peter stood up in the midst, then the whole assembly kept silence, and not till then. Afterwards Paul and Barnes is spoke, and finally James gave his opinion, which the Bishop called delivering his judgment. How this was he did not know for the correct translation of the passage clearly showed that James merely expressed his opinion like one of the others, and did not deliver an authoritative judgment. This was proved by the context, since the subsequent decision was expressed in these words : " It pleased the apostles and elders, and brethren, &c.;" The e passages proved that they all held an equal authority, and if the apostles could condescend to sit and vote in one assembly with the laity, why should not the Bishops do the same now ! (Cheers.) The Bishop then had recourse to Cyprian ; but found that Cyprian was against him. For in the days of Cyprian the laity elected their own bishops. (Hear, hear.) Now, he would cheerfully give up the point of the veto and everything else if the Church were again placed in the position it was in Cyprian's time, and the laity invested with the the power of electing their own bishops, (Cheers.) (Mr. Sadleir here referred to the case of two bishops of Spain who had joined in the worship of idols, and whose conduct was subjected to the judgment of the laity by St. Cyprian himself. The Bishop, in urging the pretensions of the clergy had referred to the election of Mathias, as a " miraculous" decision. This he (Mr. Sadlier) contended was most ridiculous for it was evident that in drawing lots for the election of an apostle no interruption to the course of nature had taken place and as to the prayer of Peter, that the lot might fall on whom God had chosen, this was no more than the practice of the Church which believed in a God who answered prayer. To call this a "miraculous" decision, was absurd. (Cheers.) And in the election of deacons, the under the were enjoined to go and choose them and they did choose them by lifting up their hands, just as any question was decided to-day by lifting up the hand. It was therefore clear that if they went back to the primitive times, they would find the laity invested with full power in every case. Again, the Bishop said his object was to obtain permission to consult with the laity as to the form of constitution for the Church well suppose when he got home he found the question already settled, the right of veto he sought to obtain he might be compelled to give up. But, if the Queen gave him the permission he sought, and they met accordingly and agreed to a certain constitution, he might then say, Oh, he did not like it, and refuse to accept it the fact being that he wished to be as a king amongst them, and be enthroned above them. Now, he trusted they would agree to nothing' which did not give them full and equal power with the clergy in every point. Let them stand fast in the liberty wherewith Christ had made them free. (Cheers.) A great deal of difficulty appeared to attach to the use of the word synod; but in New Zealand they had hit upon a term which seemed to be well applicable, namely, that of general convention, and he could not see why they should not adopt that term. He was opposed to synod, in the Bishop's sense of the terms, which had led first to the establishment of provincial synods, and from that to the assumption of primacy and metropolitan powers, until the metropolitan of Rome had enthroned himself as Pope (cheers) and usurped absolute power and dominion over the minds and consciences of men 5 and not satisfied with spiritual tyranny, he had seized upon the temporal power and become a King and Lord. Let them take care of the little horn of the beast (cheers) and root it out, and nip it in the bud. before it brought forth its horrible and pestiferous fruits, which were destructive alike to civil and religious liberty for where religious domination was usurped, temporal tyranny I soon followed. He confessed he once disliked the notion of the Queen's supremacy; but he had altered his views now, and would infinitely prefer her supremacy to clerical domi- nation. In his letter to Nicholas Wiseman daughter and cheers) he begged Nicholas Wiseman's pardon, he was a right reverend \- honour to whom honour is due, and tribute to whom tribute. In his letter to Dr. Wiseman the Bishop had said that in claiming the right to sit in provincial and diocesan synods the clergy claimed but a small thing -" only this." Now let the clergy preach far and wide with all liberty, but let them not interfere with the right of private judgment. (Cheers.) If they consented to this separate convention-as his friend Bob Nichols would say, this " little go they might as well shut up their Bibles at once and throw them away. The state of affairs in I Europe should act as a warning to them ; there they saw political despotism and priestly tyranny combining to crush the liberties of mankind ; whilst England and America vied with each' other in throwing open their arms to receive the refugees from oppression. Let them take example by this and oppose with all their strength the beginnings of despotism here. (Cheers.) Mr, ROGERS seconded the motion in a very brief speech, and it was carried unani- "year. JOHNSON: It had been allotted to him to propose a resolution which he could, I «ViiSincerity say he wished had fallen into ffiShXtut he believed those who had. 1\. to the discussion of this question Sa bestowed upon it so much consideration and study that any inefficient)- of ad money he might display would be but of little moment. The resolution he had to propose was as follows :- That the consisted in and form of Church Government JPs in the several proceedings of the Bishop arid 28in 21 Ich have been taken With reference to this sub . a.Z as tending 10 nubBtltuto the supremacy or tim Cheval life! of the Church for that of the ocean 1 repugnant to the opinions and wishes of the SELLS of the Church of England! generally in this did L. and that such further administrative functions as ST"ar may be necessary, can alone be safely and properly 3d to an assembly composed of the 11 shops, clergy, is «.nnwnttitivi-s of the laity, with equal and co-ordi tTtSi'T*.«ays reserving to, her Majesty all such KA « ss Natal in he as the head of the Church, They would observe that this resolution em- dyed in a more definite shape the substance of the previous resolutions. The former re- butions showed that the laity differed from Se views of the Bishop with regard to the government of the Church in this colony. In this resolution the laity stated their own opinion as to what should be the legislative body to make law's for and to govern the Church. He hoped in the discussion of this question he should follow the example which had been set to him, and abstain from saying any thing which could be construedintooffenBivenessby the bishop, for whose piety, learning, zeal, and devotion for the welfare of the church he entertained the highest admiration and respect. But they must remember, as had been forcibly impressed upon them by a former speaker, that they were all as much interested in the right settlement of this question as the Bishop himself, and interested in such a way that no earthly interference that did not fully satisfy their own consciences could avail them. Whatever their opinion of, and respect for, the Bishop and clergy might be in this matter, they could only do their duty by following the course which their consciences had chalked out for them. They were bound now, having stated their dis- sent from the views of the Bishop, to come forward and state what their own views were. The resolution he had the honor to move stated that the proposal to transfer the supremacy of Queen over the church to the local ecclesiastical head of the church here was repugnant to the opinions and wishes of the members of the Church of England. He must say he had little doubt that something like astonishment would be expressed at the assertion that the bishop of Sydney denied the supremacy of the Queen, but he thought he should be able to prove that the Bishop had very strong doubts as to this supremacy. In support of this view he would in the first place refer to the resolutions arrived at by the Bishops of the diocese at their conference. The Bishops say ; " We are of opinion that there are many questions of great importance to the well being of the Church in our province, which cannot be settled without duly constituted Provincial and Diocesan S j nods Without defining the exact meaning of the word Synod, as used in the Church of England, whenever the words Provincial Synod" or " Diocesan Synod " shall be used in the following resolution s, we understand a body composed of one or more Bishops, with representatives chosen from among the clergy, meeting at such times and in such manner as may not be inconsistent with any law of Church or state." Now he was not indisposed to follow the example of a learned judge in the colony, and to own that he was but little conversant with ecclesiastical polity, but it did appear to him that very little knowledge indeed of ecclesiastical law was sufficient to show that the decision of any Synod, until ratified by a superior authority, could not at present in England be held to be valid. Take for instance, even the canons of 1903 and 1904, they would not have obtained any validity at all, without the ratification given to them by King James and the Great Seal of Great Britain. The minute then went on to say - "We understand the functions of Provincial and Diocesan Synods to be these 2-3. To consult and agree upon Rules of practice and Ecclesiastical Order within the limits of the province or diocese. 2. To conduct the processes necessary for carrying such rules into effect. But not to alter the Thirty-nine Articles, the Book of Common Prayer, or the authorised version of the Holy Scriptures." he took it that if those words meant any thing, they meant that whatever the Synods might agree upon should be carried into effect. Whatever the Bishop and clergy might resolve upon should be at once settled, leaving the laity only their peculiar province-to obey. After this some other matters come into the minute, as to the functions of the Diocesan and Provincial Synods. These are stated as follows-The. We are of opinion that the laity, acting by their representatives duly elected, should meet in Diocesan and Provincial Synods, that the clergy and laity may severally consult and decide upon all questions affecting the temporalities of the Church, and that no act of either order relating thereto should be valid without the consent of the other 2. That any change of constitu- tion affecting the whole body of the Church should be first proposed and approved in the Provincial Synod, but should not be valid without the consent of the Provincial Convention." Now in this passage of the minutes he saw power given to the Bishops and clergy to invalidate the proceedings of the laity, but he saw no countervailing power given to the laity to validate the proceedings of the clergy. To the clergy alone was given all power concern- ing the regulation of spiritual matters, while I co- ordinate power to the laity was also given them in respect to temporalities. In all these matters no vote was to be reserved to the Crown the Bishop and the clergy were absolutely to settle it all among themselves. They would in fact engross the whole power in the Church and he must say, and he would say it, with great confidence, that in the Church of inst. the clergy never did have the power entrusted to them of determining what doctrines were right, and what wrong, or of regulating arbitrarily the whole conduct of the Church. He believed this was fully proved by the Scriptures. Except to those who came Prepared to refine away the truth by specious sophistries, the few verses which had been so often quoted from the , Acts of the Apostles were w simple and intelligible that they must be convincing. But even then the circumstances the Church were vastly different to what they subsequently became. Then the civil Power had no right of interference with the Church. But then Constantine became as Emperor of Rome the head of the Church were in all matters of Church legislation for the purpose of Church ' government his approval and consent became necessary, and the consent of the Emperor was at least in theory the consent of the whole community. But to mum more immediately to the resolution - wat resolution stated, that some doubts had were entertained as to the supremacy of the Queen, and he should proceed to show that they were justified in making this statement, the Bishop, in his address to the clergy, lives: - rJ"i0iU will leave, again, that I have not assembled you HIT Purpose of considering what is to be the order and what a. man westerley, and mutual relation of these "one. The smiploimcstioiis which I now propose, and to ?X..1 "«»"««Ty ground or regularity and propriety I wufltotisly beg that your attention may be confined, are X.? ï,.î,în:'-:lst- Whether yon concur in opinion Jni? "'V'M'ops of the province that the measure of miling the clergy and laity in consultation upon the thaT? the Church Is good In principle, and ought is via re at 9 '"troduced. And, kindly. Whether, as It ¿£tnowlc,lBe<1 that difficulties do lie in the way of the finest ?,r8Uch R constitution, you agree with men must F, at the most respectful and the most probably JT***»" mode of overcoming those difficulties will be loan CI'aPcutloutolIcr Majesty as will be submitted "J you for your approval to-day. His lordship here states that he asked only for a? opinion merely as to the address jW of the introduction of the day cement into the government of the Church, of it "so. as to the form of Constitution quite Church, but if language meant any was, the circular; of his Lordship, and the season and a'tcTara'tiôh appertaining to it, did aRRests form of constitution, and it was the whole of these documents which the laity in their respective parishes were called on to consider. The Bishop, in his address, pro- ceded, The single and sufficient reason for our not proceeding further at the present moment is, that we am not qualified or competent so to do. It will be observed by you, my reverend brethren, that following still the practice of the bishops in abstaining from taking to themselves the style and character of a Synod, I have held it advisable for the present to solicit your attendance at this General Meeting, only in your individual capacity as clergyman and have not described or constituted the meeting under that corporate character, or appropriate title, which the original law of the Church authorised the Bishop and presbyters of every diocese to assume. I wish it at the same time to he understood that, after a. very careful and not designedly otherwise that impartial survey of the question, the just conclusion appears to me to be that there is no easy here existing which renders it penal that a bishop and his clergy should assemble in; synodical consultation. Now if this language did not convey a doubt of the Queen's supremacy over the Church, he was at a loss to know I what would do so. On this it would be well for him to quote an authority showing the power which the Bishops in England had to hold Synods without the authority of the Queen : A diocesan Synod is the assembly of the Bishop and his presbytery to enforce and put in execution canons made by General Councils, or national and provincial Synods, and to consult and agree upon rules of discipline for themselves. And these were frequently held while the Bishop and clergy lived together in a community, and were not wholly laid aside till by the Act of Submission, I 25th II. VI 11., eli. 10, it was made unlawful for any ¡ Synod to meet but by Royal authority Johns. HO, (Burns' Kee. flaw, Title Synod, vol. 3, pp. 1897-98.) In England, therefore, a Bishop may not assemble his clergy in diocesan Synod without the authority of the Queen. But the Bishop here would resist this application of the law. He said - The only statute which could be considered so to apply is the 25th Henry VIII., cap. 19. But it seems to have been too hastily concluded by many who have considered the question in England that this is of universal application, so that, it includes the case of the clergy of this and other Australasian dioceses. But it must have been overlooked that there is in existence an Act of the Imperial Parliament (9 (Geo. IV., cap. 83) for the more effectual government of this territory, which distinctly provide s that of all the laws and statutes in force within the realm of England on the 25th July, 1928, those only shall extend to this colony which " can be applied here.'' If this opinion of the Bishop were fully carried out, it might lead to consequences the right reverend prelate way not aware of, for if this application of the law were relied on, the Church of England in New South Wales would be no church at all. The Bishop ' goes on a With the submission of course which becomes an un- learned person arguing on a point of law, I should urge that the meaning of this fully expressed, would be, so far is the same can he applied in perimeters; so far as a correspondence of circumstances between the persons to be affected by the laws will permit snell application for it would never do to take an Act passed with reference to one set of cases and apply it verbatim to cases of a totally distinct character. Purnong, for example, entitled to sit upon grand juries in England, cannot be held subject to laws which affect the constitution of grand juries when they move to this country where the institution does not exist. Now take a more conclusive instance, we know that a peer of the realm may be elected, and might even sit lawfully as a member of Council here And why? but because the law of England which lays a restriction upon such a proceeding within the United Kingdom, is not in force, and cannot be applied in a country where there is no house of peers. What was the inference to be deduced from this passage except that, because the Queen was not present here, her supremacy over the Church did not exist. His Lordship then went on Upon this principle exactly I argue that even though the State. Hen VIII. did in England (which I very much a question) prohibit the assembling of Diocesan Synods, without the royal license, it could not have that effect here. The clergy to whom that Act was meant to apply were indisputably a body who enjoyed the privilege of being summoned to attend in Convocation, either in their own persons, or by their representatives. The entire Act proceeds upon the supposition that they were entitled to be so summoned, and takes it for granted they would be so summoned at proper times by the Sovereign. Can ' ! it then be that a lady, which depends for all its force and 1 substance upon the hypothesis that assemblies of the ' ' Convocation should be hold, should be in force, in a country where Convocation does not exist ? Such a conclusion would be at variance with the principles of common justice. Thus the Bishop conclusively made out, if his reasoning were good, that the supremacy of the Queen did not exist in this colony, and that conse ' quently the consent of the Queen was not required for holding a diocesan synod. In fact, , if the Bishop had not been a conscientious man, he would have followed the example set to him by the Bishop of Exeter, and would have 1 assembled his clergy in convocation without the consent of the Queen at all. But admit 1 ting that the Bishop in this respect had acted conscientiously, he could not understand, when he called the clergy to meet and consult ' as individuals, not as a body of clergyman, ! why he could not also meet to consult with laymen for a like purpose. He presided over the clergy, not as the Bishop of a synod, but j to consult with them as individuals. He called, too, for the opinion of the laity, as i represented by the clergy, and he could not conceive what objection there could be in ! summoning the laity to meet the clergy to I speak for themselves. If it was as the Bishop said that the object sought was permission for the laity and clergy combined to make a constitution, they might do so now, but if legal restrictions were to be thrown round the permission by imperial enactment, then after all the laity would have had no voice in the matter. Hecouldhardly make out what the oath ' 1 was that which was alluded to by the Bishop, I I as precluding him from admitting the laity to I the consideration of the Petition to the Queen, | but he believed it was the oath of supremacy, in which he as a lawyer, could certainly see nothing to prevent any good Protestant clergy- man meeting laymen to petition the Sovereign. But if this oath applied to a meeting of the laity, how much more would it apply to a meeting of the clergy, which was so far more synodical in its appearance. Then the subscriptions of the clergy were referred to by his lordship as prohibiting of the clergy meeting the laity, but he could see nothing in these subscriptions save and except that they were subscriptions to the Canons of the Church and the first of these Canons he would read to them : As our duty to the King's most excellent majesty re- j quietly, we first decree and ordain, That the Archbishop of Canterbury (from time to time), all bishops of his ] ! province, all deans, archdeacons, (parsons, vicars, and all ! other ecclesiastical persons, shall faithfully keep and observe, and (as much as in them lieth) shall cause lobe of arrived and kept of others, all and singular laws and statutes made for restoring to the Crown of this kingdom, the ancient jurisdiction over the State, ecclesiastical, and abolishing of any foreign power repugnant to the same, furthermore, all ecclesiastical persons having cure of souls, and all other preachers, and readers of divinity lectures, shall, to the uttermost of their wit, knowledge, and learning, purely and sincerely, without any colour, or dissimulation, teach, manifest, open, and declare, four times in every year at the least, in their sermons and other collections and lectures, that all usurped and foreign power (forasmuch as the same hath no establishment nor ground by the law of God), is for most just causes taken away and abolished and that, therefore, no manner of obedience, or subjection, within his Majesty's realms and dominions, is due unto any such foreign power, but that the King's power within the realms of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and all. other his dominions and countries, is the highest power under dod; to whom all men, as well inhabitants, as born within the same do by God's laws owe most loyalty and obedience, nrorc» and above all other powers and poten- states In the earth. In this Canon the supremacy of the Queen was broadly declared-not confined to the Island of Britain alone, but extending to the whole of the British dominions and he could not here help remarking, that while the Bishop was so scrupulous as to the observance of one part of these Canons, if he had been equally i scrupulous in enforcing that which commanded all preachers and readers of divinity lectures to make manifest, four times in each year, that all usurped foreign power was contrary to the law of God, and therefore was for just causes abolished, he would have done much to prevent the occurrence of the schism which has prevailed in the Church, and which had led to '. many conversions. The resolution also start in that the constitution suggested by the Bishop in His petition was re- pugnant to the wishes of the laity, and that matter the vote of the meeting may determine ; but the history of their country sufficiently instructed them that the people were averse to any other supremacy then the executive head of the civil and legislative Government of the country.- What was the Act of Uniformity enacting the use of an authorised version of the Prayer Book but an act of this supremacy ? That act was the act of the Commons, of the Lords Temporal, and of the Queen, It was one of the few acts in which the Lords spiritual took no part. It was an act passed without any ecclesiastical authority at all. The latter part of the resolution had been so , ably dealt with by previous speakers that he should not weaken the force of these observations by repeating them, but he would say if any change of Church government was to be made in this colony let them go to first principles and revert to the power which the laity in the olden times possessed, and exercised. This was the only way in which they could frame a constitution for the Church for any power to be obeyed must be assented to by those who obey it. There was a good deal of mystery attached to the word spiritual, as opposed to the temporal affairs of the Church. But there was a great deal of difference between decreeing canons and the ministerial offices by which these canons were carried out. Take for instance the Canon relative to Baptism, the laity were to a large extent averse to that Canon on principle, but would they on that account interfere with the celebration of the rite of baptism by a clergyman ? But in making the Canons - involving as they did matters of conscience in which the laity were quite as much interested as the clergy, they had a right to take part. Whether the laity and clergy should meet together, and whether the Bishop should have the power of veto, were matters of detail ; but they were matters of so' much importance that he was glad the resolution contained an express opinion upon them. That the laity ought to deliberate with the clergy he thought was fully proved by this meeting, for if the laity had been admitted by the bishop to his meeting, an amicable conclusion would have been undoubtedly come to but now, whether approved or dis- approved of by the laity, a petition had been adopted by the clergy. This was the disastrous position in which the church was now placed. The laity were I compelled to get up a petition which would make them appear to be antagonistic to their Bishop and clergy. They were called on to take this step in self-defence. They assumed these antagonistic opinions because they were asked to give up vital objections which they were bound by their conscience not to surrender. He felt "that he was detain ing them too long, but he must say that for many years past he could not help feeling that the position of the Church in this colony had been deficient in true sympathy with the Protestant reformation. (Loud cheers.) They had been too much wrapped up in forms and ceremonies, too jealous one with another, having too little in common on that ground on which all Protestants may meet. (Cheers.) He would with the permission of the meeting conclude his remarks by reading the opinion of a man whose name in the Church entitled him to respect and veneration. The writer said - "That they also walk in wisdom towards those that are not of our Communion and if there be in their Parishes any such, that they neglect not frequently to confer with them in the spirit of meekness, seeking by all good ways and means to gain and win them over to our Communion : More especially that they have a very tender regard to our brethren the /Vuiesttint ditscntert that upon occasion offered, they visit them at their houses, and receive them kindly at their own, and treat them fairly, wherever they meet them, discoursing calmly and civilly with them; persuading them (if it may be) to a full compliance with our Church, or at least, that "whereas we have already attained, we may all walk by the same rule, and mind the same thing. And in order hereunto that they take all opportunities of assuring and convincing them, that the attempt of this Church are really and sincerely irreconcilable enemies to the errors, superstitions, idolatrous, and tyrannies of the Church of Rome; and the very unkind jealousies which some have had afore to the contrary, were altogether groundless. And in the last place, that they warmly and most affectionately exhort them, to join with us in daily fervent prayer to the (soil of Peace, for an universal blessed I Union of all informed Churches, both at home and abroad, against our common enemies, and that all they who do confess the Holy Name of our Dear Lord, and do agree in the truth of his Holy Word, may also meet in one Holy Communion, and live in perfect unity and Godly Love. These were the sentiments which always ap- ' peared to actuate the Church in his native , land, but sorry was he to say they did not seem to actuate the Church here. They were the sentiments of no lukewarm member of the Church- no secrecy, no wavered in the faith. They were the sentiments of a High Churchman-a prelate distinguished alike for his intellectual ability, his profound learning, and unpretending piety. A man whose name 1 commanded the respect of churchmen- that name was Archbishop Bancroft, He now begged to move the resolution. 1 Mr. W. R. PIDDINGTON: He had a great advantage as seconder of the resolution which had been so ably moved by Mr. Johnson, who had so entirely exhausted the subject that he had left him little or nothing to say ; but having been asked to second the resolution, he wished to say a few words. It must be obvious to every one pass, at that if the principle of Provincial Synods be established, we may be placed in a very dangerous position. If you refer to the Minutes of the Bishops, you will find that their lordships were only restrained from exercising the authority of a Provincial Synod by a salutary dread of the Royal supremacy. Now, gentlemen, what greater calamity could befall this province than the establishment of a House of Bishops, composed of such Anti-Protestants as Dr. Nixon, of Tasmania? Is it not self evident that the supreme powers of Church government would be deposited with the Provincial Synod, and that the independence of the Diocesan Council would be entirely sacrificed. ¡ Why, gentlemen, all your efforts to secure the establishment of a scriptural form of Church government may possibly be frustrated, if once I the notion of a Provincial Synod presided over by an Archbishop is permitted to develope itself into action. No one can read the . Minutes of the Bishops without feeling assured that their lordships never intended that the laity should be admitted to equal rights with the clerical officers of the Church in the Synod or Council. Their lordships expressly restrict the laity to the discussion of the I temporalities. As members of the Church, J of England, we have nothing to thank their lordships for in this liberal and Christian concession. The attempts of these prelates to obtain synodical action upon such a basis as they have laid in their minutes may well excite the jealousy of the laity ; their success would have involved the entire over throw of the constitution of the Church of England in the colonies. The Royal supremacy would practically have been annihilated, and consequently every layman robbed and cheated of his sacred privileges. This is strong language and I use it advisedly. The Royal supremacy rests upon the Act of Parliament, the Act applies to the colony, and so long as we maintain our connection with the Church of England; therefore the supremacy of the Crown is the supremacy of the laity, and I maintain that it is utterly inconsistent with that supremacy to permit the Bishop to have a veto. If we desire to understand the nature of the supremacy which every English churchman enjoys we must look into the Act upon which it rests, but first we must fully understand that Parliament alone legislates for the Church. There is no spiritual legislature other than Parliament. Convocation is practically abolished, and even when convocation' existed it had no co-ordinate authority with Parliament. It was never allowed to do more than suggest alterations. We must never forget that Parliament is supreme in all questions, ecclesiastical and civil, spiritual as well as temporal. The Act of Henry VIII., cap. 19, known as the Act of Submission, expressly -abolished synodical meetings of the clergy, and empowered the King to nominate a commission composed of 32 persons, 10 being of the clergy and 10 of the laity for the purpose of examining the old ecclesiastical laws, and such of them which this mixed body approved were to be obeyed, provided the "King's assent were first had under the great seal. The truth is the clergy had previously to this Act of Henry VIII. encroached upon the civil authority, and made canons most grievous and oppressive to the subjects' and their usurpation is thus spoken of in the preamble to the Act of Submission as " prejudicial to the King's prerogative royal, and repugnant to the laws and statutes Of this realm, but also overmuch onerous to his Highness and his subjects." The clergy were liable to fine and imprisonment if they dared to meet and promulgate decrees. If there be a it were right in the Episcopate superior to all human law, then where is the Royal supremacy, of b two conflicting authorities cannot co-exist TheParliamentissuprcmeinall cases, spiritual as well as temporal, but we are now asked t overthrow the old foundations, to subvert the fundamental law of the Church, which is coeval with the Reformation, and substitute for the lay supremacy of Crown and Parliament, the clerical supremacy of half a dozen Bishops-a supremacy which h they tell us, is founded on divine rights the right divine of Bishops to govern wrong" -and the authority of the word of God. Now, Sir where is the exclusive separate power of the veto to be found either in the word of God or' an Act of Parliament The advocates of this' exclusive authority surely will be kind enough' to favour the world with something better than bold assertion, unsupported by evidence as proof of the existence of this arbitrary and despotic power. The administration of discipline in the ecclesiastical courts is not en- ' trusted to Bishops, but to laymen, and the highest tribunal known to the English Church is wisely composed of an overwhelming proportion of laymen, and is empowered to " visit, reform, correct, and amend all errors, heresies, and enormities, whatsoever they be, which by any manner of spiritual authority or jurisdic- tion ought to be reformed." Why, Archbishop Cranmer could not make his Episcopal visitation until he had taken out a license under the Great Seal, and even Bishop Bonner acknowledged the Royal supremacy by accepting a commission from the King, authorising him, in the King's stead, to ordain within the diocese of London, such as he should judge worthy of holy orders, to collate to benefices, and give institution and execute Episcopal authority, and all this during the King's pleasure only. By the authority of the supremacy, the Parliment can do all the spiritual acts of a synod. It can establish and abolish bishoprics, and has lately done both the one and the other. It can decide what is heresy, and what is not and it can, through the executive, appoint bishops, translate them, and can also deprive and degrade them. Now the Episcopal Napoleons, by the coin (tea contained in their minutes, desire to remove this enormous power to the order of bishops, by means of provincial synods; bodieS composed, as their lordships tell us, of one or more bishops, with representatives chosen from among the clergy, that is packed by the bishops themselves, Laymen of the Church of England, will you consent to surrender your privileges for such a clerical constitution as this will you enable these Episcopal innovators, these clerical revolutionists, to overthrow the old foundations laid for the Church of England at the Reformation for such aBonapartean imposition as this and finally will you permit the very foundation of your existence as a Church, I mean the sacred right of private judgment, to be sapped and undermined by the Nixonism, the Broughtonism, or any other ism unfortunately predominant in the Colonial Church? The resolution was then put and unanimously carried. Mr. T. W. SMITH said, that having had the honour of moving the appointment of a Committee to draw up a Petition, at the meeting at the Royal Hotel, he had been requested now to move its adoption, in connexion with the fourth resolution : That the following petition embodying the substance of the foregoing resolutions, be presented to her Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, and that copies thereof be forwarded by the Chairman to his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the night Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies. To Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria by the grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith The humble petition of the undersigned members of the United Church of England and Ireland residing in the Diocese of Sydney in the colony of New South Wales, Shkwktii That the condition of the Church within the Australasian Colonies has for some time past been most painful and unsatisfactory to your petitioners, who believe that a similar feeling pervades the members of the Church throughout the province. That doubts have been expressed respecting the Su- premacy of your most gracious Majesty as the Head of the Church in these colonies, to the great dismay of your petitioners who deprecate the assumption of Ecclesiastical supremacy which now threatens their religious freedom, That the constitution and form of Church government suggested In the Minnie of proceedings of the Bishops of the province of Australasia, held in November, ISM, and by the Lord Bishop of Sydney before his clergy, assembled on the 14th of April, ISM, and in the petition to your Majesty, suheetiucntly adopted by the Bishop and a majority' of the clergy of the Diocese at that meeting, are not in ai'i-oriUnce with the opinions or wishes of the lay members of the United Church of England and Ire- land In this Diocese generally; and your petitioners most firmly protest against the establishment by law of any S} stein of Church Government, in which the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity shall not meet and vote In one council with equal and concurrent authority and jurisdiction, reserving to your Majesty all the authority vested in your Majesty as the Head of the Church. And your petitioners most humbly pray that your Majesty will be pleased to withhold your assent to any law at variance with the sentiments of your petitioners herein expressed. After the long and able speeches already delivered, it would ill become one- who was not an elder of the Church to intrude upon their attention. He would merely say his heart was thoroughly in this matter, and he believed they were taking their stand on the true principles of the Protestant Church. It had been objected to the present movement that they would be defeating their own object ; but no other course was open to them, and it was better they should at once declare their opinions than wait until after the power to assemble in Synod might have been obtained by the Bishop. He could not refrain from expressing his admiration of the able way in which some of the clergy had advocated the rights of the laymen, particularly the incumbent of Liverpool and the curate of his own parish. It was incumbent upon them to be on their guard, but their opposition was not a factious opposition, as had been alleged. Mr. W. G. PENNINGTON had great pleasure in seconding the adoption of the petition which had been read. It asserted the old Protestant principle of the right of private judgment, which was the only ground on which to take their stand. The battle was not of their seeking, but had been forced upon them ; their attitude was not one of attack, but simply of defence, and they might be confident of a successful issue when they remembered that Thrice is he armed, who hath his quarrel just. Mr. RICHARD STUBUd rose to protest against any doubt being thrown upon the Queen's supremacy, which, he contended, was part of the constitutional law of the land, and had been unmistakably asserted against the Papal aggression. They might don't Her Majesty's supremacy in Botany Bay, but there was no doubt about it at all in England. (Cheers and laughter.) The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Mr. W. G. MACARTHY moved the fifth resolution as follows: - That a standing Committee consisting of the following gentlemen Captain Dumaresq, Richard Sadleir, J. B. Darvall, T. W. Smith, W. T. Cape, Richard Keys, Richard Johnson, George M'Lcay, James Macarthur, Robert Johnson, G W. Pennington, Thomas Holt's junior, Captain H.ere, John Croft, George T. Rogers, Francis Not division, W. N. Piddington, W. Macarthur, W. Spain, W. S. Moutry, R. T. Holt, J. li. Cullyur, with power to add to their number, be appointed to take such steps as may >ip|H'iir to them to be necessary for carrying out the objects of this meeting, and that the Committee be specially enjoined to do their utmost to procure the adoption of the spirit of these resolutions in any measure or measures which may be submitted for the consideration of Um Imperial Parliament. Mr. MORT would only offer a few brief observations in support of this resolution. He felt they were deeply indebted to those gentlemen who had bestowed so much research upon the subject for whilst he and others were content to look at it in a common sense view, he was glad to find that those who had gone abstrusely into the question proved that their conclusions were in accordance with that common sense view. He was satisfied there never would be peace in the Church-such peace as would enable her to carry out her legitimate objects, until they had an acknowledged fountain head from which all laws and regulations affecting her should be derived. This was set forth in the petition, which he should rather call a protest. He did not believe that if St. Paul himself were to come down upon earth to administer the power now enjoyed by the Bishop of Sydney, and that which he sought to obtain, he would give satisfaction, The power sought by the Bishop, he verily believed would be no less detrimental to himself than to the whole Church. He cheerfully echoed the sentiment of esteem and respect for the Bishop which others had given expression to. He knew the Bishop well, and he believed no man of purer intentions existed in the world and it was therefore the more extraordinary and the more painful that he should stand in the religion which he did to them now. He was sure if they could only meet him individually and persuade him to accord to them their wishes he would become the most popular man in the colony, and en- dear himself to every man by his virtue and genuine piety, if he would give up his exclusiveness and meet them on equ in terms. (Hear, hear.) But common sense taught him that no more power could reside 'in ecclesiastical than in civil rulers. Power could only emanate from the wishes and desires of the people, without deference to which it was impossible to secure unanimity. He was sorry to be battling on the opposite side to his lordship, but the battle was not of their own seeking, and it was a question on which he felt they were bound to make the strongest stand. His lordship was the one who began the fray ; it was he who proposed alterations in the constitution of the Church, and how could he be surprised therefore if the laity resisted to the ut- most what they considered a dangerous innovation. As the petition was one of very great importance, it was most desirable that a full committee should be appointed for the battle was only beginning, and in the multitude of councillors: there was wisdom. He therefore trusted that gentlemen interested in the question would at once give in their names as joining in the committee. He concluded by seconding the resolution. After a few words from Dr. Collyer, in support, the resolution was put and carried unanimously. On the motion of Mr. T. W. SMITH, the Chairman then left the chair, which was taken by Dr. Collyer, and a vote of thanks having been accorded to Captain Dumaresq, the meeting broke up at a quarter-past six o clock. 