MOUNT ALEXANDER. Forest Creek, April 4th, 1852. Next to punctuality, brevity is said to be the soul of business, and judging from your late notice to Correspondents, it is evident that you wish it to form an important feature in their commu- nications to the Argus. With a view, there- fore, of acting in accordance with your wishes, my present communication shall be of the briefest. I shall say nothing of the roads between this place and Melbourne, as that subject has been very fully handled by your Special Com- missioner. I shall consequently slip over this —as His Excellency on his late visit to the Diggings must have seen the Kyneton and Coliban Bridges. I have no knowledge of the parties who constructed those bridges, but it is pretty evident that a large gridiron must have been selected for their model. That many accidents have not happened in crossing is a great mercy, and goes very far to prove that next to cats, goats, and monkeys, the Austra- lian horses are the most sure-footed animals in all creation. It is but justice to say that within the last few days a slight covering, or what gardeners would call top dressing, of sand, dust, and pebbles, has been thrown on to cover the bars of the Kyneton Bridge, which is likely to prove of permanent utility in the event of no rain falling this winter. The Coliban Bridge is rapidly approaching com- pletion, as I observed no less than three car- penters, and one man employed in carting stuff for filling up. Although I engaged to skip over the roads, I cannot avoid mentioning a very singular incident relating to a mounted orderly or policeman in distress and in search of his horse. We were camping on the new line of road through the Black Forest on Sun- day night last, and had just "turned in" when we were disturbed by the enquiry of "Any- body he—aw ?'' Being half asleep, on hear- ing this very exquisite enquiry, I expected to be confronted by "Lord Frederic Verisopht,"or his ghost. Our doubts were, however, very soon put at rest by the appearance of a mounted policeman, who continued his enquiries in the same very elegant strain—"Did you hee—ar a horseman pass by hee—aw ?" On being answered very civilly in the negative, he ap- peared to be much alarmed, and ex- claimed, "Good God! what shall I do for my horse?" In plain English, he informed us that he had merely dismounted for a few moments, when on returning he found some fellow had taken the liberty of riding away with his horse, and being a trooper, I presume I may add, in the words of the song, "his long sword, saddle, bridle," &c.; One of my companions mo- destly enquired where all this occurred, and received the very laconic reply of "hee—aw hee—aw," and thus disappeared this very exquisite specimen of a policeman,* who, al- though ostensibly paid to protect the interests of the public, was not capable of taking care of his own horse. But I am wandering—my duty is simply to narrate, and not to comment, so let us dismiss the policeman at once, and proceed to the Diggings. On reaching Forest Creek, we found that although there had been much rain in Melbourne, but little had fallen here, indeed scarcely sufficient to cleanse the leaves of the various species of eucalypti of the dust which your Special Com- missioner assured your readers had settled thereon, and which he very poetically described as adorning either bank of the creek. The diggers looked anxious and dissatisfied with their share of rain, and showed as plain as looks could show, an evident incli- nation—like Oliver Twist—to "ask for more." Water is still, as a matter of course, scarce, and sells for sixpence per bucket, and unless it is purchased early in the day, it cannot be obtained at any price. Flour has this day taken a sudden rise to £10 the bag. Meat has also risen to 5s. the hind quarter; indeed, un- less rain soon falls many parties will be com- pelled to leave. Independently, however, of the high prices of provisions, and the absence of water it is evi- dent that generally speaking, the diggers are not disheartened, but are building, comparatively speaking, comfortable huts in the immediate neighbourhood of the creek as a shelter from the hardships to be expected from the approaching winter. The weather until the 22nd was showery and dull, but the 23rd and 24th, the days have been like summer weather, and there is no more appearance of rain than there was a month back. A live toad was dug out of the sandstone, at a depth of thirty feet, in the Adelaide Gulley, this morning, where we may presume he has been imbedded for ages—probably since the globe was first deposited in this locality—but this is a question which I shall, as usual, leave to the investigation of the learned in geological mat- ters. It was about an inch and a half in length, and apparently not perfectly formed, the legs being longer than those peculiar to the species resembling the reptile found. It was to be presented to His Excellency. The new road being formed is a great improve- ment on the old one, for which I presume for once since we have been a separate colony we have to thank the Executive, but beyond this I have seen nothing either in the road or at the Diggings to justify the eulogium in your special commissioner's communications of the 21st instant. In conclusion I would advise all those who intend wintering at the Mount whether at present here or on the road, to lose no time establishing themselves before the setting in of the wet season, and to those who have not yet left town, I would most particularly impress upon their minds the necessity of bringing with them sup- plies sufficient to last three month at least. Eight prisoners were despatched to town this morning escorted by a body of police. His Excellency is also expected to leave for town this morning; whilst your humble servant and his party will remain at the Dig- gings, to turn up the dirty acres. Should we chance to fall upon "the child of the earth with gold hair," we shall not fail very tenderly to wash, carefully rock, and duly inform you of our own and other proceedings at the Port Philip El Dorado. This day, 4th, a man was killed in his hole by the falling in of a quantity of soil. This, I am sorry to say, is but one of a continued series of similar accidents, arising entirely from a want of proper precaution in having, boul- ders or supporters while in the act of under- mining. I trust that the present melancholy occurrence may act as a salutatory lesson to others similarly employed. There is already a cluster of graves, many of which have been fenced in, where lie the remains of those who have died from accident and other causes, in full view of the Argus office, but on the opposite bank of the creek. Last night and this morn- ing we could only succeed in obtaining half a bucket of water from the owner of the well, and that of the consistency of pea soup. Un- less rain falls speedily many parties must leave the Diggings, or suffer very materially from the want of that very necessary element. DANIEL BUNCE. * Is Mr. Bunce quite sure that his visitor was anything quite so "celestial" as a policeman? From the style of the gentleman's conversation we should have fancied that he might have been only an Auditor-General.—ED. A. 