AGE averts (PUBLISHED DAILY.) I ant in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." FRIDAY. 10th DECEMBER. KING NEIGHBORS. It is difficult to devise any scheme for sufficiently showing the gratitude which the good people of this Colony ought to feel, for the kind services of their fellow subjects in the adjacent Colonies. The vigilant anxiety with which we are watched-the tender solicitude expressed for our various ups and downs the generous complacency with which our prosperity is greeted-the affecting sympathy with which we are con- sold in our hour of sorrow-all indicate a touching cordiality towards us, which ought to excite our warmest thankfulness. We have only one little fault to find ; the susceptibility is too extreme to be quite genuine. Under the fervid protestations of the heartiest interest, we sometimes fancy that we can detect the cant of the pretender to the character of friend. The last instance of this beautiful and neighborly anxiety for our welfare appears in the Sydney papers just received. 'I he Empire of the 4th instant comes out with an article headed in all the impressiveness of large capitals " PANIC IN VICTORIA." As this " panic " may probably be quite a bit of news to the great bulk of the people of the Colony subjected to its action, we. give the article in full. PANIC IN VICTORIA. Advices from Melbourne by the overland mail yesterday inform as of a new phase of the perilous transition through which that community Is tortuously passing. Our intelligence is to the tJrd of Nov, an consists only at a few naked facts, but the facts are in themselves more important than any thing receive I from that colony for months past During the part nick wily forty thousand ounces of gold had been received from all the mining districts, while the importation of flour comprised 9 SCO bags from the neighboring colonies, and a consider able quantity from America This great falling off in the production of these rich and extensive gold field which alitilewhil«ago,»eemedinexhaus able, as I i>r. duced a state of things which is described as approximating to a perfect panic Hour resided, on the appearance of this new supply, to a point on HERMIT ru it on speculators, who, on the spot or at the distance at a fewhu*idr«d miles, were sinking tor inordinate profits, and the shock of this sudden death was so sensibly felt that sales were almost as possible Flour in barrels of 200 lbs had been sold at 35s-, and the price.- understood to be nominal, quo led at the mills, was 425 per ton It ital unhappy office to be the prophet of evil and it Were a most unwise thing to exaggerate misfortune We have left ourselves constrained, time weeping reverses which we gamesters inevitable in the distempered excitement of the sister colony, but we would Miall to avoid being inst animal in reading any premature alarm What we state is derived from a source which we believe is units a annable , and it is too unhappily, ? couBniinlion of the Ju»tDe-.»ol our views, put lot than currant issue, of the social derangement and commercial instability of Vic tory Upon the faith of this terrible affliction which has fallen upon us, the Empire conjures the people of Victoria to fly from the Nineveh which is fast sinking into ruins, and to seek the happier clune, has ample resources, the more fertile soil of New South ir. lei ! We have had enough of this sort of nonsense; and we really think that the time has come when we ought to protest against it. It is quite time when the tu- pure, honest and intelligent as we acknowledge it to be", thus repeats its previous faults lends itself to the pro- pagation of a virtual falsehood-and thereby probably compromises the prospects of thousands of ILOSP, whose v, el fare it is its bounden duty to study. There is no ' panic" in Victoria, and there has been none, the yield of the mines for the last few weeks has not been so extravagantly great as it had previously been. Individual profit to the diggers has not been quite so large. 'the expectation of importations of flour, and the certainty of the new crop soon coming to market, have somewhat suddenly reduced the price of that article. The sale of merchandise is not quite so brisk as it was. And the value of house property and land is somewhat diminished. But this is not panic. No sane man holds the opinion that the gold fields are exhausted ; no reasonable man thinks that they are at all likely to be. 'They believe that the present hurried and scrambling system may come to an end and they devoutly hope that it will do so, in this n firm conviction that the welfare of the Colony, will be very materially promoted by the subsiding of what is likely long to be its principal branch of industry, Uto v regular duty somatic pursuit. The slight check in prices and property is one of the best things that could have happened, to enable us to cool our imagination, and steady our nerves, which the high speculative spirit lately rapidly developing itself amongst us, might soon have heated to an unhealthy degree, or strung to a dangerous tension. It is by such occasional breathings that social de- rangement and commercial instability are warded off, and the journals of the neighboring colonies should know this before they attempt to frighten us, with their raw head and bloody Lone articles, and ghosts of parties. Since the first discovery of the gold mines of, Victoria, we believe we have kept ourselves tolerably free from anything like local jealousy, or tendency to disparage the gold fields of other colonies. In fact we have erred upon the other side. We have copied, week after week, without remark or pre- test the often nonsensical sophistry of their gold brokers and agents, who have sedulously endeavored to bear down the solid yield of the Victorian mines by inflated references-to the unknown' riches of their own. We have allowed them to speak unchecked and unrebuked in this" style, while their figures of actual returns acted as a ridiculous accompaniment to their vain glorious paragraphs We have constantly read of some such, weekly amounts as 35 ounces from Goulburn, 626 ounces from Braidwood, and 48 ounces from Tambaroora, side by side with our own scores of thousands of ounces, by single Escorts and while we laughed in our sleeve at the monstrous duckings over such very small chickens, we disdained to enter into serious argument, to show the fallacy of such statements, although repeated ad nauseam. "With equal numbers of miners, the yield of our mines would be at least equal, has been the incessant cry. We may ask now, as we might have asked at first, why equal numbers of miners were waiting New South Wales first found gold. She had nearly three times our population to appeal to. The wages of ordinary labor were lower there than they have been with us for years. Why did not Summerhill and the Turon attract as large numbers as Balaarat and Mount Alexander? The reason is obvious. And in the constant iteration of the absurd cry we have alluded to, we now tell the newspaper writers and gold brokers of Sydney, that they have been guilty of at piece of contemptible childishness, of which they ought to be ashamed. We have published their circulars, because we knew that the wheat of their facts would easily be winnowed from the chaff of their arguments. We have never yet condescended to expose the folly of their statements and we should not do so now, but that we grieve to see a journal holding the position of the Empire, led away into such absurdities as it has perpetrated in the above article. We do not wish to keep all the gold to ] ourselves, nor all the people to ourselves. We believe that the interests of these Colonies are bound up together, and that it is better for all, that all should advance- that all should be fairly peopled- that all should have a chance of developing to the utmost any resources of which they may be I possessed. Ways are no believers s' any possible advantage from a plethora of population in Victoria, and a dearth amongst her n neighbors. Let the human tide flow freely and unconfined, say we, when- ever its natural impulses may lead it. We were no alarmists when the pulses of our colonists were first quickened by the cry of " Gold in Australia." And now, when the fact is established beyond all doubt, of this being one of this richest gold-fields in the world, we disclaim all tinge of that narrow-minded selfishness which would seek to monopolize the whole profit of this great discovery, or would fail to feel hearty pleasure in recognising the progress ! in wealth, and happiness, and liberty of every colony around. 