FREE INSTITUTIONS. ACCORDING to Talleyrand, speech was given to man to conceal his thoughts and a certain class of politicians in this colony seem to act on the principle that free institutions are given to us for the suppression of every other opinion but their own, and that a free assembly, instead of reflecting various sentiments, should be the representative mirror of exclusive views. The chief value of such institutions is of an entirely opposite character, and consists in their acting as the safety-valve of public opinion, and affording an opportunity for debate and discussion, under proper rules and in becoming language, upon topics of general and local interest. A tyrannous repression of adverse opinion invariably reacts upon itself, and gene- rates passions and prejudices fatal to the enjoy- ment of true liberty. Error is clung to, instead of being corrected by seeming persecution and the ultimate tyranny of factions will be the inevitable destiny of a people . swayed and governed by such passions. History teaches us that men seek a refuge in despotism from the universal dread and weariness of strife. As one is said to " grow old by thinking of the frosty Caucasus," so the judgment, by dwell- ing upon one single subject, sometimes becomes heated like Nebuchadnezzar's furnace, ready for the immolation of all who will not fall down and worship every brazen image of absurdity that is set up under the guise of a political axiom or creed. But reason no more than conscience can be forced beyond certain bounds, and our political mentors may obtain homage from a select body of worshippers, at the expense, however, of general condemnation. The excesses of enthusiasm may be excused, but not the concert of calculation. Public opinion is quite sound on the question of the total abolition of transportation, however the necessity of individuals may compel them to make use of compulsory labour. It is intoler- ance alone which provokes even individual hostility: if it were not used as the war-cry of faction and the shield of oppression, the memory of transportation would soon cease. . But it is not only the suspicion, but the certainty of its being on all occasions served as the pretence to cover ulterior designs, and to establish an oligarchy upon its ruins, which creates alarm. To continue transporta- tion to these shores with the temptation of the gold-fields in the neighbourhood, every one must feel to be a moral enormity, independently of the claims the colony has to a redemption from its evils, and which are furnished in its advancement and in its own innate strength. But when they hear that if transportation had been long since abolished, there would be now abundance of free labour in the island, they treat it like one of those melodramatic pictures of ruin of course due to the same cause, with which it was formerly the custom to pay the foreign creditor. With the progress of events they see it assume various shapes, more or less adapted to the emergency or the caprice of party, and converted into a back for the tilting of Council chivalry. They recognise no truth in the inglorious tournament, but are inclined to smile at the barber's " basin," which they insist on sticking on their head for Mambrino's helmet. It is self-evident that the Home Government cannot continue transportation in opposition to the declared sentiments of the Elective Assembly. They discussed it and terminated it last session, and with one accord, after this declara- tion, refused to enter upon a subject which had been worn threadbare. They appear, however, to have got fresh wind during the recess, and think they cannot play too much on the same German (late. We might listen with patience if there was anything lively in the air, but the same stupid strain grates harshly and monotonously on the car. They think it necessary to " explode" on every occasion, and dress up a mock Frankenstein for the enlightenment of the people, but should take care that the ghost may not turn out, after all, to be a disagreeable phantom to themselves. Those who would establish a moral inquisition of opinion cannot complain of being reminded of the Inquisition sentence, "There is a world beyond." They have been made to feel that a responsibility is due to the source whence they derive their brief authority, which was conferred upon them for the general benefit of the community, and not for purposes of vindictiveness or self-aggran- disement. "There is a world beyond even their ulterior schemes 