PARAMATTA. . '= Piiüitcu.-'Ihe ceremony of lay ST' ÍJfoATstone tfiok Plac? 0nf ^ed" isg ,h8,°r The weather waa threatening, DMtoÄge assemblage of all classes were ^"^TamonRSt tne crowd we identified ?röent; ^Iho had vvitnessed the laying of the onect two *»» hB°^church in the year 1790. ** 6t0nl eommcnced at 12 o'clock. The ^tSeTsvcS, felled by the Revs. 11. S'ffcop °i ?J,ik¡nSnn. Stiles, Canieron, Forrest, 110 /i w «he spot for laying the stone ; îf «lroce being restored, the clergy and iA°¡' lc "ed alternate veises of the 132nd Hi The lesson for the day, from the first I* ,," ", 3rd chapter, was next rend by the """înt theKev. H. Bobart. andihe collect ^"t fcffl of St. John, Evangelist, Mi. W kins (church warden) next placed m the J, ¿lass bottle containing several new * . !nunSetof g Id, and the following m ^t'ion on parehmcnt -"The foundation fP fnr the rebuilding of this church, named fjin' 'vas hud bj the Bight Reve-end w, , m Grant Broughton, D D , Lord Bishop «,!, pv «nilMetropolitan, on the 11 th August, I ti so* Vim« i '. Q'"-tn of Gi ent Britain , tr ti, de, Augustus r.17 Rov, K C U , Go % General, li... rj Ho Idjinson Boban \- . I tumbent, Irnneis Walk ns, Edward THMinbe Bowling, and John M'Mnnus, Chara "dens, James Houison Architect Thorne being adjusted, the Bishop rep-ated ¿wwords, (striking the stone with tilt mal- let) 'Ihy this as the foundation and corner Se (fa church to be rebuilt m this place, Zitd the Church of St John the Ei mgelist, md tobe set apart for pic iching the right ca- tholic faith, which we believe and contes«, ni Ik name of the Father, Son, and Hoi} Ghost, ¡Ln Ihe clergy with the people then re "e ( I the Apostles' Cn ed , next the Bishop, >' the Lord he with you," the people ansvv ermg ««el with thy spin." The Bishop and Mopleirxt repeated the liorel s J.-* rayer, ana jhc Bishop ilone, the prayer appointed to be «iii on such occasions. His lordship then ad- dressed the congregation to the following ef- fect " On the pribCiit solemn occasion, when performing that winch perhaps might be his jáítoíh i ti «tt in this colony ; he was loieibly reminded that more than twenty years had elapsed since he had first ministered amongst them If he had follow ed his ow n inclination or studied Ins own case, he might have re- mained in his own diocese without exposing himself to the inconveniences of a long vo) age, out he believed tint the path ol duty was the pith ofsifcty, and alter the most careful ton adi ration, he had arrived at the conclusion that it was for the good of the diocese that he should le ive the colony for a time A bishop might sometimes be tngaged most ustfuliy eren «hen absent from his own diocèse, and his lordship behe\ed that by undertaking a voyage to the mother country, and talcing counsel with that Church whicâ h id sent lum forth to this part of the world, he would m st effec'uillvst'-ie the cause of religion m New South V/ules To advert io the coremon) in .whic'i they were now engaged, he would observe that the) weie assembled to lay the foundation stone lor rebuilding what might be termed the oldest church in the touhri hemisphere. Their might haveb-tn other structures of a temporir) kind in which divine worship hid been eel - ¿rated, but ho behci ed that bt. John's w as the oldest church connected with the communion of the Chun li nf Englmd in this part of the Globe. Like other buildings of a similar cha rac'er.St J ha's had fallen ti decay, and it nts neces«aiy io re-edily it He trusted that a subît n ni édifiée would arise iiom its ramp, more enduring than that which had passed awa). In an infant community there ?»ere manv dilliculties in erecting splendid edific b Hie populattun was scittered, and monev «is also widely diffused, whilst those who »ere the most wealthy did not always pos- ses the spirit to contribute to religious mulei taking It was not to be expected, therefore, that vie euuld have such magnificent chinches and cathedrals as adorned the mother counti) , bul he trusted the time would arrive when tue masMie structure would take the place of the humble building Peop'e must have made considerable advancement in science and edu- cation before such eccles istical specimens of archtt cture could ans , und the population must belmore concentrated than it was nt .present When he considered that their late i reverend pastor, Mr Marsden, had ministered so many vears within the late building, he thought there was a strong inducement to eon tnbtite towards its re-edification Mr. Mars- den had distinguiBticd himself not merel} in this colon}, but his labours had extended to New Zeiland and the Isles of the Pacific , and his Lordship was rejoiced to think that the TFOik which had been onginall} projected by Mi M irsden was now so successfully carried out bv his dear brother the present Bishop of Ne* Zealand He trusted, therefore, tint the church would be rebuilt in a supenoi style, but at the same time he would ndvise them to "Bit down and count the cost." lest in a spirit of ruheuto it might be said that thej had com- menced to build and were not able to finish It was a wise and scriptural caution that in all undertakings the cost should be counted, and he trusted, by jierseverante and patient continuance m well-doing, the Church of St John would be rebuilt without exposing the contributors to the taunt of ridicule But above all he would entreat them to implore the Divine blessing on their labours, 'except the Lord build the house they labour m vain that build it,' and nothing could prosper without prajer to Almighty God, through the all-prev ailing name of his son Jesus Christ He would also add that which he frequently said bef ire, that in all underta lungsof this kind people must give contmuallj As God blessed ti em let them laj by something periodically, weekly, naj, even d ulj, until the ?work was accomplished By prnyer to God, by diligence in contributing, und bj their united efforts, he hoped th et the walls vvoul I rise again, nnd that the ' hend-stone shall be brought forth with shoutings ' " His lordship then called upon the people to bing the old hundredth psalm previous to the pronouncing of the blessing "On the present occasion,' he said, ' there was something peculiar!} inter- esting to 1 im in pronou io ng the benediction, forheviasou tho eve of departing from them for a season He trusted indeed that God .would bless them nnd the work in which they Trceeigaged." IhoBishopthendismissad them ?ffitli me benediction lite palish children .were after the ceremony, legated with take «nd huns, and the people generally seemed touch gratified EUOTORAI LISTS -Saturdav, the 14th m<-t, « the duy appointed for holding a Court of Petty Sessions for the revibion ot the electoral ha s, lor both tow n and dtst-itt of Parramatta and Ln ci pool INQUEST-An Inquest was held at Liver- pool, at the " cricketers," before Mr C B. Lyons Coroner for the district, on the 9th inst, on view of the body of Thomas Matthews, then and there lying dead. From the evidence taken it appeared that deceased had been in the service of Mr Lackey, off and on for three years. He had been at his work, as usual, un- til dinner time, when he asked for a settle- ment of his wages, Mr. Lackey gave him fourteen shillings and four-pence , he went to Liverpool to buy shoes,he said he was about sixty years old, and would drink freely when he could get it. He went to a shop kept by one Mrs Brennan, where he was taken ill, and died in the evening. Constable Sheppard, Chief Constable of Liverpool district, gave the house a bad name, and stated that he was sent for, and removed the body to Mr, Ashcroft's. He also sent for Dr Russell, who gave it as his opinion, that death was caused by intemperance. Verdict in accor- dance with the medical evidence. Another inquest was held at Prospect, on the 10th inst, before Mr C. B Lyons, coroner for the district, on view of the body of Mary Saunders. Robert Campbell deposed, I am a labourer, and was in the service of Mrs. Saunders, who now lies dead. She was in Parramatta quite well on Wednesday last, at sunrise on Thursday morning, when I came to my work, I tapped at Mrs Saunders' window, (she had told me to do so on Wednesday evening, if she was not up at her usual time), when I tapped, deceased answered me; I walked away for about ten minutes, found she was not getting up to open the door, and I tapped again, she answered me as before, ' Oh ' oh!" After waiting about ten minutes more, I rapped a third time ; and she answered as before. I then went to turn some cattle off the ground. When I returned the door was partly open ; I went in, and looking towards my mistress' bed-room, I saw her head leaning against the door post, sitting on the floor, I went and lifted her up, and asked what was the matter, she said, " oh Campbell, I fell," I put her on the bed, and went to tell John Redding, who is now present. I asked her if I should send for a doctor ; she said, no. She remained in bed and could not move herself. Again, on Friday last, I asked her if she would have the doctor, she said she did not want a doctor. I was the only person who attended her until Thursday, when my wife came. Mr. John Tebbutt, son-in-law- of deceased, was sent for, and came on Sunday. My mistress died about eight o'clock yesterday (Monday) morning. John Tebbutt deposed —I am a landholder, and reside at Windsor. I married Mrs. Saunders' daughter; the last witness came for me, and I returned with him on Sunday night ; I found Mrs. Saunders in bed very ill ; she knew me, and held out her hand, asking me indistinctly how I was ; I sat with her until midnight, and as she was very anxious for me to go to bed, which she ordered to be got ready for me, I went into the next room and sat by the fire ; deceased slept, and woke up again at times ; Campbell's wife went in occasionally. At daybreak of Monday I went into Parramatta for my wife, and brought out Dr. Parsons also. When I got back the last witness said she had been dead fifteen minutes. She made no complaint of any one. Susannah Campbell, wife of the first witness, confirmed the statement of the two last witnesses", adding that Mrs. Saunders told her she was subject to fainting fits, and that she had a dreadful sharp pain in her side. Deceased was upwards of eighty years of age, and was a large heavy woman. Dr. Parsons stated, he was called to visit deceased on Monday morning, and on arrival at the house found her dead. He had examined the body, and found no marks or appearances to account for her death, with the exception of a small scratch on her right arm. He had been told that she had a fall on Thursday last, and injured her side, of which she had complained of from that time ; he therefore inferred from these circumstances, and the evidence before given, that she died from the effects of the fall. The verdict of the jury was, that the death of Mary Saunders had been caused by an accidental fall. 