THE TIT EP. SOM ET H J N G A BO UT TH E DU A PK US' SPUING MEETING BY NIMROD'S GHOST. IT is devoutly to be hoped that the cog- nomen we liuve assumed ns n "sporting Critic, will not Alarm the weak nerves ol' the N.S.W. Turlites, nor cause them in " their troublous dreams" any more tear- ful *. phantasmagoria" than tho '* honest shade" of ''so youd mid true"' a Sporis man, that none hut a Methodist or Ana baptist cutt doubt his being ono of the happy few who are for ever enjoying themselves in the hunting grounds ol Indian mythology. To assume thu " nomme de guerre" of tho departed Apperly. may be deemed pre- sumption, but we most positively allirni that inasmuch as we merely call ourselves his " ghost," aud thereby throw oft' the " corpureal," it is impossible to uccuao us of " treading iaadead man's- shoes" eri;o, we cannot" put our foot'in it" q.e d. Huvitig thus delivered ourselves of a prologue, wo will proceed to the .* pith and manow ol' oar discourse ; and trust, when tho limo may arrive for the epi- logue, that the racing public may bestow some little applause on our endeavours tc ! instruct and amuse. I It is ul read y trite to remark that tin Sports of this Colony ctn hold a vorj favourable comparison with those of 'thc mother country : as in SPUED we ar« very little behind some of the best made time on record ; and in BOTTOM thc Colonial hoi ses stand A.I ; but still wc are a long way from pur feet, and till breeders take such nn interest in thc Turf ru) tn establish Produce mid Three Years Old Stakes, which shall really amount to large sums, rucing will not be a profitable investment. Experience ha« fully proved that the larger tho Slake competed for, the moro money is laid oui by Ilia public; and however much ihosi Puritans, who aro ' righteous overmuch,' itiiiy' exclaim against tho seductive .vlei unbelting, wt cannot : but aUow,. that wluu "on, thu square," such jpoeuliitipii! are legitimate, anti tim w'niiiinjH " hones! gains." Perhaps, in-no purt of the World thau in Our Home Circle, areVlurgei number ot horses bird every year :'iiticJ from tho (ic'jHsiniml " good/uns" thal astonish un, it may be fairly inferred thal wu "can produce ns good stuck, holli foi peed and weight currying, as England, the Americas, or toe Kost. But the worst of it is. that our breeders are an con- foundedly careless, that the best TITS (if the truth were told). cnn scarcely have :hi-ir pedigree traced for a single genera lion. " Weedy mares," and bad condi- tioned or had tempered horses, aro turned out together, anti their progeny i.« left to chance. In consequence, we find the majority of our Mons consist of puny, lop-eared, ewe-necked, low-withered, fiat-sided, cow-hocked, Jong-patterned, &c;, &c;, &'c , animals which would be dear at a ni ft, as there is no call for dog's meat. On this subject, however, Nim- rod's Ghost hopes to have a further op- portunity of enlarging. So we will hark back, " a nos moutons.'' (No witticism is here intended about trotters ! oh I ! !) Yet may it be hoped that the hint will not pass mino- ticed hy some of our lanie breeders, and that taking our interference in the ritjht spirit, they will lend us assistance in developing the bright vista which opens before our mind's eye. In reviewing the list of Races at the approaching Drapers' Meeting, we find a decided improvement on last your's pro- gramme. More public money is cou ! tended for, and lhere are two additional I Purses to increase the amusement. But, ! uatlteless, as a Sporting Critic, we cuu not give ALL praise, when we conscien ) tiously believe there is some injustice j done to the Sporting World ; and, to our ! minds, there is fur loo much restriction J in many of the entries. For example, i the first race of the day is the Drapers' Purse of 150 sovereigns, " for all horses that never won an advertised prize, &c.;" Now, this being to all intents and pur- poses a Maiden Plate, will pass neuter ; yet although " u rose, by any other name, may smell ns sweet," it would have been more correct to have styled it nt least a Trial Stakes. By the bye, as first SECOND, and THIRD (!) horses aro tc receive, how is it that there is no obliga- tion fur PO UK to start ? The Tradesmen's Purse of 70 sove- reigns, for all horses that have never won an advertised prize exceeding 30 sovs. Ac, is open, in our humble opinion, tc several objections. Firstly, although meant to be exclusive, it does not at al answer the purpose, as Country Maidet: Platos seldom exceed the amount speer lied ; anti secondly, the very provisior that no allowance he mnde for maidens invalidates the object proposed by th< BAR. But, oh ! sh.ides of Bentinck ant other Turf demi- nods I what daring in- novator suggested a second neut for 2( sovereigns-the winner of the first, ant distanced horses, excluded ? Is that ni oracular way of adveitising " a singh event" for 70 sovereigns ? The Handicap calls for no purtictila remark beyond this, that great can should be taken in thc selection of th« weight-makers, as none but men of ex perieiice know " the distance of evei 3 lbs." The Prince of Wales Stakes, as pe list, is a selling stakes. We never wen partial to this Kind of race, ns it afford largo scope for "jobbing ;" but there i always a chance of a "screw" winnini it, and we like to see il so fall out. The Tally-ho Slakes, inasmuch a they are weight for age, meet our appro batiou. There have never boen su cl good Steeple Chases and Hurdle Race n3 since tho abolition of equal Welte weights ; but wo do not see why an; previous winner, considering the man; chances of cross-country work, shoult carry 7 lbs. extra. The Hurry Skurry over Hurdles cull for no remark,but'tis sure to make fui enongh to talk about when over. The Fnish is rather a hi¡;gledy-pig gledy complication of weights, extri weights, and allowances ; mid we thin! looks most promising tn result in "pro tests, bungles," and " altercation." The Hack Rnco should certainly no liave the " addendum" of forcing thi winner to bo sold for 20 stivereisns, &c; Many a mun who is font] of having a bi of fly-away horse-flesh, will naturall; enough deny himself the pleasure of see ing his favourite knacker play at gallop ing, for fear it should accidentaly wm mid the unhappy owner have to trudg home on " Shanks" mare. In conclusion, whilo congratulatin¡ the Sporting Public that wo have at ou head those who from their knowledge cai direct, and from their position assist thu most manly and exciting of linglisl diversions, horse-racing, wo beg ti add that if these few remarks do nu amount to much ii» "substance," wha can be expected from the first at tenir at scribbling by a «. phantoai 1" 