To the Editor of the " INDEPENDENT JOURNAL." Sir,-As a portion of my last lecture on Astronomy has been presented to the public in a very mutilated form, permit me, through the columns of your journal, to give it as delivered it at the Mechanics' Institution. Having noticed Kepler's second law " that the motion is the more rapid the nearer the planet is to the Sun, so that the radius victor always describes equal surfaces in a given time," or in other words, that the planets describe equal areas in equal times: I then shewed that the mean distance of the Earth from the Sun was (95,000,000) ninety-five millions of miles; her greatest distance on the 1st July. (96,500,000) ninety-six millions and five hundred thousand ; and her nearest position on the 31st December, (93,500,000) ninety- three millions and five hundred thou- sand miles. In proof of this, the Sun on the 31st December gives an angle of (32½) thirty- two minutes and a half, and on the 1st July an angle of (31½) thirty-one minutes and a half. I then shewed that the mean velocity of the Earth in her orbit, was 38,130 miles in an hour, and that if we represent this number by the decimal 1.00000, then her greatest velo- city on the 31st December will be represented by 1.03386, and her least velocity on the 1st July by .96614; in proof of this, that from our Vernal Equinox the 23rd September to the Autumnal Equinox the 20th March, there were five or six days less than from the 20th March to the 23rd September, viz. : gravity acting upon the Earth caused her to move over one half of her orbit, in six days less than she required in describing the other half of her orbit. I then concluded with the following : " The existence of this principle (gravity) and its undeviating laws, serve to allay our fears With regard to a concussion of our globe against any of the sister planets. Such a shock is beyond the range of possibility in the established order of things, and this all-per- vading principle must be dissolved, and its hitherto immutable laws abrogated, before such a disaster could possibly happen. The orbits of the planets are so immensely distant from each other, that so long as they move in those orbits there can never be a concussion. The orbits of the planets are so well defined and so equally balanced by projectile force and attractive influence, that they can never leave those orbits except in obedience to the fiat of the Almighty. Away then with all groundless fear from the Astronomer's mind, in reference to a shock from our sister planets. There is a possibility however, and it is only a possibility, that such a dreadful catastrophe should ever happen, and such a possibility ought to strike down Atheistical presumption, and inspire the inhabitants of our globe with humility and reverence. Comets cross the orbits of the planets in all directions, and though they all appear to obey the attractive influence of our Sun, yet only three are known to move by any fixed laws. Of the others we can only say their bodies puzzle the Astronomer, their appearance alarms the ignorant, and they glide majestically away into the immensity of space by some unknown path perhaps never to return; they appear like so many winged mysterious messengers of wrath obedient only to Infinite Sovereignty. Should one of these strike our globe in the line of motion, the consequence might be that it would be hurried away beyond the in- fluence of the sun, until coming within the range of the attractive influence of some other Sun, circle around him and become an attend- ant planet in his train. Or should a comet meet our globe in opposition, the shock of such a concussion must be tremendous, and the effect would be either the total destruc- tion of animal life, or the complete dismem- berment of continents and empires into the scattered fragments of a ruined world. Those ten Asteroids between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter, appear to be the fragments of a planet broken by some such violent concus- sion. But while such a supposition is per- fectly possible, it is very improbable that it shall ever happen, although comets cross the orbits of the planets in all directions and in elongated ellipses, still there is only one chance in 280 millions that a comet shall meet our planet in its path. Why should I then with my three-score and ten so indelibly written on my brow, suffer my mind to be needlessly alarmed with the impending danger. Every christian can say as the little sailor boy in the storm when the stoutest heart was appalled: " Why should I fear ? my Father's at the helm." A comet may hurry us on- wards to the Sun or in its flight kindle the whole Earth into one devouring flame, but this is an article of my christian faith-" for the Earth and the works which are therein shall be burned up," and perhaps by this very agency the Deity will accomplish the final conflagration of the world, and although in the calculation of chances, the possibility of such a catastrophe is in the ratio of only one to 280 millions, who can tell but that this solitary chance shall finally happen, not at random, not without control, but by the immutable decree of the Almighty ? The contemplation of the material world beneath and around us, shews the superior dignity of man and the high order of being to which he is raised. The contemplation of the heavenly bodies teaches him that his tiny existence is a state of almost utter insignifi- cance. In the coral reef-in the vegetable leaf- and in the ocean's drop, are myriads of little creatures bustling with life, but their almost ephemeral existence is soon past, while man outlives thousands of such existences and views their little life as a transient dream. In the mighty majesty of mind he governs this Earth as its delegated lord. The winds waft him from pole to pole. He makes the ocean the high-way to the most distant lands, and his home, wherever it is, is the emporium of the world. Seated in his triumphal car he buoys himself proudly up into the subtle fluid that surrounds our globe, or controlling at his ease the elements of fire and water, he flies along by their agency so as to outstrip the wind. The electric spark runs with the rapidity of lightning along the channel of the great deep, and in a few twinkles of yonder star carries his message to a distant shore. Well might the Grecian sages have said if they were on Earth now-"What a piece of work is man ! How noble in reason ! How infinite in faculties! In form and moving how express and admirable; in action how like an angel; in apprehension how like a god !" But the language was panagyrick then and it is only panagyrick still, for man dieth and wasteth away : "Yea, man giveth up the ghost and where is he !" Proud mor- tal behold yonder Sun throned in his glory in the midst of his vast dominions, wheeling around him in their orbits twenty-nine planets ; binding them all to his centre by an attractive influence; pouring around them in their days and seasons a flood of light. Look at the splendid panorama of the Heavens, and then look at Earth and the most gigantic works of man, and what are they ? a bubble on the great ocean of time-a faint emanation from the Divinity-a mere speck on the mighty creation of God. But there are other suns and other systems from which, if our Sun and all his princely train were withdrawn, there would be but a slight blank in the great field of creation. All the planets lie within the range of 3000 millions of miles from the Sun, but what are those red and greenish blue, and yellow and blue, and white and blue constellations that shine far away in the immensity of space ? The nearest of the fixed stars whose distance has been subjected to measurement (a Cen tauri) is 21 millions of millions of miles from the sun. Those cannot receive their light from the Sun, for Uranus and Neptune, which are not distant 3000 millions of miles, are in- visible to the naked eye. These stars must be suns shining with their own light, perhaps of greater magnitude than that Sun who rules our day, perhaps each attended with a solar system as splendid and as varied as our own. Why resist any longer the conclusion, that in boundless space there are multitudes of worlds and of suns, and that our system is but a part of the great whole, revolving in common with them all around some distant centre ? It is now an ascertained fact that our Sun is mov- ing in the direction of the star Hercules ; that in one quarter of the Heavens the stars appear to recede from one another, and in another quarter to approach slowly together. Arcturus moves two seconds North yearly, or one minute in thirty years, about a degree in 1800 years. These facts shew that what are usually denominated fixed stars have a mo- tion peculiar to themselves-but such a sub- ject is beyond our grasp : it is too incompre- hensible for us to explore, we are too short- lived to make the necessary observations, and whatever other men of other times may accomplish, in penetrating the far and to us unknown field of creation, we must lay us down and sleep the sleep of death in utter ignorance of those remote parts of the Uni- verse, until that period " when we shall know even as we are known." In conclusion, we have seen how intimately our bodies are connected with this Earth by the laws of attraction, and how universal the principle of gravitation is throughout the realms of nature, and that the atmosphere presses downwards by the same laws. But it does more ; it is the ever living witness of our actions and the sentiments we utter.* That subtle fluid penetrates into every nook and cranny and rushes through every opening ; at the still hour of midnight it floats softly around us to fan us in our sleep ; through it as a medium we hear the shout of battle, the booming of the artillery, and the shrieks of the dying ; but these sounds soon die away, not so the evidence which the atmosphere has received ; every molecule of air is as perfectly known-to Infinite Wisdom, and has its path, marked out as distinctly as any of the orbits of the planets, and the Deity has only to summon them at another day to convict the criminal of his most secret crimes. Can we cede to the uncivilized inhabitant of this land, that perfect control over his weapon, and that knowledge of the properties of air, which enables him to hurl the whirring boomerang forth in such a manner, that after performing its gyrations he brings it back submissively to his feet ; and can we not concede to the Almighty the power of sum- moning back the dying sounds that once floated on the breeze to give in their witness before his tribunal ? Yes, the words of secret envy may have been whispered in the closet, and the fair fame of some rival blasted ; the tyrant in lordly state may have reached forth his hand to his vassals, and in the conscious- ness of absolute power, cried " What ho ! bear the caitiff to torture and the dungeon;" the groans of the sufferer may have been stifled in his cell ; the voice of the tyrant may have been drowned amidst the clatter of arms ; the sounds of envy may have died to human ear ; the molecules of air may have floated onward and received other evidences of guilt, or played around the foliage of the forest ; but in the great day of accounts every particle of air shall record the envious whis- per and the cruel mandate, and tell the trembling culprits each of them to his face " Thou art the man ;" that deep and dark blue ocean shall one day give up its dead, and although no human eye may have witnessed the act, nor human ear heard the sullen splash, but the villain's who consigned his innocent victim to a watery tomb, the day shall come when the separation of the particles of water will be read, and the last gurgle of the wave that closed over him give up its evidence; the midnight assassin who steals into the chamber of his sleeping victim, and who raises his murderous hand to plunge the dagger into his breast, shall require no other evidence against him but the commission of the crime, for the very muscular energy by which he performed the deed shall be branded on his arm. "And the books shall be opened." Yours. &c.; DANIEL T. BOYD. Perth, Sept. 21st, 1852. *See Laplace and Babbage on this subject. 