NATIONAL OR MIXED EDUCATION —ITS EVIL FRUITS IN THE UNITED STATES. In the admirable Pastoral Letter addressed by the Fathers of the First National Couuoil of America to the Clergy and Laity of that important portion of the Catholic Church, and published in a recent number of this journal, the attentive reader must be struck with two or three remarkable features in that able, dignified, and authoritative docu ment. One feature is a striking character istic of the true Church of Christ, so clearly marked by the ' unity of Faith,' and the docility aud obedience which the Catholics of that great confederation of States have uniformly manifested towards their spiritual Teachers, and the cordial union which, not withstanding the diversity of origin, cus toms, and language, reigns throughout the ' whole Catholic body in that vast country. Another feature, feelingly noticed and deeply lamented by the American Prelates is the insufficiency of means at their disposal for supplying the increasing spiritual wants of the mission, owing to 110 provision having been made from the public resources of the state in aid of the religious instruction of the people; and then their grateful acknow ledgement for the pecuniary assistance re ceived from that most valuable Society, first established in France for the Propagation of the Faith, and now extended throughout the Catholic countries of Europe. The Prelates admit that were it not for the seasonable and indispensable succours received from Europe, that thousands of Catholics would have lost the invaluable gift of ' Faith' in America, and tens of thousands would be brought up in ignorance, and would have died without the knowledge of the saying truths of religion, and without the spiritual blessings derived from the Sacraments in stituted by our Divine Redeemer for the salvation of mankind. But the feature most prominently con spicuous in the Baltimore Pastoral is the urgent necessity of providing a sound Chris tian Eduoation for the rising generation, based on ' religious principles.' The Fa thers of the Council .deplore the ** shipwreck of the Faith' made by too many children of Catholic parents, in consequence of being brought up under the system of a' mixed' , education in the common schools of America supported from the public funds of the state. The Bishops of the American Church I have considered the dangers attending this ' mixed or national' system of Education, to be so great and so ruinous to the faith and morals of the Catholic children frequenting such, schools, that they have addressed a Synodical letter to their Brother Bishops of the Irish Church on this momentous ques tion. The excellent and estimable Archbishop of Dublin, to whom this letter was directed by the Archbishop of Baltimore, has made this subject a principal topic in a recent Pastoral Letter to the Clergy of Dubiin. Had the late venerable and lamented Dr. Murray lived to witness the dire developmen fc of the 'mixed or national' system of Edu cation as exhibited in the United States, we are satisfied that he (Dr. Murray^ would never have consented to be named as a Memv ber of the Board of National Education in Ireland. If he could have even surmised the individual whom Lord Stanley, who first introduced that mongrel svstem of Educa-. tfon into Ireland, should have selected, through his deputy the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to fill the seat vacant on that Board by Dr. Murray's own death, we may safely assert that Dr. Murray would have thereby seen at once into the insidious but latent object of that non-Catholic system of Edu cation, and would accordingly have declined to lend the high sanction of his name to cover the snare laid for the faith of the youth of Datholic Ireland. We may here observe that we gave our opinion some two years ba.ck in the columns of this journal, that as Dr. Murray was the first and only Irish Catholic Bishop who occupied a seat on the Board of National Education, he would most probably be a^so the last. And so it has proved to be the oase, as no Catho lic Bishop in Ireland would now accept of any such appointment under the persecuting Government of the day. So the '? delusion' of this mock-liberal system of Education stands now unmasked — the next step will be its explosion and total overthrow ! The appointment is of the Orange Black burnej so the former bigoted Attorney General of Ireland, the avowed and bitter enemy to the religion and rights of Irishr men, the virulent Protestant partisan now fills the place of Archbishop Murray on the Board of National Education ! This has done more to open the eyes of the Catholics of the British Empire to the drift and real object of the Irish National Education scheme, than all the speeches that were ever made, or all the letters ever written against Lord Stanley's system of Education. It is now proved to be only *- a delusion and a snare' deeply laid for the Faith of Cathor lies. We trust our worthy Attorney General for New South Wales will take a lesson and a warning from the appointment of the former Orange Attorney-General of Ireland to a post, which every Catholic in Australia must regret to find occupied by such a high* minded and sincere Irish Catholic, as John Hubert Plunkett is uni versally acknowledged to be. As we value the purity of the ' Faith' more highly than any gift or treasure that Kings or States can confer on man — for without ' Faith' we know it is impossible to please God, and as we are bound to guard ' the deposit of the Faith' more carefully than we do the apple of the eye, so -we can not retain the expression of the pain and grief that we feelj on beholding a most res pectable member of the Catholio Church become the champion and mainstay in this colotiy;.of a Bystem 'of Education disapproved' and denounced by : the Bishops of that Church throughout Christendom, wherever v they have been placed by the Holy Ghost ?to rule the Church of Grod.' It is a hazard ous step, and attended with an awful res ponsibility for any member, either lay or clerical, of the Church, to attempt the up holding of a system of Education solemnly declared by the Prelates of that Church to be ' dangerous' to the Faith and morals of the Catholic youth frequenting such schools. We would then with the most earnest and at the same time with the most respectful entreaty, submit to our most estimable Atfcorney-Greneral the prudence and pro priety of withdrawing his name— which alone is the chief pretext with some careless or lukewarm Catholics for- sending; their children to these mis-called National Schools, -—from a system of Education so repugnant to the feelings and principles of the Catho lic Prelates and Clergy thoughout the world. We recommend all Catholics who wish to be correctly informed of the dangerous ten dencies of a ' mixed' system of Education for the -Catholic youth of this Colony, to peruse with attention the following portion of Dr. Cullen's Pastoral to bis Clergy with reFeroncc.to the Synodical Letter received by bis Grace from the first National Coun cil of the American Church held at Balti wore: — ' Having1 briefly referred in this Pastoral to education, I am happy to be a≤ to communicate to you, Rev. Brethren on this occasion, a letter an that subject with which our distinguished country man, the Archbishop of Baltimore, and delegate of the Apostolic See, honoured) me in the name and with the approbation of the first national Synodj of the great and rising Church of tfte United States, lately held in Baltimore. The importance of thi s document cannot be too highly appreciated. It carries with it the sanction and authority of a most numerous council; deliberating on, and providing for the destinies of the Church under the influence of the Holy Ghost. It expresses the sentiments of six Archbishops snd twenty six Bishops, Prelates of eminent piety and learning, whose Apostolic lab'ouraj shedding lustre upon our Holy Religions are preparing glorious triumphs for it in the vast regions of the west. These Prelates, speaking from experience of the past, confirm to us the fact that what is called mixed education, or education with out religion, has been to thousands of Catholics in America, their irreparable ruin. The arguments and facts that are . set forth in this letter cannot fail to impress on our minds the importance of educating the children of our people in a truly religious spirit. Snares are now laid on every side for those little ones, and the vilest art8 are often employed to seduce them from the Faith of their fathers, and to entail upon their souls the guilt; of apostacy. Catholics who repudiate every thing contrary to charity and justice, cannot re taliate by interfering with children who do no* belong to their Church, or attempting to gain them by bribes or promises. But whilst we respect the rights of others, it should be our firm determination ?xipi to .let them pervert or lead to poisonous pastures ? .the tender lambs of our Fold. No sacrifice is to be spared to gire those little ones of Jesus Christ a truly religious education based on the doctrines of the Holy Catholic Church, out of which there -is*no salvation. Such an education will make them t»ie ful members of society, good and faithful subjects of. the realm, ardent lovers of their country, and^ what .is- infinitely more important' it will be the oneans of preservidg their Eaith', and providing ;for the salvation of 'their immortal souls. The following is an accurate copy of (the letter re ferred to : — ''To his Grace the Most Reverend Paul Culleir, ; ? ;?: -Archbishop, and Primate of Ireland -'.'. My dear Lord— I have had the honour of com municating to. the Prela6es- of the* national council now assembled .in this city, th^e letter of your Grace in date of 19th April, expressing your thanks and acknowledgements to them for having encouraged by . their sanction and donations the clergymen de puted to collect contributions in the United States ior the. erection of a Catholic University in Ireland. TheFathersof the Council have charged me to ex press to. ;your. .Grace their ideep sympathy with' the Irish hieiarchy in : the great struggle to preserve the growing youth from religious indifference and ff.om,. the ? pernicious - errors ^ which-- widely prevail; Uux. own., experience, of. the. results of a system of , mixed education separated from religious influences convinces us that it fosters a latitudinarian spirit, and leaves youth exposed to the violence of their passions, without moral restraint. The children of Catholic parents, who frequent the public schools of this country in which this system prevails, in sensibly imbibe the errors of their teachers, who, in affecting to avoid distinctive doctrines, sap the foundations of faith, and dispose their pupils to indulge religious indifference. Since this happens in a state in which all interference with the re ligious convictions of the children is disclaimed and even forbidden by law, the danger is manifestly greater where there is no such provision.^ Beside* this consideration, the restraints and influences which are necessary to preserve the morals of youth are wanting, where religion does not develope and enforce the principles of human action, and aid by her institutions the frailty of our nature. To this system of promiscuous education we da not hesitate' to inscribe the loss of faith and morals on the part of thousands in this country, who, if religiously trained, might have been the consolation of their parents and the ornaments of the Church. ' - We rejoice, then, that the Irish bishops, under the guidance of your Grace, and the' encouraging patronage of the Holy See, are determined to guard the youth of their country against the dangers in herent in the system of mixed education ^ and not withstanding the many difficulties which must be encountered in the great undertaking, we trust in the good providence of God that they will succeed in establishing a Catholic University. ' Our prayers shall be offered *to the Father of Lights* that -He- may crown your efforts and those ef your colleagues and enable you to preserye the youth and people of your charge from the seductions of a false philo sophy and the contamination of destructive errors. The faith transmitted from the days of your great apostle is the most precious inheritance, as it is their most distinguishing characteristic. May it shine with tindiminished lustre, and continue to be a beacon light to direct the wandering and tempest tost children of error to the haven of salvation ! ?' ' It is a -great consolation for us to know that the leader of the Irish people in this eoniest is alike distinguished by moderation and firmness, and unites the mildness of a De Sales with the unbend ing zeal of an Ambrose and a Basil. The chairs of Malachy and of Laurence may well dispute the honour of being occupied by so worthy a successor of thosesainted prelates. ? ' ' I deem it a high honour to be the organ of the Council in expressing these sentiments, to which I shall barely add the renewed assurance of devoted attachments with I remain lie Your trace's faithful friend and brother in Chriset, ' ' f Francis Patrick ELendrick., ' ' Archbishop of Baltimore, Delegate of the Apostolic See. ' ' Read and approved in National Council on Ascension Day, 1852.' ' 