LATEST ENGLISH. TUE Australian Royal Mail Company's steamer " Sydney" has arrived at Melbourne, after a lengthened passage, nod her mail has been forwarded hy the " Clarence" to Launceston. The iiidil by the " Ballarat," the arrival of which is noticed in our shipping column, extends to the 12th August, and from the "columns of our Melbourne contemporaries we make the following extracts : - The Queen and Eoyal Family had' sailed for Ant- werp, where they arrived on the 11th August. They were to ha met by the King of the Belgians, and their return was not to bo prolonged beyond a day or two. Mr. W. Henry Oliphant had been declared a defaulter on 'Change. The Daily News reports the arrival of £2G,0U0 of gold per Tasmania from Portland, and £22,000 per Agrícola from Sydney. Tlie Daily News thus continues:-Bank shares are firmly supported. The Australian Bank sha e.', which lately snowed symptoms of receding from their advanced rates, aro rallying again. Daring the sales of the week are recorded Australasian (£40 paid) 5G.V, 53; Colonial (£25 paid) 15$ ex div.; Union of Australia (£25 paid) 4l>.},45,44, 2, 4G, 45.$, 47 ex div. The Australian Boyal Mail Steam shares aro set down 4¿, and Australian Agricultural shares were considerably higher than the previous week. Aus- tralian Mining shares were same as last reported. Despatches were received at the Colonial office from tha Governor of Van Dicmen's Land on the 11th August. Lieutenant-General Downman, K.C.B., was dead. The Daily News, 12th August, says, "the emi- gration movement is beginning to tell. At a fair held recently in Wiltshire, where labourers aro hired, | there was a great scarcity of the latter ; in fact, not one-half equal to the demand." I Thora is not much news from France ; the Prince President was starring it in tho capital. Tho elec- tions were still proceeding, and in favour of the Go- vernment candidate. It is stated in the French papers that Cardinal Hohenloo was expected at Vienna on the part of the Pope, to treat on the sub- ject of the evacuation of tim Roman States by the French and Austrian troops, the reorganization of the pontifical army being nearly completed. General Falangieri is again Lord Lieutenant of Sicily, having triumphed in the councils of Gaeta. The excitement consequent upon the death of tho six men shot by the soldiers in the county Clare at the election had not subsided, and up to our latest dates the protracted proceedings before the coroner's inquest had not concluded. Two fine j'oung men (sons of Archdeacon Power, Ardmore, co. Waterford, Ireland), were drowned on the 10th August, by the upsetting of a boat; the Archdeacon himself*owing his preservation toa life- I preserver which he put on previons to embarking. | The celebrated Italian convert, Father Gavazzi, was preaching an anti-Catholic crusade in North Wales. A great meeting had been held at tho Mansion House, London, for the purpose of organizing relief for the sufferers hy the great fire in Montreal. The Government had issued a proclamation prohi- biting Orange processions in Liverpool. The progress of the fatal potato disease in Ireland , had received a check The French Government were. instituting some very valuable researches at Nineveh, and some curious relics of the famous city of the past were daily expected in France. Tho lollowing gentleman, who held office in the Bussell Ministry, are now without seats:-Bellew, B.M. (Lord of Treasury), Craig, Sir W. G. (Lord of Treasury), Dundas, Sir li. (Judge Advocate), Grey, Sir George (Home Secretary), llntchcll, J. f Attorney General for Ireland), Hill, Lord Marcus (Treasurer of the Household), Lewis, Corncwall (Secretary to the Treasury), Paget, Lord C. E. (Secretary to the Master General of the Ordnance), Parker, J. (Secre- tary to the Admiralty), Somerville, Sir W. (Secretary for Irelaud),'Stewart, Admiral (Lord of Admiralty.) To these may bo added Mr. Bernai, the Chairman of Committees. Some incendiary fires wore occurring in England. \- Immense quantities of silver . com wera being I shipped to these colonies. The Times of the 12th discusses the subject of an Australian mint, and approves of the project. The potato crop in Ireland had totally failed. The draining of the Haarlem lake is completed. The Tottenham Mills wero destroyed by fire. The Funds on the lilli of August opened atdepros scd prices, and experienced a still further decline before the termination ol' business. Louis Napoleon had allowed some banished citizens to return to France. Depth of t!u¡ Atlantie.-Tha United States brig Dolphin lias returned from her sounding expedition. The depths were taken by moans of a small strong line, with a 32 lb shot attached. The deepest cast, when bottom was obtained, was 3680 fathoms, or 4¿ miles. The currents wero observed at the surface, and at the depth of ton and eighty fathoms ; and the tempcraturo at various depths from the surface to 500 fathoms. Some important geographical 'dis covcries have also been made. Ireland.-The Roman Catholic Primacy, dismayed by the contempt with which tho Holy Sue treated their former selection of the priests of the diocese of Armagh, havo again gone through the form of nomi natinç one of their body to fill the office of Primate and Archbishop vacated by the translation of Dr. Cullin to the metropolitan chair, with-thu brovet rank of Apostolic Delegate in Ireland to the Court of Borne. There wero three candidates for the appointment, two of whom (Dis. Dixon and Kicran) had been chosen on tho former occisión as dignissimus and dignior, the I third bsing D,\ M'iínlly, ifishop of Clogher, a pre- I late who until lately had belonged to the now forgot . ten class of " moderates," almost the last of whom was personified by tho' lamented Arohbishon Murray. Dr. Cullen presided in his capacity of administrator at tho meeting of the clergy, and having celebrated tho solemn High Mass of the Holy Ghost, "his Grace" delivered a sermon, after which the election of his sue cesser toi the -jMrnacy ofall Ireland was proceeded with m the cathedral. The ceremonial havEee? .concluded, ai serat ny of the votes was entewf & which gave the following results- ' Dignissimus-The Very Bev. Dr. Dixon... 21 Dignior-Ti*,Very-Bev. Dr. HieranT 5 D,gnus-The Very Rev. Dr.M'Nally, Bisl10p ' ofClogher. r 7 T, Dr; P**50n hold8 0,i« of the Professorships' in th« Royal College of Maynooth.-Time», AugustT It is not generally known that the four ranmuAn«. tives for the City of^London, on theTfiîs?da^ofS new Parliament, are dressed in scarlet gowns, and sit all together on the right hand of tim Chair fothl Hou-o of Commons, next the Staker. The custom is m lull force, and was carried out on the first day of the last Parliament, as doubtless it will bo on th« assemblage of the now Parliament. Baron Rothsch Id therefore, is one of those representatives of tlio people Constables are in futuro to perambulate the Govern- ment offices night and day. On MondayrolaTs^f them were on duty at the General Post-onlce for tho firs time The introduction of this principle shadows forth great integral change in the public department/ character *" adm,nistrativ0' »«* possibly of a S Let us mention, in a parenthesis, that we have found the children of the'Sovereign at niljin the morning at the Museum of Practical Art? and ou another occasion, at the same hour, amidst the Elrin maiblcs; not the only wiso hint'to the motherfo" Lnglaud to bo found in the highest place.-£«iWer. UMVEHSITV IsTEiLWBXCE-PembroJce College-On Fn.lay ast, the Bev. H. Newport, M.A., late Fou" datum Scholar of the above, was elected to the Ilead Mastership of the Exeter Fiee Grammar School Times, August 6. «*.««» Sir James Macadam, the orhrinator of the mniTwT system of »macadamizing» ro°adsr died on ÄT day, at his residence in Finchley Road. There has been just found in the neighbourhood of Annecy, in Savoy, an empty balloon lying on the ground. The car and all the cordage were perfect XH Ä 7ar CVC^ aPPclT «f thS balloonWinff fallen solely from the gradual escape of gas. At thf bottom of the car were found a gentleman's cloak an! a lady's bonnet and shawl, and",« the lattcVaver/* handsome album was wrapped up. On the firef l»"r of the album there was a tciuSrawing o Äat lanmof the mountains of the country, signed "El"za do R." There was nothing to innate the orirfn of this mysterious balloon. îroni the direction of a» wind, , ; is supposed that it came from FrZe bul beyond that, allis a mystery.-La Presse. Perhaps the largest amount of profit obtained under any one patent is that derived from the lamont Ame- rican«\Voodworth» planing machine. During ti^ twenty-four years the patent has been in existence one of the partners has received £426,350, another neari! the same amount, and a third a verv large sum. Tho ' first named is now in receipt of 1 dollar per lOOO feet planed in 100 mills, each of which turns out lO.Ood At the Dover Quarter Sessions William Bennets ¡Bothers, alias the Honourable William O'Brien Fitz- gerald, was tried for obtaining various sums of money to the extent of £870 from a gentleman named Payn, a solicitor at Dover, under fraudulent pretences. Tho case excited very great interest. The prisoner had the appearance of a foreigner. His wife claimed the title of Lady Emily Fitzgerald, and represented that sho was the widow of Count Eltz; that her mother was related to the ninth Duke of Norfolk ; that her name was Lady Ann isabella Howard ; and that her father was General William O'Brien Fitzgerald, of tho Guards. It was proved at the trial that the prisoner was formerly a member of tne Stock Exchange. Some four or five years ago Mr. Payn, the prosecutor, was residing with his children at Eyethorn, and while theie he became acquainted with the prisoner and Ida wife. In the com so of last August he received a letter from them, stating that both were confined in a prison at Pau, in the south of Fiance, at the base of the Pyrenees; that they had fallen into an awful fircdicamcnt from the negligence of their agent, who tad failed to remit them £3000 ; that they had the misfortune to lose 1800 francs on their journey ; and that about £400 would set them right. Mr. Payn proceeded to the Continent, and found them prisoners, as they had described, in the prison of Pau. He took instructions from thom there as to their family con- nexions. They stated that " Lady Emily" was tho daughter of Lieutenant- General Sir William O'Biien Fitzgerald, formerly of the Guards, &c;, and that they were known to the Earl of Carlisle andtheDuke of Sutherland. The Sutherland children, she said, visited at hcrmothei's; but, in consequence of her marriage not being sanctioned by lier parents, the friendly intercourse with the Sutherland family had fallen off. " Lady Emily " added, that her husband's mother was the Princess Castaglioni. They had been confined in prison more than twelve months, having been denounced as swindlers. Finding they were suffering great misery, Mr. Payn paid £450 for their debts, and £240 as security to the Court ol' Appeal for their appearance when required. Ho pleaded for them at the Court of Appeal and obtained their liberty. Ho then brought them to Dover, sup- ported them, and ultimately lent them £40 to go to the North of England to see some relations, who would repay him. They went away, and nothing moro was heard about thom. Their representations about being connected with high families and their agent were discovered to be untrue, and in the course of some soven or eight months they were apprehended at Barnard Castle, near Durham. In the prisoner's box was a letter, dated July 1850, from the Earl Powis to " Lady Emily," which had contained £100 sent to their relief. The Earl of Carlisle gave evi- dence that his family were unacquainted with the prisoner or his wife, and that their representation of being related to the Norfolk family was perfectly false. The jury found tho prisoner guilty, and he was sentenced to ttansportation for seven years. He professed innocence, and said he could havo put some questions to Lord Carlisle, which would have readily acquitted him of false representations, but he refrained) from doing so for the sake of " Lady Emily's " family. Not many years ago a sailor presented at the Bri tibh Museum a huge marrowbone, which he desired to sell, and which he had brought from New Zealand. The officers of that institution referred him to the College of Surgeons, where, they said, he would find a geutlcman-one Professor Owen-who had a re- markable predilection for old bones. Accordingly, the sailor took his treasure to the professor ; who, " finding it unlike any bone even he had any know- ledge of, sent the man away rejoicing with a full pocket-rejoicing himself in tho acquisition of a new subject for scientific inquiry. 'Although the bono bad manifestly contained' marrow, and was thereforo unlike the bones of birds in general, Mr. Owen con- cluded from certain structural evidences, that this bone had belonged to a bird, and a bird of a species hitherto unknown. It was immediately figured and lithographed, and copies, with certain instructions for finding other such bones, wore sent out to Now Zealand, to be distributed wheiever Europeans had trod among the ferns of that colony. Years passed. By and by a very big box arrived in Lincoln'sinn fields, London, containing congeners of the sailor's uiauowbono ; tome of them upwards of a yard long. Professor Owen set to work, and built up from these bones, not one, but five (ultimately eleven) distinct species of an extinct animal hitherto utterly unknown , to natural history. It must have boon unable to fly , (hence the marrow, instead of air, in the bones), and .must have bad uncommon pedestrian powers (heneo the necessity for marrow). The structure of toa beak and neck indicates that its power of wrenohiag and grubbing up roots must have been tremendous. Its food was fern-roots, which, in New Zealand, are eo farinaceous that the natives make broad of them to tins day. It has been named the dinornis, because itist the most stupendous'of birds (<fet'no#, fearfully gteaV omi», bird). The disappearance of the dinorms ia easily accounted for. When the progenitors of the - present native tribes first landed from the South Sea», - the dinornis must have been their only animal food j for in New Zealand no quadrupeds are indigenous. As it took no longer than a century for the Dutch to - extirpate the dodo from the Mauritius, a couple or. centuries would have quite sufficed to kill and COOK the dinornis off the foco of New Zealand. Wue° ' these birds bad been nil eaten up, the Maoris toott^ killing and cooking one another. The next «^ zoological excitement to be looked for «¡¿»^J; 'over dinornis. If one of these g'gttnt,01D,liuehippopoJ found and brought to ^<>^8^P^, anÍic&ca; tamus may accept the Chiltern Hu»£«"'sted at thQ from tho representation of the, IV" "nkember from lead that will be taken by tho hon. meineer irom Now Zealand, 