THE OPEN COLUMN. " Audi alteram partem." THE BOARD OF EDUCATIONS IX DEX liXPüRGATOÄUS. Sra,-Whether, as somebody singe, a "thing of beauty isa joy for ever," I cannot pretend to determine, bot I think I may venture ito assert that one portion of the report ot Ute Gawler-plaee Pleiades is quite unworthy bf " bodies celestial," however agreeable it Sway be to bodies of an oppesite description. "After long and patient investigation, ti-e Board of Education came to the unavoidable conclusion that there existed reasonable grounds for believing that the character of four of the applicants was not Mich as to justity them in granting the licence at present." In connexion with known facts the brazen im- pudence of this sentence is only equalled hy its complacent arrogance. Apparently, the " long time" was measured by lue time neces- sary for their own sweet voices to break the ninth commandment, and to assume the office of moral censors, at the eame lime abnegating the only righteous principles which could avert . injustice and the evils ci rash and uncharitable moral infirment. And the very dignified *. investigation " was simply constituting the Board of Education a triple comp« u; d of judge, jury, and witness, and yet themselves repudiating all legal principles, forme, and securities. If the Board are pleased to cali purely exparte statements " patient investigation," 1 should be glad to hear the term they would eel ect to designate a careful collation of facts, and heating evi- dence on both sides of a given question. We may infer what the Board mean by "reasonable" from the summary process by which they caluminate their brethren, and deprive the citizens of a free -state of their social and legal rights. Perhaps, on proper " investigation," simple truths and the Board's " reasonable grounds " would be found, essentially, to differ. Perhaps, to the membei g of the Board the worst, for once, appeared the better reason. To the perverted understandi' g ot the perpetrator there wert doubtless "reason- able grounds" for every act of injustice since the creation of the world. Every persecutor, every persecution, might urge a similar plea. There wrie " reasonable grounds" for the star Chamber, for the inquisition, for the torture, for the religious persecutions in all ages, for the manacles of Columbus, for the imprison- ment of Galileo, and of John Buuyan. The infamous Judge Jeffries was prolific of " reason- able grounds " Aud, to descend from the sub- lime to the ridiculous, there are " reasonable grounds for believing " that some of the mem- bers of the Board are, in the case of one of the proscribed, influenced by personal motives rather than any real regard for the interests of education, or of morality, but in the absence of positive proof I should be sorry to award positive punishment. "For believing." Are men to be proscribed, and branded as social lepers on the ipse dixit of this or that irritated man who may happen to have a depraved imagination and its sequent suspicion. The court does not want lo hear what you '.believe," but what you reaby know, what you can fairly substantiate. In the present case we require facts from credible witnesses, and not mere belief. If it be true that a house divided against itself cannot stand, it needs no ghost to tell us that this is the last report of the kind that his Excellency will permit lo disgi ace an English Government. Look at the nice predicament in which his Excellency places the Hoard, , the Board places bis Excellency. It is a case ! of " pull devil, pull baker." * Hear tbe Go- vernor's ju*t, manly, arid English "Bules for the Servants ol the Crown," and ihen t .ru to the despotic index expvuyatorins of the Board of Education: - "Before, however, suspending or removing any clerk from office, upon any charge of in- capacity or misconduct, t'-e Lieu enant-Go I vernor will signify to the individual so chcrgeJ I-by a statement in writing - the grounds of the intended proceedings against tutu ; and will call upon him to communicate to his Ex- cellency-in writing-the grounds upon which he may be desirous to exculpate himself ; which statement and excu'pation will be laid before a Board of Investigation to consist ol rive Heads of Departments. After having consulted these Officers, the Lieutenant-Governor will decide upon the merits of the case according lo his own judgment, whether differing from the report of the majority or not; but before pro- ceeding to the removal from office, his Ex- cellency will cause copies of the proceedings and report of the Board to be furnished to the individual, to enable him lo offer further ex- planation or remark/ This id the native language of Englishmen. It affords pretty strong evidence ot Lis Ex- cellency's opinion on the " talents, conduct, and assidui y" of the Board, and ''afterlong and patient investigation" they must come u> the unavoidable conclusion that hts Excellency will at once "cancel the nomination." BLACKBALL. 