TAFISII EMIGRATION: I (From the Spectator, July 31.) . _ . j Tho )>nr¡Bh Of fetT ÎVIurliiVs-in-tlic-Fjclils Ima been torn bj A contest; which involves not only a question of substantive importance, but also a principle of state policy ; and Ibero is nu immi- nent risk that substantial rights m ny bo con- quered by tho force of " rights," according to cant, lt needs no ghost to tell any reader of tho Sptetator that tho chanco of comfortable exls 'tence for many persons is infinitely superior in Australia to whnt it is ia England ; and that the option of transit from a sccno of hopeless strugglo to ono of hopeful clfort is a boon nt which every person in that doomed class called tho poor may -well jump. In thc parish of St. Martin's, even in its workhouse, aro certain poor persons, sonio of whom aro able-bodied, all of whom har« somo reason to bclicvo that they might innintain themselves by their exertions, if they were placed in a sphere where exertion has a fair chance of return. In a thickly peopled London parish they hnvo little hope; their pros- pect ia one of continued decline. To tho pnrish they aro by themselves or their representatives a permanent burden. Such is tho caso alleged by a highly respectable party in tho parish, which has made an effort to place emigration within tho reach of those poor persons. Tho men and women in question would scarcely como within the available rales of tho Emigration Commis- sioners ; but tho promoters of their emigration endeavoured to meet that difliculty by raisin;; a special penny rnto wilhiu tho parish to facilitate tlioir transshipment. Without discussing tho merits of particular oases, we may safely take it for granted that tho general terms which wo have employed abovo ap. ply to a certain class in ovcry Metropolitan pa- rish, and indeed in tho majority of pnrishos throughout tho kingdom. There is in almost every pnrish a number of persons who aro pau- pers, but who ought not to bo paupers, nud who would not bo if they were plnccd in a sphoio w hero moderato exertion and ability could real iso fair fruits for industry ; and for every parish in which that class is represented, nu emigration would be a decisive means, not only of conferring an absoluto and hitting benefit on that class, but also of relieving the pnrish from a permanent burdon at a small present cost, and of a burden .which is tho parent of ulterior burdens. It happens, however, that in this parish of St. Martin's-in-thc-Fields resides on important rate- payer, whoso propor désignation we do not know, but who is a society, and who may ho called for j present purposes, Soup Kitchen, Ksq., of Leicester Square. Mr. Soup Kitchen occupies a largo man- sión in that parklike domain, or part of a man- sion ; pays parish rates ; and, dispensing soup to a certain number of applicants, enjoys that sort ol' iliftacnco which was enjoyed by à itomnu patri- cian as patron with a largo rotinuo of clients. " l'aiiom ot circenses"-Mr. Soup Kitchen is pro- fus in broth and public meetings, and can bring a loud force of retainers to any parish contest ; the moro so siuco the retinue of the enjoyers of soup in esse is swelled by tho enjoyers of coup in prospect. It does not take much sagacity to dis- cover tho wrong side of nny question, and Mr. Soup_ Kitohon discovers that emigration is expa- triation; that a rate to remove a permanent burdon, being beneficial to particular indi- viduals, is Van unjust demand on tho poor rnto-payor ;" sud so forth. Views ol' this kimi, uttered with n sort of audacious heartiness, and supported by donatives of soup, ure always popu- lar. lt is always easy lo persuado thc poor de londentB upon pauper establishments that they larc boon " ill-treated.'' Tho best of workhouse fare is not feasting. The mildest of workhouse gavornors appears ns a slony tyrant iii tho com- fortless corridors of the parish palace ; and tho despondency of established unthrift readily seizes the idea that it is and always lins been hopelessly "put upon." Tho pseud'o-philanthropy of St. Mnrtin'a-iu-thc-Ficlda appears by its tribune in. tho parish forum, with much concourso and loudness, and for a timo routs tho wiser counsel of the parish. Throe or four meetings have been held-eue to deliberate on tho original proposal, which was adjourned ; another in possession of the aiiti-rato party, who carried an obstructivo resolution ; a third to recover tho lost ground ; and « fourth not in the authorised forum, meroly . for hostile agitation. Tho two parties Ibis vícek have boen carrying- on thia con tost through tho uilent medium of tho poll, and tho parishioners bavo been called upou to confirm or to ostracise sound sense. Thoy havo decided as might have been expected from St. Martin's-an intelligent parish, familiar with sell'-governinciit and with questions rolating to tho poor-for, verily, St. Martin's always hus tho poor with it. Tho poll lins thus had tho effect ol' putting the question of nn emigralion- rato to a very doli be- rate, tnngible, and decisive tost ; and ii hus shown that tho body of tho parishioners really under- stand tho subject. Tho decision will expedite discussion in other parishes. Lot us repeat, that tho class which moy justly and profitably receive tho aid of every parish consists of those who cannot forego parish relief, but ought not to be pnnpors. Tun EAST CLOCK.-George III. wns extremely punotual, «nd expected punctuality from ovory one. Tho Into Lord H-k-e was thc most puno- tual person who attended on his Mnjesty. Ho had an appointment ono day with tho King nt Wind- sor, at twclrc o'clock. On passing through thc hull tho clock struck twelve, on which his Lord- ship, in his rage at being half a minuto too late, raised his cane and bioko tho glass of tho clock. The king reminded him that ho was a little be- yond his timo, which ho excused us well ns ho could. At tho next audience, the King, as ho en- tered tho room, cxclnimed-" ll-k-e I bow como you to striko the cloak V " Thc clock struck first, your Majesty." Tho king laughed heartily nt tho mock solemnity of the answer. 