OPHIR. JUNE 14.—Your readers may have thought, from the long silence of "your own correspondent," that Ophir had given up the ghost, and that her quartz ridges and golden gullies had vanished into thin air. Such, however, is not the case, for we remain here almost in the same state as when I last addressed you, hop- ing and leaving, going and coming , and so it wi 1 be at all our goldfields "to the end of the chapter," so long a« new gold locations yelept gold fields, are herald led to the aspirant for wealth. The last assay of Messrs. Samucls and M íntosh's waterhole was almost a dead loss, for only a few ounces were taken, belore the " winds hie»» and the floods came," and put a stop to further operations for a time. The machinery, however, was ordered to be left standing by the truly spirited proprietors, intending that at the that favourable opportu- nity the work of search should be be com- menced. I think now, that further operations cannot be carried on with a chance of profit till the spring , as on Friday last, , after heavy ruins, a larger flood than the previous visita- tions came down with ltrrifie force, and swept the machinery from its " moorings " In the course of two hours, such was the velocity with which the accumulated and accumula- ting waters came down the Summerhill Creek, just below the junction, was at the highest level known since the diggings com- menced ; and massive tre-s, used as crossing places, which had withstood the force of pre- vious torrents, were floatted a few miles nearer to the Macquarie. Notwithstanding all these disasters. Ophir still yields her gold in quan- tity sufficient to keep several stores " afloat." I must once more remark, that the richness of Ophir, or the success of her miners, must not be measured by the quantity recorded by you as having arrived by the escort. Buyers will, notwithstanding this safe public conveyance, risk, for the sake of a few pence, the taking the precious metal in their saddle bag, as far as Bathurst, or perhaps as far as Sydney. 1 know of one man with his son, about 12 yean old, who, during the last eight or nine months, have gatheredd upwards of 200 ounces of the precious metal from the Lewis' Ponds Creek, within a distance (following down a vein) corresponding about that between your office and the B ink of Australasia. This person, with his boy, left here the other day to winter in Sydney with his family, and as the parent said to give the lad " a month's school- ing" ; after which, to dig again is their inten- tion at, or near to, the old spot. Now, this man and his hoy cleared, after paying all ex- pense, upwards of £570 in about nine months. Before they started for the mines, the father was a night watchman and " half-day" labour- er, attached to the establishment of Smith, Brothers, I think in Sussex- street; and his wife carried on dressmaking in King-street. This fortunate digger, (taking stoppages into ac- count,) with the assistance of his boy, must have averaged an ounce ppe diem. I could mention many similar cases not quite so fortu- nate, but had th same amount of steady labour been bestowed, perhaps equally so. Let new gold fields be found wherever they may, Ophir and its adjacent hills and creeks will yield the coveted metal, when Turon's and Mount Alexander's wealth shall be exhausted. Since the last floods a large number of our diggers have gone to Burrendong (in the Ophir Commissioner's district) and many are doing remarkably well ; I saw the other day a large quantity which had been collected in a few days by one man. The gold of this locality is of very peculiar formation ; it is for the most part found in nuggets, mid cellular, some of them extremely beautiful, when cleansed of the carthy particles with which the cavities are mostly filled. The new diggings, cursorily alluded to by you in a late issue of the Herald, situated be- tween the Lachlan and Bogan Rivers, I under- stand are likely lo turn out profitable. The Ophir Assistant Commissioner I believe in- tends paying his respects to the miners in a day or two, and when he returns I shall per- haps be enabled to report more particularly of this locality. I am sorry to wind up this communication with a brief relation of the death by stabbing, of one of our oldest and most respected dig- gers, named Worthy Carlyle. On Monday last, the unfortuuate man, with several others, had assembled at Coomber's Inn, and in consequence of some words between a man named Maurice Connelly and John Frederick, the said Carlyle, the deceased, struck Connelly several blows. This man had a knife in his hand at the time, with which he was cutting up tobacco ; and he declared that the next I man who struck him he would stab. After a short interval of peace, during which the lookers on fancied the worst was over, the man Connelly returned to the bar door of Coomber's inn, and Carlyle again rushed forward and I struck Connelly, when a scuffle ensued outside the house, during which the latter stabbed the former named to the heart, of which wound the deceased died in the course of a few mi- nutes. On the following day a magisterial inquiry was held by John T, Lane, Eiq., J.P., upon the said affair, when at the close Con- nelly was fully committed to take his trial for wilful murder. The deceased was buried on Wednesday morning, and followed to his last resting place by about fifty residents. Re- quiescat in pace. It may not be out of place to remark that before deceased had yielded his last breath, and had been ushered into the pre- sence of his Maker, the murderer was in cus- tody, and on Thursday night was in the safe custody of the gaoler at Bathurst. 