NOMINATION TO THE VACANT SEE OF DUBLIN. On the 2nd of April, the Suffragan Bishops of the Province and the Paribh Priests of the Archdiocese, together with the Chapter, assembled in the Metropolitan Church, for the purpose of -selecting one worthy of filling the See of Dublin. After the celebra tion of the Mass of 'the Holy Ghost,' to implore the guidance of the Divine Spirit each Priest entitled to vote on this responsible occasion, deposited in a Chalice, placed before them for the purpose, a slip of paper containing the name of the Ecclesiastic who, according to the best of his judgement, was worthy of filling the vacant See. . The result of the scrutiny was as follows, for The Most Rev. Dr. Cullen ? 23 The Very Rev. Dean Meyler ? 9 The Rev. L.Dunne ? 8 There were a few votes for other Clergy* men, dud cne tnree nignesc names on toe list were to be forwarded to the Holy. See by the Suffragan Bishops, with their opinions as to the respective merits of the three just named. There can be little doubt but the Holy Father will approve of tb« translation of the Primate of Armagh to the Primatial and Archiepiscopal See of Dublin. Keep Cool.— Good heavens .' reader, to try and carry a cheerful face. What if your path be beset with perplexities — don't fret. There's no use in fretting, though you are in debt, and business is dull, and the banks wont discount, and your friends can't lend. Getting vexed with yourself and every body else won't help the matter — no, not a bit. You may fret yourself into fiddle-strings, but you wiH only make yourself wretched — not oure the evil. If you jam your fingers in the crack of a door, or stumble against a pile of bricks, left carelessly on the side walk, or half a minute too late for the rail, take it coolly— fretting won't heal the mischief. If the girl you like gives you the mitten, or if you have got married and found yourself egregiously 1L X_l ? '__ tl 1 ? __ _ _l P.. _*i? _. « i_ ? ? _ 1 ? 1_- vajteu in, Keep cooi— -iremng won i Bring oass the one, nor make an angel of the other. If your umbrella ' comes up missing' when you especially need it, or yon get caught in a rain storm with your Sunday clothes on— if you want to be captain of a military company and can't, or run at an election election for pound keeper, and get deafeated— if your trunk is lost in travelling, or some gentlemanly pickpocket relieves you of yor superfluous bank-bills, take it easy— -fretting may elongate your face, but won't afford any consolation for your troubles. Learn to be patient for your perplexity. It is scan dalous for any man, however unfortunate, to-be always fi(lgetting and fussing, growling and grumbling. One mend-fault is worth ten find faults* all the world over. Why what a fever will a man put himself into to day about some? thing which he will only laugh at to-morrow-^-and yet, perhaps', the ntxt morning you will find the same individual iti a perfect phrenay of passion about some other matter ten times more trifling-. Keep cool, then, and don't be needlessly worried. Rumember that care once killed a cat, and it may kill you yet, if you are . not careful. ' There's nothing,'* sajs a contemporaiy, 'like coolnes ; it never breaks things in its impatience. Coolness — did you ever see it tumble up-Btairs, or do itself a mischief? Study to be cool — ay, even if the house is on fire, or your horse runs away. Dangers re ireat, when, coolly they're confronted.' 