To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald; GENTLEMEN-As a member of the United Church of England and Ireland, taking a loyal interest in its welfare, I have attended closely to the proceedings and discussions of the past week, and have read carefully the letter of W.R.P. commenting on them, which appears in your paper of to-day. It appears to me, I must say, that your correspondent exhibits himself in a character which threatens more mischief than advantage to the cause which he professes to support. The Bishop of Sydney, as I can testify, stated several times very distinctly, that the reason why he declined to go into discussion as to the constitution to be fixed for the church, was this, that the proper time for such discussion had not arrived. The only object of the present proceeding, he said, was to obtain license to enter into such discussions and in my opinion it was expressed, as clearly as by words could be expressed, that when such license should be obtained, the entire question would be open to joint discussion by the whole Church; bishop, clergy, and laity. The only reservation was that nothing (except the introduction of the last should be proposed in contravention of the existing laws and established constitution of the Church of England. According to the best of my knowledge and belief, I do not think the Bishop even once mentioned the Oath of Supremacy ; nor does it appear to me, if he had, how it could have been at all to the purpose. The whole and sole intent of the Oath of Supremacy is to exclude the exercise of jurisdiction, ecclesiastical or spiritual, by any foreign Prince or Prelate within her Majesty's realm." What has this to do with the question of petitioning her Majesty to allow her women subjects, in all loyalty and obedience, to consult for their own good in matters ecclesiastical, within her realm The very fact of petition- ing shows that we claim no independent t jurisdiction; that the Queen's supremacy was meant to be acknowledged. There was no petition, I believe, from Thurles ! The course of argument, so far as I, a person unlearned in such matters, could follow it, was, that bishops are invested with spiritual jurisdiction, including a right to withstand and negative all propositions by which the faith, order, and doctrine of the church may be impugned. In such cases there must be an appeal in the lost re- source lodged somewhere. It is in the bishop of each diocese to decide whenever " some. having swerved from the truth, have turned aside unto vain jangling, desiring to be teachers of the law, understanding neither what they say, nor of what they affirm." Such is the decision of St. Paul. Every presbyter, again, by his ordination, ceases to be a layman. He is made a teacher of laymen, and to that office is separated and set apart. The ordination and consecration services quite bear out this asser- tion, and it was reasonable to say that the clergy must not give away what is not theirs to give. On the contrary, St. Paul say?, "0 Timothy keep that which is committed to thee;" (I Tim. vi. 20.) and what does committed mean, but something deposited in keeping for which an account must be rent dered ? And again-" That good thing which was committed unto thee, keep by the Holy Ghost, which dwelleth in us." (2. Tim. i. 14.) The only two demands which, so far as I perceived, the bishop demurred upon, were these that the clergy should be so bound up with the laity in all discussion that they should never be allowed to be separated, and that the bishop should sit, not as a bishop, but simply as chairman of a council, with a casting vote. This last was the only question which I heard him express his resolution not to propose from the chair, as it would be nothing short of putting the question on his own degradation, or rather the degradation of his office. It seems to me there were good grounds for this. The Speaker of the House of Commons, the first commoner in the realm, has but a casting vote. But why ? Because (not to use the word ap previously) the speaker is but the creature of the house. The house, by its authority, makes him, and can in due time unmake him. But no House of Commons, nor all that have ever been, can make a bishop, nor can they unmake him or depose him from his order. But W. R. P. says, the bishops in the House of Lords have no need; it is very true : but again, why ? because they do not exercise their episcopal authority in the House of Lords. They are there as barons. There are other proper places for the exercise of their spiritual authority - that is to say, by each single bishop in his own diocesan synod, and by the bench collecting in convocation. Here they have their veto. Their place in the House of Lords has nothing whatever to do with. that. They held and exercised it as fully while excluded from that house in the reigns of Charles I and II., as they do at this moment when they are regularly summoned to sit there. I do not suppose that the Bishop of Australia, while he sat as a member of Council here, ever claimed a right of veto, let the question be what it might. And why ? Because he did not sit there, as he would in a synod, by virtue of the authority which God gave him. He was not there exercising his episcopal office. No bishop then can be divested of the right which he would exercise in his own Diocesan Synod (where nothing can pass without his assent) merely because i we now propose that a lay convention shall be united with that synod. If he can, then, indeed, under the pretext of doing nothing in opposition to the law of the church, we shall be sanctioning a most fearful departure from it. We are deeply indebted to your correspondent for the important and novel information that in' all bills in the House of Peers may be passed without the presence of any one Spiritual Lord." To this I would only add for his more perfect satisfaction, that not only " without the presence may any measure be passed, but even in the presence of all the Spiritual Lords, and all voting against it. This did actually occur in the reign of Elizabeth, on the bill for establishing the use of the book of Common Prayer. The Spiritual Lords were present, but voted non- contents, all, without an exception, perhaps, being papists. Therefore, the enacting part of that bill does not run in the usual form of " by and with the advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal," but only " by the Queen's highness, and of the Lords and Commons." 13 at after spending a good quarter of an, hour in endeavouring to make out what' this could have to do with the present question, I cannot and give it up as hopeless. W. R P. pays, if it were contrary to the custom of the Church of England for the bishop to convene a public meeting of all classes, for the consideration of a petition to the Queen, to sanction the admission of laymen to consult and decide on matters ecclesiastical ; how was it less co Urary for him to have anything to do with a petition proposed with his own concurrence i And if he might assemble the clergy, why not the clergy and laity jointly r Surely there is all the difference in the world; I never heard that the Queen's supremacy, was mean', to lay any restraint upon the common law, or with right of every subject to petition the throne. But calling public meetings is a different thing altogether. As to the sort of dilemma which your correspondent strives to bring us to that if a bishop may convene his clergy, he must therefore have an equal right to call together the laity, it is a palpable non sequitur. By virtue of his office, every bishop may at any time call together his clergy to consult and petition on any lawful question, and the clergy are bound by oath to attend because they have sworn to pay due on I canonical obedience to him in all things, lawful and honest. But who has given him authority to call a lay assembly ? No ! No ! ! I have serious objections to that. Let churchmen, I say, do the work of church- men: and the calling together t flay assemblies, I am sure, is no part of that you will say that this meeting was meant for a spiritual object. I am not so sure of that as I heard one say. The distinction between spiritual and temporal, as the Bishop showed, is often hard to hit, and if you once give way so far as to admit that bishops are entitled to convoke meetings or committees of laymen, when they please, provided only that it be for spiritual purposes. You will find, ere long, we have allowed the church again to assume a right of intermeddling with temporal thing?, such as once prevailed, and as it cost our ancestors so hard a struggle to put down. But for my knowledge of the tendency of extremes to meet, I should much wonder at your correspondent advancing so decidedly a popish pre- tension. I think we are indebted to the sound judgment and constitutional feeling of the Bishop of Sydney, which led him to say so decidedly, ho world have nothing to do with anything of the kin J. Let me add that W. R. P. does not exhibit a very candid spirit when he speaks sneeringly of the petition as proposed with the Bishop's own concurrence. I think that this should not have been said. The petition had been for a full month in the possession of every vestry in the diocese, and when the question was openly put (as I learn from your report whether any of them had sent up any objection against that which alone the petition goes to ask for, namely, the admission of the laity in church assemblies, no instance of-the sort was stated. It had the concurrence of all. W. It. P. says, " what could be the state of his Lordship's mind?" I do not know who can tell ; but so far as outward appearances enable any to judge, his mind was in a very composed state and his demeanour that of a man who feels that he has a righteous cause, and believes that he is doing his duty and since this meeting, many persons have expressed to me their satisfaction (if not surprise at the temper, courtesy, and patience with which the Bishop sit during so many hours listening to a great deal which was quite beside the purpose of the meeting, and to objections upon objections urged in the most desultory manner, so that often his exertions were necessary to prevent the irregularity of two or three speaking together, and of the same individual rising five or six times. We have the opportunity now of asking for the Queen's leave (probably through Parliament,) to debate and consult under proper regulations for the better ordering of the United Church of England and Ireland." Let us take heed, lest by our perversity wo forfeit this opportunity, and expose ourselves to the sarcasm. They bawl for freedom in their senseless mood, And still revolt when truth would set them free I am, Gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, A pipe. 