SYNODIC AL A CTION —STATE ? '--UB- SKRVIENCY IN CUURCH, AFFAIRS ? It is in the moral as in the material world. r Things pu&sessing; homruguueous, extraneous, or repulsive qualities, cau never be made to unite or amalgamate iuto .one homogeneous mass — no decomposition by chemical process, no admixture cau e fleet a permaueut. aud ;i perfect union, for instance, 'between water and oil — each component; part of buoh a forced mixture wih seek in due time us own level, and will unite with its own kin dred element. So it has been in the e-i.se of those political alchymisfcs who have from time to time 'endeavoured to form Church and State affairs in one religic-political com bination. In the attempt to make one sub servient to, or dependent on, the other, the existence and the usefulness of each, in its own proper sphere, have been often jeopar dised ; and the unnatural effort at a forced union has generally ended in the ruin or subversion of one or other of the two dis tinct elements composing this sort of civico religious compact. From the inevitable struggle, that each of these parties are con stantly making, to regain its bwn proper level — to recover its own inherent rights, many angry contentions take place and sb'raetiraes violent measures are resorted to by the stronger party. All this unseemly and injurious collision arises from one party stepping beyond its province to trespass on the domain of the other; and from the weaker party yielding up a portion of its inherent rights, through culpable subser viency or through a spirit of pusillanimous expediency, in order to secure some tempo ral advantage from the predominant powers of the world. The pages of Church His tory contain too many records of the disedi fying contentions that have sprung up be tween the Church and State, and of the grasping attempts made by the Princes of this world at monopoly over ' spiritual things which were never subjected by the Divine ^ Author of Revealed Religion to the sceptre of the temporal Power.' Whoever wishes to read History aright, and to arrive at a safe conclusion on the much agitated, question of the ' Power of Princes over the Church' and of the posi tion that the Church ought to hold in the ' State, he should first carefully study the profound and heavenly answer given by our Blessed Saviour to a certain class of persons who consulted him, if it were law ful to give tribute to Cossar or not,' when He said ' give to Csesar -what belongs to Caesar, but give to God what belongs to G-od.' By the light of this truly divine solution of a political religious question, any \- one can easily distinguish between the respec tive rights and duties that should be main tained and exercised by the Church and by the State respectively. As soon as the Statesman or the Churchman loses sight of this true guiding 'polar star,' when tracing out the peculiar and distinct courses of action to be followed by the State and. by the Church in their own separate orbits, then he falls into a perplexing state of mental and political confusion. Hence the fatal aud prolific source of all these political and religious disputes that cast 6uch a sombre and oftentimes such a' humiliating shadow over the benign' ':and ' comely 'features of Christianity; ??'- '?' ' ' ' :- '?' '??(. We- have had of late much discussion both in public' ahd: private/about the rights ?of-the members of the Church of England m luirCblony to St/nodical Action. The earnest and zealous members of that Com munion both lay and clerical, see and feel the necessity for such action. But the sha dow of an Act of Parliament stares them in the face, and frightens them from holding a Synod tor the regulation of clerical disoi pune and ot (Jhurch afiairs generally. No doubt there is such an 'Act,' and the Archbishop of Canterbury who is, by. Act of Parliament, Primate of the Church of England, plainly tells the Parliamentary Bishops of ttiat Church in these Colonies, that auy ' Syuod' which may be convened . or held by them without the permission and authority of the Queen, first asked and obtained, would be illegal aud of no effect whatever! Here is a palpable and a humiliating instance of the encroachment of the state \- on the rights aud privileges of the Church ' of Christ/ whose kingdom or Church ' is not of this world.' Aud the members 'of the Church of England— which has for the last three centuries been ruled and go verned by the State, like any other public de partment/ are agitated and at a loss to know what they had best do under these perplex ing circumstances. They do not -wish, of course, to fly in the face of an ' Act of Par liament.' They seem to look upon an Act of Parliament as supreme in everything re garding this world and the next. Here, however, is where the 'grand mistake' lies. And thinking men are now beginning to en quire into the origin of this ' grand mis take' and to ask, whojjgave to the British Sovereign and to the English Parliament supreme power in 'Spiritual things' and absolute controul over, the free Synodical ac tion of the Church of Christ ? Until this question is fairly]and satisfactorily answered, the honest and consciencious members of the Church of England can have no peace of mind — no regular'and efficient Church Go vernment. Church of England men boast much of having 'reformed' their Church and brought it back to the pure state of doctrine and discipline as held and observed in the ' primitive ages' of Christianity. Very well; let us now enquire how that pure state of doctrine and discipline was pre served and progated in these primitive ages. By Synodical action,by the Bishops and Pres byters of the Church meeting in Diocesan, Provincial or National Synods, the laity being often present, aiding and assenting to these Synodical proceedings, but not voting or giving judgment on questions regarding ' spiritual things,' for they (th^ laity) knew well that it was to the Apobtles and to the Bishops, their sucoessessors, that Christ gave power to ' preach and teach the Gos pel,' and that the Holy Ghost had placed them to rule and govern the ' Church of woa. iJut it may De said that bynods were called and conducted by direction of the Kings or Potentates of those ages. Impossible! for there was no 'Christian' Prince or Sovereign in these davs — not one for the first three hundred years of the Christian Era, unless the tradition about King Lucius of Britain by admitted as an historical and undoubted fact. And we have no record whatever of any ' Synod' being held in Britain so early as the second cen tury. Mow then have the Sovereigns of England come to possess the Supremacy they claim and exercise at the present day over the Church of England % We are compelled to answer according to the evidence of History; by a most tyrannical act of usurpation. The late coup d'etat of Louis Napoleon, whereby he has secured to himself, for a time at least, the supreme (t temporal power' in France, does not surpas9 in violeat atrocity or in unprincipled policy, the means taken by Henry VIII- of England and his illegiti mate daughter Elizabeth, to wrest from the recognised head of the Universal Church on earth, the supreme 'spiritual authority' and to transfer that sacriligiously usurped power to themselves and to the temporal Sovereigns of England. A slight acquaintance with the history of these two English Sovereigns will convince any candid reader of the truth of this un deniable fact. Those who believe in the Christian doctrine as taught by the present Church of England under the spiritual su premacy of the Queen, or King, as the case may be, begin to feel the evil consequences of being governed in matters of Religion and conscience by the same Monarch who is undoubtedly entrusted with the ' temporal' sovereignty of the British Empire. We are fully convinced that no Synodical Ac tion can be of the slightest spiritual service to the Church cf Eugland, while that Church recognises as its chief spiritual Head, any other than the ' Head ' placed ! over it by Christ himself; and that Head, \ most assuredly is not the King or Queen of i England for the time being, or the mere tem-xj poral Sovereign of any State or Kingdom of this world. 