PASTORAL ADDRESS TO THE CLERGY AND LAITY. Delivered in t1ie":Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity, hytlie Right Rev. the Lord Bishoj) of Adelaide, on Tuesday, 6th January, 1852. Reverend and Dear Brethren—When a little more than a year ago, in conjunction with the Metropolitan and other Bishops of this Ecclesiastical Province, I gave my opinion "that the laity, acting by their representatives duly elected, should meet in diocesan and provincial conventions, simul taneously with the diocesan and provincial synods, that the clergy and laity might severally consult and decide upon all questions affecting the temporalities of the Church," I hardly anticipated that circumstances over which I had no control would so soon have rendered necessary recourse to such a measure in this diocese. The withdrawal of State Aid in this colony from the ministry and ordiuances of the Christian Church, compelled me to address the lay members of our communion with reference both to the support of that ministry and the general extension of our Church. I thought it but due to the Church Society, whose lay members for many years have been forward in promoting these objects, to request the advice and cooperation of their committee in devising some measure which might subse quently be laid before the whole Church in its several con gregations. This meeting of the clergy and delegates from those congregations is the result of that consultation. So far, then, the minute above alluded to of the Metropolitan and Bishops of the province has met with the concurrence of the laity of the diocese. The immediate object of calling this meeting together was, as I have already observed, the cessation of State Aid. But I felt also that our Church had suffered, and was likely still more to be hampered in her efforts, from the want of that feeling of fellowship in the Gospel, which shonld attach its members to each other, as " members one of an other " in that body of which Christ is the head. We ordi ; narily call ourselves (Jhwrclvmen; by which, I presume, we mean that Clirist ordained a visible and organized Church Militant upon earth, with its ministry and sacrament, and written Word, to be a witness for God in the world. Yet, holding this principle, we are at little pains to make the niembers of our Church feel that we do indeed consider our selves brethren in the Lord. There is, no doubt, a common feeling of attachment to the Liturgy, and doctrine and general ecclesiastical system; but this is rather fdt than manifested, unless some danger threatens, or some shook is given to her cherished associations* To supply, then, this deficiency, as well as procure increased support for the ministryj I judged it advisable to bring both subjects before the laity in my letter to the Church Society. I wished to ascertain the depth and force of the attachment to our Church, and to bring it if possible into more active bxereise. I am aware that the method which I adopted of addressing the Church Society in the first instance has been blamed, and the report which emanated from its Committee viewed with some degree of jealousy. I am at a loss, however, to conceive how it could have been thought by any one to be more than suggestive; nor do I see the reasonableness of the idea, that the published opinions of a few, whether they be Bishops or laymen, should be considered " dictating " to the majority. At all events, the supremacy of the Crown, acknowledged by the Church of England, points out to us that no rules ean be binding on her members, either here or elsewhere, tvithdut the license and consent of the Crown, as well as the concurrence and agreement of the clergy and people. So far, then, and no farther, have I availed myself of the suggestions of the report as to follow the method it pointed out of convoking this "pro tempore convention " to meet the Synod of. the clergy. The other parts of it, I admit, are valuable, as directing the minds of churchmen to those points of ecclesiastical polity, which, though in some degree familiar to theologians, have not generally attracted the attention of the laity, until recent events have given them practical importance. t Considering, then, the report as merely suggestive, and indicating wants which may hereafter he supplied, I pro ceed to state the subject which I would propose for your deliberation. . .. 1st.. The question of finance. Whether it is possible to raise a diocesan -fund in this colony, out of which the clergy of the less opulent congregations may receive aid, add new missions be opened. 2nd. The tenure of ecclesiastical property; tbe right of nomination to vacant churches; and a declaration of the trusts connected with them. 3rd. The internal organization of our Church, whereby union between our several congregations may be secured, and a general interest excited .in her cause. With respect to the first; surely when for the first time in her history our Church has been denied aid from tbe Civil Government, it is not unreasonable to appeal to her.oiembers. We have lived to see the day the title and office of " Nursing father and Nursing mother" to the Church has been re pudiated by the powers that be in this colony: and we are told to depend upon the faith and love of the brethren who worship with us. Zealots may tell you that it is sinful to accept State Aid, forgetting that God himself established the Mosaic Ritual by legal provision for its support, and restored it after the captivity by the royal aid of the heathen princes. They forget that our Lord himself was by cir cumcision, as the son of Mary, a member of that Church; that He " was taught iu its synagogue and in the temple," whose service, though supported by taxation, from which as the Son of God He was exempt, claimed from liim a miracle that it might be maintained. While, however, we reject the notion that it is sinful to accept the aid of the State in propagating the Gospel, we are not blind to the evils with which indiscriminate State support was accompanied. We may console ourselves at least, under its loss, with the thought that the State no longer by its equal support of all forms and all doctrines calling themselves Christians, casts doubt upon the very existence of our " faith ouce delivered to the Saints; and our Church founded by the Apostles! and if the zeal of private Christians, members of our com munion, will supply adequate funds, I presume we should all hail it as a proof of the Divine aufi inherent energy of the Church to fulfil her ministry independently of secular power. I earnestly pray that such zeal for the Gospel may be realized in our reformed branch of the Church Catholic in this colony. It is for you brothers of the laity to say if by any, and if so by what measures, this ean be accomplished."" Persons, I presume, might be elected ir eacli congregation, as sidesmen to the wardens of the Church, for the collection of subscriptions to such"diocesan fund; or collections might be made in the congregations, or from " house to bouse," on certain Festivals of the Church, or times set apart for this purpose, such as the Sunday next after Christmas-Day and Whit Sunday. A statement of the means also dis pensed by the attorneys for the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and the rules by whieii we propose to guide the distribution in future, will be laid before you, so that we may be able to work together in promoting the same object. The next subject which invites your attention is the tenure of ecclesiastical property, and a specification of the trusts 011 which it is held; the exercise of patronage, and the rights of the minister when licensed to a parochial district; the power of removal by due course of judicial enquiry and the right of appeal; and lastly, the right of teaching in the schools buiit by the members of our Church that " form of sound words, which, composed by the friend of Luther, >vas translated probably by Cranmer himself, and completed by Bishop Overall, with the sanction of Convocation. With regard to religious education of our youth, I may observe that our Church hids us iu her Baptismal Service, teach her children " the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, anil the Ten Commandmentsthe Catechism itself having been framed with a view to the instruction af candidates tor confirmation. These points are all of vital importance to the peace and welfare of our congregations, and the usefulness ef the clergy. As respects patronage, while the wishes of the laity are and ought to he consulted in the first appointment of one who is " to watch for their souls," it would be perilous to his mental independence and spiritual faithfulness if he were liable, as a mere hireling, to be dismissed at the caprice of a bare majority of seatrenters. There is a scriptural jurisdiction vested in the Bishop, who is enjoined " not to receive an accusation," much more censure, suspend, or degrade an elder, but " before two or three witnesses," after solemn enquiry; that is, and clear evidence of false teaching or immoral conduct. Different modes may be suggested of vesting the pa tronage of vacaut churches, so as to prevent the intrusion o£,an incompetent or unwelcome pastor. But, as in this diocese no inducement to nepotism exists, and no simo- I niacal contracts can be made, I cannot deem it wise so i to vest the whole patronage of the churches that no power should be lefc to the Bishop of rewarding merit or re lieving infirmity. I do not myself see the objection made by some to giving the duly nominated and licensed minister of any church the right to collect his own dues. They are his by compact with the seatrenter, who eugages his sittings voluntarily, and can resign them at his pleasure. _ The causes, therefore, of ill-will connected with the collection of tithes do not here exist, and the argument does not apply to the collection of seat-rents. The last subject which I would bring under your notice, because it forms so prominent a feature in the report of the Committee of the South Australian Church Society, is the future organization of the Church. T approach the subjeet with diffidence, inasmuch as while some such measure is needed, I feel that this being almost the youngest and smallest of the colonial dioceses, may well be content to follow rather than take the lead in this matter. Indeed, nothing but our peculiar financial posi tion, deprived of State Aid, and needing the combined energies of all her lay members, could justify the attempt to awaken their dormant sympathies through the organization proposed in the report. I will merely state some general principles which should regulate such organization. It is evident from late discussions in Parliament that a representative Convocation of the Church must contain a lay element as one of its constituent parts. At present, while the Bishops and clergy form the National Synod of the English Church the laily are represented by the Crown and Parliament. . The want of union and association of these elements has led, on the one hand, to the suspension of l the deliberative functions of Convocation in its present form, and on the other, much legislation has been proposed, often offensive, and sometimes, injurious to the Church of England. Parliament now is open to the enemies of her discipline and doctrine; and yet such members have aright to vote on any Bill, however deeply affecting her organization and property. The true remedy for this wrong—for wrong it is —is that her laity should be directly represented in her own Convocation, and join in framing her own laws. This would be like the rest of her reformation, a return to the usages of the Apostolic Church. Even in the theocratic institutions of Moses, the Civil Magistrates invested the priesthood with the robes of sacred office; and the supreme jurisdiction of the Crown of Israel was vindicated when Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being priest when guilty of rebellion. The supremacy of the Crown of England in all causes, and over all persons, ecclesiastical as well as civil, is but the assertion of the same sovereign jurisdiction residing in the civil power; the Crown with us acting on Behalf of the laity. We do not give away any right to oar Sovereigns to minister the word, or sacraments, any more than it was permitted to Uzziah to offer incense before the Lord. Nor, again, do we acknowledge in the Crown the authority to determine " controversies of the faith." What we deny to the Bishop of Borne we do not transfer to a lay Sovereign. If the de liberative assemblies of the Church are needed, a pattern is furnished by the Church of Jerusalem, in the Acts of the Apostles. When the observance of the Mosaic Ritual was obtruded on the Disciples by the sect of Pharisees, we read (c. xv.) " that the Apostles and Elders came together to consider tins matter," and finally, after much discussion, the decision proposed by St. James, brother of our Lord, then presiding Bishop over that Church, was adopted by the Apostles and Elders with the whole Church (v. 22.) If the Convocation then at home be remodelled, the respective rights and duties of clergy and laity, Crown and people, will, no doubt, be duly considered. All the learning, the ability, the experience, the piety of our Church will be brought to bear upon this question. We may safely await then its coming solution, when our diocesan arrangements will naturally follow the model of the Church at home. At all events we can establish nothing here, nor make rules binding on onr clergy or laity, without the license of the Crown first had for that purpose, and its sanction Solemnly given to such arrangements. We may thus per haps be preserved from the evil of party or ill considered propositions. I have already alluded to the subject of ecclesiastical discipline, tad the scriptural jurisdiction inherent in the episcopal office, to admonish, censure, suspend, degrade, or cut off from commuuion of the Church; yet the exercise of this power should be duly regulated. The principles enunciated by St. Paul in his Epistle to Timothy, and by our Lord himself in the 18th of St. Matthew's Gospel, point out the way. While the Bishop exercises the functions of judge, presbyters are recognised in our Church as the wit nesses before whom the accusation should be preferred; and whenever withdrawal of licence to officiate involves the deprivation of a benefice with its temporal advantages, it is hat right that the whole Church, whose best interests are affected by the scandal, as well as the particular congre gation deprived of its pastor, should be cognizant of, and concurrent in the sentence. In truth the great difficulty in, church organization is to adjust properly the respective offices of the clergy tad laity, whether deliberative, judicial, or executive. The problem has yet to be solved. The hierarchy of the middle ages acted as " Lords over God's heritage." The Protestant Sovereigns at thelReformation violently reclaimed their own and people's rights. It may remain, then, for our mote peaceful age, when education also is generally diffused^), reconcile principles which cannot really be conflicting^^: the Church of God, so that the Bishops and elders with jfie; whole Church may act together for the advancementvof Christ's kingdom and the glory of God. Indeed a prosperous future opens on the Church/vhE guided by the spirit of love, the principles of the inspired! Word, and the history of the apostolic age, we stand u|^nj| the old paths, and do not seek out " new inventions." In the Church of Englahd in this colony what is there;Y variance with the primitive model ? No zealot can seof£j her as the hired servant of a latitudinarian State! Ngni that the Caesar intrudes " into the things of God." have the transmitted authority of an episcopate unbrd at the Reformation, Oar presbyters are duly called according^ to the ancient order of the Church. Our Deacons, like those of Jerusalem, exercise a spiritual office, as well as care for the sick and poor. In respect of nominating their own ministers, the laity exercise perfect freedom. In their temporal relations our churches are wholly independent. Laymen dgly ^authorized,- -and—aetiag in- nnison with the clergy—ministers in various ways, as teachers, " helps, go vernments." They are cateehxsts, readers, district visitors, Sunday-schoolteachers, « Old objections; then, to the spots and blemishes of the Establishment in England are here removed. The defect being gone, the protest beeomes needless— separation without grounds. What, then, does hinder our progress, if we, brethren, make full proof of our ministry ? Let this, then, he our endeavour, as it is assuredly our duty. With this view, I have taken upon myself the re sponsibility of convoking tins meeting of the clergy, and the laity by their delegates from each congregation. I com mend this to your notice, and I ask your advice on the several topics which I have suggested for your considera tion. With due respect for the supremacy of the Crown, we mast at present regard ourselves as only a "pro tem pore Assembly." We claim no legislative functions; we may agree, if it seem good, to carry oat the suggestions of the report of the Church Society's Committee. We may recommend to the several vestries the establishment of a Diocesan Pastoral Aid Fund, with collectors for each con gregation. We may consider and propose for discussion a Trust-Deed, which, when agreed upon, may be adopted by the whole Church as its model deed. And as to the organi zation suggested in the report, we may, in like manner, refer it to the several vestries for farther consideration, and" watch meanwhile the progress of ecclesiastical events at home. So much of it I would, however, recommend should be adopted, namely, the annual meeting of the clergy and delegates of the congregations, for the purpose of receiving the report of the funds distributed, for the cultivation of Sympathy among the members of our churches, and for ;making known the progress and measure of success with which it has pleased God to bless the labours of our ministry. It is surely a time of refreshing when the Chureh repre sentatives meet together, as on this day, for prayer and holy communion. I recognise, indeed, most of you, brethren, as members of a Church Society with which I have been acting for four years. To-day I hail you as the representa tives, not merely of your own feelings and wishes, but as representing the sentiments and spirit of the whole of this Diocesan Church. It is this which bids me " thank God, and take courage." We know that our sister churches in America, once placed in less favourable circumstances than ourselves, a^e at this day great and flourishing branches of the Church of Christ. - » Let us hope and let us pray that this our " day of small things" may open more and more to meridian brightness, that wisdom and strength may be given us to emerge from our present difficulties, and that, like the Church of Jeru salem, we may continue in the apostles' doctrine of fellow ship, and in breaking of bread and prayers." " So shall we be all of one heart and of one mind." We shall distribute from the common fund of the Church " as every man hath need." So, walking in the fear of God, and comfort of the Holy Ghost, we shall'enjoy the blessing of peace, and our ehurches will be multiplied. Our salt will not have lost its savour, nor our candlestick be removed out of its place. Notes on Newspapers.—There were sold of the Times of Tuesday, February 10, 1840, containing an ac count of the Royal nuptials, 30,000 copies, and the following curious calculations were afterwards made respecting this publication. The length of a column of the Times is 22 inches. If every copy of the Times then printed could be cut into 48 single columns, and if those 48 columns were tacked to each .other, they would extend 494 miles and 1,593 yards. To give some idea of the extent of that dis tance, it may be sufficient to say that one of the wheels of the mail winch runs from Falmouth to London, and again from London to Easingwold, a small town 12 miles beyond York, might run all the way on the letter-press so printed, except the last 167 yards. The same extent of letter press would reach from London to Paris, and back again from Paris to Canterbury, and a little farther. The 30,000 papers, if opened out and joined together, would cover a length of 22 miles and 1,280 yards; or, in other words, would reach from the Times office in Printing-house-square to the entrance hall in Windsor Castle, leaving a few yards for stair carpets. It is recorded that 20,000 copies were in the hands of the newsmen at 8 o'clock in the morning. Since 1840, the circulation of the Times has greatly in creased ; and what was then deemed wonderful on an ex traordinary occasion, is now exceeded daily by 8,000 copies —the present daily circulation being about 38,000, which are worked by greatly improved machinery at the rate of between 8,000 and 10,000 per hour. On the 2nd of last May the Times, containing an account of the 'Opening of the Great Exhibition by the Queen, circulated to the enor mous number of 52,000 copies, the largest number ever known of one daily newspaper publication. Nothing can illustrate more forcibly than these statements the great utility of the machinery employed in multiplying with so miraculous a rapidity such an immense number of copies. When we look at the great talent—the extensive arrange ment—the vast amount of information on a variety of topics—the immense circulation—the rapidity with which it is thrown off, and the correctness of the details of the Times paper—we are constrained to pronounce it the most ^marvellous political journal the world has ever seen. What would our-forefathers have said to tins wonderful broadsheet, : which conveys information of the world's movements to the teeming population of the United King dom, and also to the people of other and distant climes ?— -8W« md Querist' . 