THE BISHOP'S FA KEWELL. 1 ON Saturday morning the Lord Bishop of Sydney bade farewell to the Clergy of Sydney I and the members of the Church, previous to 1 his departure for England. j Divine Service was celebrated in the Cathe | dral at 10 o'clock in the morning, at which a 1 large number of persons were present, and ( partook of the Holy Communion at the hands of the Bishop, assisted by the Venerable Archdeacon of Cumberland, the Rev. R. Allwood, and the Rev. George King. After the service the congregation adjourned to St. Andrew's school-room, in the Cathedral Close, for the purpose of receiving the Bishop's farewell address. The school-room was completely filled. His Lordship having taken his seat, The Venerable ARCHDEACON OF CUMBER- LAND, in the name of the clergy of the diocese, addressed his lordship as follows: - To the Right Reverend Father in God, William Grant, Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. May it please your Lordship, We, the undersigned licensed and officiating clergy- men within your diocese, are unwilling to allow you to depart from the province, for England, without conveying to you an expression of our sincere attachment to the high office which you hold in the Church, and of our earnest hope that the important and pious objects for which you have deemed it necessary to undertake so long and perilous a voyage may be realised. We desire at the same time to tender the warmest assurance of our own personal respect and regard for your Lordship and fervently pray that it may please Him who ruleth the winds and commanded the waves, and whose never-failing Providence ordereth all things both in Heaven and Earth, to conduct you safely In your travels, " by land or by water,' and to grant you a successful issue of all your self-denying endeavours to promote the glory of God and the good of this Church. We have the honour to be, My Lord, Your Lordship's most obedient Faithful Servants, The BISHOP then read the following farewell address : My dear Venerable and Reverend Brethren thank you from the depth of my heart for the affectionate, and brotherly address which you have now presented to me. It is indeed good and joyful thing brethren to dwell together in unity. As we have lived so long under the influence of that feeling, I trust that in now separating for a time we shall not depart from it. As I have been at all times (sensible of the importance of your services in the Church, and now desire emphatically to recognise it, so I trust you are assured I have had no object in view in all that I have attempted or accomplished but to co-operate with you and to direct you in your endeavours to the the people of the Lord the way of truth and to lead them in a plain path. In acknowledgment of your devout supplication for the mercy of God to watch over and protect me on the arduous voyage upon which I am now about to enter, suffer me to assure you of my earnest prayer that the blessing of the Home God may rest upon you in your lives, in your ministry, in your families, and in every undertaking by which you are attempting, with sincerity, and in a true spirit of faith, to promote the glory of God and to set forward the salvation of mankind. And now having discharged imperfectly the debt of thankfulness, which the clergy hythe, unanimity of their proceedings have entailed upon me, I desire my brethren of the laity, from whom I have experienced so many acts of personal kindness, and proofs of strenuous and disinterested earnestness to serve the cause of the Church, to address to you no less than to those who are set to watch for your souls the few observations which I have now to offer : conceiving that to the Clergy their import cannot be greater than to you, who constitute with them the body of Christ's holy Catholic and Apostolic Church. The progress of events, if watchfully observed in a spirit of self surrender to the Divine Will, and under a conviction that all things are subject to its direction, affords the safest and surest guidance to those who are set for the work of the ministry in the Church. In form- ing a decision as to my own future proceedings, I have looked to that guidance, and entertain a humble persuasion that it bids me direct my course once more to the shores of England. I go, let me trust, for your benefit to consult the judgment of the Church upon many important questions, and to abide by its decision. You will not require me to tell you that this is, personally, an involuntary exertion. My years are no longer such as to render a voyage of this extent and duration an easy task. To this country I am attached by long connection, by the strongest sense of duty, and by an domestic ties and remembrances. To England, on the contrary, absence has rendered me comparatively a stranger, withering object to accomplish there excepting that which I have spoken of as impelling me to this undertaking namely, your welfare. Let no earnestly solicit the benefit of your prayers and intercession for my preservation and still more for my success in the important work which is now to be entered upon in faith. My trust is that God will make me his Instrument in assisting to establish and strengthen this Church, " whereof I am made a minister according to the dis- pensation of God which is given to me for you." Upon this point my mind is filled with confidence, derived from post experience of the Divine blessing vouchsafed to a similar undertaking. Eighteen years ago when I embarked for England, there was established here on archdeaconry; within which there were, in this colony, twelve clergyman licensed to minister. Eight churches then existed and no more. The limits of that one arch- deaconry contain, at this time, the province of a metropolitan bishop, having jurisdiction over six suffragan sees: and this, through the infinite mercy of God has arisen out of that proceeding to which I was then di- rected, and which I have now once more in contempla- tion; the same mercy in both instances let us hope, guiding my Judgment. The blahoprieits of New Zealand, j Tasmania, Adelaide, Messrs. C. Church, here »mco%PrZU,J°',Nowtr,li seeds, which was sown a iL north from the .£,.,?* also has the great insofar" 'as introduced into, and are now mother who has v F other dioceses. with fewn»..S,nlst"ln8In,til. T" wonderful chain ZyZ Mr R "S S ho appeal which waVma lain tests the Churchmen of England n«V?W*< both, ill in Australia. And to confirm behalf of Users" tionalChurcheswhlehhívow W no, notÄ? In the principal portion, of tests "«««5!* to you that no more than on 1915 say Cauberry, built by the late n" "'? sat Mr?" aided only by tbTcolon^V KG of the entire number, has vi GoTCTtokf5 erected but for those Maroondan. of Much has entrusted to me for stir the!? 1st pious "sex, by men of earn1""'Äiof« ss of the Gospel, with whom m,- torlî<Pi! as enabled me to form association r it 'a Ki While I pray that it may I Thv K,, '"" direct my steps to the attainment "clause' orders suits in the present instance, I mustard farmers servation that it is not Its 225 moral constitution of the Church wits out of subject of anxiety. My 2.5 B«f',»4 proper quarter the removal of the ° STATES which our Church is at present in hIM, Jess h exercise Fortrose faculties' of soft"' arrested she was originally endowed; that the site of exist any obstacle to the nicoll,,»«{ is D>itht"ok»i» and laity in a lawful S yf ?" over regulation for the better mnnSgoäÄ^'»« of the Church within this diocese It is' "it while we have been here engaged in it in" the the attention of Parliament prior A"r,¡,d(,í^ our part, has been directed to the ffiÄ*5 same measures on behalf not of IhÄ"001^ but on behalf of a very considerable itself? Colonial Churches. By a bill is", of 10s 2 S for the University of Oxford it well" as in each of the colonial dioceses Sh?. I was to be hereafter included by tU¿awnoritl^í ^ it shall he lawful for the clergy and to / MM regulations, and with thoawntöf the in?d,!rl*5 such regulations as by Alre^o'S5? deemed most salutary and conducive to ii, I * the Church. So far as. our acts posed measure at present extends thiV ""p. appears to be exact agreement 'withers " » of the Bishops assembled here in 1850 H.ÏÏÏ P?i°*!« to the laity of the Church a degSAÍ1^ which from the outset they hearing '"was directly, and perhaps bananas 2s' nngement of its affairs. The concurrence of a * portions of the Church in the same rtE ° ^"1 instant, from east to west, from north stomach. 19 centre to the outermost limit, and those?. ^ same to the outermost limit, and then as.... by the most distinguished station ward by no impulse or solicitation from, hit their own thoughtful conviction that this is, 'a, J to be traversed in pursuit of the most ndvant»Tñ.w stitution for the Universal Church, urgings and signals that this movement forms part of a ? dental arrangement of God under which the willing that as her days are so shall the strength of hairs so. It is not in my power at present, from namE clear information upon the subject, to embodies cription what the final character of this means? likely to prove. So far however as I can read it I it! in hope, and under a persuasion that Its prerWiZi be so carefully drawn up, so maturely consider! any cautiously adopted, that they may proveYLÍM* blessing, and a support to the Church of the fi] through many coming centuries; and, it martyrs to the end of the world. Had I been in a scuffle commend a course of proceeding, my advice I life hedge would have been, that previously to the he, of any Parliamentary proceeding, Her Majesty NZ have been advised to issue a Commission timely. and report upon tho state of the entire ColomalCkS a subject, I have reason to think, imperfectly onions in England. This Report. after having been to Her Majesty, I conceive it might have beenitrrisS to refer to sub-committees of Churchmen law Colonial Diocese that they might have otmtiki examining into the proposed Constitution, and son pressing to the Queen their satisfaction with a & approval of any particular portion of It. After aw considerations having been bestowed afresh m2 points against which objections had been rain! was Report of the Commission amended according, £ same might have been again submitted tottojgana of the highest tribunal and have been finally IS. edited by her Majesty as Chief Governor of the shire England. Or It might, if deemed preferable, to butter by Act of Parliament which includes the Queen's The principles to be kept in view in giving theatres of the civil authority to such an ecclesiastical calls are three. First, that all approach toward! ambush character be scrupulously avoided that h in the State do not assume to itself the right to alter testing laws of the Church, or to impose rules of gertnMt unless the Church (both clergy and laity) HOUSE, had a previous opportunity of examining into to 15. posed settlement, and judging whether it is fully, able to the law of Christ: Secondly, that all the mental rules of the Church of England vrlieUwiii doctrine, or as to its rule of discipline, bo dulymiialot and Thirdly, that one uniform system to satisfy throughout all the Colonial Churches (uniformity as to all vital and essential observances) usual; fe may be bound together in one great system of Mercy so form collectively, one with another, and Bill a parent Church of England and Ireland, cat ps assembly of saints engaged throughout the rapid spreading abroad the truth of the glorious GoiKik all men may be brought to the knowledge of it, is the nations may be prepared for the appeal; of the Great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ and entertain a strong hope is part of the high duties. served for the Church of England by th«ejt«¡á»í her colonial empire. It may be that the moths out often Impelled the agents and instrumental Unto tension wore worldly or sordid. In many CUB, . know they were so. But all our fears may accompanies the remembrance that however the nations must together, in pursuit of objects of their own, lie in the Great King over all the earth. Thetawtisi man shall turn to his praise, and the fierceness cilia shaft The restrain, and make them all work togtUaf* the establishment of his own glory and the making of his chosen people. And now brethren, u raised among those who have been called to bears part kit warding the development of the kingdom of lau upon every inhabited shore of the worldly tliumosntf separation from you whose welfare has been the coast object of my anxiety, my earnest exhortation to rain, that you be at peace among yourselves, and let Utnii the Spirit be shown among you in the love and youth goodness, the gentleness, the meekness, temperance, no faith, whereby as many of you as are called to tin st Bisley may make full proof of it, and asnianruiM seek knowledge from your lips, so study to adam ii doctrine of God in all things, that all who belaid p may report that God is in you of a truth. fi)rm all desire with much earnestness two things; Anything nofitofyour continual Intercession for me begs the throne of grace, that I may be preserved from toE; perils, and, much more, sustained in the spirits! sound mind for the discharge of the arduous and the embassy to which the Lord has appointed areas secondly, that if in the discharge, during so funeral, of the duties of my office, I have ever, through minute the discretion which is attached to it, given UM offence to any, they will forgive the wrong at any pwd earnest solicitation and on my humble confession It has never been an intentional wrong you may ^ assured. But I am so deeply penetrated witness the infirmities of mind and character which vi is current even in those who most earnestly endeavour do the best, that I can never be free from the press sion of having given proof in my own conductors firmity I am speaking of. Forgive me this mtflpt you ; as I do most freely and from my heart forgiTeEUj have offended me. We have partaken together ET possibly be for the last time upon earth, of that communion which is not only an outward shares ought verily and indeed to fill us with the suburbs that peace which Christ left as his last requests a followers; and in the fellowship of which «»«»J one with him. Time let us separate, remembered precept, be ye kind one to another, tender honest, giving one another, even as God for Christ's sue W forgiven you, and may the blessing of God Atalanta; Father the Son and the Holy Ghost, be upon JW," remain with you for ever. Amen. The address was listened to with the grate! attention by the assemblage present, and OB were moved to tears, particularly at these ages in which his Lordship alluded to those of affection and remembrance which in him to this southern land, and those that he begged to be forgiven for any offence he might unconsciously have given to me his brethren in the course of discharging onerous and responsible duties of his office. Mr. CHARLES CAMPBELL, said that he U been requested by many of those present I assure his Lordship, that had more time his 1 allowed he would have received an data from the laity, expressive of their affection and respectful sympathy, and of theoretical 1 prayer that he might be providentially pt served, both in body and mind, during a long and probably eventful journey. The Bishop then again wished him to farewell, expressing his hope that every life ing would attend them until his return having shaken hands with his friends Lordship left the room, followed by the W and most earnest wishes of every one pray for his safety and success. 