CITY COUNCIL. Pursuant to a motion agreed to on a previous day, the Council met on Monday last, to take into consideration the Report of the Speoial Water Committee — The Mayor : Aldermen Egan, Ryan Allen ; Councillors Thornton, Driver, Hogan, Peden, Little' Piddiogton, Williams, Campbell, Weekes, Thomas, Lonehan, and Roberts — were nrasfint1. The minntes of the last meeting were read. After the business of the meeting had been open«d, the Mayor stated that a meeting of several members of the Committee had been held, and a resolution had been submitted on this important sutijsct, which it was intended to submit to the Council, but this resolution was not agreed to. Ha had, however, laid upon the table a resolution which involved his own opinion. Alderman Egan afterwards addressed the Council, by stating that be hoped the members had come there for the purpose of transacting business, and not to raise objections, .without having some reason for so doing ; and that, if with the objection thjy had some improvement to offer, he, for one, would be most happy to give it his most favourable consideration, as well as those who had been aoting with him — this he sincerely hoped would be the feeling of the meeting that evening on the very important question then before them, namely, a certain temporary supply of Water for the City. He, therefore, proposed, that a trench should be dug 1 0 feet wide and 1 2 feet deep in the neighbourhood of the tunnel, and that an engine be employed to pump the water into it. Councillor Weekes objected to this trench, and likewise to the use of an engine, which he said could only throw water 16 feet, how then could it throw water 100 feet. Alderman Egan said if he would read tho report, he would find the reverse of this statement to be tbe fact, the power of an engine, Buch as he spoke of, would throw the water 200 feet, and therefore it was easy to see that it could force it 16 feet without any difficulty. Councillor Drirer seconded the motion for a trench and the required engine. He was satisfied that such a trench and such an engine would be sufficient to supply the water for fifty years. Councillor Weekes, in a long and wordy speech, said that his objections did not arise from any desire to obstruct the business, but he wanted information. He complained that the mode of pro ceeding was not like that of business men, and he wished to see something like system pursued. Councillor Campbell moved an amendment to the motion before the Council, that the report be let alone, and tbe object it songht be left in abeyance until the Government Report had been received. Councillor Thornton seconded this motion. Councillor Weekes was on his legs again, and after having said a great deal, which we regret our space precludes our repor ing, Alderman Egan stated that he was at a loss to know at which he was the more astonished, whether it was at the real or pretended stupidity of the last speaker, or at the evident determination at which that orator had arrived, not to let the citizens have a supply of water while the report of the necessary information for such an undertaking was in the hands of those who had now brought it before the Co tncil. Councillor Weekes said he wanted to know where the expense of the necessary supply began and ended, and also its amount ; and likewise he wanted to know what would be the expense of the permanent supply ? Councillor Egan said that the wholethey were going for now was the temporary supply, which would cost somewhere about £3 tit) 0 as might be seen if Mr. Weekes would take the trouble to read the report. This sum would include tho oost of piping from tho pro posed trench to Sydney in the event of any accident which might happen to the tunnel, now well known to be in the most alarming condition. It likewise provided for an engine competent to do the worn they required, as well as the estimate of all tbs contingent expenses on obtaining a temporary snpply. With respect to the string of questions Mr. Weekes put to tbe Committee, he replied that he was not an engineer, nor a scientific man, that it had become his duty, in conjunction with others, to obtain tbeir information which euabled them to draw up the report at a considerable sacrifice of time as well as at a large cost of the public money, and that if those who used every means to prevent the adjustment of this matter in Council would only take a very small portion of that industry, and apply themselves to the mode in which the obj9ct of the meeting was to be exeonted without any delay, it wonld reflect credit upon them, instead of acting as they did. Alderman Allen at tbe elbse <>f Alderman Egan' a observations came in and asked to have the resolution read, be said he should support it, and be gave as bis reasons, that he bad just received a letter from the City Surveyor addressed to him as chairman of the Water Committee, stating the very imminent danger there was baRging over the city as at any moment from the state of the tunnel it might fall in and cut off every drop of water from- its inhabitants. Councillor Weekes begged leave to ask Alderman Allen a few questions which Alderman A. answered ; then Councillor Campbell followed asking others. Councillor Little was likewise anxi jus for a trifle in ihe part the other wo Councillors had taken, bat the worthy Alderman informed bim and the other two, that he did not stand there as a witness to be examined upon the various anbjec'8 they had broached to hits, bnt to enter his protest against any delay iD this matter. It was his opinion that if they were to wait for the Gjvornment report before they did anything, they would have to wait several months instead of six weeks, as Councillor Weekes had stated ; that whether they went for the permanent supply or the temporary supply of water, that they must have the engine, the piping, and tbe trench, and ' r these tkioga ho should immediately Yute according to the cost of the Estimate which appeared in the report to amount to £3600 and that while thoy were progressing with this work which was in any case indispensible, the Government would be going on. with their report land< as time elapsed the water would be in course or pro gress and security to Sydney, and they would be in a position to meet that report and by blending theirs with it or out of the two- to draw uo one whieh would meet with general approval, and with the money that might be voted by the Government for the purpose of a permanent supply arrive at the desired consummation. Alder man Allen said he should have thought that the Counoil would have resolved itself into a Committee and debated on tho report before them for a couple of hours, and them come to such resolu tions as might be most expedient for the procuring a temporary snpply of water for the city instead of having wasted their time as they had and effected nothing. Alderman Egan then addressed the Counoil throwing into it alt that he had previously stated, and likewise adding that if they had the slightest regard for their own safety and the publie wel fare they would pass the motion before them. The question was- then put and the original motion carried. The Council then ad journed until Friday. St. Benedict's Day at Sr. Mary's Cathedral. — This da? was observed in St.. Mary's with more than usual solemnity. At eleven o'clock a solemn High Mass was celebrated by the Lord Bishop of Maitland, assisted by the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, in cope, .as assistant priest. The Rev's. Messrs. Maher and Sheridan officiating sb Deacon and sub Deacon, and tho Rev. Mr. Dwyer as master of ceremonies, which were conducted strictly in accordance with the Roman Ritual. The excellsnt choir of the Cathedral executed their parts td perfection. After tho gospel the Rev. Dean Coffey, who had been speoially invited for tho occasion, ascended the pulpit and, in his usual perspicuous style, pronounced an eloquent panegyric on the life of St. Benedict. Tho Rev. Dean most happi'y selecting bis text from the beautiful Epistle of the festival. In his eloquent and instructive disoourse, the Rev. gentleman detailed with much beauty and impressiveness the maniiestatien of the divine calls to a religious life, as exhibited to the holy youth Benediot — his correspondence with those calls— his difficulties — his trials, and his devotedness to God UBder all those arduous and besetting difficulties ; thereby instancing, in his life, a perfect model of holiness to the youth of our day. The Rev. Dean detailed at great length the labours of the holy man Bene dict ; how, by the impulse of the Holy Ghost, he was inspired to- found a religious house ; how he dictated a rule containing so many documents of a holy life; how th s rule was so much prized as to be adopted by the great of this world ; how, from the first religious house which St. Benedict established, there flowed, like unto Btreams of fertilizing water, many colonies of mortified and learned solitaries, to whom, he observed, most certainly wo owe the preservation of the most precious remnants of ancient litera ture. We must consider their silent mansions, as having afforded the only retreat to science and literature in ageB when a universal ignorance threatened to banish from Europe every species of learn ing. The sublime productions of the greatest geniuses of Athens and Rome found a secure asylum in the retreats of religion. Men were wanted, who, secluded from the world, dedicated themselves to retirement by choice, to study by taste, and to labour by duty, animated by the same genius and pious zeal, living in common under tbe same regulations, and who wore willing to employ the leisure of their solitude in the laborious occupations of endless study and transcription. It is fortunate for letters, as well 88 for piety, that this body subsisted : no individuals whose minds would have been dissipated by publie matters could have given themselves up to such long and painful labours, and this is one of the many advantages which we derive from tboeo industrious and learned solitaries who, from the depth of their sanctified re treat, enlightened the world, whieh they bad quitted to follow the rule of the sainted Benedict and of those who sprang from that body, under what denomination soever they may be classified. Tho Rev. preacher would detain hi3 audience, in rooounting the intro duction into England of the holy faith by a Benedictine Monk, Augustine : ot the benefits to the faithful of leligious houses in tho middle ages ; how they were the sacred abodes of pisty for old and young; how they were in a peculiar manner the hostels of the poor, who needed not, then, a poor-law ; how the religious orders in medioeval time, kept alive the lamps, not only of liter ature, but also of piety. The learned preacher went on to Bay, that the institutor, the father Benedict, who, under God, was the originator of such a body of men, was not only a virgin by his un spotted life— not only a confessor by his strenuous propogation of ho'y religion, but also a martyr of divine love which always burnt in bis most holy and pure soul, which was rendered worthy of highest heavenly favours, on account of that deep-seated humility which he not only preached to his followers, but also practistd ia bis most holy IKe to tho end. We are sorry to be obliged to give- but a condensed account of this eloquent discourse, the first, on the occasion we have been so fortunate aB to hear. We were par ticularly struck with a beautiful specimen of Btatnary representing Sc. Benedict, the Saint of the day, executed, we are informed, by one of the fathers of the order, who is an amateur sculptor. Tho statue to which we refer, ocaupied a niche on tbe gospel side of the sanctuary. It is about three feet six inches, we Bhould imagine, and beautifully garlanded with, flowers: as a work of art, it reflects great oredit on tbe sculptor. The sacred solemnities of the festi val were very appropriately terminated by solemn vespers and benediction of the Holy Sacrament, by- the Lord Bishop of Mait land. The Yen, Archdeacon M'Encroe preached well on th© gospel of the day. Night prayers as usual On the whole,, we do- not remember, for some time past, to have spent so pleasant a day as was last St, Benedict's in Sydney. What — with the gorgeou© vestments, the lengthened train of venerable ecclesiastics, th© crowded and devout audience, and the deep toned Botes of th© swelling organ, we were very forcibly reminded of those days which are emphatic illy characterized by the learned Digby as the ages of faith. May it be often our happy lot to witness the recurrence of such beautiful festivals as the revolving year, in its eiroling oours8. ushers in St. Benedict's day.— -Communicated, Cos miBUTORR — Two out of & party of four or five person© about one o'clock on Sunday morning — said they contributed to put tbe uniform on the police, and they were not to be disturbed by them while standing in Pitt- street, or any other street in Sydney, they ultimately assaulted one of tbe constables who had requested them to go od and not make a noise at that hour in the streets— one of them was immediately taken into custody. Another named Cummins- interfered and tried to release his friend, a watchman passing at the time was desired to hold the one in charge, while the constable secured CumminB who was brought before the bench on Monday morning, and fined 10s. The watchman let tho other man go as he did not think he had any authority to hold bim. Prizk Fioht.— One of thes8 disgraceful exhibitions came off sfc Rocky Point, between Young and S-npleton, for £25 a side, ic lusted one hour and twenty five minutes, and was. won by th® former. 