rUIiLTCANS-1 ANNTJAL UCÉXSIXG MKßTLNO. vi Tho Court'bf Potty' Sessions, adjourned on Tuesday, opened again yesterday at noon. . -..Tho . Bight Worshipful the-JUyor; presided,: and was assisted on the-- Hench* by tho Police. .Magistrate, J. M'Leri$ Esq., Supefiuteiuhint of .Police, tho Water Polios .Magistrate, Messrs. .Moriarty,-Chambers, Allen, and Hill.. -.? John HenryJHumphries/ applicant' for license for the La!id*"Wc Lire lu, situated iir'Lower George-street, was called. . An objection was filed against the applicant, by'Mr. Charles' Mitchell, Mr. Edward Lane, Mr Charles M'Kellar, and Mr. Salmon, landlord of the Australian Hotel, residents in thc neighbourhood. The ob- jection stated that the house was ' improperly conducted-persons of bad ^characters, and of both sexes, being admitted ancLallöwed to remain there, until late hours at ui^ht,'arid that a nui- sance was caused in tho street by the constant oocurrenco of revolting and disgusting scenes enacted by persons coming from tho applicant's house. Mr. Johnson appcarcU in support of the objection, Mr. Nichols for thu applicant. Mr. Charles Mitchel!, of tho firm of P. Mitchell mid Co., Lower George-street, stated that'he lived opposite tho houso of tho applicant, which had beena scone of Yjpt and uproar during tho hist ton or twelve months. Tho noiso continued until midiiightand sometimes later. Tho 'people who' frequented the applicant's house, und who wero to be seen outside, were men and women of tho wurst characters. .The language of tho females who frequented that houso was of- the most abo- minable sort, and unfit to bo rcpoatoJ- Ile. (witness) was a married 'man, and In's wife was frequently obliged to quit the verandah, being ahooked at tho disgusting language'used hy the frequenters of-tho applicant's house. Thcro was a room at tho sido of tho house, abutting on Mr. Salmon's hotel. ? That room was called the Royal Albert Saloon, and from that room tba noiso principally issued: Thura was a noise intended ¡br musio in' that room every night excepting Sundays. Tn ornss- oxamination hy Mr. Nichols, Mr. Mitchell snid'that bo had uol'eOmplaiued to the polio, or oudcnvoiirad to procure redress hy putting tho law in forco against thc persons using the bad language. Mr. Charles M'.Kellnr, Sur- geon, Lower George-street, stated -that ho lived within a few doors' from tho applicant's houso which was frequented by most disreputable 'people. There was a placo cnllod a saloon there which was frequented hy persons ol' both sexos. The women were anything bi't h'-He:. -i.'>d, in his opinion, were loose cheivctort. Dr. (frederick M'Kellar, residing in Lower Ueorgc-atrct, statud that he hud known tho applicuut to bc tjie land- lord of the Land Wo Liva in, driving the last three years. It. was frequented by tho lowest blackguard people in tho toH'n. lt was tho resort of tho lowest sort of womon and sailors, and Californian refugees Tho ordinary lan gunge usoil thoreiu was of so revolting a nature that hu would be ashamed to repeat it. In 1850, his brother was ill and not oxpoolcd to live. Ho. was attended by witness nnd by Dr. Fullerton.! Witness requested the applicant to close the door, one night nt hilf past eleven o'clock, because tho, noise alllicted his brother. Tho applicant refused and threatened to push witness out of tho houso. Witness (¡lcd un objeotion against the applicant, who thereupon wrote him a lotter, tine itelling lilin with n prosecution, mid as witness, (lid not like to have u prosecution instituted against him ho withdrew his opposition. Ho was obliged to koop his children within doors alter dusk to pre- vent thom from hearing tho bud language. Witness'had-visited tho saloon thrco times to see tho description ol' thu clinructors who frequented it. Witness hud S3vcral times complained to luspector Connor with rcpird to tho manner in which applicant's house was conducted.. Witness was aware that_ most respectable persons had quitted tho adjoining hotel kept liv .Mr. Salmon, in cousequenco- of tho noiso and bad language used in thu applicant's houso. Witness was questioned by samo of tho magistrates with regard to-tho females, but replied that ho was unwilling to stiy | anything against tho unfortunate women who frciruantod tho houso. Mr. Hill asked Dr. I M'Kolhir if, on thc occasions when he had visited the applicant's houso, ha had beard auy blas- phemous language, or witnessed' any assaults within tho . house. Ur. M'Kelhu expressed his disinclination to answer tho question, unless compelled to do so hy tho mandato of -tho liouch. Ho had beau obliged,' in a professional manner, as a profes- sional man, lo witness scenes which it would bc improper to. compel him to narrate. Mr. Hill then asked Dr. M'Kellar, lu a sneering manner, if ho had seen tlie ghost lately in ' Georgo- strcot. Dr. M'Kellar nppoaled to tho hight Worshipful the Mayor, and to thc bench, for protection from insult at tho hands.of Mr. Hill. Two or three rulllauly looking follows in tho body of tho court created a great noiso by loudly'laughing, shouting, and thumping the woud work surround- ing the inspectors' scats, in ecstasy at Mr. Hill's witticisms. Tho I'olieo Magistrate and tho Super- intendent of Polioo instantly roso and ordered their expulsion. Subsequently, Dr. M'Kellar said, that ho hud been called upon, on two or thrco occasions, to visit tho , applicant's house professionally, and remained ut each timo but a few inmutes. During those'visits ho witnessed no misconduct in tho houso. lns|iector Connor described tho persons who visited nnd frequented the applicant's house, ns persons of tho most im- moral and degraded class in tho community. Ho incntionod'n conversation which ho heard on the 26th of last - mouth, between two depraved women, und two seafaring mon, and which was of a most disgusting nature. At the timo ho beard that conversation, ho was in tho bed-room ocuu pied by Mr. Salmon's children. ; Mr. Nichols cross-examined tho Inspector, who guvo his ovi denco with that obvious regard lor truthfulness and moderation, for which ho is conspicuous among tho Sydney Pulioc, and who said that thcro were other houses lu Sydney, which wero licensed, und wherein music; saloons wera kept, which wei-e of ns immoral and riotous a descrip- tion as tho "Land tro Livo In." Mr. Johnson rose, and wished to know if ono atrocious ntiisnncj was . to' bo justillod by tho oxisluuuo of nuothcr f Air. Salmon was called, and deposed that' ho was tho owuor and llconsoo of the Australian Hotel, adjoining tho publiu-housc occupied liv tho applicant. Thcro was a sholl adjoining his house, used. by tho'upplicnht as a saloon. Ho culled it a sholl, because thcro was no- party wall betweon it und his hotel, and con- sequently thc abominable language and the noise clouted therein nightly, could bo heard as plainly in lils boto), as tho voices of the witnesses und solicitors could bo hoard in tho Police Court, lt was impossible that any publia houso could bo worso conducted than tho ono occupied by tho applicant. Men and women of tho worst character, with a sprinkling of sailors, and any persons whocould buduooyod lu, frequented tho sa'loon every uight tvlth tho exception of Sundays, and on ono or, tiro occasions even the Sabbath, hod been desecrated hy their infamous coni)jot. : Tho laug jiugo' nseil.ii| tho applicant's 'jj "wv.. ?--;::,"..,.,j....._"..^-' 1 ' ~ ' lipui-e Hrts of tho M»*t horrifying description, ifml oould ba plainly board, Thu euuduut of thu mu» and womon «hi» frequented tho applicant's houso was ns disgraceful ns thoir language, mid witness hud written a lotter to Mr, Humphries upon thu mhjeot, in reply to which he received u threaten- ing letter. ' Witness had complained to Mr. M'Lerio. His lodgers had frequently been I obliged to go. out of tho ho el until titter mid- ! night owing to' tho noise, and many of them had i quitted Iiis hotel altogether. Mr. Kdward Lane,' residing in Lower George-street, gave testimony us to thc dissoluto conduct of tba parties wini visited tho applicant's house ; mid with regard to the noise made, and tho consequent aunnyauco caused to tho neighbours. For tho defence,'Mr. Nichols called a person named Castles, brother- ! in-law of applicant. He stated that lie was iu the ¡ habit o( going to thu applicant's house, j live or six times a week, and he sometimes aided in the management of tho house. Ho sworn that it was a well-conducted house, lt might seem differ- ently managed to otherpubliohouses, for instance, j tiio lloyal Hotel ; but it was better conducted than j any Other houso which was tho resort of sailors. Mr. Humphries invariably turuod out persons who used Lad language, or conducted themselves indecently. He had soen people come out of thu Australian Hole), go into thu Land Wo Live In, and kiok up a row. Ho had seen Dr. M'Kullar there two or throe times; and thu doctor seemed very much delighted with the music. - Tho appli- cant, was very partial to Dr.M'Kellar, and wished his company to take a glacs of grog with him. In cross-examination by Mr. Johnson, this witness stated, that he only once got his arm nearly broken when interfering to assist Mr. Humphries itt. keeping order... .The mon were generally, very* .'ridions,' but the ladies who visited the saloon were very ongnjiinif. There was a great noise and dis-, tuf nance outside at night sometimes, lie lind seen married couples visit tho saloon for a few hours of an evening. Mr. Humphries kept a gen- tleman' for. tho. express purpose of hoop- ing out - the .women who misconducted themselves. That gentleman had his » liands full of work, and had plenty to do to keep the lollies quiet. He was, however, 'ri very docent gentleman for his situation. If ho turned a womnn out, she wus*not allowed to re-enter that night, and sometimes not for two or three nights, in fact lie hail known' un aggravated case in which a woman was refused admittance during a'd'ort night ! The saloon was patronised by sailors, mutes, and occasionally oven by captains. As to tho noise, perhaps sumo one would sing a song, and if thu audienco admired it they would testify their approval by " knocking it clown." With regard to tho married couples, witness had en- quired who they wore. Mr. Johnson told »ho witness that hu was not required to mention their names. The witness contiuued, and said that any jicTEon, servant girl, or other, could go- into the saleo I H-jthout paying any ice for iidmitiunco, but they wo'uld be looked ut " very black" if they neglected to call fur something to drink. Mrs. Humphries never wont vi li to tho saloon. Mr , Robert M'Dongnll, residing at tho Queen's Wharf, was next culled by the ndyocuto for the defence. He avowed his unwillingness to give any evidence. His evidence was iinmutoriul, as it appeared that the saloon was distant from his dwelling about thirty-five yards, und that tho saloon and his house did not front each other, but he liad no doubt it was » unisuueo to the persons residing in the ¡inmediato vicinity. Tho bondi unanimously refused to grant tho license, i The application of Kdward.Carter, for license for tho Green Man, on the Parramatta Uiver, which was postponed on Tuesday for the Super, intendent of Police to inspect tfie premisos, was then taken into consideration. Tho Mayor suid thut tho report of tho Superintendent was un- favourable tu tho applicant. Tho house was too small, the rooms too few in numbul-, und tho pro- visions of the Licensing Act wore therefore not complied with. Tho Bench had no objection lo the individual, but under tho circnmslunees,.con- sidered it incumbent upon them to refuso grunt- ing the license. Thomas Monkhouse, applicant for linenso for' thc Ashfield Cottage, on tim Ashfield Hoad. Thc objection in this caso was withdrawn, and thc liccnsj'was grunted. Michael Haley, npp'.iaaut ? forr license for. the Wheatsheaf, in George- street, who is deceased si nee tho time when tho application was filed. This case was postponed on Tuesday, to allo'w Kdward Daley's attorney, Mr. Johnson, limo to lilo nu application in behalf of tho said Kdward Unley, the father and executor of tho deceased Michael Daley, und also to produce certificates that tile said Kdward Daley was a fit and proper person 'to be allowed to hold a publican's general license. When tho applicant was callod yesterday,'-Mr.' Little opposed the application on behalf of the widow ot Miohaol Daley, and who hu cont »lided was neting as administratrix to the estate, although letters ol' administration had not been granted to her, as she disputed tho validity of tho will of hor deceased husband. It appeared from tho arguments of tho logal geutlomun, that Michael Dalov died, leaving n wi low and nu only child. Tho child is only two years and niuo mon-hsold, and consequently tho mutilerais the legal guardian of tho child, until it attains the ugo of seven years. Tho deceased bequeathed tho small legacy of £25 to Iiis widow, leaving the bulk of Ins fortune to tho infant, und consti- tuting Iiis father, Edward Daley, executor, and ono of three trustees. Edward Daley claims tho houso for which a liuenso was sought, us his iona-fiile property, and il was contended by Mr. Johnson, that if tho bench consented to recom- mend tho widow for a licunso, it would bo useless, and tend to the detriment ol' tho estate, and to tho injury of tho infant, ns Edward Daley would refuse to grunt her a lcaso of the house, and con- sequently it would in reality continuu unlicensed. Thu beu'cb, especially Aldermau Alton, looked with suspicion upon tho conduct of Kdward Daley, who professed a particular interest in tho welfare of Ids infant ginudchild, mid yet entered into such au extraordinary opposition against tho child's mother, whom ho sought to eject from tho premises, knowing, ns ho did, that so small a legacy as £25, was all that lind beon bequeathed to lier, and ho lind not so much as hinted at any impropriety in. her conduct, as tho cause of the opposition. If ho sinceroly wished well to the infinit, tho course was clearly open to him to grant lier a lease. Mr. Johnson said that il would to illusory to grant a license to the widow. So long 03 Mr. Kdward Daley's ohurue.ter us executor was questioned by her, it was un- reasonable lo suppose that hu would rccogniso .her ns his tenant. Ucsides, if lie granted her a louse, sho would not pay. Mr. Little. said that ho enmo beforo tho bench cognizant of the fact, that.it was not imperative en their Worships, under tho circumstances, to recommend cither of the applicants for a 1 cense; hut on behalf of his client he solioited th-ni to do so. The hench concurred with Mr. Littlo, mid the Mayor said that there was no rule to iiulueo tho tench to recommend either of tho applicants, but the Justices st nipathisod with tho widow of thu deceasod Michael Daley, and re- commended hbr to the Govomor for a license. The Polioo Magistrate alone expressed his dissent, being of opinion that neither of tho parties aught to bu recommended for a license. Tho Sessions thou adjourned uutil Wednesday next, tho 12th instant, ut noon, when tho recognizances will bu recoivod of thoso persons to whom licenses have beau grunted. SUPPL* OF WATKU.-Tho water will bo turned off from tho City, on Friday next, tho "th instant, hoing thu first friday ¡II the month, for tho pur- pose of allowing connections to ho made with the mains, repairs to sorvico pipes. &e.; FIREWORKS IN THE STREETS.-A lad named Henry Barnes, about twelve yours of age, was brought beforo A Marulan Egan, and ll. liountd, Esq., J.P., ot tho Police Office,yesterday, charged wi tit letting' off fireworks iii tho streets. Thu boy's parents voside in Plilllip-streut, and thu father cunio foiyvard and prom ¡sod that he would not stifler thu buy to commit such nu iilfcneo 0"-ain. Tho Lloncli* took thu father's promise into consideration; and Unod thu Iud in tho lowest penalty'ùï'tdil'shllliiigsi and five shilling costs, and cautioning him thal if .nguiu brought up for a similar offence, ho would be liable to thu high- est penalty ol' £3. Tho Magistrates «Iso repre- hended tho growing praotino of unruly children whoauitiso themselves hy throwing orookurs, &o.;, lu tlfú snoots, frequently to the almoyanco of thu iioiiceablo passers by, and advised tho Police to bring tip any porspim guilty of such an qlj'ctipe. . 