CAPE AND THE CONVICTS. MR. MITCHELL'S JAIL JOURNAL. (Continuation The anti-convict convened a great run on. st race meeting yesterday, and have solemnly resolved to shut all shops, and to deal with no- body but their known customers and pledged persons. They really hope to make it impossible for the Governor to feed the convicts, or overt himself, while he harbours the convicts. The Resolution is printed and posted everywhere by way of proclamation and in one hour after it was promulgated yesterday, every shop in Cape Town was shut up. A courier was sent post haste to Simon's-bay withaeopyofthenow edict, and in- junctions to enforce the observance of the pledge rigorously from this day forth. Simon's Town is therefore once more inaccessible. The unanimity with which all this business goes on is wonderful. Even the " moderates' though de- precating this extreme measure, say they will not with their countrymen t because, in fact, nobody dares to disobey the plebiscitum. Here it is 2- j ANTI-CONVICT ASSOCIATION. At a special meeting of the Association field in the Town Hall, This Day, Thursday, J. J. L. Smuts, Esq., in the Chair, Moved by J. Fairbairn,Esq-.,seconded by Thomas Sutherland, Esq. " That in consequence of the bad faith of the Right Honorable the Earl Grey, and of his attempts to make this colony a penal settlement, against the wishes and the defiance of the petitions, remonstrances and protests of the india- bitants and that in" consequence of the detention within the limits of the colony of the ship Neptune with convicts on board, whose destination is the Cape of Good Hope, on the ground of a professional opinion given by Her Majesty's Attorney-General, as to the illegality of sending them away, which the whole of the other members of the bar have pronounced to be erroneous- Society in this colony is rapidly falling into disorder and dissatisfaction, less and less capable of fulfilling the duties of a free government, and less and less ca table of protecting the lives and property of the frontier and other inhabitants, should any troubles arise among the Native Tribes and people on the border- " Therefore it is the duty of all good and loyal subjects of Her Majesty, at once, from this day, to suspend all business transactions with the Government, in any shape, or on any terms, until it is officially declared that the Neptune, with the convicts on board, will go away as soon as all necessary supplies for her voyage can be put on board and that all intercourse and connection between private individuals and His Excellency and heads of the victualling departments, shall be dropt from this day-the Merchants, Auctioneers, Bakers Butchers, Shopkeepers.andall other good and loyal people, dealing only with such private individuals as they know and clearly understand to be unconnected with those departments by or through which supplies, sufficient to afford a pretext for the detention of the convicts, may possibly be obtained,-. And that the measures already taken for this purpose being too slow for the urgency of the 1980s, it is recommended, that after this moment, all shops and stores shall be closed, as for a solemn fast, except for the accommodation of order I nary private and well-known customers, that His Excellency may no longer be in doubt as to the impossibility of detaining the Neptune, with her convicts, within the limits of this colony. Car- ried unanimously. The wisdom of this last procedure may be, for aught I know, questionable. Certainly, it is not to be thought of that the Governor of maritime Colony, having plenty of troops and ships at his disposal, could be enforced, by more starva- tion, to do what the popular will dictates. He may be inconvenienced and the troops' may be made hostile to the colonists ; but all that will not make it " impossible to retain the Neptune in Simon's Bay for a few months, or even years Here she will assuredly remain, notwithstanding what they call the " urgency of the case." till the English Despatch comes in. Possibly therefore the course proposed by the " Moderates" may be wiser, to let matters go on quietly, in the mean- time (content that felony is kept afloat) reserving extreme measures of resistance to meet the actual atrocity of landing the cargo, if this should be attempted. I have a strong suspicion, however, that those .' Moderates would be Moderates to the last and that the preservation of the Capedcponded upon them, it were but a lost country. When we came in here at first, the chief leader of the movement seemed to be a Mr. Ebden ; but he has been backsliding into moderation, and is superseded by a Newspaper Editor named Fairbairn, a man of much ability and energy, and a most immoderate opponent of convicts. Ebden's Portrait lately hung up in the Town Hall, has been cast down and dishonoured and artists are now engaged on a great historic piece, represent- ing the Meeting of yesterday, with Mynheer Smuts in the chair, and Mr. Fairbairn in the act of moving the derisive Resolution interdicting the Governor from fire and water. There is talk of martial law and in fact any moment of excitement now may give excuse for it. Cape Town streets are always crowded : there are continual open-air meetings, and the smallest act of impru- dence on either side might bring about a collision whose issue would be hard to foresee. The chances of a revolt are beginning to be much discussed, and on the poop of the Neptune, as well as elsewhere e. The Dutch, as some of themselves have told, cordially hate the English Government; and are said to be perfectly willing, upon this question of convictism especially to pro- claim the country independent and to take up arms to make good their words. The Colonists of British descent also except the small party of Moderate slaves are quite as determined in this business as their Dutch neighbours. But then the City of Cape Town is absolutely commanded by the " Castle" and two small forts ; besides it could be shivered to atoms by the ships of-war in half a day. The interior country however is very strong, and to conquer it would need four times the force the Governor could command. One result of the present movement seems likely to be a true national spirit. This common danger threatening their country, common risk and loss in repelling it, mutual help and counsel against, one and the same treacherous foo, the very certificates in Dutch and English that carry travellers of either race through every valley, kloof, and plain in the wide continent, opening all doors and all hearts to an enemy of Graaf Grey, -these are the influences that have power to to make an accidental aggregation of Settlers become a national brotherhood, instinct with the vital fire of patriotism, and can transform the sons of English and of Dutch fathers into a self dependent, high-spirited nation of South Afri- says. So be it 1 I trust Downing-street will persevere like a Briton and in that hope I drink to-night with enthusiasm, in red wine of Cape vines, the health of the future South African Republic I have procured from therefore they do not seem to regard the pledge as strictly applying to me-a dozen of very tolerable wine and rum disgusted at their practice of selling their own red wine with a seal upon its cork bearing the legend .. Port," and their white as " Sherry." In truth', their wine is not a whit like port or sherry, and not half so good-yet South Africans ought to have respect to the produce of their own vineyards, and call it by South African names. Has not Drakensteln as good a sound as Rude she? Or shout hear asCotc dOr? When the Republic is established they must reform this altogether. altogether. 13th. The blockade at Cape Town has become very st riot Three persons have been detected supplying things to the Government secretly, and so turning a clandestine penny to the prejudice of the common weal.. Their names and crime' were instantly blazoned upon the corners of all streets : intercourse with them was suspended (opteschnrlenj-all communications with them cut off (aftesnyden). One of them owned houses all his tenants forthwith bundled up their effects and fled, as from plague polluted dwellings. Another of those public enemies attended a bullock sale he bid for a lot ; it was knocked down to' him he had the money in his hand to pay for it, when he was recognised as one of the traitors; the lot was forthwith put up again and every newspaper gave an account of the transaction next morning. The name of one of these unfortunate persons is Benjamin Norden, touching whom I extract an advertisement from the Zuid Aft laden -" Notice It is suspected that a person named Levy, or O'Leary, from George, is purchasing articles for Benjamin Norden. (Signed,; Alex. Miller, 13, Heeren gracht. 12th Oct., 1849." I . . a It is now generally supposed by the naval people here, that the last And convict movement will compel the Governor to suspend the Constitution, such as it is, and proclaim martial law, and take the supplies he wants, as in a hostile country. My impression still is that he will be able to maintain the public establishments without that odious proceeding : besides, he has none of the usual excuse for such an outrage, because the people are peaceable, every man only exercising his clear right over his shop and ware- house. Nevertheless Sir Harry, having a garri- son of three or four thousand men to feed, would be already in a sad extremity but for one or two desperately loyal individuals who are coming to his relief. There is a certain Captain Stanford, who has a large estate in Swellendam and he has placed at the Governor's disposal 2000 head of cattle, besides sheep innumerable : but soldiers have to butcher the meat, to bake the bread, and to build ovens to take it in, and to stand incessant volleys of civilian laughter all the while, to the sore provocation of those gallant fellows. There is by chance in Table Bay a vessel called the Rosebud, which had just been laden with floor, for Port Natal'. The Governor laid hands on it, paid the freight to Natal, and brought the flour ashore but soldiers had to row the boats the black boatmen would hold no intercourse. All this while the Commodore, who is our Governor at Simon's Bay, quietly provides stores of sheep and bullocks by repeated raids and forays, in the mornings I can count, through a glass, the tired brutes lying on a small patch of grass in front of his door. 18th Mr. Stewart, "instructor" of the Neptune, went a few days ago, stealthily, to Cape Town, and has had adventures. He has just returned on board, having been obliged to walk j half the way, because when they recognised him at Wynberg he could get no horse or conveyances for hire, he assures me that he left his hotel at Cape Town voluntarily, but if he had staid another night would have been turned out. He went into a woollen draper's shop to purchase materials for a waistcoat : the cloth was folded up and made into a parcel, when some one came in who knew him to be the convict instructor ; there was a whispering with the shopman for a single > instant, and then Mr. Stewart was informed that [ he could not be supplied there. He asked with a indignation " if their pledge required them to ?? deny clothing to a minister of the gospel, to cover his nakedness." This strong way of putting the case staggered the woollen draper, who had not considered the matter in that exact point of view : ' who said he would step over and consult Mr. Fairbairn (the able editor aforesaid) and on coming back said positively that the thing could not be done. Mr. Fairbairn sent word to Mr. Stewart that he might go to the Governor for waistcoats that Sir Harry Smith, victor of Aliwal, was the man who had undertaken to supply the convict department. The Cape newspapers are regularly supplied to me; and I find that intelligence has arrived of the effects produced in remote places, Graaf Roynot, Graham's Town, We, by the announcement that the accursed Neptune had actually cast anchor in Simon's Bay, '. Solemn fast every where: windows hung with crape : bells generally telling : government offices placed under a complete inter- dict, and declared to be dead men. morally and politically defunct, until the bandits leave Simon's Bay. Butchers and bakers say to them." we deal not with the dead-you are no more for the Neptune floats in Simon's Bay and it is imposes; too that departed spirits should need bread or beer. We cannot take money from ghosts ; therefore, evident in the name of God I-for the convicts ride at anchor in Simon's Bay." Almost all the justices of the peace throughout the country, paid officers of government, are pouring in their resignations a great numbers of functionaries called field cornets are doing the same. I do not clearly understand the office and duty of these field-cornets, but whoever they are they cannot think of holding any sort of communication with Sir Harry Smith till the Neptune leaves the Bay. There is a functionary named Montague, Secretary to the Governor, and quite a great man of the kind. He is just now on on official tour through the interior and though he had been accustomed to distinguished receptions at all the district capitals Upon such occasions local authorities turned out to meet him with trumpets or such other instruments of noise as they have now he can hardly get horses to hire or lodgings to sleep in. Horses they will give him to return to Cape Town, but none to proceed; and he thinks himself fortunate if he can borrow two chairs under a cattle-shed, to spend the night, and a dry crust of bread. To give him even so much I regard as a culpable dereliction of principle. ( To be continued.) 