LOCAL INTELlàCrËNtOË! POSTAGE STAMPS.- His Iïxcellen cy tlie Governor-Gpupral dirrclsit to be notlfpt). thal In pursuance of the provisions of tho lilh claus» of the Act of the Governor and Coun- cil, 15ih Victoria. No 12, intituled41 An Act ta consolidate and air.tnd " the Lato for Con- veyance and Pottage of ." Lttttrt!' a plate hag been provided for Si::-pcnny Stamps, of th« «ama design as the Penny and Twopenny Stumps now in use. Sixpenny. Stamps with this dosicjn «ill be immediately issued. A LIVE GHOST.-For several days and nights past tho nerves of the llrickfiold-hill resi- dents have been seriously affected by tho hourly apparition of nn-unenrthly flguro at tho windows of a dilapidated building adjoining tho premises of Mr Tanner Wilshire Women, children, and mnid servants wer o scared from their several duties of suckling, playing, ¡ind . scrubbing, by tho appaling visitant ; whilo tho greatest ex- citement prevailed amongst tho males, whoso cournge was challenged to elucidate the " mys- tery.'' I<ast night ono of tho redoubtablo corps of " Indigoos," doubly armed with baton and a bal), volunteered ns a '* forlorn hope " to unken- nel tho spirit, and forthwith, ascended to tho haunted chamber, amidst the-choors of tho motley group, consisting of sovorat hundreds, collected below. In a few rrtomants tho daunt- less '. trap" re- appoored, grasping by tho collar a stalwart-built youth, who had, it would appear, undertaken to .play tho part of Hamlet's papa for thia occasion only. This substantial refuta- tion of-their fenrs was received withyolliof delight by tho crowd, who voluntarily, iii matte, escorted tho "phantom" to watchhouso quarters. APPOINTMENTS GAZETTED'-His Excellency the Governor-General - has b(en pleased tn appoint Edwaid' James Campbell North, Esquire,' lo be "Collector of Royalty, at lanuisa Creek, in theCnuniy. of Wellington, in lb« ronni bf -Rlehaod_ Tasker "-Furlong, EsqV deceased. " - . OLYMPIC Gtn«us.-^The visit of Mr . Ashton, with a' portion of 'his talented troup* to the Hawkesbury; has hot been suffered lo de- tract from the interest or variety of the enter- tainments próvido! for- Ii!« Srdney frlenils during tim week. Signor, Cardos* bas bindii tl the reins of his rajuinc government with unex- ampled ability, and continues . to receive that degree nf encouragement 'which -tátent and perseverance combined shon'd ever 'command-.. On Monday mid Tuesday evenings Host, tho entire Company \vlll resume' their canvass for public favor, which we doubt not will, be a suc- cessful one. -Th!« evening; also, the bill of fure ls ni(>re than usually attractive. , LATEST WATCH-HOUSE KKPORT.- The man who has boen, constantly, about to " torn ovor a now f¿a/,";»hoií toon booted, and to und over again. , 1 . - J ' NKW rNsotvBNT.r->i~ James Lovett, o£ Fort.street, Syclnoy, master marbler. Amount of liabilities, £181, Os.- 2uV Mr Goorgo King, Official assignee. A MYSTERY OP STDNBT.-Who » Gentlrman Mavis P What is Gentleman Mavis ? Where can .Gentleman Mavis be seen ? What haunts does (Jentt«mait Mavis frequent ? Is hs or Incut habitation P Wo know that he hst a nattie ; bul li he a name et prater ea nihil 1 J? he of mortal substance, or spiritual essence P? ,Jri lie giant or pigmy i goblin or. RoId-tliggsr P Dots lie aflect the Church or th« Casino ? is hs stout and short, or long and thin P- Where is I.eP What is hat .Who'/* Gentleman Math) P TtiÖATUlCAL Gut*.--When an aotor. ls " goosed " .upon tho hontds, whnt ts tito mott pojlto course for him lo- pursue t To return an anter. .'".'' ," .> WHY is an indifferent .navigator Ilk» ., .n clumsy dressmaker P-; Hocauso ho's perplexed by tho deviation of tho needle. ''. " - " -.-vt '? ** '"' '' ,/< 