Election of Mayor. AVcdnesduy being tho eventful ilny appointed for the election of- ii member of tho Municipal ? 1'iirlinment to tho ox- tingulshod honors of tho ] Miiyornlty, nt 9 o'clock the polling for tho severn! candidates commenced in thev anons wards, nnd ' was inaintninud with unwonted vigour until tito fateful hour of 4 pjn. knelled tho departed hopes ¡ of two of tho ihreo gentlemen who had entered 1 tho lists. Tho ox-Mayor, Ahlennnn Kgim, and Councillor Usher, were tho chlvnlrio trio who rodo n tilt in tills municipal totirnny, nnd who, having buckled on their iinnonr nt rosy dnwn, vnttllol tt|)on their fretful chargers, and hied them to tho appointed itch! in nil thu conlldcuco of anticipated victory. Indeed it was freely ru- moured that a breiik anti four liveried Buccpha lusos hud boon decorated as a triumphant car for tho convoynnco of tho ox-Mayor from tho scono of lils success to Ids town munsion i that Alder- man Egan had bespoken an oyster supper fur two nt .brant's t und that Councillor Fisher hail actually polished hil Sunday " hlgh-lowa" for this occa=ion only, and borrowed a fled of corn from a kind-hearted neighbour for 'Ole animal employed to do the horse-work in his establish- ment lt wa J evident, however, from the start, that the Comicill r» ghost of a chance was thc conjuration of his own morbid imaginings, and it was speedily laid by the rival twain spurring n-htad, leaving the King Fisher not a feather to fly with. Thc struggle between Thurlow and F.gnti was brief, the latter speedily heading his opponent, and wincing the chair" by no fewer timn 122 votes. Shortly after the closing of the polk thc Town Clerk, in his capacity of Returning Officer, ap- peared in the verandah of the City Chambers, and read the f Uowing ns the result of the polling : "* ' "' - . Fisher. TD 694 572 65 The Mayor Fleet then advanced, and in a brief address expressed his gratitude to the electors for thc distinguished honor they had conferred upon lum ¡ assuring the m that wdtether permitted to take his seat or not, he should equally retain a grateful recollection of their kind recognition of his pa=t services, by" electing him to the highest t dignity it was in their power to bestow. He re- pudiated nny wish for the stipend attached to the office, pledging himself that not a shilling of the citizens' money should go into his own pocket ; or thur, should it do so, it would only bo to come forth again, multiplied by itself, to be freely expended by Itim in any way conducive to their interests. Alderman Thurlow next addressed thc elector» in a speech indicative less of anger than of sorrow nt their choice having fallen npon other than himself. [The cx-Mavorwas very well received.} Councillor Fisher, in pallid ag ny, then forced his portly person lietwccntwo pillars of thc veran- dah, and gasped forth his bitterness of spirit, until the crimson ebb-tide of his heart flowed back again with an iinpjtuosiry which brought the fire, us it were of a locomotive, into his facial frying-pan. The unhappy gentleman, after a profuse ]>crspirntion, liaving pumped himself dry, blessed the assembled citizens, and was speedily evanescent. ossaeaeeissmissajsammmmmÊaÊÊÊmm Tlie friends of thc late lamentable City Cor- poration arc respectfully invited to attend its 1 obsequies, which will rake place on the 31st in- stant, at noon. The procession will move front the Town Hall, York-street, precisely at tho above hour. HENRY THOMAS, Undertaker. No Circulars will be issned. 