(From the Catholic Standard.') Eierurgia ; or, Transubstantiation, Invoca tion of paints, Uelics, and Purgatory, as set forth in the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and the use of Holy Water, Incense and Images ; the Ceremonies, Vestments, and hitual emoloyed in its celebration,, among the Latins, Greeks, and Orientals, expounded and illustrated, from Paint ings, Sculptures, and inscriptions found in the Roman Catacombs, belonging to the earliest Ages of Faith. By Dr. Rock, ; D. P,t Second : Edition, wifn Additions, London: Dolman; Protestantism is little else than debased. Judaism. A degenerate or debased Catho licity it is not, nor does it even pretend to be. The doctrine of sacraments as opposed to types is not distinctly asserted by any. Prottstant sect..,., By nearly all of them, indeed, it is distinctly and emphatically repudiated. The Anglican, indeed, with \ts Roman Caiandar, of Saints, all believing in the doctrine of.Ti-ansubs.tantiation, and .with, its bundle of 'J hirty-nine Articles, all speak ing the heritical slang of Bucer and Martyr, k and in choice heretical lingo denying the reality of this doctrine, we. cannot, nor can . any one else, say what it believes. Write upon* it ' Legion,' for it believes every thing and anything— -write upon it 'J3abel,'. for it holds nothing distinctly, and boic'Js. everything- it may or may not hold, in a ?; ? state of u ud isguised confusion. The great {Jar of Chatham said that it had a Popish Praver-book with Calvinistic Articles ; ami;' this.somewhat moderated would expresS'tbe;' truth. It is the very privilege of an Angli can as well as of every other Protestanr, to think as he likes, so that he does not turn stark infidel, and disturb the conscience of his neighbour. The Articles were, formed ' with the sole and express object to misguide mislead, and betray. With the exception of. / a few heavy blows at Popery on the one side, and infidelity and rival sects on the other, they are all written in t lie. .double faced language of a Ministerial or Queen's, speech. : It is quite impossible, therefore, ? to say what the Anglican sect does or does ; not hold, with the exception, indeed, of one important dogma which. all alike agree, to rally around, and stoutly to uphold aad maintain we mean the infidel verity of, civil supremacy in spiritual and ecclesiasti cal matters. On this one p-int all are united,; on no other whatever (particularly as the laity are required not even to believe the Articles), on no other whatever, not even on the existence of God, the. immortality of the soul, the. rule o/ Divine Providence, are they, or are they required to be at one . with each other. So what a few Puse^ites may or may not believe, or, what Hooker did believe, or what Hooper did'nt fs quite beside our inquiry. Nay, considering that « WV1IU1 I ilj U1IV/ ^-* V#l »A* \r L.M WHUVJ *.»*J %s * w* previously since the Reformation, me very mark and note and distinction of Anglicanism from all other isms, is that it is a professed Babel, it is quite beside our purpose, or thc;t, indeed, of any one whatever, to pay it any attention or direct any notice to it what ever. When after the lapse of three' or more centuries, it shall have at length suc ceeded in coming to a definition and effectua ting a unity, it will be time to ask it what it has to say for itself. But till it shall have fiist settled, at any rate, whether it believes the fundamental doctrine of Baptism or not, it is quite beside ike qiiestion (and for this, indeed, we ought already to have apologised) ? to consider it at all in any treatise on the Sacraments of the Church of God. Ihe only Protestant sect, which is superior in this and many other respects to the Anglican, which on the whole expresses the via media school of Bucer, or half-way house between Luther and Calvin, is that of Luther himself, whose school being the first step1 of departure from, is also the closest in point of propinquity to, the doctrine and ritual of the Catholic Church. But even this sect, the highest and the most ancient of all Protestant ones, cannot property be said to hold the doctrine of Sacramentaliiy that special doctrine and privilege vvhicu distinguishes the Catholic Church from the Jewish. For besides totally denying all other Sacraments and Sacramentals, with the exception of Baptism, which they most inconsistently hold, and in tbe mystery of which they do not believe, the Lutherans cannot be properly said to believe even in the Sacrament of the Eucharist, for with, true Protestant subjectivity, they define the Real Presence to be only momentary, and to depend upon their own reception of it. The Reformation has never yet been shown up, at least as far as we have seen, in its broad and simple character. It was simply a movement of the lower part of our nature aganist the higher. it was the rebellion of pride against humility, and of human passion and proud independent intellect, against the Cross and' Passion .of the Church and the mortification of our- ( selves, in obedience to, in imitation of, and in communion and union with, the Passion of Christ. It was worse than a relapse to simple Judaism-. Simple Judaism, such as it was, was a state of grace, by virtue of the types,' through which it looked forward to j t lie ? reality Rut Protestautism was in everything a direct reversal of the reality, and in effect said' that nothing that was spiritual was real. It admitted that every thing material was real, but it denied that .matter could be united with sancity. So it could not believe the Saciaments. It denied the suuei-ification of matter. It ought in consistency, to have gone on and ' denied the Divine Incarnation ; -but this will be left for' its followers. The followers of the Reformers will do it, though they left the work unfinished themselves. The heresy of Protestantism consists in this, that it denies the Sanctitv of the Church. This, its denial, forms its alone and essential dogma. Everything else it teaches is formed around this its single centro of 'teaching, and only flows from it and out of it by direct inferen tial consequence. The whole Reformation was nothing less Chan a denial of the whole Sacvamcntality of the Church. First of all it denied the great Sacramental Fact of the Church herself, as the Spouse and as the Rodv of the Holv Ghost. Thence it pro ceeded to deny the Sacramental power of Her priests and ministers. And thirdly, but this was the last step, as is avowed by Luther himself, who declares in his own biography that he could not get on tiil the Devil had at last persuaded him to 'this, he denied the Sacraments themselves. The only exception, and with a great part of the Reformers not even this, was what may be called the first, or lowest, or initia tory (which by the way ' The Church of Eugland' does not even hold professedly) or la) (belonging to the 'laicum- sacerdolum'^ Sacrament of Baptism.- And this alone was admitted because it was thought liltle of. The Sacrammtulity of the Church was generally, aud we may all but say, universally denied. And practically it has besn universally denied ever since, down to the rise of Puseyism, which firs,t preached the long-forgotten doctrine of Baptismal Re generation. The Reformation denied the union of matter with spirit, it rejected all idea of Sacraments, it repudiated the very notion of jSanctification, It rejected Saints and Sanctificalion as simply impossibilities. It admitted nothing but imputation, the doctrine admitted by Judaism. And even \- such mete firms of Sacraments as it main tained, it denied that they had substantial reality, but that they were merely typical, looking backward instead of forward, and itrufa rwii 1^1 ri it in t Y-. r. lYtCpl VPfi lint* ile cinno ovirl iC-omoiemorations. That that iropoilant dogma of the creeds was denied, which .de.c.lures,-'' 1 believe in the Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church ;' ' I believe in the Bo'y Ghost, the Lord and Giver of Life.' - They denied the power of the rioly Ghost to, be 'Lord and Giver of Life to His Church.' They defied that He could be the ' Giver of Life' to His human sacerdotal ministrants or to His Church collectively. They denied that He could be the ' Giver of Life' to the Sacra ments.. Thev fell back, as we have said. t.n something far worse than Judaism, for it v?aa a Protestant or Samaritan Judaism that they fell back upon. The Protestant lives quite as much in types, and shadows, and mere remembrances, as the Jews in their prophetical images. The only difference is that those of the Jews were true and efficacious types, while those of the Protes« tant are false and without apy efficacy what ever. This being the case, we hail with great satisfaction the re-appearance of such a use ful and important and elaborate and learned ;work as that of Dr. Itock, with no feelings of ordinary pleasure. His 'Hierurgia' forms a very complete epitome of all that maybe said upon the subject of Transub stantiation, Relics, &c;, and of all those tangible and visible, and material things, the sanctity of which the Protestant, deny ing logically and inferentially as he does the Divine Incarnation of our Lord in the womb of the Blessed Virgin, comes forward boldly 4o deny. This second edition has the two volumes bound in one, and so forrms of itself a handy i manual. of reference. It .has also an ad-] vantage over the first editioa, in being en- \ riched with numerous additional wood-curs ( of the monuments of Christian antiquity. . This work is so well known, and, indeed, has now become such a recognised standard Catholic work, that it is unnecessary 'for us , to load our puges with extracts, interesting j as they would prove in themselves, Y\ e . will only, for the sake of such as may not j be alive to the merits of the work, quote the j following fiom the Notes on the K'ubrics of t Ilia VI K12U ? The style of music for flinginpr tlia l- PiefaCe' and the ' Paternoster,' and for chanting the. Psnltns at Vespers, and at parts ot the Divino Service, has about it a eimplo grandure, and is so exquisitely touching, that, independent of those olaims to our respect which it possesses by its venerable antiquity, it has been regarded with enthusiasm through its own intrinsic merits by some amongst the most celebrated composers and writers of muuic. It is indiscrimi nately called Plain Song, and the Gregorian Chant; and though some portion of it— several tones, fop instance, of the Psalms -be supposed to have been used in the Jewish Temple, still it receives this latter appellation from the itornan Pontiff, St. Gregory the Great, who reformed the too florid and artificial stvle. which towards the decline of the sixth century had imperceptibly insinuated itself into the Church service. To introduce a pure and more appropriate taste, the Pontiff established a school of singers at Home, an institution which is still discernable in the choir of the Pope's Cnapel, where many of the graces peculiar to the ancient style are still exclusively but scrupulously preserved solely by tradition. To this school of singers, founded by St. Gregory, the whole of the Western Church, but particularly the English portion of it, was indebted for its beautiful and appropriate style of ecclesiastical rnuaic. John the Beacon assures us that St. Austin introduced this styie of singing into Britain immediately from Rome. According to iha same Papal biographer, the s Pontiff Vtralianus, according -o our own Venerable Bade, the Pontiff Agatho dfcputed the Roman singer John together with Theodore, to instruct the British Churches in the science of the Ecclesiastic*! music. 