aAMOtí, : We. w4jW<<^«e!jr'prepared for V debates on ihf^|j»,'gwy otr*b«>c«aai00of theqaetliott Wagptot;âftér'1bt Third reading ; 2 That- the nil do now pass." Such a practice it altogether repugnant to Parliamentary usage, although (M Speaker quoted some extract from Dwarris to "ratify such. a precedent. The conduct of the Attorney agu Solicitor-General, in reading tkjsv.vPfJinw at inch a time, independently of bfj^WMretedentèd, was he " the highest Up. Attwell and whatever their active may have been, they appear at all events unworthy, and intended to prejudice a great financial measure, which differs only in one important element from that proposed by the Government, by appeals to the lowest passions of the multitude. Fortunately, such efforts are in vain, for the poor man may as well pay a duty upon tea and sugar as upon calico, for his wife's gown, or socks for his children. The mechanical part of the population, we assure both Mr. Fleming and Mr. Smith, understand their interest in the matter far too well to he duped by what Mr. Chapman very properly termed "clap-trap;" and if the design was to bring Mr.- Chapman into discredit with the labouring population, the attempt has signally failed. Mr. Gleadow administered to Mr. Fleming a very wholesome reproof for his conduct on this occasion, and the remarks of Mr. Allison were sensible and well-timed. If the elected members acted in a similar manner, the revolutionary records of France would be ransacked to bring up such another instance of unparalleled audacity, and the ghost of Robes- pierre exercised to bear witness to the atrocity of faction. We believe that no motive actuated Mr. Fleming beyond the chagrin of defeat, because the Tariff that he had the honour to propose was not passed, Mr. Justice Montagu upon one occasion remarked upon this pervading spirit of love for his adopted cause which distinguishes Mr. Fleming, and compared him to Don Quixote going about with lance in hand challenging the whole world to produce a fairer Dulcinea (Tariff) than his own. But the Don would not have taken such an occasion of venting his annoyance at defeat on the contrary, he would have saluted his antagonist, and complimented him on his prowess and perseverance in carrying such a measure, even against himself; while he trusted it would be attended with all the beneficial effects anticipated to flow from it. Had Mr. Fleming acted in this manner, he would have only discharged an act of common courtesy ; but he has something to learn even from Don Quixote. 