THE EMPIRE. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1852. EUROPEAN NEWS. OUR last dates by the Royal Stuart, were to October 30. On the 30th ultimo, the Joshua arrived at Melbourne, bringing news to November 4. On the following day the Bride came into that port, having made the splendid and unparallelled pas- sage of seventy-six clear days from Ply- mouth. By these arrivals in the sister colony, we have received English papers to No- vember 8th, brought on by yesterday's overland mail, and we are indebted to our Melbourne contemporaries for further news to November 14th. The Queen and Royal family were still at Windsor. Thu demonstrations of publie wolcomo to Kossuth were even more general and imposing than our lust accounts led IIB to expect. On tho 3rd of Novembor, tho working classes assembled in Copenhagen Fields for tho purpose of presenting a publie nddress to tho great Hungarian oxile. We tnko tho following account of tho event from an unfriendly journal ; it cannot, therefore, be suspected of being too favourable to tho object of tho meeting. Tho people assembled iiiRussoll-sqiiaro, and from thence went ia procession to Copcnhugen-nolds, near Islington, where Kossuth and las friends were waiting to receive them. Tho multitude was estimated at between ten and fifteen thou- sand. Tho flags bore various inscriptions, amongst which we may mention the following i -" Welcome Kossuth ! tho patriot !" tho Turkish enslgn, surmounted by a gilded crosent; tho American stars and stripes ; " Kossuth, Mazzini \--Italy, Hungary ;" " Tho men of Marylebone ;" " What is life without liberty ?" surmounting a harp; "A tear for Hungary,'' surmounting a shield ; Union Jacks ; the Time newspaper crumpled up and swinging at a gibbet, accom. panied by tho words,' " The fate of liars" on one side,' and' ' Mentire est turpe," on tho other ; Hungarian colours ; Union Jack ; red flag, sur- mounted by a cap of liberty; Tower ''Hamlets flag, with the words, "A speedy triumph to Democracy.'' Dby the time the procession reached tho tavern called Copenhagen House, which 'was about three o'clock,'the numbers present could not be less than 50,000. On Kossuth making his ap- pearance, a congratulatory address, in the usual style, was read to him by Mr. Pettie, secretory of tho committee. Kossuth, iu reply, made a very long speech,- which, as we have already stated his views at great length, we are necessitated to cur- tail. : He maintained his cautious policy of sepa- rating himself from the appearance of favouring Socialism, though he identified his cause most fully with that of the Italian revolutionists, who, he pretended, held on that subject tho same views with himself. He said : "There are new doctrines agitated in certain countries which; 'by what right it is not mine to investigate, are considered by many, to be incompatible with social order, and 'with the principle of security of property. Now Hungary has and will have with these doc- trines nothing to do, for tho most simple and more decisive reason, because in Hungary there is no occasion, there is not tho slightest oppor- tunity for them. We have not the decease, so we want no medical speculations about the remedy. We want freedom and independence, and we will be rescued from the evil—the Austrian dynasty. But we want no theoretical speculations about property—we want them as little as tho citizens of the United States, whose institutions we wish to have established in our country, with the difference that Huugary is and will not he divided into states, but will be one country, composed of free municipalities. And I am confidently assured that all this is the very case also with Italy. Italy has also no occasion to share those doctrines, therefore neither its people nor its popular leaders have nothing whatever to do with them.'' On tho subject of " The Brotherhood of People" he said—" You say that in tho brother- hood of people is the certainty of success in re- sisting tho encroachments of despotic power. Truly it is so. Take tho interference of Russia in Hungary, of the French government in Rome, of Austria in Romagna and Schleswig-Holstein, and of Austria, and Russia in Hesse-Cassel, which made only tho most loyal, tho most moderate, tho most lawful opposition to the absolutist encroachments of its petty tyrant, and yet was crushed by Austro-Russian arms. 'Take all this together, and the fact is clear, that the despotisms are leagued against tho freedom of the world ; so that there is no hope against them but in the brotherhood of peoples headed and protected by England and tho United States of America, by uniting in tho principles of acknowledgment of tho natural rights of every nation to dispose of itself." The principles of the Hungarian revolution he thus stated : -" Though the people of Hungary were monarchial for a thousand years, yet the continued perjury of the Hapsburgs during throe hundred years, have so entirely plucked out of the heart of my nation every faith, belief, and attachment to monarchy, that there is no power on earth to knit tho broken tie again ; and therefore Hungary wills and wishes to be a free and independent republic—but a republic founded on the rules of law, securing social order, security to person and to property, and tho moral develop- ment as well as the material welfare of the people—in a word, a republic like that of the United States, founded on the institutions inherited from England itself." On tho following Thursday, November 6, Kossuth made a public entry into tho City of London, at the invitation of the Lord- Mayor, to receive the address which had been voted by the Corporation on tito.2nd of October. Wo extract tho following condensed account of his pro- gress through tho crowded streets of the metropolis. It had been intmatcd that he would lenvo his residence in Eaton place, about ll o'olook', so as to arrive at Guildhall hy 12 o'clock, the hour appointed by the Lord Mayor for tho assembling of tho Court of Common Council. Accordingly, as the hour ofoleven drew nigh, crowds assembled at Eaton-square, crowds lined tho streets, there was a largo crowd at Charing-cross, whore Kos- suth said a few words to tho peoplo ; nil up tho Strand were ranks, windows were filled with gazers, and ns the procession'passed slowly along, tho watchers nearer tho City, hoard tho thril- ling, unmistakeable roar of a British crowd. In thc City tho. multitude was BO dense that tho carriages were delayed. Here, even the Times admits, tho crowd was very " respectable,'' and tho cheering very hearty. Kossuth reached the Guildhall just before ono o'olock. In the car- riage with him were Lord Dudley Stuart, Mr. Gilpin, and Mr. Alderman Wiro. The Common . Council Chamber was- thronged, and tho Court full.. When Kossuth entered, there was a burst of cheering at once hearty and unanimous. The cheers which greeted his passage through Guild- hall were continued in tho Court of Common Council ; and notwithstanding all the indignant cries of " hush'' by some of tho more staid mem- bers of Council, this cheering was irrepressible for some time. M. Kossuth was then introduced to thie Lord Mayor, with whom he shook hands .very heartily. Tho following address was then road by tho Town Clerk :-" Illustrious Sir-We, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of tho city of London, In Common Council assem- bled, present to you our heartfelt congratula- tions ou your liberation from captivity, and your safe arrival in this country. We liavo watched with deepest interest your struggles on behalf of' the constitutional liberty of your oppressed fellow-subjects.. When those struggles proved unavailing, and yon were com- pelled to become a fugitive in tho land of the stranger, our sympathies- followed you to Wid din and Kutarah, and we addressed the Foreign Minister of our country, to prevail upon him to exert his influence for your liberation.. We now see you in this our free country, and are eager to offer you a hearty welcome. Accept, illustrious Sir, tho expression of our earnest do» siro that it tuny please Him who ruloth over all to permit you yet again to behold your beloved country iu peace, enjoying all that consti- tutional liberty it has been your object to se- cure. Accept, illustrious Sir, tho expression of our prolound respect and cuusidjrution." The cheering which followed the reading of tho address having subsidod, tho Town Clerk for- mally presented it to M. Kossuth, who received it with several bows and pressed it to his heart. Kossuth, of course, replied by an oration, lt wiis long, less impulsivo, less eloquent than his Winchester and- Southampton Bpcuohes; but it was clear, philosophic, and suited to tho 'audi- ence. There was tho greatest reach of principio in it, but oxprcssed in sobor langungo ; it turned chiefly upon tho principles of municipal institu- tions as illustrated that day. Pointing out how essential to . freedom is an activo interest in foreign affairs, and tho consequent abolition of secrecy in diplomacy, ho said, " To London, foreign affairs constitutes a vary question of life. Tho city bf London, awato of this position of hoing tho metropolis of tho world, and conse- quently aware ot tho necessity to watch atten- tively foreign affairs and tho condition of foroign countries, has bestowed the benefit and the ho- nour to be attentive to the cause of freedom. In consequence of this attention, you bestowed your interest upon tho past struggles of Hun- gary, because you saw our cause to be just, righteous, and in harmony with those mighty in- terests which are embodied in tho city of, Lon- don ; and, therefore, you united with your in- terest for tho past your wishes for tho future. And here, my Lord Mayor and gentlemen, you meet my first request. Let not these wishes, this sympathy, remain a barren word. You have tho power to do so-give to oppressed hu- manity your helping hand. I cannot, forbear, having spoken some words on tho importance of foreign affairs, and especially in respect tp the city of London, staling that I believe the time draws near when, for tho whole world in tho manngemont of diplomacy, a radical change must take place.' Tho basis of diplomacy has been secresy : and there is tho triumph of abo lutism and tho misfortune of a free people. I hope soon this will cease, and foreign affairs will be conducted by that power which must be the ruling one in a constitutional government public opinion, I scarcely can see how it ls possible that the principle of the secret of di' plomacy got ground, not in England only, but throughout tho whole world, -when a question of a single penny of tho national property could not be disposed of without tho consent of tho peqple,'' Winding up energetically, he said " Gentlemen, I will again nnd again repeat to you these words ; I will repeat them with tho faith of those martyrs of old, which has moved tho hills and tho mountains ; I will concentrate all tho fire of my sentiments, all the blood of my heart, all tho energy of my mind, to raise these words high and loud, deep and solemn, till tho almighty echo of tho public opinion in repeating it becomes like tho thundering trum- pet before the sound of which the 'Jericho' of human oppression falls ; and should this feeble frame succumb sooner-should it succumb to the longing of my heart to see my fatherland in dependent and free, which longing beats ever-' lasting in my feeble frame, as the captive lion" beats his iron cage -even tho grass which will grow out of my grave will cry out to Heaven and to man, " England and America ! do not for- get in your proud security those who are op- pressed. Do not grant a character to tho Czar to disposa of humanity. Do not grant a charter to tho despots to drown liberty in Europe's blood. Save the myriads who else would, and will, bleed ; and, by not granting this charter, be tho liberators of tho world!" .(M. Kossuth then re sumed his seat amidst loud and continued cheer- ing. On tho motion of Mr. Norris, it was ordered that tho address presented to Kossuth be fairly written out, emblazoned, and framed in tho usual .way, and presented to him. After ft few moments'' pause Kossuth quilted the hall amidst renewed cheering, and returned to bis house, cheered by all whom he encountered on the route. In various other parts of tho country, preparations on o grand scale had boon made to do honour to Kossuth, among which a demonstration of tho " Women of England" was announced. Thc Mayors of Manchester and Birmingham had de- clined giving him official invitations, but it was understood that ho would be piu licly entertained by tho inhabitants of tho formel' (own on tho 11th. It is stated that lie had declinod a similar general invitation to Birmingham, but tho Tablet has the following paragraph, which appears inconsistent with these statements. On Monday, November IO, M. Kossuth is to arrive in Birmingham. About 2 o'clock, p.m., a procession will be formed by tho trades " in full cusíame," to conduct M. Kossuth through thc principal streets of tho town. On tho Wednesday following there is lo bo a grand banquet in tho Town-hail, at which Mr. Scliolefiahl, M.P., will presido. This would be the day. previous to his visit to Manchester. Our information docs not give the result. A public banquet had been hold at Stockholm to celebrate his re- storation to liberty, ami his arrival in America was expected to bo distin- guished by unbounded-enthusiasm, Licntcnant-Golonel Sir William Reid, K.O.B1, Governor of Malta, left London on Saturday, November l,for Malta. Tho now Minister Extraordinary of England ot tho Court of St. Petorsburgh, Sir Hamilton Seymour, was presented to tho Emperor on tho.lTth-of October, and delivered to Iiis Majesty his credentials. It was reported that tho appointment of tho Commander-in-Chief of tho Indian navy, but of about three hundred candi- dates would be conferred on Captain Sir Henry Locke, K.H., of West Leigh, near Plymouth, n ' captain in hoi* Majesty's navy of and au officer of first class services. Tho commission proroguing Parliament to January lu, did not contain the signifi- cant words, ,e then to meet for the despatch of public business." Mr; Fox Maulo, tho Secretary of War, had appointed Mr. Benjamin Hawes to bo his deputy. Tho Times thus comments on Mr, Hawes' retirement from tho office of Under Secretary for the Colonies : i ' Tho Hight Honorable Lawrence Sullivan, ofter sorving his country with credit for more than forty years, has ¡retired.with a ponsion from tho placo of Deputy Secretary nt War, and into that peaceful haven hus retired, from tho storms of tho Colonial-office,' that most cxcollent and umiahlo gentleman, Mr. Benjamin Hawes. . Wo are quite suro that tho publie in general, what-, over their opinions, and whether thoy have colonial property or not, will rejoice to hear that a man of exemplary good temper, no strong a sense of duty, und such unwearied dilligeuco, has ell'ectcd his escapo out of Purgatory, rather sooner perhaps than any member of tho Colonial oíliod liàd a right to expect. lu his present posi. Hon he will be ablo to effect iui)iortunt adminis- trative reforms, without raising tho ghosts of a Candinn dynasty, without bringing down on tho uiitortiiuato colonists tlio' vengeance of Heki or Sandilli, without throwing a tropical legislature into.a permanent, state of rovolt, or meetiug in every street tho haggard and threadbare victims of au inconsistent philanthropy. Mr. Hawes has our heartiest congratulation on. his escapo from tho combined operation of fifty plagues-for that is somewhere about tho number of our colonies eaoh of thom sufficient to rob any man for ovor of sleep. Mr. Hawes' successor in tho Colonial oflico is Mr. Frederick Fool, who thus outers office much as his father did hoforo him, with some little 'difference to - bo smoothed over between himself and ' his col- leagues. That difference in this instanco is ono more of association than fooling or opinion. No poiut oaii bo mentioned that we ure awaro of in which Mr. F. reel, inheriting ns wo suppose him to do, the political views of his father in their latest stngo of development, is not perfectly in accord with her Majesty's present advisors. Tho memory of tho |>areut will impart to this chango the appeaianco of a coalition ; and.if thoro. bo a Peel party, and Mr. F. Feel ls at its head, a coalition of some sort undoubtedly there is ; but it is a coalition which rather sets the seal on tho past than throws any light on the futuro. In following Iiis roughshod rider in the Colonial offioo, Mr. Frederick l'eol will havo little sparo strength or timo to revert to tho groat questions that divido party from party. As the only chanco permitted to the ' unfortunate colonies, [ and tho ouly bit of now blood introduced into a Government, which has dono nothing hitherto but breed in nnd in, and wo beg to tender to Mr. F. Pool our very best wishes, prnyiug in parti- cular that ¡io may be moro successful than his predecessors for tho last fifty years. Tho Earl of Shrewsbury had addrossod a pamphlet to tho Earl of Arundel nnd 'Surry, M.P., on tho occasion of his Lord- ship's joining tho Cntholic Dofenco As- sociation, in which ho tims urges his viaws, as to tho course to bo pursued by that body. ? . . . It bring, then, impossible for Catholics ci thor to accept oflleo undoi a minister who hus "treated thom with such ooiitumoly, such insult, nnd such flagrant itijuitioc," or to "join a party'.' which has so deceived and betrayed thurn, ft necessarily re- sults that thoy must either couse to be of any account in tho state, no loiigor exorcising their political privileges, or taking any interest in tho concerns of tho country, but keeping aloof, and observing a strict neutrality in an ignominious retreat, wholly surrendering themselves to the evil destiny which oppresses thom-or they must unite themselves to sonic other party, no matter what, which they find in organised and nativo hostility to the government of this samo ministor. For this, too, we may Dud nn analogous examplo in tho conduct, of tue noble lord himself, who, sooner thuu risk a measure of vital importance to tho empire, or drivo a ho3lilo government from tho mili- or fono policy, caro Hiern bin most earnest support, carrying that support, « fur us to .concur >n vote» opposed, if not to hw princi- ples, to Iiis feelings, Iiis wMios, mid Iii» opinions. 'flint this HOS iv wiso omi generous policy none aro more forward to aeknowlodga than those who personally benefited liy it ; yet I must maintain that, whilst tho noble lord's subsequent conduct lias wholly and entirely absolved us from overy debt of gratitude - already, indeed, repaid by moro than twenty years of constant and zealous support of his party and his administra- tion-it has also fully justified us in tho course which T presume the association intends to adopt -to -carry OB an uncompromising parliamentary opposition to every rauusure ou which there is a chance of leaving tho minister in a minority, as tho only means of dislodging him from the hos- tile position he has assumed. Driven to desperation, 1 see no other courso to pursue. Tho nooessity being extreme, justifies tlie most extremo measures within the limits of ? tho constitution. A chango of ministry is our only hone. Tho present govornmont cannot re- treat with honoiiiybut any other may. If, how- ever, its successor, unpolled by a pressure from without, should still refuse to right us, wo must equally forco it by a pressure from within, and dislodge itiu its turn. I trust wo have not only tho will to resolve, hut tho power to execute ; for, by a happy coincidence, parties aro so nearly balanced that ovon some fifty or sixty members bound together in tho santo tactics may so fre- quently turu tho scalo as coinplotoly to compro- miso tho government, and drivo it to surrender iit discretion, or retreat with discomfiture. (rp. 0, 7.) ? In Franco the National . Assembly met November 4. Copious extracts from tljo President's elaborate iiioBRago will bo found under tho hoad of " Continental Europe." The Tablet of November 8tS, says ,{M. Kossuth lins accepted the invitation . of tho Ocean Steam Navigation Company of Now York, to take passage in tho steamer Washington, on tho 13 th inst, from Southampton. The New York aud Havre Steam Navigation Company have also offered a free passage to M. Kossuth and suito in thc steamer Humboldt." Tho Globe has tho following interesting paragraph-A deep sense of gratitude is felt by the family now resident under the hospitable roof of Mr.Massingberd, atEaton placo, at tho arrival of Sir James Clark, on Saturday,. 'with tho offer of his valu- able professional services, should the illus- trious oxilo wish to avail himself thereof. The country will appreciate tho kindness as well as tho delicacy which suggested this visit, not without its significance." THE MONEY MARKKTS. {From the London Correspondent, Liverpool Albion, November IO.) Saturday Evening, Novomber 3. The ret urns of the Dank of England are this wook again considered favourable, from an in- crease of bullion to the extent of £57,476. Tho amount, however, is too small to lie con- sidered in auy other light than ns tho usual propot tiouod payments into tho Bank concur- rently with tho notes, tho. latter of which to the amount of £2SG,080 have bocu returned to her. Tho strength of the Dank has been aug- menting for some timo past, without nny ¡in- mediato prospect of its diminishing, so that the opinion is every day gaining ground that wo aro ou tho ova of a reduction in tho rato of interest. It is altogether conjeoturo, and, therofore, injurious, ns it adds unothcrelement to thosj already existing in tho calculation of commerce, hy tho prospect of cheaper money, which, after all, may not take place, aud thus one of tho bases giving way, tho superstruc- tura " may bo '. destroyed, and tho nicrohaii t seriously . involved ' in its ruin. That three por cont, is tho lino below which tho lian Ic parlour will not rojuco tho rate wo do not of courso mean to assort, but reasoning in- ferentially from tho past to tho futuro, wo do not think tho period hus arrived at whioh such a courso could bo adopted with any prospect of suc- cess, for wo believe it would encourage thc appro- priation of money to foreign enterprise, especially to mining operations in California and Australia, inoreaso the investment of English capital in furoign funds, moro particularly iii those of the United States, and greatly augment tho value of our imports. As any ono of tlieso would turn thc current of gold from us, tho th reo combined would creato a very rapid ebb. Those fluctua- tions, to whioh a gold country is always liable, uro moro or loss violent in proportion io the ex- tent of tho commorco of a country; hut it being generally believed in England that a gold uur .rency is tho best that can bo udoptod, wo must bo content to suffer its inconveniences. Tho anomaly I ut present existing of an enormous foreign trado and great internal industry, com- bined with cheapness and abundance of money on tho ono side, wliilo on tho other almost every commercial operation results in loss, is most un- accountable. Tho produce markets and Stock Exohango wera wont to feol tho first effects of a plethoric currency. Now, with tho oxcoption of consuls in ino one, mm conon, »11,11111 tue mai, iow days, in the other, dulncss is tho distinguishing feuturo of cadi. On the surface all is promising ; some hidden course of evil to produce such results must, therefore, rest beneath, which time alone can bring to light. One of tho causes of tho pro sent ohcapnoss of.tnoney may bo found in tho low prices now generally ruling, which naturally ab- sorb less capital j and another, in tho discredit thrown upon a class of paper usually abundant, and thus materially diminished ; and while these two imluouces continue , in operation the plethora of money will in all probability increuse, tend- ing to augment its accumulation in few hands, to tho great disadvnutago of the community at largo, for rooney, like manure, to bo boucficiul must he spread. ' In reference to Australian gold mining, the Australian and New Zealand Gazette remarks " The intelligence from Sydnoy relativo to tho gold discovery bears a rather moro sedate cha- racter, ns might have been expected ; but tho fact that Australia will become a great gold producing country is now os certain as that it is a great wool-producing country. The point to bo feared is that till the'gold-flnding has settled down into something Uko steadiness, industrial interests must materially sutler. Wo uro, how- ever, happy to soo thal such is not tho opinion of. English merchants, who are making largo ship- ments on tho strength of the recent news. Wo aro glad also to perccivo that tho Local Govern- ment has adopted tho system of licensing parties in search of gold, instead of prohibiting them from.so doing. Wo givo tho results of latest Wool' Sales in another column. Tho latest quotations of Australian Tallow were 36s. to 37s. 