HANGING KOOK DIGGINGS. (From the Maitland Mercury, February 25.) Last evening wo linn! the pleasure, for i ho first time, of conversing with a gentleman who hail just como down direct from tho Hanging Hock diggings. Ho went up from Maitland, on liorsc I hack, by way of Aberdeen and tho Isis, and carno down tho samo way, »flor spowling a day ' going over tho digging ground, ni)d ooo vowing with and purchasing gold from tho diggers, leaving again on Friday last, tho 2Qth instant. Therowero thon about 120 diggers on tho ' ground, and between thirty and forty cradles, and tho earnings mado wero from 5s. a day j upwards, but nono much larger, Hut our informant, «'ho has hoon on tho Turon, ia convineod that this small result was owing to the diggers oonfining themselves to sur : face work, nono of tho holes being above eighteen jinchos deep, while the wholo charaötor of tho joountry around appeared to him auriferous. Tho : crook on which tho diggora, woro working is a ; small narrow creak with plenty of wntor now in it, i and having tho reputation "of noyer being dry in tho driest seasons. Tho diggers wero at work 'in tho bed almost entirolv, and had tried it for a spuco of three or four milos, simply trying tho siirfneo, however. No trials that our informant i heard of had boon mado on thu. ridges, or on .other oreoks in the neighbourhood, on tho Feel .side of tho Hanging Hook, hut ha heaVd that gold i was being found on tho Hnrnott . or Manning . Uiver sido, . The diggers were principally sup» plied with food &o.;, from Mr. Nathan Ilurrows' [station, soino throo >miles off, but a station of Or. Jenkins's lay about four, miles off down the ?crook, and tho ground oil Whioh tho diggers aro ¡working was understood to bo a portion of Dr. ¡Jenkins's run. Some few-poraomt'wero tnlking of loaving tho placa, disappointed but tho great ma .ioritvantiearcd of oniuion tho niue«» would nav Swell't'or persevering' working. Ur. Jenkins úttd .'other parties woro on tho ground, purchasing i gold, and our informant: bought ten ounces ¡from various persons, mostly of a roundish heavy description ; tho largest quantity bought by our , informant from any ono party Was two and a half ounces.. None of tho. eradles had then been on tho ground, our informant behoves, ahoye four toon days. ' . Aa represented to us the distance from Maitland to tho Hanging Hock is less tht>n Ol) mites. ..The irouto would bo from Maitland to Paterson, 12 miles t thonco to O res for J, up tho Allyn, 10 miles ; thonco to Mr. D.iydeH's upper station on tho Allyn, 'about iii miles; and tuen mounting tim ridge dividing, thc Allyn from tho William, ?proceed along tho top of that ridge, a capital natural roadway, till it brings you ont right on tho Hanging .Rook,,,tho. distance from Mr. Boydull's station being rookoned 4Q to AU miles. . . WATCH LOST.-Mrs. Jano .Graves, lodging nt .tho Dolphin Ilotol, llriilgo- strcot, lost her gold watch on Tuesday, between tho Qnoeu's Wharf and King- street. Tho watch is valued at £12, and a description thereof is in thu bauds ol' the polico. . u 1 í : : Wo aro rcquostod to remind our rendors, that Mr. Mort, will sell nt tho Circular Quay..this mornii|g, immediately nftor tho produce snlo, a very Bitporior English-built lifo boat.-Cammitui oittol. . < Mr.'1 Newton 'Dins rcquostod us to romlnd groours nnd buyers qf sugar generally, that ho solis this diiy, 'a largo (qt of whito' Java,, Tiyil, Zohu, i amt Pninnnhgn sugar ;'.) also gunny i bags, nt , his I rooms nt ll o'clock.-Communieattit, . . ;.,.., HriiNKv SrHKKT* ^AH far book us we can re» tnpmher, Sydney waa poled for du nt. Nut a |iubliu thoroughfare in Hie metropolis of this country but lia« boon, from timo immemorial, distinguished for somo peculiar variety of tho' prevailing plague. In ono, tho nuisance is sandy and gritty, cutting tho fucos of those opposed to its progress ; in another, it takes tho form of an impalpable powder, all- penetrative. Kyes, nos- trils, ears, mouth, throat, ull confess the presence of tho pl aguo. Clean linen which shone in tile morning in snowy purity, in au hour or two is soiled and dirty, and fit only fur tho wash tub. Coats and hats that but a short time since appeared in all tho glory and lustro ol' newness ami silky nap, aro hocomo tarnished and seedy. Whatever changes Sydney may have .Undergone in othor rcspcots, in its dusty phase it is still thu samo. Th ero is still tho same eternal cloud pervading its streots during busi- ness hours as heretofore ; its briokfiolders still retain their characteristic siguiBcance. A resi- dent in Sydney can never forget tho strong affinity of mau, to dust; a por po tua! reminder surrounds him. Among tho many anticipations Which led tho citizens joyfully to welcome tho advent of municipal institutions was one, that tho dust would at last be laid like a troubled ghost hy tho now und powerful exorcists. Hut he has for years bean wielding bis, powors, yet the ghost continues lo bo a most troublesome reality. Wo have some remembrance of lute offortB having boon made by somo. of the members of the City Council, to have this dust-nuisanco removed. But they have proved abortive. Oar City Coun- cillors are in league with tailors and washer- woman in a vile and wicked conspiracy against our pock (its/ Tho citii'jns uro compelled to In- halo tho proportions of oxygen and nitrogen essential to tho support of life, adulterated to a very considérai extent with pulverised sandstone. Against such a dire necessity as this wo protest. It is really too bad that etGuiont means have not long ago boon taken to rid tho city of this crying pluguo. The funds of tho Corporation are, it is well known, at low water, but tho amount necessary for tho parpase would not he so large, certainly nothing to tho great public good which would bo performed. There is no absoluto necessity why business mon should tran- sact their business iii a dusty atmosphere-they could do botter without it. tt i à to bo hoped that tho City Council will sot to work in earnest to remove this nuisance, and earn somowhat similar honour to the great intellectual enlight- ened of mankind, hy preventing'dust from hoing thrown into people's oyes. ACCIDENT.-Yesterday evening, about . five o'clock, a man was driving an empty dray in Pitt-stroet. A horse, apparently unbioken, was in the shafts, which for some timo refused to pull, mid the driver was obliged to urge him by applying tho whip to him. Tho horse suddenly dashed off nt a tremendous rate, and with such yiolanco, that tho dray wheel came in contact with a lamp post, which was firmly imbedded in a nvissivo stone, and sunk deep into the ground, and toro it up from its foundation. The glass of thc lamp foll to shivers in tho street, and tho lamp'' post was thrown across tho street. The horso and dray were capsized, but somo masons who wero at work in the vicinity, rendorod their as- sistance, and tho horso was unharnessed and. - ex- tricated without being hurt. With tho exception of tho accident to tho lamp-post, no dumngo wns dono, and no, blame appeared to bo attributable to tho driver. Tho lamp und post aro tho pro- perty of Messrs. L. and S. Samuel) before whose premises tho accident occurred! . . STRHBI UOUIIKUV.-On Tuesday ovcningt Cap- tain M'Lean, of- tho American ship Mary Ann, gave two men named Daniol Killen and Daniel Levy, in oliargo to constable Conlan; for robbery. The Captain stated that soon after midnight, bo was passing along Gcorge.stroet, near tho Post Oflico, when ho wassailed hy thc twp men, ami his gold watch suatohed from him, and tho guard chain broken. Thoy made off, but two of tho captain's friends named Chalmers and Creen were at hand, and caught tho robben', from whom they recovered, tho. walch. Levy is a very young innn. Ho was brought before tho bench yester- day, and remanded until to-day. The attention of millers, shippors, bakers, and .others is roquostod to-Mr.'. Mort's salo of.1010 bnrrels of Uno Hour nt tho Produco stores, Circa lar Quay, at 10 o'clock, this morning. -Communí CoNVICTIO.V OP A G A NO OP TllIBVUS AND KK CKiviiits.-A whulosato system of robbery of tradesmen by their orrn'nd boys and porters having boon discovered' by tho Butti police, tho parties implicated wero tried at tlie .Quarter Ses- sions for that city, just concluded, before D. .Tardine, "Esq., Recorder. There wero no less than 10 of the gang indicted together. Tïioro names were William Sevicr, 40, Jano Savior, 47, his wife, who wore charged as rcccivors, and tho following for stealing the ortiolus named in tho scvoral indictments :-William Sevicr, 30, Edward Sovier, 16, James Wilkins, 10, Herbert Copplestone, 18, George Kingston, 16, Jacob Anliard, 18, Thomas Reynolds, 18, ami William Coles, 17. Tlie whole of tho prisoners charged with stoaling wero por- ters or errand boys in tho seryioo of several of tho leading tradesmen of thc city; and the elder Sovier wns a carpenter, who, to the" timo of his npnrelionsion, was considorcd a highly rospoct aljlo and moral man, and his attendance at church was regular in tho oxtroitto. So iminorbus were tho stolen articles disoovorod nt Iiis bouso by tho polioo that (ho tahlo of tile Court would not con- tain all those produced. The prisoners woro all tried first upon nn indictment, in which Jlossrs Withers, hosiors, wore tho prosecutors, mid goods to tho value of £30, belonging to thoir firm alone, wero produced. Tho enso oeoupiod tho Court for .sevor«I hours, but tho followiug brief statement ?will convoy to tho reader all tho essential par- ticulars. In August last thc prisoner Wilkins, who was related to and lodged with tho Saviors, was npprolieuded by tho polioo, who went to his lodgings lor tho ptirposo of examining his box. Tiley wore refused admittance by Mrs. Sovier, 'Upon which they procured a search-warrant, und upon searching tho house, thoy discovered that it was a litoral depot for stolen property. Tho .drawers, cupboards, mid,' in fact, ovury part of tho houso were crowded with now hats, caps, silks, soarf's, handkerchief's, gloves, hooks, and various . miscellaneous articles, a largo store hoing also found under tho hoarding of tho staircase. At tho houses of two neighbours also the polico dis- covered bundles of articles which Mrs. Sovier had lot>. thora bntwacn the first and second visit nf tho police. . Kdivard Sovier was errand boy tc Messrs. Withers, and to thom a hu go portion oí .tho proporty was found to bolong. Othor trades- men identified other articles, »hieb led to the npproboHnion of tho several prisoners named (above, nlid who wqrp In their employ, h'rom thc (evidence of n lad named Sholdon,'nn nconmplico, ¡it appeared that the robberies nt-Mossrs. Wither's wore . committed botwoen 8 rthd 9 o'çloek in the evening) whoa tho shutters, were being put up. iEdward Sovier wan accustomed to remain in tho area below, and attach tho boxes and parocls to n 'string, by which another pulled them up through an opon.grating, whilst others kopi wntoh to soc ¡'that tildy Were not observed, and tho property waa afterwards' taken- to tho cider Bevier's ! homo. Tho wholo of tho pri- soner's, excepting Coles and Kingston, w re canvictod. Tho learned Recorder remarked that they lind been found guilty of hoing connected with a system of robbery^ of great aggravation nnd wickedness, and aentciiood the lads tu terms of Imprisonment varying1' from six ta eight months, with hard labour. As to (ho chjer Seviors, ho "observed-Ul aro could bo no doubt what their fate should be-n moro disgraceful and shameful mode of bringing up a number cf Inda, and ono moro dangerous, to society at large, he had no vor known-they woro therefore sentenced to ho transported beyond tho seas for tho terms of ton years. No evidouco was offered upon thu other indictments.- Weekly JJkpatch, Nov 2. ; Tho Corriere Jta/.iano confirms tho roport that ¡tho Government of Tuscany is about to entrust .tho Austrian Ambassadors and Consuls with tito affairs hitherto transacted by Tuscan Ministers nt foreign Courts. All tho Tuscan embassies and consulates are consequently to.bo suppressed. -^Morning Chronicle, Novcmbor 8. MUNIFICENT DONATION.-Recently -G ¡How Esq., a Mexican morchnnt, visited this town on 'matters connected with his pursuits. In tho 'courso of ins stay ho presented to a reverend f;ontlomnn tho sum af £2,000 for tho purpose ol' mlldinc schools for tho. education of tho poor, I children of thu town. -Liticrpoul Mercury. 