AND TASMANIAN, HOBART TOWN: JULY 23, 1852. THE NOMINEE EXPEDITION. WniMS the Legislative Council is daily working to cooperate with the other Colonies in supplying the means of immigration, a part of that body are scouring the interior of the country to obtain suppliants for transportation. We need not tell our readers that no elected member is traitor to his promises or constituents. The fruitful list, the 142, supply the unworthy instruments of this Colony's dishonor ; the motive of the Lieutenant-Governor is not understood by the m. Blindly bent as they are to obtain the profits of slavery, they are unable to perceive that they are the mere dupes of their master, who has now one object only to 'gain, viz., to cast on the colonists the dishonor of his own policy, and to obtain a plausible excuse for having resisted, while Earl Grey was in office, the wishes and interests of the colony to exhibit the people subject to his mis government to the contempt of the whole world. For our part, we have no wish to preserve the Nominees from the discredit of their appointment, or to divert them from any ditch into which they may be likely to fall ; but, we confess, that we are anxious for the honor of the Colony, and as there is no pollutionist, however base, who has not derived some advantage from the protest against crime, so there is no advocate of freedom, however illustrious, who will not suffer by whatever may weaken that protest. r There is nothing more certain upon the earth than that transportation must cease. We do not expect such gentlemen as Messrs. Leake and Allison to reason upon any subject; but there is no man in the Colony, possessed of the most imperfect vision, that can entertain any other belief. Let those who are imperfectly informed weigh well the following facts, and they will perceive at once, that to depend on transportation for the supply of labor is a folly the most prodigious ever embraced by the cupidity of man. The sweet kernel, transportation, lays enshrined within a nest of shells of which it will require the iron jaws of the whole convict party to break one. They will first bear in mind that they are within a few hours sail of sundry tons weight of gold, a metal which has always had considerable power in the affairs of this world, and which, we guess will have more weight with the Ministry than their calf skin. Secondly ; although the names of Messrs. Leake, Allison, and especially of O'Connor, are illustrious, and have been set off with great splendour by the late man of " the world," they are not quite so important in the estimation of Englishmen as four Legislative Councils. Thirdly, they are a long way from England, and before this last piece of impudence will be introduced to Downing-street, that great depository of colonial sighs and wishes will most likely be somewhere between heaven and earth. Fourthly, and what will perhaps affect them much more painfully than all their past disappointments, they will cover the League with immortal honor. They will leave no doubt in the minds of posterity that that glorious con- federation did extinguish them-did put them out-did beat, smash, and hatter them-did break, crush, and utterly dissolve them-did prove them to be suicides deprived them of the right of decent burial, and left them to wander, forlorn and forsaken ghosts, invoking the names of Chapman, Halter, Kermode, and Dowling, West, Weston, and Westgarth, en treating for a League ticket, but entreating in vain-not until every fragment of their perch. ment shall be rotten, will they be admitted into the fellowship of patriots and freemen. 