Fll.VNCE.-I'HE EJU'Ea DES ANGLES. (/."/.(..'i the Illustrated News, May 15.) THE 10th of May, which, according to the provisions of the Constitution of 1848, was to have seen Louis Napoleon descend from the supreme office of President of the Republic into the ranks of private life, has witnessed, amidst all the pomp and circumstance of glorious war, his entrance upon a career of sovereign Slavey, which is in fact, as it will soon become in morn-, the restoration of the Empire under Napoleon III. The " Feast of the Eagle in the Champ de Mars at Paris, on Monday, was one of those gorgeous spect riches which the French, above all others, are so skilled in creating and so well know how to enjoy and as it was very magnificent in its military display, and therefore very flattering to the national vanity on the most sensitive part of the national character military glory the people entered into the spirit of the occasion with the utmost zest and earnestness ; but, as an appeal to the army for a its favour and support towards the accomplish ment of the Imperial views which Louis Na I polson is generally considered to entertain, several of the various accounts which have been published would lead to the belief that it has not been quite successful, the enthusiasm I displayed by the troops for Napoleon, " the Nephew," being, according to them, of the most desperate character, while, according to others, it was of the most decided and zealous i kind-the absence of all cries and vivats nora the ranks of the artillery-the most intelligent section of the army-being, however, remarked on by all as somewhat ominous. The fete itself, however, was brilliant in the extreme, and the weather was most propitious, a bright warm suit illuminating the picture I esque pageant throughout the day. The Champ de Mars, which has been the theatre of so many similar pageants since the , terrible days of the great Revolution, stretches i in the form of a parallelogram, upwards of two-thirds of a mile in length, from the Ecole ! Militaire to the Pont de Jena on the Seine and here were massed together the 60,000 to 70,000 troops who were the actors in the pageant. The coup d'etat at noon was grand and imposing in the highest degree. ! fr m day In oak a vast multitude, more earl- j I ous to witness the show than attracted by en I thusiasm, gathered on the grassy ramparts, I , shaded by arms, which flank in long parallels- , gram on the side of the Invalides, and on the ; opposite side towards Greville. By a popular a regard for the convenience of the people on a foot, the range of solids was restricted to the southern portion of the long square towards the Ecole Militaire. The immense area stretch- ' ing thence to the Pont de Jena, was surrounded by nearly half a million spectators. A multi- j ! tude outnumbering the p population of some of the largest capitals of Europe was crowded in the stands of the amphitheatre erected for the occasion, or stood densely massed on foot on the borders of the square, unobstructed by those temporary buildings. All round the square, from space to space, were planted flagged off, from whose lips streamed broad tricoloured persons, while half-way up they bore shields with the cipher of Louis Napoleon, adorned with a group of flags of the national colours. The stands were similarly ornamented, every column which supported the awnings being surmounted by a group of tricoloured banner-. The end of the Champ de Mars furthest from the river, and closed by the Ecole Mili- faire, a stately pile, erected in the middle of the last century, and now used us barracks, was occupied by the light and elegant theatre of structures, consisting of balconies, galleries, and pavilions erected for the President, his Court, and the great bodies of the State and their families. Before the centre of the facade of the Ecole Militaire rose, pre-eminent, the tribune of the President. This magnificent pavilion, whose floor was on a level with the first story, formed an arched portico, fifty feet in height, and the same number of feet wide and deep. It was hung inside with crimson velvet, sprinkled with gold stars, and in front curtains of the same rich material were looped back with gold cords. The architectural de c sections of this tribune were covered with symbols of the empire. Above, in the centre of the entablature of the arch, above the grand cross of the Legion of Honour, supported on either hand by winged Victories. Groups of banners spread from the sandhills. The side pieces were adorned with two storeys of Corinthian columns, supporting gilded eagles with inches between, filled with trophies, and surmounted by the cypher of " L N." A broad carpeted staircase, which widened at each of its two landing-places, and was adorned on either hand with three statue, representing Force, Justice, and Victory, descended into the champ. Upon the crimson velvet curtains were i embroidered the President's arms. The shield bore a spread eagle upon a field azure. Round the escutcheon I ran a cord of eagles, BUS- ¡ pending the grand cross of the Legion of Honour between two branches of oak and olive, with entwined stems, the whole surmounted by a casque with vizor barred and white plume. The tri-coloured flag dotted over the tribune, above white roof towered tomb dome of the edifice of Louis XV. Seen from the side of the Champ, the President's tribune presented two open arches, with similar decorations to the front. Through these open , at aches you saw the colours of the regiments i standing together, with their gilded eagles i displayed, massed in close perspective Among these standards moved about the high dignitaries and personages of distinction, with a ' good sprinkling of ladies, awaiting the arrival of the President. Contiguous to the central ¡ tribune, reserved for the President and his suite, were four others, two of which, on the left, were occupied by the family of the President, consisting of the sons of Jerome and i Lucien, the Princess Mathilde, and others, i and by the wives of the ministers, marshals, i admirals, and other high dignitaries of the State. The two corresponding boxes on the right contained the diplomatic corps and their ladies. Next to this central group, on either side, were long galleries, containing the Senate, , the Corps Legislatif, and the Council of State, i all of whom appeared in full costume. The other constituted bodies, which appeared officially by deputations, in their respective i uniforms, were ranged in the same portion of the building. There were the judges of the various courts in their square caps and robe the learned bodies, with the institute at their head, the civil engineers, the mistress of the Ecole Poly technique and St. Cyr, the cor histories of the various religious professions not Catholic, the staff of the National Guard of Paris, and the, staff of the army and navy. These long galleries, furnished each with seats for 700 persons, were flanked by spacious pavilions, each with accommodations for more than 400, which were taken possession of by the families of the great houses of the State Two other lat> ral tribunes, detached from the building, and advanced before he was, considering more than 1200 employes in the different branches of the Administration. under the galleries of the Semites and corps Legislatif were ranges of graduated benches descending into the area, and open to the sky, crowded with distinguished foreigners, the greater part of whom were foreign military officers. In the tribunes of honour were remarks The Duke of Cleveland, the M fronts of 61 inri cards, Viscount and Vicoun.tess Sydney, Lord and Lady Alfred Paget, Lord and Lady Grey, the Earl of Sheffield, Viscount and Lady Pollington, Lord Vernon, Lord and Lady Pultimure, Viscount and Lady Dillon, Lord and Lady Lilford, the Countess of Elgin Lady Burghersh, Sir Federick Alain, Sir William Fraser, Lord Bury, Lord and Lady Doulton, Lord Bateman, Col. C ido^an, Col. Torrens, Cul. Heyworth. Capt, Arthur Hardinge, Col. Lord George Paget, day. Cartwright, Lieut Col. Russell; Captains B lilie, Dudley de Rossi, Strathfield, Williams, &e.; Besides these, I and numbers more of our own countrymen, were the Austrian Count and Countess Scotti, Colint Diefenbach, Baron Roger Oldenburg, and Baron Von Geyliug, the Prussian Princes Sulm and Lichnowsky, General Wagner, Col. von Oberg and Count Schulenberg. Russia was amply represented : Prince \Vblkouski, the Prince and Princess Wittgenstein, the Prince Dolgorouki, the Prince and Princess Shakowskoy, Prince LathMus Troubetzkoy, Prince Soitikof, Prince Outousioff, Count Paris, and several other of their countrymen were in the tribune. The Polish, Hungarian, and Italian emigration were represented by Prince Adam Czartoryski and his two s ins, Count Ladislas, Zamovski, Xavier Brunicki, and B ithyeni, Geienl Pepe, General Dembinski, and General Chrzanowski Belgium, Bavaria, Denmark, Sweden, Spain, Portugal, Greece, Turkey, Naples in short, all European countries were represented. General Cooper, commandant of the troops of the State of New York; Mr Van Buren, a cavalry officer, and Colonels Rosch and Lawrence, aides- de-camp of the Governor of Massachusetts, were likewise in the tribunes. Among these some English red coats blazed conspicuous, and contrasted well with the green uniforms of Russia. The simple white serious of the Arab sheik was set off by the profusion of gold embroidery spent upon the many coloured dresses of the north. Among the long lines of tribunes extending on the 4 sides of the vast square, that of the municipal city towards the Invalides was the most con j spicuous. Here were collected the Prefect of the Seine, the Municipal Council, and the Pre , feet and Commissioners of Police. The troops were drawn upon either side of the square, in two lines, facing each other, the i infantry on the right as you entered from the Pont de Jena, and the cavalry on the left. A The line of infantry was ranged in battalions, 1 the cavalry by squadrons in close columns. The artillery closed the Champ de Mars on the side of the river, leaving in the direction of the 1 Pont de Jena an opening for the passage of the Prince and his suite. The deputations of the different corps of the army and navy were ranged in the void space between the lines and the Ecole Militaire, under the direction of staff officers of the 1st division of the army of Paris. i Between the two lines of troops on either side of the field, and at the distance of about I one-third its whole length from the President's tribune, stood the temporary chapel with its high altar. This magnificent structure was about 80 feet high from the ground to the top of the gold cross that surmounts the dome. The altar was placed upon a raised platform, 25 feet high, immediately under the dome. Four pilasters supported the four arches, terminating in a dome of light and elegant appearance, on the summit of which was a Latin cross. Four gilded eagles occupied the angles of the cornice above the arches. Against each pilaster there was a fluted Corinthian column, supporting a statue. Level with the architrave were four rich velvet canopies, composed of alternate broad t tripes of crimson and a gold A flight of carpeted stairs, facing the Ecole Militaire, led up to the altar. About ,(3P0 priests, in soutane and surplice, with the Archbishop of Paris, M. Labour, in gold cm 1 broidered cope and mitre, took up various po i sitions beneath the dome and on the steps. The President set out from the Tuileries on j horseback shortly before noon. He wore the i uniform of a lieutenant-general of infantry. | His only decoration was that of the Legion of Honour, of which he wore the star, the broad red ribbon over his breast, and the small silver cross and medal in his button hole. He was accompanied by his uncle the Prince Jerome, who wore the uniform of Marshal of France by General de St. Arnaud, Minister of War ;' General Maguan, Commander-in-Chief of the Army of Paris ; Marshals Reilly, Harispe, Ex cslmAims, and Vaillant, with their aides-de-camp and a numerous and brilliant staff of general officers, besides the Prince's own military household. Particular orders had been issued that no officer should be allowed to join the cortège without a special invitation. A strong escort of carabineers hemmed in the Prince and his superb cavalcade, who were received in their progress along the quays by cries of" Vive Napoleon ;" from the crowd who lined the way. About twenty bride face Arab sheiks, wearing scarlet scarf over their white businesses, and with long guns slung behind them, carolling upon fiery size Is of the Elysee, were not the lease attractive feature in the Prince's suite, and excited the admiration of the multitude. Louis Napoleon rode a superb black horse, with gold housings. He looked uncommonly well, and admirably managed his steed, which j chafed and passed under him. The Prince reached the Pont de Jena punc- tually at noon. His entrance into the Champ de Mars was announced by a salute of twenty one guns, and by acclamations which were drowned in the peal of the artillery. First he galloped down between the lines, acknowledg- ing, by repeatedly taking off his cocked hat, the chorus of acclamations uttered by the troops. On passing the altar the Prince and his suite uncovered. When the President reached the front of the Ecole Militaire, he wheeled to the left, and galloped back along the front of the cavalry regiments. The cries were evidently reserved for the filing off. He then crossed before the artillery and passed a second time down the front of the infantry. When he reached the foot of the staircase lead- ' ing up to his tribune, he dismounted, and ascending, saluted, by taking off his cocked hat, the ministers and high dignitaries who came forward to meet him down to the first landing place. He then took his seat in the arm-chair set for him. On his right stood the ex-King Jerome, in the uniform of Marshal of France. On either side and behind were ranged the ten Ministers, the Marshals, and Admirals, the French Ambassadors present in Paris, and the military household of the Prince. At the back of this platform, where Louis Napoleon was seated, were set the stands of colours to be distributed. The flags and standards set up- right in frames of woodwork, called by the French iss (yew-tre*?«), so as to form groups. The top of each flag-staff was surmounted by a gilt eagle, with wings displayed, about a foot in height. The model was exactly that of the Empire, but the three colours of the flag were not narrowness the tricolour was under Napoleon, forthen the bands were per pendicularto best off, (as in fact, the colours of the Lancers' flames are now,) whereas, the colours are now parallel to the staff, and come in the order of blue next the staff, white in the middle, and last red. On the white portion was inscribed the name an number of the regiment, and the battles in which it had been distinguished. On the red and blue were four crowns, encircling the cipher of Louis Napoleon. The eagle-proud symbol of conquest borrowed from the ancient li mian standard was first introduced by Napoleon to replace the Gallic cock, when he established the Empire and theologian of honour, and the part which the imperial bird has played in the early adventures as well as Into decrees of L m^s Napoleon, is too well known to need repetition here. The OT'inonv of Monday was in fact a close imi- tation of the Emperor's distribution of the eagles in his Illinois, Cn imp de Mai before the battle of W Waterloo,. Jerome Ban parte stood ; beside his, because, the Empire, on that occasion ; and singular must it have appeared to him, an interval of nearly ten years, to assist at the restoration by his nephew of the Imperial emblem which was stated red in that disastrous rout. Louis Napoleon, then a child, of six years old, was also present on that celebrated day. Immediately the Prince t reached the platform the ceremony of the distribution of colours Sedan. The colonels of the regiments stood in ranks at the foot of the platform on which the Chinese MUH stationed At a given signal, the Brest colonel on the right ascended the steps of the platform towards the Prince, followed in tragic | file by all those of the first week. The President, taking the colours from the , hand of the Minister of War, delivered to the | colonials in turn the banners of their regiments. These officers, descending in the same order, on reaching the ground form d again at the bottom of the staircase. There were 184 stand centaurs; and so rapidly was this opinion executed, that the distribution of the whole did not occupy more than a quarter of an hour. Ader the distribution of all the colours:, the colonels of the regiments, at a given signal, re ascended the staircase of the platform ah together, and Hood upon the steps while the Prince came forward and came down to the first landing-place. He took off his hat, and held a paper in his hand, from which he read the following speech : - Soldiers I-Tim history of people is in great part the history of armies. On their successes or on their reverses i depends the lot of civilization and of the country, Coiniuerod, they are followed by invasion or anarchy; victorious, by history and order. For this reason, I nations, like armies, bear in religious veneration towards I those emblems of military honour which sum up in Hiern a whole part of Stables time of triumphs. The Koonin eagle, adopted by the Emperor Na'iulnni in the hi.;riniiin;.r of this century, was the most striking slfriilflciitiiin of the regeneration and (grandeur of France. It disiip|>oiir.al | in our misfortunes. It was destined to return when , France, recovered from her defeats, mistress of' herself, should seem no longer to repudiate her own glory. ! Soldiers' Presume, then, these eagles, not in a measure against foreign nations, but as the symbols of our inder , pendence, as the souvenir of an heroic epoch, as His i badge of nobility of each regiment, I Itesuiue, then, these e i club, which have so often led Four sires to victory, and swear to die, if need there be, i to defend them. This speech was no sooner uttered than all the colonels extended their right arms towards the Prince and exclaimed Mons le ju rona ! | (We swear it!) The President walked up' again to his seat, while the i colonels, shouldering the standards, descended the steps together, and walked towards the altar. At one o'clock the cannon announced that the religious ceremony had commenced. The Metropolitan Chapter, the Honorary Canon of the Paris Church, in full canonic ii costume, the Cures and the Vicars in surplices and real states, the members of the Diocesan Seminaries en soutane, had already assembled at eleven o'clock, in the Church of St. Peter, of the Gros Carlton, and moved in procession at a quarter past eleven, with the Cross of the Chapter carried before them, and chanting the hymn " Veni Creator," to the Chapel of the Champ de Mars, and took their places according to their rank. When the guns gave the signal, the Archbishop, arrayed in full conom- i calls, commenced the Mass of the Holy Ghost. At the close of the Gospel the Archbishop , descended the steps from the high altar, attended by his Grand Vicar and clergy, while the colonels, with their standards remained grouped at the foot of the steps. He then preached the following discourse, the length and rhetoric of which, accompanied by animated gesticulations, con- trasted strongly with the brevity and sedate gravity of the President's speech : i Prince and Soldiers The God of peace, of whom we are the ministers, is also the God of armies. That is why I our place, the place of religion, is marked out by this warlike/í. There has always been a religion in com- bars. With the Jewish people. It was God who directed battles, who forms! the great captains, and who inspired the prophets with the most warlike accents. The Romans placed their gods by the side of their eagles at the head of their legions. Constantine achieved his greatest victories under the standard of the Cross. Our most valiant knights, before proceeding to fight against the infidels, had their lives and their arms blessed by the Church, I do not speak of the Magi of the old Monarchy which our kings went to receive from the hands of religion at the altar of the St. 1> Miss before their warlike expeditions; the remembrance of that will naturally occur to every mind. . j Astonishing uirctunst&nco; The Church, which preaches peace to all-the Church whose holy army only ' knows how to shed its own blood, and lins even a horror of that of the enemy - (ho Church has always had abundant benedictions for the soldier, his arms, and for his stAndards. The explanation of this mystery is not difficult, and it is the whole meaning of this great Boleumity, at once military and religious. force Is the design of Owl. It is the object towards which human societies proceed when they follow in their regular course the principles of Justice and inspirations from on high. War is only legitimate, on condition of its securing peace. Armies are in the hands of God as the powerful instruments of pacification and public order. night re James force to make itself respected ; but, In Its turn, strength requires right to remain itself In the providential order. Peace Is, therefore, always the object in view; war is sometimes the means; a terrible, but, she 1 a necessary one, from the effect of the passions which agitate the world. That is why God has approved of it that is why the prophets apply to it the words «ancii/lnate Mum that is why the Church has for It words of benediction, of encouragement, and (almost of loved why now, as in the past, the soldier and the priest hold out their hands to each other. The soldier and the priest, both placed under the austere laws of discipline, having at heart the same principles of conduct-a love of duty, above all things, and the spirit of devotedness, even to the sacrifice of life, work together, though differently, to procure, by calming down the passions, the triumph of j du ties In human society. What glorious services to the cause of public peace have been rendered by the glorious army which comes to-day, to bond Its head before the Majesty on high I 'Wileura comes it that those murmurs which were heard in the bowels of France and Europa are suddenly hushed. Why are the menaces of civil war and of anarchy, which threw society into consternation, disarmed t Who has arrested this work of dissolution, which was making such rapid progress r It is a firm and resolute will, supported on one hand by the national voice, which forms his right, and on the other by an Invincible army, which forms his strength. I J and now fail to you, glorious standards, Symbols of, so many victories ! Our pontifical heart which has never ceased to beat with the strongest feelings of] patriotism, is moved at again seeing you. Their glory effaced from our eyes the former misfortunes of the country.' O Prince whom the will of a great people has placed at the head of IU destinies, we can understand what thaw heroic ahrns must say to your heart. We rely on your wisdom ; it will protect you from the dealing effects of glory.' France thirsty for tranquillity and price. fatigued with disorder, The wishes to repose under the shelter of a strong and tutelary Government. Continue to lead her in the paris path on which she has entered and may she be able to develop all the elements of strength and of prosperity concealed within herfrultfal bosom. The moral interests of a country are superior to her material ones. They are the soul and the heart of a great people, without which they must decline and fall. He you always their defender. The religion which you love j asks neither privileges nor favour from you It only asks I of you to always preserve to It what the Emperor your uncle restored to it in the palmy day souls glory- liberty to live and to do [good. Tau will gain by It the gratitude of the people, the only glory perhaps, that a great mind ! can now be ambitious of. Prince, took less at the past than at the future. Peace may be spoken of when possessed of sueh/rallant armies, Four Nights will have a vast field of eight from the height! of the Atlas to those of the Alps and Pyrenees, Provi- dence destines you for a great and holy work. Remember that, In order to build the inmate, dod preferred Solomon to David. Continue to rebuild in peace that society which has been so deeply shaken, building it up with one hand, while the other holds the glorious sword or France . You have comprehended that In all epoch adieu Inst- . Yalluna tend to become more impregnated with the spirit of the (hospital, the social eJUco cannot be so well cemented as by love and clemency. 0 food, Sovereign Master of war and peace, Thou who causes plots to lie dissipate!, calmest tempests, and breakest, when Thou wildest, the sword drawn for the combat - (and council's ¡VUa-..atine and bless these standards; imprint on them tim striking signs of Thy (ewer and holiness. In seeing them not courage be animated and descend to its celestial principle ; <<<j catto /?jrtitwto ett. Render them only terrible to the enemies of the public peace, and to the nations, If any there be. jealous of our glory and prosperity, and who may attempt to disturb them. Let them he for our valiant MiMlcrs a protection and assure I pledge of victory (notoria cerise fi'Uirlt). Let them contain in their glorious L Ms ports and war, for Um security of the good and the terrors the wicked: and, under their being, let France respire and be for the happiness of the world the greatest and happiest of nations. While M. S.bour spoke, the field presented a magnificent coup d'etat. There were two regiments of cuirassiers and carabineers, with their red crested helmets and breastplates flashing back the sunlight. Then the regiments of mounted chasseurs, with their neat led sh dress and black cocks' feathers ; next came the garde Republicans, with their red breast-facing and yellow cross-trees. The bands stood close to the altar, all together. At the close of this address the Mass was resumed. At the moment of the devitt won another salute was fired ; the drums beat to arms; the trumpets sounded the advance j (2000 men presented arms, the whole of the infantry kneeling, and the officers not in command bent on one kind! to the earth, with head uncovered. The multitude on the mounds took off their hats. When Mass was over the Archbishop, surrounded by the officiating clergy, proceeded to where the smiles were i arrived round the altar. He raised his voice i to chant he prayer " Adjmoiiuin nostrum in nomine Deeming," and the clergy responded Amen!" After the " Oremus Onuiiputeus sempere iJctis," the picture sprinkled the flames with holy water and blessed them, and then took his seat in a throne and assumed the mitre. The standard- bearers advanced depu rately, knelt on the ground, each with the rifle in his hand, and the Archbishop spoke the following prayer : Articles vaseline Beach-st benedictions »vnclilkntii, pint 911- immensely popular Christians terrorists; at del voids Dninliius grating, n!, ml resides numen et honor. met liiiiioreui,cutn Uki hospital returns patented penetrates 1 includes ct secure. I Kccelve these standards sanctified by the blessing of I Heaven: may they be the terror of the enemies of the i Christian world; and may God, for the honour of his name and glory, give you that given that securely and in sheathed you may pierce the battalions of your enemies. When the prayer was ended, the Prelate gave for the whole Friday the kiss of peace, with the words Pax ubi and the foremost I standard-bearer, of air from the ground, pres had to his lips tim Pontifical ring, and then regained his place. One hundred sal tiles from a the corner of the bridge of Jena accompanied I the blessing of the eagles. The Prelate then stood > rect, i arrived in tunic and cape, and j holding the crosier, runs d in his hand aloft, I and gave an universal blessing to the army and the people, ¡vndanuthir salute announced that the religious ceremony was over. I Toe colonels, to where the standards were I deliver., d by the Archbishop , descended and a delayed round the chapel. They then pro I acceded to their river clive regiments, delivered I the entire 8 to the eiioLiis, and had them recog I n sed by the corps in the usual manner. At this moment cries of Vive l'Empereur ! i and Vive M'polvon.' were uttered the former i with much enthusiasm by the cavalry. I At two o'clock, the President dish ended from his pavillion, mounted his horse, and took up in his position in front. The defiled commenced, i and cries of Vive l'Empereur ! Vice Xup ikon ! , were again heard. Tile drill, which was over at three o'clock, took place in the following order General i Maguan, Couiintuider-iii-Chief of the Army of a Paris, led the way at the head of a brilliant staff. NFU followed deputations from the 1 Artillery, Engineering, and Polytechnic | Schools, the School of Instruction for Stuff ' Odkers, and the special Military School, under the orders of the respective Governors of those establishments. General direct, commanding the infantry on the ground, passed next with his staff. The tour in order was the deputation of Invalids and the veterans, commanded by General Stamboul. The fifth in hiicci-Saioii very deputations from the butts' ? loss of Chasseurs a Pied, of too African Light Infantry, of the companies of discipline, in the battalions of armed riflemen, of the butt unions of rifle men of the garrison of Paris, of the artisans of the War Department, all come intended by General F. rey. Next advanced i deputations from the various regiments of the a line, of the marine corps, of the Zouaves, of the regiments forming the fJueLcn legion, the brig I nd'S¡of infantry of the first division the army of Paris, comm mind by General Martin de I Bourgon, TnebC were followed by two but , nations of each regiment, composing the brigades of the 2nd division of the army of Paris, commanded by General, Renault. The Sth in order were the deputations from the regiments composing the 3rd division of the army of Paris, commanded by General Levasseur. The 6th consisted of deputations from the Engineers, with the military band of the lit regiment, commanded by General Sallenavo. The 10th was composed of land and sea gendarmerie Sapeurs- Pumpi.-rs, Gcndtu merle Mo | bile, Garde Kópubíicnine, commanded by General Gouraud. The hills in order consisted i of deputations from the land and marine in the lery, 10 batteries of the army of Paris with the staff and band of the 7th regiment, the third squadron of artillery, and a detachment of the third and fourth squadrons of the waggon train, c.imin.in'icd by General Hubert. 12th. General LfiUiis, CÓoimaiuier-in-Chitf of the cavalry, with his staff. 13th. A deputation from the School of cavalry, deputations from the regiments of cavalry, and the guides, come in ended by the veral Guyon. Ulli. A division of light cavalry, to uprising two brigades (the first under the one, s of Grant ral O ma on the second brigade, of O MI ral Launches), came sounded by General Prime de Bouijolly. 15th. A division of heavy c rivalry, convening of two brigades, under the orders of Generals Parton mutiny trial Hillier, commanded by General Grand 6th. A division of Cuirassiers. composed of two brigades-, miller the murders of Generals Alston ville and Turton, together with squadrons of the Gene interior of the Seine and the Garde Republic time, all commanded by General Korea'. During the EVATT the generals of division idea slipped in front of the President. The genera s of brigade and the colonels followed the movement of the troops. The band of the 1st regiment alone of each division of infantry or cavalry remained in front of the President, and continued to play, during the death of the entire division. General Magnuii, us Coinmaiuler-iii- Chief of the Army of Paris, common led the operations. The military deputed oils, when leaving the Oh imp de Mars alter the deeds returned to the Ecole Militaire, through the cavalry gave. ' They deposited their respective colours in a hull prepared for that purpose, whence they are immediately to be dispatched to their regiments. A salute of 21 guns was fired as Louis Nupol on quit the of the Ch imp de Mars. The troops utilise I their respective quarters at about half-past four. The clergy, who were, held Hug the left lesiiistical seminaries, upwards of hOO in number, remained of the ground to the last. A guard of honour of the Gendarmerie Mobile was assigned to them, and they were conducted in precision to the Church of Gros CÚ:1OJ, the Archbishop delivering his blessing to the multitude through whom he passed, and who n ct ivi d it with un- covered heads and with indications of deep respect. Those of the army and gendarmerie who received medals or classes of the Legion of Honour amount to about 2000. As the regiments returned to their quarters j the standard-bearers. held their new colours aloft, but not unfurled. , Some accidents- took place during the any. At the first discharge of cannon the horse of A J hussar took fright and threw the rider, who had his leg broken ; and a man was a trampled under foot by the crowd, just as the President was crossing K OT>r the bridge of Jena, in his approach to the field. One of the clergy received H ki< k on the head from a horse, and was carried off the ground to the E o'« Militaire; and during the bentdh.tion.of the banners the colonel of a cavalry regiment managed, by the exercise of Borne wonderful ingenuity, to hold his,- standard in such a position that it completely over balanced him and threw him to the ground. The discomfited standard-bearer suffered no physical injury, and i coped with little ridicule. One man in the crowd died from a sun stroke and this was the only fatal accident which occurred, though some thousands must have suffered material damage from the a sum of AiiJ-Urlitz," which about 60 powerfully throughout the day;,. Altogether the number of accidents did not amount to more than fifteen or twenty, and some of them, and especially the episode of the awkward colonel, only seemed to contribute to the general amusement. The arnon t of coin taken for shipment to Australia during the past fortnight has been very large, consequent upon the intelligence that the price of gold dust had fallen to 57s. per ounce at Melbourne, and to Gus, per ounce at Sydney, This ciaum-i'iini e, coupled with the payment of the dividends, has led to a unit siderable decrease in the bank bullion, which shows itself this week to the return of £35 1,202, and which will also probably affect the next return.- Times, April 7. I am 