SIXTY REASONS IN FAVOR OF THE OLD RELIGION. (" I Epeak as to wise men : judge ye youreelvcB what 1 say"—1 Cor., I. 15.) I. Because the Catholic religion, commonly nicknamed " Popery" by its adversaries, hnd been professed und believed in by tlie Christian world 1530 vcars and upwards before Protestantism had an existence. 'I. Because it is admiltcd on all hands, even by its bitterest enemies, that the Catholic religion was founded by JESUS <'imisr and liis apostles, though alleged falsely that it became corrupt. 3\. Because, even supposing that no direct promise had been given by its Divine Founder that he would preserve his Church from error, it would be an impeachment uf the wisdom of GOD to say Unit a fabric which UK HIMSELF had raised upon the foundations of the Prophets and Apostles, mid of which JESUS CHRIST HIMSELF was rhe chief corner-stone, was of so frail a nature as to fall into dilapidation, so us to stand in need of human repairs. 4\. Because Christ declared that he would build His Church upon a rock, and promised that the gales of hell (heresy «ndscliism) should not iirevaU against lier. St. Malt, xvi. IS. 5\. a. because, Because, in commissioning his Apostles " to teach all nations," helurther proinised to be «ith thein ALL DAYS even j to the consummation „f the world (St. elaring Watt., xxvm. that HE 19,20); never thus would solemnly desert His dei: c. Because, n '-° .. . : ;. r per to m,, remove Ucl t0 f every .? ;..__ i l l l m t 0 possibility nf HIS perpetual care over HIS Church, our Saviour besought ins ETERNAL FATHUR to send the Holy Ghost to abide with his apostles and their successors for ever and he declared that the HOLV GHOST, whom the Father would send in his name, would te ch them alt things, and bring all things to their mind, whatsoever he had said to I kern. St. John, xiv. 16,2G. 7\. Becausc St. Paul calls the Church, of which CHRIST is the head (Col., i. 18—1 Eplies., v. 23), and for which he delivered himself up that he might sanctify it, and make it a glorious Church, without sput or tcrinlle, holy and without blemish (Eplies., v. 25, 28, 27), ilie " pillar and ground of troth" (I Tim.,iii. 15), which it never could be if subject to error. ^ 8. Because, to secure unity in HIS Church, and that the world might believe in his divine mission, Jtscs Cmiisv prayed to HIS HEAVENLV 1'VritER for uis apostles, and for all who through their word should biliece in 111s name, tliat they might be ONE even as HE and ills FATHER were one (St. John, xvii. 20, 21) j a prayer which could not have been heard if the Church has fallen into error. 9\. Because, to preserve this nnitv in ms Church, and to prevent 111s followers li orn being tossed to and fro and carried iibout by every wind of doctrine, CHRIST placed "over it apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and doctors. (Euhes.^iv. 11, 14.) 10\. Becau sc the promises made by Christ to ins Church arc not conditional, but absolute, not depending on the good or bad actions of men, but resting .solely on the will of uod. 11\. Because, however immoral the lives of some of its professed members, and a lew ofthc clergy of the Catholic Church (for no man is impeccable) may have been; however relaxed Church dscipline may have become, and however great may have been the abuses w hich may have crept in (points which have been grossly exaggerated), the faith of the Church ever remained the same, unchanged because unchangeable. 12\. Because the persons, commonly called Reformers, had no commission or authority from God 10 intermeddle 111 the affairs of ms Church. 13\. Because the founders ofthc Protestant religion were men who led licentious lives; some of the leaders amongst them linving violated the oaths which they had solemnly taken to Jead a life t/feeltbacv and chastity. ' I 14\. Because the starting principle of the Reformation so-called—the assumed light of private judgement in matters of faun—is subversive of ilie authority which CUBIST established in ms Church, and is, moreover, in direct opposition to HIS command to "UEAK THE CHURCH." 15\. Because, by rejecting the authority and testimony of tlie Church, andappealini to the SnrintllivRMC Scriptures as the ft,A only —1.. rule V- of c faith, r • Protestants assume the inspiration of (he Scriptures, which inspiration can only be proved by (lie authority and testimony wlucli they reject. * The Printer has taken the liberty of insetting the uame of tlie Rev. Gentleman, at whose requost this Advertisement appears,—knowing that all classes, both hero and in the neighbouring Colonies, cherish «md respfct, the name of " Father Therry"— who has done more for Jiis lollow.creatures in this and tha Colony of New South Wains. « ^ a y^ ^wman that ever arrived la the a Southern l c r Hemisphere. 1G. Because the making the Bible the only rule of faith necessarily implies that no man can have 'any faith or adopt any systcm of religious belief till he has read the Bible, which principle, if pushed to its legitimate conclusion, evidently makes every Protestant a sceptic until he has drawn up his religious code from his own perusal of the sacred volume. 17- Because the generality of Protestants do not adopt this rule, as is evident from the fact that most of them live and die in that religion in which they were brought up and educated. IS. Because many Protestants believe several doctrines which are not to be found expressly in Scripture; such as infant baptism, the abrogation of the Jewish Sabbath, and the observance of the Sunday, and reject some practices which seem to be commanded in Scripture, as the washing of feet, &c;„ and follow others which appear to be expressly prohibited, such as eating of blood and things strangled. 10\. Because, amongst Protestants, there is no judge of controversies, every Protestant deeming himself a judge in his own cause. 20\. Because the appeal made by Protestants to the Bible is neither more nor less than an appeal to each one's private judgment, against the judgment of all mankind. 21\. Because the Protestant doctrines have been condemned by the Catholic Church in her last General Council. 22\. .Because Protestantism is a changeable system, and, therefore cannot be true, as truth is unchangeable. 23\. because Protestantism is divided into a multitude of conllicting sects, thus clearly demonstrating tlmt private judgment. as a principle of unity, "s a mere delusion. 24\. Because it is declared by St. Peter that nti prophecy of Scripture is of private interpretation (2 St. Peter, i. »l); and because the same inspired writer informs us that there are many things in Scripture hard (0 be understood, which the unlearned and unstabl; wrest to their own detraction: _ (1 St. I'eter, iii. 16j 2.1." Because the pastors of God's Church duly ordained and succeeding to the apostles, are they only authorized interpreters of His word. 2f>. Because the doclrines of Christianity are not matters of opinion, but facta, to which /or/jrthe Universal Church and the Scriptures bear testimony. 27\. Because the Bible is not the sole and only rule of faith. For, 1st. It nowhere says that it is. 2nd. It could nut have been the primitive rule of Christianity, as the New Testament was not written till long after the Christain religion was established. 3rd. Many nations have been converted to the faith of Christ without having even seen the Bible. 4th.lt could lint be acted upon as a rule even by a small portion of the Christian world before the invention of printing, now only 400 years old, since the Scriptures while in manuscript alone were not easily accessible. Sill. It cannot be a rule to those who a cunableloread. (ith 15 ven amongst those who can read and sit in judgment upon the meaning of its contents, the greatest differences exist on points of doctrine. 28\. Because the whole rerealed word of God was not written, but part.) hereof has been handed down traditionally bv the Church, to which traditions St. Paul evidently auudes. (I Cor., xi. 2j 2 Thess, ii. | 4; iii. e 2Tim. ; i. 13. ii.2 iii. 14.) 29\. Because all the doctrines of Jhristiani t y w c r e l a u g h t a n d b e l i e v e d b y c h r i s. ians before a single word of the New Testament was written. 30\. Because all the doctrines held by the Catholic Church and objected to by Protestants have been always taught and believed by the Church from the time of its establishment by Jesus Christ and his apostles. 31\. Because all the doctrines peculiar to. Protestantism are either old heresies which had been previously condemned by tlie Church, or novelties unknown to the Christian world for upwards of filteen hundred years. 32\. Because none of the Protestant Churches have the marks mentioned in the Scriptures as appertaining solely to the Church of Christ, viz., unity, holiness, catholicity, and aposiolicity. ' 33\. Because, whereas L two ProtcJ tant sects are alike in doctrine, the Ca tholic Church, throughout the world, prj. fesses and believes 011c and the same faith. In England the Church established bv law teaches one thing; in Scotland the Church there established by law teaches an other and nn opposite doctrine; the Metho dist differs from the Protestant Episcopalian as well as from the Presbvterian; the Baptist and l''riend from each other and from all the rest. But these dis agreements are not confined to opposing sects. The Church of England has never been one within herself, and the breach amongst her clergy and her members is getting wider IIN.-J wider every day. 34\. Hecause, while holiness h;»s ever been the peculiar characteristic of the Catholic Church, as is demonstrated by the lives of her martyrs, her recluses, and her saints, and the many means of grace which she lu l ls out to her children, Protestantism lias r.o claim to this mark of Ihe true Church, either on the score of the lives ofits founders, who were immoral and proud men, or the inducements which it holds out to its followers 10 lead pious lives. 35 Becausc, whilts the Catholic Church is C,.tholic as to time, having existed since Christ; Catholic as to space, bein" spread over the whole world; and Catho"- Iic as to doctrine, believing.as she now believes, and has always believed ALI. the doctrines taught by CUBIST and ms apostles; the various sects of Protestantism have not the slightest claim to this mark ofthc true Chinch. For, 1st. The oldest of theui have existed little more than three hundred years: they are consequently not Catholic as to time. 2nd. iliey exist individualized and apart, a portion or sect being generally confined to one kingdom, or at most, tliinlv scattered over a few states: they are therefore not Catholic as to ipace. 3rd. They do not believe ull the doctrines of Christianity, for they have one and all repudiated many of the doctrines taught and believed by the Catholic Church, j t is true that the established Church of England approximates nearer to the Catholic Church (of which she vainly supposes herself a branch) .1 than most of the other seels, but he too rejects many of the dogmas of Catholic Christianity; il,e Protestant ects are consequently not Catholic in octrtne. 36\. Because, whilst the mnst learned I rotestants have admitted the Apostolicily of the Catholic Church, it is perfectly evident that the mark in question is wanting in the Protestant Churches, who have a succession neither of orders nor doctrine. The Church of England does indeed lay claim to the apostolical succession but lue Catholic,Church repudiates her claim and'the Church of'England having separated herself from the fold of unity. And created a new communion, is precis'ely in the same situation as the other sects as to this point. 37\. Berause, to use the words of Chillingworlhjin hiS " Motives or lleasons for Renouncing the Protestant Religion and Embracing the Oalliolic Faith," (for which see Wood's Athence Oxonhnses, Bliss's edition, Vol. Ill, Coll. SG) "perpetual visible succession, which could never Ic wonting to the religion of Christ, nor any part of it, is wanting to Ulc Protestant religion, so far as concerns the points in contestation." 33 Because, whilst the Church is declured infallible in her doctrine, the Protestant Churches not only lay no claim to infallibility, but repudiate it, and admit that they may err. 39\. Because, by admitting fallibility as a principle, 110 man can liave Bny assurance that what lluscchurches tcacliinav oe true. 40\. Because, although the Protestant Churches speculatively repudiate infallibility in themselves, tliev practically p r0 . ceed or act as if they were infallible, by condemning those of their members who find ii necessary to dissent from their doctrines. 41\. Because, whilst acting thus inconsistently, it is a maxim amongst some of them, that every individual, however ignorant, is obliged to believe llvat lie understands the Scriptures better than all the rest of the Church, as was demonstrated by Bossuet in his celebrated discussion with Claude. 42 Because the pica maintained by some Protestants, that a man must freely exercise his judgment to understand the Scriptures, before he can be convinced from their testimony, that there is an infallible Church, however well founded in the case of the Protestants, is wholly inapplicable to that of tlie Catholic, who believes the doctrine of the Church's infallibility. 43 Because the Scriptures, as a historical narrative of the life and actions of Jesus Christ, prove 111 m to have founded a Church as ihe infallible guide of man in matters of faith and morality. 44\. Because, whilst the historical truth of the Scriptures may be demonstrated by human testimony, their inspiration as the word of God cannot possibly be established on any other testimony than that of the Church, whose infallibility they prove by the promises of Jesus Christ, of which promises they arc the historical tecord. 5\. Because in this mode of reasoning there is 110 vicious circle, as maintained by Protestants, as the historical truth ofthc Scriptures being by them admitted, they must allow that Christestablished on earth a teaching authority or Church, without whose testimony it is impossible to prove the inspiration of the scriptures; which inspiration stands as a separate and distinct proposition from historical truth, as is evident from the fact, that a narrative may be true, without being an inspired compositiun. 4 j. Becausein the Catholic Church alone have the prophecies of Scripture, respecting the conversion of .kings and nations o the religion of JESUS CHIIIST, been fulfilled. 47\. Because the ancient Britons were irst converted to Christianity in the second entury by missionaries from Rome, sent y Pope lileutherius, whose faith was the £ine us that oftUe .present Pepe, Gregory 48\. Because the Pagan Anglo-Saxons were first converted to Christianity by St. Angusline the Monk, sent from Rome, by another Pope, viz., St. Gregory the Great, towards the end of the sixth century, and through whom the Clergy of the Established Church of England pretend to derive their orders. 49\. Because the same doctrines were professed, taught, and believed by these Missionaries, and the Popes who sent them as are professed taught and believed by all the Catholics throughout the world at the present, day. 50\. Because the Protestant Missionaries have not been able to convert a single nation to even a mere profession of Chris"- tianily. 5'- Because the experienceofthreehun- ?unity, 1 >one ™ > e of the four great marks of the Church of CHIIIST cannever be looked for amongst Protestants. 52\. Becanse.whilst the Catholic reli°ion IS a regular and well defined system of doctrine and morals, Protestantism is, to borrow an expression of Edmund Burke in one of his letters to Dr. Lawrence, " 110 description of a religion at all, or of any principle, religious, moral or political, but is a mere negation." 53\. Because the early Protestants sepa rated themselves from the CatholicChurch, thus manifesting themselves to be those Antichrists, tli.jse sensual men not hai-in" the spirit, alluded to by the Apostles, (1 St. John, ii. 18; St. Jude.Jv. 19.) 54\. Because the Catholic Church never separated herself from any other commu 111011, which separation were indeed an impossibility, seeing that she alone existed I Cioi-e every sect claiming kindred with Christianity. 55\. Becausc all the doctrines of the Callnhc Church have been professed and believed by the various sects collectively which have at different times separated from her communion. 5(i. Because Luther ihe founder of the Reformation so-called, has informed us in Ins book De Missa Private that his chief arguments against the Mass were sufnrested to him by the devil. 57\. Because in all the points controverted between Catholics and Protestants, the former have Scripture, antiquity, and all the ancient Fathers on their side. 58\. Because the best and most learned amongst the Protestant theologians admit the Church in communion with the See of Rome, or the Catholic Church, to be true tor instance, the "judicious" Hooker, in hislicclesiastical Polity, acknowledges the Church of Rome " to be of the family of Jesus Christ." Bishop White, another Iirotestant divine, in his Defcnce of his Way, says that " he never doubted the C hurch of Rome to be the visible Church of God, wherein our ancestors did profess the true faith and were saved." And Dr Barrow admits that the most learned Protestants have owned the Church of Rome to be the Church of Christ. 59\. Because,in all my researches amongst Protestant controvertists, I have never found any of them represent the tenets of the Catholic Church fairly; but, by evasions and calumnies, seek to withdraw attention from the real questions at issue. GO. Because, in whatever point of view thedifferences betweenthe Catholic Church and her adversaries are looked at by unprejudiced minds; when the immutability and perpetual visibility of the fcrmer are contrasted with the modern origen and changcableness ofthc new religion, first , introduced into the world by Martin Luther we reflect that these men noted not only^ without commission or authority, but in' direct opposition to the only authority left by Christforthe Governmentof his Church upon earth: the inevitable conclusion is that the Catholic iriigion alone is the_religion of Christ. Protestant Reader! such are the reasons ill favour of the ancient faith, offered to thy candid consideration by one once a Protestant, but now happily a Catholic?. JJAVEST THOU SOON FOLLOW HIS EXAMPLE! 