WAIFS AND STRAYS. [From PUNCH.] MINISTERIAL DITEIOTTLTY-Some doubt appears to be entertained at present, as to whether the Earl of Derby and his colleagues are Protectionists in, or Protectionists out and out. PROTECTIONISTS.-Tumulus : I say, Jim, be you a Purtectionist?"-Jim: "iE'as, I be." Tamms : '* Wall, I say, Jim, what be Protection ?' '-Jim : to or Tummus, don't 'see knew ?"-Tummus s " Naw I don't." Jim : J Wall, I don't know as I can tell 'ee, Tummus ; ver I don't ezaJcerly crew Mysel !" THE MINISTERIAL TEAM The Derby Daily " may, to a certain extent, be well horsed ; but one of the Derby cattle is a Naas. NICKNAME FOR THE PRESENT MINES- FRY-The present Ministry is so full of Lords and Noble Protectionists, that it has been christened the " High Bread Ministry." THE NEW FORREST-The Tories of the present day, inasmuch as they represent the territorial interest, may be called the Territories. ENGLAND'S NAVAL RESERVE." A paragraph, with the above heading, has been sailing through the papers. The only naval reserve " on the part of England that we are aware of, is it not speak- ing out loudly against the gross mis- management of our navy by the Lords of the Admiralty. LEGAL CAUTION-The are instructed to state for the benefit of such of our country clients as may now be visiting this metropolis, that the " Cheap Convey- ance Association" they may have seen announced on-some of the Holborn omnibuses has no connection whatever with the Society for Law Reform they may have elsewhere seen advertised. In case of an invasion, the walls of old England would be formed by every man turning out a brick, and by the Ordnance supplying the mortar. . It is not to be wondered at that the Pope feels his position to be anything but firm for instead of his having been fixed in his place by real Roman cement, he has been merely dabbed down with a little plaster of Paris! Bunch has a capital ballad on the capture of the sea-serpent. We will make room for the opening and closing stanzas, supposed to be sung by the serpent's head or Behold 1 good people, here I am; Time out of mind you've heard of me ; But always counted me a Sham A mere chimera of the sea. By Phantom Captains oft I've passed, Careering o'er the brine past; However, I've been caught at last, As sure as e'er as any flea. Who this exploit was to achieve, Possibly may have been foreknown The hero could be, you'll believe, A bold American alone. That mighty nation, which is said In everything to go ahead, May boast of having felled me dead, Aye, dead as any stone. They've saved my head my bones and skin, Which Mr Barnum, of course, will show, Who never takes the public in As all the universe must know. But though my skin with spears be drilled, And after that with wadding filled, I calculate I'm " scotched not killed," As, peradventure, time will show. A philologist, on putting his hand to his neck, discovered that he had got hold of three illustrations for in cambric muslin cravat, the first word was from Cam- bray, the second from Mosul, and the third from the Croats, who were the first people that appeared in Europe with scarves round their necks. Charms, divinations, and the belief in supernatural visitations, have not yet lost their influence over the country people. The Carnarvon papers record very seriously the particulars of a ghost hunt that has lately taken place in Wales, on which occasion a post-boy was called in to read an incantation out of same black-letter book. In Worcester a young woman was subject to fits, and an old man, her uncle, went to the curate to ask him for a sacra- mental shilling, which, he said, made into a ring, and worn by his niece, would cure her. At Wolverhampton some needles were stolen from a factory,- and the old superstition of placing a door-key on a particular passage in the Bible (Bush 26) was resorted to for the detection of the thief. Two young men were to hold the Bible, and if the key slipped off on the, fingers of one, he was to be pronounced guilty. It did slip off, of course, and a young man of unexceptionable character is consequently accused and banned in his neighbourhood. These facts are taken from the newspapers of the week, which contain many instances of fortune-telling, especially in the neighbourhood of Manchester. It will be necessary for the new Ministry to have some cries at the general election. Two mottoes are to be inscribed on the Protectionist banner, viz : Rally round the Crown-5s. ! Remember your Duty -Ded Punch 