THE ENGLISH PRESS AND THE GOLD QUESTION. THE " Gold discoveries" in these Colonies are at length becoming the topic of all absorbing interest in the English journals and magazines. Hitherto Australia has not occupied a very prominent place in the current periodical literature ; but the morning of obscurity has vanished, and the splendid noon- day of fame is already shining over us. The volumes, pamphlets, leading articles, revieiv-essnys, and magazine disquisitions, and other such popular media of intelligence, devoted to Australia and its gold, are promis- ing to be as abundant as the nuggets of Bendigo Creek ; the California either a southern Pacific is outrivalling its older neighbour of the Northern Pacific by gigantic degrees; and the leaves which full from the Press of the civilized world, filled with accounts of the wondrous doings in the new golden land that Time has li- stowed! on mankind, are already almost as thick us instrument lawes that strew the brooks In Vallombrosa. It will be at once a pleasant and a profitable duty to watch the progress of the gold question through the English current literature, and to lay before our readers ft ore time to time summaries of the more important articles trial I appear upon the subject. By this means, occasional mists preparations may be corrected, the truth confirmed, the Colonists vindicated, and sounder and more enlarged views of the gold question in all its hearings dissemi . nated. The English journalists will find that they have appreciating readers in Australia; and the Australians will learn what the English writers are saying about them. x Thanks to the spirited enterprise of the Peninsula and Oriental Company, the English magazines for May are now on our table; and we find in two of their articles of peculiar interest to us at this moment, lihivhxmmiis first article is on " Gold : its natural and civil history, and the Dublin, University has a piper in " Australia and its Gold Diggings." The first of these in one of those remarkably clever papers for which Blackwood is famous-lucid, intelligent, and exhausting the subject, while studiously avoiding all parade of technical knowledge. The whole question indicated in the title is discussed at sufficient length, and with that temperate tone which Blackwood can always adopt, except when he mounts his antiquated political hobby. We shall present our readers with a careful analysis of it in a succeeding paper ; but we take up the article in the Dublin University to-day, because it is more popular in character, and therefore can be more summarily dealt with. The writer of the article commences with stating the usual geological indications of a gold field, so familiar to every one of our leaders (we should imagine as to render a repetition of it unnecessary. The great puzzle for all scientific investigators of the gold question is, how the gold got into the solid rock at first. "All. that is the mystery of the wonderful history." Neither Murchison, Lyell, Brewster or the Rev. W. H. Clarke, can tell us where the gold came from at first. " Volcanic action," " internal fires, and such ex prewar ns, are only improvised fig leaves to conceal the nakedness of the profoundest science when dealing with final causes. But, given the gold in the solid rock, it is extremely easy to solve the problem of its appearance in the beds of creeks, and at the bottom of heaps of sand and gravel; for there is not a digger at the Mount but, after one day's digging, will have science enough to see-as the article before us"' tells us, that wherever Gold originally existed in the solid rock, it must, when the rock was broken up and worn away, have been washed out of it, and the fragments carried and deposited wherever the water had power to sweep them to. We find Gold, therefore, not only in the veins of the rocks, but in gravel, sand, or clay, or in other to do-, the waters use materials derived from the rocks.'' To which no Gold-digging Vie orians need only reply, " It needs no ghost to tell us that " The writer then lays down these positions 1\. That the specific gravity of Gold is about seven times that of stone, and therefore particles of (-gold, when washed, along by a current of water, will sink to the bottom and remain at rest much sooner than the gravel and stones with which they are mixed up 2. That therefore, also, sandy deposits along watercourses will often he found richer than the original rock vein itself, because the current has already performed the work of the.GoId-diirgcr in washing out the Gold , gi runs. 3. That large nuggets will be most frequently found lying nearest to the original site of the Gold, and the particles will become finer the further we recede from that point. These inferences are tolerably correct, we must admit; but, nevertheless, our own experience at digging proves that the most logical geological deductions about gold-finding are not always verified in fact and that gold seems to be peculiarly that mineral which loves to mystify your scientific theorist as to the precise position of its whereabouts." Having given us this small specimen of geologic lore, the writer proceeds to describe the appearance of the coast of New South Wales. The description is fairly given, and induces the conviction that the describer has seen the spot with his own eyes. He bestows a word of praise on Port Jackson, that harbour of matchless beauty certainly, as lovely a spot when looked at under the broad sunlight of a southern summer day,' or still more beneath the light of the refulgent moon, as poet-eyes could wish to gaze upon, so magically picturesque is its panoramic scenery. Of Sydney, the" writer says little, and of Parramatta still less; but this is his description of the Australian bush : " Imagine a boundless expanse of very untidily kept gravid was, of a reddish brown color, covered with a few loose dark pebbles (which are. for the most part, nodules of iron stone-,) unit a little struggling grass here and there, that looks more like tiny thin grass. Spriiii-iiig from tints Illimitable gravel w. If you are in every direction tall straight sterna official trees, of a good size and shape, with grant ruined strips of Miioothisli bark, like worn-out making hanging from them, all stringy and his here led, Here and there are great fallen trunks lying prostrate, half-burnt, perhaps, and the tracks of many of the living trees are blackened and charred by occasional tires. Here and there, too, are small trinkets of young gum trees, or of shrubs of other species, growing compactly together, form- ing what are called scrubs, Except where the scrubs occur-and they are mostly confined to the banks of the watercourses-you may gallop in any direction through the bush, taking care to avoid occasional branches and projecting stillness, and leap- ing not and then over fallen logs, for the most part, the trees do not branch till far overhead, and then they send out brandies as untidy and ragged looking as their sterns, and their leaves are few and fur hutiveen-small, and of a dull and sombre hue so that our ideas of greenness and verdure, usually associated with the notion of a forest receive rather a rude and unpleasant shock. Few things indeed, are more disappointing and depressing than a first entrance on mi Australian mails, everything looks KO ugly, it) bare, and bran are, kind and, the ground so uncovered that you see at once there can be no living thing near yard while nothing meets the eye but burn car! it, M revived with dry broken aliens, and the stilling ragged tree 'tania riding up at intervals. So little head is there, that the sun feels often hotter in the bush than in the open country, where If you have the sun's rays must unbroKen you also feel whatever breeze there may be blowing, which in the bush the trees keep from you." This sample of the author's scene-paint- ing, we must leave to our readers to compare with their actual experience. The sketch is not very complimentary to the bush, one must say ; but perhaps it is more truthful than the gorgeous picture of a similar scene by moonlight given by Bulwer in his last novel, " The Caxtons". In our next article we shall follow our author to the New South Wales diggings. 