??$))£ K^lfcl&il; Vö< /Pnnrmnirn Di . >- > 'I BEI in the pUuj whim i tu. anu.ai'dea ul tuu..ioUs< to apii.lc tha truth, and ther'öM cn» truth I sp*»a unstitn It wlnso 'I-.* ' MONDAY, 2nd AlJUUST. EUROPEAN NEWS TO 15th MAY. A uiiJOBNT sonri'h thwugh very considerable numb era of newspaper, received by the Chusnn, supplies a few items of interest, for which we bud no room on Saturday, but which wo now subjoin. ENG!,AND. The murringo of La'dy Constance Lovoson Gower, youngest daughter of tin» Duke ti ii c1 Dui-liess of Sutherland, with Kuri Grosvenor, oldest son of tho Marquis of West minster, vvus Holoiiinisod on the 12th Slay, with grout splendour. Her Majesty honored the cere- mony with Hot' presence. Ti'tAUi: is Ksoi.AN».-The Hoard of Trade returns for tint month mid throo months end- ing thu Cth ol' April hlimv n continui'd ututo of'uctivity in almost «II of our groat national products. It is trio much to expect tlmt wo tuui go on every month und year inoicasing our oxpoits, because at some timo or otliur tho utmost tension must bo reached. But whether with regard to the quantity of gnoilh which wo send abroad, or to those which we t'ocoivo fiom fiuoign countries in return, the result is such as ti» satisfy the most Hiinguiue Free-trader, und tu jutlify til) tlmt MrDisrnoli lins said in his budget relativo tu the Imoy ttney of the rovvnuc under tho existing. sys toin. The exptuta of thu month are slightly below tho-o of the euri espoiidiug month lin-t year, but the three mouths show ¡in ¡ncronse of £00,(100. lu gtaiii nuil Ihiiir the impoits show a diminution, uiiil them is a deeieoso, tot», in eotton, linen, and woollen products ; lucíais, tilao, have diminbihcil, but ii will be i einem heidi tlmt in tim mimili ending Apiil f>, lust vein, tho incienso of o.\pnit was veiy e'emsiilet.ililo-fat lieyund tbo aver ago ol' thu your. As regards the luipi» IN, it is gmlilyhig lo lind a huge incienso in toa, colVi'c, sugar, oucim, und tuhu.-t'o-the gieat | iiofcshiitlc» ol' life, and thu last linuied n I lu.Miiy which is wide'y ptutiulpati'd in hy all j classes, lu shipping we lind nu int renne in the outward eleaiaiiees fur the three inniitlis anil ii deeionsii ¡n the elidios iiml cleiii'.ni' ces ni' both llr'tish and I'mciirn tiiiiunge fur tho mouth. This ¡a tlie siteunil re tutu of the ' kind which the Torios have mudo MUCO theil installation. It may bo readily imagined that these periodical proofs of the triumphs of Free-trade are not hold in much favour by the present occupants of Downhig-strcut, who were not very serupulouH in ellinging the Ministiy which they succeeded in " cooking"-so undeviating was \Ua talc of IUCCCSS which the returns told. Now we have the XJrotei tionists in power, and yet no ingenuity ensi.prevent theou undoubted evi- dences of the national prosperity froin speaking out, trumpet-tonuued, in proof of the fact that the less Government interfere with trade, and the less tlicy aro cramped with restrictions, in the same ratio will it fructify and piosper.-European Times. Mr Hume, Mr Booker, and Sir Joshua Walmsley, have been exerting themselves in endeavouring to prevail upon the Govern- ment to grunt a remission of the- sentence of Frost, the Chartist. These gentlemen hud nu interview with the Secretary of State for the Home Depaitment on Saturday for that pur- pose. Colonel Rawlinson has opened out the entire place of sepulture of the Kings and Queens of Assyria. There they lie, it Is said, " in huge stone sarcophagi, with pon- derous lids decorated with the royal orna- ments and costume, just as tiley were de- posited,'more than 3,000 years ago." }}y the American papers we arc told that the celebrated Mrs Bloom >r was recently killed in JJridge-strect, Hosten, by her hus- band, who is supposed to be insane. Mr Foargus O'Connor has gone to New York. A work by Colonel Mundy, entitled " Our Antipodes, or Residence and RanibleB in tho Australasian Colonie«, with a glimpse of the Gold Fields," is announced. The flumfries Courier describes the burn- ing of Loch'.ir Moss in various patts, the peat ?roads having formed chains of fire across the mos'". The appearance vvasrtrange and wild in the extreme. It is generally supposed that the. fire was caused by cinders from tim furnaces of the locomotives. Several mosses in the north of England have also caught fire, and great damage to property has resulted. Since 1830 twenty millions aterling have been added to the debt of the Knit India Company. The Parliamentary Committee will iloliTinino whether the chin ter is to he renewed, or a new system of government, adopted. The papers indignantly denounce the au- thor tics at Plymouth for receiving llosas, the merrilees but defcuted despot of Uuenos Ayres, with minks of houor. The European Times says " livery Englishman must have felt his cheek burn with shume when he read an ac- count the other day of the honours heaped by the authorities at Plymouth on the ex Buenos Ayreun dictator, Rosas, when-ho reached our shores,-one of the most san guiniiry ruffians that ever disgraced hu- manity, who walled through blood to the head of the Argentine confederation, and pre- served his power up to the time of his ex- pulsion by a series of atrocities, wnioh rv.il those of Nero and C .lígula. The figure wlrhh the Ministry cut in the House ol' Peels when questioned about this busines-i on Thursday was most pitiable. Like the usurper, in the play, 'when confronted with the ghost of his murdered victim, " Thou caiif-t not say I did it !" was the exclamation of each ol'them. Rut the deed was done, the honours were piven hy command from Uowning-strcct, to this base, bad mau, who for twenty years past has been the scourge of the Plate and tho scandal of human na- ture. The honours paid to Rotas aro very significant, and will not speedily be for- gotten." , Dr Andrew Plummer, of the Steyne, Brighton, has absconded and fled to America with a giddy girl, the daughter of respectable parents, his amiable wife and daughters being on a visit to their relatives in Scotland. He has carried off with him £1600, which Colonel Howard, a friend, had left in his care, and has left all his debts to his trades- men unpaid. The late Lord Panmure left Bums for va- rious charitable institutions amounting to £47(10. THE Smi'PiN'o THADB-On Wednesday a return to Parliainent was printed, showing that last year thoro was employed in the trade of the United Kingdom 22.ÍI02 British ships, of 4,1)38,386 tonnage, and 10.2SG foreign ships, of 2,1)83.70?! tonnage, entered inward»; and 21,708 British ship», of 4,882,4.00 ton- nage, and 17,707 foreign ships, of 3,220,014 tonnage, cluared outwards. THE AGAPEMONE, NEAR BRIDGEWATER. The Bristol Gazette, among other strange i tones respecting this place, states that the founder recently diove to the Castle Inn, Taunton, and, on a servant warning a. num- ber of idlers by, saying, "Take care, hereV Mr Prince coming,'"' ho baie! to him solemnly, "Mr Prince once, Jesus Christ now." After smoking a cigar and drinking a bottle of wine, he returned to " the abode of love." It also narrates that ono of the strange regulations observed in the institution is the election ol' " Mis PriiicP," or " the Bride." This is a distinction which every week falls to the lot of one ol' fifteen women, who with their hus- hands are members of the sect." A large .-luge is||crejted, on which is placed a num- ber of beats according to the number of can- didates for the espousal. The btage re- volves round a chair, in whre i Mr Prince boats himself. At a given signal the hus- bands ol' the women unter, and each, station- ing himself at the back of his better half, begins to force the .-tuge round, until it has attained a pretty good speed, when at a sign from Mr Prince," the husbands retire, and the stage is left to himself; when it btops, the woman opposite to Mr Prince becomes " the bride" for a week, at the end of which time the ceremony is repeated. On one occasion Mr Prince happened to catch a "bride" ni she was being kissed by bur husband. As a punishment for this unfaithfulness, she was divorced from her heavenly consol t, and put to menial labour, and tho peccant husband was sentenced to wheel a banow full ol' stones up anti down the yard for three days. The funds aro becoming limited, and Mr Prince's inlluonco is on the decline. It i rumoured that ho once meditated a flighU but '. the saints" would not trust him with au. adequate amount of money, so that he was constrained to remain. A letter from Stromness, dated April 28, states that the Arctic expedition, under Captain Sir E. Belcher, arrived thoro on the 23d, all well. Th« expedition left Strom- ness on the 28th. Mu. JOHN DAUmir-nr:, F.K.S.-This dis- tinguished member of tho medical profession expired on Sunday morning, alter a severe and protracted illness. Tho lamented de- ceased hold the appointments of consulting surgeon to tho Hoy ui Ophthalmic Hospital and North London liilirmiiry, and also a sent at tho council table of tho lloyol College ol' Surgeons. Tho work of removing tho Crystal Palace commenced on M!ay 1st. It has been bought by a body of speculators foi'£70,'>0it. Tho Wesleyan Missionary Society's in- come for the last year was £111,780 lös 9d, and Its expenditure £111,053 14s 4c). The Society has 470 missionaries, 7S2 paid agents, 8<I77 unpaid agent«, and 79,841 scholars attending its school:;. Sir Charles Rowan, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, is dead. The ISui perol* ofMorocco ha« sent Her Ma- jesty two splendid Arabian steeds. The Chinese junk, lying at Blackwall, is to he sold by auction. The submarine electric telegraph is com- pleted to lBoulogne, and a second line is to be laid down between Dover und Ostend. The whole Continent of Kitropo will thus be brought Into instantaneous communication with ICiigliind. Mrs Chisholm has arrived in Cork. Diuigl.is .Jonold has undertaken tho odl toiship ol' JJIOI/II'S Wicklg newspaper. A company with a capital of XKiu.oOO has been started to eulunise .Spain with Irish potisuiiK The Spanish Government patro- nises the s -home. A court martial has been held at Ports- mouth, lu investigate the circmiistiiiiccs nt lending (ho wreck ol tho liirkcnheail. Five of the escaped seamen and petty ollicors u the ill-fuled vessel were nominally placet upon their trial, and tho proceedings lustci llnuiigli two entire days. Some vulimnmn evideuee vvustnken; but titi fuetsweii' eli ¡toi which the newspaper i orivspoiiiloneo had no' forcbtullod. The trial tuicd,ns w'usexpee.t.'(l in a verdict, pronouncing a panegyric upon the dead, and au honorable acquittal for the living. 