BISHOP WAY ON Tiiii cHRISHAN INSTITUTION OF MARRIAGE. Q. 1. Wi at is marriage or mutiiusony ?- A. It is an indissoluble union, coniiaitcd by mutual consent, between one man at-d one woman, in a. lawful n-ar.ntr, by which they are. obliged to live together ail ihe days of their life. It may be considered in three ' different slates : *(1.) As a natural contract, conformable lo ihe natural desire of mankind for propa gating the human species-:, tnd giving tl.e married paily a mutual right to each cider's bodies, eccording to ihdt of ihe acripiuro, 1 tiui wife hbih .Jiofc power of hfcr'ov, n boo; , but tba hasbaii'j ; and in 1 ka Uiauce;, the iiiisband. hai.lir not powur of hisownbodi, but ihe wi:e,' 1 Co;, vii. 1. ' Gwd niu.Btlt is the author of t.his contract, and al ihe b«.giia 'nirig of the world. h«? wrn.'r,H, h-yl. :.!-..-- ?„ -.: ?male and female on purpose to be united in ib'for the propagation of mankind ; thus, Christ himself says, ' He who made man in ' the beginning, made them male and female —wherefore they are no more two, but one flesh,' Matt. xix. 4, 5. (2.) As a isivil contract ; for, upon the multiplication of mankind on the earth, they formed themselves into larger societies, of ; tnany families joined in one body, for their mutual protection and defence, and for securing to individuals - the undisturbed possession of their property. For this pur pose, it was necessary* to make proper laws and regulations by which this security might be. obtained; And as nothing contributes more to the good of the state, and the public tranquillity, than to have the natural contract of marriage properly regulated, with regard to the temporal goods and privileges, both of the married couple themselves, and of their children, proper laws were made by the different states for settling these matters. In this view, marriage is a civil contract, made according to the laws of the country where the parties dwell, with regard to their temporal concerns, as members of the com munity. (3.) As a sacrament of the new law. The great end. of the Christian religion is to lead, men to heaven, which presupposes the existence of men upon earth ; and, as mar riage is the natural source from which man kind draw their being upon earth, it was necessary that such measures should be taken with respect to marriage among Chris tians as to make it conducive to that great end of the Christian religion, the salvation of souls. The trials and afflictions which accompany the marriage state, 'and that tribulation of the flesh,' which St Paul declares shall be the portion of married people, 1 Cor. vii 28, are too often, from the corruption of the heart of man, an occasion of the ruin of their souls ^ the difficulty of avoiding this ruin is not a little increased from the indissolubility of marriage, which our blessed Saviour restored to its original firmness among his followers ; and the neces sity vi unugiiig up men cuuuieu uui vmy as men or as good citizens, but as good Christians so as one day to become saints in heaven, which Jesus Christ requires, in the strictest manner, of all bis followers, lays an additioual duty upon Christian parents, which requires a particular grace and assistance from heaven to enable them to per form. For these reasons, our blessed Saviour was pleased to elevate the natural contract of marriage to the dignity of a sacra ment among Christians, so as to annex a particular grace to the lawful celebration of this contract, by which the married people are enabled to bear in a Christian manner,' all the tribulations incident to that state, to preserve a mutual love and fidelity to one another, as the indissolubility of the bond of Marriage requires, and to bring up their children in a Christian manner. Q. 2. Is the marriage of Christians a true sacrament ? A. it is j and has all the three things to make it such. Q,. 3. What is the outward sensible sign used in marriage ? A. It is the mutual consent of the parties, expressed- by words, or other signs, under those conditions which the laws of God and and his ' church require ; which see below, a. i3. Q. 4. What is the inward grace re ceived ? A. ft is first, an increase of sanctifying grace, and, secondly, the sacramental grace proper to marriage ; by which the partiesare enabled to perform all its duties as above explained. Q. 5. Where do we find this laid down in the holy scripture ? A. When the Pharisees put the question to our Saviour ' Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for any cause?' he de clared in his answer, that marriage, at the beginning, was instituted by God himself; and though, from the hardness of their heart, it had very much declined from its orignal sanctity, he then restored it to its primitive state, by sajing, wherefore they 'are no more two but one flesh ; what, therefore, God hath ioined together, let no man put asunder,' Matt. xix. 6. And St.- Paul, re peating the same truth, addB, ' this is a great sacrament ; but 1 speak in Christ and in the .^liurcb/ Eph. y, 32. In which words he shews, that, in the church of Christ, mar riage is a great sacrament ; and not only a sign of the union, and love which he required among Christians in that state, but also of the union and love which subsists inviolably betwixt Christ and his church. Q. 6. Wherein does the essence of mar riage properly consist? A. In that sacred bond and union between husband and wife, by which they are no longer considered as two distinct persons, but as two joined together in one flesh ; ' for this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife, and they two shall become one flesh,' Mat. xix. 5. Q,. 7. Is this bond of marriage indis soluble ? A, By the indissolubility of marriage is meant, that from the very nature and end of marriage itself, and still more from the institution and ordinance of Almighty God, the bond of union that subsists between married people, can in no case whatsoever nor upon any account whatsoever, be dis solved by any human power or authority, while both the parties remain in life. So that, though for just causes, and especially for infidelity to the marriage bed, husband and wife may be separated from one another as to their personal cohabitation ; yet still they continue married people, l\ie bond of marriage still subsists in its full force between them, and, if either of them should marry another person, he or she would be guilty of adultery. Now this indissolubility of marriage arises both from the nature and end of marriage, and also from the express law of Almighty God. Q. 8. How does the indissolubility of marriage appear from the nature and end of marriage ? A. This appears manifest whether mar riage be considered as a natural contract, as a civil contract, or as a sacrament. The nature and end of marriage, as a natural con tract, is (1.) To be the means ordained by nature itself for the propagation of man kind, and the proper education of the children. (2.) That the married people, united in this bond, may be a mutual help and comfort to one another during their mortal pilgrimage. Thus God himself de clared at the beginning ' It is not good for man to be alone, let us make him a help like unto himself,' Gen. ii. 18, and with this intention this woman was created. Now it is manifest-, that on both these accounts, the' nature of marriage requires that its bond be indissoluble ; for man differs from ail other creatures when he first comes into the world in this, that, whereas other animals require very little attention from the sire, the mother alone, for the most Dart being sufficient to nurture them up till they can do for themselves, and that in a very short time ; man, on the contrary, in his .infancy, requires the whole attention of both father aud mother ; of the mother to tend and nurse him, and of the father to provide all neces saries both for mother and child. This necessity continues in different degrees, for a series of years before the child can do any thing for his own sustenance ; and when reason begins to dawn, the child then re quires the redoubled-attention of both parents for educating him properly, whether as a man, a citizen, or a Christian. Now, if the bond of marriage could be dissolved, and it were in any case lawful for married people to become free, the passions of men would never be at a loss to put or suppose themselves in that case ; and then a door would be opened, not only to the destruc tion of children both as to their subsistence and education, but likewise to debaucheries, and a universal corruption of manners, that must be of infinite prejudice to the multi plication of mankind, which is the end of marriage, Besides, what kind of solid com fort could the married people have in each other, if the marriage was not indissoluble? It is this indissolubility of marriage which makes the parties enter with all their heart into the views of their mutual interest. It is this which invincibly fixes their afftjclions on their common concerns. It is this which gives a permanency to their love for one another. la a word, the indissolubility of marriage is the greatest incentive to make, them bear their crosses, and put up with any thing disagreeable in each other's tempers, andcarefuliy to avoid giving any just handle of discontent to one auotbe*.. They are joined together for better and for worse, they are married and can no more be separated while life remains; therefore they must make the best of it they c,an, and content them selves. But, on the contrary, if th? bond'of marriage were dissoluble, it would at the bottom, differ nothing from the state of con- ^ cubinage, and be attended with all its bad consequences. . If next we consider marriage as a civil contract, its indissolubility is no less roani fest; for the good and happiness of the stats* being the end of marriage as a civil contract, this end could not be procured if the bond of marriage was dissoluble ; because children abandoned and neglected, endless dissensions in families, and confusion about the division of their property, being the natural conse quences of the dissolubility of marriage, must necessarily be a source of great misery to human society. Last'y, The indissolubility of marriage, considered as a sacrament, appears fronv the idea the scriptures give us of it in this view. For the sacrament of marriage among Christians, is, by appointment of Jesus Christ, a sacred sign and s'ymbol of his indissoluble union with his church ; and on this account, St. Paul insists upon this as the most powerful motive to engage the married people to love one another ; because as the bond of their marriage union is a symbol of the union of Christ with his church, they ought, therefore, to imitate the conduct of Jesus Christ and his church in their behaviour to each other. ' The husband,' says he, is head of the wife, as Christ is the head of the cburch ; therefore as the church is subject to Christ, so let the wives be to their husbands in all things. Husbands, love your wives, as Christ also loved his church~*.??o ought also men Eo love their wives, as their own bodies. He who loveth his wife, Joveth himself ; for no man ever hated his own flesh, but nourished and cherished it, as also Christ doth the church; for we are members of his body, of his flesh and of his bones : ior^this cause shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall stick to his wife, and they shall be two in one flesh. This is a great sacrament ; but I speak in Christ and in his church,' Eph. v. 28, Now, all this reasoning of the apostle would fall to the ground, and have no effect, if marriage, as a sacrament, did not necessarily require to be indissoluble ; as the sacred union between Christ and his church, of which Christian marriage is the symbol, can never be dissolved. All this is further confirmed, from the idea the scrip ture gives us of the nature of marriage ; for there we are assured, that married people are 'no longer two - but one flesh ;.' and this the Holy Ghost declared at the begin ning by the mouth of Adam. It is repeated again by Christ as the grounds of the indis solubility of marriage, and is used by St Paul for the same purpose, who also declares that husbands ought ' to love their wives as their own bodies ;' that in. Moving his wife, he loves himself, and cannot hate her without hating his own flesh.' All which manifestly shews the indissolubility of marriage from its nature, and from the identity which it Drcduces among married people, making them one flesh. Q. 9. How is the indissolubility of mar riage established by the law of God ? A. On the most solid testimony of his holy wordj for, (1.) This was the original ordinance of God at the beginning, when he instituted marriage in paradise ; for, when ha presented Eve to our first father Adam, Adam, by inspiration of the Holy Ghost, said, 'this now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my fleuh. ..^.wherefore, a man shall leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife, and they shall be two in one flesh,' Gn.ii. 23, which words our blessed Saviour brings to prove the indissolubility of mar riage by the law of God, at its first institu tion ; and then he renews the same inriisso lnbility of it among nis touowers, saying, 'what, therefore,. God hath joined together, let no man put asunder,' Matf. xix. 6. Where he plainly declares,.both that the bond of mar riage is the. work of God, and that no man can break what he has so tied. And when it was objected to him on this occasion, that Moses allowed a man to put away his-wi^r,' and marry another, he replied, by declaiing, that this was merely permitted 'to the Jews, by Almighty. God, on account of the ' hazd» .ness of their hearts ; but immediately assures ; us',' that 'from the beginning it was not so,' - verse . 8 ; which again proves that marringe, at its original institution, was by the law of God, indissoluble. (2.) Jesus Christ being to raise the contract of marriage to the dignity of a sacra ment among: his followers, in.order to enable them to perform the more sublime and ex alted duties which the holy religion required from married people, and to ordain it as a-' sign of his indissoluble onion with- his church' whs pleased. to abrogate all permission given to the Jews of dissolvingmarriages, and of .marrying' others while their former partners were alive, and positively pronounces this law,' ' what God hath joined together,.,let no man put asunder,' Matt. vix. 6. After his public conversation with the Pharisees on this subject,' In the house, again, bis disciples asked him concerning the same thing, aud he said to them,' in these general and unlimited terms, ' Whosoever shall put away his wife and marry another, conmiiteth adultery ' against her. And if the wife shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she commit teth adultery,' verse 10. Which evidently shews, that, by the law of the gospel, the- -bond of 'marriage can never be dissolved, but that married people, whosoever they be,- though they may live separate from one another's cortpany, yet can never be loosed from the nuirriage tie ; add that if either party so separated from the other, should presume to marry another person whilst the former partner is in life, it would be no marriage at all before God, but the state of damnable adultery. The same law is more particularly repeated by our Saviour on a distinct occasion ; where, after the par able of tha unjust steward, and before he began the history of Lazarus and the rich glutton, he interposes this declaration i ? Every one that puttetli away his wile and marrieth another, convmitteth adultery : and he that married her that is put away from her husband, commiteth adultery,' Luke xvi. 18. Here we see none are- excepted, every one memoes an universally ; ana notn parties are in the same case ; not only he who puts away his wife and marries another, but also he who marries her who is put away are equally guilty of adultery j which shews to a demonstration, that, io whatever case the separation is made, the bond of marriage still continues undissolved, so that neither party, can marry any other without being; guilty of that horrid crime,- On- this clear' text St Augustine writes- thus-,- 6'W ho - are- we, then, that we should say,.one is guilty of adultery who puts away his wife and marries another ; and another- who does the same is not guilty of adultery ? for seeing the gospel says, every one commits adultery who does this, (and consequently all who do it,) that is, who puttting away his wife marries another is guilty of adultery ; without doubt both are included,, both he who, for any other cause besides fornication, puts away his wife, and ha who puts her away for the cause of fornication,' &c.; Lib. 1\. De. adult, congug. cap.. 9. (3.) St Paul, wno is' doubtless the most infallible interpreter of the doctrine of Jesus Christ, declares the indissolubility of marriage in tue strongest terms. 'The woman that bath a husband,' says he, * whilst her husband liveth, is bound to the law ; but if her husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband. Wherefore whilst her husband liveth, she shall be called an adulteress, if she be with another man.; but if her husband be dead, she is freed from the law of her husband ; so that she is nor, an adulteress, if she be with another man,' Rom. vii- 2. See in what express and general terms, without any exception, he declares, that death alone can dissolve the bond of marriage,, so as to make it lawful fov a married person to marry any other. Ii the same manner he declares this to be ar express command of -Jod himself, 'but t' them that are married,' says he, ' not I, bu the Lord commandeth, that the wife depa-r not from her husband ; and if she depart tha she remain unmarried,, or be reconciled t- her husband who put away his wife,' lCior.ii 10\. And a little af'ler be concludes, *i woman is bound by the law, as long as thi husband liveth : but if her husband die, sh- is at liberty ; let her mairy to whom she wi1 .only in the Lord,' verso 39. ftovv whatb'. here lays down, vri'h i-egard ; to the wife, i-': 'cqnaiiy ur.nl uu? with regard to the husband. both brtcauss tue con truce -is uaaual, aad %h* ben i of,rn'arria^e .equally the same in both ; and because the apostle affirms, that if 'the wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband; so, in Hke manner,- the hus band hath not power of his o*n body, but the wife, 1 Cor. vii. 4. (4.) Now that the iridissolubility of the , bond of marriage is the true and genuine in terpretation of all the above testimonies of . holy writ, and that this is the true sen.se and meaning of. them intended : by the Hoi)1 'Ghost, always has been, and is the doctrine of the church of Christ, as is. designed and declared by her in the. great and general 'Council of Trent, which, laying down the ?* atholic doctrine' concerning marriage, begins with this very point, in thesa words : ' The first father of tnankiM'i, declared the perpetual and- indissoluble Lie of marriage, bv the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, wiien he said/.' this now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flash ; wherefore a man shall leave his father and mother, and shall adhere to his wife, and they shall be two in one rflesh,' ' tfess. xxiv. in princip., and after wards declares, that this alvvays was and is ' taught by the church of Christ, according to the doctrine of the gospel and the apostles; and, therefore pronounces anathema upon all those who shall say she is mistaken in teaching so : 'If any one shall say that the churcn is mistaken, in having taught and in teaching, according to the evangelical and apostolical doctrine, that tne bond or mar riage cannot be dissolved by the adultery of either of the parties, and that both, or even . the innocent party, who gives no cause to the adultery, cannot contract another marriage whilst the other party is alive, ana that he is guilty of adultery, who putting away the adulteress, marries another, as is also she who, leaving the adulterer, marries another, let him be anathema,'. JSess. xxiv. can. 7- Here we see the infallible authority of the church of Christ declaring the indis soiubility of marriage to be the envangelical and apostolical interpretation of all the above texts of scripture, and condemning all those who teach the contrary. Q,, 10. But when Jesus Christ says, ' whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another committeth adultery,' Matt xix. 9 i does ?not this exception seem to insinuate, that by the fornication of either party, the marriage bond is dissoluble, and that, at least, the innocent party may lawfully marry again ? A. In answer to t his, we must observe, (1.) That St Mark, when relating what passed on this occasion, mukes no mention of this exception, bnt tells us, that our Saviour, when in the house with his apos- . ties, declared to them, in general terms, that, ' whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another committeth adultery against her,' Mark x ll. Which clearly shows, that the exception mentioned by St. Matthew, is not applicable to the husband's marrying again, but to the lawfulness of his putting away his wife for any cause but fornication only. (2.) That this text of «M Matthew is very obscure as ifc lies, and especially if not compared with the account given by St Mark, which opens the door to the true sense of it ; but all the other texts on this subject are clear, decisive, and without all exception, consequently, the true mean ing of the Holy Ghost is not to be sought from the ambiguous expression of an obscure text, in opposition to so many plain texts, but its ambiguity is to be explained and its true sense ascertained by those other clear \- and express texts upon the subjects. (3.) If it be supposed lawful for the husband to put away his wife on account of her fornica tion and to marry again, as being the iu nocent party, then either the bond of mar riage is dissolved, or it is not ; if it be not dissolved, it can never be lawful, even for the ionocent party to marry ; if it be dissolved, then even the guilty party can lawfully marry, becanse no less- free than the other, and yet our Saviour expressly says' ' he that sh'a.l marry her that is put away coinmittsth adultery,' Matt. xix. 9; which manifestly shews, that even when she is put away for ? her guilt, the marriage remains in its full force. (4.) The church of Christ has never understood the above exception as implying a dissolution of the bond of^marriage, even in {.he case of fornication, or as in any ?respect favouring the innocent party, and condemns in the strongest terms those who teach it does so. Q. Jl. What then is the meaning of the above text of St. Matthew ? A. All the reasons just mentioned demon strate that it cannot mean that the bond of marriage is dissolved even by the crime of either of the parlies, and consequently it makes nothing against the doctrine of the Catholic church. Its true meaning, then, is to be sought for from the circumstances in which Christ spake it, and from the question to which it was the answer. . The' Pharisees asked our Saviour,' Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for any cause?' Matt. xix. 3. Before he gives a direct answer to the question, he puts them in mind, that marriage at its original institution was indis soluble, and consequently could not be broken by any cause ; he then declares, that he, by his supreme authority, restores it to this its primitive perfection, aucl that the infringe ment made 'Upon it by the Jews was only a permission on account of the hardness of their hearts ; after this preamble, he gives a direct answer to their question, in t. ese words, ' I say to you, whosoever shah put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adul tery.' This sentence contains two parts, first, an answer to their question ; secondly, a con firmation of what he said in his preamble of the absolute indissolubility of marriage, which he was pleased to join together, rather indeed, in obscure terms. Their question was, ' Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause V To this he answers, JVb ; it is not fewful to put away his wife for any cause except for fornica tion, committeth adultery,' by being the occasion of her committing adultery j but that none might think that when he puts her away for fornication the tie of mar riage is broken, and the husband at liberty to marry another, he adds, that, even when lawfully put away for fornication, if the husband 'shall marry another he com mitteth adultery ;' and ' he that shall marry her that is so put away committeth adultery ;' and 'he that shall marry her that is so put away committeth adultery also.' Q.. 12. How does it appear that this is our Saviour's true meaning ? A. From the reasons,1 (1.) Because as we have proved above, by this sentence, the marriage bond is by no means broken, even in the case of fornication ; (2.) Because it follows from this, and we have also shewn above, that the exception cannot fall upon the indissolubility of marriage ; and, there fore, must fall under the lawfulness of put ting away the wife at all ; and (3,) Because, in another place, our Saviour says, in express terms, ' whosoever putteth away his wife, excepting the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery ; and whosoever shall marry her that is put away, committeth adultery;' Matt. xix. 9. Where it is manifest, that, if the husband putteth away his wife for any other cause except fornication he is deemed the cause of her future crime, because the cause for which he puts her away for fornication, and if she marry another, that other is guilty of adultery, by marrying another man's wife ; but the husband is /ree of guilt, because he had a just and lawful cause for putting her away. Q,. 13. What are the conditions which the laws of God and his church require for the lawful celebration of the sacrament of mar riage 1 A, They are chiefly these following : (1.) The proclamation of the banns, where the decree for such proclamations is in force ; (2.) The consent of the parents ; (3.) That it be done by a proper pastor, and before wit nesses ; (4.) That there be no lawful impe diment ; (5.) That they contract marriage with Christian disposition. A. maiden lady suspecting her female servant was regaling her beau upon the cold mutton of the larder, called Betty and in quired whether she did not hear some one speaking with her down stairs? 'Oh, no, Ma'am,' rrplied the girl, 'It was only me singing a psalm,' ' You may amuse your self, Betty,' replied the maiden,' yvithpsalms but let's have no hims, Be!f y. I have a great objection to him r ' Betty curtsied, withdrew and took the iiiiiu 