WRECK OF THE "THOMAS KING," AND SUPPOSED MASSACRE OF FIVE PER- SONS BY THE BLACKS. (from the Moreton Buy Courier, May 19.) On Monday morning Mr. Richards arrived in town with information that the captain and one of the crew of the Thomas King had arrived at his residence, on the outskirts of the town, having been conducted thither by some of the native blacks, and that they had been badly wounded by the native blacks of the north coast, who had murdered five of their companions. By direction of the Police Magistrate, a cart was despatched for the unfortunrte survivors, who were brought in and lodged in the Hospital yesterday afternoon. Owing to to [sic] the patients having been nearly exhausted by their suffering the medical officers prohibited conversation with them until they should recover themselves by rest and sleep. Our detail of the circumstance of the case is therefore necesarily imperfect. It appears that the Thomas King left Sydney for Manila, about the 7th of April last, and on the 20th of that month she struck on Cato's Bank, and became a complete wreck, the bottom breaking up in half an hour after she struck. None of the cargo was saved. As all the boats but one were stove, and it became absolutely necessary that relief should le sought forthwith, as there were no fresh water on the bank, Cap- tain Walker, with Mr. Dalis, the second mate, three seamen, named Smith, Howard, and J. Thompson, and Dr. Hyslop, a passenger, left the wreck for the purpose of making this coast, leaving on the reef the first and third mates, boatswain, carpenter, steward, cook, two seamen and a boy, and a groom, who was a passenger. The boat made the coast to the southward of Wide Bay, three days after leaving the wreck. On landing, the chronometer and some other articles were secreted in the sand, and the people travelled towards Moreton Bay. After a day's journey, some blacks came to them and robbed them of a portion of their clothing, allowing them afterwards to proceed, but early next morning the same party, or others, overtook and attacked them. Captain Walker received some severe injuries on the shoulder and one of the legs from blows of a waddy, after which he succeeded in escaping and secreting himself amongst some bushes. The seaman, Frederick Sherry, also escaped in a similar manner, after receiving a slight spear wound in the brest [sic]. The captain waited till the blacks departed, and then came out from his concealment. He saw Dr. Hyslop lying badly wounded, who told him to make the best of his way off, for that he himself felt that he was murdered. The second mate was dreadfully wounded, and was lying on the ground in a state of delirium. The captain proceeded towards the southward, but wandered about for ten days before he again fell in with Frederick Sherry. They then proceeded on their journey together, being kindly treated by other blacks whom they met, and subsisting on such fish, roots, &c.;, as they could procure: Finally they were brought to Mr. Richards's place by an old black and some gins, who, it is to be hoped, will be substantially rewarded for their conduct. They saw nothing of the other three men after they themselves escaped from the attack, and they believed them to have been murdered. The captain particu- larly was in a very exhausted condition on his arrival, and they had scarcely had any sleep for very many days and nights. It is proposed forthwith to despatch a party from Brisbane to Callowanda, in the neighbour- hood of which the slaughter is supposed to have occurred, for the purpose of ascertaining whether any of the snfferers survive. FURTHER PARTICULARS. Captain Walker is going on favourably, under the care of Dr. Barton, house surgeon of the Brisbane Hospital, who has very kindly taken him into his own quarters; and it is hoped that he may be sufficiently recovered to proceed to Sydney in the Eagle. The seaman Sherry is out of danger. We regret to learn that the unfortunate Dr. Hyslop was a married man. A boat, with six men, provisioned and paid by some of the inha- bitants, proceeds to the Bay this morning, in search of further intelligence. GOLD COMPANIES. - On Monday last, the member for Roxburgh received from England an earnest and urgent request to proceed to London at once and assist in establishing a Gold Company, by disposing to them of part of his auriferous land in the neighbourhood of Bathurst. The polite invitation was backed by the tempting promise of from £40,000 to £80,000, and is really meant as a matter of business, the letter being the first of a triplicate to the same purport.-Herald's Bathurst Cor- respondent. ATTRACTIONS OF "A NUGGET.-By a private letter received by Mr. Forbes, storekeeper, of Bathurst, from a relative residing at Calcutta, it appears that a considerable degree of excite- ment had been caused by the arrival at that place of a 5G ozs. nugget from the Australian diggings. It says, "a piece of gold weighing 56 ozs., and a few specimens of auriferous qnartz, have arrived at Calcutta from your dig- gings, and are now being exhibited nt the Ex- change. The proprietor has made a good specu- lation of his exhibition, by charging half-a-crown each, as thousands have rushed to the place to see the wonder." We are decidedly of opinion that a few good-sized nuggets distributed judi- ciously for inspection amongst the great seats of population, both in the southern hemisphere and in Europe, would aid materially in supply- ing us with oue great want-emigration. Bathurst Free Press, June 4. PRAISEWOHTHY CONDUCT.-Mr. George Lewis, who lately kept the inn at Risdon Ferry, left this place a few years since for Port Phillip, and, like many others, he was unfortunately insolvent just previous to his departure. He kept an inn on the Sydney road, in Victoria, for a time, and afterwards removed to the Porcupine, the nearest public house to Mount Alexander. Gold was discovered in the vicinity, and, ns a natural consequence, mino host of the Porcupine reaped immense profits by the many thousands travel- ling the road, and has left with a handsome competency, having sold the "good will" of the house for several thousand pounds, after carrying on the business for only thirteen months. No sooner had Mr. Lewis arrived here than he called all his former creditors together, aud paid them in full. This highly praiseworthy conduct will meet its reward, for Mr. Lewis is tho owner of the Emma Prescott, and is a trader with the adjoining colonies ; where, as well as here, such rare behaviour will be properly appreciated. We have another action to chronicle. Two boys, the eldest not sixteen, left their father's house, for the Victoria diggings, taking with them two scrvnnts. After a short sojourn at the adjacent El Dorado, the two boys have lately returned with a draft on the Union Bank for £1900, which they put into their father's hands to pay- off a mortgage on his land in the interior of our island ; and they have again left, almost penni- less, to try their luck in the gold fields of the adjoining colony. Acts such as we have de- scribed arc as honourable to the parties as they are creditable to the colony, and ought to be re- corded by the public press as a beucon to others to " go and do likewise."- Colonial Times. MELANCHOLY AND FATAL ACCIDENT.-Mr. William How Kenyon was accidentally killed on Friday last. He had been during that day engaged with another in clearing out a well on his property, and while ascending at the close of the day, from what cause is unknown, the rope slipped from his hands and he was precipitated to the bottom of the well, in which there was at the time five or six feet of water. The well is upwards of 70 feet deep, and as the day had just closed ns the accident happened, some time elapsed before any one ventured down, until Mr. Fishbourne, bootmaker, of this town, arrived on the ground, when he was immediately lowered down and found the unfortunate man quite dead, with his head under the surface of the water, and his feet sticking out. He succeeded in placing the feet of the deceased in the bucket, and then lashed the body to the rope. Mr. F. had a narrow escape from a similar fate, as while in the act of performing this charitable deed, a bucket fell into the well, passing within an inch of his head. The deceased left considerable pro- perty, and a few weeks before his death made his will, whereby ho bequeathed £100 to All Saints Church, Bathurst.-Herald's Bathurst Correspondent. ?? SEARcn FOR LEICHHARDT.-A letter received on the Downs from Mr. Hovenden Hely, about a week ago, stated that ho was about to proceed from Surat with a light party to ascertain the truth concerning the alleged murder of Dr. Leichhardt and his party beyond Mount Abun- dance. Ho would leave his camp at Surat, and should the reports concerning the melancholy fate of the travellers provo correct, Mr. Hely believed that he and his party would return towards Sydney in about twelve weeks. Should the rumours appear to be unfounded, he would proceed on his search, with his full party, in the direction of Peak Range. We observe that the reports alluded to have caused considerable sensation in Sydney. The Herald suggests that the bones alleged by the blacks to be lying on the banks of Bundarabella Creek may be the remains of Mr. Mitchell and his companions, who, as reported some time back, were lost in searching for a run ; but this is a highly im- probable conjecture, as Mr. Mitchell was travel ling in the Dawson district, and tho nearest point of that river is some 250 miles from tho spot alluded to by the blacks.-Moreton Bay Courier, May 19. A SUNNV DAY ON THE "EUPHRATES."-WO on Monday last republished, from Dickens' Household Words, a graphic account of the proceedings, on " a rainy day," on " the Euphrates," when, on the 13th of January, ult., the female emigrants, whose passage to this colony was provided for by Mr. Sidnoy Herbert's Emigration Fund, embarked at Gravesend on board that fine ship. Very gratifying will it be to all who took part in those proceedings, to leam that, on the 25th ultimo, tho Euphrates, after a prosperous voyage, anchored in Port Jackson, beneath the sunny skies of Australia; that, in two hours after the anchor dropped, the immigrants under the judicious arrangements made by Captain Browne, the immigration agent, were landed, and received in the large and comfortable apartment prepared for them at tbo immigration office, in Hyde Park, where ample hospitality, and every kind attention, confirmed their preconceived notions of the fortunato land wherein their future hopes were cast ; and fur- ther, that by Monday last, every one of the sixty immigrants had made comfortable, and, to them- selves, most satisfactory engagements, at from £14 to £20 per annum. One and all expressed themselves truly grateful, and pleased at the arrangements made to receive them, and to place them in situations of comfort and respectability. The pr.°yer of the earnest writer in the House- hold Words has been fulfilled. Heaven has guided their feet to peace, and they have stepped forth upon a land more able than over-crowded London, to appreciate their merits and reward their toil.- Herald, Jan. 4. FATAL ACCIDENT.-We regret to record a fatal accident which occurred in consequence of the recent floods, on last Thursday week. A man named Charles Allen, lately employed in the service of Messrs. Haly, of the Burnett district, was attempting to swim across the Brisbane river at Wivenhoe, riding one horse and leading another, when the horse he rode commenced plunging, and he dismounted, taking hold of the bridle. This is believed to have broken, and he was seen from Mr. North's sta- tion to drift away rapidly with the torrent, when, as he caught at the branch of a tree, he disappeared beneath the surface. The body was not found till two days afterwards, when it was interred. No assistance could be rendered, as the flood was higher than it bad been known in Brisbane for the last nine years, and running with groat velocity. The unfortunate deceased had been in Messrs. Haly's service since 1842 ; he had left with the intention of going to the gold fields, but was believed to have changed his mind, and had been about to return to the station to re-engage. He has left a wife and one child. The horses ho had with him escaped. Moreton Bay Courier, May 8. CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT.-The sittings of this court will commence at Darlinghurst Court- house on Monday next. There are ten cases at present set down for trial, viz., one of murder, one of manslaughter, one of shooting with intent to murder, one of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm, one of assault with intent to commit a rape, one of forgery, one of breaking and entering a dwelling-house and stealing therein, one of fraud, and two of lar- ceny. There ore three other prisoners who will probably be tried, but the depositions have not yet reached the Crown Solicitor's office ; of these, one is charged with rape, a second with an assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm, and a third with wounding with intent to murder.-Herald, Jan. 5. ADDRESS çaoM TnE CAPE. - By the Cape Town Mail of the 24th January, it appears that at a meeting of the Municipal Commissioners, the following resolution was introduced and unanimously passed: "That an address be transmitted to the Mayor and Aldermen of Syd- ney, congratulating them and the colony on the successful termination of the struggle with the Colonial Office in Downing- street, with regard to the abandonment of the scheme of transport- ing felons to that territory, as recently attempted to bo revived, and which glorious result, nchieved through the perseverance of the inhabitants of >ew South AVules, proves beyond doubt that they are the best judges of their purely local or domestic concerns, and were pefectly justified in their endeavours to avert by constitutional means the enormons evils attendant on penal settlements, and to which no com mimi ty having regard for their character can tamely submit to be degraded." The mover of the resolution premised its introduction by observing that the address was intended as a return of the compli- ment paid by the inhabitants of New South Wales to the Cape colonists in the address trans- mitted there last year by the Australian League, congratulating them on their successful resist- ance to transportation.- Weekly Chronicle, June 5. ' GERMAN IMMIGRATION. - We are informed that the first ship of German immigrants is ex- pected to arrived here about June or July next. She will also bring an assorted cargo. The emigrants are already engaged. Messrs. Walter Gray and Co., of Ipswich, have undertaken to receive orders for German immigrants, includ- ing skilled vinedressers, who, by the government regulations, will be allowed free passages. Moreton Bay Courier. SUDDEN DEATH.-On Thursday last a married woman, named Hombrook, left her home for some purpose or other, and did not return until midnight, when she was driven to her husband's door in a cab, accompanied by a woman named May. The latter was very much intoxicated, and was conveyed into a room by Hornbrook and his wife, where she was laid on a sofa. She appeared lo be in a very depressed state, and they gave her some brandy and ginger beer mixed together. She then lay on her face and mouth, and being unusually quiet, Horn brook became alarmed, and on proceeding to turn her round, he discovered that she was dead. Dr. Cnthill was immediately sent for, but his assistance was of no avail.-Empire, June 5. ACCIDENT.-On Friday night hist, as a person named Bullock, and his wife, were proceeding homewards with a bullock team, along the new line of road, the latter, whilst in a state of phy- sical excitement from physical causes, fell for- ward amongst the bullocks, one of which kicked her in the bead, inflicting a very serious injury. Though not dangerously wounded, it is probable that her sufferings will be severe before she is restored to a condition of perfect health. Bathurst Free Press, June 2. BATHURST.-THE WEATHER.-The winter, like the spring and summer seasons of the past year, promises to be exceedingly favourable to agricultural and grazing purposes. Wo have just sufficient moisture to keep the plough going, without a superabundance, and, rather singular to say, notwithstanding June has set in, we have not yet been visited with frost-a circumstance almost unparalleled in the remembrance of that most important authority-the oldest inhabitant of the district." Except mornings, and evenings, the atmosphere is remarkably fine, and in the middle of the day, frequently warm. Grass continues very plentiful in the bush, and stock of every description, working cattle not excepted, is in first-rate condition.-Bathurst Free Press, June 2. GRASS-SEED.-Though not so abundant a3 might have been expected, considering the un- usual moistness of the season, and the plentiful ness of grass, we are assured that in certain portions of the surrounding districts, the grass seed has been very injurious to the sheep. In some cases wethers, which were previously in good condition, have fallen away almost to skele- tons, and the last year's crop of lambs have been stinted in their growth and injured in the wool. Boree, Davy's Plains, and other portions of the Wellington district, as also certain locali- ties in tho district of Mudgee, have suffered most severely from this autumnal pest. Bathurst Free Press. ACCIDENT TO THE MAILMAN.-Information has been received that Owen M'Grath, the mailman, met with an accident in travelling towards Brisbane on Saturday. His horse fell with him somewhere near " Little Liverpool," and his leg was so much injured that ho had to bo left at Mr. Douyero's Inn. The mail was brought on on by Mr. Turner, of Helidon.-Moreton Buy Courier, May 19. RACING MATCH.-On Monday last d match between Mr. Horton's Foxhunter, and Mr. Pea- cock's Bassano, came off on Ipswich race-course. The original match was for £50 aside, and there was an additional bet of £25 to £5 mado on Foxhunter by the owner. Owing to the heavy rains tho course was in a very unfit condition for the race, which was decided by Foxhuuter win- ning without difficulty.-Moreton Bay Courier, May 15. A NEW IDEA OF SEPARATION.-The Port Phillip people expected very great things from separation, but with all their boasting of what the erection of the district into a new colony would do they never equalled one of Mr. Sydney Herbert's needlewomen. In a letter which F. A. H, who arrived in Melbourne in the Culloden, wrote, describing in the most glowing terms her wages, her clothes, her place, and a young mau who came out in the same ship, declares that " as soon as separation arrives, we shall have the streets paved and lighted, and we shall have coals, and then it will be equal to London ! I have not seen a coal fire since I have been in the colony." It is evident that F. A. II. supposed that coals and separation would come together, and that Sydney was depriving Port Phillip of those two great bless- ings. We hope her expectations with regard to the young man who carne out in the same ship have met with greater success than those which anticipated the early arrival of coals and gas. Herald, June 5. PLAYING AT GHOST.-John Innes, a lad of about sixteen years of age, was yesterday brought before the Police Magistrate by con- stable M'Casky, who deposed that on the pre- ceding evening Innes rushed into his house enveloped in a sheet, and tried his hand at the part of a ghost ; his (M'Casky's) wife was so terrified by the sudden appearance of such a figure, and by the howl he set up, that she went off into fits, and it was found necessary to call in medical aid ; she was very ill all night, and had yet by no means recovered. Mr. Dowling read the scamp a severe lecture, and ordered him to find sureties to be of good character for seven days, in default of which to be imprisoned for that term -Herald, June 5. LECTURE.-On Thursday evening a lecture on the principles of political representation, and the theory of a upper house, was delivered at the School of Arts, by Mr. W. A. Duncan, President of the Institution. The unfavourable state of the weather prevented a numerous attendance, but the audience present listened with great attention to the lecture, of which they frequently expressed their approval. It would be useless to attempt any fair outline of the discourse in a notice like this. The lecturer dwelt strongly upon the necessity of enlighten- ment amongst the people in order to enable them to exercise their suffrages for the general good ; and he inculcated the propriety of legislators being regularly trained for that function. In discussing the proposals that had been made for the formation of a colonial upper house, the lecturer inclined to the belief that the creation of members for life would be the best mode of establishing an upper chamber, in the present condition of the colony. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks was unanimously given to Mr. Duncan, on the motion of Dr. Hobbs, seconded by Mr. J. Richardson, M.C. Moreton Bay Courier, May 15. THE BOURBON SUGAR SALE.-The 5500 bags of sugar from Bourbon, per ship Turenne, were disposed of by Mr. T. Y. Lowes, at his mart, and realised £23 per ton. The sugar is an excellent article.- Colonial Times. 