" WHERE WliUK YOU LAST NIGHT AT TWELVE?" "-" A JUDICIAL'SKETCH. ? I Thor© vas a judicial functionary residing nt \ , Boston, lorne y oars ngo, .whoso legal acumen .ind profundity only equalled his general cha- racter otherwise, nnd who was a roan " not to ] bo snoozed nt," at least when he was seated upon tho bench of tho Police-court, wlicro lie pre- sided two or throe days in each week. When seen in the act of delivering uti opinion, lim learned judge waa a "a picture to behold ;" and when he finally got it oil. his was an opinion ns was an opinion, and nothing else. Uut tho judgo was very like otbor people in ono respect ; he would cat ! And as ho wended his way slowly across Yromon-row to dinner, ono day. his attention was arrested by tho display of sundry " heads of people '" in "Southwotli's i daguerreotype show- case. Tho ¡doa suddenly I struck him that his own countenance wasn't n bad 'un for a pioturo, so ho found his way up stairs nt once into tho reception room. " What's I the prico of that size t" ho asked of tho polite attondaut. " I-'ivo dollars; sir." " And this t" " Throo dollars." " Couldn't you put mo on that for three P" pointing to tho largost plato, j " Wo havo but tho regular prices, sir." " Yes, I know. But you see I'm ono of tho judges at I tho court, p'leco cuurt, and thoso dog'ratypo places aro getting to bo so very Humorous in this j community." " Yes sir, but a good pioturo " I " Ah. I und'stnnd. But you cun take a copy, I put it in-tho caso below, nnd every body knows tho judgo* of tho p'lecu court." " Well, sir, you're a publia m ili, I shall take your picture." .. Thankee, thank'ce," said his honour. .' Wiion shall I como in V " To-morrow, at eleven, if you plonsc, sir," responded thc attendant civilly, and the judgo departed. Next day, nt half-past ton o'clock, a handenrtman. arrived beforo tho door. Ile looked up, satisfied himself that all was right, and then shouldering a portion of his load, quickly found his way into tho recoption room of tho artist, where he dumped his goods upon tho door, without ceremony, nnd turned to bring up tho balance. " Holli), friend," said tho attendant, " what's all this nbout f" " Thia is SouthwortU's, alut it!" " Southworth's, yes.'* " It's nil right then. Boss'll bo herc in a fow minutes. Ho's a comln' to havo his picture taken." *. O tho judgo f asked tho attendant. *' Yos," replied tho cannan, and five minute» afterwards tho Inttor decamped, leaving sundry napers, books, inkstands, Ac., .tc, which be had brought up agreeably to order. At ejoven o'ctock, according to appointment, tho lnàrnnd functionary made his appearance, with a luxury of a donn dicky on. and looked as wiso ns an owl. "All roady f''inquired his honor, eood na tur od ly. "Yes; slr. bo seated," said tho oporntor, who now mndo his nppenranco. " Ono moment, Mr Dog'ratpye," remnrkod tho judgo ; and nu expression nltogothcr indescribable, (with pen and ink.) porvaded tho loamed gen- tleman's phiz. " Ono momont. slr, if you plonsc. Th oro ls inuoh in tho character of a pietur ; nnd much depends on what persition] the setter teikes, in dog'râtyps ns well ns any otbor por traits," Tho artist was convinced iustantor | nnd if hu bad entertained tho slightest doubt boforo, all anxiety vanished nt onco, ns the learned judgo concluded tho sontenco, But ho was not ready yet. " Therefore," continued his honour, " it wouldn't do to tnko nie in tho or- dinary wny. Pcrsitloti, Mr Artist, persitiùn ls every thing in theso matters." " You nro right, slr." " To ho euro, I nm ; and I want to bo ' taken, you seo, with my law-books and things hore, in my official persition." " Exactly," said tho enthusiastic nrtist, cntoring into tho spirit of tho thing. " Yes, there, that's it." continued his honour, raising himself up and assuming a show of ferocity. " Now, do you seo, I'll fix myself : and when I say . Take me,' it'll bo tho time. You must imagino n witucis standing lhere, nnd mo addressing him, Mr Artist. Mind now ; and when 1 put. tho ques- tion to him, look out for tho expression, l'.h ?" " I understand slr." Tho judgo thon put on an unearthly scowl t his broad bald forehead was filled with ft dozen wrinkles ; his round face was gathered up from tho extremities, until it re- sembled a huge, woll-bnkod apple ; and then lt was that tho fearful interrogatory burst from his lips, " Where were you lait night at twelvel* "Tnko mo now ! tako mo now!" shrieked tho judgo, ns the perspiration poured down tho sides of his faoo : and Southworth did Ids best. Tho cap was placed upon tho cylinder, and tho deed was accomplished. Tho judgo lind been taken In lils " otfioial position." A fow minutes after, tho operator produced his work, fiucli a twisted, contortod. bald-pntcd inex- pressible countenance lind novor boon conceived before, in nil tiir.o I " Wlint's UIÍB, Master," exclaimed tho judgo, confounded. " " It's your picture, slr." *. Completod V '" Completo, slr." " I know it, slr, and bog your pardon j but it is a mott striking likeness of your oß' ial position !" nddod tho artist quietly. " It looks like tho ghost of a dend nigger." continued his honour, half facetiously mid half in a chagrin. "How muon is itt ' "Throe dollars, sir," " How much to nib lt out P" " Two dollars." "flub it out, slr, ru b it out!" oxclaimrd his honour, indignantly ! " hero's tho money." Tho judgo poid tho V, tho pioturo .wa« dostroyod. ono was tnkon In-tho natural way i and over after thnt daguerreotype was finished his oomi« tonnnco wore a pleasant expression, oven when ho was most deeply ongagod In tho perplexing duties :of his " official position."- ¿niírícan paper, " 