THE COMMERCIAL STATIC OF POUTUOAL. (From the Timas, September G.) In tho courue of ilio lasL week wo have published two letters from our corre- spondent in Portugal on the improved commercial and financial prospects ofthat country. So strange is the very name of Portugal in this aspect, so inveterate is the feeling, " Can any good come out of Portugal?" and so accustomed nro wo all to look on her only as thc scene of earth- quakes and bloodless revolutions, that a moody contemporary thinks nothing can have impelled us to mention her but a general vacuity of actual nows. "Ah, Portugal ! Well, there was onco such a country. In ancient times it offered a long resistance to tho Romans, and in after ages it produced Prince Henry, and the hero as well a3 the writer of the £« siad. A century since it excited some attention by the destruction of its metro- polis, it was pressed into importance as thc theatre of our war with Napoleon, and about twenty years ago it made a stir with a disputed succession. From Por tugal, too, we certainly do continue to get | port wine nnd oranges.. There, in a word, is tho history nnd' commerce of Portugal, ns far ns the British public cares to know, and nothing but the most desperate dearth of material could ever have impelled a journalist to offer further information on so barren a subject." Such is pro- bably the train of thought in our con- temporary's mind, though it has only supplied a passing sneer. Wo readily grant that the bare- name of Portugal might suggest suck a sneer. We grant that a man who mutely secs two long letters in small print on thc finance and commerce of Portugal, and has not the curiosity to read them, may easily mistake them for tho ghosts of the past ; ia fact, a mere disinterment of old MSS. ; but,, when tho truth is known, our readers will, acknowledge that the very feeling nt the bottom of our. contemporary's jestprovestho value of our correspondent's information.. Portugal is old enough, obsolete enough,, hopeless enough, it is true ; but here we have Young Portugal, Portugal breaking, from its leading strings, and promising a. bright and prosperous future. Portugal, since" wo must name it, and can now do so with interost, is one of tho most happily situated, and altogether roost favourably circumstanced countries in the world.. Her maritime position, second only,, if Bccond, to that of these isles, hen fertilo soil, her delicious climate,, her j splendid river ports, and her command of ' a vast interior, .ought to haye rondenod her ono of the richest, frcceet; and most popu- lous European- states. There is hardly any natural production of general utility which cannot be cultivated in Portugal. Sho can produce every . variety of wines, and wanta nothing but the inducement to beat all tho ? wines of Germany, not to say France, ont of our market. To BIIOW how quickly sho can adapt herself to a demand, it¡ is only , necessary to observe, that lill tho otber day she was a large and regular importer of corn and potatoes ; she is now alargo o nd regular exporter of both these articles. i Her population are. industrious and. pro j j eminently fond of peace and quiot, as op pears by tho evidence of their -periodical , revolutions, which always end in an amica- ble " transaction/* placing the victors iu power and the vanquished on the pension list. Why should such a country not bo our very best customer, in proportion to tho size of its territory ?. Why should not every year oxhibit an inbrcoso of its trade? And why should it not bo able to dis- charge all its publio obligations to tho foreign as well a* tho homo creditor with pertest faith ? Tho answer is td bo found in various circumstances, moro or lesa no- torious, but not absolutely fatal'to tho progressif the eountty. The great frivo- lity and fickleness of tue people comes foremost in this list of impediments. lier periodical revolutions ore costly as well ns unsettling, for. though tho people do not bleed for them, the Treasury does. Every new Government saddles a new swarm of employks on the public, and thus the re- sources of the country aro eaten np hy successive generations of placemen, and there is, probabty, no coun- try in which the official staff is so large compared with the population. Ko Mi- nister ventures to molest them, so fragile is the tenure of his own power. To time alone, to the growth of a more enlightened spirit, and to thc gradual strengthening of political institutions, can wc look for the rotnedy of this particular evil. But tho more immediate cause of this morbid constriction, by which thc commerce of this nature-favoured country seems inca- pable of increase, is the high tariff which has hitherto been maintained upon im- ports, and which tells particularly on those from this country. It stops regular com- merce, but is miserably unproductive to the Exchequer, as wherever a bale of British goods can bo landed in Portugal there prevails a notorious system of smug- gling, of which all orders and classes con- tend for tho profits, and of which the re- gular trade is a mero cloak. A little duty is paid just for decency sake, but thc bulk of what enters the country pays oidy to the contrabandist, and thc functionaries he fees or employs. Smuggling, however,. is expensive everywhere, for smugglers must livo as well ns Custom-houseofficcrs; and the prico of British commodities is thereby increased to an extent which in- terferes with thc demand. It has often been pressed on thc Portuguese Govern mont that it mightpromotceommercennd thcintcrosts of the revenue at. thc same time by lowering tho tariff till it starved the contraband trade ; and when this country was lately on bad terms with Spain some attempts were made to bribe tho Portuguese Go- vernment to a course which would bo for its own interest^ though not so convenient to its neighbours. There is redly now some prospect of Portugal consulting its own interest as well as ours in this matter. It has already adopted an ad valorem duty of lo per cent, on some articles, and it is said thc rule will be extended to the whole tariff. This must finally extinguish thc contraband trade on the coast. So many influential parties are interested in the trade, that wo might wonder to find the interest of thc public so powerful in a country of which thc very name, it ap- pears, is not to be mentioned without apology. But this mystery is soon solved. While one contraband tindo would cer- tainly disappear, another, of a much moro promising character, would as certainly take its place. The Portuguese contra- bandists have cast a longing eye on thc en- ormous profits made nt that splendid smug- gling depot, the port of Gibraltar. They wish to divide these profits. They wish to inflict two Gibraltars on Spoin. They do so now to a certain extent ; but, with British goods admissible at a small ad valorem duty, they would soon make their own long narrow strip of mountainous country a mero seivo for thc transmission of British commodities into high taxed Spain.- How Spain would feel under the operation of this second blister, and whe- ther she would bear these land smugglers with more equanimity than she now bears her maritime practitioners, remains to be seen. Thc second and loss immediate obstacle to the improvement of Portugal has been the want of communication. Its great rivers, which aro often but indifferent chnnnels of trade, being full of rapids and obstructions, arc as much used as could bo expected ¡ nnd nil thc country that can be reached from their banks attests, by its cultivation, tho value of those natural highways. 'But roads, and particularly railroads, nre wanted ; there is no country ?where they arc moro so. Hitherto the weak state of regular trade, the poverty of tho public finances, tho want of national credit, and tho unsettled state of every Government, have made railways impos- sible. They arc now seriously contemplated and thc funds are forthcoming. Unless another revolution comes in thc way, wo leny soon expect to find several lines in progress, and ero long, tho busy locomo- tive opening up thc vast interior to tho moichandiso and tho travellers of this country. Nothing can bc imagined moro likely to draw close the bonds that already unite us with our ancient ally ; nothing move likely to restore to Portugnl some- thing of thc wealth and tho glory which she once had, when her Princes made it their boast to ransack thc ocean for new realms. But tho two mensures wo have mentioned.must go together. It will not answer the purpose of tho British capital- ist to sink his money in Portuguese rail- ways, except for tho hopo of a greatly increased traffic; and that he knows he cannot expect without a reduced tariff. With British railways he might insist on an instalment of British freo trade. 