ELECTIONEERING IN TIPPERARY. Tipperary, always notorious for something out of the common in the violent line, has the following neat production posted throughout the county: " ELECTION OF TIPPERARY. Lives there a slave so lowly, Condemn'd to chains unholy. Who, could he burst his bonds at first, Would pine beneath them slowly! FREEHOLDERS OF TIPPERARY, NOW OR NEVER ! SCULLY AND SADLEIR, Tenant Right and Altars Free ! Or a Repetition of the Stockport Sacrilege! THE CHAPEL DEMOLISHED! The Sacred Utensils of the Altar Profaned! THE PRIEST'S HOUSE LEVELLED, And his books (value£800) flung into the streets, by the WALPOLES, DRUMMONDS, JOCELYN, OTWAYS And other Earth Stoppers of the DERBY PRIEST-HUNTING BLOODHOUNDS! Whose yelp is again heard in the Kennel of the Ormonds; Vote for Otway and his Gutter Agent and you support the descendants of men who TRANSPORTED ONE PRIEST ! ! ! AND HANGED ANOTHER! Jocelyn Otway, beware of THE GHOST OF FATHER SHEEHY! Toler, take care of FATHER O'MEARY !!! July 3,1852 Copies of the following, printed on flaming blue paper, have also been widely placarded throughout the county : " HELL BROKE LOOSE. " The demon of persecution is up in Eng- land. Bloodshed, sacrilege, and fire have commenced the Reign of Terror. Roman Ca- tholic chapels have been demolished; those who worshipped there have been butchered ; but, more horrible than all, the Sacrament of Redemption-the body and blood of the Sa- viour-has been violated and trampled in the mud! Hell has opened, and belched forth armies of devils to desecrate and murder. This is the work of the Derby Government, who drew the sword against the altars of Christianity, and who, if they can get power to do so, will not leave one of them in these united kingdoms. " Up, Irishmen, for the old faith ! Link your strength around the sanctuary. This is no time for cabals or feuds. Who would place his hopes in the smiles of an Orange landlord, while the Holy God of Heaven spreads forth his arms to shelter the faithful defenders of his Church? Who would support Jocelyn Otway, the supporter of Derby and his hell crew ? Who would vote for Jocelyn Otway, that , wants to go to Parliament to help in the de- struction of the Catholic Church ? The traitor who will do so, never let him enter a chapel door. Let his memory be to you like the memory of Judas. Keep from him, for the I devils of hell are his companions, and no saint in Heaven will pray for him in his dying hour. "Vote for Scully and Sadleir. Do your duty to God and man, and trust in Him alone who can defend you-who can wither in a moment the hand that would attempt to strike you in persecution. Hurrah for the brigade !" The Times, commenting on the Irish elec- tions, exclaims-" Extension of the franchise constitutional Government for Ireland ! The Irish are proving themselves as fit to be trusted with such privileges as a set of savages with the regulation of a chronometer. However, it is idle railing at them. They seem past hope, past ridicule, and past remonstrance." In the county of Limerick, a candidate "starts under the auspices of Archdeacon Fitz- gerald, and several other clerical lenders of the Tenant- League movement." An English gen- tleman named Mr. G. H. Kindersley, having offered himself to the electors of the borough of Tralee, a Rev. Mr. Maw thus warns all Ro- man Catholic electors against voting for him : " If there be a Catholic elector of this borough who will dare to go forward and register his vote for the English enemy, pass him by with scorn and contempt. Do not be seen to walk with him, to talk or to associate with him. Let him fester in his corruption ; be not you contaminated by any contact with a wretch so base and degraded. Despise him. If you meet him on the high road, pass over to the other side." This is pretty strong dictation ; but read what follows; -" Let me suppose one of those wretches prostrated by sick- ness. Suppose the hand of death heavy upon him, and that a messenger comes to attend him in his dying moments. If there wore no other priest in the way I would be bound to go. I dare not refuse to attend him. But I confess to you that I would be sorry from my heart to be called upon to attend tho deathbed of such a being-(great sensation). I would go to attend such a wretch with a heavy heart, without much hope, because I would feel that I was going to administer sacraments to one whose I conscience was so seared and whose heart was so rotten at the core that I could not have much expectation of effecting a conversion. Overpowered with the impression that I was about to visit a perjured wretch, who for a miserable bribe had betrayed the dearest in- terests of his country and his religion, and borne down with the harrowing reflection that God, in his just anger, might leave such a wretch to die in his sins (sensation). I would fear that my mission would be fruitless-that I could have no hope of converting a heart so hardened, so lost to every sense of duty and religion, as to vote in support of those who would trample on the Lord of Hosts." (Sen- sation.) The Rev. Dr. O'Brien, parish priest of St. Mary's, Limerick, having been asked by an elector, the moral obligation or the promise of an elector, mentions many ingenious ways in which such a promise can be lawfully broken. The following is, perhaps, the most extraordinary part of the statement : - " Suppose a candidate well inclined to do his utmost ; ready to make any pledges, and, as far as he can, ready to redeem them. He has wealth, character, con- nections, address -and you ' promise ' him. Circumstances arise, however, after this pro- mise, that for the good of Society and religion demand a different person. He has not the information which is required--the class of feelings that is needed, the devotion and energy in a great public cause, on the success of which you believe the existence of society to depend-what of the promise made to him ? I suppose that you anticipate my reply. The fulfilment of the ' promise' is an act against God; because the fulfilment of it assails the interests of society, for which interests you are bound to consult in the exercise of your pri- vilege. Hence the ' promise ' must have ceased to avail, as circumstances make the per- formance illicit." The rev. gentleman, in sup- port of other allegations, condescends to quote the opinion of Dr. Paley. though " of course he has only copied it from some of our school- men, and put it into English; rather incorrectly too." 