A CHAPTER OF SOLIDS. {From the Sydney Bell's Life, Jan. 3.) Testimony is like an arrow shot from « long bow, the force of it depends oa the strength of the hand that draws it. Argument is like an arrow from a cross - bow, which has equal force, though shot by a child. THOUGHTS OK PRINTING.—Many a bright thought flashes and fades within the cellar of the mind, useless to the world as to the thinkers; but a printed thought never dies. Nothing is so indistructible. The proudest works of art crumble to the dust, but the eloquent thought lives, and will live down to the end of time. " A penny for your thoughts" is an old and quaint expression, and if "all the thoughts that were ever uttered could be bought up at this rate, it might prove a profitable investment. "SAVE! SAVE'. SAVE!" — What is there a man cannot save aud improve ? JBy curbing appetite and restraining passion, by observing prudence and maintaining regularity, he may save his health, husband his strength, and thus preserve the springs of health, as constant fountains of energy and happiness, to sustain and cherish him under every labour and hardship. He may save a fortune by industry and denying himself needless indulgence, aud he may find a pure enjoyment in devoting it to noble uses. One of the hours eacli day wasted on trifles or indolence, saved and daily devoted to improvement, is enough to make an ignorant man wise in tea years —to provide the luxury of intelligence to a mind torpid from lack of thought— to brighter up and strengthen faculties perishing with rust—to make life a fruit, ful field, and death a harvest of glorious deeds. POPULAR FALLACIES. — There is a wondeiful vigour of constitution in popular fallacy. When the world has once got hold of a lie it is astonishing how bard it is to get it out of the world. You beat it about the head till it seems to have given up the ghost; and lo! the next day it is as healthy as ever again. The best example of the vitality of a fine saying, which has the advantage of being a iallacy, is an over-hacknied piece ot nonsense attributed to Archimedes — viz., "that he could move the earth, if he had any place at a distance from it to fix a prop for his lever." This is one of the standard illusions, one of the necessary stock in trade, for all poets and newspaper writers; and persons, whenever they meet with it, take Archimedes for an extraordinary great man, and cry, "Lord, how wondertul!" Now, if Archimedes had found his place, his prop and lever, and if he could have moved with the swiftness of a cannonball, 485 miles every hour, it would have taken him just 44,963,540,000,000 years to have raised the earth one inch! And yet people will go on quoting absurdity as gospel, wondering at the wisdom of Archimedes. A THOUGHT FOU YOUNG MEN.—No wreck is so shocking to behold as the wreck of a dissolute young- man; the vigour of life exhausted, and yet the first steps in honorable career not yet taken ; in himself a lazar-house of disease ; dead, but by a heathenish custom of society, not buried! Rogues have had the initial letter of the title burnt into the palms of their hands; but on the person of the debauchee, or the inebriate, the signatures of infamy are written. How. nature brands him with stigma and opprobrium! How she hangs labels over him, to testify her disguest at his existence, and to admonish others to beware of his example ! How she loosens all his joints, sends tremours through his muscles, bends forward his frame, and disfigures his face, as if intent upon obliterating all traces ot her own image, so she may swear she never made him! Then Jet the young man look upon an example of intelligent honest worth, and say which pattern he will follow in shaping his course through life. " UNEASY LIES THE HEAD," K With all his hoardings, Rothschild was by no means n happy man. Dangers and assassinations seemed to haunt his imagination by day and by night, and not without grounds. Many a time as he himself said, just before he sat down to dinner, a note would be put into his hand running thus :—" If you do not send immediately the sum of £500,1 will blow your brains out." He affected to despise such threats; they, nevertheless, exercised a direful effect upon the millionaire. He loaded his pistols every night before lie went to bed, and put them beside him. He did not think himself more secure -in his countinghouse than he did in his bed, It must be, moreover, confessed that (he members of the synagogue generally did not entertain the same respect for him as the foreign Jews do for the Rothschilds of Frankfort, Some thought he might have done more for his brethern than he did, and that, if lie had only used the influence which he possessed with Government, and the many friends lie had at Court, all the civil disabilities with which the Jews continued to be stigmatized, would have been abolished when the proposition was first mooted. " But Rothschild," said an intelligent English Jew to the writer, "was too great a slave to his money, and all other slavery was counted liberty in his sight." DitEss.—There is not in the world a surer sign of a little soul than the striving to gain respect by such despicable means as dress and rich clothes. None will depend on these ornaments but they who have no other. FEMALE DELICACV.—A writer in the Westminster Review asserts that he once overheard, in that paTadise of English rural life, a hay field, the following characteristic proposal of marriage by a rustic swain—" Dost hear Nail, will the have oi?" To which the coy damsel consented by saying " La: John, what dost thou want wi' oi?" A plain spoken woman lately visited a married woman and said to her, " How do you contrive to amuse yourself?" "Amuse," said (lie other staring; "do you know I have my house to do?" " Yes," was the answer, " I see you iiave it to do; but as it is never done, I conclude you must have some other way of passing your time." Brother Jonathan is certainly improving in gallantry, as will be seen from the following, the latest toast from America—" The ladies ! the only endurable aristocracy, who rule withoutlaw—judge without jury—decide without appeal— and are never in the wrong." The Hull Advertiser says, that a "gude man" in Driffield, after having spent a year or two in the married state, had the misfortune, the other day, to loss his wife. Ko sooner was he bereft of the partner of his cares than be con. soled himself with a review of his worldly circumstances. " I had," said he, " but a shilling in my pocket when I was married, and now that my wife is dead I have nine-pence, so that I have only lost tiiree-pence." EFFECTS or UNEXPECTED GOOD SEWS. —About a fortnightBince, the wife of a laboring man at Stratford, having received a letter by post informing her that her husband would be put in possession of property amounting to £100,000 at the termination of a Chancery suit, which would be Bbortly settled, her excitement produced a state of unconsciousness in which she remained for some time, and from the effects of which she has not yet entirely recovered. The news has also had an unfavourable effect on the mind of her husband, and it was feared at one time it would produce insanity. —Essex Standard. MARRIED BY MATRIMONY.—Captain Ross, the member for Westminster, once told the House of Commons that marriage took forty per ccnt out of man; and a Buckinghamshire paper says; — " The entering the holy state of matrimony does not even improve people. For instance, there is a lady at Strattoa Audiey, who, a short time since, was too good. It appeared iu our last week's paper that she got married, and is now onlyjustgood enough," Our" Printer's Devil," who boasts of some little experience of the fair sex, declares that he would much rather have a wife who was ''just good enough," than one who was " too good." And we are inclined to think the rogue is right.—At Stratton Audley, Mr. Wm. Goodenough, to Miss Mary Toogood :—.Newspaper paragraph. A HINT ro INNKEEPERS.—Mrs. Swissheim, who edits the Pittsburgjidcertiser has been having a jaunt. Subscribers serenaded her, which was pleasant: and publicans would make no charge, which was profitable. " When we sent for our bill, said the lady, " after rising to the music of the guitar or the banjo, the landlord sent his compliments, and said he did not make out bills against editors; but hoped Mrs. S would make his house her home whenever she came to Akron. If printers would just take pattern, what a delightful colony this would be !"— Very delightful. We think we shall go to Akron. At one of the Holland House Sunday dinner parties, many years ago, Crockford's Club, then forming, was talked of; and the noble hostess observed, that the female passion for diamonds, was surely less ruinous than the rage for play among men ; upon which Sydney Smith wrote the following impromptu sermonet most appropriately on a card:— Thoughtless, that "all that'sbrightcBt fades," Unmindful of that knave of spades, The sexton and his &ubs; : How foolishly wo play our parts— Our wives on diamonds sot their hearts : We eet onr hearts on clubs. A Kennebec lawyer, who had been unsuccessful in his defence of an idiotic youth, in a criminal trial before a Keunebeck jury, on a plea of incapacity to distinguish between right and wrong, was immediately afterwards accosted by oneof the jurymen, who volunteered condolence, by attemptingto satisfy him that the verdict was a righteous one. The attorney assured the juror, that he was undertaking a work of supererogation; that he had no complaints to indulge; that although his client was evidently non compus, yet the constitution had been strictly complied with—he had been tried, raoBt emphatically hj a jury of his peers / We know of a man who can be trusted with any secret, for nothing he can say will be believed. 