A TIIUH AND .SCItlPTUIlAN SYNOD. Br. AnciiDRARoN HAUE. / am fur from contending tua thc constitution of our Convocation is exactly what one should desire for a Council designed to discuss the mo- mentous questions which would cull fur tho con- sideration of nu Ecclesiastical Government, wore any such existing, in tlioso days* Soma strong objections to it havo been urged in the English Review for October 1841 ; but tho substitute there proposed would much rather inórense thau remove whnt is most, defectivo in tho present form. Tho writer recommends that tho government of tho Church . should bo committed to n Synod of Bishops,-a certain number of other clergymen eminent for learning, und of canonists, being ad- mitted as advisers, but without votes ; and, if this wero done, ho holds, " nothing would be loft to desire." Kow, such a Government would not bo very acceptable to anybody, except to those who fancy that, all tho wisdom and all tho power of tho Church is centred in tho Episcopate ; and most of tlioso would soon bo disabused of that notion, when they found the wisdom of tho Epis, cópate ut.variance with their awn ; loast of all would it find favour with tho Bishops themselves. Soino of the reasons which tell with conclusivo force against such a Synod aro pointed out by Dr. Biber in his voluahlo pamphlet on the Supremacy, pp. 108-112; and several others, _ wero it needful, might bo added. Indeed, if wo attend to tho lessons afforded by divers recent proceedings" in tho University of Oxford, and call to mind how tho measures pro- posed by tho Heads ol' Houses havo been rojeoted timo after time by an overpowering majority, wo may perceive that a body, which certainly does not possess "greater advantages for ascertaining tho mind and will of tho'Churoh, and what would best tend to build up all classes of her members in wealth and 'ponce and godliness, would bulittlo likely to soon ru any general conaurronco and sub- mission for" its decision-. Thoy themselves, too, would doubtless , shrink from .tho arduous and porilous'responsibility. But tho only argument which is or can bo adduced in behalf of such a proposition,-its hoing in accordance with primi- tivo usage,-will not hold water. All tho evi- dence that can bo drawn from tho Now Testament is against it. Ho who hus a complaint against a brother, is to bring it bolbro tho Ecolcsia : Matt, xviii. 17. Tho incestuous person at Corinth is to bo oust out hy tho Ecolcsia : 1 Cor. v. 4. liven tho Apostles thonisolves, nt tho Gounod of Jeru- salem, did' not think fit to decido thu great ques- tions proposod to thom, unless with tho coueur ronco of thc ciders, mid, of the whole Church: Aots xv. 22; 23. Nor 'did thoy proceed to tho election of' a new Apostle, in tho placo of Judas, except in the midst of the disciples : Acts i. 1 5. So, when the now order of deacons wuR appointed, thoy woro ohosou by thc whole multitude : Acts vi. 5. From tlioso indications we may learn thal the supreme authority in the primitive Church was vested in the Mcclcsia-not, indood us au unorganised mass, dookling questions, numerically,-but with duo regard to tho various classes of whioh it was composed, none of those being destitute of, ii voice That romains of this form of ..government, wero subsisting down to vtho middle of -,tho third century, is. clear from a numbor of passages in Cyprian's Lottors. Thus iu Hie 5th, written during his retirement from Carthago to tho I'rosbytarsnnd Deacons, ho says, that, being alone, ho lind hoon unable to roply to tho application' ol' his- co prosbytors, "quandoa primordio episcopatus mci statuurim nihil siua consilia vestra ct sine eonsensu, picbis-mea privatim scntcntia ycrore, . Sod cum ad vos per Dei gratium venero, luna dc ¡is' quae ucl gesta sunt vet gerenda, sluut honor tuutuiH posait, in commune, tractabimus.'* . For assuredly wo uro not to infer from these words, that thu rulo willoh Cyprian had laid down for himself was au innovation of his own, ut vari anco with ancient usngo ; though they cortalnly scorn to imply thal all tho bishops in his day wore not equally scrupulous in conforming to it With tho lofty notions of tho sacerdotal nnc episropul dignity, which he manifests in othei places, he would never have silly -cted that not lui ri ty of Iiis own nccord to the control of tin Laity ; but his sense of justico would lend -hin to maiutiiiu nu ancient institution, oven at Iii' own cost, when others might bu disposed to vin lute it. Timi it was agreeable to ancient disci pline, appears from his 1.3til Letter. A d Ohrum " Hoc eniui et vorccundiao et disciplinae et vitae ipsi omnium nostrum convenit, ut pruepositi CHU clero con vernen tes, ;»Y/cac7i/e r.tiam stantinm plebe quibus cl ¡psis pro fide ct timoré s ito honor haben dus cht, disponere omnia consitii communis reli gionc possimus." .In like manner, in bis lilli Letter. Ad Plebcm, concoruing tho30 who hal lapsl, he says : " Cum pace nohis omnibus ii Domino priiiB data ad Keciesium regret!i eoeperi. mus, tune cxnininabuntiir siugula pracaentibus a judicanlibus vobis ;" uni, n little after, bc begs them to wait for his return, *'ut, cum HI! vo-. per Dei inisöriaordiatn voiieriinus, coiivocuti eoepiscopi plores, necttni/um Domini disciplinai» et confessor um praesi¡ntiam et vestram quoqiie srnlcntiam, bcuturum u.artyi um ' literas ot ilusido ria examinare possimns."" Again, in his 27th letter, ad Ohrum, with : reference to a siinihtr question, he writes Cai rei non potui mo solu ii judiecm dare, cum multi udlnic do clero absentes siiit,-ct liaec siuguloruia tructiindu sit et liinun da plenius ratio, non tau tu in cuni collegia mein, sod et clim plebe ipsa universa." So U¡o, in the '25th Letter, from tho Hoinnn Confessors to Cy- prian, it is acknowledged tbnt tliesu questions ought "caute nioderatcquo tract ari,, consultis ?omnibus cpiscopis, presbytcris, diaconibus, con fcssoribiis, et-ipsis stantibus luicis." Again tho lioinan Clergy; in tho'30th Lelter,*cxprcss thoir approbation ol' this course, '¡.Collutiouo cousilio rutn cuni episcopis. presbytcris, diueonis, confes soribus jiaritcr ac stantibus laicis theta, lapsoruin trnctnre rationom." Other passages confirmatory of theso might bo added ; but flies-; are more thin enough to prove that, the Laity in Cyprian's days, had a voi:c in the discussion and decision of such questions as came, not only before the Diocesan, bul aldo before tin Provincial Synod. lt is true, in tho. report of tho Synod held at Cartílago in tho year 25G, to pronounce on the .validity of baptism by heretics,-as Hint report is printed ulong with Cyprian's works,-after rending that a number of liisbops hud assembled, cum 'presbytcris et' diaconibus, praesente etiam plebis maxima parte, wu find nothing but a rccoid of the opinions ol' tho eighty-seven Bishops, nil agreeing in denying its validity, and tiSMcrting that they who have received this baptisai must be rcbnplised on their admission into tho Catholic Church.- On the strength of this, mid of a couple of other equally conclusivo statements, the Eng- lish Itcvluwer nsserts (p. 37) that, though " priests and deacons wero frequently present nt Councils,-thov took no part in the proceedings, except on special invitation from tho Bishops so to do,'1-that " they came with their Bishops to assist with advice, if called upon, but not empow- ered with any right of suffrage;" and tho »ainu thing ho maintains a fortiori concerning tho laity. This is a sample of the rash uncritical manner in which our admirers of ecclesiastical antiquity snatch up their conclusions with regard lo thc ancient doctrines and practice of the Church. They fhid two or three statements which soein to coincide with their own provious notions ; and straightway they proclaim that those notions have thc sanction nf all ecclesiastical antiquity. An attempt should nt least have buen mudo to explain the apparent discrepancy between this passage aud thoso previously quoted from Cy- prian's Letters, where it is explicitly assorted, thal the inferior clergy and the laity were to lalee part in the deliberations, both by delivering their opi- nion* and judicially. But, if wo examine the report of the Council of Carthage, we find it was not convened for thc purpose of coming to any decision, but merely in order that the Bishop's should deliver their opinions in succession. Thus Cyprian states, in his introductory speech ad- dressed to his brother Iiishops : "Suporcst ut du lino re singuli quid scutiamus proferamus, nemi- nem jiidicnntcs, . nut n jure cointuuuicutloiiiH aliqucm, si di Vorsum senserit, nmovrjiitcs. Ñeque unhn qiiisqnain nostrum episcopum se osse epis eoporuiu I'onstituit, ant tyranulco terroro ad ohsoquendi uecussitntem collogns snos ndigit. Sed uxpcctcmiis unlversi judicium Domini uostri J es n Christi, ((iii unuu ct solus habet potostutem ut pracpoiioudi uos in Eoclesiac stine guboruntiono, nt de aelu nostro juilicuudi.'' in theso words ho is manifestly referring io thc desputiual assump- tion of tho Hornau Bishop Stephanus, who was endeavouring to ouloreo his opposite conclusion hy excommunicating the Asiatic liisbops fur dif- fering from it. So that, as tlio Synod' carefully abstains from doubling anything,' of course tho inferior clergy could not take part in any decision. It wail a matter in which tho Bishop* merely delivered their opinions In order, as our Judges do when called in hy tho Uouso of Lords. At tho same time it is plain, from a numb.u' of indications in Cyprinu's letters, thut the. Clergy had begun lo overshadow the Laity,, a nd to cur- tail their rightful authority in the Church ; whole the Episcopate on its part ivas in like manner oitcr shadowiny both thc Laity and the Clergy and was gradually drawing the whole power to itself. In this age too do we discern tho first germs of tho subsequent pretensions ol' tho 1'npacy. . Thus each class, while it designed to strengthen itself, really weakened itself, hy its usurpations, and, from losing tho support ol' those below, became, less able to resist tho .encroachments of those who wero atiovo it. In neting thus, tho Episcopate may often have had no intention, or even con- sciousness, of usurping what did not belong to it, and was assuredly uot influenced solely by per- sonal ambition. . A boncvolout z.'al would lend it to exert that authority, which in times of strug- gle nnd persecution would readily he conceded to persons occupying tho position of tho chief shep- herds mid guides of their flock. In such cases energy and fortitudo invost a mau with power which' ho has no set purpose of assuming. Hut unhappily that, whlcli in the first 'instance is dono uiiohjectionably, under tho prossuro of cir- cumstances, is afterwards regarded us n precedent, and claimed as a right. It would bo an interest- ing enquiry, if a scholar, duly qualified willi learning and critical discrimination, endeavoured to nscortaiu what traces tlio history of tlio Church in later ages still affords of thc inllucuco originally exorcised by thc Laity, and to describo tho progress of tlio orierouohnie'nts whereby thoy woro deprived' 'of their full Christian franchise. With regard to Synods, it would scorn ns though ono cause, which led to the exclusion of. thc Laity from thom, was tho practice of convonhig Ecume- nical Councils, which grew up immediately after tho adoption of Christianity us tho religion of tho; Empire. For various ..reusous would render it inexpedient that more thaii ono.deputy should come from each Diocese to the Council'; and,this would of course bo tho Bishop, who, so long as ho was ol »ot eil by tho clergy, and people, would ulso bo in overy senso their littest representativo. Moreover, as tho only proper ground for conven- ing an Ecumenical Council is to determino tho fundamental' principles or tho faith, when, thoso aro assailed by wide sproad heresies, this especi- ally boloogod'to tho provinco of the Bishops, ns tho chief depositaries of the knowlodgo and tra- ditions of tho Church. On such questions very lbw laymen were in thoso days fitted to pronounce If in tho lower orders of'thu Clergy any wore particularly eminent for learning and wisdom, thoy too might bo specially summoned to tho Synod, as Athanasius, whilo a deacon, wns to tho Council of Nicon. But ovon thu licumenieal Councils did not consist purely of Bishop* or of Clergy. Tho Emperor, who presided in them in person or by deputy, stood in place af the Laity; and without this addition tho decrees ol' tho Courted, at'tor tho Church beciimo a national ono, .would nu lunger hnvo boon binding. Now this ls tho great defect in tho.ooustltution of our Convocation : it represents the Conscience and Will, and expresses the voice of thc Cleryy, not of the Church. This was suitod to. its origi- nal function ol' ituilosing (axes on tho Clergy, but unfits it for hoing tho legislativo Council nf tho whole Church. Iionoo Lord Ilnrwicke's colo brnted decision is no less valid on grounds of truo Ecclesiastical polity, tlinn ol' constitutional law. Tho nets of tho Convocation, as ut prosiuit consti- tuted, ought not to bu doomed binding, except upon tho Clergy, until they hnvo received tho sanction nf rarliaiiioiit. It is mainly owing to this dofi'Ot, that Ecclesiastical Councils liuvn fallon Into such disuse in tho wholo Western Church siueo tho ago of. tho ltoformatioii. Thc right» vhícli, iee have »em, the Laity mutt han originally passest in the assemblies of the Church, were greatly impaired as early as in thc foui'tb century, anil appear even then to have become iittle inure than a slmd.iw. This, ns has already been romarkt, was iu no small measure the result nt' tho Ecumenical Councils, in the Canons ol which, enj lining annual meetings or Synods, they aro tuerufy termed Synods ol' Bishops. Still there is a great body ot' evidence sluming that foi several centuries tho Laity, as well ns the lowei orders of tho Clergy, often, if not generally, fool: part in them, or at least were present. Th UH, in the Au! H nf tba Council of Eli ber is, at the begin- ning of th.: fourth century, after the mimes of th; Bishops who wero present, we havo tboso of ii number ol' l'rcsbytors ;' and then it is added, " Resident ¡bus cutictis, (that is, all tho Hishupä nuil Presbyters), adslantibus diaeonibus et omni plebe, pri.icopi universi dixertiiit." At the first Council of Toledo, in tho year 435, wu real, "Con veiiicntihus epis'opis,-considentibus pres bgteris, adstantibus diaconibus, et ccteris qui in tcrerant concilio congregates, Pntruiuus cpiscopus dixit.'. At the third Council of Toledo, in 027, " I'ost coiifossioiiem ot subscriptiouem omnium episoopui-um cl lotius gentis Golhicae senior um,'' -liing Kecared addresses them. And in the 18th Canon of that Council it is ordered that thc Bishops should assemble onco a year, ''judicct nero locurum, vet adores fijcaliitm patrimoniorum -simal cum sacerdotal concilio-in unum con vmtiant.'' At tho fourth Council of Toledo, in 071, thu 4th Cituun regulates how thc Bishops aro first to enter thc assembly, then tho Presby- ters, quos causa probaceril introire,..t\ien dioconcs prohabiles, gaos ordo poposccrit intéresse,-deindt ' ifigrediunlur. laid, qui cUctione cuncilii intercsst merùtrint. At tho Council of Tarragona, in 510, tho 13th Canon enjoins that tho Bishops, non solum a . calhedriilibus eeclesiis prcsbyterps, verum ctiam de dioeccsanis ad concilium trahant, ct aliquos de filiis ccelcsiae saccnlaribus secum adducere dibcant. In Uko manlier tho loth Canon of the Council of Hie/., in 439, on thu nunual assembling of Councils, enacts that in ipsis con- duis el presbyteros ct diáconos ct judices sive curiales ac prívalos prae.icntes esse oportet. It would require far moro learning, and a much larger command of books, than 1 have nt hand, to carry out this investigation, mid to show how iud when and through what, ¡inmediato cuufos tho Laity and tho lowor Clergy woro .deprived of their syuodicnl franchise in the various brunches of the Church, how they first lost their iufltienco on thc decisions of the Councils, mid were then nt length excluded from tho meetings also. _For that this was tho process which took place, seems scarcely doubtful ; though Archbishop Wake, in arguing against Atterbury, (in his St'tte of the Church and Clergy. of England, pp. ,06-11,0), tries to mako out- that it Was just 'ibo' reverie, that tho whole authority in tho.Con'itcils^bf' tho Church rested originally with tho ; Bishop.«; niid that , tho change, by which Abbots and .Priors first, then Cathedral Dignitaries, and Justly ordi- nary Presbyters obtained a voice iu them, was " an encroachment of later ages." For it is hardly conceivable that a practice, which was so long lind widely prevalent, should have gained this footing, and should oven havo buen sanctioned by express regulations concerning it, unless it lind at ono time been accompanied hy some real power. The shadow of au_ institution may sub- sist for uinny générations"after tho reality has passod away, as has been seen over and over again in all long- lived nations ; for., instance, in tho retention of tho assembly of tho Hollian Curies for conturios after tho' whole system to which they belonged had boon . romodel'lcd ¡ and this is especially tho paso with regard, to the Church, of all corporations the most permanent, and everything pertaining to which has a pecu- liar sanctity. Thus our Houses of Convocation still continuo to assemble,though their assembling lias for a century and a quarter been almost as much a moro form, ns tho chnllcngo oll'ered by thc Champion at thc Coronation. Unless how- ever t hero bad ht ono time noon a reality, there would hardly have been such nu abiding 'shadow To suppose that the Lower Clergy and tho Laity merely caine to tho Councils us' spectators and hearers, is ns implausible a notion,"ns that thc two Houses of Convocation morely assemble to witness the meeting of Parliament. Nor docs tho solution proposed by Wake and others, that, when nuy members of the Lowor Clergy uro men- tioned us having been present, they hud been spec ally summoned on account ol' business in which they were personally concerned, seem np plicnble to the majority of tho cases. Nor again does thc fact, that tho Bishops alone mostly signed tho Acts of tho Council, provo that tho whole power was vested iu thom : in almost all public meetings tho reports of tho proceedings uro morely signed by the presidents. And though ordinarily the Bishops alone spoke, so did tho Kings alone in thc Homeric assemblies ; yet this did not render the assent of tho people a nullity. Tho speakers in publie assemblies will naturally como in most cases out of certain classes, especi- ally in earlier age3, belbro tho groat body of tho people havo learnt to feel their intellectual and moral and- political importance Of such a kind would spoin to have been tho primitivo form of tho Councils of tho Church. Tho approbation and consent of thc people gave a binding force to tho ordinances proposed to. them. This point is well statod by Field, in his cxcollent Treatiso Of Jin Church, (B. v. c. 49), where, speaking of the persons who wero present nt tho Gonoral Coun- cils, be says, that they aro "of divers sorts. For somo are thcio with authority to teach, defino, prescribe, mid to direct : otbors aro there to bear, sot forward, and consent to that which is there to bo dono. III tho former sort nono but only Ministers of the word and sacraments aro present in Councils; and they only have deciding and defining voices : but in tho latter sort Laymen also tunv bo prcsont. Whereupon wo shall' find that Bisnnps and Presbyters subscribo in this sort : Ego N. d'flniens, subscripsi ; that is, I, as having power to define and decree, havo sub- scribed, lint tho Emporor, or any other lay per- son, Ugo N. consentions, subscripsi ; that is, I, us ono giving consent to that .widen is agreed on by tho spiritual pislors, hive subscribed. That tho Emperor and other Lay ni on of placo nnd sort may bo present in Genoral Connells, no man ma'keth doubt. For though Popo Nicolas seem to deny that tho Einporors may bo present in other Councils, whero mutters of faith aro not handled, yot ho ooiifbs*et!i they may he present in General Councils, whero tho faith, which is common to all, and portniiieth not to clergymen alone, but to lnympn nhdnll Christians generally, is, treated of ; i t being n rulo in nature mid rea- son, Quod omnes tangit, ab ' omnibus tr'actari debera ; that is, that that which conccrncth nil, may be bundled and meddled with by all, so far forth as conveniently it may, and ns thoro is no manifest reason, in respoot of tho disfurbanco nnd hindornnco of tho deliberation, to repel them from such intermeddling." That tho Laity, having onco enjoyed this right,, should havo lost-it, will not seem unaccountable to nuy ono who calls to mimi how in thc course of ages ono Christian privilege after another waa wrested Trout thom, oven that of reading tho Bible, and tho Cup in tho Eucharist. _ Of course, among tho causes willoh combined in bringing about, this result, a part nroso from tho condition of tlio Laity, nuirai and intellectual. When almost all tho intellectual cultivation and all tho theological knowledge in tho .Church wero con- fined to tho Clergy, it scorned in uccordamio with' that equity which, howovór unconsciou'shV'éxór'^' cises nn incalculable influence' in reconciling mun' to social institutions, that tho douisibiir olV quasi tions requiring much knowlcdgo ,nnd al;il| .sl(ould bo committed to tho possessors of tlioso raro qualities Put aftor tho Itèform.iilïnti,1 ' when Samson lind entered- tho city of. Knowledge, and hud carried off tho gates ulotigiwith him, no that all mon might freely'enter, ofter him, nnd no ono could ni'iy longor bar' thiun but-when knowledge thus grew to bo moro and Inoro generally diffused, and was no langer rostrioted to a privileged class whan tba Bible wns thrown open to tho Laity, und it becamu inevitable that thoughtful laymen would meditnto and speculate, upon divino things, as well, as upon liuiiiaii-It coast to be posdhlc that a body selected from ono part of tho Church should bo regarded mid submitted, to ns tho legi- timate reprosontutive and organ of tho whole. Hence even tho Church of Homo lins closed tho long series of her Councils with that of Trout; though in her tho objections just monlioncd havo far less foroo than among Protestants, nnd aro siiiiil.hiircd and Hiipprost, inst end nf hoing allowed to grow up freely. In Protestant Churches', on ' the other hain!, it han leen found impossible to uphold the authority of a S;,nod, except where I ht Laity hive resumed their rightful place in it ; as iii the National Assembly of the Church if Scotland, and in the American Convocation. Au additional proof how urgently this''is required by the mind of the Church in our duy.H, lins been afforded by tho recent proceedings iii IVus in ; where, when tho Provincial Synods assembled two years ago, to consider what would he tho best for tho National Synod which their great and good King pm-post to convoke, tho only point, I am informed, onwhieb all thc Provincial Synods conçu i red, was in expressing an earnest desire that their I .ny brethren should bc summoned along with the Clergy. In oar own Church, too, if ice are to liane a rcillgeffi-ientfCvclcsiasticil Synotl,- thc Laity must form part of it. They ure indispensable primarily, because *of right "they ought to bo thur.* ; and right is the only sure and lasting ground cf power : nil the excuses for tho usurpation which excluded them hnvo vanisht. They aro indispensable, in-order to gain weight for tho decisions of the Synod, and to obtain tho concurrence and sympathy of tho great body ol' the Church, which would look with jrnluusy on tho proceedings of a meroly clerical Council. They are requisite, in order to'givo n pound prac- tical character to our deliberations : for, though some of tho causes which led Clarendon to pro- nounce that clergymen. " understand tho least, and tako tho worst measure of human affairs, of all mankind that can write and rend" (Lifc,y. I. p. 74), may bo less operativo, now thnn two cen- turies ago, from thu greater intercourse and fusion between tho various classes of-society, still one cannot feel sure that he would altogether retract this opinion, were bc living' in our days. They are requisite, to keep us 'from wasting our timo in dogmatical disputes, and to preserve us from tho noxious influence of those idols of the theatre, which no class is proner to worship. ' How fur this necessity may bo apprehended' and appreciated by those amongst us who aro most anxious for uti Ecclesiastical Synod, I know not. Archbishop Whately, indeed, who hus taken the most activo part in endeavouring to obtain ono, says, in a Note toliis Kingdom of Christ (p. 2GG), that " if thc Laity are admitted toa share in the government of the Church, and to ecclesias- tical offices, this would bc not only allowable, but wise and right. That laymen-that is, thoso «ho hold no spiritual ollice-should take part in legis- lating for the Church, and should hold ecclesias- tical .oflices, .as- in tho Scotch Kirk, and in tho American Episcopalian Church, (al ways supposing, however, that they aro members of tho Church, not, as in this country, belonging ti other com- munions ) is .lin-bel tor than that tlio whole go- vernment should bo in tho-hands Of men ol' ono profession, the Clerical.'-' Dr. Biber,.nlso, in his Pumplilot On.thc Suprc macy, to which 1 have already referred, while he forcibly urges tho need of an Ecclesiastical Legis- lature, rightly insists that. tho Laity ought to take part in it (p. 117), shewing that this would bo agreeable to primitive usage (p. 10G), mid tc the practice of tho British and Anglo-Saxon Churches, pp. 48-GO. The Bishop of Oxford again, who, ns Archdea- con ol Surrey, was ono of tho most, prominent among thoMiiembors: of the last Convocation in endeavouring to obtain some expression of our desire for thc revival of tho deliberative Council of the Church, when he is speaking of the first meeting of tho American Convocation, in his History of tho American Church, says (p. 220) : " lt was gathered together ia the full likeness of that Council, to which the Apostles and Elders came together al Jerusalem, 'l'or now, as then, it mot with Bishops nt its head, with Presbyters mid Deacons, each in their own order, ministering under them, und with ibo laity, the. multitude of the fait/ifu', taking solemn counsel for tho welfare of their /ion.'' And nguiu, in p. 254 : " Some indeed thire were, wlio contended that layman should not sit at all in Synods of ilia Church. Hut for this there seems to be undoubted warrant, liront the intimations of the Acts of thc Apostles, ice can hardly doubt that, in some way or other, the laity took part in the discussions of the pri- mitive Church, lt is as plain thut they mndo up tho body in which dwelt the Holy Ghost, as that tho power of discipline and rule was vested in the bauds ol' tho Apostles. The general history of the Church in the succeeding age suggests', thal then also thc believing people ratified leith their exprcst consent the. decisions of the earliest Synods. That such was tho custom in our own hind, is clear from .plain historical records, lt is proved hy tho earliest reninins of our nniinls, that the lÜshops presided . ovor ecclesiastical Councils in England, and, with a vast attendance of the peo- ple, settled nil.matters of religion against here- sies. After tho subjugation of this island by thu Saxons, their kings.' with tho chiefs and bishops, held councils, in which they decided nil which concerned the safety of tho Church mid kingdom, and, to maintain their pence -mid discipline, on. acted laws, with the sanction both nf tho In'ty and prelates. Further, if nt any limo canons wero pust in a merely ecclesiastical Synod, they wore not binding on tho body ol' tho clergy, until they hud 'received tho .sanction of the monarch, us tho representativo of tho laity ; for no decrees of ecclesiastical Councils possest the character of publia enactments, until thus Minct:oiicd by tho king's authority. Both ju Scotland and langland, in tho ninth, tenth, and eleventh en- tunes, Councils were hold for settling both civil and ecclesinstical affairs; in which lt ts plain, from their signatures, that kings and great mon of tho laity sat with, and even outweighed the Bishops. On this point our ancient records can- not ho mistaken. ' Let tho Bishop mid the sena- tor,' say tho laws of .Edgar, about A.D. 1)50, 'bo present nt tho provincial synod ; nnd after awards let them teach divine mid human laws.'-' King Edmund,' says tho code of Anglo Saxon laws, 'assembled a great synod at London, hy rig, as well of occlosiiislicar ns souilla r degree, during tho linly Eastor-tide.'-' In tho reign of . Wihtrod,-thoro was assembled a convention of the great-men in council. There was Mirhtwald, archbishop ol' Britain, and thc forenamed king, and the ecclesiastics of tho pi o vi nco of, every de- gree spoke in union with tho subject people.' Sn speak tho laws of King Alfred. ' ' After this it happened ihiitjiinuy nations locoivcd thc faith of Christ, and that ninny synods wero assembled throughout all thccarth,andulsoiimong tho English nico,-ol' holy bishops, and also of other exalted wilan.' And oven in Inter times, when tho clergy and laity no longer sat together, tho decisions (if tho synod were ratified by the tissent of tho as- sembled laity, ft is not therefore to the presence. or\ votes of the laity in the American Convention, thal objection can be. made'. In this respect the constitution of thc synod did bul follow primitive examples." It-is very satisfactory to lind.KU clear mid uecidod a conviction on this point in a person whoso character and abilities, mid even his linnie, must needs give him u powerful influence in our 'ecclesiastical a tia ¡rs. 