OPHIR. (From a Correspondent to the "S. M. Herald.") JUNE 14.-Your readers may have thought, from the long silence of "your own correspondent," that Ophir had given up the ghost; and that her quartz ridges and golden gullies had vanished into thin air. Such, however, is not the case, for we remain here almost in the same state as when I last addressed you, hoping and fearing, going and coming; and so it will be at all our gold fields " to the end of the chapter," so long as new gold localities, yclept gold fields, are heralded to the aspirant for wealth. The last assay of Messrs. Samuels and M'Intosh's waterhole was almost a dead loss, for only a few ounces were taken before the " winds blew and the floods came," and put a stop to further operations for a time. The machinery, however, was ordered to be left standing by the truly spirited proprietors, intending that at the first favourable opportunity the work of search should be re-commenced. I think now, that further operations cannot be car ried on with a chance of profit till the sprinig; as on Friday last, after heavy rains, a larger flood than the previous visitations canme down with terrific force, and swept the machinery from its '" moorings." In the course of two hours, such was the velocity with which the accumulated and accumulating waters came down the Summerhill Creek, just below the junction, was at the highest level known since the diggins commenced ; and massive trees, used as crossing places, which had withstood the force of previous torrents, were floated a few miles nearer to the Macquarie. Notwithstanding all these disasters, Ophir still yields her gold in quantity sullicient to keep several stores "alloat." I must once more re mark, that the richness of Ophir, or the success of her miners, must not be measured by the quantity recorded by you as having arrived by the escort. Buyers will, notwitlhstandiug this safe public con veyance, risk, for the sake of a few pence, the taking the precious metal in their saddle bags, as far as Bathurst, or perhaps as far as Sydney. I know of one man with his son about 12 years old, who, during the last eight or nine months, have gathered up wards of 200 ounces of the precious metal from the Lewis' Ponds Creek, within .a distance (following down a vein) corresponding about that between your office and the Bank of Australasia. This person, with his boy, left here the other day to winter in Sydney with his family, and as the parent said to give thelad " a month's schooling"; after which, to dig again is their intention at, or near to, the old spot. 'Now, this man and his boy cleared, after paying all expenses, upwards of £570 in about nine months. Before they started for the mines, the father was a night watchman and "half-day" labourer, attached to the establishment of Smith, Brothers, I think in Sussex-street; and his wife carried on dressmaking in King-street. This fortu nate digger, (taking stoppages into account,) with the assistance of his boy, must have averaged, an ounce per diem. I could mention many similar cases not quite so fortunate, but had the same amount of steady labour been bestowed, perhaps equally so. Let new gold fields be found wherever they may, Ophir and its adjacent hill and creeks will yield the coveted metal, when Turon's and Mount Alexander's wealth shall be exhausted. Since the last floods a large nuimber of our dig gers have gone to.Burrendong (in the Ophir Com missioner's district) and many are doing remarkably well ; I saw the other day a large quantity which had been collected in a few days by one men. The gold of this locality is of very peculiar formation; it is for the most part found in nuggets, and cellular, some of them extremely beautiful, when cleansed of the earthly particles with, which the cavities are mostly filled. The new diggins, cursorily alluded to by you in a late issue of the Herald, situated between the Lach lan and Boegan Rivers, I understand are likely to turn out profitable. The Ophir Assistant Commis sioner I believe intends paying his respects to the miners in a day or two, and when he returns I shall perhaps be enabled to report more particularly of this locality. I am sorry to wind up this communication with a brief relation of the death by stabbing, of one of our oldest and most respected diggers, named Wor thy Carlyle. On Monday last, the unfortunate man, with several others, had assembled at Coomber's Inn, and in consequence of some words between a man named Maurice Connelly and John Frederick, the said Carlyle, the deceased, struck Connelly several blows. This man had a knife in his hand at the time, with which he was cutting up tobacco; and he declared that the next man who struck he would stab. After a short interval of peace, during which the lookers on fancied the worst was over, the man Connelly returned to the bar of Coomer's Inn, and Carlyle again rushed forward and struck Connelly, when a scuffle ensued outside the house, during which the latter stabbed the former named to the heart, of which wound the deceased died in the course of a few minutes. On the following day a magisterial inquiry was held by John T. Lane, Esq., J.P., upon the said affair, when at the close Connelly was fully committed to take his trial for wilful murder. The deceased was buried on Wednesday morning, and followed to his last rest ing place by about fifty residents. 