VARIETIES. SNDKSREAFTS AS- M Aeron.—Thereis & very paradoxical belief -existing in, the present age, founded: on'a spurious tradition, that ShakEpeaoe never excelled as an'actor,.8iid only shone as the Ghost in his own " Hamlet." .That he might sometimes lmve lakeu lowly purls,"to'put to sjinmf! the vaiiity of the. inferior actors, is not improbable: but let it never be forgotten tliatin his celebrated panegyric, Ben Jonson'speaks of his friend ns nincli us an actor as a' writer.—Ainsworth's Magazine. . WHAT LANGUAGE SO TIIKY SPEAK IS "CAJ.iFonNiA.—There isa lottery nt tlie presentmouientin France (tickets 1 franc 2Scentimes each), which is called La Lalerie des Litigate D'Or, It is established for the purpose-of sending emigrants over to California; and of all places we should think California would be the very place where the Lingnt J)' Or would be of the greatest benefit; for we do not know what language may be exactly spoken there, but IVC can imagine that the lingo in most people's mouths in California would certainly be tlie Ling o D'Of 1'—Punch. TuElIonKERFA»iil.y.—We have been unable to trace the Homer family further than the corner into which we were driven when looking, after little Jack Horner, the cater of the Christmas pie. PieB were not always eaten nt Christinas; but a correspondent, dating from Buenos , Ay res,, near Margate, suggests that a magpie may have been the pie alluded to. A WOMAN Ilvrrn.—Among Cavendish's (the celebrated chcmist) peculiarities was his excessive dislike of women. On the authority of an old inhabitant of Clapham, it is stated that Cavendish \vt)uld never see a female servant, and if nn unfortunate maid ever shewed herself she was instantlv dismissed. He was in tlie habit of ordering his dinner daily by a note which he led on the hall table, whcnce the housekeeper was to take it; and such was his horror of the sex, that having one day met a maid servant on the stairs. with a broom and a pail, lie immediately ordered q back staircase to be built.—Critic. Acnoss THE ATLANTIC.—Few tilings are more interesting in a strange and distant land—carrying you sooner into the hearts of the people, and giving you with them the position and familiarity of an old friend—thau to be able to talk to them about their old haunts at home. In one cottage the mistress was now a widow; she was from Devonshire, and had been many years before a servant to the incumbent of Linton, 1 spoke to her of Bidcford, and the Valley of Hocks and Ilfracombe. It was holding up to her a picture of old and happy days. " Oh, Sir!" she said, as I left her, "I do so like to hear about Ilfracombe and Combe Martin, and all them places." But a bvoad Lowland Scotch tongue, and a knowledge of Scottish localities, will make a man at home in a greater number of houses in New Brunswick than almost any other qualification which a Briton can possess; and I think I spoke more broad Scotch during my three months tour in New Brunswick than I had done during twenty years of my life before. On my previous tour on the St John River, as we wore driving through a new settlement, a farmer and his staff, who were culling oats, stopped to look at us. I was told that he had come from Paisley, so we pulled up to talk to him. " Would yo.u rather be stannin there or at the corner of the Causeyside?" I said to him. This unexpected allusion to his native place went straight to his heart. He stood for sometime without reply, and then said—" Ah, Sir, the Causeyside's abonny place." Those who know the kind of beauty possessed by the Cwseyside of JPaisley will understand how much'heart and home affection was expressed by this word " bonny."- Johnson's JVbtcs of North Anxcrica. Yovxg LOVE.—The Editor of the Buffalonian says he would as soon try to go to sea on a shingle, make a ladder of fog, chase a stream of lightning through a crab-apple orchard, swim the rapids of Niagara, or set Lake Erie on lire with lucil'er matches, as to thiuk of stopping two young persons from getting married, when they take it into their heads to do 