llflilttft. IRELAND UNDER PERSECUTION. (From the ' Weekly Despatch,' August 22.) With the usual easy modest assurance or all arrant quacks, the promoters of the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill are justifying the necessity of the wrong they have inflicted, by pointing to the natural resistance of the wronged. It is said of Uncle Ben that he was so sure a shot that whenever the opos sums saw the muzzle of his rifle they called out ' Dont waste your powder — we,ll come down and go into your bag quietly, since we know we must go there at any rate.' The Times is quite in dignant that a whole nation, and part of another, with British blood in their veins and Saxon notions in their heads, do not give up the ghost of their spiritual liberties on the mere issue from the queen's printers or a sneet or wnat, in tins case, may most literally be termed foot's cap. The leading Minister and the leading journal having been engaged a whole session in little else than stirring up the bigotry of Protestantism, and in sulting the rout party after party plnced in power on the pledge of giving effect to tliis law. The curry-powder Duke, a renegade to his faith, and an rfl'ender against the law of Parliament and tliu privileges of the House of Commons, has done his little possible to show the naked corruption of tL-* smaller agricultural boroughs, and to strengtheji the demand for their transfer to schedule A, by issuing his commands to the serfs of Arundel u- elect a more obsequious flunkey in the place of his own son (what a caricature of Brutus !); hut only to the effect of heaping disgrace on himself and his nominee, and drawing. upon the object of his spite the honour of the choice of an independens constituency. To sum up all, a common danger and a common affront have, for the first time, driven the English into the arms of the Irish Catholics, and a population in the three kingdoms of eight millions, firmly bound together by one faith and a mutual sense oi wrong, take the field against destracted counsels, and a divided and irresolute majority. Even the two rampant Protestants who contested Greenwich, were fain, to pocket bigotry whicn was found to be distasteful to the good , sense of Radical el3ctor3. In a w6«k the law is already openly and unhesitatingly detied, and the authority of the three estates i's kicked into the kennel, and dragged through the gutter. ' John Tuam Archbishop of Armagh,'' is a signature published in every city of Ireland, and to be found eren in the columns of the Tirne$. ' Paul Cullen, Archbishop, Primate of all Ireland/' with his sign manual, ' boldly dashes through tho Act of Parlioment. The crazy Orangemen are again as rampant and riotous as in tue palmiest day* of the Roden era ; and all tlm is the Sessions whole work of a man who aspires to the character of the capacity to govern those islands. Is it necessary to predicate the consequences? Need we say that no Irish jury will convict under this statue? Need we add, that a verdict of acquittal would be eveu the least embarrassing result .to the Government ? It is, indeed, most strange that the merest potter ing politicians, the wretchedest red-tape .Quidnuncs; that ever held the seal of office, have not even yet discovered ths significance of Burke's proposition, that you cannot bring an indictment against a whole nation. If all the houses in Ireland were jails, they could uot hold the number who were willing to become martyrs. If all the army were jailers, there would not be enough to turn the key* upon the millions who are ready ,to become prisoners. The common sense or justice in the . English people secretly whispers to them that an Archbishop, chosen and acknowledged as such by a whole people, wears the title of an infinitely better right, in reason as well as equity, than a Beresford or a Lee — the creature of Orange ascendaneyj thrust into a fat living by the force of conquest, or the cure of tithe-pig bacon, in default of a cure of souls. And for what sort of Protestantism, and who are fhe Bishops on whose behalf this English nation is dragged into a quarrel with its neigh hour and fellow-subjects ? A house divided against itself — men presented to the nation by the State as the only orthodox hierarchy, and who are all ignoring each other's titles, disclaiming each other's authority, .excommunicating, exorcising, calling each other heretics. Hampden repudiated by his brother bishop of Oxford and his own Dean and Chapter — Canterbury disclaimed by Exeter as his metropolitan — Exeter, in turn, ignored by his own clergy. The one half accused bv the other . of being Papists in disguise ; the one calling Rome a branch of the true Church — another execratiug it as anti-Christ. flere Bristol and Gloucester kidnaps the Horiield estute ; there the Bishop of Llandalf lets out consecrated ground for the per formance of a strolling company of tumblers— gets himself elected on the profession of proficiency in Welsh, and keeps a*vay from bis diocese altogether to prevent his utter ignorance of the language from being found out, and yonder stands the Bishop of Saint David's playing at hattledoor and slmtth- - cook with Archdeacon Williams, in the way of banging ' the lioM from ??jivi to another, with a* little 'ceremony as a couple of ballast heavers in a Newcastle 'collier; and in the background maybe ween in.persneetKfc, the Bishop, Dean, and Chapter ?of Iioche.Hmr, detected with their hands in the ?very pocket or' charity, breaking their faith and ;Jrust to the dead, who charged them to he honest ?Bnd confided in their honour, filling their own 'purses with the spoil of the ignorant and the needy :and compassing' the ruin of the meritorious ?citizen who found them out. ' The3e be your ^rods; 0 ?? llomans !' For this we are to stop the unwtird progress of Irish regeneration ; to double our army,, and swell the burden of our taxes ; to foment distraction iimong our subjects ; to divide a house iinainst itself ; to cool our friends, warm oiu- enemies, and peril even a civil war : or reduce the force of our laws to the authonty_QLap_iace_of pareh merit, of no more account than the sheep skin of it drum, fit only to make a noise with, or beat to arms. When the minister who has brought u» to this our Hobson's choice of statesmen, it is xinie we made up our minds to save the salaries .«of office, Mud try to get on without a government at all. -..',? ? A corrcapmidend informs us that an English £p.ntlunian, ' who had lodged the large sum of £62,000 with his agents, for the purpose of purchasing property in Ireland, under the Encum bered ^states Court, has withdrawn that sum and -ieciined to , invest it thus, on account of Mr. White's murdeiv — Leinster Express We.are informed, on what should be very good authority, that a letter hos been received at Dublin Castle, from Lord John Russell, intimating that it jsnot tjie intention of the Government to institute sjuiy; prosecution against the offending bishops. — 'fab'et. 'The tide of emigration is still flowing wide, deep, and as strong, as ever. Week after week, Jind day after day, the fatal drain is going on.' — Vork JJJicam'ner. It is rumoured that Mr. Justice Perrin is about to retire, upon a promise of promotion for two of his sons in their respective professions. The vacant Justiceship of -the Queen's Bench is to be filled by the elevation of Mr. Hatchell, and the Attorney-Generalship thus vacated is to be assumed by the Right Hon. llichard Wilson Greene, Q. C, Mr. Hughes still continuing toehold Ins present oflice of Solicitor-General. 