FAITH OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS. "We believe in God. the eternal Father, and his Son Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost. " We believe men will be punished for their own sins, and not for Adam's transgressions. "We believe that through the atonement of Christ all mankind may be saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel. " We believe that these ordinances are:—1st, Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. 2nd, Repentance. 3rd, Baptism by immersion for the remission of sins. 4th, Laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Spirit. 5th, the Lord's Supper. " We believe that men must be called of God by inspiration, and by laying on of hands by those who are duly commissioned to- preach the Gospel, and administer in the ordinances thereof. "We believe in the same organization that existed in the primitive Church, viz.:—apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists, &e.; "We believe in the powers and gifts of the everlasting Gospel, viz., the gift of faith, discerning of spirits, prophecy, revelation, visions, healing, tongues and the interpretation of tongues, wisdom, charity, brotherly love, &c.; "We believe in the Word of God recorded in the Bible ; we also believe the Word of God re corded in the Book of Mormon, and in all other good books. " We believe all that God has revealed; all that he does now reveal; and we believe that he will yet reveal many more great and important things per taining to the Kingdom of God, and Messiah's second coming. "We believe in the literal gatheringof Israel, and in the restoration of the ten tribes ; that Zion will be established upon the western continent ; that Christ will reign personally upon the earth a thousand years ; and that the earth will be renewed, and receive him in its paradisaical glory. 11 We believe in the literal resurrection of the body, and that the dead in- Christ will rise first, and that the rest of the dead live not again until the thousand years are expired. " We claim the privilege of worshipping Al mighty God according to the dictates of our con science unmolested, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how or where they may. " We believe in being subject to kings, queens, presidents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law. " We believe in being honest, true, chaste, tem perate, benevolent, virtuous, and upright, and in doing good to all men; indeed, we may say that we follow the admonition of Paul, we' believe all things,' we ' hope all things,' we have endured very many things, and hope to be able to 'endure all things.' Everything virtuous, lovely, praiseworthy, and of good report, we seek after, looking forward to the 'recompense of reward. - —From the Mormons or Latter-Day Saints. 