SYDNERY POLICE COURT — FRIDAY (Before the Police Magistrate.) ........... A SAILOR — Ann Gayner alias Sheors, was placed at the bar, charged with stealing a watch and appendages, valued at 7I, from the person of Frederick Penns, seaman belonging to the Dove, schooner. Constable Fahey deposed, that be went in search of the prisoner, and met her at midnight in the street. She had the watch and chain then before the Court, suspended from her neck. She denied having stolen the watch, which she assorted the sailor had put around her neck. Frederick Penns, a stout, rough looking ..., stated that he met the girl at an eating house in King-street, about two o'clock on Thursday, af- ternoon. He sent out for some oysters and grog, and gave the prisoner three and sixpence to pay for them. She asked him what o'clock it was, and he took his watch from hi neck, and handed it to her to look at the time. She went down Stairs. This was between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and prosecutor saw no more of her until midnight when in custody. Mr. Nichols addressed the Bench on behalf of the prisoner, contending that it would be useless to send the case before a jury, as the inevitable result must be, that she would be acquitted, for it was evident that the prosecutor had kept back some of the circumstances of the case, and if the unfortunate girl had really stolen the watch, she had ample time, to make away with it, instead of which it was found round her neck at midnight, when it was said to have been stolen at six in the evening. Indeed, it appeared that both the pro- secutor and the girl had been indulging in drink and scarcely knew what they were doing. The Police Magistrate considered it a duty incumbent on him to send the Case before a jury and com- mitted the prisoner for trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions, which commence on the 10th of this month, hail being allowed, the prisoner in £50, and two sureties in £25 each. HIRED SERVANT'S ACT. —Mary Broadrick, a re- spectable looking young female, was charged with absenting from her hired service. Inspector Singleton deposed, that about four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, he apprehended the prisoner by virtue of a warrant produced, and signed by J.T. Morriset, for absenting from tho service ol' Mr. Henry Butler, of Bathurst. The Inspector knew her, as she had travelled with him in the mail from Bathurst : when he apprehended her she said that she would not go back, that she would sooner drown herself. Messrs. Nichols and Brenan were retained for the defence. Mr. Nichols raised an objection that there was a pro- vis in the clause of the Masters and Servants Act, under which the case was tried, that no female servant could be committed to gaol. The bench could not remand her to Bathurst without committing her to gaol, and common sense must show that if it was con- trary to law to commit her to gaol after conviction, it was still more illegal to commit her to gaol before conviction. The Police Magistrate said that it was a very hard case for a mistress — a widow, for instance — who, if unable to pay her servant's wages, was liable to be committed to prison. Mr. Nichols replied that it was a far greater hardship for a decent virtuous girl like his client to be placed in a den like the prisoners' dock, among common prostitutes, thieves, drunkards, and persons of the most degraded description, charged with offences against de- cency, and to be looked up all night in that filthy receptacle called the female watch-house, among such characters, in a place not fit for a dog to live in, and it was a wonderful thing that some distemper did not break out in the city, from the unwholesome nature of that building. lt ap- peared that the young woman came to Sydney in company with a gentleman to whom she was attached, for the purpose of getting married, when her quondam fellow traveller, Inspector Singleton, demonstrated to her mortification and anguish the truth of the proverb, that "the course of true love never runs smooth." The Police Magistrate said that he would take time to consider Mr. Nichols' objection Mr. Nichols said that that clause bad been inserted in the Act, through the instrumentality of the late Mr. Windeyer, because an orphan girl who was com- mitted to gaol, and was being marched through the country in charge of a constable, was criminally assaulted, and four men were sentenced to death for violating her person. The Police Magistrate, after some consideration, said, that the point: raised was a very perplexing one. The Act expressly stated, that no female was to be committed to prison, under the Masters and Servants Act, and if he remanded her to the Bench at Bathurst, she would be sent from one lock-up to another. He felt that he must discharge her—he trusted he was not acting unjustly to other parties, and he felt that he was acting conscientiously. The young woman was then liberated from custody. STEALING' STONEMASON'S TOOLS . — Thomas Fitz- gerald, of Balmain, was charged with stealing a pick and a hammer, valued at ten shillings, the property of Pattisson Evans. Tim prosecuter was employed at the Haymarket, and used to leave his tools at night in a sort of sentry box. One morning he found the place broken open and several of his own and other persons' tool stolen. He found the pick produced exposed for sale at the shop of a dealer named Lockwood, who immediately produced the hammer, and stilted that he purchased the articles from Fitgerald. Constable Turner apprehended Fitzgerald, who was committed for trial at the ensuing Quarter: Sessions. Bail allowed prisoner in £50, and two sureties in £25 each. STEALING WEARING APPAREL.—Mary Griffen, was charged with stealing a basket containing wearing apparel, valued at £1, the property of a German named Deale. Mrs. Deale stated, that she came to Sydney in the Thistle steamer, and put up at a lodging-house in Sussex-street. The prisoner took away the basket and its contents, which were found in her possession. The prisoner cried bitterly in the Court, protesting that she was the dupe of a woman who asked her to assist in carrying the basket for her, and who ran away. when she saw the prosecutor's wife coming. She was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions, but allowed bail, herself in £50, and two sureties in 25I .each. ALL-USING A WIFE AND FAMILY — A man named William Burke, was placed at the bar, charged with having, during several years past, been in the habit of beating and ill-using his wife, espe- cially on the 24th of last month, when his con- duct Was so violent, that she was compelled to By for refuge with their infant children, and now sought the protection of the Bench. The poor women presented a most woe-begone appearance in the witness box-her face being lacerated and bruised, which she attributed to the violence of her husband. She had two fine children with her in Court. The defendant was in the habit of earning £2 per week, and the Bench ordered him to pay for two years into the hands of In- spector Higgins, the weekly allowance of fifteen shillings, towards the maintenance of his wife and children. ASSAULT. — Ann Calmer, a woman of ill-fame was charged with assaulting Mary Ann Williams, a married woman of respectable appearance, residing In Castlereagh-street, on the 28th of last month. The complainant appeared in the wit- ness box with a very young infant in her arms, and her upper lip was strapped with plaister owing to a wound which the defendant had in- flicted with a stone. It appeared from the evi- dence of the complainant, and of Mrs. Boyle, that the defendant lived near them, and on the day named in the information she was drunk and quarrelling with a man who cohabited with her. She came into the complainant's yard, and. without any provocation, commenced throw- ing large stones, several of which were produced in Court. Complainant requested her to desist, for fear she should strike some of her children. The de- fendant replied that she would strike her also, and flung a stone which indicted a severe wound on her lip. Mr. Cory appeared for the defendant, and cross-examined the complainant and her wit- ness, but Without eliciting any fact in favour of his client. In the course of the cross- examina- tion Mrs. Boyle said that her husband was at the diggings, but he sent her ample maintenance. The Police Magistrate congratulated her upon her good fortune in having a husband who sup- plied her with means, as he was sorry to say that many husbands went to the diggings who grossly neglected their wives, leaving them to be a bur- don on the charitably disposed, .or to sink into infamy. A witness, named Glover, who co- habited with the defendant, came forward in her defence, but his evidence was immaterial, The beiwb looked upon the «ssaiilt ac ooo of an ag- gravated nature, »udvset>teticed the dufendant io I my a Ano of £9, together «lt!» 4*> ed- cost», or in default to bo imprisoned, during fourteen I days, SATUIWAT. , (Before tho Police Magistrate.) XiaoER MKLODIKS-A fino looking colourcl mau, dressed as a sailor, and who stated that his narnu was Bill Jacob, was charged by policeman A 17, with creating a disturbance in George street, outside the White Horse Tavern, on Friday night. The defendant-was in liquor, and com- menced what tho-''- policeman culled furious dancing, accompanied by yells and gesticulations, . which , " would have dons honor ' to a Mohawk Indian, nnd which astonished the juvenile natives of Sydney, irho flocked together in great numbers to witness Bill's gratuitous performances. Mr. A 17, told Xigger Bill to des:st and quit the streets, but he danced nil thc sprightlier, and shouted the louder, until his cn|>crs were cut by his confinement in the watch-house. Tho Police Magistrate enquired Who the defendant was, and whence he caine. " Tm a sailor man," replied the good-humoured darkie, "arid 1 bolong to tho schooner Mary Ann. Wc sail'to Newcastle this evening. Mustn't dance iu Sydney 1 Well, that beat's Sam Slick, and he beat his grandfather.'1 The defendant was sentenced to pay u fino of half a orown, which ho did sud departed. ' '. ',-'. ' " THE . IlAUNTF.n HOUSE.-A stout, ruddy com- plexioned tar, belonging to the Roderick Dhu, was placed at the .bar, having been given into the custody ol'tho police on Friday night, by Inspec- tor Darley, of the Mounted.Police, -for throwing stones at .his horse, - and obstructing him in the execution of his duty.' J. M'Leric,-Esq., Super- intendent of Police, stated, that in consequence of information given to him, he went about eight, P.M., on Frhlny, to an old dilapidated house be- longing to Mr. Wilshire, situated in George- street South; A liont three ttioussnd pomona were col- lected around tho pince, having been brought to- gether by. u report that n ghost was in the build- ing. . Witness entered the house, and saw some litrhts, which had been thrown in by some mis- chievous boy. Tho defendant was emerging from the premises, irhcn witness apprehended him, but upon discovering that lie was a sailor, he let him jo, thc defendant promising that ho would go'to his ship. The defendant was subsequently ap- prehended for seizing tho reins of Inspeotor Har- ley's hors», and for obstructing the- Inspector in the execution of his duty. Tho populace spread a report that a ghost was to be seen at one of the . windows. Witness went to thc rear of the build- ing, and saw about a dozen ghosts. , The p: isoner was one of the. persons acting the part of a ghost. Inspecte""- Darley was called, but Uta not ap|M>ar. Tho commander*of the Rhoderick Dhu came into Court, nnd expressed considerable anxiety on ! be- half of the defendant, who had. far more of » bodily than ghostly appearance. The Police Magistrate, told., the defendant, that he had a very narrow escape- any, poison found in that house for any unlawful purpose was liable to be sent to Cockatoo Island for two years under the Vagrant Act, and his Worship trusted that the Police would bring any person so offending before the Bench. His Worship also stated that he had received information that some thieves, mixing among the crown, had robbed a poor woman ot a quantity of washed clothes. His Worship then discharged the sailor, who walked off with Captain Malcolm of the Pede- rick Dhu. ROBBERY OP GOLD:—John Morley was placed at the bar by constable Tiing, of the Newcastle Water Polioe,: who stated that tho prisoner was given into his custody by tho Chief Constable of Newcastle. Ling produced ' a ' warrant, dated Avisford, March 23rd, 1852, and signed E. M. Howman, J. l\ In the warrant, the prisoner was charged with having stolen a quantity of gold, from John Deli, at Louisa creek. Tho constable further stated, that he knew the prisoner to be the person described in the warrant; having beon acquainted with him about tenyears. He had beon apprehended in Newcastle, and allowed bail, sub- sequently he had been allowed out .on his personal recognizance. The prisoner stated to the Hench that ho had been confined upon the present charge in Newcastle five or six' weeks. Tho Fo- liée Magistrate said that ho' had no alternative, but to remand the prisoner to the place . whence the warrant had beon issued--to Avisford, which is some now township at the diggings, but lie would admit him to bail if ho oôuld procuro it. 