CRIME IN ENGLAND. [From the Home News, March 24,1852.] The criminal records of the last fort- night are fuller than usual of horrors, the worst relating to the horrible sacrifices of illegitimate children. In one case a child is thrown by a farmer to his sow and eaten ; in another, a child is put into the fire by a stupid old profligate, from which its charred remains are extricated by the police ; and, in the third, two children are buried alive by an abandoned woman who is hired for the purpose, and receives a few shillings as the wages of her inexplicable barbarity. It has been well observed that, if we could present to view the full amount of child-murder in all its forms, including the anticipatory and preventive processes, we should exhibit a doomed population, vast in numbers, and where life is tasted most wretched in its condition. We defend property, we protect credit, wTe keep police to guard the respectable classes, but who shall protect the innocent against parents depraved by ignorance and by instincts thwarted rather than disci- plined ? Our moral code has the face of purity and the nether deformity of the Sphinx-it is the true giant Moloch of the age. Mary Hodgson, aged 31, was indicted, at York, on the 15th inst., for having en- deavored to conceal the birth of a child, by secretly burning the body ; and Richard Jaques, 76 years old, for aiding and abet- ting her. Jaques, who was a miner at Arncliffe, near Skipton, was the father of the child ; Mary Hodgson lived with him as his housekeeper, and was of weak in- tellect. They were both found guilty, and Mr Justice Cresswell sentenced the old man to a year's imprisonment, and the woman to three months. Jaques was removed protesting his innocence. Mr. Thomas Phillips, a farmer of Pent renaboth, in Brecknockshirs, is in custody on a charge of murdering his illegitimate child,by giving it to a sow, which devoured it ! The accusation was made by a dis- charged labourer, in consequence of a quarrel with Phillips ; but a boy corrobo- rated his statements. Williams, the accu- ser, deposed that, in March, 1850, he had reason to believe that Margaret Morgan, Phillips's servant, had given birth to - a child ; this infant the farmer threw to a savage sow; the sow- was eating the child when Williams came up. Phillips threa- tened to kil Williams if he divulged the matter. Margaret Morgan stood at the door of the house and saw the child devou- red. The woman was in court, and the magistrates now ordered her into custody. From a cross-examination it came out that Williams has a " delusion : " he believes that a ghost has lately carried him many miles across the country. This might ha- ve been useful for the prisoners ; but the boy, Thomas Davis, gave an intelligent straightforward corroboration of Willi» ams's evidence. The prisoners were re- manded, that more witnesses might be summoned. Some of these further witnes- ses have made depositions increasing the credibility of the charge. The prisoners were again remanded. John Phelan, a medical student, about 30 years of age, and son of a respectable resident at Cashel, was tried at the Clon- mel Assizes, for having, on the 25th of July-, 1850, incited Alice Minehan to mur- der an infant child, named John Phelan, and another indictment awaited him for procuring the same woman to murder an- other infant, named Mary Phelan. Alice Minehan was examined. She is a young woman, of vulgar appearance, dark coarse hair, red face, mean and pinched visage, but not marked with any peculiar charac- ter, She deposed that a man, named Dig gan, had first spoken to her on behalf of Phelan, who was the father of the children, asking her to take them to the poor-house, and pass them off as the children of her sister, who was married to a soldier, and had gone to foreign parts. Afterwards, Phelan spoke to her, and she agreed to make away with them, as he was afraid "they would be brought home to him." He promised her money. The children were twins, and about two month old. She took the girl first, one morning, at break of day, and carried it five miles from Cashel, to a ruined house, where she cove- red it with thatch. The child was then alive. The next day she took the boy about three miles from the town, to a sand- pit, and put a sod of earth over it. She agreed to murder them because the devil tempted her. The following answers were elicited on cross examination—: Did the child scream when you put it under the thatch?—It did not, for it was sleeping in my arms, (Sensation.) And when you saw the child sleeping in your arms, and when the prisoner was not there to influence you, you did not desist from your hellish purpose?—I did not. And that same evening you went back again to Diggan's and looked upon the other victim that you were to take out and murder in the morning—I did. When you covered the second child with the sods, where were the sods obtai- ned?—They were ready cut. How large was it?—Larger than the seat of the chair. Did that child cry?-— did not hear it. It was covered too well to cry. (A thrill of horror pervaded the court.) Amongst other appalling facts admitted without a blush by the miserable woman, was her licentious intercourse with the man who hired her. After the examination of other witnes- ses the case for the Crown closed. Mr. Meagher addressed the jury for Phelan, and submitted that the case was one depending solely upon the evidence of a prostitute and a murderess, and could any man for a moment rely upon a word she uttered?—No witnesses were called for the defence. The jury brought in a verdict of "Not guilty" and John Phelan was discharged. 