LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. "THE GOVERNOR GENERAL.- His Excellency and suite, accompanied by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, left Government House, Parramatta,on Thuisday morning en route for the Western Gold Fields. IN RE KORFF.-The points reserved upon this case were argued before the full Court yester- day. The Attorney-General, for the Crown, was opposed by Mr Foster and Mr Broadhurst. After a hard forensic fight of three hours' duration, the Conrt held that the anomalous verdict re- turned by the jury was tantamount to an ac- quittal. Mr Korff was therefore discharged from the liabilities I'm[posed upon him, in mis- take. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL - His Excellency the Governor-General, has prorogued the City Council, from the 27th April instant to the 8th June next. QUARANTINE.-Several cases of fever having occurred on board the sh'p " David McIvor " she has been placed under Quarantine. IMPORTANT.- The Government has offered a reward of Twenty Pounds to any free person who shall give such information as will lead to the apprehension and conviction of the parties who are suspected of having maliciously set on fire, the Steam Flour Mill, at Singleton, belonging to Mrs M. A. Burdeken, on thc 13th February last. If the person giving such in- formation be prisoner of the Crown, he will be rewarded with a conditional pardon. VERY POPULAR.-Macfarren's brautiful ballad. " I'm a-lone," is making ¡ts way in Syd- ney. It is a debt justly due to it to mention that "I'm a-lone" can be had at all the pawn- brokers' shops in the metropolis. The banks also issue copies of it to Directors and Dives, but to none others. MEDICAL PRACTITIONERS.-The follow- ing gentlemen, having submitted the necessary testimonials to the President and Members of the New South Wales Medical Board, the Board has declared them to be entitled to be deemed legally qualified medical practitioners : \- Charles Bowman Alexander, M D.; Joseph Burgon, Sydney; Edward Connor Cornelius, William Davidson, John Grant, David Little, Charles M Ray, M.D. ; James Sheriffs, George West, Arthur David White, M.D. ; George Witt. M.D. A PIECE OF DEVILARY.-It is now announced to the world at large that a number of printers' devils are in the habit of invading the premises of Mr. J. T. Snooze night after night, and caterwauling there to a frightful ex tent. They term themselves serenaders and musicians, but they produce nothing but discord in the house. The servant gals go out -the fire follows their example ; the water won't boil; the cat eats the candles-that is-the lights ; the black- beetles play - and Tommy with the white bread ; the missus explodes like gunpowder, and the gals get a blowing up. Un- less these young gents, cease their chauntings and refrain from their experiences they will find a magisterial chord struck, and a most unplea- sant strain played, CALLAGHAN'S ACTS OF COUNCIL.-We havo to acknowledge the receipt of the 5th sup- plement to this invaluable work, for which we are indebted to the learned editor, through his pubisher, Mr William Baker of Parramatta street. This edition of the Statute Law is ad- mitted on all hands to be one of the most useful referential publications of the day, and the abi- lity of its compiler keeps equal pace with his application to the arduous task he is so success- fully prosecuting. MRS A. MOORE'S CONCERT-We have barely space to invite the notice of our musical readers to the entertainment announced by this accom- plished lady for Thursday evening next, at the Royal Hotel. As Miss Laser, Mrs Moore was no stranger to the Sydney public some years ago. THE BOTANY FETE.-The enterprising spirit of Measrs Beaumont and Waller in catering for the tastes of the public on Easter Monday, was, we are happy to say, fully appreciated. Not withstanding the threatening aspect of the sky, and the rain of the previous day, the gardens were crowded. THE OLYMPIC CIRCUS. - This favorite place of entertainment goes on swimmingly. Throughout the week overflowing audiences have manifested their approbation of the talent which was nightly placed before them. The bills announce 'A Bottle Trick - a Trick Pony, and various other wonderful tricks," and we are happy to mention that Mesess. Ashton and Card?es are doing the £. s. d. trick - a trick worth all the tricks in the world. Their cut out for Monday and Tuesday is first-rate; there is not a bit of trickery about it; would we could say as much of a would-be rival establishment. PROBLEM.-Given the rate of a first class locomotive, to find the City and Lighting Rate. ROBBERY.-Between the hours of nine o'clock on Thursday night and seven yes- terday morning, the hnuso of Mr Edwin Hayes, tailor, Parramatta-street, was entered by some thief or thieves, and articles of wearing appa rel of several pounds' value, were feloniously abstracted therefrom. WATER POLICE-OFFICE.--John Little wood. and Lionel C. Goldsmid, the first and second officers of the ship Neptune, were yes- terday fully committed to take their trials at the next Court of Quarter Sessions, far a felonious assault upon one Thomas Headman, ordinary seaman, committed on board the said ship. Bail was allowed. - lt is said that civil actions will also be brought against the parties. MERELY AN INFLUENCE.-Mr - advertises for a Billiard Table. We presume he wants something green to play upon. NOVEL ANNOUNCEMENT.--The Rev. Dr Brayham, formerly head Master of the Sydney College, is desirous of receiving into the bosom of his family a youth of studious habits, who has quitted the nursery, thrown off the long togs, assumed the togs virilis and wants to matricu- late for the University of Sydney. " He-(the Rev. Dr H.) promises the youth (whoever he may be) a cold, airy climate, and one long vaca- tion in the year. We cannot see how a cold area will give a youth attic salt nor how one long vacation in the year will afford him much leisure for learning. ADVANCED PHOTOGRAPHY.-Mr Norrie announces (vide advertisement) that he will, in an incredibly short space of time, produce per- fect likenesses of parental groups, including children, from one to three guineas. This, really, is a move in the right direction : far su- perior to all the post mortems we ever heard of. VERY APPROPRIATE-It is reported that the Melbourne pirates of the 8000 ounces gold seizure gave the following toasts over the Cap- tain's Champagne - " May we ne'er want a friend , nor a bottle to give him.''-" May the difference of opinion never halter friends-ship.'' CON. EXTRAORDINARY.-Why is the sire of two adult male scions like a creator of ladies' dresses? Because he's a man-two-maker. \- (This con. must be excused ; it was manu- factured in the bustle of business.) Why was Hamlet not afraid of his father's ghost ? - Because he was not particular to a shade. Why do the Israelites mutter so strong in the Isle of dogs ?-Because it is the land of Canine. What other relation does a sailor possess be- sides his Father Neptune ? - His Aunt-Arctic, to be sure. THE QUADRUPLE ALLIANCE.-The little town of Liverpool was thrown into convulsions on Tuesday by the announcement that Robert Williams, Esq , had taken a fourth better half to his bosom. At the conclusion of the " ringing" ceremony, a whole peal of belles echoed their approbation. A beautiful spread was placed upon the social board, of which many partook ; the happy pair then retired to rest to the music sof tin kettle drums, marrowbones and cleaver.., &c.;, &c.;, &c.; The music, or something else, however, became discordant, and produced cer- tain family jars, the settlement of which will call for the aid of the Bench of Magistrates on Tuesday next. The bridesmaids have been subpoenaed to attend and give evidence. THE VICTORIA. - The Extravaganza produced on Monday and Tuesday nights at the Victoria, was so highly spoken of that we antici- pated a feast corresponding with the many luxu- rious ones with which we have been treated by the brothers Brough. To speak candidly, we were disappointed. The jokes throughout are " stale, flat, and unprofitable," at least so they appeared to our-perhapsover particular palate ; and beyond the appropriateness of costume and scenery, we saw nothing to admire-certainly nothing to commend. That the piece would rend amusingly we can allow, but it does not tell, except in a stray point or two upon the boards. Its inferiority to the Enchanted Isle, and to Camaraleman and Baours will not, we imagine, be disputed. To sum up in a few words, our opinion-it is a kind of bastard pro- geny of the twain. To say that it drew plaudits from a crowded house on Monday is no criteri- on whereon to pronounce a favourable verdict upon its intrinsic merit. As an Easter spec- tacle it was doubtless well received ; but we could have wished a happier selection. On Wednesday the Opera of " Guy Mannering " was produced to a tolerably well- filled circle, followed by a pas de deux by Miss Fanny Grif- fiths and Signor Carandini, the entertainments concluding with the excellent Farce of " An Irish Engagement." in which Mr Belfield shines a great " star"-fish upon his own hook. " NORMA" was again the great attraction on Thursday night, and the plaudits of a fashion- able house unequivocally testified to its success \- a result which must amply repay the talented artistes for their persevering and studious ap- plication to the overcoming of its numerous and complicated difficulties. AUSTRALIAN GOLD ADVENTURERS- A few gentlemen, negotiating to charter a steamer for the voyage (expected to be eight or nine weeks performing it), having calculated the expense of a limited party, with amplest and best kind of victualling, medical advice, and necessary comforts, will register applications from respectable persons to join, at £50 each. Special arrangements will be made for married persons. Address, post free, G , 53 Moorgate street. - Times. Nov 29. KIAMA -The Governor-General has appointed Thomas Fowler to be Bailiff or Town Constable for the township of Kiama. MICILAGE QUEENBEYAN. - A public Pound has been established at the village Reserve of Micilage, in the police district of Queanbeyan. MR. HELY'S PAKTY -The expedition in search of Dr Leichardt, started from Darling Downs last week, having left Gowrie, the station of Messrs H. E. and F. N. Isaac, on yesterday week. Mr Hely had been detained chiefly through the mules, which had given some trouble. He proposed to go on from Jordarynn the next station, to Mr Gogg s station, on the river Condamine, to which point a portion of his supplies was being kindly conveyed by Mr. Assistant Surveyor Bagot. After fixing a de- pot somewhere in this direction Mr Hely would proceed on his search. -Moreton Bay Courier April 6. FOUND DROWNED-Messrs Fenni- more and Crawford, tide-waiters in the Custom: department, were yesterday found drowned in the harbour. The inquest, we suppose, will be held to-day, when such particulars of the melan- choly event as the police shall have been ena- bled to gather, will be made public. EVENING INSTITUTION.-It affords us much pleasure in drawing attention to the advertisement of Mr Frost, announcing that gentleman's intention of opening an evening school for instruction in the goneral rudiments of an English education. This is a step in the right direction. The premises selected aer centrally situated, being directly opposite St Andrew's' Church; and we heartily wish pros perity may attend the labors of both teacher and pupils. UNPARALLELED EQUESTRIAN FEAT.-One of the items of weekly chit-chat kindly con- veyed to us by the Nelson telegraph last even- ing, was that he had recently "taken a drive out to New-town on horseback." We forgot to enquire whether our friend drove " post baste." TRANSPORTATION.-The " Tasma- nian Chronicle" says - " We have been inform red, on the very best authority, that his Excel- lency the Lieutenant-Governor has received despatches from Earl Grey, per the Aboukie prison ship, announcing his Lordship's fixi determination to continue the transportation of< prisoners to Van Diemen's Land. We give the intelligence without further comment than that his Lordship seems to be determined to per severe in his headlong career of policy, which is destructive in the best interests of the British Empire." [The Aboukie, 810 tons, Carvel commander, From London Town and Plymouth 29th Decembei last, arrived at Hobart Town on the 20th ultime, with 270 male prisoners, most of whom hold the indulgence of a ticket-of-leave.) EASTER GAMBOLS.-On Monday a ball and supper tnok place at Mr Planner's, the re spected landlord of the Mayor Inn. Pitt-street. The company was numerous and select, and spirit of harmony pervaded the evening. The feet of the dancers kept pace with the enliven- ing strains of the musicians, and polka, waltz, quadrille, and country dance succeeded each other. Every species of refreshment was pro- vided for the occasion, and the Terpsiohorea votaries kept up the game with untired energies till the small hours of the morning. The worthy host is entitled to the greatest praise for his fore- thought and exertions in doing every thing for the comfort of his guests, "Flanner forever," was, is, and ought to be the general cry. With his hospitable principles and knowledge of business he must succeed. This is our prophecy ; and by the way, we are not bad prophets. THE HINT POLITE.-" I dare not remain longer in your company, gentlemen, lest you should be ' taking the off' in your publication tomorrow," remarked one of our Friday night bores, last evening. "Perhaps If you were to take yourself off," and save us the trouble, it would be more satisfactory,'' growled," one of ears" from a neighbourhood desk. THE GREAT NEW-TOWN CASE. To get another trial Pits incline; But what the issue, I cannot Divine. How paradoxical it doth appear, A difference should be where there is A-Greer Sruris. BYE BLOWS.-" What a flinty-hearted man Fred O'Donnell must be to have struck a Spark," observed a by-stander at the Police office on Thursday. "Yes," rejoined another, " his breast was steel-ed to every feeling of humanity." " But was not Sparks first struck by his portrait head over heels in Fred's bar ?" asked a third. " Of course he was," replied the former, "and he merely counter-ed in retalia- tion." APPOINTMENTS GAZETTED.-His Excellency the Governor General has been pleased to appoint the undermentioned gentle- men to be magistrates of the territory and its dependencies, viz.: - Walter Ballot, Esq, of Gwendolin?, Mooney River ; James William Bligh. Esq, of Bathurst; John Brewster. Esq, of Rose Vale. Moleton Bay ; John William Chisholm, Esq, of Mummell, Goulburn; Ar- thur Thomas Piggott Cutting, Esq, of Sofala, Turon; Charles Fitzsimmins Esq, of Gorah, Liverpool Plains : Norman Leigh Hay, Esq, of Gigoomgan, Wide Bay ; William Hum- phreys, Esq, of Wetheron, Gavndah ; Robert Huntley, Esq, of Balmain; Francis Robert Chester Master, Esq, of Gladfield, Warwick ; Henry Moreing, Esq, of Araluen ; Christopher M'Rae, Esq, of Beeanba and Warrina, District of Bligh ; Bourne Russell, Esq, of Maitland ; Samuel Smith, Esq. of Mulgunnia; Francis Durell Viignohs, Esq, of Drayton; Alfred Delves Broughton, Esq. Medical appoint- ment-Arthur Savage. Esq, R.N, to be a Member of the Medical Board of New South Wales. Inspectors of Distilleries - Mr John Proctor, chief constable, at Wellingrove ; Mr George Alcock, chief constable, at Cassino ; Mi James Purslose, chief constable, at Hartley and Sergeant Major John Grier, of Sofala Turon. 