THE NEW UNDER SECRETARY. (From the Times, October 27. J At this time of the year therjg is usually as strong an expectation of a change in the Ministry, that something is absolutely neces sary in order to prevent a dangerous degree of disappointment. It is not, indeed, in our power to announce an extensive reconstruc tion of the Cabinet, or indeed, anv alteration in the Cabinet at all, besides the two addi tional members of whom our readers are already informed; but, as we are informed by a Ministerial organ, a change of not less importance has taken place in the second rank of the public service. The Right Hon. Lawrence Sulivan, after serving his country with, credit for more, than forty years, has retired with a pension from the place of De puty Secretary at , War, .aud into that peaceful haven has retired f'r.oai the storms of the Colonial ,- Office, . that .) most : ; excellent and ?amiable gentleman, M r. Benjamin Ha wet?. tWe are ,quite;sure that the. publicin general, ? whatever .their opinions, arid whether ahey have, colonial property or not,, w ill XRJoieo to hsar that a. man o'r such , exemplary good temper, so;strori'g.a sense of. duty,' and, such unwearied, diligence, has effected his escape ' .put , of -Purgatory,- ;rather .sooner porhapa than yuy member of the Colonial Office had n right fo expect. In bis present position be will be able to effect important adminis trative reforms, without raising the ghosts of a Canadian dynasty, without bringing down ... on the unfortunate colonies the vengeance of ?tleki or Samlilli, without throwing a tropical Legislature tnto a permanent state of revolt, or meeting in every street the haggard and threadbare victims of an inconsistent philan thropy. Mr. Hawes has our heartiest con gratulation on his escape from the combined operation of buy plagues — tor that is about the number of our colonies — each of them sufficient to rob any man for ever of sleep. Mr. Hawes' successor in the Colonial Office is Mr. Frederick Peel, who thus enters ' office much as his father did before him, with some little difference to be smoothed over , between himself and his colleagues. That difference in this instance is one more of association than feeling or opinion. No point can be mentioned that we are aware of, in which Mr. F. Peel, inheriting,, as we sup pose him to do, the political views of his father in their latest stage of development, is not perfectly at accord with her Majesty's present advisers. The memory of the parent *?- will impart to this change the appearance of a coalition ; and if there be a Peel party, and Mr.'F. Peel is at itshead, a coalition of some sort undoubtedly there is, but it is a coalition which rather sets the seal on the past than throws any light' on the future. In follow ing his roughshod rider in the Colonial Office Mr. Frederick Peel will have little spare strength or time to revert to the great ques ' tions that divide party from party. As the only chance permitted to the unfortunate colonies,, and the only bit of new blood intro duced into a Government, which had done nothing hitherto but breed in and in, we beg to tender to Mr. Frederick Peel our very best wishes, praying, in particular that he may be more successful than his predeces sors for the last fifty years. 