THE BLOODY CARTRIDGE. A TALE. So stand* rho Thracian spearman and bis spear Tull ja the gap, and hopes the hunted b ar; .And hears him in the rustling wood, and sees Ilia cuume at distance by the bending "trees ; And thinks-Here «ornes my mortal euemy, Aud either he must fall in fight or I. UBÏDEN*S l'alamon andAreiU. If ay, never «bake tl y gory lucks at me; Thou ernst not ssv 1 did it ! Macbeth. IT was on a fine summer morning, some- where about four o'clock, when I wakened from my night's rest, and was about think- ing to bestir myself, that I heard the sound of voices in the kail-yard stretching sooth from our back windows. I listened-and I listened-and I better listened-and still the sound of the argle-bargling became more distinct, now in a flceching way, and «ow in harsh angry tones, as if some quarrelsome disagreement had taken place. I had not the comfort of my wife's company in this dilemmy; she being away, three days before, on the top of Tammie Trundle the carriers cart, to Lauder, on a visit to her folks there ; her mother (my gude mother like) having for some time been ill with an income in her leg, which threatened to make a lameter of her in her old age, the two doctors there-not speaking of the blacksmith and sundry skeeiy oM women \--being able to make nothing of the busi- ness ; so nobody happened to be with me in the room saving wee Benjie, who was lying asleep at the back of the bed, with his little Kilmarnock on bis head, as sound as a top. Nevertheless I looked for my clothes; and, opening one half of the win- dow shatter, I saw four young birkies, Well dressed-indeed three of them cus- tomers of my own-all belonging to the town ; two of them young doctors, one of them a writer's clerk, and the other a grocer. The whole appeared yery fierce and fearsome, like turkey-cocks ; swagger- ing about with warlike arms as if they had been the king's dragoons; and priming a pair of pistol*, which one of the surgeons, a spirity, outspoken lad. Mais ter Blister, was holding in his grip. I jealoused at once what they were after, being now a wee up to fire-arms ; so I saw that scaith was to come of it ; and that 1 -would be wanting in my duty on four heads, -first, as a -Christian ; seeond, as a man ; third, as a subject ; and fourth, as a father, if I withheld myself from the sceae ; nor lifted up my voice, however fruitless, against such crying iniquity as the wanton letting out of human blood; so forth I hastened, half dressed, with my stockings rolled up to my thighs over my corduroys, and my old hat above my cowl, to thc kail-yard of contention. T was just in the nick of time; and my presence checked the effusion of blood for « little-but wait a wee. So high and forions were at least three of the party, that I saw it was catching water in a sieve to waste words on them, knowing as clearly os the sun serves the world, that interced- ing would be of no avail. Howsoever, I made a feint, and threatened to bowl away for a magistrate, if they would not desist from their barbarous and bloody purpose ; but i'fegs, I had better have kept my coun- sel till it was asked for. *' Tailor Mansie," blustered out Maister j Thomas Blister with a furious cock of bis eve-he was a queer Eirish birkie, come over for his education-"since jou have -ventured to thrust your nose, ma vourneen," «aid be, " where nobody invited ye, you must just stay," added he, "and abide the consequences. This is an affair of honour, you take, don't ye ? and if ye venture to -stir one foot from the spot, och then, ma bouchai," said he, " by the poker of St. Patrick, but whisk through ye goes one of these leaden playthings, as sure as ye ever -spoiled a coat or cabbaged broadcloth ! Ye have come out, ye observe,-hark ye," said be, "and are art and part in the businefs; and if one, or both of the principals bc >killed, poor devils," said he, " we are all .liable to take our trial before the Justiciary <3ourt, hark ye ; and by the powers," said he, '* I doubt not but, oa proper considera- tion maohee, that they will allow us to get off merciful, on this side of swinging, by a verdict of manslaughter- and be hanged ^io them !" rOd, I found myself immediately in a scrape; but how to get oat of it baffled tty gumption. It set me all a shivering; yet I thought that, come the worst when it should, they surely would not hang the father of s helpless small family, that had nothing but his needle for their support, .if I made a proper affidavy, about having ?tried to make peace between the youths. So, conscience being a brave supporter, I abode in silence, though not without many -queer and qualmish thoughts, and a pit patting of the heart, not unco-pleasant in ¿the tholing. u Blood and wounds !" bawled Maister Thomas Blister, " it would be a disgrace for ever on the honourable profession of physic," egging on poor Maister Willy Magneezhy, whose face was as white as j double-bleached linen, ** to make an apology for sucb an insult. Arrah, my honey ! you not fit to doctor a cat,-you not fit to bleed a calf,-you not fit to poultice a pig, -after three years* apprenticeship," said he, " and a winter with Doctor Monro? By the cnpping- glasses of 'Pocrates/* said he, 44 and by the pistol of Gallon, but I would have caned him en the spot if he had just let out half as much to me! Look ye, man," said be, " look ye, man, he is all Bhaking," (this was a God's truth j) *' he'll sun tail. At him like fire, Willie." Magneezhy, though sadly frightened, looked a thought brighter; and made a kind of half step forw.ird. " Say that ye*U ask my pardos «nee more,-and if sot," whined the poor lad, with a voice broken and trembling, u then we saust just shoot one another." " Devil a hit/' answered Maister Bloat sheet, "devil a bit-. No, sir; you must down on your bare knees, and beg ten thou- sand pardons for calling me out here, in a raw morning; or I'll have a shot at you, whether you will or not." " Will you stand that ?" said Blister, with his eyeaiike barning coals, "fy th« living jingo, and the holy poker, Mag neezby, if you stand ihat, I say, I stand no longer your second,' but leave you to dis- grace and a caning. If he likes to shoot you like a dog, and not us a gentleman, then, chisbula machree,-let him do it, and be doueJ" ! ''No, sir," replied Magne^zhy with a quivering voice, which he tried in vain, poor fellow, to rendsr warlike, (he had never been in the volunteers like me.) ** Hand ' u* the pistols, then : and let us do or die." " Spoken like a hero, and brother of the lancet : as little afraid of the sight of your own blood, as that of any of your patients," said Blister. " Hand ever the pistols." > It was an awful business. Gudesave us, 6uch goings on io a Christian land ! > While Mr Bloatsheet, the young writer, was in the act of cocking the bloody > weapon, I again, but to no purpose, endeavoured to slip in a word edgeways. > Magneezhy was in an awful case ; if be had been already shot, he could not > have looked more clay and corpse-like; so I took up a douce ear- nest > confabulation, while <he stramash was drawing to a bloody conclusion, with > Mr Harry Molasses, the fourth in the spree, who was standing behind > Bloatsheet with a large mahogany box under his arm, some- thing in shape > like that of a licensed pack- man, ganging about from hou¿e to house,, > through tho country-side, selling toys and trinkets ; or Differing plaited > ear-rings, and 1 suchlike, with young lasses, for old silver coins or cracked teaspoons. j " Oh !" answered he, very composedly, : as if it had been a cannister full of black rapce or black-guard, that he had just lifted down from his top-shelf, " it'.-» just Doctor j Blister's saws, whittles, and big knives, in j case any of their legs or arms be blown away, that he may cut them off." Little I would have prevented me sinking down I through the ground, had I not remembered at the preceese moment, that I myself was a soldier, and liable, when tho hour of [dauger threatened, to be called out, in marching-order, to the field of battle. But by this time the pistols were in the hands of the two infatuated young men, Mr Bloat sheet, as fierce as a hussar dragoon, and Magueczby as supple in the knees as if he was on oiled hinges ; so the next considera- tion was to get well out of the way, the lookers-on running nearly as greata chance i of being shot as the principals, they not [ being accustomed, like me for instance, to the usc of arms ; on which account, I I scougged myself behind a big pear-tree j both being to fire when Blister gave the word " Off!" j I bad scarcely jouked into my hidy-hole, when "crack-crack" played the pistols like lightening; and as soon as I got my cowl taken from my eyes, and looked about, woes me ! I saw Magneezhy clap his hand to his brow, wheel round like a peerie, or a sheep seized with the sturdie, and then play flap down on his broadside, breaking 1 the necks of haif-a-dozea cabbage-stocks three of which were afterwards clean lost, as we could not put them all into the pot at one time. The whole of us ran forward, but foremost was Bloatsheet, who, seizing Magneezhy by the hand, cried, with a mournful face, " I hope you forgive me ? Only say this as long as yon have bteatb ; for I am off to Leith barbour in half a minute." The blood was Tunning over poor Mag neezhy's eyes, and drib-dribbling from the neb ot' his nose, so he was truly in a piti- ful state ; but he said with more sense than I thought he could have mustered,-" Yes, yes, fly for your life. I am dying without much pain-fly for your life, for I am a gone man !" Bloatsheet bounced through the kail- yard like a maukin, clamb over the bit wall, and off like mad ; while Blister was feeling Magneezhy's pulse with one hand, and looking at his doctor's watch, which he had in the other. " Do ye think that j the poor lad will live, doctor ?" said I to him. He gave his head a wise shake, and only observed, " I dare say it will be a hanging business among us. In what direction do you think, Mansie, we should all take flight ?" But I answered bravely, " Flee them -that will, I'se flee nane. If I am taken prisoner, the town-officers maun haul me from my own house; but, nevertheless, I trust the visibility of my innocence will be as plain as a pikestaff to the eyes of the Fifteen.!" *' What, then, Mansie, will you do with ! poor Magneezhy ? Give us your advice in I need !" ¡ " Let us carry him down to my own ! bed," answered I ; " I would not desert a I fellow-creature in his dying hour ! Help i me down with him, and then flee the coun- J try as fast as you are able !" We immediately proceeded, and lifted '> the poor lad, who had now dwalmed away, upon our wife'« hand-barrow^ Blister" taking the feet, and me the oxters, whereby I got my waistcoat all japanned with blood; so, when we got him laid right, we pro ceeded to carry him between us down the close, just as if he had been a sticked sbeep, and at the back door, which cost us some trouble, being narrow, and the barrow getting jammed in; but, at long and last, we got bim stretched out above the blankets, having previously shooken Benjie, and wakened him out of his morn- ing's nap. All this being accomplished and got over, Blister decamped, leaving my me leeful lane, excepting Benjie, who was next to nobody, ia the house with the dying man. What a frightful face he bad, all smeared over with blood and powder-and I really jealoused, that if he died in that room it would be haunted evermair, he being in a manner a murdered man $ so that, even should I be acquitted of art and part, his ghost might still come to bother us, making our house a hell upon earth, and frighting us out of our seven senses. But in the midst of my dreadful surmises, when all was still, so that you might have heard a pin fall, a knock-knock-knock, came to the door, 00 which, recovering my senses, I dreaded firs! that it was death-chap, and syne that thc affair had got wind, and that lt was th« beagles come in search of me»; so I kissed little Benjie, who wasatttingon his ereepia, blubbering and greeting for his- parritck, 1 while a tear stood m my own-eye as I went I forward to lift the sneck to let tte officers, ! as I (bought, harrie our house, by carrying j off mc, its rraster ; but it was, thank j Iletvrn, oily Tammie Bodkin, coming in whistling to his work, with some measur- ing papers "hanging cound his neck. " Ah, Tammie," said i to him, try heart warming at a kent face, and making the laddie, although my bounden servant by a regular indenture of five years, a friend in ' my need, com« in my man. I fear ye'Il bae to take charge of the business for some , time to come-; mind what I tell'd ye about j the shaping and cutting, and no making the ' goose ower warm ; as I doubt I am about to I be hurled away to the tolbooth." I Tammie's heart swelled to his mouth. " Ah, master," he said, " ye're joking. What should ye have done that ye should be ta'en to sic an ill place f "Ay, Tammie, lad," answered I, "it is j but ower true." j "Weel, weel," quo' Tammie-I really thought it a great deal of the laddie "weel, weel, they canna prevent me coming to sew beside ye; and if I can take the measure of customers without, ye can cut the claith within. But what is't for, maister ?" j_ ?.* Come in here," said I to him, "and believe your ain een, Tammie, my man." " Losb me !" cried the poor laddie, glowring at thc bloody face of the man in the bed, and starting back on his tip-tóes. " Ay- ay-ay { maister ; save us, maister ; ay-ay - ay--you bave na coloured his harnpan with your guse ? Ay, maister, maister ! whaten an unearthly sight ! ! I doubt they'll bang us a' ; you for doing't and me on suspicion-and Benjie as art and part, puir thing! But I'll rin for a doctor. Will E, maister?" The thought had never struck me before, j being in a sort of a manner dung stupid ; but catching up thc word, I said with all j my pith and pirr, Rin, rio, Tammie, vin for life and death !" Tammie bolted like a nine-year-old, never looking behind his tail ; so, in less than ten minutes, be returned, hauling along old Doctor Peelbox, whom he had wankened out of his bed, in a camblet morning-gown, and a pair of red slippers, by the lug and horn, nt the very time I was trying to quiet young Benjie, who was fol- lowing me up and down the house, as I was .pacing to and fro in distraction, gimging and whineging for bis breakfast. *' Bad business, bad business; bless us, what is this ?" said the old Doctor, who was near-sighted, staring at Magneezhy's bloody face through his silver spectacles " what is the matter ?" The poor patient knew at once his mas- ter's tongue, ¡¿nd lifting up one of his eyes, the other being stiff and barkened down, said in a melancholy voice, "Ah master, do j you think I'll get better?" Doctor Peelbox, old man as he was, started back as if be had been a French ! dancing-master, or had stamped on a hot bar of iron. " Tom, Tom, is this you? what in the name of wonder, hus done this?" I Then feeling his wrist- '* but your pulse is quite good. Have you fallen, boy ? Where I is the blood coming from ?" j " Somewhere about the hairy scalp," an- swered Magneezhy, in their own queer lingo. "I doubt some artery's cut I through ! " ! The Doctor immediately bade bim lie quiet and hush, as he was getting a needle and silken thread to sew it up ; ordering j me to have a ba?in and water-ready to wash the poor lad's pbysog. I did so as bard as I j was able, though I was not sure about the blood just ; old Doctor Peelbox watching over my shoulder with a lighted penny can- dle in one hand, and the needle and thread in the other, to see where the blood spouted from. But we were as daft as wise,- so be bade me take my big shears, and cut down all the hair on the fore part of the head as bare as my loofj and syne washed, and better washed ; so Magneezhy got the other eye up, when the barkened blood was loosed ; looking, though as pale as a clean shirt, more frighted than hurt; until it be- came plein to us all, first to the Doctor, syne to me, and syne to Tammie Bodkin, and last of all to Magneezhy himself, that his skin was not so much as peeled. So we helped him out of the bed, and blithe was I to see the lad stand in g on the floor, without hold, on his own feet. I did my best to clean bis neckcloth and shirt of the blood, making him look as de centish as possible considering circumstan. «es; and lending him, as the scripture commands, my tartan mantle to hide the in- firmity of his bloody trousers and waistcoat. Home went be and his master together ; me standing at oar close mouth, wishing them a good-morning, and blithe to see their hacks. Indeed, a condemned thief with the rope about bis neck, and the white cowl tied over his eyes, to say nothing of his bands yerked together behind bis back, and on the nick of being thrown over, could I not have been more thankful for a reprieve i than I was, at that same Wested moment. It was like Adam seeing the deil's rear marching out of Paradise, if one may be alio we i to think 6uch a thing. The whole business, tag-rag and bob-tail, soon, however, spanked out, and was the town talk for more than one day-But ! you'll hear. At first I pitied tb« poor lads, that I thought had fled ever and aye from their native country, to Bengal, Seringapatam, Copenhagen, Botany Bay, or Jamaica, leaving behind them all their friends and old Scot I land, as they might never hear of tbe good- ness of Providence on their behalf. But wait a wee. Would you believe ît î As sure's death, the whole was bat a wicked trick played by that mischevious loon Blister and his cro- nies, upon one that was a simple and soft headed callant. De'il a halt was in one pistol but a pluff of powder ; and in the other a cartridge-paper, full of blood, was rammed down upon the charge ; the which, hitting Magneezhy on the ee-bree, had caused a business that seemed to have put him out of life, and nearly put me (though one of the volunteers) ont of my seven wims. 