SMISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. -0 CROSSED CHEQUEs.-Judgment was delivered on Friday, the 13th February, in the Court of Exche quer, setting aside the verdict given in June last, against Messrs. Coutts & Co., for paying a cheque to the Messrs. Gosling which had been crossed with the words "Bank of England," in order that it might be paid only to that establishment. The grounds for this decision rwele stated by Baron Parke, and they cannot be too extensively known, since they are such as to remove much of the pro tection which the public have hitherto supposed themselves to derive from carrying on their trans actions by means of cheques instead of by coin or bank notes. The main fasts out of which the present case arose were these:-A party having to pay £2000 to the Court of Chancery, gave a cheque for the purpose to a Mr. Geary, a solicitor, and to in sure its proper appropriation, crossed it "Bank of England, to the account of the Accountant-Gene ral." Mr. Geary, however, kept an account at Gosling's, and having placed the cheque with them for collection, it was paid to the Messrs. Coutts, notwithstanding the specific crossing to the Bank of England, and Geary thus obtained the proceeds, and applied them to his own purpose. An action was then brought to recover the amount, on the ground that Coutts & Co. were bound by the com morn-custom of bankers to pay attention to the di rection conveyed by specific crossing, and that the loss had been caused by their negligence. This view was confirmed by the jury, and a verdict was ren dered'accordingly. The testimony on the trial as to the strict observance among bankers with regard to crossed cheques was very conflicting, but negli gence, it was conceived, had been clearly proved. In reviewing all the circumstances of the case in connexion with the application for a 'new trial, Baron Parke appears now to have pronounced the opinion that in the first place there is no custom among bankers to attend to specific crossings, and to forbear paying a cheque to one banker that may be distinctly ucrossed with the name of another; while, 2ndly, if such a custom were really recog nised, it would be illegal, since it would amount to an infringement of the Stamp Act, which only exempts the cheques payable to "Bearer." "The effect of crossing a cheque," continued Baron Parke, "is not to restrict the negotiability of such instru "ments." At the same time, however, his lordship admitted that the custom of crossing cheques thus: "- and Company," rendered it obligatory that they should be paid to no one but a banker, and that any house disregarding it would do so at their peril. The object of that custom," he said, "is not to ensure payment to any particular bank, but that the cheques so crossed and paid may be the more easily traced. It is not intended thereby to *restrict the negotiability of cheques, but to compel the holder to present them through parties of known -respectability. No doubt," he continued, "such a usage is highly beneficial to the public, but the Scheque still remains payable to bearer. It is a great public benefit that such a usage has existed, and it should be maintained, and it may be so without re straining the negotiability of such instruments. The mere circumstance of imposing the necessity of presentment through a banker throws an impedi ment in the way of a fraudulent holder." For the present, then, the only conclusion that has been ar rived at is, that the public cannot rely upon the slightest protection being gained by crossing cheques Sin any way, and one advantage, therefore of employ ing bankers, is impaired.-Jpswich Journal, Febru ary 14. - AUsTnALIAN SUPmaSTITIOS.--The singular belief in the transmigration of souls, which is general among the whole of the Australian tribes, so far as knowu,-also extends to the islands of Torres Strait. The people holding it imagine that, immediately after death, they are changed into white people, or Europeans, and as such pass into the second or final period of their existence; nor is it any part of this creed that future rewards and punishments are awarded. It may readily be imagined that- when ignorant and sulperstitions savage tribes, such as those under consideration, were first visited by Europeans, it was natural for them to look with wonder upon beings so strangely different from themselves, and so infinitely superior in the powers conferred by civilisation, and to associate so much that was wonderful with the idea of supernatural agency. At Darnley Island, the Prince of Wales Island, and Cape Yorke, the word used to signify a white man also means ghost. The Cape Yorke peo ple went so far as to recognise in several of our officers and others in the ship, the ghosts of de parted fiiends, to whom they might have borne some fancied resemblance, and, in consequence, under the new names of Tamu, Tarka, &c.;, they were claimed as relations, and entitled to all the privileges of such. Among many superstitions held by the Prince of Wales Islanders, they are much afraid of shoot ing stars, believing them to be ghosts, which in breaking up produce young ones of the same kind. After sneezing, they make violent gestures with the hands and arms; if a joint cracks, they imagine that some one is speaking of them or wishing them well in the. direction in which the arm is pointing. The only tradition which I heard of occurs among the Kowraregas, and is worth mentioning for its singularity. The 'first man created was a great giant named Adi, who, while fishing off Hammond Island, was caught by the rising tide and drowned, Hammond Rock springing up immediately to mark the spot. His wives, who were watching him at the time, resolved to drown themselves, and were changed into some dry rocks upon an adjacent reef, named after them Ipile, or the wives.-Voyage of H.M.S. Rattlesnake. Eco oMucAL TRAVELLING.-A correspondent of the DIusIN WARDEn informs us that in his neigh bourhood they are enjoying "mighty nate weather, glory be to God," for out-o'-door exercise. "The roads are in fine ordher for enablin' a.man to indulge in that fine, free-and-aisy and indepindint way: o' travellin, known by ansiant and modern tourists as 'Irish Tandem,' and thranslated all the world over into 'one leg before the other!' None o' your breakin down o' chaises, or blowin up of ingines, or rowlin off the line, in that case ; but a little candle grease and sperrits to the seals o' yer feet, goin to bed, with a raysonable portion o' the latther ingray dient thrown inside, on the countheractin principle; and if yer not as fresh as a counthry post-boy in the mornin Dr. ,l'Hale's takin tay with the Bishop of Exeter this evenin !" An American paper says-" There is a grocer up town, who is said to be so mean that he was seen to catch a fly off his counter, hold him up by his hind legs, and look into the cracks of his feet, to see if he hadn't been stealing sonime of his sugar." MINISTRY OF ENGLAND.-Our readers will, no doubt, be anxious to know something of the person nel of the new Government. The Premier is the Earl of Derby, borp 1799, bettercnown to colonists as Lord Stanley. In 1841, he was called to the Up per House by his father's second title, Bickerstafle; and has since succeeded to the earldom. He was once Chief Secretary for Ireland, and subsequently Secretary of State for the Colonies. . Under his auspices V. D. Land was made the sole receptacle for British offenders; but he existed officially to lament the step, and before he relinquished the reins plan ned a new penal settlement, which Lord Grey de lated when he declared that the punishment of transportation had entirely ceased to every portion of the empire. The Chancellor of the Exchequer and leader in the House of Commons is Mr.Disraeli, the member for Bucks. He was born in 1805, is a Conservative, voted for agricultural protection, the author of " Coningsby," a novel, and recently edited the life of Lord George Bentinck. As a de bater he is a keen satirist, and in the course of his career has said some things which will not soon be forgotten. He described the Peel administration as having stolen the habiliments of the Whigs while they were bathing in unconscious security. Mr. Spencer Horatio Walpole, member for Milhurst, is Home Secretary. He was born in 1806, called to the bar in 1841, entered Parliament in 1846, and is a Conservative, in favour of protecting agriculture. Lord Malmsbury, Secretary for the Foreign Depart ment, was born in 1807, and has invariably voted against the Whigs. The Secretary for the Colonies is Sir John Somerset Pakington, member for Droit wich. He is the son of William Russell, Esq., of Worcestershire, and assumed the name of Paking ton on becoming heir to his maternal uncle in 1850. He is also a Conservative, and voted for agricultural protection. Sir Edward Sugden is Lord Chancellor. The Earl of Lonsdale, Lord President, has been, as Lord Lowther, Chief Commissioner of Woods and Forests, Treasurer of the Navy, Vice-President of the Board of Trade, and Posmaster- General. Mr. Herries, President of the Board of Control, is mem ber for Stamford. He distinguished himself during the last war in raising volunteer corps. He was Private Secretary to Mr. Perceval, enjoys a pension of £1,350 per annum; has been Secretary to the Treasury, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Master of the Mint, President of the Board of Trade, and Secretary at War. He is a Conservative and Pro tectionist. Mr. Joseph Warner Henley, President of the Board of Trade, born 1793, and represents Oxfordshire. He first entered the House in 1841, is a Conservative, and voted for agricultural pro tection in 1846. Lord John Manners, of the New England party, born in 1820, is the youngest son of the Duke of Rutland. He was elected in 1847, and is a Conservative and Protectionist, opposed to Roman Catholic endowments. Algernon Percy, Duke of Northumberland, First Lord of the Ad miralty, was born in 1792. In 1815, he became a captain in the Royal Navy. He has on all occasions opposed the Whigs. Earl Hardwicke, Postmaster General, is also a captain in the navy, and was born in 1799, He was formerly a lord in waiting. Such is the composition of the new cabint ; and if so constituted it can conduct the affairs of the British Empire with success, we think they must be more easily managed than people in general suppose. Louis NAPOLEON AND HIS DEPORTATIONS.-It may be remembered that in the cooling down of the blood-heat of the first revolution in France the rapid guillotine was replaced by less energetic ie medies for political heresy. The Bastile, with its " lettres de cachet," was an absolute Capetian idea; the horrors of '93 it had become the fashion to shudder at; and the Directory eventually pitched upon a plan of inflicting the torture of protracted death, without inyolving any objectionable traits. The plan consisted in the transportation of all poli tical offenders to the equatorial regions of Guiana, and it is a partial satisfaction to know that members of the Directory itself were among the earlier vic tims of the infernal device. This colosy of Cayenne is a narrow strip of land, inconspicuous on ordinary maps, crowded in upon the eastern shore of South America. The face of this territory is made up of low dark marshes, where immense masses of rotting vegetation send up perpetual pestilence, making the life of the foreigner a life of intolerable suffering, and death the easiest and most desirable of earthly good. It is out of the question for Europeans to exist in the malaria. Turn to the narrative of those of the Directory who were deported thither in 1795, and no help will be needed from the imagina tion to aggravate the horrors of the place. To this realm of death Louis Bonaparte has sent 2,500 Frenchmen. They have had no trial- their offences are the subject of conjecture. Political agitation; an inchoate, but impracticable thought of doing what the President did himself, and that violently, on December 2nd, is presumed to be one ground- of banishment; another is the necessity of placing at a distance all whose public spirit or personal and mental weight might at any time conflict with the development of the usurper's ultimate designs. And upon these pretexts, transparently selfish as they are, this army of his liberty-loving countrymen is subjected to the penalty of death long drawn out ! and the fate from which all human beings shrink most instinctively-a death far from home, country, and friends. The deportation has simply this pur port. Had it been desirable that the victims should ever again revisit their native shores, another of the many colonies of France would have been selected as their temporary abiding place. By this act, then, the new autocrat of France has classified himself with the Austrian and Neapolitan genus of royalty. He takes his place cheerfully in a category upon which the united execrations of humanity are pour ed out. If Europe had not been so recently aroused by the cruelties of Ferdinand II., and if the fame of Haynau and Radetzsky had been less ino dorods, we should be less startled by finding the Frenchmen voluntarily in such company. As it is, the world can no longer permit the pretence of pa triotism to justify the act of December 2nd. This -deportation gives character to the " coup d'etat," proving it to be the dictate of a reckless personal ambition. It is doubtful whether a " coup d'etat" on the part of the" Reds" would have been marked by any equivalent act of ferooity.-New York Daily Times. IMPORTATION OF EGGS.-It appears from returns relating to trade and navigation, that in the year ending the 5th of January last, the number of eggs imported was 115,526,236, being an increase on the preceding year, when the number was 105,689,060. In the year ending the 5th of January, 1851, the duty was £38,577, and in the year endingthe 5th of January last it amounted to £42,149.-English Paper. 