ANECDOTES OF CURRAN. Mr Curran was engaged ia a legal argu- ment—behind him stood his colleague, a gentleman whose person was remarkably tall and slender, and who had originally designed to take orders. The Judge ob- serving that the case under discussion in- volved a question of ecclesiastical law— "Then," said Curran "I can refer your lordship to a high authority behind me, who was once intended for the Church, though (in a whisper to a friend beside him) in my opinion he was fitter for the steeple." An officer of one of the Courts, named Halfpenny, having frequently interrupted Mr Curran, the Judge peremptorily or- dered him to be silent and sit down. "I thank your lordship," said the counsel, "for having at length nailed that rap to the counter." "I cannot tell you, Curran," observed an Irish nobleman who had voted for the Union, "how frightful our old House of Commons appears to me." "Ah, my lord," replied the other "it is only natural for murderers to be afraid of ghosts." A deceased judge had a defect in one of his limbs, from which, when he walked, one foot described almost a circle round the other. Mr Curran being asked how his lordship still contrived to walk so fast, an- swered "Don't you see that one leg goes before like a tipstaff, and clears the way for the other?" Mr Curran, cross-examining a horse- jockey's servant, asked his master's age, "I never put my hand in his mouth to try," answered the witness. The laugh was against the counsel, till he retorted—" You did perfectly right, friend, for your master is said to be a great bite." A miniature painter, upon his cross- examination by Mr Curran, was made to confess that ho had carried his improper freedoms with a particular lady so far as to attempt to put his arm round her waist. "Then, sir," said the counsel, "I suppose you took that waist (waste) for a common." "No man" said a wealthy, but weak- headed barrister, "should be admitted to the bar who has not an independent landed property." "May I ask, sir," said Cur- ran, "How many acres make a wiseacre?" "Would you not have known this boy to be my son from his resemblance to me?" asked a gentleman. Mr Curran answered, "Yes, sir, the maker's name is stamped on the blade." Mr Curran was asked what an Irish gentleman just arrived in England, could mean by perpetually putting out his tongue? "I suppose he's trying to catch the English accent." At a public dinner he was defending his countrymen against the imputation of being a naturally vicious race. "Many of our faults" said he "arise from our too free use of the circulating medium (pointing to the wine) but I never yet heard of an Irish- man being born drunk.—Curran's Life by his Son. 