CHURCH. OP ENGLAND. 'MINUTES of PitocKEnisos nt ft Mooting of tim METROPOLITAN" and SUFFUAOAN Visitors of tho Proviuco of Australasia, liulcl nt Sydney, from October 1st to November 1st, A.D., 1850.: ItEPOUT. Tho Metropolitan and Bishops of thoProvinco of Australasia, having, by tho good Providonuo ol' God, huon pcrmittod to asscmblo thotusolvcs to- gether in tho Metropolitan City ot'Syduov, on tho first dny'of Ootobor, in tho year of our Yiord 1850, and having consulted togothor on such matters ns concorn tba progress af truo Religion, and 'tho wollara of tho.Church in tho snid~Pro vinoo, ami In tho sovornl Dioceses thereof, did ngroo to tho decisions and opinions contained in tho following itoport. Ii OBJECTS OF TIII3 CONFË11KN0H. Wc, tho uudcrsignod Metropolitan and Bishops of .tho l'rovinoo of Australasia, in oonsaquoneo of doubts existing how far wo aro inhibited by the Queen's Supremacy from exorcising tho powers of nn Ecclesiastical Synod, resolve not to oxorciso suoh powers on tho present occasion. But wo desire to consult togothor upon tho various diunntltios in whioh wo nro ab prosont placed by tho doubtful application to tho Church in this l'rovinoo of tho Ecclesiastical Laws, - whioh aro now In forco in England ; and to suggest suoh measures as may scorn to bo most suitable for removing our prosont embar- rassments ; to consider such questions as ntroot tho progress of true religion, and tho preserva- tion of Eoolesiuslicnl order in tho novoral Dioooscs of this l'rovinoo and finally, in re- liance on Divino Providence, to adopt plans for tho propagation of tho Gospol among tho honthon rncos of Australasia, and tho adjacent Islands of tho Wcstoru Pacific. Wo request the Right Rovorcnd tho Lord Bishop of Nowcastlo to act ' ns our Secretary, and to embody our resolutions in a Ropcrt, to bo transmitted to tito Archbishops and Iiishops of tho United Churuh of England and I'roland. W. G. SYDNEY, G. A. NEW ZEALAND, E. R. TASMANIA, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE, C. MKLDOUIINE, W. NEWCASTLE. H. CANONS OF A. ». 1003-i. Wo nro of opinion that tho Constitutions and Canons agreed upon, with thu King's Majesty's ' License, in tho Synod begun nt London A, P. 1G03, «nd published for tho duo observation ol' thom by iii» Majesty's authority, undor tho Grout Seal of England, farm part of tho esta- blished Constitution of our Church, and are generally binding upon ourselves, and the clergy of our respective Dioceses.. Whore they cannot bo litornlly complied with, in consequence of the altered state of circum- stances since tho enactment of the Canons, wc aro cf opinion that they must be, as far as pos- sible, complied with in substance. Wo concur also in thinking that a rovisal and fresh adaptation of tho Canons tosuit tho présout oondition of the Church is much to be desired, so soon us it can bo lawfully undertaken, by persons possessing duo authority in that behalf. III. FUTUUE SYNODS AND CONVENTIONS, rttoVINClAt< AND DIOCESAN. Wo aro of opinion that there aro many ques- tions of groat importance to thc well-being of the Church in our province, which cannot bo set- tled without duly constituted Provincial and Di- ocesan Synods. Without defining the exact meaning of the word Synod, as used in the Church of England, whonover the words "Provincial Synod'' or " Di- ocesan Synod" shall bo used, in* tho following resolutions, wo understand a body oomposod of ono or more Bishops, with représentatives chosen' from among the clergy, meeting at such times and in such manner as muy not bo inconsistent with any law of Church or State. Wo understand tho functions of Provincial and' Diocesan Synods to be these : ' 1. To consult and agree upon Rules of practice and Ecclesiastical Order within the limits of tho province or dioeose. . ... <«,.". 2\. To conduct tho processes necessary for car- rying such rules into effect. But not to alter the Thirty-nine Articles, the Book of Common Prayer, or tho authorised version of tho Holy Scriptures. (2.) Sub-division of Dioceses, and Consecration of Bishops. 1\. Wo are of opinion that it appertains ton Provincial Synod, with the concurrence of tho Diocesan Synod, from timo to timo, to decido upon plans'for such sub-division of Dioceses IIB may be necessary for the more efficient disuhnrgo of tho Episcopal duties, nud to recommend those plans for adoption in accordance with the Laws which shall bo in force at tho timo. 2\. We submit that no sub-division of nny Colonial Dioccso should bo determined on in England without provious communication with tho Bishop of that Diocese, in order that the proposed measures may bo laid before tho Diocesan and Provincial Synods, before thoy be finally adopted. 3\. Wo would further express our opinion, that if tho provincial Synod should recommend a Colonial Clergyman for appointment to fill a now or vacant See, the recommendation should bo favourably considered by tho authorities in England, and that, the person designated to such Seo should, in conformity with ancient practice, bo consecrated by tho Metropolitan and Bishops of tho Provino», UIIICBS gravo iucon von ¡etico ho likely to ensue. (3.) Provincial and Diocesan'Conventions. 1\. We nre of opinion that tho Laity acting hy their Representatives duly elcotod, should meot in Diocesan and Provincial Conventions simul- taneously ' with tho Diocesan mid Provincial Synods, that tho Clergy and Laity may scvorally consult und decido upon nil questions aflcotin'g tho tomporalitios of tho Churoli, and that no act of either order rolating thereto should bo valid without the consent of tho other. 2\. That nny chango of constitution affecting tho wholo body of tho Church, should bo first proposed and approvod in tho Provincial Synod, mit should not bo .valid without tho consent of the Provincial Convention. iv. oiiuitcu MKMur.nsuir. . We acknowledge as Members of the Church of England nil persons who, having beon duly bap- tised with water, in tho name of tho lather, Son, and Holy Ghost, nro conformable to the Dootriné, Government, Rites, and Ceremonies contained in tho Book of Common Prayer ; it being unclorstood that they aro entitled to claim nt tho . banda' of its'Ministers the rites and ceremonies of our Church, so long only as thoy shall ? continúo conformable to tho oxtent above required,. By a Member of tho Church of England in full communion, wo understand every one, who being conformable as aforesaid, is a partaker of tho Holy* Communion, ns required by tho rules of tho Church. _ While wo would leave tho Synods and Conven- tions which may horeafter bo appointed to fix tho 3ualitlcation of electors, we would express our ecidod conviction that all persons elected to servo ns members ol' Diocaaun and Provincial Conventions should bo mombers of tho Church in full communion. v. DISCIPLINE. (1.) Bishops and Clergy. Inconsequence of tho statements whioh havo' been tnado in various places, of tho arbitrary power possessed by Bishops to suspend or re voko ot their own discretion tho licenses of clorgyninn, we disolaim all wish to ? exercise nny"suoh' power, and wc aro of opinion that, in all cases of doctrinal error, or other ecclesias- tical offcuues, the Bishops of tho Proviuco should be tho Court for tho trial of a Bishop, and tho Diocesan Synod should be tho Court for the trial of a Presbyter or Deacon, and that tho Metropolitan and tho Bishop of tho Diocoso respectively should bo cx-offioio Frosidnnts of suoli Courts, eithor in person or by thoir Com- missaries. Further, it would nppoar to bo necessary that any Bishop or othor clergyman suspended or de Íiosoil by duo sontonco of tho Court, should bo cgnlly mcapablo of continuing to hold possession of any church, chapel, stipend, house, gi ibo, or othor tomporalitios, which ho may have hold by virtue of his ollico. Wo aro also of opinion, that tho form of pro- cedure in all casos of appeal requiros to bo defined. (2.) Laity. Bearing in mind tho wish expressed in tho Commination Servico, that tho godly disciplino of Primitive Church may be restored, wo aro of opinion, 1\. That it is tho duly of every church _to seek hy spiritual admonitions to roela i ni those of its mombers who nra living in notorious sin. Wo thoroforo hold it to bo tho duty of every clergyman having ourc of souls, privately ' to od tnonlsirnil ovil ll'vors among' thoso committed to his charge, "as .ncod sholl roquiro and occasion shall to givon." Wo would also remind tho lay members of tho church, that tho clorgy aro re- quired by tho Hubris to ropol from tho Holy Com- munion nil persons who ara living in .Bin so open nud notorious ns that tho congregation is thoroby ollbiided, and who after duo admonition shall continuo impenitent, mid without amendment of lifo. Provided, nlwnys, that every minister sb repel- ling any shall udvo an account of thu suma to tho Bishop of the Oioccso within fourteen days after, afc tho farthest. And wo 'aro of optuiun, that it is tho duly ol' tho Bishop earnestly to admonish ovory person so repelled to qualify himsulf by rcpoiitunco for readmission to Holy Communion. Until tho ostablishmont of a form of process by a Provincial Synod with tho concurrence of a Provincial Convention, wo aro of. opinion that in cases whero all spiritual admonitions I m vu fulled to reclaim iiicmbors ol' tho Churoli who aro living in notorious slit, it may bocomo tho duty of tho Bishop, with tho aid nud concurrence nf lils Presbyters, to pronounOo such porsmis excommunicate BO far ns to rotease nny clergy- man from tho obligation to uau tho hurlai service, if thoy should dio without sutDuluut pruuf of repentance But remembering tho solouin ohargo which wo havo received at our consecration, to " bind up tho brokoti, to bring again tho outcasts, to seek tho lost, to bo BO merciful ns not to bo too remiss, und so to minister discipline, that wo forget not morey,'1 we aro of opinion that it is our duty, ns in every case, so especially in thoso which have boon hero noticed, to uso faithful aud nttuatlonnto admonition before we procood to nny strict oxorolso of tho disciplino of tho Church. vi. STATUS or Ottmar. 1\. Wo desire to exprosB our opinion that no clergyman who shall li a vu hoon duly appointed »ml licensed, to nnj- Church or permanent opro of souls, hlionlil do removenble therefrom except by sontonco pronounced, after judicial enquiry,-l>c foro the Diocesan Synod. S. That tills rule should not apply to those clergymen who have'been appointed and licensed hy tho Bishop, to any charge expressly understood to he ol'a temporary nature. 3\. At the snina limit wo consider it to hu most desirable in the present state of the Church of England in our Dioceses, tlmt candidates'for Holy Orders should devoto themselves to tho. servioe of the Church, in that willingspirit whioh would induce them to pince themselves at the disposal of their Bishop for sonic doti ni to term of years, nud leave to him tho responsibility of appointing and changing their station duringsiich period. . vu. imrcav. (1.) Division of Services. We aro of opinion that the Bishop of each Diocese, as Ordinary, has a discretion to uutboriso clergymen, in cases of necessity, to di \ ide the morning service, by using either the Morning Prayer, tho Litany, or the Communion Service . separately ; but flint each of the services so used : should bo rend entire. (2.) The Administration of Holy Communion. In parishes where the number of commuai-' cants is very great, tho Communion Service may be used separately, and tho Lord's Su|>|>or admi- nistered ut an ¿arly hour,' besides tho usual ad- ministration ut the morning Bcrvico. . - " . In places where there ¡B no -morning service' tho administration of the Holy Communion may bc in the afternoon if necessity so require. When tho. Holy Communion cannot bo admi- nistered in a Church, or other building duly ' licensed for the celebration of Divine Service, it > may be administered in such places as necessity shall require (3.)_ Occasional Services. , Weare of opinion that no clergyman has au- thority at his own discretion to abridge or alter any of the occasional serviaca of the Church. (i.) Jtulcs- for Service on Saints\ days falling on Sundays. <j*c. Should a Saint's Day fall on Ash Wednesday, Good Friday, or Kastor Evo, or on Easter Sunday, Ascension Day, Whit Sundny, or Trinity Sunday, or on Monday or Tuesday in Kastor and Whitsun weeks, the Lessons, Collect, Epistle, and Gospel for tiloso days aro to be used. When tho Saint's day shall fall on any other Sunday, the Lossons ol' tho Saint's Day (unless they bo from tho Apocrypha) nra to bo used, und tho Collect, Epistle, and Gospol for tho Saint's day, with tho Collect for tho Sunday; (5.) Of Persons for whom the Prayers of the Congregation are desired. It is convenient that tho namo of tho persons for whom tho prayers of tho congregation nro desired should bo mentioned tither boforo tho Litany or bofore tho Prayer ? for all Conditions of Men, ns.tho caso may bo. ' . -, Tho words "especially thoso for'-whom- our . prayers : aro desired,'' may bo inserted in tho Litany in their appropriate place. (6.) Thanksgiving Service." It is convenient that tho names of tho parsons who desire to return thanks should bu mon doned boforo the General Thanksgiving. . ?'., Tho words " particularly to thoso who ? desire . now to offer up their praises and thanksgivings for thy lato inóreles vouchsafed unto thom," may bo used for persons who have not boon specially prayed for. (7.) Offertory. Wro nro of opinion that no olorgymnn cnn justly bo suspcotod of holding opinions nt variance with tho Bound touching of tho Church, in cousu 3nonce of his compliance with tho Rubric, whioh ¡roots " thnt upon tho Sundays and otlior Holy Days (if there be no Communion) shall bo said all that is appointed ut tho Communion, uutil tho ond of tho Gonoral Prayer flor tho wbolo state of Christ's Church Militant hero on earth], together with one or moro of tho Collects, con- cluding with tho blessing." (8.) Sponsors. Boing awaro that tho Clergy hnvo felt tho great importance bf having duly qualified Spon- sore at Holy Baptism, we recommend that tho most earnest endeavours be used by thom to convoy correct impressions upon that subjuot to their several flocks, in tho hopo that suitablo parsons may bo in all cases provided to discharge tito duties of that olhco. (9.) Marriage. (a.) Within Prohibited Dogrccs. Inasmuoh as it is directed by tho 09th Canon, that "no person shall marry within the de- grees prohibited by tho laws of God,' and ex- pressed in a table set forth by authority, in tho year of our .Lord God 1503 ;'' wo aro of opinion thnt any clergyman of tho province who shall solemnizo matrimony botweon persons so rotated, witt be acting in violation of tho Law of tho Church. , . Roforring nlso to Canons 20 and 109, mid to tho Rubrics pi-cfixod to tho Communion Service, wo aro furthor of opinion that persons so marry- ing within tho prohibited degrees nro liable to bo repelled from the Holy Communion until, they hnvo repented and bo reformed, (b.) . Of Persons neither of whom belongs to tho ' Church. Wo nro of opinion that ministers of tho Church of England ought not to solemnizo mar* riago botweon pot-sons neither of whom is of .our own communion, oxoopt in casos where the mar riago cannot, without extremo dilliuulty, bo so- lemnized in' any other woy* (c.) Irregularly Solemnized. While wo rcoogniso the validity of ntl mar- riages contracted in conformity with tho laws of tho State, providod that they "bo not contrary to tho laws of the Church, wo would earnestly impress upon all members of tho Church of Eng laud tho duty of having their marriages solem- nized according to tho rites of tho Church, and in no othor way. (d.) Cnutiofl to bo used. 1\. Wo desire to draw tho attention of tho clergy to tho necessity of exercising duo caution boforo they procood to solomnizo marriage 2\. Wo therefore recommend that tho banns bo thrice pub'ishod, except in caso of marriage by licouso, once at least in tho licensed placo nf wor- ship which is nearest to tho rosidonco of tho par- ties desiring to ba married. 3\. And tho Registers of Marriage, Baptism, and Burial be accurately kopt, und copies sent nt tho limos i-equirod by. law. . , (10.) Churching of Women. Wo aro of opinion, from tho Rubric at tho cud of tho Bcrvico, for tho Churching nf Women, that that Hcrvico is not intended to bo used for per- sons who nra living in suoh n state ns would justify tlio Minister in repelling them from.tho Holy Communion. (ll.) Ministering to Dissenters. Wu nro of opinion that tho general principio of Colonial Legislation, by whioh tho equality of all roligious denominations is recognized, raleases tho Clergy of tho Church of England in th eso colonie* from tho obligation to perform roligious services for persons who arc not members of our own Church. VIII. IKK.Y IIAl'TISM. As Bishops engaged in tho uliurgóof extensivo Dioceses, lind debarred from frequent opportun!. ties of conference, wo do not premuno to think that wo cnn inform or guido tho judgment of tho Church nt largo j hut ut a limo when tho minds . of pious nutt thoughtful mon oro in perplexity, wo cannot romain altogether silent, nor . refrain from stating what wo bol love to bo tho just Interpretation of tho Creed, Articles, mid Liturgy of tho Ohuruh of England, respecting tho Regene- ration of Infants in Holy Baptism. Wo boliovo Regeneration to bo tito work of Clod in tho Sacrament of Baptism, by which in- fants baptised with water, lu tho'nanto ol'tho Fathor, bon, and Holy Ghost, dio unto stn, and riso nguiu unto righteousness, and aro tnnilu members of Christ, children ol God, und inhe- ritors of tho Kingdom of Heaven. Wo boliovo this regeneration lo bo tho particu- lar grnoo prayed for, and oxpeotcd mid thank- fully acknowledged to hnvo been received tn tho baptismal sorvlces. . " Wo boliovo that lt ls tho doctrine of our Church that alt Infants do liv baptism rocoivo tills uraco of regeneration. But remembering tho words of our Loni Instituting tho Holy Snora inout of Baptism (Malt, xxvlll. 1«, ¡¿0), which enjoin that they who nro buptlsod aro to bo ninda disciple» and to Ito taught, wo aro of opinion that whensoever un infant ls baptised, nit ? »«u'fww ¿ ivríit' i'o b* Klvi>n n(t|ie name lime oh its Mi'i'f f. bv wniiiti ona or moro baptised pérsouji) tivvt it will . be brought up In ttl« f*Hh «f , . Christ. - .? Wa il o not recognise in fhe infant itself any untiuiess which disqualifies it from receiving iu baptisai tbís graco of regeneration, for our Lord Jesus Christ dos* not deny his_grace and mnrey unto such infants, but most lovingly doth call.them unto him. VVe.do nut believe that unworthiness of Minis- ters, Parents, or Sponsors, hinders this effect of the love of Christ. . .'< We believe that a wilful neglect of the means of grace does not prove that the gift of regene ' ration was never received, lint in those who so fall . way after baptism, we believo that. the. conse- quence of their having boen regenerated is to , aggravate their guilt. Finally, we would express. First, our cordial Bud entire .agreement with the Articles and Kori ,111 alarios of our Church, in their plain , and full ' uièauiug, and in their literal and .grammatical Kens'." Socoiid'y, our billingd¡3¡H)s¡tion to accept ' mid- use , them . all in tho mannor which is ap |wi'ite<I ; and, with especial reference to our pre- sent subject,' to carry ou tlie'.work of Christian ' ednuiitioii'iii ' thu-fii-iii belief that, infants do 'receive in, baptism the grace of ,regeneration. Thirdlyy-'aiiove all, we would express our un . feigned thankfulness to Almighty God fur " the gift and preservation of these inestimable . blessings; - ? . ?? .p' [^».ifiiod by the Bishops of Sydiiëv, New Zeä " ; land, Tasmania,' Adelaide; and Newcastle.] V .."'.'" ' ' . HOL* BAPTISM. * "' .' . - Upon'this subject tho Bishop of Melbourne pre v '. ferrel to state ¿is views 'as' follows.- ; .'. - Tho'dodtri'ie-of our Charon concerning tho " nature and effiwiav of Holy .Baptism, may, in my opini in, be stute.l in the eight following propo- sitions.1 ..... . : >. ? .'?' ? ..'.','.;\ j' 1\. ' Regeneration is . that operation^ of the Spirit of God upon the heart, which produces -fr death'unto «in, and a netr birth unto righte 'iuisncaar' By regeneration we are made members bf Christ, children of God, «nd inheritors of the -Kingdom af Heaven. ' 2. Baptism is. the saorámont of regeneration, Which is the'particular grace prayed for, ex peoted, and ' thankfully acknowledged to have (men received in the baptismal service»' . 3.1 The work of regeneration is wrought in all, whether, they: be adults or infants, who receive baptism rightly (Art. xxvti.), but in uuuo others (Art.-xxv.)* : ? 4\. . The. Church in her office for the baptism of infants, aud in.that for the baptism of adults, unes .tho. language of faith and hope, and is not to be understood an declaring positively a fact whlob :it onnuot certainly know, vis., that every baivtlied infant, or every baptised adult, is. rege- nerate.- .. '.? ; f - 5. The statement put into the mouth of a Catechumen, that ho. was iii hap.ism made a j member of Christ,-. &c;, is to be understood in the «ame qualified application as the'declaration j willoh almost immediately follows, that by God's helli heiwili do aa his godfathers nud godmothers lind promised for him, and that he heartily I thanks hu Heavenly Father that He bath called him, Ao. i ! . . ' I , 6. : Repentance and faith are required of those .who come to be baptised, but tho Church is . silent as to the fitness, .or unfitness, nf nu infant, who is incapable of repentance und faith, for re miviug, reareneration in baptism: ? ?.' ' -, 7. The unworthiness of a -Ministor does not ' take away the effect of baptism either in the case of iuiaiits or.adults (Alt''Xxvi.) 'v .8. .-Parents ? ' are 'nowhere' mentioned in the Articles, or in the baptismalsorvice,:' but infants . ure. baptised,: because they promise repentance lind : faith . by their sureties. ' These sureties or sponsors are. to be duly qualified persons, and no ene is to bo admitted godfather or godmother be- fore the said person so undertaking has 1 received tliotHoly; Communion. : (Ganun , xxix.) The Church, however, lias not positively affirmed that the j unworthiness' ot sponsors 'disqualifies an infant for receiving the grace of baptism. . Tho truth of- the following four additional propositions'may also, I think, be gathered from the Scriptures, and is perfectly consistent with the' f-encral! tenor of'tho Articles and formularies'.: jf mir Churoli, vi«.!- 1 ; < ^ 1 ; -: : W '> "9.' Sponsors,: who . theniselvei repent and bo lieve. inav: and ought to expect most1 eonfidcutly the grauè'of.régénération for tho children whom they bring to be baptizad. .' - ' - IQ. While theChurch may, ami ought to uso the language, of, .faith .aiid hofie respeoting all infants;, brought, to bo.baptixod, Impenitent and tmbolieviiig ;s|H)n»ur8 ; ave . not entitled to expect' any,blessing.from, an ordiannco: which: they only profane ...'-. 0.;>.,:. ,-; '.;7? ' . .".?'?',: i . ; ' ,11.:'.Children who- have been baptised are to be taught to regard God as their Father, and to love audi trust in him as having redeemed them by iijs' .Sun, -."and "Hftnv-lifioJ ? them by His Spirit to pray thát, being regenerate, and made the children off God, ,-b.V-adoption and. grace, thoy may daily lie renewed by the Holy Ghost (Col- lect fur, Christmas Bay),, to consider, the guilt of uuy'ainsj which they may commit against God, an aggravated.,by. their -having:been baptised, and brought up in the faith of<tho Gospel, ? ? ,12. .Our.personal.;repentance and faith nre tho onlv, sure evidence of our being spiritually tho c.iiidien ol'Ûod.. i ?.. . >.,'.'???? V. Having; thus iHtntud;.my own'views of the doc- trine bf ourChurch, concerning- Holy. Baptism, I ' would^iiiiite.with iny. Right . Reverend Brethren in expressing: ? .... <.,.,..?!..; >-?" . ''ii; My cordial and butiro agreement with all tho' Articles.;and. lorin alarios ol' our Church in their plain muí full nooning, and ia their literal and grammatical sense.; . ! ( . ,-.;< . ;. % Aly. willing disposition to accept and use them i it the manner., which ; is appointed ; and (with especial, reference) .to. oar present subject) to curry on. the.-work, of Christian education iii' the firm lieilefithat infants do receive in baptism tho grnoe of regeneration. .- ,..'< r . . . 'A Abovo all;, my unfeigned thankfulness to Almighty God for 'the gift and preservatiou of these ¡iiüsümublo blessings.., ?' .' '?. ' ? IX.. KDCOATIOX. . .,, (l.). Schcol*. . Wo cannot incur tho responsibility of seeming to countenance any system of erroneous, defective, orjnilellnite religious instruction by incorporating ourselves with the Boards, either general or local, which have the,regulation and stiperinteudonco of whuols so ronduutcrd,? - ... . Bui' »vheioVor à Chiirch of.: England School «antrat bo ontablisliod,., tho, Clergy,, after ,commu iii>Vition with'tho Bishop, should consider, lt their duty to remody,. 'as, fur ,ns possible, .'tho.cyils.or defects _of_ Hiiy'.Hchbo|a! tojwhich/Church childreu nufy bo Hout'by their parents... . . , \\. '" '.". , '... (*) vifI'vciii/;/-,-. ??<'?!.- ." ' Wonfb'of Opinion that tho establishment of tho liiiivemlty of Sydney, may promote' thu growth of hound ieiituiiig. 'uiid'uiay 'iir'iiinhy ways assist tho ( 'ol lililí to Inst itutiohd of tlic Church of England in nur reSpéntivo'Plíieosés/'.'-; '. ;> But^while'- wo-/nro '-not ' tinwillkig thnt tho,' Ktiiiluiitsi in ' qur.'.'Dlocv.Mnu Colleges anil Schools\ uhoutd' eom|ii!to with ;iill ótiiiir ;classes pf. S<u louts i^i'snelr publio Univoi'Hity'cxilinljiations, on goncrnl literature and scieiic*, us mny be és tatilisho.l by n_ Senil t cs'tip) Voi ii tod under ordiiiiince ol' the CohiuiâPL'èèislàtùr'o,, wo nliôtittt'<Iv6i<lu'illy ' o'ljtM'.tto !niiy ^Uinviirsity system wdiiblr might liavo 'tlio 'olfcnt of'withdrawing fi'oci. bur'uwif Colh'iîiatoir.ulu tho sltulonts educatcd'in'our so-.' pnmta lïlooesaiï Institution.*." . 'x. Aü'wrn'.\u.\N fnoAtiii 'or .MISSIONS. Thq.olijjcty.of l|ie Austialian Board of Missions aro':twofold-.iJoiliemiü'áiid. Foreign. ' 1\. DomrMic- riio'cóiivóralóu und 'civillíntion af tl» AtistAîlian 'Ittocks.., - . 2\. For,';)/II.-- Tho <;biiver.siiïii anti,' civitlj-.iitiiin. or ibu lichl Ken races in all thu tslitudsbf tho VYost rn' I'liu-flo. '?, , , ... .... 'r.tiu'^dilllc.littleB to 'bo expeetnl', in,this work, p rlin|Mtto n groatorcxtoiit than lu in'othor M ls-¡ eillll's, liri»-.' '("'?. ..' ..' , i ,* '...' : i" .' ., 1." Tlio low slate of hhrbarlsni' lu which these, runes 'now.uro., ,; ' .. ;i, 2.' lu tl ie :Aitstraliait bliiok's, the unsettled ha bi;«"of »hp rare. . . .. '., , .. ¡il The m'liltipllcily uf languages and dialects, thryugliout^tliu,whole llehl^nf oporii'tions., . 4°. TljO.uiibVnitli'liiésri'of, uiiihy (|f ,tho, Aiisíra-, ii.slán'isl^uts' in.óertniii s(!fl«ùiispf the year, espe-j i-iiilíy-,ft«id)JíaVtMyy.<Oi^p)^LV|'r,. j .'.«,. \ , ..[. ,.. ? Tli'c^í..'ni^tillnr <<i(ili'ull>o;í|n,.«|iti.|w:.niiit by « phill of.'Aiis¿iii'iiiiry Vütiuh,¡'.di¡vi|ithigj in;;nitluy nri|íet!t3'l'rútii'ílic práctico úf. otLor Mlsuious. ',.V . : . ti it 'i ? '. ¡ I, ThifTpw »Me pf barbarism \n whleú the»* races now- me, seem« to require that a «eleni number »honld he liroughj. . under the most atreful training, wt » disw»ce frota their own tribes. - - -, . j 2. The unsettled habits of tho Australian Wacks require the same corrective, and further, suggest the necessity of providing religious in- struction for . thom rather by means of visiting Missionaries, than by fixed Mission stations. 8\. The multiplicity of languages makes it ne-' oessary to conduct instruction in sonae one lan- guage, common to all, which must be English. .. 4. The nnhealthinesB of many of the islands makes it advisable that. Missionnry action should be carried on rather by long visits* of tho English Missionaries, during the healthy season, than by the occupation of permanent Mission stations, j 