AMTI-TRANSl'ORTATIOX MEETING IN SYDNEY. (Abridged from the Sydney Papers.) On Tuesday evening a public meeting of the Australasian League took place in Malcolm's Circus, for the purpose of . taking into cash deration the lately expressed determination of Earl Grey, to continue transportation to Van Diemen's Land. The Circus was filled with a highly intelligent and orderly assemblage, numbering nearly 2000 persons, xr<w by the deep interest they evinced in the pr seedlings of i tim noting, displayed their continued earnestness in the anti-transportation cause. The President of the League, Mr Charles Cowper, M. L. C., occupied the chair. He stated, that a highly important document had that day been received from Port Phillip, It was an authentic report by Mr. Ki- g, corrected by Earl Grey himself, of what took place between the Secretary for the Colonies and Mr King, on the subject of transportation. He would call upon the Secretary to read it before proceeding with the business of the evening The Secretary then read the dose nent referred to, which was heard with strong marks of disapprobation. The Chairman resumed One of the reason for calling them together was. that in the pressing extremity of the circumstances it had been resolved to hold a Conference of the League at Hobart Town, and he had made preparations to depart for that p acJ in a few days. It was to enable him to convey to that almost de*ptir.ng-that almost heart broken Colony-mo assurance of the deep sympathy of the people of New South Wales in the deep industry which now overshadows) them, that this meting was called: and he was sure they would now, with s.nare hearts and ready voices, assert their determination to assist their oppressed brother Colonists, and to fight this battle with them. (Gtv'at thee in,'.) He repeated, this battle of Trans po tation must be fought, and they must join in fighting it. (t h em.) he was not a man who is, under ordinary circuin- ilanoe-t, liked the word fight; but even in its literal necessity, if they were compelled to fight against this unnatural and intolerable oppression, they w did not shrink from their duty. (A loud and enthusiastic burst of cheering:) They had much to euc arrange them in the six sets of their past efforts. The Order convert rug this c lony again into a penal settlement had been repealed though some amongst whom were entrance to the cause, their ennui ples were gaining much strength, and many who had hitherto kept aloof from the Anti transportation cause were joining suit. He had been highly gratified to see the noble and powerful manner in which the British Press had taken up their cause of late, and that although some of the English j areas were formerly in favor of transportation, yet the by had lately adv cases their cause, and called upon the Government not to make a cesspool of those leaves. The colonies had powerful friends and advocates in the mother country, both in Parliament and in the country, who would lend us their assistance in over by way likely to ensure success. With those gentlemen they of the League kept up a regular care spondence, and by this means were able to in fluence not only L ¡rd Grey, but the inhabitants of Great Britain also. If it was found that the punishment of than sport at on to these co onies < encouraged instead of prevented the commission of crime in the mother country. they would have the best possible argument against the persisting in a policy which would injure the nation instead of benefiting U They had the Legislatures of all the colonies with them in their struggle against this system. If Earl (Grey really desired to be acquainted with the deliberate opinions of the colonies, he would not long be kept in ignorance of them, if they had not air 'ody reached him. But if, in spite of the schedule rate expressions of the opinion and determination of the colo- in its, Earl Grey Would persevere in his un- just and iniquitous policy they must resort to other means to free themselves from a tyranny so oppressive. He would yield to no man in love and loyalty to the Queen. But there was a loyalty superior to the loyalty to the sovereign, a loyalty to themselves-to their own duties as Christians and as men, a loyalty to their wives and their children, and in the true spirit of this loyalty they were bound to resist to the death the curse of transportation immense cheering.) in a few days he should sail for Van Diemen's Land, and should be happy to be the bearers the sympa! hies and condolences to their noble-hearted but suffering brother colonists in that island (queens). Letters of apology for absence were lead from Messrs Wentworth, Donaldson, Darvill, and other a Air Lamb. At L.C., in moving the first resolve tiou,said-They had heard the letter of Mr King read, and certainly, though he was not fond of ming ugly names, Those who suffer dent in that document to warrant them in speaking their minds in pretty plain terms about L uti Grey. There was in it a note evidence of the undisguised deter mination of the minister, to per severe in that iniquitous course of insult and injury to the colonists which he had been pursuing against petition and remonstrance, against pledged words and solemn promises, for to long a period. (Cheers.) It was not the first time the Minister had insulted and injured the colonists. It was not they but the i I he had boldly ii'Bui ted that the free and untainted immigrant population of the colonies I was no better than the convict element, with which it was his earnest desire to inundate them, and he called on every im- night and every son of an immigrant in these Australasian colonies to i open to this gross and insulting slander in li the scorn it deserved, (Loud cheers, and yells for Earl Grey.) This was the language the JHnis'or I had addressed to the Parliament of Great Britain, and it was to such calumnies alone that was to be attributed the apathy of that brim- in redressing their grievances. But 1913 him it was now come when those insidious misrepresent ations must be sup posed. The Laghdatiiro of a Van Diemen's Land had done its duty nobly | It find boldly expressed its opinion against the cure of transportation. In a noble and high minded spirit they had cast from them all the offers of public works now roads and j bridges-they had put temptation out of the way, by solemnly declaring they would have none of them, if such advantages were to be purchased by convict associations (Cheers.) This was indeed a noble staid, and right glad was he that the meeting had been called to express its admiration of the con dust of their friends in Van Die men's land, Mid to assure them of continued sympathy and assistance from this colony He thought the time for parties 'living on this question was fast passing away and that it was necessary already that the colonists should upok out in a very dealing out stone. They had found prayers. and supply cations, petitions and remonstrances, unusual. ing, and they must now assert their light, and their determination to obtain that right. The case of these colonies was a deplorable and unhappy one. Much as they might wish and none could wish more than costly than he did to present vc their connexion with t0 Crown of Great Britain, a connexion he believed a like advance nous and degn lied both to the colonies and the put out countryside, under a policy like this, K'guidhss of the feelings and interests of the people here, the hour of' sugar - lion, bitter and angry s p 1 tion. must sooner later arrive, (Cheers, and cries of "the scene the I ettin.") No, he could not to by the MJ UKI the bottom Lot. England change her policy Instead of liar simons and open sea a, lot In r t out but c lorries with kindness and juiti'o.nntJ then it would be better for all parties that Am, until a should still be allied to her. Archdc'ac'ouJi'Jiutiiocsçcufidod the resolution. J He said it was no use to talk any. question was, what were they to do?" Wero'tV. to stand suit in despair? Alert assured!, say the evil they complained of no longer affected them directly, but it came by indirect means In increased and increasing fUM, The circle, " council had been repealed, but the under currents from Van Diemen's Land was still 800". "" It was a sa moralist that became forward to the State this question During twenty years if his life he had excited him and constantly to advance the moral welfare, and ameliorate the Z' cial and political position of the unfortunate,.' prisoners ; turn was mi j: fossil de to do this if there was no cessation to the size mi of crime, and the time had come when the evil nuutbepi-tastom . near ely, if they did not wish all their carts to l! les!, and all their philanthropy of boxthorn away. He came forward, therefore, as aged. mater. in the hope of averting that convulsion which must take place if this evil were waiting used (Cheers.) it was impossible for any man to shut his eyes to the rea say. if this were Is co turned, a frightful convulsion would invite ally entire. (Renewed cheering.) But he looked upon the League as a safety- valve whereby the expected explosions might be averted; bets, lieved the League was the best means, not only of insuring the r social and political happiness but of maintaining their connexion with the Mother Country Let him find some other place; let him barham with the Emperor of Russia for some appropriate spot on which to build gao s and ruf rm criminals. (Loud cheers and laughter ) No doubt convicts should be red smell. No doubt they ought, if p, liable to serve their ening brethren j but let them serve themselves first charity begins at home! How" could they a free Colony, content to take England's goods with one hand, on condition of taking England's felons with the others? Sooner would they take a hint from their friends across the Pacific- (cheers), and cut the painter. (Tremendous cheering.) Whew would Earl Grey then find a market for his commerce, or a receptacle for his felons? But he heartily wished it otherwise ; he yet hoped England and her Colonies might go hand in hand; but if they were compelled by message. averment to separate themselves from England, on England would rest the tremendous responsibility. (Cheers ) Let them once more complete Her Majesty to dismiss her Mr. sisters from her Council, and BO maintain the connexion between those Co Jones and he Grows. If their rulers would seek to divert them instead of driving them, he was convinced that in no part of Her Majesty's wide dominion could be found farmer or more loyal! hearts than in Australia. He treated the Queen would yet see the truth, and say to Lord (they, " My dear friend, you have been rain. ing me in the Colonies-in God's name, p and look after your own affairs." (Ljuj, cheers.) Mr C Kemp said, that a Delegate from these Colonies, wishing to impress on Her Ma. jesty's Ministers the fearful consequence likely to arise from the system of transportation to these Colonies being persisted in could not use a more powerful argument than to draw his attention to the three speeches which they had just heard. (Hear, hear) Here were the gentlemen of different pursuits dilhVnt turns of mind, and different kinds of education, all u. pressing their anxious fears that unless a thugs in Her Majesty's councils take place, a serious collision would occur between the Parent State and the Colony. (Cheers ) These gentlemen are well known to the Colonists us peaceable citizens ; they are not mere factious demagogues, but express the real sentiments which they feel, and would not do so unless they felt themselves imperatively called upon. (Mr Kemp then alluded to the recent split in the Cabinet, and spoke severely of the falseness of Earl Grey in reference to the Moreton Bay question.) Mr G K II pit ii, in moving the second race- but! n, said, I have the, more pleasure in submitting to you this in tion became I recog arise in the recent proceedings of the Tanna. man Legislature, as well as in those of this Colony, evidence of the rapid advance of the League in its constitutional and hitherto peaceful struggle. And I will even v. ultra to stay (despite of the wicked provocation given by Earl Grey, to a breach of the peace), an end it of our speedy and bloodless triumph. (Cheers.) The justice of our cause has been portrayed by means of the League in sunless, and by a sudden intervention of Providence, it tM Leen emblazoned in letters of gold. (Cheers.) We have carried its light to every Colonial hustings, and into every ball of Colonial legislation w o are now conveying it through the British PICKS to the British people and Parliament and although the 1st place it may reach may be the. d uk purlieus of Downing. Street, the one-eyed Belshazzar whoruleslbere may yet see the ghost of this League writing before him on the wall, Mens ment TM Vß/iarsin."-Thy kingdom is depicted! (Loud cheers ) In New South Wales the effect of the gold disc every was to place at our mercy Earl Grey's own parliamentary guns either be thrown overboard or to be nstda^ainithim- self While we were in the very act of taking the greatest of these guns, he turned his me go round the right way, and was thus spared for our service and our enemy's bitter discuss turn ; and filth ugh this old gun may fire a sly kick at his new allies, reminiscent of an old grudge no matter; we can uff rd to give him a wide berth we can let him off' with > tag match, and all we hope is, the more he kicks, the better may be car. y. (Laughter andrews.) It appears, however, that Earl Grey will only keep faith with the conquest of New South Wales all those condition of their breaking! faith with their constituents ! No sooner do they show themselves honest as a body, and refuse to return his tools, than he opens a new treaty with individual traits: s. We may send the twelve Apostles, it reponse, to represent us in Council. Let him only find one Judns member representing one Ircarlot province, and beaten to offer the bamboos a separate government for the ospt'CBJ pul case of converting the whole continent through it into a convict Aceldarra, (Cheers.) But there is one feature in this Case which gives it an air of ridicule, almost equal to that of its wickedness. Eager as Earl Grey li is shown himself to act the role of the Chief Pest, it is quite possible he may present himself to be hooted on the stage alone, in my jingle his thirty pieces of silver without finding any Judas, to receive his brake At the very time when he is plotting- in London to break through statute law and public faith, in order to satisfy the supposed cravings of the ghouls of Moreton Bay for convicts rejected by New South Wnle°,lMsbarc elects two opponents <» trans- station as its representative, ult proving that the principles of the League are paramount even in Moreton Bay, and that Earl Grey's policy cannot find support from any colonial cons Putney, where the Child There are beginning to outnumber the large room. Mr Holden t read the anti-convict resolution! recently passed by the Tasmanian Legislature, and concluded When these r*>o!uli»M reached England, and with them the corresponding protests of all the Australian Colo- rivers, and when they shall he submitted to the British Legislature,' then, and not till laws may we can order the question between these Colonies and the Home Government a few at home. Until our appeal to the Butiwi as' tion and Parliament has absolutely failed, 1 stone will refuse to transfer the indignation which the loathsome to many of Earl Grey a excited in my bosom, to the yet venerated name of England. (Loud cheers.) Mr Jam is Norton seconded Vno resolutions speaking mainly of the necessity for ftftnfoi ness in the representatives of the people *"? the wisdom of stopping the supplies u" this question was settled. Mr Piddington followed, and Ker and ing on the declaration of bold John KING " that convicts should not in any case he was on Colonies against the will of the people of the" Colonies," said he f mud by a return, shows total committals in one year in the now. country were 20,000, only 2,500 of »'"'OT**' sentenced U> transport tation. What a dread l calamity must it be to have men of BUILD a fact as sent among them. Talk of states the demands of labour with e*P°r'°a.c,I animals ! What a drop in the bucket tim nu» but of 2000 was to the leqiiiiuiuoiitsol WJ Collar; it reminded him of a wicket ID 4 min f of filling do-or-die opened door' "jWinWW ibtiMmol unraigulion buih"'|jntly We. who dmiiBiitls of lab us', and the Secretary of the Colonies fancied he was satisfying the demands by opening Ills insisting" 'Hint vile of convicts. I'llsOHOiswuieneiit here will ' asset through, all the val limb staples J ulm had been trained in all the colleges s ci time in the iiiotlioi-cmiiitiy. , was 'all like the notorious gang of Frowley [a large, new banished from Great '0 view pi m (for unoffending and""'" their depredations and their outrages. Mr T Campbell, M H C, moved the third resolution. He United they were prepared, if called on, to enter into this contest, caused by the unworthy subterfuges of the unworthy star want of their beloved Sovereign, to do their duty as men and BWlons, proud of their birthright and heritage of freedom which had been be quenched to them by their forefathers. If all these petitions, these memorials, the- mail steamers, were to be disregarded, it the doors of justice and of national affects n were to be closed against them, they must downed their, own poop o had done before thcm^iisscrt their rights, and maintain them against Every hard- ship every cruelty, even against death itself, if 'all the prayers of the colonists were to be disre- gardeners every interest of these ( colonists was to be reached by the tyrannical will of a Minister, let the people strive to that Minister for it they will not submit to such injustice and indignity. Let the Co onists of Van Diemen's I and seize the very note floating past hour of that arrived in their harbour, and turn its inmates back into the waters. (Cheers). ' The resolution was seconded by Mr Flood, 'M L C, and supported, in a very poetical speech, by Mr Gilbert Wright. TUr Henry Parkes agreed with previous speakers that the time for d*litn>-nti >n and argument wits past. (Cheers ) Why, they had deliberate d over years, they had exhausted all argument. The iiMtter now resolved itself into a stope on sion of train at right; and I they had only to consider how best to vindic ile this" right. (Cheers.) Will, then, what was to be do so? Asa for people as men, they could not retreat from their position; they could no longer go through the far of of roman castrating against an injustice which was par sever d in with an utter disregard to their wishes and their interest; they must d > something else. (It is cheers.) He was well pleased to hear the >ir President. Mr 0>wp< r, , talk officiating. (Chief r i and laughter ) Know- ing the mild character of' that gentleman, he was at first half afraid that he was hardly stern enough for the duties which might be called up n to put' me in his mission to Van Diemen's Land. After citing the example of the American c domes, the speaker proceeded. ' Th .). were about to send Mr Cowper as a delegate to the Confer on 'of theLeajujat Hobart 'Town. When he approached the shores of the Slant homo of those sturdy and stout hearted patriots he (Mr Z makes) hoped the bracing in theatres of their climate would make, that gentleman even better than he had been in his speech that evening and if the Tasmanian colonists should determine 11 resist the landing of any more convicts, that he would solemnly assure them the inhabitants of New South Wales were ready to assemble again in some place under Heaven, where all the people could be gathered to ratify all the close done, and to share in all the cars quences (Loud cheers.) The example of the Cape colonists was before them. The time was come M h in their only course was t3'f.illow I hit stamp e, and whenever a prison ship she mUl ac ive in the Derwent or in any other port, to resist at all hazrds the landing of the men thus tyranny early forced upon us. He most since ely hoped they would not be driven to Ilia calls in she hinted at by their respected member, Mr Campbell-that of tumbling the prisoners into the sea; but whatever sufferings might ensue-at whatever sner fines, they were now bound to stand by each other in the protect! m of their own liberties. There were times when men had no right to look round for consequences ; when they were bound by all that was dear and sacred to advance. He believed this was a time for such conduct (Cheers.') He had come to the meeting determined to put it to them whether the time had not arrived f r the Van Diemen's Land Colonists to let assist the landing of the Convicts. (L ud chef as ). He could see no other way to act rid of flies cm d onddeso'atin.r agitation. He therefore solemnly asked that meeting if they agreed with him the th ' time for this decisive action is id arrived with him to hold up their light hands in the af- firm alive. (Here the bp and held up his hand, and was responded to by the hands of nearly all in the body of the meeting.) This he accept d' n a pledge of their honest and Born us determination in the matter. In the name of that meeting in would request their respected Deb'sato to convey to the colonists of Van Diemen's Land that the people of New South Wales was prepared to s and by them in resisting the debarkation of any further importations of convicts on their shoes. After some remarks from Messrs Lloyd and Simmons, the meeting dissolved, with three vociferous eh er- for the ( chairman, as their representatives The Conference. 