SIR HENRY YOUNG AND THE BULLION ACT. If it were possible for a public journalist to trace through a long life the effect of his writings on mankind, it would be a melancholy task to discover how often they had failed of their intended obiect. and how often the arduous and incessant exertions to which the conductors of the press are condemned, could be shown to have resulted as fruitlessly as though they had been employed in beating the empty air. It is not often that a public writer can direct men's minds, though the cant of the profes sion asserts otherwise; but it is a privilege con ferred' by his position to divine the immature and half-spoken opinions of the people among whom he resides, and by forestalling their complete expres sion, to gain a reputation for prescience and origi nality which is earned, in fact, only by watchful observation and the tact of adaptation. And even in this respect it sometimes happens that , a public writer is deceived or disappointed^ and finds that he has only ' sown to the wind, to reap the whirl wind.' But. if the mortification be great when his labours thus fruitlessly result, not even the most casehardened veteran in literary warfare could steel his conscience against compunction, if he could ap prehend the pernicious consequences of writings wherein he had wantonly sacrificed honesty to party purposes or professional fame. If we are to believe in the philosophy of one who,' of all unin spired men, is supposed to have had the greatest power in appreciating human character and de scribing the consequences of human conduct — ? u The evil that men do lives' after them, The good is oft interred with their bones.' Of perversions of the uses of the press such as we allude to, we have never met with a more gross case than in the instance of a letter addressed to Sir Henry Young, which the Adelaide Times* of yesterday admitted to its columns. It contains 'an unprovoked, unjust, and injudicious attack; on the character of the Governor; but why, the writer has not stated. The-drift of the article, second to its abuse of His Excellency, is abuse of the , Bullion Act ; and notwithstanding the command of language and illustration which the writer evidently possesses, it would be difficult to understand what it is he com plains of. Sir Henry Young is blamed for having formerly expressed principles adverse to the Bullion Act ; he is then blamed for having pasred the Act in compliance with the wishes of the colonists, and he is next blamed, for not doing something else, which as far as our knowledge goes, he has not yet been asked to do. ' An Old Hand ' has raised a ghost of His Excellency for the pleasure of fight ing the shadow . of his own creation ; and as the letter is No. 1, we shall expect to see many a ter rible attack oh this convenient enemy. Though the allegations on which ' An Old Hand' proceeds may be ' as baseless as the fabric of a vision,' no matter, so long as they serve as pretexts for giving vent to a~ certain amount of venom which has evidently been bottled up for the occasion. The writer has, however, reckoned without his host in this matter ; the public are better judges of the real state of the case than Is ' An Old Hand,' and view the attack on Sir Henry Young for his connexion with the Bullion Act as an insult to the good sense of the community, and as a mistake. When the Governor has answered the memorial from tbe Banks, which has not yet been presented, he will then be open to criticism and remark for the course he may choose to take ; but he is not tbe 'more likely p be induced to comply with the wishes of the community because an anonymous writer has assumed a conclusion and has made it the occa sion for opening a volley of vulgar bounce. What course the Governor wili take in the grave emer gency which is evidently in prospect for the Banks can be known to no one ; probably not even to him self until the whole effect of the six months' operation of the Bullion Act is _ placed before him. The law which shields an individual from prematare condemnation jontil the facts in his favour toe kaoim has surely noi less force in protecting men in office from the responsibility of steps they have never taken; and, however it may sometimes be sup posed to suit; the purposes of a newspaper to over look the restrictions of ordinary justice, or to sacri- « fice them lap the gratification of personal or political enmity/ it is still a crime which public opinion will brriid with odium. 'It is most excellent to have a giant's strength, But 'tis most villainous to use it like a giant' - : If it be£he interest of the colonists (and nobody can doubt it), to remedy the acknowledged defect of the present Bullion Act, he is no true friend who adopts a line of conduct which cannot in any possible way assist the object sought to be attained, but which, by' creating irritation and increasing difficulties, has an evident tendency to endanger a successful issue. The wisdom of ' An Old Hand ' may perhaps bo able to show why it is essential that in order to pass a Legislative measure, in which Sir Henry Young - has, in our opinion, as -great a political interest as any individual in this community, he should be taunted with what he has already done, and reproached for that which he has not done. , v . , 