GEELONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday, February 11, 1852. About eleven o'clock yesterday morn- as the greater number of the shops had el used, in honor of the Regatta, 'according to an arrangement made on Saturday last; and numerous parties were seen wending their way to the scene of enjoyment, dressed out. in their Sun ! day toggery. The banks, for a considerable distance on either side the jetties, were well sprinkled with respectably dressed people, and the logs and piles of timber that lay scattered along the beach were tolerably well clothed with humanity. The Committee had engaged a band of music for the occasion, which lent additional attraction. Owing to some little mismanagement the first men of the day, the Lighters' race, did not start till after twelve o'clock ; but a gun from the flagship having announced as ready, a second gun got them fairly under weigh with an excellent start, j Four were ordered, and stated. As the vessels went off in a direct line from the Wharf it was impossible to see how they behave in [ making for the first lady. . They appealed, however, to keep well together until they neared that a hi rounding It, the Otway led the van, followed by the Elizabeth, Water Witch, | and Wildun. They all maintained this position till rounding the last buoy from the flag ship, when they got the wind In their tooth and had to beat up to goal. The Otway still managed to show the rest of the fleet the war, and e the first to the winning post, but unfortunately ran foul of' it, The next vessel that came in was the Water Witch, declared by the Commodore to be the winner, on account of the Otway's fouling the buoy. She was followed by the Elizabeth, the William bringing up the roar, Being apprehensive that the breeze might I son the away, it was thought advisable to get the first-class sailing boats off, and allow the whaleboat rise to so low it. Accordingly, the boats took their stations at the wharf, on the word of the sun. The third gun b ¡ng fund, | they got well away in a beautiful start. As, In woven, into the lighters, They showed us their sterns all the way across the bay. The, re was no chance of seeing which John had the lead There were five started, t at the 1'. same roof the Andromache, winning in gallant sty u. The next race was for five-oared whaleboats. Three entered and started, viz the laugh is shillings, William McCann, and Hit, or Miss. The Laugh n-biilhigh Maried Jewish the loud and maintained at the ghost. On r- finding the buoy, the Finished ballagh was about 20) yards, ahead of the Will if'l-C'a», and the latter boat about a quarter ('of a mile ahead of the Hit or Miss, but on coming down to the winning-post, he Will if I can make a desperate effort is in gullies about 1/JOyariN on her opponent the Though a ball high winning beautifully fertile honour of Ould Ireland, William Cup being the sec Mid be at, the Hit-, r MRS a long way behind, and half full of water 'The fourth was an almost up match between the Laugh a bring and Wil -roll-call b its, 11 which your humble servant and the li nor of any h agent to 'his winnings w, m h as he may detain a the dishonour ol'iMiklnii her life the race, having dipped for a crab on coming home. However, the J'atigli- n-b.ill.igli crew won by half a length. The Just and in >. t amusing case of the day was the Drink Race, the Duck kept dodging round a whale 1 on', until he dropped one of his sculls, when the whaler made a rush them, and drove him into the writer be was so tired, 'n' ing. however, only one minute to spare. the day went off most agreeably, and every one appeared satisfied. To day, again, two-thirds of the shops are el'Si and the weather is charming, with every appearance of good and abundant sport altogether, our Regatta will be of much more pleasantly than was anticipated. The Cup a hundred guinea race, most unfortunately was!" not come off for want of boats to enter. 