To the Editors of the Sydney Homing Herald, GENTLEMI:*,-The respectable dwellers in the vicinity of the Queen's Wharf were much astonished to find that only one applicant had his license refused in that quarter (as per report in this morning's Herald), it being notorious that there are other licensed houses near the same spot which are conducted in a manner similar to the above-hotieod house. They are continually resorted to by the same females, who perambulate from one house to the other every evening from seven o'clock until midnight, to the annoyance and disgust of every respectable passer-by. Doctor Mackellar, while being examined at the Police-office yesterday, was about to explain his knowledge of the other houses, as to the manner of conducting their business, when he was interrupted by one of the gentlemen on the Bench, who asked his opinion about the Brickfield-hill Ghost ! The enquiry caused the Bench, the lawyers, the "Blues,'"' and the auditory to become convulsed with laughter so much so that one of the " unwashed" enjoyed the enquiry in a manner that the Bench ordered him to be ejected from the Court by force. The result was, that the explanation about to be given by the Doctor was no farther inquired into by reason of the merriment just stated. A memorial to the Sydney Bench is in course of preparation by the complaining dwellers in the above-named vicinity, coupled with the published statements of Messrs. C. H. Salmon. M. Mackellar, C. Mitchell, and E. Lane, as to how far the other nightly singing shops are entitled to be indulged with a night license. By inserting this you will oblige, Yours. OBSERVER. Lower Georgc-street, May 6. [If the respectable residents had made complaints against the other houses referred to, we presume the result would have been the some; but if those most interested do not interfere, the magistrates can scarcely refuse a license.] The Thames Police Magistrate put one of the provisions of the Mercantile Marine Act in force, for the first time, last Saturday. William Seaborne shipped at New York in the Ellen Simpson, under a false name, with the object, apparently, of avoiding the disco- very that he had deserted from another ship. The new law affixes a penalty of £5 for the offender, to be paid to the Board of Trade from wages due to the seaman. Mr. Ingham inflicted the fine Spectator. 