REV. DR. CAHILL'S SECOND LETTER. TO THE RIGHT HON. THE EARL OF DERBY. " Midway and exactly in front of the central or Presi- dent's pavillion, and about one-third distance between it and the bridge of Jena, rose a chapel, seventy-five feet from the base to the summit ; and on a platform, twenty- three feet high, was built the altar. Four Pilasters, with superincum- bent arches corresponding to the four sides of the Champ de Mars, and surmounted by cornices, supported the dome, which was covered with gilded scale work ; and high over all those emblems of peace or war rose the cross. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . " When the gun gave the signal, the Archbishop, arrayed in full canonicles, commenced the Mass of the Holy Ghost. At the moment of the Elevation another salute was fired ; the drums beat to arms ; the trumpets sounded the advance ; sixty thousand men presented arms, the whole of the infantry kneeling, and the officers not in command bent on one knee to the earth, with head uncovered. The multitude on the mounds took off their hats. When Mass was over the Archbishop, surrounded by the officiating Clergy, proceeded to where the eagles were arrayed round the altar. Ha raised his voice to chant the prayer, ' Adjutorium nos- trum in nomine Domini,' and the Clergy respon- ded, ' Amen.' After the ' Oremus Omnipotens sempiternus Deus,' the Prelate sprinkled the flags with holy water, and blessed them, and then took his seat on a throne, and assumed the mitre, " When the prayer was ended the Archbishop blessed the standards, and gave for the whole army th kiss of peace, with the words, ' Pax tibi ;' and the foremost standard-bearer, rising from the ground pressed to his lips the Pontifical ring, and then resumed his place. One hundred salutes from the canon of the bridge of Jena accompanied the bless- ing of the eagles. The Prelate then stood erect, arrayed in mitre and in cope, and holding the crosier raised his hand aloft, and gave an univer- sal blessing to the army and the people, and another salute announced that the religious ceremony was over.". . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... —(Extract from account of the " Parisian fetes," May I0th, I852) May I7th, I852, Dublin. My Lord Earl—The extract just quoted is a satis- factory and significant refutation of all the calum- nious bigotry which, during the last two years, has been unceasingly directed against the Catholic Church by the leaders of the British parliament. But when your lordship glances at the first paragraph above, and sees the chapel, the altar and the cross in front of the President's pavillion, and the army, it is not difficult, I presume, to read in the picture before you the decision of glorious France, uttered in favour of Catholicity, and expressed in haughty defiance of the late tyrannical legislation of bigotted England—and when, in the second paragraph, you gaze on the Archbishop of Paris, in full Pontificals, commencing the Mass of the Holy Ghost ; and when trumpets sound, and drums beat, and officers in command uncovered bend the knee to the earth ; and when sixty thousand men present arms as the Host is raised beneath the blue vault of Heaven, hear, my lord, hear, amidst the discharge of one hundred pieces of artillery, hear the proud answer of ancient Gallia (published from the brazen throats of the guns of Marengo) to the insolence of Truro, the baseness of Russell, the perfidy of Minto, the filth of Drummond, and the obscenity of your own Spooner. My lord, will you do yourself the justice to take a farewell look at this scene in the third paragraph, and as you behold the Catholic Bishop standing erect, arrayed in mitre, holding the crosier, with his hand raised aloft, giving a universal blessing to the people and the army, will you understand, at last, the stupid folly of the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill. See the difference between the low buffoonery of the En- glish Chancellor and the, grave respect of the Presi- dent of the French Republic. Look at the blasphe- mous impostors of Exeter Hall, and the crested war- riors of the Champ de Mars on bended knee. Com- pare your London ferocious mob with the crimson, glittering legions of France, presenting arms to the God of battles in the Eucharistic Host. Compare St. James's with the Tuilleries. Look on this picture and on that ; and, from the example of France, and from every page of ancient and modern Christian history, leave for once the insane policy of deciding the Gospel by parliamentary majorities—settling Faith by " trial by jury"—reforming the world by unbelieving statesmen—binding the conscience with chains of Swedish iron, and subjecting the doc- trine of grace to the decisions of the Old Bailey. For two centuries after the fatal era of what is called " the Reformation," the history of Ireland in reference to Catholics, had but one page of spolia- tion, persecution, and death. The growing civilisa- tion of the last century, and the forgetfulness of national injuries, relaxed somewhat the tyranny of our oppressors, and for the last hundred years we have been receiving some social and political favours from the state, subject however, to occasional transports of governmental insult and religious calumny. Whenever there was a chance of social union or commercial progress, your national policy always raised the red flag of religious discord to weaken our strength, to divide our energies, and to beggar our trade. Your legislation furnished the cup, mixed the draught, and kept the wretched Irish in dis- traction, delirium, and poverty. England stands before Heaven charged with the plunder and death of Ireland, by a guilt as clear as that of the footpad who robs the unprotected traveller, or as much as the assassin who administers the poison to his victim Our history according to the testimony of some of your best statesmen, is an unbroken record of tyrannical conquest, licentious spoliation, merciless persecution, and religious intolerance. But during the period of which I speak, your official English ancestors divided us by covert stratagem—never by open avowed declaration ; they moved their subordi- nates by secret springs, and these again re-acted upon other secondary schemes of state machinery —and our rivers became idle, and our harbour deserted, and our factories ruined, and our cities reduced by the silent but infallible laws of state bribery and state perfidy ; and Ireland became ex- hausted of almost all her national resources with as much mechanical certainty as the turning of the course of an old river dries up the original bed, and carries the waters into a different channel. Your nation perpetrated these wrongs on my country, and inflicted deliberate injustices on Ireland which the most brilliant pen of the most learned patriotic Irish historian never can depict in all the inhuman horrors of their just realities. Your nation has done all this my lord, with a refinement of cruelty that has never been surpassed ; and your blood- stained laws have sent us, in hundreds of thousands, naked and starving, and friendless exiles to mark the mariner's track over the ocean, as the putrid dead sank in the moaning deep—to fall exhausted by suffering on the highways of the stranger, the poor forlorn out- casts of Ireland—and to publish through the world wherever your English tongue is spoken, the tyran- nies of your country and the unmitigable cruelties of your rule. But former statesmen had decency in their injustice, and they had decorum in their language—former parliaments evinced discretion in their harangues, and never shocked the public taste by obscenities. Judges of former times pro- nounced sentence without vulgar jibes, and the ex- ecutioners of the law despatched their victims without poisoning the edge of the axe, or steeping the rope in vitriol. Neither you, my lord, or your predecessor have thonght it necessary to imitate these ancient councillors of state, nor have you followed Pitt, Canning, or Peel, in the elocutionary part of your high office ; and the subordinates of your administra- tion have caught the example of their principles, and hence the world, all men of letters and delicate taste have to deplore the filthy effusions of your employe, Mr. Spooner, and your right-hand man, Mr. Walpole. I have seldom read anything to equal the lying abominations of the one, or the degrading official sanction tendered by the other. And when parlia- ment descends to ratify palpable lies by their de- cision, and to lay the basis of law on the lower foun- dation of obscene calumnies, like one hell below another hell, that government becomes damned in public opinion, and must sink beneath the condemna- tion and the horror of universal mankind. When I read the unnameable statement of your Spooner, and when the sense of common decency made me shudder at the slanderous abominations of the parliamentary orator ! and British senator ! and when the wretched man talked of God, and grace, and the Gospel, and chastity, and Christian faith, I could not well account for the incongruous effect produced on my mind by this apparent sanctified utterance, till I recollected Pope's versification on the satires of Dr. John Dunne Dean of St. Paul's, and this at once explains some few of the singular results of Mr. Spooner's theo- logy— " Disgusting—worse—more wretched far indeed, Is he who makes his meal on others' creed ; 'Tis changed, no doubt, from what it was before, His rank digestion leaves it creed no more. Faith, passed through him, no longer is the same As food digested, takes another name ; Wicked as Panders, who in early years, Think sins, which Prisc's confessor never hears." In reading the speeches reported to be delivered in the British parliament during the last two years, in reference to Ireland and Catholicity, one is irresis- tibly carried away by the combined feelings of con- tempt and indignation, to see the " most enlightened" parliament in Europe, or the world, professing the doctrine of civil and religious liberty, and yet, sitting night after night in a confederacy of religious persecution, which has seldom been equalled, utter- ing notorious falsehood, making, mis-statements in matters of fact known to the whole world, publish- ing the most degrading lies, speaking obscenities unknown in the lowest haunts of London debauchery and charging the Catholic Faith, and the Catholic profession of upwards of two hundred and fifty mil- lions of the population of the world, with crimes which our creed abhors, and at which our souls shudder. Where is the man of candour and of honour who must not look on this unceasing scene of shameful and disgusting public slander and filthiness as the forerunner of some terrible national catastrophe, where the seat of wisdom is changed into a den of jibes and buffoonery—where the temple of virtue is defiled by a loathsomeness of idea and language only understood in the vilest purlieus of iniquity, and where the assertions, and the assuran- ces, and the oaths of one-third of her Majesty's sub- jects in these countries are set at nought, and rejec- ted with a ribald insult, and a cowardly jibe, below the character of common decency, below the rank of the meanest breeding. Verily, my lord earl, you are very near some stroke of God's anger, and verily, the whole world will add, that you richly deserve it. But my lord, it is gravely stated by those who seem to know your mind very well, that you have no intention whatever of carrying out your motion even for an enquiry, into the doctrine taught at Maynooth. These interpreters of your sentiments say that your heart could execute any degradation on the Catholic Church, but that your prudence is not entirely so bigoted as your feelings. Such an inquiry as you contemplate, is, no doubt, intended as an insult to our creed, and may be perhaps, the pre- limiuary step to penalties and injustice ; but while we deplore the mad cry of " No-Popery," which your predecessor originated, and which you continue we are not afraid of the most searching inquiry, founded on truth and decided by an impartial tribunal. During the fifty-eight years which have elapsed since the foundation of Maynooth, the allegiance of the Priesthood educated in that college is without a stain ; and the judicial records of Ireland bear undis- puted testimony to their universal character as the advocates of public order, the abettors of peace, and the sincere supporters of the laws. And with such universal uniformity does the Catholic Church ex- ecute her discipline and her laws, that the testimony of all Christian history in every country bears vene- rable and unbroken evidence of our obedience to the laws, and of our loyalty to the throne. The late revolutions of Europe mention the name of no Catholic Priest as implicated in disloyalty ; and this uncontradicted fact is a commentary on the speech of your accomplished friend, Mr. Spooner, which speaks to the world in a mute eloquence, even more conviu- cing than the elegant extracts of your co-orator, Mr. Walpole. We do not dread an inquiry ; the learning of the professors, the course of the studies, the suitableness of the disciplne, the decorous harmony of the public order, are so many points in our brief which must win the distinguished applause of the public inquirers. No Sir, the inquiry which is offered in insult will and must eventuate in our advantage. We can well defend our theology. We teach the theology of France, to which the Russells, the Palmerstons, the Derbys, the Wellingtons, and the Truros of France, bent uncovered to the earth on the I0th of May in the Champs de Mars. Do you hear me, my lord ? We preach the gospel, and we worship at the altar, and we bow before the cross, to which the glorious French legions offered their homage on the I0th May, amidst the discharge of one hundred pieces of French ordnance. Are you listening to me, my lord ? We teach the treatises which Austria teaches, where your nation has been openly and publicly insulted—where your ambassador is at this moment barely tolerated, and where the person called " our own correspondent" is no longer permitted to publish his foul anti-Catholic slanders from Vienna to London. We teach the theology of Spain, which your predecessors in office have robbed. Of Portugal, which your government bought and sold. We teach with small difference, the theology of Russia, where your ambassador is at this moment obliged to net the part of Jack Pudding, and to how consent to thft-doc.tr,ineB. diafitrured by the loathsome slime of ?your elegant friend, Mr: Spooner. I tell you, my lord. With all the personal respect, due by me to your h'jrh name, and to youi lofty station, that you will m-t perspvore in your scheme of inquiry ; and 1 further add, as a matter of course, that you will not withdraw the Mavnooth grant. Finely, then, my lord, in the speeches of your subordinates, your false chanres are directed more \- peainfit the doctrines of our Church than against the priesthood. Now, Sir, our doctrines are the same is those of Franco, Naples. -Bavaria, Austria, Bel ' pimn.Spa'n. Portugal. und (so far as yonr official thedloffian ha« ropp) thp sim* as Russia. Now .my lord. I cannot believe that. England will, wiihout #ny i»st cause, except for ?? vengeance,' insult^ all 'ihft CaUiolir flirts of Europe. I CHtinot believe that for £26. 000. a year you will insult Prince Albert's family, offend the nearest connections of Kin* T-enpoR make the Queen of Portugal look on ?you with horrnr. compel Lord Westmorland to make a necon'l apology to the Emperor of Austria, and ?have ??? our own correspondent' reRhuttlecocked out '.iif.e.vprv corner of the globe. And it e.aji never be 'forgotten, while speaking of this imperial British iimilt to all the CuOiolics of Europe, that it, is a -rnon«trous. basi' slander, and a hug-\ undefined., nnlirritpfl lie. uhiph no one can ever seize to catch ?hold of, because, like the horison, we are always (tanking at it. .But it never can be overteken or destroyed till ihe sun of 'England sets — '? Oh ! Lord ??'? 1iow long !' Secondly - I do not believe that the Queen's min isters will even -advise her to put her signature to a ?dnoarhent which will contradict the acts o; her yrandfatlier and her uncles, and which might: expose ..our beloved Sovereign to the hatred of Europe which would brand her reign as going back on the road of civilisation, alienate the. affections of her devoted subjects, »ml al-ays recollecting that the whole .scheme is founded on falsehood and '? vengeance.' Thirdly — The withdrawal of the. grant, referred to would hive the effect of making Ireland more discon tented than at any period of our former history, , aprnrian disturbance would be multiplied ; the lives ,of landlords he more endangered ; the country would ibecome one howling desert, or be converted into one /large military barrack. I cannot then imagine that ?any government, however disposed to bigotry or persecution, could originate a law which must produce as its natural and necessary results such an aggregate , .of evils; and having the additional grievances of .the whole system, being based on the most notorious dies and the most loathsome bigotry. ?Fourthly — In the event of your success in this .measure, there can be no reasonable ground for con tinuing the temporalities of the Church Establish ment. The Methodists think that your universities and yonr Church teach the most damnable doctrines in reference to your Bishops and your Thirty-nine /.Articles. Tbo -Unitarians think the same, and that you are at once blasphemers and idolators. The ' Presbyterians say -thai a Bishap is a public impos .ture— thattbe eicrht millions and a half given to your bloated, plethoric Church is a national sin, and a .public robbery, and a hoary lie. The Chartists insist that a cheap loaf is their Bishop, and that they ' will die sooner than give up their worship of cheap (bread and .cheap beef. If, my lord, Mr. Cobden, or Rome such man, raise the cry of ?' cheap Church' in England (Maynooth being no more). I undertake to say, from a very intimate knowledge of the premises ,tb.at in seven years h' will carry h's popular measure .against your Church through parliament with the same wild enthusiasm with which Lord John Russell carried his late penal enormity against the Catholic .Church. The cry of ?' No-Popery' was never more .violent than the cry of ?'- No- Establishment' could be made during one of the many commercial and political panics with which your country is hourly threatened from within and from without. Fifthlj— I do nos believe that in the present state ' of Europe any cabinet could be found so ir.sane with :' vengeance' a9 to make open enesniea of one third . of your empire. You have not one friend in any conrt in the world at this moment ; if they had the power to make you feel their enmity, you should soon learn a bitter lesson for your national tyranny. If Louis Napoleon conclude a marriage .(which is not improbable) with an Austrian or a Russian connec tion, you may date the downfall of England from the removal of the Crystal Palace- You will have arrived at the terminus of your national power sooner perhaps, than you think, and, depend upon it, you may soon want every arm that your empire can command to resist the steel which burns in the hands of nine hundred thousand hostile neighbours iu arms. Sixthly and lastly — I do not believe my lord, that you will grow worse by growing greatei. It w.sll becomes your elevated place, and your talented name ' to conciliate rather than foment the public anger — a giant can execute with one blow what an army of pigmies could never accomplish. Ireland is weak , and do not place additional burthens on her exhausted frame. The Catholic Church is poor, and do not deprive us of our Indian tnea.1, and our old rags ' to purchase additional luxuries for our base calum ' niators. We desire extended education, and why attempt to give ua Strauss as our class- book, and Voltaire for our tutor P Be great as you ought to be and compose the public quarrel by a master-stroke of '? brilliant legislation. Be original as Pitt— eloquent as Canning— generous as Peel— serve your oouutry, . and all your country ; and let do small print appear on the bright large page of your political fame?— ' compel.Catholic Ireland to love you as our benefactor and not curse you as our deadly foe— cease to be the bigot of mercenary slanderous confederates, but be . the political friend of all. We are grateful for all the favours we ever received from the state, and do ' not force us to hate the government— we are and ' have evec been devoted to the King, and loyal to the throne, and not join in the malignant cry, which \ 'is at once an injustice and a lie. Do not for what * is called ' a political dodge,' set the country in an 'uproar. Let the last thre.e years be forgotten, and begin a new era of conciliation. But above all, let not the cry of bigotry drown the voice of justice which Ireland demands at your hands, and which Europe expects it as the international courtesy due to her ancient creed. I have the honour to be, my lord earl your lordship's humble servant, D. W. Cahim..D.D 