MEETING IN THE SEMINARY. We are delighted to find that these meetings are attended more numerously on each succeeding Sunday evening. Were those who stay away aware of what a great treat they deprive them selves, few, we think, would stay away unless com pelled by necessity. On last Sunday evening the Hall of the Seminary .was crowded. His Grace the Archbishop, the Bishop Coadjutor, the Arch deacon, liev. Mr. Simmer and a few more of the clergy were present. As soon as the collection for. the Cathedral was over, and it had heen announced that the sum amounted to upwards of £70, his Grace rose and was received with most enthusiastic and prolonged applause — he said ' That it was with no ordinary feeling of satis faction that he witnessed the zealous spirit with ?which his people seemed to vie with one another in making their offerings to the Church. Pie was aware that the large amount collected that evening was, in some respect, in honor of him — he thanktd them for it, but what most pleased him wa3 his conviction that their nrimarv int.RTit.inn was to honor Almighty God, the giver of every good gift. There was great necessity (he said) for re newed exertion on their part at the present time. The part of the Cathedral now erected was symbol tied of the Jewish Dispensation, and there fore had no richness of ornament about it ; but iroin this part, upwards, was symbolical of the Christian Dispensation, and must therefore be richly adorned, to show their great love for it. To this, he argued, would be the case from the noble manner in which they had come forward, this even ing.' The Rev. Mr. Sumner. — ' This meeting, from many similar circumstances, brings to my. mind one held' about nine years ago; it also brings' to' ray mind the scenes I have witnessed, almost every Sunday night for1 the last 'nine years—the, same ..?'?-.?? ? ?...'?' . .:..-'?'. :?.. \\- .? ..? ..?...??-??. -? ? - ? zea} for the. glory of God's house— the same self sacrifice— the same wish to do good. Several per sons have nobly given subscriptions of three, four, and five pounds this evening, but I would remind them of the necessity of not remaining satisfied with this, but of following up their generous effort, by making a constant weekly subscription, no matter how small it may be, for this enables us to form an idea of how much we can afford to spend weekly on the work. His Grace has intimated to me his wish that Collections should be made at St. Patrick's Church to aid in the erection or uie ca thedral. (Hear, hear.) Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to assist as much as h in my power ; and, as all our own debts are paid, I am sure the parishioners of St. Patrick's will take a pride in vieing with St. Mary's— for the Metropo litan Church is the church not of one parish, but of every parish.' (Immense applause.) The Subscriptions for the ' Propagation of the Faith' amounted to £27 ; so that almost £100 was col lected this night. The following address wa3 then read by T. Makinson, Esq. :— Address to His Grace the Archbishopof Sydney, on his return from western australia. ' May it Please Your-G*a«e**~ We, the affectionate and grateful flocks of your Grace's pastoral care, encircle your Grace on your return to us, after a temporary absence, with feel ings of the deepest gratitude to Almighty God for having- reconducted you in safety to your people. The occurrence which deprived us ot the sweet ness of your Grace's immediate supervision has, we have been pleased to here, resulted in the establish ment of a solid and consoling peace. This conse quence of your Grace's absence, is a sufficient re compense for the pain we have experienced in a seoaration necessitated by tl.e exigencies of the Church; To evince our thankfullness to God for your Grace's preservation and to convey to your Grace a faint expression of our gladness, we most humbly request your Grace's acceptance of the accom panying offering as a testimony of our veneration and love. We implore, in conclusion, that Almighty Guardian, Avho has directed your Grace's path in the deep and has resto ed to your people the com fort of your presence, still to watch over you and to pour around you his choicest blessings. And now we humbly beg your Grace's benedic tion. The following is, in substance, the Reply ok His Grace : — My Dear Peoplf, I receive with great pleasure the manifestation of your Christian sympathy and filial regard just conveyed to me in so unexpected, a manner. I have now enjoyed theha; piness of laboring amongst . vou for a great many years, and T must say that each succeeding year appears to bring with it the combined consolations of all the preceding ones. If the occurrence which necessitated our tem porary separation from one another was a source of pain to you, you may imagine what the feelings, were it caused in me. But, my dearly beloved, we. must recollect the words of our Saviour, that scandals must come — scandals must occur in the true church as well as in other communions ; but mark the great difference, when scandals occur in the latter, the voice of authority is afraid to make itseJf heard, lest the reverberation through, the hollowness of the system, might make such a crash as to cause its utter downfall ; but in the Catholic Church, if a scandal occurs,' the authority shows itself, — the scandal ceases ; so that in these cases she may always exclaim with the conquerer of old vent, vidi, vici. I receive the offering which accompanies your address, and I must tell you it comes very oppor tunely. I was obliged, for the good of the church, to make myself responsible for the payment of; certain debts at Western Australia, the present un- j expected assistance will be a great help in enabling me to meet them. May He %o whom we owe all that we possess, render to you now, as He has hitherto done, a hundred-fold. May He preserve you always in the same happy spirit of confidence in your spiritual superiors which yon have ever manifested. May He supply our deficiencies in ruling the great por tion of the Church committed to our care. And may He crown all His blessings with the inestimable grace of final Perseverance. ' May the Almighty and Merciful God, Father, Son and Holv Ghost — hl«ss and nrpsf-rv« von.' St. Mary's, and St. Patrick's. — We hear that it has been at length decided, at the request of his Grace, that meetings SKall be held in St. Patrick's Church to assist in the erection of the Cathedral. This is as it should be. We are sure that; with a very little exertion the amount of subscriptions may be made very large j a greater number of workmen could then be employed, and ere many months we should be ravished with the beautiful sight of the majestic spire of the Metropolitan Cathedral raising its noble cross far far above every other object in tlie city— teaching the beholder that his first thoughts should be directed to him who died thereon. If aU continue to exert, themselves, what a trifling outlay on the part of each will place this, glorious sight before the eyes of a;l. 