Belief of the Australian Tribes Neither at Cape York, nor in any of the islands of Torres Strait, so far as I am aware do the aborigines appear to have formed an. idea of the existence of a Supreme Being. The absence of this belief may appear queslionablcj but my informant, Gilom, spoke quite decidedly on this point, having frequently made it the subject of conversation with the Kowrarega blacks. The singular belief in the transmigra tion of souls, which is general among the whole of the Australian tribes, so far as- known, also extends to the islands of Torres Straits, ' The people holding It imagine that, immediately after death, they are changed into- white people or Europeans, and as such into the second and final appearance of their existence ; nor is it any part of this creed that future rewards or punishments are awarded. It may readily be imagined that when- ignorant and superstitious savage tribes, such as those under consideration, were first visited by Europeans, it was natural for them to look with wonder upon beings so strangely different from themselves, and so in finitely superior- in the powers conferred by civilization, and to associate so much that was wonderful with tho idea of supernatural agency. At Darnley island, the Prince of Wales Island, and Cape York, the word used to signify a white man also means ghost. The Cape York people went so far as to recognize in some of our officers and others in the ship, the ghosts of departed friends to whom they might have home some fancied resemblance, and, in conse quence, under new names of Tamu, Tarka, &c;„ they were claimed as relations, and en. tilled to all the privileges of such. Among many superstitions held by the Prince of VVales islanders, they are much afraid of shooting stars, believing them to be ghosts which in breaking up produce young ones of their own kind. After sneezing, they make violent ges tures with the hands and arms; if a joint cracks, they imagine that some one is speaking of ihem or wishing them well in the direction in which the arm is pointing. The only tradi tion which I heard of occurs among the Kow-. raregas, and is worth mentioning for its singu larity. The first man created was a great giant named Adi, who. while fishing off Hammond Rock, was caught by the rising tide and downed, Hammond Rock springing up imme diately to mark the spot. His wives, who were- watching him at the time, resolved to drown themselves, and were changed into some- dry., rocks upon an adjacent reef named after them,. Ipile, or the wives. — Voyage ofJl.M.S. Battle- snake. Coals — Economise your Fuel. — The high price of coals and wood should induce housekeepers to see that their servants- do. not- waste these necessary articles. The ash.-heaps in this colony would yield a fortune to- a. London contractor, who removes tho coal ashes, from the houses of the inhabitants— -paying a high price for the privilege, and the- money, is. paid to the parish. It is asserted that the cin ders and coal cast away with them into the ash-pit would yield fuel sufficient for a steam engine that would grind flour enough for half the population of Sydney. The Corporation should have an eye to this — if only with regard, to the health and cleanliness of.' tho city— S.M. Herald. The Powder Magazine at Landden, near- Lidingobro, in Sweden, exploded on tho 24t!i: ult. Tho shock shattered several thousand panes of glass in the city off Stockholm, par ticularly in the Palace. The magazine con tained 2,800 cwt. of gunpowder, and the loss, is estimated at 115,000 thalers. Two bodies, only have been found among the ruins. Never theless, it is calculated that more titan sixty persons perished. The magazine- contained, about 28,500; lbs. of gunpowder. The police discovered in a hole, several bundles of chemi cal -matches, a file, and a hammer ; and a little before, two liberated convicts hod been, seen, prowling about. The Cathedral op CashiL, had a, narrow escape from being destroyed by fire on Sunday day last. ACCIDENT AT DIEPPE — A. detachment of artillerymen were warming themselves at a fire made of some building timber, when a spark fell upon a bombshell and caused its ex plosion. Seven of tho men. were .severely wounded. Letters from Malta of tho 2nd inst. state,, that two Turkish vessels were wrecked in that harbour in an awful- gale, and that some ves sels were dismasted, and some ; abandoned; :-;.- A Prussian bark was also dashed to pieces, and the crew perished. Mr. Mare-, of Blackwall, has challenged- the Arnericans to run a vessel against any they can produce, for a thousand guineas 5 , the tonnage of the ships to be from fifty to three hundred tons. Two men landed at Weymouth, on the , 19th of February, who represented, themselves an seamen belonging to tlio unfortunate steamship. Amazon. They. said they had floated about for two days on a. life-buoy, when they,. were- picked up by a Dutch vessel. Two, others, who were with thorn, perished from cold .. Mr. Feargus O'Connor finished his week's imprisonment on the 21st of February, which, ,1 the Atlas says, lie endured without.ebullition : of temper or impatience .at his, punishment"; . During his confinement ho was visited by 'Mr. Wakely, M.P., and Mr. Bell, ;M.P. : 