MUDGEE. MAY 6.--Having this evening just returned from -? short tour among the diggings in this vicinity, a few hasty lucubrations on the all-engrosing subject of * gold, may perhaps prove not unacceptable in your columns. From my lengthened silence, in fact, and fearing the crack of your whip about my ears for my apparent neglect, I am compelled to act on the defensive, and to propitiate your merited ire, by spinning a yarn that may perhaps turn out more . tedious than remunerative. But you, like myself, I imagine, are so bustled and bothered in these stir ri.?g times, by driving about in all directions, that you have no leisure time to crack the whip against me, and neither might I have time to listen to it. But to begin at the beginning: on Friday morning early, after having snartched an hour's sleep on the conClusion. of the grand ball and supper given hero the preceding evening by the young gents or bache lors of the town and neighbourhood, I made a start for the diggings. But allow me to remark that, for my own part I do not aplprove of the term bachelor, it sounds in my ears so cold and uncomfortable, and truly I am persuaded that from the display we had that evening of nature's best beauties, that after one or two such occasions the grating appellation of bachelor will become an almost obsolete term about: Mudgee. But previous to starting, you must permit me to devote a few words to this grand aftair, of which it is probable you have not heard at all, though I had hoped that some one of the so-named bachelors would have his heart so warmed, that a glowing description might ere this have been for. warded to you. My pen, I am aware, cannot do r justice to the subject, a Blight sketch is all that will be attempted, the filling up of the picture must be left for abler hands, and for imagination. On I Thursday evening (this day week), imagine your selves introduced to a handsome room, beautifully ornamented with roses and flowers of all descriptions, gaily intertwining with the chandeliers, and hanging in festoons from every corner, as well as borne most appropriately in the fair hands, and on the heaving breasts of the graceful nymphs that glided and flit ted, as supported by their gallant partners, through the many circumvolutions that reigied supreme throughout tle evening. Mr. Burton's band ably performed their part as musicians, relieved occa sionally by some of the ladies, who sung, and played. upon the piano to admiration. Mr. Nathan, frorn1 Sydney, likewise played and sung to the great de light of the company. We were honored also ·by tlse attendance of the Chief Gold Commissioner, MIr. Hardy, and his brethren, Messrs. Green and Zouch, who proved veterans of the right sort on the "hightifantastic toe." Elegant refreshments and a supper were set forth in adjoining rooms, and in time duly honoured, and all proceeded and concluded with the greatest hilarity and enjoyment. It is ru moured that one of the principle belles of the even ing will shortly he led as a sacrifice to the altar of hymen, on which occasion we are promised a repe tition of the treat, so that gold aud gaiety are now here the order of the day. Apropos of gold--I nas shown that evening a handful, of nuggets, some of which were of the sise and appearance of a man's thumb, got at Bruce's Creek, within six or eig-ht miles of Mudgee, by one of our J.P.'s, who has been turning his attention to gold digging, and very suc cessfully; 40 ounces a week I am told and upwards have been got by his small party. I am afraid I shall not be able to make a start for the difggins at all, but suppose I take you at once over the moun tain road to the Meroc, at Riohardsoii's Poiut, 15 miles, and up the Long Creek, here you will find that work goes on steadily, and with success. The prospecting and deep sinking that now prevail still disclosing new and rich treasures, 10 to 20 ozs. a day being frequently talked of. Nuggetty Gully, o, branch of Long Creek, still continues very rich, and is chokefull of eager diggers. Campbell's Creek, the Married Man's Creek, aid the Maeroo, about Spicer's, are all occupied and becoming faimose in history. We cross the head of the Pyramul or Byrarmul as it is generally pronounced, where ire met with a party of diggers, who, if not doing great things, are making as they allow very fair wages, and more than this it is hard to ascertain. I sup plied them, on passant, with a load of the material for the staff of life, which was as accept.able to them, as it was remunerative to myself. 'T'here is little doubt but all this river, as well as the gumer ons tributary creeks, will yet be worked to advan: tage; but Port Phillip has now taken the lead tb such an extent that they cannot at present be fully occupied. In this neighbourhood there is room for thousands and tens of thousands, and every day the. riches of these parts are more fully developed. Wa pass on about 20 miles to the Tambaroora Golden Gully, Bald Hills, Stockyard, and Dirt Hole, which alllie within a space of three or four miles, and whsre great works are going on. I counted the tents in these parts and found they numbered ab~ut 400, which at three to a tent would make 12t50 dig gers. A few instances of which I was credibly re formed, may give some idea of the success attend ing their' pursuits. At the Bald Hills I met Mr. Blain, from near Maitland, who said he had found it' at last, and had got in prospecting 1 oz. 18 dwts. in two tin dishes, and was sure it would continue good for some time. As much aslA) ozs. a day and upwards is not mfrequent, and many are doing well froom the ridges, the digins of this description being more abuldant hero than any where I have seen. Water is rather scarce at present and many are obliged to load the stuff a considerable distance for washing, but this is likely to he remedied during the winter months. As muches 35 and 75 dunces in one day I heard of being taken in the Golden Gully. A hole had been bought for 75 ounces of gold, and in the first day that amount was taken out of it. Beside Dickson's store, near the Com missioners, a party of three, Gillespie, Kelly, and Johnstone, from Wollombi, in one week, from the ridge at the depth of only 3 or 4 inches, made each £10 worth of gold, and on Tuesday last from the same place, they turned out a nugget weiwghing nearly 6 ounces, which they sold at the store for £18, making during the day about an ounce more. I am persuaded that almost all the ridges for miles are of tile same character. All who -work with any thing like diligence are doing well. Last evening, previous to my leaving, there hap pened to forergather as Burns says, in a tent, nearly opposite the Commissioners, a number of croniesI cannot exactly call them, however, much they ap peared so in the sequel-but Scotchminn, somevhat heyond the number of the de'ils dozen, attracted chiefly by the national music of the bagpipes, played by no less a man than Bruce himself as the piper, and this company inspired by old associations, as -well as by an occasional friendly winik from their auld acquaintance, John Barleycorn, proceeded to do honour in their national customs in a manner most joyous aod happy, by reviving some of their Scottish reels to the stirring notes of the bagpipes, as well as rehearsing, perhaps in, sometimes, boisterous accents, a few of the fa~mous songs of their favourite poeti fBurns, when all, of course, were proud to join in the chorus. Whilst the glee was at its height, and all went merry as a marriage bell, like Tam O'Shaster among the witches, or like Lochiel's ghost, avaunt ! who should appear to stop the mirth but a posse of police, headed by their seanjeiant, entering, and he roicahly brandishing their naked swords, demanded that the riot should be quelled, and, without either reading thie riot act, or showing any warrant or au thority for their intrusion and iiiterferenie, bravely dispersed the meeting, restored the Queen's peace, and tookl tvo of the ringleaders into custody, per Ihaps to be chained to a tree, as is the custom, for the night. Heroic deed and carried without blded shed! The simple Scotohmen so doubt imagined themselves in their own free country, and with a Bruce at their head, and a Bansnockbaisn and a Burns in their memory, thought that for "ae a night in their lives," they might fight their battle o'er again as was their custom in auld Scotland. But no, it seemed strange. Where the fiu lt lay, however, on either side, deponent sayethi not, for he was too glad to get out of it, and by daylight had started of' on his iway homewards. "We return to Mudgee by the Louisa. Here, too, the diggings have regained nos life aud shpirit. Doun the creesl many have been sinking deep in the bed to the rock, and are nobly I repaid. One party (Collins') with whom I had some business, told me that yesterday before dinner, they -took out of their hole 14 ounces, in which was a nogget 4 ounces. He lhd just been washing out a trough, and had nearly 2 ounces in his pint pot, and Mr. Harpur, from Maitlaind, who was close to Dickson's store, told'me ho had got a good claim, and was doing well. 1-e pointed to about 6 cubic yards of stuff that he had, got ready for washing, and said that ho expected 50 ounces from it. Tho creek hero is all boing turned up, and expccttaions are high. M?r. Stephen's company, who hIavo hero got a claim of half a square mile, halvo given per mission to any one to dig, by giving him one fourth of the gold, and it is all eotting occupied. OQe party then showed me a uugget they had got a day or two ago, weighingi upwards of twenlty ounces, for which they asked £80, it was beautilully intermixed with quartz. I had some disticulty in startiuig, but when once in motion, 1 am reminded of Miy'nhcer with the cork leg, and have ahnost an equal difticult? in stopping, but stop I must, else I shall be to lato for the post; so without more ado, like the captsiiis of the steamers, I shall give orders to'" stop her." 