GEELONG. (FROM OUR own coiutEspojtonNT ) Tuesday, 8th June, 1852. Yesterday, being c impelled to attend' the steam"', 1 could decease attend the nomination, and must come equity be gui 'ed by hearsay to a certain extent, or u pm from the Advertiser a very dangerous thing to do just at present. Alderman Cowie, in a neat speech, proposed Dr Thomson as a fit and proper to me to represent the intreated the town of Geelong. Mr Oh yes Head seconded the Humiliation of Dr Thomson. Mr Thom is Godly KMdlo proposed Mr Alfred Choke as a fit in proper person to represent the town, which was seconded by Mr Edmond Roche, of the Rising Sun. Mr James Harris on, in coming forward to malachite the cause of' his man Friday." in his, I mu told, a most brilliant t speech, which fell well on those who believed it I am informed that he represented him "as assistant angel, but fire and in human clothing; said he was as far remev d above Dr Thomson at his (the speaker) was alive the beasts of the field ; which perhaps is no very long way labor He (Mr Clarke) was equal to Judge A'Beckett; will sit on the bench with sludges been in the Houses of Lords and Comm in; sat on a box with a Marquis who drove six (not four in hand ; dug gold in immense quantities at Kulin and ; and r reported for the Geelong Advertiser. Several tremendous " hooray" liste drowned the speaker's ver c. As far as Mr' Clarke himself is concerned, I am glad that a worse man has not been brought forward to contest, the election and L regret, as a friend, that, lillian allowed himself to be made a tool of by such a scheme is James dear son, noted liManding his assertions to the contrary. It is rather remarkable that in the report of Mr. Clarke's speech yorked by, in this morning's Advertiser, that gentleman does not, attempt to deny the imputation, that he is mixed up with the Advertiser, but simply asks, " what the Advertiser h s to do with it So do 11 question might as well not have been put for the answer is too evident, The partisans of both candidates seem chaff dent of i areas. Those of Mr Clarke working more actively, while the Do don't find me late for 1. yet: ' assailed. air Clarke be elected, I do not think it likely he will ever prove a Government bank on the coast ney, Ita will be more likely a lb as in the side of the Government, had no one will be more happy than I will to hear that he has exceeded the most sanguine expectations of those who placed him there But then comes the sea-front for serious consideration. It upon a us u-tititrn'-y in the or Geelong, to elect a v, i g man of inexperience in oppose t n to an old stager, furnish us with all the truth of Colonial I'urlimiienliiy duty, "only to gratify the feelings of such political ghost', in treated so popular proves, as Oliver's II r is'n. Thomas Casey Bid li and D' Almaty Syd r, lie. Till they said I may be iii'd'sc* their best and dearest interests tool for such a considerate r, "feature call 'to a great many natural voices in the forthcoming election"', chiefly of the seven! chrystal and unless these gentleman's good reserves m s for once their priij'uli.'is, and points out to them their duty, it is not unlikely ; that Mr Alfred Clarke will be the hon. member; for Geelong. In either event, however, the prime mover in this measure will eventually regret; a short time will show him how dangerous it is to trifle with a people's interests, and when, perhaps, too late, he will find out his mistake. Mr Clarke has given the electors an exposi- tion of his political sentiments through the columns of the morning's Advertiser, in which, he declared himself an advocate for a more constitutional state of taxation than at present exists, and a more equable distribution of the public ' burthen to suit cliff -rent interests. He also declares himself in favour of an amendment of the Electoral Law (Act I), by giving each fined h.iusohi'ldo.r a vote, either in the towns, the squatting districts, or at the mines. Vote by ballot the text of every man's political creed he rather evades, and in this point appears before us, rather as an obstructive; an advocate of religious equality, and willing to support all measures tending to the adoption of the voluntary system. He declares himself a determined opponent to the c intimation of transportation and pledges himself, 19 I think every honest public man should do to resign his seat if asked. Although I think in this instance he has gone a great deal too far, and rather injured himself. It is absurd for any man to say that he will resign his seat if called upon by one fourth of the electors. Let a candidate promise to resign, if called upon by a m 'don'ts, should that majority he but one, and no man will expect more from him. To have expected a very able exposition of his retirements from Mr Clarke, would have been wrong. considering the little experience he has had but I did expect something better than what has app are). On taWo great subjects which, just as we are about merging into a nation, ought to occupy the attention of every man he is or found by client. The subjects of Education, Emigrati n, Law Reform Adininis trainer Justice. and Free Trade, are not even noticed. While his ideas, on the vexed subject of the alienation if the Crown Lands of the Colony, are as much unrevealed. It remains now for the electors to in ketch his choice, and may they in the contest put the best man POLICE OFFICE,,. Tuesday morning. Present the Worship the Mayor, Captain Fyans, and C. N. Thorne, Esq. George Ciimpb'']', Henry Hayes, George Naylor, and Cornelius Burke, were each fined 5s for drunkenness, Charles Wilsa Hannah Wilson, and John James, were each fined 50s for Using obscene lanouasein the public streets. Gen go Cully, found under suspicious circum- stances. on the premises of Carver and Dalton w s fined 5s and discharged, there being no reason to suppose that he had any other view than to screen himself from the observation of the police, being drill k. 