DR. CM HILL'S THIRD LETTER TO THE* RIGHT HON. THE EARL OF DERBY. x HOUSE OF LOaDS — MAY 21-. ?'Earl De.rlysairi — 'What I have stated before is, that her Majesty's government have no present intention of m^kini.' s*nv alteration in, or proposing1. any repeKl,.of the exis'ing act, by which an endow ment whs grinteclto the College of t'Maynooth.' ' (Hear, hear.) HOUSE OP COMMONS — MAT i. 1. ?'Mr. Spooner.in answer to the appeal made to him as to', whether, he believed in the present session that an inquiry -could bo carried to a satisfactory conclusion, would at once say that he did not think it could.' . (' Hear, hear,' ftom the Opposition.) ' The Chancellor of the Exchequer said—' The vote meant that the House of Commons should ex press - an opinion whether there should or should not bean inquiry in respect to the system wuicn was, carried on at Maynooth, and when he heard the words ' a mockery and a delusion' used with respect to this debate, and the manner in which it had been conducted he must, say, that with regard to the people out of doors, it would iudeed be a farce and a mockery, if. after all that had been said and all the feeling, that bad been expressed, the house did not come to some conclusion on the subject of Maynoith.'' (Hear, hear.) ''The Attorney- General for Ireland said— ' The hon. member. for Middlesex, referring to the Estab lished Church, renewed the old exaggeration with reapect to the value of its property, and the right hon. ttember for the University of Oxford, as well as the noble lord the member for London, warned the frienda of inquiry to be careful what they were about, lest they should biing about the reconstruction -of re ligious establishments in Ireland generally. As a re presentative of the Church however, he (Mr. Napier) would not except that statement.. If it was thougm a desirable thing., on its' o.wn merits, to interfere with the Established Church of Ireland, let such a ?p.ronos.tion be brought forward, and he would give, it a fair consideration. He did not forget that in earlier days that Church had neglected its.duty.,; -that Ireland condemned it :; that the Almighty condemned it ; but let it be borne in mind that England did not condemn it. Now,, however that it had become, an active and living interpreter of God's WortUpeaking in the naiive language, and had acquired spiritual power, an inqiry into the Establishment was menaced,1 with a view to its reconstruction.' '' Caernarvon, Wales June 2nd, 1852. . My Lord Earl- The history of our imperial legis lature affords no parrailel of the bypocnoy, the meanness and the trick, by which the government of England is now systematically executed. I presume to express towards your lordship, personally., the most profound respect ; but what politician of any age of England's history has ever seen such contra diction, such swaddling, such shuffling, or as.it is now a-days termed, such 'dodging.' as are all contained in the extracts quoted above P The mover Mr. Sj)Ooner).for the May'nooth inquiry, who, bui some tew days ago, spawned, such tilthiness .on the confessional, now gives up that enquiry as not likely to lead to a,' satisfactoiy. conclusion ;' next comes your. Chancellor, who contradicts the mover, and thinks .an inquiry necessary to 'satisfy people out of doois,' and to escape being branded with the charge ?of- 'mockery and? delusion ;'.' your, lordship,, next comes. for ward in order of,the political dodging, and takes a cou i Be. peculiar to yourself, by stating that you haveJiad no intention of making *' any alteration iu the act of endowment of Maynootb,' from whenue it must be concluded that all past debates on May nootb have, been a mere, parliamentary farce; and laBtlyryour Attorney-General for Ireland concludes the official melodrama with a kind of ministerial dox ology, in which he declares, as exrojfficio theologian to your lordship, that the Irish (Protestant) Church j has '* neglected its duty' (oh ! strange fact)— that it hnd been 'condemned by Ireland and the Almighty' (what a happy confidence, of opinion between Lord linden and the Almighty) j that at present that same condemned Church has learned to speak. and pray in ?fcrish (oh ! liturgy of Elizabeth) -that consequently (the Lord be praised) it has again recovered the good opinion of. Ireland and the Almighty ; and is at the present inomeut(oh !' boast of Oliver Cromwell) ' tlve active and living, interpreter of God's Word'- i declare I have never read in tlie same number of words corning from the raemi-ers of any respectable nociety so much trilling inconsistency, reckles insult and swaddling puerility as may bs collected from these specimens of cabinet wisdom. 1' assure you, iny lord, nothing but my. deep personal respect for your lordship prevent me at present from laughing in your face, seeing the ridicule and contempt with wlwchyour administration must be covered all over tne world before every man ofcommon sense and common honour. Who can avoid smiling in melan choly sci.rn at seeing the reins of government iu this great, and powerful and enlightened couutry en trusted 10 men Who plainly. avow that they are hum bugging the nation, and that, in order to please tlm ui.juat cry of a ferocious bigotry, they are keeping alive thw feeling of religious rancour, and without necessity or a useful aim ranging two hoatile parties of our common country in a perilous and sanguinary struggle P. And is ttiere never to be an end of this furious m.Wiguity against the Catholic name P. Is the British Parliament to assemble, year after year, uctoring ins greatest falsehoods, publishing the basest, lies, . ana enco.ui aging the most relentless persecution avauist Catholic Ireland P From Dioclesian to Elizuoeth, from Julian the Apostate lo Lord John Kimell, there never had been displayed iu any part of tue world a more debased By scorn of shameless uiisreprettentatJond, ribald insult, and debauched lies man had baen promulgated from your senate house ? /-unsi the Faith of two hundred and fifty millions of tin present ?pooulation o- the world, ayaiosi the weed of your .English ancestors, and againsi the. vi'i.umbiu urn! luipi'i'iaiuntu records of all that bus keen great, learned, and vntuous of the past tig htee.ii cuntutiea iu every nation of the earth. Tins f^Hutic warfare did not, begin in drunKen clubs or in .stfuruueu imjuiii.'ai^.uihujsi^bfli i it did uut coauaecce in Tyburn or Smith field. ? No,.it burst forth in the British senate— it was first announced from. the Treasury-benches— it orginaterl with the Premier of England — it was the offspring of the English cabi net—it waB planned in silent deliberation, urged in ministerial .. eloquence, and executed under the. sanction of parliamentary wisdom. It employed' Lord M into to deceive the Pope— sent Peel to light the fires, of Switzerland— licensed Canning to endorse- the pillage of the monasteries— -gave a military medal to Ganhaldi-s- feted Kossuth- ai'led Haynau to erect scatfo ds to hang mull and to dog women, encouraging Bern, and transported Smith O'Brien ; and while standing in Lotnbardy, in sight Of Europe. Hinging the red hissing balls of sang-ui-. nary revolution- over all the nations, it was. seen, at jtfte. same time, turning with the other- hand the leaves of the Bible, polluting Gid's Gospel with a . reckless hypocrisy, and provoking the- indignation, of man and the vengeance of God. Yes, my, Lord, the legislators of England, during the last three hun dred years, have practised the reformation act of pre senting ' the- appearance, of. sanctity, in language, while perpetrating in fact the blackest enormities of;~ ciime. From Dean Fletcher, who had the shocking indecency, to preach incongruous holiness to ihe Queen of Scots, while the perjured executioner un covered his murderous axe, down to the, Jumpers of Connemara, it is all ? the. same, system of -lies-, hypo crisy, and guilt. . And as a matter of course, from the 4th of November, 1850 (the date of the Durham letter), up to the present sittings of your ' Crime and. Outrages Committee,'' there could be- no possible phase of co'lumny- and insult put forth in sancti monious baseness against the discipline, .the doctrine, the practioes, .and ?? the Ministers of the Catholicr Ctiurch, which., has not been shamelessly exhibited with a perseverance] a. malignity, an indecency, and a. fnry, which . have no parallel in the history-, of modern times.- Depend on it; my. lord;- that all this base slander and national injustice will end in the dis gace of your: name, .and in the weakness of national power* Vespasian and Caligula tried this, policy before the administration of. Lord John Russell, and ? they failed ; Attila attempted in his day to uproot the Gospel and letters before. the time of Lord Palmerston and while the furious Hun is forgotten, they both survive ; and'T6m Cromwell was appointed the head of a commission similar to the plan by which you now assail, Maynooth, and Catholic colleges still re main, in spite of Cromwell and his royal profligate master. All the enemies of Catholicity through the past ages have had the malignant triumphs of. their short apace of life against our Church ; and they are . all now dead, and she lives. Their lives, were counted on the narrow scale of years, months and days, but her age is reckoned on the endless revolving circle of ages ; she enjoys a perpetual S[-riRg.of-youth they are sealed. in the frozen winter of death. Their forgotten ashes are now inorganic clay.; the. grave-, worm sleeps in their black hearts, and brings forth her young in their disastrous brain, while, her lofty, spires, and million altars, and myriad congregations speed all along the nations, from the golden gates of the east to her sombre turrets in the western twilight ?» proclaim her activity, and her, life,. and her.juriadic tion, wide as the rational horizon* and comprehensive as the human family.. Depend upon it, my lord you are placing .vourseif in a wronpr position, by employ ing the prestige of your great name (for great it is) in the case of bigotry persecuting a peop e whose loyalty is without s stain, and inflicting an unmerited insult in gratuitous vengeance against a seminary, which during tue venerable period of upwards of half a century, has sent forth a Priesthood, the teaohers of morality, the abettors of public order, the pro moters of peace, and the too faithful and zealous de fenders of the stability of the English throne. Your lordship has acquired great practical power— you have a just,, political, illustrious reputation amongst your loiiowers— and hence you, can, .with prudence, calm the»to-m of party strife subdue, the rage of re I crious prejudice, and be the fathei of your country, not the demagogue of a .ferocious faction... Those who presume to know best your lordship.s sentiments assert with confidence (what I am anxious to believe) that you are personally and sincerely opposed to the religious persecution of Catholic Ireland ; and that the. tide of popular opinion running against you, you tire forced to yield to the public clamour. But it must not bo forgotten that it was your official pre decessor who has excited this popular fanaticism ; diid- hence your lordship, who now holds the helm of (he state ship, bus only to reverse the machinery, go back to the liberal, just course of Sir Robert Peel, silence insane devilry, unite the cor.il.cting energies of the empire, give liberty to conscience, correct past errors, and surround the throne with the civilised courage aud the invincible fidelity of the universal people. The entire aim of -the present English- legislation in reference to Ireland is- based on insult, misrepre sentation, and injustice ; -the iniods of men in office are so affected with a hatred towards everything Irish and Catuohc, that it is painful to hear in every so ciety whore the traveller m'Xes one unbroken tale of the greatest lien and the foulest, bigotry. The slanders uttered in . the. bouneB of. parliament have passed for legalised faots through all the walks . of lite in these countries.;, and athough one.- listens at every turn to the most monstrous calumniis, it ig perfectly aseles*, in the present deceased state of the public temper, to attempt to rancour. Time alone, and the good sense of tne genotous English people will remove this wicked scheme of the English go vernment, aud as sure as the swollen tide will recede in due. time, to the opposite shore, the excited feelings of the nation will yet recoil in accumulated anger against the base ministry which could, trom motives of veogtance or mischievous power, gum majorities by perjury, make laws by political pros litutiuii, and. sump on the. doors, of. the senate house a notorious national lie on the. religion and the people of Ireland. Perhaps tue most fatal enor.your Lord iinip bus committed siuce the commencement of your administrator! is the foolish malice of your spiteful attorney in list Orange interrogatories at ' tne Crime and Outrage Committee.' The attempt to connect the Priest with the murders ox'.. LouJi is a ... clumsy .device^ and: shows what* the heart ..of/ your sub ordinate could execute if he had the power. But the Priest stood considerably beypnd tbe rangfi^of the Orange nfte. and the lead fell' harmlessly at the feet of the unsuspecting victim, 1 conaider the assasain of character and the assassin, of life to gtand in nearly -the same category of guilt ; and the Priesis of Lnuth must in future begin to learn that they have foes in power with hearts as deadly scarlet as the murderers of Bateson. I wish it lay within the rules of- parlia- mentary usage- that my.oppressed poor countrymen could appoint me as an occasional chairman of-that committee, and I think I' should be able to prove to the satisfaction of the whole world that the English , government are the- real assassins of Ireland— that lha English Church ia tbe great Biblical mill where, all the lies againm. religion ami morality all over the world are manufactured— that Lord Palmerston ia the Captain Rock of Europe— and that Lord John Russell is the 'Ryan Puck' of Ireland. lfLwere . .permitted to examine the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Lord John. Russell, and Lord Truro for three hours, I should hope to elicit a perfect mathematical demonstration, that all lies, and all the ,un-ibaritable- ness, all the re'igiousTagcour, and all the smothered hatred, that, like the tide, rises and threatens lo roll in flooded devastation- over- the barriers of Irish so ciety-all the disorders, and the heartburniugs, and most of the riots-of Ireland; are solely to be ascribed to the irritating, unceasing, provocation and insults of- the Established Church 1 should be able to prove that each successive government of England have robbed Ireland Q:y successhe enactments of oppression) , of her commerce, her protecting laws — have transferred to England every removeahle place of' honour or emolument— have purchased her con stitution by bribery— have debased her leaders by corruption — have drained her resources, weakened her. strength, gutted the national fabric of her ancient rights, and left her a hepless victim, a whin ing beggar, and a chained slave at the gates of Eng land; I could prove that laws are made to protect the Irish trees aud the Irish fences — chat the fishes and the foxes are token within the care of our cruel masters, but that the poor Irish Catholic, the poor faithful, grateful, enduring Irishman is placed, at the mercy of a capricious cruel landlord, that he may tie ejected, exterminated, ami banished without appeal, j that he is deprived of th« right to live ri the country of his birth ; .that the laws leave him ffiendiess, un- ! protected, deserted ; that the cruelty of .his legislators tills him with revenge ; ,the. ill treatment of his land lord teaches him retaliation ; that the combination of his superiors against him produces a corresponding confederacy of his class ;~ thousands perish by. bis side from extermination, disease and hunger ; that the laws- make Inns savage, and their administration j provokes him to revenge, and in his madness and fury he stains. his hands, with murder : and while he erroneously, yet natuially, thinks you kill his class in tens of thousands, hecannot be restrained in his wild | anger from taking your lives in dozens. More lives ! have been lost in Ireland since '47'i under the vile, j accursed, administration of th« Whigs, by extermina- ? tion, starvation, and exile, than have fallen in all j tne countries of Europe during the late revolutionary wars of Napoleon ; and while my unhappy country is s arved, banished, and murdered, and shovelled, . and pitted by the cruellest and most heartless govern- ' meat that ever degraded the nnme of law, and while: ! their tyranny, still rolls. over the soil like a spring. ! tide, forsooth 'a committee of crime' is called together to cry(by jibing and insult)v to trace to a few assassins iu Louth the heartburnings and dis organisation, and the wild frenzy by which the Whigs have torn asunder tbe very frame of society. My lord, I am not drawing a picture to my own taste, lam oopying. from your original, which I abhor. L.am sketclnug,the strict historical truths of keland ; and,, so help me God, I looks upon the framework, and the adm nistration , of your laws, together with the monstrous, grievance and the pro vcking insult and lies of your Church Establishment to be the cause of all the disasters of Ireland, the source of our social disorders, the root of all illegal combinations* and the sole madden ing. draught which arms the hands of the assassin, and stain our country with the red mark, of murdered blood. Lord Derby, I hereby accuse you and. your. subor- dinate with a shameful and an insulting-perversion of our oppression and your conduct, to attempt to shift the murders of Louth, -which your laws have notoriously exited, from your.' own guilty head.*, to the shoulders of- the zealous, pure, unoffending Priest.. That is to gay, while Ireland lies at your feet a bleeding,corpse, assassinated by your treachery, you forsooth, summon a jury, and in ferocious mockery you- examine into the cause of -her death, while you yourself are stained with her blood, and the- eeking knife is seen in your baud. This insulting hypocrisy and conppiracy is a crime which no time can eflace—it iu*6 sin -against the Holy -5host, Bince it ascribes the wicked results ofyour own unjust laws to tbe agency of the holy Priest of God. . Ah J my Lord we have- received already, superabundant insult from Russell and.his despised cabinet; but surely, while the-rotting masses of human flesh still are scented on the putrid air of Skibbereen ? Ruassell's work — .while the oozing blood still reddens the clammy pit in Lord Sligo's field at Westport (where fathers, mothers, and- children died under a meltingvsuu without. covering, in. tbe wild agonies of scarlet fever- and desertion),, you., would not ''have permitted your attorney to add the last drop of shameless provocation- to our former trials~-while the history of the workhouses of Ballinasloe and Bkl linrobe i* recollected — while the smoking roofs of demolished villages are still si en — while the emigrant ship isi still labouring under its load of your rasged. starved, and exiled -victims, your man should have the decency not to outrage every feeling, of common Beuseby ascribiug. the clear, palpable, ferocious results of your, own vile legislation to the humble Minister or God, who would arrest the-murderer if he could, who counsels obedience, to lawn, honours the Quetn. and pra}5 for bis enemies. And he is only one of the class. Every Priest in Ireland is the same* It is our duty even lo respect your bnd laws, to luamtum ubtdicuce eveutu your cruel authority, lo Support even- a wicked administration, loaid you irf' he suppression- of -all illegal societies, and to din if ' necessary; in defence of the throne. Lord Darby, you have behaved very badly to insult us by the shameful insinuations.of your Orange (.fticiai. We are not able toresent this cruel injury, this crying injustice; but we have thegift of speech left in spit» of your ' Committee of Outrage,' and we shall make all nations re-echo the meanness, the indecency, the venom, and the. sneaking, cowaidly insinuations of your swaddling Attorney ; and we shall inform all mankind that, wbiln religious intolerance atid fana tical persecution are certainty given up in every .country. in the civilised world as obsolete and (lit- - guating, England alone keeps up her heavenly hatred — England alono has sickly mottoes from the canti cles- carved' on lier Protestant mousetraps, electro types her reformation-crokeryware with orthodox.: pray rand lovely hjmns, and pours the malignant; lemon-juice of her saintly hypocriny round every word of -aodly slander which she utters on Ireland. Your Irish Attorney, my lord, has thought proper to enter the' field of theology in the extract quoted above, and in his swaddling divinity has made some gross mis-statements, or rather blunders, in reference to my creed. He is very candid in saying that the Irish Chnrch had neglected its duties, and was con demned by the voice of Ireland aud Heaven ; but that having recovered from her Church frolic, she is' now rather a sober, well-conducted Church, and is going on very respectable indeed in her line, having liad the advantage of learning Irish within the last ' twenty years, and thus is enabled by vernacular flippancy to be an active servant and very lively m the interpretation of God's Word. Really my lord, , your theologian is do great witch in logic or he could never have uttered eucIi a facetious, admixture - of the forcible, comical, and the feebie religious, a« is contained in the official extract of his notable - speech. I think, iny lord, I understand him wbtn he stattd that Ireland condemned the Irish Law Church. Your theological lawyer must have alluded to the tithe system, when the Widow Ryun'a son was shot in Munster — when the murder of Carrickehcik, / wao perpetrated for ycur Church in open day — wherr Father Burke of Meath refused to take the census of '' his buitfhered flock— and when the cross-roads -,f r . Ireland wet-e red with the blood ol tbe Irish Catholic slain in the name of God, iu ord«r to feed the pro- - fligate luxury of the huge molochof your. sanguinary creed. . I think I -understand- your suboidiuale when he asserts that your Crimson church once stood ' condemned before Ireland and before God.' I think, too, I c*n well explain the true meaning of that passage of your law officer, wheie he states thai bis recovered Church is now ' an active interpreter of God's Word.' And I assure your lordship that in following the absurd positions of Mr. N&piw; it is very hard to abstain from expressing the ridicule - whicu his speech deserves, aud to maintain, at th« same lime, the solemn respect, the distant veneration ? and the -becoming reserve which suits my position while addressing your lordship. No doubt your Church has been a moBt active interpreter of God's woid since it has put seven hundred and sixty-sis . dtfiereni interpretations on that word since the tioxd of your great reformer Lnther — for the truth of ? which statement, in part, I beg to refer your lord- ? ship to Bossuet's Protestant Va/iationa* By the fust active interpretation Luther threw of? t the authority of the Pone.. Secondly— He modified, re-interpreted, re-modi- ? tied, rebeiieved the doctrine of TransubstHiitiation, and the Holy Eucharist. » Thirdly— He and hid followers interpreted the 6th ? chap. of.St. John as ''companulion, impanution, per panation, hypernat.on,'. and ultimately this active' Church, has seltled down into a Judaical type of this - Christian doctrine. Fourthly -The Old Mass, and the' Invocation of Sa'nts, and Purgatory, and the Sacrametita of Ptti- - ance Confirmacion, and Extreme Unction, and the Sd-; lament of Marriage, have- been successively abandoned by this holy ' activity' 'of your Church ; nod the Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord John Russell have respectively given up the Sacraments of Holy Orders and Baptism- within the last two years. The 'activity' of the Ministers has given up the Divinity : of Christ, and the ' activity' of the Greek Protestants has denied the personality of tbe Holy Ghost ; and thus your Christian Church has reduced her Faith to the simple idea and doctrine of merely belief in the existence of God. This is pure Paganism:— and when we add to this fact, that Luther sanctioned plurality of wives, with the Land grave of Hesse (that is Mahomedanism) we are forced to conclude, from clear premises, what your Church, in its 'active interpretation of Gods word,' has un chriatianised.' has Mahomedanised, has un.ciiptu risedr has infidelised, has paganised, and has demo ralised the whole world. There can be no aoubt that, by the ' active . interpretation' referred lo, the Protestant Church (as its very name implies) has protested against the entire -ancient record of Chris tianity — has thrown down the whole fabrio of the New Law, and has raised on its ruins a system of humau theory, wild speculation, philosophical compromise between^: reason, and Faith, all of which clearly sub ject religion., to the laws of progress inconsistent with the, immutable decrees of God, and with tb« masteries of revelation. Tue Church of your At torney-General possesses at this moment an im perfect record (Scripture) pf the New Law— thenieie words of the aw without the inherent rights of that law -and as, well might a Laplander {who chanced to find and to pouseas the parchment. ot the Englisa Magna Chartaj insist he. was .? an Englishman, an. I entitled to the rights of British subjects, as for you if Church to call herself . Christian and Catholic (from the mere possession .of. a printer's copy of the law) without .acknowledging the legitimate authority-: without professing;pracl.cal allegiance to the tecog' nised head of the Christian constitution — wiihouf 'her name being enroled amongst the accepted sub jects, and without tulfUing. the practical duties r*\ quired.as the essential legal conditions to enjoy tb- rights and .the privileges of the new royal uc.»ven-^ dispensation. Your Lordship must blame your A ? luruey aud not lae loi ihia brief ^heulugtcuiien^v '' hjsinnnecessary and unexpected strictures. Believe me my Lord, that no attorney can be a proficient in theology J and hence the sooner you keep your man to his own department of ex offioio informations, the better for the reputation and honour of your admin istration. I'enetrattd'with the deepest respect for your great name and lofty position , I wish I could presume to tell you how much t»ood you can effpct for the empire ?by a course, of trui^, honour, and justice to Ireland. The diRastrous divisions your government has ex cited at home; the unmeasured contempt with which your name is asvailed abroad ; the perilous stale of ,your commerce; the conflicting interests of the various factions of your country ; hut above all, the keen watchfulness with which a hostile neighhonr ? ing power observes nil your panics chould induce -yon to heal the public acerbity— to forget past ran ? -cour — to begin a new era of legislation, and combine nil your st,renf»th — to govern with impartial justice — to leave conscience between God and man— - to noothe the fh«:-ant oppression of Ireland— to soften -the tyranny of apes — to be father of the poor — the advocate of tl»e oppressed, the emancipator ot tha slave to have your name graven on our hearts in national love and to combine, unite, concentrate, and bind in indissoluble amity the energies, the courage, and the loyalty of this great empire in one great invincible bond of national fidelity. This is a work worthy of you, and a work which you can «'xenutp, and a victory over bigotry and falsehood wuioh will transmit your name to posterity as the benefactor of my country, and not the persecutor of my name and race. I have the honour to be, rby lord earl, with profonnri respect your lordship's obedieut servant. ? D. W. Cahim,. P.P. 