BRITISH AND FOREIGN NEWS. (From our files per Maria Soames.) THE LATE ARCHBISHOP MURRAY.-The Free- mans Journal piales, that immediately after the conclusion of "the funeral,t cerrnqriial yesterday a- meeting-of the diocesan chapter was held, at which -the very Rev. Dean Meyler was< unani- mously appointed Vicar-Capitular, pending 'the -election of a successor to the archiépiscopal .«hair of Dublin. At the instance and request «f the very Rev. Dean, the Venerable Arch- deacon Hamilton and the very Rev. Dr. Yore were appointed to a continuance of their powers in assisting in the management of diocesan »flairs.-Dublin corresp. Times, March 4. 'DaEADrcL EVENT AT CONWAY.-A cir- cumstance unusually shocking has just occurred at Conway, North Wales. A man of dissolute habits, named Owen Williams, who occupies » small wooden hut or cabin, situated in, an isolated position immediately under the old town "wall, returned home in a state of intoxication a night or two ago, and endeavoured to murder *is wife by strangling her. After much mal .treatmunt the poor woman effected her escape. The man then attacked his sister, who resided in the house, but she also managed to free herself from .his violence, and joined the wife. They, having left two children, from seven to ten years old, in an adjacent room in the cabin, determined willi the assistance of a neighbour to rescue them, re- membering that the man had frequently sworn -to set fire to his dwelling. On their return to the hut they found it in dimes, and the remains *of the drunken man, burnt almost to a cinder, .lying amid the ruins. On search being made <\l was found that the children had escaped, and were uninjured. No doubt exists that the man had put his often-repeated threat into execution by "firing his abode. An inquest has been held, and a verdict of " Accidentally burnt" returned. -Times, March 3. DISTRESSING SUICIDE.-A discovery has just been made in a house in Dean-street, Westminster, ?which h-is given rise to a most painful feeling in the neighbourhood. About seven ycirs ago, an engineer named Stone, died, and was buried in the Broadway churchyard. His widow was left unprovided for, and left London to take a -situation in Kent, where she was not successful. At the beginning of the present month she took lodgings in Dean-street, Westminster. She at first objected to the rent, saying her only purpose -for coming was to visit the grave of her husband. She went away, but returned and took one of the «rooms instead of two, a*d very little was seen -of her afterwards, the last occasion being when she went to the-landlady to borrow a pen and ink, -saying she wanted to write a letter. After that, '.for a week', no more was seen of her, and sus- picion being excited the door was forced open, aud she was found dead lying on the carpet. Mr. Heath, the surgeon of Bt idge-street, was sent for, «rho was of opinion that she had been dead seven or eight days. He found on the mantelpiece two / bottles labelled " poison," and upon post mortem examination he discovered about an ounce of laudanum in the stomudi. She had been^ in the ¿habit for two years of going to the churchyard and weeping over the grave of her husband. In her room the following letter was found :-u To save trouble, Mrs. Ann Stone came by her death by a draught of laudanum, no one knowing that «he did take it, as she is a total stranger in the house'she is in. Every effort she has made to obtain an honest living failed her. , She has the presumption to throw her soul into the presence of -the Almighty, and she fervently prays that God will have mercy on her soul Good Christians do not allow a number of persons to look on my un-J po fortunate body. I have performed all the offices that are requisite ; the body is quite ready for the coffin." She then begs that she may be buried in -the same grave with her husband .and expreses a fear tint the New Victoria-street may destroy it She concluded-"If I could have died on my husband's gravestone I would have done so " -Times Feb. 20. THE GLUT O*'GOLD.-Itisstited on very good authority, that in order to stimulate the cir- culation of gold in this country, it is intended to limit- if not altogether stop-the future issue of £5. notes from the Bank of England. Should this plan be carried out, the public will have to -use more bullion in small money transactions than is at present customary. Some notes of other denominations will, it is stated, also be more limited in number than hitherto.-Lloyd's News- paper, Feb. 22. LITERARY. MTNISTEHIVL APPOINTMBNFS.-The representation of literature and science will not suffer by the present changes of the government. The Whig Ministry had some names, besides that of Lord John Russell, not unknown in the republic of letters, and one of the last otHci.il acts of the Government was the honourable appointment of . Mr. Layard as Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. In the new Ministry we have, first and most conspicuous in authorship, Mr. Disraeli. Mr. Alison, the historian, it is said, will be the Lord-Advocate for Scotland, being succeeded in the sheriffdom of Lanarkshire by Professor Ayton, author of some of, Bon Gaultier's " Ballads," and editor of Blackwood. Sir Emerson Tennent, Sir( Edward Sugden, Lord John Manners, Mr. Whiteside, the Earl of Malmesbury, Lord de Ros, are all known as authors as well as politicians. The Duke of Northumberland also is favourably known as a zealous promoter of arts and learning, and with the more public business of his office he will not overlook many practical improvements in the naval departments, to which he has given much attention.-Literary Gazette. PROPOSED BREAKWATER ON THE MERSEY.-A report'juqt submitted to the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce by Mr. W. M. Ross contains a project, devised by Mr. George Rennie, CE., for the re- clamation from the sea of the vast sand-banks in the estuary of the River Mersey, by means of a breakwater extending seaward from the Black . Rock Point, five miles in length. If carried into 'execution, it is stated that, besides being the means of averting much loss of life and property, it will materially improve the entrance to the port in a navigable point of view There are two other pro- jects arising from this-one being for the applica- tion of the sewige manure to the neighbouring lands, and the other the formation of a local building society, its purpose being the veiy de < sirable one of " making every mar» the owner of his own house."-Times, March 3. ' THB Foacs or CONSCIENCE -About 10 years ago the manuscript department of the British Museum suffered a less by the catting out from the manuscripts of several autograph« of the early I g .Reformers. Eight month« since tbe authorities - of the Museum r«e«iv«d . note from a Catholic priest, enclosing th« purloined awtogiaphs, in which it was stated, that ùttutremis,* mau whom the attended lui handed them to him, and requested that they, might be forwarded to the proper au- thorities!- On referring to the period when the autographs were abstracted it was discovered that* the party who had committed th« felony was a foreigner.-Times, Feb. 20. ií"«' k-- i* be em coi the pla has be' I hill Tin so int< cull vey beb beb Ad inci Th. wit dist fair trai sav of ben Th« p-iii the ho¡ the lik< im[ per be of the sue enl voj sui cor Mr Va ele' ma RÏ Na po« of tar Th toi Ei sti W j» Cr Le Le ag M ye j"' br be po vii sai a« 10 da of of in Sr tai he pr g1 thi Li in P« mc pa su Li S pn he on O' f DARTMOOR Pai80Nsv~Ther« »re at present O a»"many á« 1200 men m these priaon«, and' «*}» 3Ö0 more will be"added as ' soon as, the cells can JJ* » be got ready for them.1 There is abundance fof s employment for the men, and they are found to (P° continue in good health. AU the hill behind *|r tlie prison has been trenched, and is now * being N0 planted with the hardest kind of fars! A tank jj0" has been erected in the prison, from which «can ~~ be' thrown liquid manure up to'the top of the .J hill, so that it will soonbe crowned with verdure. , ¡ e The experiment of growing flax has proved ,7» so completely successful that the 'government f , intend to take in a thousand acres more for its cultivation. Col. Jebb, on his recent visit, sur- veyed some of the estates in the neighbourhood belonging to the Duchy, as well as others . . belonging to Messrs. Frean, Bennett, and , Adams, with a view, it is supposed, of finding .», increased means of employment for tbei convicts. The efforts of this gentleman have been attended with great benefit, both to the prisoners and the . .^ district, and his system we are informed, bids ,. fair to remove^ all diffculties, with regard to j( transportation, as" well as effect an'immense . saving in the national expenditure. The bulk . of the men work well, and many of them seem t¡ benton redeeming their time and character. . The men appear to feel that every attention is = paid to them consistently with their position, «nd jj they are raised in their own self-esteem. It is ' off hoped that if Col. Jebbs' plans are carried out j the establishment will become self-supporting, . ¡ like that of Portland. It will be of immense yQ* importance to the Prince of Wales's pro- a perty, to which Dartmoor .belongs, and it is to i " be hoped that those who have the management . of the Duke of Cornwall's affairs will give all | a ^ the faetlities they can to an establishment of j wJ) such great importance, and one calculated to enhance so much the value of that property. -Devonport Journal, March, 4. AEROSTATION.-Mr. Green, the veteran aerial voyager, retires this season from aerostatic pur- suits. He has now made 439 ascents, and intends , completing the number of SOO during the season", j fo1 Mr. Wardell, the proprietor of the Royal Gardens, J?1' Vauxhall, has arranged with Mr. Green for his ' an eleven farewell trips. E ich " assent is to be »» marked by various grand demonstrations.-- nil Weekly Times. ' "\ Louis NAPOLEON'S PROPOSAIS.-Whilst Louis * ' Napoleon was residing in England, he "pro- Mi posed" for Miss Diwson Darner, the daughter *" of the Hon. Colonel Dawson Darner, Lord Por- »" tarlington's brother, but the Colonel refused, to The young lady has since married Lord Ebring- it ton.- hid. ' | |u INFANCY OF CRIME IN SCOTLAND.- The tit Edinburgh News narrates as follows :-«« A Mi strange but absurd case was brought before , *J William L. Colquhoun, Esq , of Clathick, as . »i justice of the peace for the county of Perth, at j Wl Crieff, on 10th inst. (ult.), at the Instance of > tr Lord and Lady Willoughby De Eresby and Louis Kennedy, their factor, as their mandatory, against two children of Mr. Middlemiss, labourer, Muthill, of the respective ages of two and six years. The youngest child attended the learned justice carried in its mother's arms. The charge brought against thenT was that they hid been found in the act of laying snares for the pur- pose of catching game in an adjoining field to the village of Muthill." The crimewas proved to the satisfaction of the magistrate, for the evil-doers, aged six years and two, wi-re fined each £1. 6s. lOd, including expenses : or, failing payment, 30 days' imprisonment. We applaud the sagacity of the sentence. Would a sportsman, with a love of partridges at heart, spare a nest of young polecats ; would he not kill the small vermin even in their blindness ? and what is a poacher of two years old other than a young poleeat ; a thing to grow and strengthen in mischief ? Moreover, a sane and healthy child of two years old must be held self-account ible. Did not St. Augustin re- proach himself, in afterlife, with infantine gluttony at the maternal breast? And this thought suggests to us another. If the Game Laws are to be adjudicated in the spirit developed in the above sentence, it may be necessary for the Perth magistrates to cause some such advertise- ment as the subjoined to be printed in tht country papers,-Wanted, two or three wet-nurse« to suckle the prisoners-apply at the gaol.-Punch. AN EXTRAORDINARY PARENT.-A woman at Liege has just been confined of three children, making 24 in nine years, having had three atevery accouchement The husband, who was anxious to perpptuate his name, is much disappointed at all his children heing girls.-Time's, March 2. A DUMB WEDDING -A few days ago a man and woman present themselves at the altar of the church of Reichenberg, ih Bohemia, each of whom was deaf and dumb. The bride, the daughter of a citizen, had become acquainted with her husband in a deaf and dumb institution at Prague, where both had been educated. The marriage ceremony was performed in perfect silence. The questions were handed to each, written on slips of paper, and the answers were returned by nods or »hakes of the head.-Times, Marchi. AMERICAN LEGISLATORS. - The Washington Press reports the following amusing, butdisgrace ful scene, which occurred in the House of Repre- sentatives, on the llth Februiry last. Mr. Giddings, Anti-slavery member, had called Mr. Stanley " a liar "- '. Mr. Stanley.--It is usual for one who has no regird for the decencies of life to relieve himself from responsibility by pro- nouncing statements false, and it is characteristic of the man who sneaked away from this House, and took his pay for work which he did not do." Mr. Giddings.-When the gentleman descends to low vulgarity I cannot follow him. I protest against Doughfaces prompting the gentleman from South Carolina " " Mr. Stanley.-It is the business of a scavenger to have anything to do with him, and I will have to wash my hands after handling him ; but the thing has to be done, as he has thrust himself on us as a kind of censor. It is a small business for me, and I don't know how I can descend any lower, than to take hold of the bon. member for Ohio. (Cry of ' Good.*)" "Mr. Giddings.-Will you hear me?" "Mr. Stanley.-Nobody wants to hear you, but I will indulge you." " Mr. Giddings.- The gentleman is barking up the wrong tree." " Mr Stanley. -The galled jade winces again." "Mr. Gid- dings.-The gentleman shan't crack theoverseer's lash t<» put me down." " Mr. Stanley.-I hope that the gentleman will not gnash his teeth so hard ? he might hurt himself. Who is here play . ¡ng the overseer over white men-who but he, who is throwing hi« < filthy gall and assailing everybody as North- ern Whig Dough faces, and what he calls the vile slaveholders? He is the only man who acts -in that way. ,We don't raise the oveeseer's lash over our slaves in North Carolina. If that member was in the southern country, nobody would own him as* a black man with a white skin (laughter), but he would be suffered to run wild as a 'free negro, and in the course of three weeks he would be brought up to the whipping-post and lashed, for stealing or slandering his neighbours. < -c ?*. , (Laughter.) If I «ay that he isa gentleman,, I>i rj tell a falsehood.';''/ TheSpeaker (lo Mr. Stanley). Ter Willv the '/gentleman suspend 'for "a " moment P "; «dil -" Mr. Stanley.^-;We ought to suspend that fellow' (pointing to"Mr.-Giddings) by the neck' (Laugh- ter.) **.Mr. ¡Biddings.-The gentleman from North Carolina reminds me'of the boy who turned round so fast that the'hind part of his breeches was on both sides.' ( Laughter.) The gentleman says that I was at Norris town, too ; but where was he and the members of the House ? Why, drink- ing grog. (Laughter.)" 'ÍMr.íStanley.-T charge theofficialreportersnottolet his (Mr. Giddings's) felonious hand touch one Word of what I say. for, we know how he on'a former occasion misrepre- sented rny colleague ' from the Orange district,' and his own colleague from the Chillicothe dis- trict, having altered his own speech after he got to his room with his coloured friends. (Laughter.) He talks about my associates ; but has anybody ever seen him in private decent company ? Free negroes' may gall to see him. He does not let his right hand know what his left doeth. He alludes to my .absence ; but I have not set up my- self as a standard. I don't .say I'm always in the house, as I ought to be. He says we were here drinking our grog during Christmas time. Where was he? Ia Philadelphia drink- ing beer and eating oysters with free negroes. (Laughter.) Which was the best off? Judge ye. ( Laug liter.) He thinks he was better off than we were. (Mr. Stanley paused, and, looking towards Mr. Preston King, who was stand- ing near Mr. Giddings, remarked, raising his voice to a higher pitch, ' Help him out ; he needs a little more poison.' Voices, ' Ha, ha ! Good ! Ha, ha !') I quit this subject in disgust. J find that I hu ve been in a dissecting-room, cutting up a dead dog. I will treat him as an insane man, who was never taught the decencies of life, or pro- prieties of conduct, whose associations show that he never mingled with gentlemen. Let him rave on till doomsday." The conversation then ceased. THE ATTEMPTED ESCAPE OF MR. SMITH O' BRiBN.--Our advices from California contain the j following .--" We had no sooner got over the shin i plaster excitement than we were thrown into j another-namely, the abduction of Captain Ellis from his vessel, the bark Callao, on Wednesday night, the 171 h of December,by a number of men ' representing themselves. to be members of the Vigilance Committee, and headed, it is said, by Mr. Terence Bellew M4 Man us (an escaped con- vict). You are aware that, some time since ' an effort was made by Smith O'Brien's friends to rescue him from Van Diemen's Land, which it was said at the time, owing to his own impe I tuousness, was frustrated. Curtain Ellis, men- tioned above then in the colonies, commanded the vessel which was to bring O'Brien to San , Francisco ; but. as *Î charged by M'Manus and , his friends, betrayed him. For this reason, and , with a desire to punish him for his alleged base ! treachery, a pirty of nine men, with M'Manus j to lead thtm, in the stillness of the night, went I on board the Callao and took Captain Ellis with them. He was taken to a place called Mission creek, about two miles and a half from the city, where he was tried by a portion of the party for betraying Smith O'Brien. The self-constituted court, jury, witnesses, and all entirely acquitted Captain Ellis of the charge preferred against him. As soon as a knowledge of the afl'iir came to the ears of the Vigilance Committee, they sum- moned the parties, and on the 18th held an examination, which resulted in the discharge of M'Manu3 and his friends. On the evening of the examination Captain Ellis,-in company with a Mr. Russell, was on his way to the Callao when they were attacked by a party of Iriihmen, and severely injured. Captain Ellis's head bring cut open by a junk bottle being thrown at him." \- Lloyd's Newspaper, Feb. 22. JENNY LIND.-The New York Herald says, that Mrs. Otto GoUUchmidt (Jenny Lind) and her youthful husband are at the Round-hill Water Cure Establishment.-Times, March 3. EMILY SANFORD.-This young woman, who lived with the murderer Rush, it will be remem- bered, emigrated to Australia. A letter from a respectable resident at Adelaide, in tint country, inserted in the Worcester Herald, says:-"I think you would like to know a little about Emily Sanford. We often see bet ; we do not live very far from her ¡ she seems a very interesting woman ; she is married to a German,and his one child, four months old ; the child of whom Rush was the father is a sweet little creature ; they do well, and seem very happy. She has bought houses with the money that was collected for her," BELIEF OF THE AUSTRALIAN TRIBES.-Neither at Cape York, nor in any of the islands of Torres Strait, so far as I am aware, do the aborigines appear to have formed an idea of the existence of a supreme being. The absence of this belief may appear questionable, but my informant, Gi'om, spoke quite decidedly upon this point, having frequently made it the subject of conver- sation with the Kowrarega blacks. The singular belief in the transmigration of souls, which is general among the whole of the Australian tribes, so far as known, also extends to the islands of Torres Strait. The people holding it imagine that, immediately after death, they are changed into white people or Europeans, and as such pass into the second and final period of their existence ; nor is it any part of this creed that future rewards and punishments are awarded. It may readily be imagined that when ignorant and superstitious savage tribes, such as those under consideration, were first visited by Europeans, it was natural for them to look with wonder upon beings so strangely different from themselves, and so infinitely superior in the powers conferred by civilization, and to as- sociate so much that was wonderful with the idea of supernatural agency. At Darnley Island, the Prince of Wales Island, and Cape York, the word used to signify a white man also means ghost. The Cape York people went so far as to recognize in several of our officers and others ¡n the ship, the ghosts of de- parted friends to whom they might have borne some fancied resemblance, and, in consequence, under new names of Tamu, Tarka,&c;, they were claimed as relations, and entitled to all the privileges of such. Among many superstitions held by the Prince of Wales islanders, they are much afraid of shooting stars,beheving them to be ghosts,which in breaking up produce young ones of their own kind. After sneezing, they make violent gestures with their hands and arms; if a joint cracks, they imigine that some on« is speaking of them or wishing them well, in the direction in which the arm -is pointing. The only tradition which I heard of occurs among the Kowraregas, and is worth mentioning for its singlarity. The first man created waa a great giant named Adi, who while fishing off Ham- mond Island, was caught by the rising tide and drowned, Hammond Rock springing up imme- diately to mark the spot. . His wives, who were watching him at the time, resolved to drown them- selves, and were changed into some dry rocks upon an adjacent reef, named after them, 1 pile, or the wives.-Voyage of H. M. S. Rattlesnake. , A DEMOCRATIC SKIRMISH.-Lieutenant- Go Vernor Burns» of Wisconsin, and Bediah Brown .ditorof die Madison Democrat, had a' regular set-to obi the20th ult, inlhestoreof Mr. Cas- eins Fairchild, at Madison A letter from Madison 'says.--" Mr. Burns struck the first blow, and Mr. Brown, in attemp- ting to gouge out one of the Lieut.-Governor's eyes, got his digit into the Governor's mouth, and did not readily get it out again, but -while thus confined he used it as a pivot around which his fingers ctrcumgyrated, leaving the well de 'fined mark« of his nails npon the Governor's face. Brown's check-bone was broken in the fight, but whether from a blow of his antago- nist, or from striking against the iron bar of the show-case, as Mr. Burns put his head through the window to give him a little fresh air, is not know n. After they had exercised in this man- ner a few minutes, Mr. Fairchild interfered, and taking the President of the Senate by the button, signified that in his opinion he had done all that could properly be done at that time, and the warm enbrace of the old friends was immediately ended. Mr. Brown was considerably hurt-Mr Burns received some tall scratches, but no other injury."-Neto York Tribune. Feb 14. KOSSUTH PRESENTED WITU A SON.-At a late meeting in Ohio the following letter from the wife of a clergyman was handed to Governor Kossuth :-" Hon Sir-Permit me, a humble lady, to say to you that, in view of the redemption of Hungary, through your democratic exertions, and having neither silver or gold to present you with as an aid to the Divine achievement, I deem it a duty, connected with a privilege, to present you with my son, who is dearer to my anxious heart. Sir, than silver or gold ; and on the day in which liberty shall be proclaimed to Hungary to have my grandson, Harmon Kossuth, now near 11 months old, so trained as to raise his little hat in honour to God and liberty. -" MRS. Rat. J. T. DONAHUE,"-New York Herald. 