fflbt #11 #afc Cite. (a yule tale foe yule times.) Detailing how it was planted, how it grew and flourished, and 1 many strange things which it saw and heard of, as generation followed generation and leaf succeeded leaf — all in due time. CHAPTER II. The party consisted of four persons— an old gentleman, who both in his demeanour and attire, showed that he had not forgotten the fashions or the manners of his young days, which were as different from those of the then existing time as we are dissimilar in our attire to the more sedate, and more courtly costume of the last century. In one hand he held a stout stick on which he leaned ad he walked slowly along, and the other was supported by the delicately moulded arm of a maiden of seventeen, who in all the bloom of her youthful loveliness, formed such a contrast with her companion, that they realized the poet's . 'January and May.' The hair of the old man was . long, waving over his shoulders, but thin and grey, showing that time had laid his hand upon his head, and pressed it heavily too. His dress was rich, yet plain compared to the costly attire of the more youthful gallants of the day, and he wore by bis side a slender rapier, which however insufficient a weapon, was quite strong enough for the feeble arm which, if occasion reqnired was intended to wield it. What shall I say of his more immediate companion, of that tender plant of verdant ivy which cling to the rough old oak which was now sheltered by age, condemned by time, and fast verging to decay ? To say that she was beautiful is so common an expression, that I am almost afraid to use it, but yet she was most lovely in her loveliness ; so pure of heart, and yet so joyous, that over her features their beamed an expression such as that which might have illuminated the counten ance of an angel if in his flight from Heaven to earth, he had been fortunate enough to look forth upon a scene redolent of beauty and of virtue. Cri tics in female charms might have thought that she was not tall enough, or that the color of her hair which was scarcely either black or brown, some what deteriorated from the standard of perfection, but yet those who were not quite so particular, looked up to her as a bright and glorious model of English beauty. The third person of this little party — was a lady of " uncertain" «age, varying from thirty to sixty, and as she had never been paid the compliment of being asked in marriage, the advance of old maiden hood had so sharpened her visage, that she not only appeared to be a shrew, but also as if she was in the habit of swallowing a draught of vinegar each day for her own especial delectation, and to confess the truth, her temper was soured, young men she hated, because they were the suc cessors of those who had slighted her in her young days, and as to blooming maidens, she would have annihilated them at once if she had the opportu nity, more especially when she saw them surrounded by the gay gallants of the period. The fourth and last was a young man who cer tainly had not long passed his twenty- first or twenty- second year — attired in the gayest court suit of the time after that fashion, which we see so accurately portrayed in the portraits of the notorious Earl of Leicester. He walked between the two ladies although it was very apparent that while he paid polite attention to the elder of the two, he was ex cited by a very different feeling when he listened to the softly breathed accents of her junior. In sooth, a gallant higli-niinded cavalier was Lionel Digby, a kinsman of one of those old families of England, which although but little exalted above the rank of Commoners, yet were prouder of their ancient name than if under any other designation they had stood as belted Earls in the saloons of a palace. Being but a cadet of his race he would fain have been compelled to pursue his career as a soldier of fortune, had it not been that a worthy old soul in the shape of a spinster aunt, more mindful of the destiny of her favorite nephew than, that of the further aggrandisment of the head of her house, had not left hint an estate, commensurate not only to his wants, but also enabling him to ruffle it with the best and richest gallants of the Court. Such were the component parts of the little company which approached the mound where Reu ben Eversdale had heen celebrating in his own. pe culiar manner, the natal-day of his first-born. The farmer took off his hat as they came nigh, and his friends followed his example. " Ha! Eversdale" exclaimed the old Knight, 44 -so you are determined that the old line shall not become extinct, or your name forgotten, I greet you heartily." 44 Thanks, gracious Sir Hubert," replied Reuben, 44 These are not the days when any of us would wish to forget the past, or the names which are connected with it." He stammered as he spoke, for he saw the dim med eye of the old man turn for a moment on the beautiful yet fragile being beside him, but. the glance was but momentary, and although he sighed as he remembered that lhat fair being was the last scino of the princely house of St. Maur, yet his tone was cheerful as he addressed the farmer. 44 I did but venture to enter your orchard," said he, "to shew my friend Master Lionel Digby, what skill and industry could do ; but come master Reuben, this is but scant cheer, beshrew me, but you could find a cup of cider .or strong October with which we could drink the health of your young sbn, and that of his hopeful mother". " If your honor would but deign to visit my hum ble roof," replied Eversdale. "No, no," replied the knight, "gladly would I do so, but age — age Reuben will not permit of so much exertion ; let us have it here, where beside the acorn you have just planted we may drink the health of one whom we may hope will yet prove as strong and sturdy as the oak which that same acorn is destined to give life to." "As your Honor wills it," replied Eversdale, and he went at a rapid pace towards his house, and he was not long before he returned. Filling a tankard of ale he presented it to Sir Hubert. The old man approached the blushing smiling mother, and laying his feeble hand tenderly upon the head of the sleeping infant he raised his eyes to heaven, and although he spoke not, yet all present knew that he was imploring a blessing upon the head of the unconscious heir of Evers dale. When he had drained the goblet he re turned it to the hand of the farmer. It was again filled and placed in the hand of Lionel Digby. The young cavalier looked round for a moment, he saw that most of the faces there pre sent were those which possessed all the charac teristics of the Saxon race, he said in a loud voice, " Waes hael." Some one of those present cried out in reply " Drinc Jiael," and the young cavalier drained his tankard to the dregs. The fair Mary St. Maur tasted the generous beverage, and her ancient grand aunt, as she applied her lips without any great show of courtesy, seemed to turn what was left into something extremely acid, for the farmer poured it on the ground, and re- filled the vessel. 4 Here,' exclairiied he, in a tone the sincerity and earnestness of which was apparent ; 4 here, Sir Hubert St. Maur, I drink to the health and prosperity of your house and name ; and trust that you or yours shall never want an Eversdale to die for you in the hour of your need.' 4 Thanks, bold yeoman of England/ said the knight, removing tor an instant the rich velvet cap which protected his aged head, 4 1 shall consider the young scion of your house as bound by your pledge.' 4 If he is his father's son you may,' replied Evers dale, 4 if he violates it, may the fault be his not mine : from that hour I disown him.' 4 1 thank you. Eversdale,' said the old. man, and once more raising his cap, he motioned his grand daughter to his side, she looked at him, then raising the slight veil which covered the face of the infant, she imprinted a kiss upon his cheek. In another moment she had. taken the hand of her grandfather within her arm,, and they turned to depart. Lionel Digby had watched her every moment, and if there had beep any there who presumed to court the favors of one so fair, they certainly would have felt indignant at the expression which beamed from the eyes of the young cavalier. They separated, the honest farmer accompanied by his kindred and friends returned to their own homestead where they were regulated with the best of fare. Sirloins of beef which looked as if they themselves felt a pride to be placed upon the table to be eaten, baru-door fowls that had lived so long and grown so fat, they must have inevitably died of appoplexy if the knife had not altered their fate, turkeys which seemed to have cultivated their natu ral genius for eating till they got tired of it, and many another good dish of substantial food neglected in our degenerate days when French and: Italian dishes rule the sway — not the roast. This substantia repast was accompanied by an unlimited allowance of good strong ale. And under its effects — no doubt — the spirits of the company waxed high, and if they did prolong the feast till morning — if there was dancing and singing (heaven help some of the harmony of the latter) it must be remembered that the occasion produced it ; and it was long after the christening clay of the young Reuben had passed into oblivion, ere the company had left for their homes, and the wearied yet cheerful host was allowed to re tire to his repose. At a sober and sedate pace Sir Hubert St. Maur,. leaning upon the arm of his grand-daughter and accompanied by his sister and his friend returned to wards the manor house. Their way led them through quaint old lanes, the trees encircling which, would have up-rooted and flung themselves across the road way if they could ever have dreamed that such a thing as a rail-road could have marred their beauty. Anon, there was a break, admitting a pass ing vista of some forest glade, — the deer which had placed themselves to rest within the covert,, and the last rays of the setting sun which still faintly illumined the lofty summits of the oaks which shielded them. The old man sighed as he looked around him — he thought of his long line — of its noble honors — of the ages which those who pre ceded him had held possession of these rich lands, and bowed his head as he looked at the last survivor of them all — the fair girl beside him. But as lie looked towards her and caught a glance of her honest, truthful face, he ceased to regret that there was no male heirs to his honors. At that, moment, a solitary night-bird whistled above his head; he saw the momentary waving of the wing, he heard the cry, and it seemed to whisper words of hope. He looked around upon the face of. Lionel Digby, and he felt that the voice of the wandering minstrel had not uttered its accents in vain. At length they approached the manor house, a curious old building it was, full of halls, of corridors, and gloomy-looking staircases, which looked like so many downy beds where ghosts could slumber till it pleased their humor to start up and disturb the honest sleepers in the apartments around them. In these same apartments, too, were quaint looking panels, which if you struck them in the proper place were sure to fly open and display to view, dingy, damp, clammy, flags, where drops of water seemed to be ever trinkling down with that un earthly dripping which to us often appears, as in Germany in the present day, as if it was the blood of some murdered victim which had united till the door was again opened, in order that it might an nounce the fate of the owner whose veins it had once occupied. There were too, large strange outlandish chambers, which in our degenerate times — no man would venture to inhabit, and halls hung round with . huge antlers, suits of armor, old-fashioned swords,, daggers of that sort which the knights of old, called a 44 miseriorde," and many a different sort ot weapon, defensive and offensive, some of vhich the antiquarians of the present day would be surprised to see — and doubtless, if they had seen them, they would have been puzzled to learn their exact use. Sir Hubert St. Maur, and his companion entered the grand hall amid the respectful salutations of. numerous domestics, and notwithstanding that torches and candles endeavoured to fling a glare of light over the extent of the apartment,, and that by their so doing they only showed their inability to effect their object, yet, when the evening meal was placed upon the board, and the good old knight took his seat at the head, you. could scarcely have found a happier party, for even the discontented sister of the house, smiled as she saw the delicacies which the knowing cooks had provided for her own peculiar relish. There was many a quiet jest, and many a merry laugh in that hall, but when the repast was over, and the old knight had flung himself back in his arm chair and composed himself to sleep, — his sister Mabel — the most vigilant of housekeepers, went, to spy out the errors of the domestics — and the remaining two of the quartette went forth to breath the fresh air of the evening. They walked up and down the terrace together, speaking low, although no human being was within hearing, and the gentle breeze of evening as it murmured between the trees . seemed unconscious of their presence.. Who can. tell what thoughts, what, fears,, what hopes passed through the mind of this young couple as they strolled along ; but one thing is certain that on that same memorable evening they pledged them selves to live and die together and that affianced, fhev returned to the drawing-room, while the sly knowing moon looked down and smiled, and the stars sparkled so brightly that you would have thought they had entered into a combination to concentrate all their rays for the week, and ex pend them as a sort of illumination for that one happy night. Alas ! how often do we see the pro verb — " after a storm comes a calm" reversed, and Lionel Digby while he was looking with pride and love upon the one whom he had chosen, little thought that the sorrow and the misery which he dreaded not for himself was destined to fall with heavy and painful violence upon her. The night wore on, the moon pursued her course across the heavens, the stars rose and set, and light clouds flitted across them, now and then vanishing away in the distance, like the aspirations of those who slum bered beneath the roof of Sir Hubert St. Maur. 