UNION OF CHURCH AND STATE T« BOWING aside, for the present, all other matters of importance, this subject claims our utmost attention at the pre sent crisis,—as that which treats of the relation in which Church and State do, or ought to stand to each other. Philosophers, divines, and statesmen have already elaborately treated of the subject. Politicians at the "Antipodes" have now to deal 'with it; and conscience constrains religious men to make it a subject of earnest but anxious thought. The interests which it involves are of paramount importance, as affecting seriously the welfare of religion, and bearing directly on the province of reli gious liberty. Its discussion cannot be averted, connected as it is with pij^lic arrangements and personal rights and privileges. The question cannot be sulred till men conceive more clearly what is required for its solution. Let the actual condition of the alliance between Church and State be examined, nd thereby the important preparation made for solving the question rightly in due time. It would be preposterous to expect from one man an unbiased view of such a question; but, from the collection of many vieivs a right estimate might be formed, in all its magnitude. Now, touching the Voluntary prin. ciple,—its friends have succinctly expressed themselves thus:—" The state, as such, has nothing to do with religion, and religion nothing, to do with the state." This is utterly erroneous, we say, and we have the best authority on our side for saying so, that—" the state must legislate and govern in the fear of God, according to Scripture, for the glory of God and the good of the nation." Hence their laws must be neither anti-Christian nor immoral— neither unjust nor oppressive. The Churches must, at the same time, be free from all secular control, to intrude no ministers upon them,—to impose no lax on the reluctant for the purposes of religion,—and to use no coercion whatever in religious matters. The main objection is to the definite ir ion between the Church and the gove.jment, which arises from a national paymen t of the pastor, and the consequent superintendence and control exercised by the State over him and the Church. The objection to the connexion would not exist, in our humble opinion, if it were founded on the principle of co-ordinate i jurisdiction. The present principles of the union between Church and State in England, are condemned by the AVord of God. It is a matter pregnant with aerious consequences, when we remember that Church property is entirely created by law, and the State lias determined upon what terms it shall be held, or to what extent it may be altered or abrogated, at the whim or caprice of the Legislature. If the present supremacy exercised by the State does not originate out of the provisions made for Christian pastors, then it could be proved incontestibly, from history, that the supremacy claimed and exercised by the State over the Church of ENG LAND rests on the practice of the PAPAL supremacy assumed by the English ; monarch. The fact is certain, that the | State claims and excrcises absolute ! supremacy; for instance, the statute declares, — " That the Crown has all spiritual and ecclesiastical jurisdiction, equal to the Pope, Synod, Prelate, or Church, for the discipline of the Church, correction of heresy, schism, and sin of any and every kind. Bishops and pastors have no spiritual jurisdiction, but that delegated by the Cnov;, ; and no ' Bishop or prelate dare impeach any part of the statute on pain r of cxcommunica- . Hon. H hue dwelling on such an important part of this subject, just imagine • , ci_ t the fact, that a major part of the Legislaturc is composed of men utterly des- „ ,. . • . , T .. titute of religious principle. Is it possible, after this, not to regard the , . ,, , , •> 1 11 Church of tr.gland as ucplorably cnslaved f We shall now proceed to give a few extracts from the Eev. Mr. Noel's Essays on the subject. The conclusion he draws is inevitable, and truly appalling :— " This supremacy of the Sti;to, without divine authority, is incompatible with the rights of Christ. The Scripture declares that Christ is the King of his Church, and, therefore, to allow the State to rule over it without bis authority is as much treasonable as it would be in Ireland or in Canada to elect a foreigner for its ruler, without reference to the will of onr sovereign. Christ is the Head and Master of his Church as a man is head and master of his own household. And when any Churches, without authority from him, allow spjriiua] dominion over them to a stranger, they are revolting against his authority, as much as servants would be who, in their masters absence, should invite another to asume the direction of his house. In allowing to the Staie this spiritual dominion over if, the Church of England has became treasonable, rebellious, adulterous, and unnatural; it is a community with two spiritual kings—a household with two separate masters—a wife with two husbands—a body with two heads." From this snpremacy of the State, it follows, that the State can determine the number of prelates and pastors, and select the men—that the State pronounces on the doctrine to be taught in the establishment—that the supremacy of the State comes into collision with the authority of Christ, respecting the worship of God ; and that the State governs the Churches and regulates their discipline, both with regard to the ministers and to ordinary members. What, then, is left to the Church? Kothing but abject slavery. This enslaved condition of the Church is very strongly displayed io the section which treats of patronage :— " When a patron 'presents a minister to a bishop to be settled as the pastor of a Church, the Church has no voice in the transaction. The bishop is almost as powerless ; for, unless he can prove the nominee to be legally disqualified, he must admit him to the pastoral charge. That the nominee is offensive to the people, infirm, indolent, with little talent, slender theological attainments, and few virtues; that he is ill-tempered or eccentric; that he hunts and shoots, attends at bails, and piays cards, are no legal disqualification. Unless the bishnp can prove him to be heretical or immoral, he must admit him to be the pastor, or the patron would obtain damages against the bishop, in an action of guars impedit, in the temporat court; and the rejected nominee would obtain a judgment against him, in the ecclesiastical court, by a suit of duplex querela." ""The mischief' says the honourable and reverend author, "which is done to a Church by the appointment of an ungodly minister, demonstrates the magnitude ot the injury which the whole Establishment most sutler from this cause. If it be as intolerable an evil to an evangelical Church to have an ungodlv pastor, as for a flock to have a wolf for 'its shepherd, a crew, when tossed by the tempest, to have a drunkard for their captain, or for an army in an enemy's conntry'to have a traitor for their general.it must be intolerable to the establishment to have many of its Churches misled by such pastors. But as long as the system of patronage lasts, this evil must continue. The rich patrons of this country are not generally evangelical and godly, and therelore do not nominate evangelical and godly pastors;' and ungodly pastors can never form and build up evangelical and godly Churches. Thus this rittple evil of patronage secures that the Churches of the Estabbskmcnt thali continve, as they have ever been, to a great extent ignorant and irreligious.. Irreligious patrons are a corrupt foundation for the Establishment, whieh no improvements in the detail of its administerations ean ever rectify; and patronage must ever be a sourc of tnitchiff so prolific, that the Churches of the Establishment, vjithout such miracUs of grace as this disrtpard of the authority of 'Christ forbids us to expect, must still remain ignorant and irreligious." The first part of the work concludcs with a summitry, from which we extract the following dear and vigorous sentences ; — "Tho union of the Churches with the State in this country rests upon four main principles—the legal maintenance of the pastors, the supremacy of the State, patronage, and compulsion. In supporting this union, Christains, we are charged by the authority of Christ to aupport their own pastors, have devolved this duty upon the State ; and being bound to interpret and enforce Christ's law for themselves, tliey have committed to the State, that is, to the world, tho right to superintend them—thus allowing the supremacy of the world to encroach upon _ ... the supremacy ot Christ, It is "Christ's declared will that they should select their pastors with the greatest care, according to the direction -which he has left for this purpose ; and they have left the nomination of their pastors to others who are for the "iOFt part men of the -world, not reserving to themselves even tlie liberty of objpctiDg to tbo jntnitive nominee. And while every ofteriDR to God should be free, and Cbristain ministers onght loreceivo no contribution which can hinder their usefulueBB, Anglican Chrietains allow the State to alienate thousands from the gospel by compelling them to pay for the aupport of good and bad past* rs indiscriminately on pain of the guilt of a selfish and covetous disregard of positive duty. Their allowance of the State supremacy is infidelity to Christ their King and Head. The third principle which they support Is destructive oi their spiritual welfare; and the fourth renders them schismatical towards their dissenting brethren, and unchai liable to cverv other recusant. All these four ponfipa[a ar6 UDEcripturol, corrupt, and nonous; and by placing the Churches of Christ under the influence of men of tVc world, inndor th(.ir free actinn. destroy their spiritualitv, and perpetuate their corruptions. " Were this union to be now lor the first )irnr, pr0p0Eed to Christain men, 1 believe there is ecarcelv one who would not instantly repudiate it "Custom alone ran account ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ christains have been familiar with it from their infancy: roman- J^s the" venerable ; few ever study the directions of prelat^8 ineumbent^'md exprc'ants, are all interested in its stability ; 1 {hose which would sticngthen the popular ly reiterated, invest it with an air of saeredeves , to And the many enls which ^o resotutely it entails, shut anil their wlio ci,)Ee their cars against expositions of its rorirpticn. applaud even the blindest and i most headlong of its advocates, I INTLUEKCE vros Disimrs.—'" From this ! enumeration of eomo of the functions of a I prelate imposed by the State, it is ton obvi- ,,„E that a pa6tor 6nddenly raised by the Cat of the premier to the prelatic dignity 1 must undergo temptations of no ordinary (orce_ Uow can ona, whose position wes so humble, become at once so lofty without giddiness? That smile of a statesman has made him at once a peer, the master of a palace, tho owner of a lordly revenue, the fuccesscr of apostles. TlienreFonh he shines in Parliament, and mcvcs &n;>idst the most splendid circles of the wealthiest nation of the earth; or. r palace, he administers within its baronial precincts an extended patronage, wields an absolute sceptre over one- third of his clergy, and by an indefinite prerogative awes and controls the rest, meets no one to question his opinions or contradict hia will, nnd may louk along a lengthened vista «f enjoyments to the more dazzling splendour and prerogatives of Lambeth. If a man, under these circumstances, is not deteriorates, he must have extraordinary wisdom and virtue. To the efficiency t-f most men as ministers of the gospel, these circumstances would be fatal. They would cease to be pastors; (heir preaching would become lordly, heartless and infrequent; and they wouldgro»- worldly, covctous, self-indulgent proud, and imperious. If, under all circumstances,' it is easier for a camel to pass through the rye rf a needle, than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God,' wealth, dignity, patronage, and prerogative thus combining, must greatly increase the difficulty." INFIITNCE UPON PASTORS.— "Amongst piouB Anglican pastors it is common to hear strong and even violent denunciation of' Popery, which requires no courage, because the tbiiudcrer launches bis bolts against a despised minority, and is echoed by admiring multitudes. But the ten thousand practical abuses within the Establishment wake no such indignant thunders —tho nomination of worldly prelates—the exclusion of the gospel from thousands of parishes in which, by the union, ungodly ministers have the monopoly of spiritual instruction— the easy introduction of irreligious youths into the ministry—the awful desecration of baptism, especially in large civic parishes— the more awful fact, that thirteen thousand Angelican pasters leave some millions of the poor, out of a population of sixteen millions, utterly untaught—the hateful bigotry of the canons,which excommunicato all whoVcognise any other Churches of Christ in England except our own—the complete fusion of the Church and the world at the Lord's Table—the obligation upon every paribh minister publicly to thank God for taking to hiirBelf the soul of every wicked person in the parish who dies without being excommunicated — the almost total neglect of Scriptural Church discipline—tha tyranny of the licence system—tho sporting, dancing, and card-playing of many clergymen—the Government orders to the Churches of Christ to preach on what topics, and to pray in what terms, the State prescribes—the loud and frequent denunciation of our brethern of other denominations as schismatics —tbo errors of the articles and of the prayer book, and the invasion of the regal prerogatives of Christ by the State supremacy —the total absence of self-government, and, therefore, of all self- reformation, in the Establishment, &o.; &c.; &c.;: all these enormous evils are tolerated and concealed. Dissenters are often and eagerly attacked becauBe comparatively weak ; but scarcely a tongue condemns the tyranny of the State towards the Angelican Churches, because the State is strong and holds tho pnrse. Some eagerly search into the future, compel unfulfilled prophecy to reveal to them the fate of distant generations ; bat majestic and tnomentous^vents passing before our eyes are overlooked. They keenly' discuss what Jerusalem is to be in the millennium, hut do not ask what Scotland and the Canton de Vaud are now. There is not a corner or nook of prophetic Scripture which they do not explore, but they know little of what the same Scripture declares of the constitution and discipline of Christain Churches. Books and pamphlets without end solicit attention to the millennium, but scarcely a whisper suggests how existing Churches aro to be purified and revived, The evils without the Churches are delineated with vehement fidelity, but the evils within ncBtlo undisturbed." " But what are the pastors of the Angelican Churches in fact ? I grieve to write it. There are men among them of great virtues, to whom I gladly do homage. I know and love many faithful, energetic, and sincere servants of Christ; but when these exceptions are subtracted, what are the rest ? I grieve to write it. Chosen by peers and squires, by colleges and Church corporations, by Chancellors and State made prelates, many are made pastors by a corrupt favouritism, many are allured to an uncongenial employment by the income which it offers them, and many embrace the profession of a pastor because they are too dull, inert, or timid, for any other. They have scarcely any theological training, they are pledged to all the errors in tho prayer-book, and all tho abuses sanctioned by the union. They dread reforms, they are servile to patrons, they are intolerant to dissenters; their zeal is crippled by State restrictions, and their indolence tempted by unbounded liberty to indulge it. Severed from the body of the people by their birth, by their early education, by their college life, by their aristocratical association, by their zeal for their ecclesiastical prerogatives, they have little popular influence. Lawyers, men of science, and editors of newspapers, do not listen to them; chartists and socialists dislike and despise them; they scarcely touch the operative millions; they make few converts among the devotees of fashion ; and under their leadership the Christian army is inert, timid, and unsuccessful." INFLUENCE UPON CURATES—"This state of the. law places 5.230 curates entirely at the mercy of the bishops. If a curate iB too evangelical or too friendly towards pious disseuters, or denies the doctrine of baptismal regeneration, or blames the canons, or offends the great by his faithful preaching, he may he as blameles; as Daniel and as derated As Faul, but the Bishop may revoke his license without assigning any reason, and may ' x- pel him altogether from his diocese. Tito worst felon in her Majesty's dominions cannot be condemned without trial before a jury; but a minister of Christ, of tho highest qualifications, the greatest capacity, and the most devoted zeal, may bedriren 'from his flick, deprived of bis income, and sent forth an exile from the diocese, without any trial— nay, without any reason, except the autocratic fiat of the ordinary. And this has been re-enacted within the present reign ! "It may occur to the reader that such a curate would, in reality, suffer no great hardship, since he would instantly be welcomed by other bishops. But the forty-eighth canon enacts as follows-.—'Curates and ministers, if they remove from one diocese to another, shall not, by any means, be admitted to serve without testimony of the bishop of the diocese whence they came, in writing, of their bonestv. ability, and conformity tn the ecclesiastical laws «f the Church of Eng. land.' When, therefore, a bishop revokes his licence, and drives a curate from his diocese, as he will not countersign any testimony in his favor, and whheut his testimony no other bishop can canonically receive the curate, the arbitrary net which expels the curate from one diocese drives him, in reality, from all, and sentences him to dissent or starvation. Should he ventui e to preach withrut a licence, he would bo liable to excommunication; whereupon, after forty days, a writ de txcommnicato capiendo may issue against him out of Chancery, and, being imprisoned, he ma? have to endure all the corBrquenees which the State hasattached to Episcopal fulminstions. It is not clear that he ran, with impunity, seek a provision for his family even as a layman, for, by the seventy-sixtit canon, 'Xo man being admitted a deacon or minister shall from henceforth voluntari'y relinquish the same, nor afterwards use himself in the courEe of his life as a layman, upon pain of excommunication.' Excommunication meets him whether he exercise his ministry or renounce it, and he must either satis'ly the bishop or starve. "Thus, on the one hand, if a curate conforms himself in every respect to the will of a bishop, zealously upholds the supremacy, maintains the unerring wisdom of the prayerbook, the immaculate truth of each of the thirty-nine articles, and the authority of the canon?, then peacc and plenty are beforn him ; nay, possibly, he may himself climb to the p'urac'es of eeclesiastieal greatnecs—to a peerage and a palace ; but if be maintains the authority of Christ against the spiritual authority of the State, examines with hearty allegiance the truth, the doctrines and tho discipline of the Establishment; if he condemns the authority of the canons, and in any way comes into collision with the prejudices and passions of the diocesan, then he is at the mercy of an irresponsible autocracy, which may at any moment ruin his prospects and blight his fame. Such circumstances interdict, if I mistake not, to the curates of England all fearless, generous, and independent search after truth. " 1 have noticed before the influence of a complicated system of ecclesiastical law, and of unrestricted patronage, in the same direction. "There is, further, a very disagreeable addition likely to be made to the character of a young curate by the circumstances of his condition. Deterred by consequences to tremendous from questioning any doctrine of the prayer-book, he must defend the formula of his ordination to the priesthood. ' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest. . . . Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven; and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained.' By these words he is tempted to believe that he has received the Holy Ghost by the imposition of the bishop's hands. Then he is called to ponder the ninth, tenth, eleventh, and twelfth canons, which condemn as schismatics, all dissenting congregations,and excommunicate those who own them to be Churches of Christ; he reflects, also, that he is the legal pastor of tho parish exclusively patronized by the State; and when to this is added his exclusive training at an exclusive school and in an exclusive college, with exclusive reading and exclusive friendships, and the constant recurrence of exclusive charges of bishops and archdeacons, it is to be expected that each young curate will imbibe Anglo Catholic inflation. More especially, if he has been thrust upon his parish in order to secure the family living, without talent, knowledge, or piety, he is almost sure to protect himself against his non-conformist rival by lofty pretensions, boldly and blindly denounce dissent as schism, and thus unite with his timid servility to the great, an arrogant exclusiveness towards tho disciples and ministers of Christ" (Pp 318-322.) lKn.tr.Kct: ON MEMBERS or ANGLICAN CHURCHES,—"On the whole, it is most melancholy to contrast what the Anglican Churches ought to be with what they are. They ought to be composed of' saints and faithful brethren,' under the superintendence of able and faithful pastors. They ought to be ' the salt of the earth and the light of tho word'—' epistles of Christ, known and read of all men ' —the soldiers of truth clothed in a divine panoply, and earnestly contending for the faith—each separate member an evangelist to his neighbours, and all together aiming at ihe conquest of lho whole nation: for Christ. " <' But they are a confused mass of believers and unbelievers, allowing strangers to impose upon them multitudes of ungodly pastors, who bring a spiritual blight upon them, and whose ministry they nevertheless support. Tho scriptural discipline, which is essential to the purity and vigour of Christian Churches, they have wholly abandoned. For the plague-stricken multitudes round them they do almost nothing. If the pastors are ottou exclusive and schismatical, so are some of them. They associate freely, bath at their own tables and at tho Lord's table, with his enemies, from whom they ought to separate, and live in almost total separation from his non-conformist followers, with whom they ought to be united. Few are evangelists to the poor : few teach in Sunday-schools, and of these few scarcely any are educated men. They see round them whole villages degraded by ignorance and vice, and suffer them to live and die untaught and unwarned. Family and personal religion languishes. Few heads of families expound the Scriptures to their children and servants, or pray with them, except by the repetitions of a book. Trained in so heartless a manner.the children of religious parents frequently relapse into total worldliness; and the world recruits its forces from those who ought to have become the servants of the Redeemer. Upon the masses of the working-class, the myriads of fashion, and the whole army of scientific and literary men, Anglican Christians make scarcely any impression, while a latent and wide infidelity is making unchecked ravages among them. In this Laodicean lukewarmness the Churches ought to repent, to meet for discussion and mutual exhortation— should unitedly and fervently supplicate the gift of the Holy Spirit, and begin to labour for the conversion of sinners and their own spiritual improvement. But, except to go through the Sunday services, thoy never meet as Churches; they have no brotherly association, no social prayer, no acts of humiliation, no effort for spiritual revival. " Nor is it easy to see how, under the nnion.any greatimprovementcau be effected State supremacy and aristocratic patronage secure that the Establishment shall continue for ever a worldly corporation. As a representative government must ever reflect the attributes of its constituency, so long as the majority of the people are worldly, the State must be worldly too ; a worldly Slate must generally raise worldly nominees to the bench of bishops i and worldly bishops will ordain, without scruple, young men as worldly as themselves. Further, as the patrons, who are rich and great, are likely, as a class, to be worldly, and the pastors must generally resemble the patrons by whom they are chosen, the pastors must generally be worldly; and as tho Churches cannot generally rise in spirituality beyond their pastors, tho Churches must be worldly too. So that worldly bishops and worldly patrons are likely to secure in perpetuity worldly pastors and worldly Churches throughout the land." (Pp. 830-333.) INFLUENCE UPON DISSENTERS.—" Let us now recapitulate the evils which the union inflicts upon dissenters. By exalting a rival denomination it necessarily depresses them, and by branding them as schismatics shuts them out from the society and the sympathy of their fellow-Christians. It impedes their efforts to instruct the ignorant; it allures the children of their wealthier members to desert them, and thus impoverishes their ministers, their schools, their colleges, and their missions; it deprives them of their share of advantage from the ecclesiastical property of tho nation ; it forces them, by the payment of Church rates, to support an ecclesiastical system which they condemn ; and, by compelling them to seek a political remedy for a great political grievance, it exposes them to the censure and dislike of their fellow-Christians, as a turbulent political party who merit the severest reprehension." (Pp. 313,311.) The second chapter, wliich treats of tlfe influence of the union upon things, is subdivided into eleven sections, showing the influence of tho union upon—1. The Number of Ministers; 2. The Distribution of Ministers; 3. The Maintenance of Ministers; 4. The Doctrine taught in the Anglican Churches; 5. The Discipline of the Anglican C hurches; 6\. Tlie Evangelization of the Country; 7\. Tbc Union of Christians; 8. The Reformation of the Churches; 9. The Progress of Religion in the Country; 10\. The Government; and, 11. Other National Establishments throughout the World. Our space will not permit us to attempt any analysis of the topics contained in this chapter. We have perused and re-perused it with pity and terror—pity, that such should be the condition. of England and its Church, utterly, incurably, and hopelessly corrupt; and terror, to think of the tremendous consequences that must ere long take place, if some remedial measure be not speedily found. A complete separation between Church and State is the only measure suggested by Mr. Noel: and we give, as our last extract, a portion of the summary with which he concludes his mournfully solemn and impressive work:— CONCLUSION "The union of thoChurchcs wilh the State is doomed. Condemned by reason and religion, by Scripture and by experience, how cau it be allowed tu injure the nation much longer! All the main principles upon which it rests are unsound. Its State-salaries, its supremacy, its patronage, its compulsion of payments for the support of religiou, aro condemned by both the precedents and the precepts of the Word of God. Wo have seen that it sheds a blighting influence upon prelates, incumbents, curates, and other members of Churches. It odds little to the number of pastors, it distributes them With a wasteful disregard to the wants of tho population, and it pays least to those whom it ought to pay most liberally. It excludes the gospel from thousands of parishes ; it perpetuates corruptions in doctrine; it binders all scriptural discipline; it desecrates the ordinances of Christ, confounds the Church and the world, toments schism among Christians, and tempts the ministers of Christ both in and out of the Establishment to bo eager politicians. Further, it embarrasses successive governments, maintains one chief element of revolution in the country, renders tho reformation of the' Anglican U hurches hopeless, flinders the progress of the gospel throughout the kingdom, andslrengthensall the corrupt 1'apa.l Establishments of Europe. " Worst of-all, .it' grieves' and ' quenches' the Spirit of Cod, who cauaot be expected largely to bless the Churches which will not put away their siuB. " But when it shall be destroyed, wo have reason to hope that tho Churches will revive in religion speedily. Sound doctrine will thi i) be heard from most of the Anglican pulpits ; cvauge'ists will go forth into every part of the laud ; scriptural discipline will no restored; schisms will be mitigated ; Christian ministers will oeuse to be political partizans : we may look for a larger effusion of the Spirit of G^d ; nud England may become the foremost of the natioua iu godliness and virtue. "Letall who fear and love God arise to accomplish this second Reformation. The work whi<#yDur martyred forefathers began in the face of the dungeon und the stake, let BS, in their spirit, complete !•' 