STONEY TOUCH COUIIT.-FIIIDAV. (Het'ore tho Police Magistrate.) ACTING THE GHOST.—John Innes, aged about fifteen, was placed at the bar, charged as above. Constable M'Caskey deposed that between seven and eight o'clock, on Thursday night, the lad abruptly entered his house, wrapped from head to foot in a white shirt, carrying a light beneath. He expressed his intentions by saying, "I'll frighten the guts out of you, and no gammon." He so far succeeded, as to frighten the senses out of Mrs. Constnble M'Caskey, who fell into con- vulsions. The constable further stated that he was obliged to procure medical aid for his wife, and she was not yet recovered. The Police Magistrate said it was high time to do something to check such pranks, and ordered the boy to find sureties for his good behaviour, himself in a 10l. bond, and two sureties in 5l. each, or in default to be imprisoned during seven days. STEALING A SHAWL .-Caroline Dunn, was placed at the bar, or rather she took up her frequent and favourite position in front of the reporters' box, charged by Mary Ann Brignall, with robbing bur of a bran new shawl, valued at seventeen and sixpence, in George-street, on Thurs- day night. Caroline has lately been very often before the Police Court,owing to the following facts. Some time ago, sho cohabited with a licensed waterman, named John Hazleton, (not a jolly young waterman, as described in Dibdin's naval poems,) but a queer-looking crusty old fellow as ever plied a pair of skulls. Mr. Hazleton, some twelve months ago, fixed his amorous gaze upon Mary Aim brignall, who would be very useful in his wherry when steering in close quarters, or among shoals and breakers, as she is blessed with the singular gift of being able to look two ways at once. He abandoned poor Caroline, and Mrs.Brignell had been, since then (so she swore) his house- keeper. Caroline had, sinco. then, taken every opportunity of proving that " her injured honour cried ' aloud for vengeance," and she has been dealt with for obscene language, threatening lan- guage, cum multís alias. Brignell and tho water- man swore, that on Thursday night they were walking in Lower George-street, when they met Caroline Dunn, who by iSj detail of her injuries, embellished by her flowery oratory, moved some twenty or thirty men and boys to sympathise with her. They hooted and hunted the waterman and his housekeeper, who were compelled to retreat from superior numbers and took refuge in n pub- lic-house, called the Land We Live In ; but Caroline, in her hour of triumph, snatched the shawl from the shoulders f' Mrs. Brignell, pro- bably by way of hurling down .thc enemy's Hag. She denied the charge, cross-examined the wit- nesses, apostrophised the Bench, the spectators, the reporters, and the Police, with broken excla- mations such as " Oh I my''-" well ; after that"-"did you ever." She was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. WATER POLICE OITICB.-Thero wore only thrco cases on tho list yesterday. Ono of them was a summons case for wages, but ns tho parlies did nut appear' it was struck off tho list. In tho second "case, John Lynch, ono of tho seamen be- longing to tho Cremona, was' found guilty of assaulting ono of thu officers, and .sentenced to nay a lino of. 10s., together with 4s. Gd. costs, or Wimprisoiied for fivo days. Tho luttor alter- native was adopted.-Tho third casu was a charge of stealing preferred against 'William Munbraith and William Waihou, two sonuieu belonging to tho Nestor. Tho proporty stolen was a bolt of canvas, being a portion of tho ship's stores. Hoben Turner who was working on board tho Nestor on tho previous dny, slated that towards evening the prisoner Manbraith carno on board, and asked ililli if ho know whero he could sell sonio canvas, .Witness referred the prisoner to a Mr. Morris, ns being tho- most likely person to soil it for him. ' Prisoner roplied that ho would not liko to trust Mr. Morris, und advised witness to go with him lo sell it, ulleging that they would " mukc a good thing of it, as there wus uearly u bout full of it" Witucss docliued to do so, and suspecting that thero was something wrong, lie went immediately nnd informed tho captain ol' what had taken placo. Ho did not, however seo tho canvas, nor did lie seo tho other prisoner (uko nny part in;tho mutter. Tho ibrogoing evidence was confirmed by that of Henry illiss, a seaman on board thc saino vessel, who deposed ' that ho founda holt of canvas in his berth, which ho subsequently saw thc prisoner Muubruith (uko on shore. In consequence of thc information afforded by Turner, tho Captain had tho vossol searched, and ultimately found1 tho missing property on tho wharf, rolled ùp in Mnnbraith's jaokut. This led to tho.apprehension of both prisoners, it appearing that tho prisoner: Wnthon hud sonio band in con- voying tho property ashore. Tho Captain, how- ever, stated .in Iiis evidence, Hint from what he lind sinoo learnt, ho heliuved thu prisoner Wnthon to bo innocent. Tho Hench after considering tho evidence, .expressed a similar belief, and Wathcn was. therefore' discharged. The other .prisoner wus'fonnd guilty, and sentenced hi tivelvo weok's imprisonment. . ' " ] roHVAUi/s Snit B.V.\ iJiîiis.-TJiuso gpnj lemon giivo tho first of Uhelr present 'serle*/'of lîtliionlmi un Lcrtitinniouls, at the lioynl Hotel, yestuiilur even- ing. ¡Tho nUuuduneo.wus numerous ami fashion, able, ami the pieces,genorally speaking, »vere well executed, many of tlu'in warmly encored. Tho cons. wore selcctod with taite, and given in a manner which excited much laughter and merriment SiiUDHX DüATn.-On Thursday last a married' woman; named llornbrodlc, left bnr lióme for some purpose or other, and did not return until mid- night, ivhen she was driven to her husband's door in a çiibj accompanied by a woman mimed,?"SLiy.'JL. Tho hitter was very much intoxicated, und was conveyed into a room by Horn brook and his wife, whure- sho was laid on a sofa. Shu appeared to he in ii very depressed state, and they ga»o her some brandy and ginger bM She then lay on her face and mouth, and hoing unusually cjuiot, Hornhrapk became uhu-mod, and ? on proceeding to.turn her round, 'he discoveivd that she was dead. Dr. Cuthill wns immediately sont for, but.his assistance was of no ava.il.' '. '?? 