THE games iteming Herald MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1852. "Sworn to no Master, of no Sect am I." THE VICTORIA DIGGINGS. No. 3. WHEN you come to consider- the large number of men that the Gold Commissioner is called upon to overlook, and the very small con- stabulary force that is placed at his disposal, you will naturally think, with many others, that if he be active in his exertions, his whole time will be consumed in hunting up sly- grog shops. As it is from these that springs the crime we have upon the diggings, it is naturally a first duty to keep a sharp eye upon them and nothing but the most continuous activity could be of any avail to check an evil which, with the slightest negligence, would speedily swell itself to an extent that would destroy the last ruins that remain of the i social fabric. But in addition to his duty, the Commissioner has the task of collecting the license fees, and to him the numerous disputes which arise amongst the diggers are referred for arbitration. Putting down the grog shops, and settling disputes, leave but small time for the collection of licenses, especially as a very large demand is made upon the Commissioner's time by the returns he has to furnish to Go i vernment, and which he has to draw out himself. Thus it is by no means extraordinary that only a very small proportion of diggers have paid the license fee ; the only chance of calling ! the men to account being when settling a dispute at a water-hole, when those employed at the different cradles are called on for their licenses. With these they are of course provided, for the nonce. I have been at some considerable pains to learn the proportion which those who have taken out licenses bear to those who are working without them and I really think, although you may perhaps deem my estimation out of all proportion, that not more than one-tenth of the diggers have paid the fee. Many have been up to the Commissioner's tent to take out their license, and after dancing attendance for two or three days, have been unable to get it, and have at length given up in despair all hope of obtain- ing it, and set to work without it. Finding themselves unmolested by Commissioner or police, they have considered that the thirty shillings per month was as well in their pockets as in the coffers of the Government, especially as they got nothing in return, and thus they have continued to the present time. Others, more wide awake to the system, have saved themselves the waste of time of going to the Commissioners, and have continued to work since their arrival without paying, but with an intention to pay whenever applied to. As to the Commissioner's visiting the holes, the thing is out of the question, as they are so scattered that a week would find but a very small portion of their charge visited ; neither is it to be expected that the diggers should waste three or four days in every month in their endeavour to pay the tax. I hear that it is the intention of Government to remedy this part of the evil, by appointing an officer to be attached to each Commissioner for the sole purpose of granting licenses. If this were the case, I feel convinced that the large majority of the diggers would readily pay the license fee, and would not even object to going for it, provided that no more than one day was to be-lost to obtain it. When such an arrangement shall have been made, the man who refuses to pay will be set down as a science and an interloper, and to save his i own reputation with those surrounding him, will be compelled to do as they have done before him. a with" an increase in the amount received. -We may naturally anticipate an increase in the police force of the diggings, and thus will be provided an additional means of discovering those who shirk the payment of the fee. To give anything like an accurate guess at the daily amount of gold raised, would be absolutely impossible, for it is so variable that the return of one day is no guide whatever to that of another. Besides this, fully two-thirds of the diggers are unable to wash as they would do if there were plenty of water in the creek. Many of these are now employed at dry digging, or nuggeting as it is called here, in likes already sunk, saving perhaps a little of the choicest earth, which they bring home with them to wash in a tin dish, and setting aside the likely looking stuff for the time when the cradle can be brought into operation. These are just making enough to clear themselves, with perhaps a trifle to spare, looking forward to the rainy season to pay them. Others again are prospecting, or sinking holes in the various gullies which give a promise of gold ; many of them have been eminently successful, and many localities have been discovered which will turn out a very large amount of gold when water shall be more plentiful. Thus all are in good heart, knowing well that with the first fall of rain a rich harvest awaits them. Even as it is now every man may obtain a good day's wages if he choose to stick hard to work, with of course the chance of falling upon a pocket if he should be in luck. Thus it is that the amount of gold procured still continues so large. And with respect to this amount, I am in a position to prove that not one-half of the gold raised on the diggings reaches Melbourne by the escort ; fully one half of the produce of the mines, if not more, is brought into town by individuals, and many a poor travel-worn devils for whom one would not give sixpence, may be met upon the road having on his person gold to the amount of some hundreds. This again shows the state of society to be not quite so bad as it is represented to be, for were crime so rife as reported, the roads would be infested with depredators, and hardly a traveller allowed to pass without paying toll to the knights of the road. Your humble servant, for instance, brought down gold to a very large amount for his friends, and having rather more confidence than ordinary in the general honesty of the human kind, might have fallen an easy prey to any bushranging adventurer, had only offensive weapon being a light riding whip, his only arms a small pocket pistol, of ft restorative instead of a destructive character. That large amounts still remain up at the mines, in the hands of individuals, is also certain, for many persons have a habit of planting their gold in some secure spot, gradually adding to their store, until it ac- cumulate to such an amount as will enable them to follow the bent of their respective aspirations. On these last two points I shall be able to give you some further information hereafter, after more extended enquiry, as I purpose returning to the diggings in a few days, for a longer stay, and a more comprehensive enquiry than I have yet made. Coming now to the prices asked for provisions at the diggings, I find that a writer in the Argus has anticipated what I was myself about to remark. The charges are on an average about one hundred per cent, on Melbourne prices ; the more necessary the article the greater the cost. This is owing almost entirely to the high rate of carriage, for, with roads in such a fearful state as our paternal Government leave them, the journey becomes a tedious and also a dangerous one, and many of the carriers who have once been the road cannot be prevailed upon at any price to face it again. The bridges on the route are all insecure and dangerous to the last degree that over the Coliban threatening to sink with every loaded team that passes over it, whilst many of the water courses in heavy boggy soil will become impassable in winter. The diggers are now almost at a stand still for want of rain, but when rain comes, I much fear that the road will in many places be impassable, and that the mines will have to be deserted from the impossibility of procuring supplies. All this has been known for some time, has been canvassed by the press, and talked over by the people, and yet our Government do nothing. Like Mr. James Macarthur, they adopt the motto, " stare super antiguas wins 5" and as long as an additional use of the whip can bring down the escort, and put £300 or £400 into the Government money box, the Executive will remain perfectly quiescent. I certainly do not like to join in the cry of a mob, and should feel rather inclined to take a lenient view of the acts of the Government, when I found that a general yell was set up against them for this invariably looks like factious opposition. In the present instance, however, the mismanagement of what has been done, and the total neglect of what should have been done by the Executive, is so glaring, so manifestly opposed to all that we have a right to expect from good a government, that I should be acting the part of a traitor to the best interests of the colony, did I attempt to lay the blame on the shoulders of any but those who deserved it. Hitherto the Government have incurred the responsibility only of having given the diggers dear food in a few months the ghosts of famished hundreds will call for judgment upon them, whilst the execrations of ruined thousands will ring in their ears, and bid them to a fearful reckoning. That the present amount of population at the diggings will be able to find food during the winter is admitted on all hands to be impossible, unless some improvement be made in the mode of transit and even then it is doubtful if a sufficiency of carriage can be found. It will be then that we shall have to fear the social disorganization that is now spoken of; it will be then that robbery and crime, goaded on by hunger, will stalk abroad ; it will be then that the bowie-knife and rifled Lynch will make his appearance ; whilst our dozey Executive will be snugly ensconced behind the red-coated regiments of the mother country, and look calmly on the anarchy that their torpid policy has reduced. 