THIRD DAY- FUD AT. 30lb Ajwil. Finir RACE. ¿ THE ST LERER STAKES of Thirty So»»., ; for three-yeiriold« j one mlle' and a-balf. .. Kn amice, £3. ^ ; Mr J. Kerrigan's h c Sportsman.. ..'.(Taafe) . I Mr J Tait'» hi c Sn-pllce. 2 Mr T. Roberts* l»c Varguard. 0 Mr C. Rub+rtü' bc Nimrod . 0 Mr O Smith's r f White Swan. 0 Mr A. "Budgery's b li .Seducer .. dr Nimrod «nd Suiplicc led abreast from the jump, closely followed hy the other three in a ruck ; at the distance Sportsman shnt by Nim rori, nnd went up to.Surplice; these two then imtsing the (land, head «nd berni, ha<le a final adieu lu the reit, and Inuit up lim racing. Neck and neck, and nose and nose, was the order of running observed from this spot to the finish. A more closely and spiritedly contented struggle we never witnessed on any course ; steel and whalebone were freely had recourse lu, and the keilli t of fortune wavered in Ide balance. lt was a most exciting »celie as lite two, appa- rently as clusely united as the Siamese twins, atcendid the hill to th* distance chair, nnd en- tern) upon the straight running. The jocks Taafe and Ainsworth urged their gallant cour- sers to the uttermost, and "B dead heat" was cried by hundreds, as the pair swept past the winning post. The fiat of the judge, however, gave the race to Sportsman by a nose. SKCOND RACE. THE RICHMOND PURSE of Furty Sov«., fur all burses, lo be handicapped by I tie Stew- ards, or whom they may appoint. Three limes round. Entrance, £4. Mr C. Roberts' b m Vanity, 6 yrs, 8sl 7.bs, (Ford). I Mr J. Kerrigan's b c Sampson, 4 yrs, 8il 4?b 2 Mr J. Higgersnn nh b h Plover, G yrs, Ost 91b 0 Mr De Clouetl's c li Little John, 6 yrs, fist 9 b 0 Mr J. Matthews' br li Van Tromp, 8 ) rs, 8st 71b.,-.. . dr The lot jumped nfflogether. Little John at the turn taking a blight lead, closely waited upon by Sampson and Plover, the mare last ; this order they maintained until within the distance, when Sampson exchanged places, and led past the post the first round ; coming up the hill Vanity went to tlie lead and crept away, Taafe so closely watching the Plover as unconsciously to allow the mare to increase her distance, and on ap- proaching the descent of the lilli, where the Maitlander was called upon, and patted company with the old horse, he was unable to make up his Inst ground, nnd the mare consequently came in the »Inner by a length and a-hnlf. Time, Om Os. The belting in the above race was entirely between Sampson and the Plover, and a con- siderable amount of business was transacted. 20 to Ö was uiured against the mare prior to Harting, but no takers. THIRD RA CB, THE ALBERT STAKES of Twenty-five Suvs., for all horses ; weight for age. Heats, once round and a distance. Thc winner to be »old immediately after the race for Fifty Pounds any surplus to go to the funds ; hut if entered to be sold for £40, allowed lOlbs; if for £30, allowed l7Uis; If for £20, allowed 24 lbs. Entrance, £2 10s. Mr J. Kerrigan's c g Crane.G yrs. £30,8,1 Oil.. (Taufe) 2 1 I Mr J. Barkel's b li Pilot, 4 yr«, £00, 7st8lbs. 1 2 2 Mr J. Windnd's g li Ariosto, 6 yrs, £30, 8%t 01b_. 0 0 dr Mr H. Smith's g g Almaek,G yrs, £50, 9sl O.b. dist. Pilot and Ariosto cut out the running ; on passing the turn Pilot shot ahead ; cuming up the last hill Crnnn passed Ariosto, nnd drew upon Pilot, but Martineer shaking the bay, landed him a «inner by a length. A complaint, bring lodged against Alinark for running inside' a post, the Stewards questioned Chapman lite juck, and bc having confessed the soft impeach- ment, was consequently declared distanced. Second Heat.-¿At the turn Ariosto took thc lead as far ns the drsrent, where P'.lot passed him, nnd went ahead ; coming up the hill Taafe let Crane go, when he passed the two, and ran In an easy winner. 3rd Heat. -Ariosto being drawn. Pilot and the Cliesnut only came to the post ; Crane went ofT willi the lead, which he maintained through- out, winning easily. The whiner was told by public auction, nccoiding tn the conditions of the rare, and was purchased by Mr Pitt, one uf the Stewards, for £31 10s. FOURTH RACK. THE BEATEN STAKES of Fifteen Snvs., with a Sweepstakes of One Suv. each milled, for all Beaten Horses during the meeting. To br handicapped by the Stewards, or whom they may appoint. One mile and a-half. Mr De Clouetl's c h Little John, G yrs, 9st (Holmes) . 1 Mr Townshend'* b f Fly, 4 yrs, 8»t......... 2 The Cliesnut led lo thc Hill, where thc marc collared him, but Holmes railing upon bis horse ran in au easy'winner. The same evening, the Prir.'S were paid by Mr Wm M'Quade.at Mr George Freeman's rintel. Thus dropped the curtain upon a meet- ing which, reflects credit upon its imme- diate caterers, and yielded universal satis- faction to the unusually large number of visitors. The exertions of the Secretary, ¡VIr Wm. M'Quade, were zealously seconded by the Stewards, and his brother officials ; and the success which has at- , tended them has been as distinguished as ' deserved. ST MART'S.-A match carno oft at St Mnry's Raco-couso on Saturday last, between Mr Curry's g m Crazy Jane, threo years, and Mr Koliort's g li Tho Ghost, for £10 n-sidc; boats, onco round ; carrying 8st. At tho start the Ghost took tho lead, Crazy Jano closo up ; about tho lmlf-tnilo post thu demented lady collared tho phantom, and a capital race ensued : Jano winnini; cloverly by about threo lengths. Se- cond Heat.-Tho maro went nwny from tho jump, and wns nover bended. A match will como off on Saturday next, tho 8th instnnt, on this course, botwocn Mr Curry's g m Crazy Jano nnd Mr Ryan's b m Queen of Trumps, for £20 n-sido ; milo boats : carrying Sst. This is expected to bo n most interesting rnco, ns both hornos aro known to bo both game and fast. notting is nt present in favor of Tho Queen of Trump«. Tins Tunf.-Tho Maitland horses. Sampson and Sportsman, which distinguished themselves nt tho Hawkesbury Mooting Inst wooli, have changed stables, their late owner, Mr Kerrigan, having disposed of thurn to Mr,R. Fawcett of this city. Tn» RINO.-A merry mill carno oOT nt South Creek on Monday, between tho Sporting nntchornnd a darky, for mutual affection a sake. Tho butcher wont into notion tn cxcollont block nnd cleaver stylo, and won tho two evonts and tho battle in 5 rounds. Timo. 13 minutes. Ttowixo MATCH.-On Monday a match for £2 a-sido will bo pulled in Wntermcn's Skills, bjtt Willlnm Sparkes and Georgo Strong. To starts at 12 o'clock from tho red buoy, round Pinch- gut, nnd baok to tho starting placo.' fanrsTniAjosu.-A rnco carno ofi on Monday lust tn Parramatta, botweon Wm. Leak, tho Castlerengh-stroet Pet, nnd tho Jew Boy, SOO yards for £1 a-sido, whioh was won with diffi- culty by Lonk. 