! TÍH3 J)EUÍVY ADMINISTRATION. {From .the Vuna, February 25.) Tho arrangements of tho Derby admi tuVtrntion, are, now comploto, and a now Inuschold has started into existence with tlie sumo readiness as tito Cabinet. It is difficult to bo particular as to tho special aptitude of this or thal minor oflicial for his now duties, without exaggerating the . importance of thc office itself. There aro .ligure pints in tho State ns well ns on tho stage, for, which a vory average nmount of personal,,, recommendations will suffice, fjoavitig, therefore, most of tho respectable walking gentlemen in the list before us to speak for themselves, wo will singlo out those which may call for a passing remark. We linvo no objection at all then, that our old friend Mr..Ix, E. Young should take a few lessons at tho Board of Trade, and ac- quire in that school a bettor stock of com- mercial statistics, as well as n better dispo- sition to apply thom to tho general good of tho public. Tho best things we'enn wish for chaos aro order and light, and wo shall not despair of souing oven tho honourable nioinbor for Scarborough me- thodical, lucid, mid sound. Tho house- hold, seems very much liko other house- holds, and,- so long ns duo regard is paid to tho, dignity anil convonionco of tho 'Cro^yn, as well as of tho privileged few that aro admittod to thc presence of roy- alty, tho great mass of thc pooplo has little to do with tho matter. '..?¡Ireland is a moro important affair. .Tito Earl of Eg- lington is chiefly known by his tourna- ment,which would havo gone off admirably but for tito rain. If ho could persuado tho Irish to sottlo their quarrols in tho snmo bloodless fashion, ho will considera- bly eclipso tho glories of that mimic chi- valry. Chief Justico BInckburno, if ho nc copts Lord Derby's ofter, will tnako an ox ccllcnt Trish Chancellor. Lord Stanley,,tho now Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, lins probubly enjoyod ns much ' di root pre- paration for that ofiico as tho distinguished excavator of tho Assyrian mnrblesl Sir.'í1., Thesigor is Attovnoy-Qoncral, it is said, with a viow to tho Speakership ofr'tho Homo of Commons in tho now Parliament, should tho fates bo so fur propitious. Lord Lyndhurst declines office, but promisos his support, ns also, it is rather stiperfloutly added, does the Duke of Richmond.- ; Tho note of preparation lins already been sounded for the forthcoming war. The electors of Marylebone and Finsbury, thnt is, the very snug parties of gentlemen who, somewhere or other, assemble now and then to pass resolutions, publish mani- festoes, and terrify ministers-have met,' ns usual, to protest against a change which seems, from their tone, to have come ra- ther suddenly upon them. As they place the Whigs and tho Conservatives tinder a common anathema, and aro far moro hor- rified nt the ghost of tho new reform bill thiin'tit'the "presage of protection, weare not-prepared to state thc particular plan of operations.'.w.tyh, which they intend to rc ; commence' ibo session. An evening contemporary, which seems as much astounded ot theso events ns the metropolitan politicians wc have mentioned, in pleased to hear that whatever doubt exists on this subject (that is, the future course of the new cabinet) will be dissi- pated immediately after tho re-election of the now ministers, by thc introduction of n resolution pledging the House of Commons to free trade." On tho other limul,, thc inhabitants of Manchester, who are, nt least, as thorough freo traders ns those of Marylebone, or ns our energetic contem- porary, have resolved not to renew tho legnne till there shall appear some occasion for it, but simply to empower tho council of the last league to watch tho proceedings of the new administration, with some very proper hints ns to what m ny bc expected, should tho new Premier venture to re-open the great question. On thc side of the new government, and in its supposed interest, there is nn equal variety of announcement. In the familiar column of one ju- dicious contemporary wo already sec the watchword " Death or Protection," and the public are assured that Lord Derby and his colleagues arc prepared to risk al) their mngnifiecnt prospects, as well as thc safety of the lim pire, next1- weak,, or to- morrow, if possible, on an expresa demand for n good duty on corn. To such ns aro still hesitnting how to greet the new administration-thnt is, whether with a brief tolerance or with in- stant defiance-wo beg to repeat the viows wo have already expressed on this subject. There arc two motivos for political action, and only two that apply, to thc "present question-tho first, political feeling ; thc second, a calculation of tho public advan- tage. Now, is there a peremptory call on any man's conscience to drive tho new ministers at once from their places, and with that view, to compel thom to declare themselves in advance of their present con- victions, mid months, if not years, before they,nie likely to compromise themselves ? It may be n snored duty to answer a ques- tion ; but we cannot conceive it a sacred duty to ask one, especially when tho object is to mnke a man bolie himself or hamper himself-to do wrong in either one way or another. Wc seo no call" in tho mat- ter, except that mission which the proverb assigns to fools-of nsking questions which thc wisest may find it difficult to answer. A just suspicion always attaches to gratuitous measures, ami nothing cnn bo so gratuitous ns to nsk a question simply bocauso it will bo disagreeable to answer it, and to hasten a decision which will require time to make it ns it ought to be made. Tho second motivo applicable to tho subject.is tho public convenience. But where is thc I possiblo advantage to tho community nt largo, of driving the now Governtnen from power, without rcnsonnblo notice, bj a species of forcible ejectment? WI13 should wo grudge twenty or thirty new hands a little taste of office ? Thc un tion surely is not spcciidly interested ii conferring a perpetual monopoly of powci on a small clique, consisting of a few no- ble families,' respectable ns they aro, and valuable as theirsorviceshave undoubtedly been. On the contrary, it is nn advantage to all pnrties, to tho nation at largo, to the I whole of thc Legislature, nnd particularly to those who havo something like politi j cal prospects of their own, that all mono- polies should bo broken up, mid that; nil sections of tho political world should linvc a fair chance. If Mr. Bright would like to bo Chancellor of tho Exchequer, ho is far moro likely to havo it after a year or two of Mr. Disraeli than nftor a long and exclusive high Whig or high Tory pre- scription. Somo one has observed thnt thora are only four men tn . tho now cabinet who have been in a cabinet before. Why not? There is all the more chance now for those who havo not boon in n ca- binet. If nobody is to Do in n cabinet who has not already been in a cabinet, or if new ministers aro only to bo mndo at: tho rate of ono in fivo years, political promotions, and, wo will add, political progress, will bo very slow. Givo tho Conservatives n chanco, for tho sake of thc publie, if not for their, own. But docs thc convenience of tho public poromptorily de- mand a dissolution ? Should Lord Dovby bo thrown into a minority hy n factious vote, he would havo no' alternative but to dissolvo Parliament at once, in order to ? pick up thc government seats, and the gain which th oro would inovitnbly bo in sovorat counties and open boroughs. I3iit would it bo to tho advantago, wo will not say tho security, of tho nation, that at this juncture- it should bo plunged into tho ani- mosities of a gonornl election, and tho groat causo of agriculture versus manufac- turo onco moro reopened with increased bitterness ? Most cortainly it would not. Thc host thing that cnn happen to us just now is, that tho now govcriimoiit should have a fair trial : and wo do not know any law of political morality that should make a little wiso forbearance a positive »in. 