KING CHARLES'S POST-RAG. {From Dicken's Household Words.) The Post-bag of Queen Victoria is a somewhat bulky affair, with its tens of thou sands of newspapers, its innumerable letters, and its millions of money. John Bull of 1852 is very proud of his Post-bag, and talks about it with remarkable vehemence* Yet not with less vehemence, did Mr. Cham berlayne, in the year 1679, propound to his associates the wonders of King Charles' Post-bag, Mr. Chamberlayne, at about that time, published a ninth edition of his very notable book on 'The Present state of England,' wherein he crammed many curious and instructive facts for his great greatrgrand- rchildren. It is easy to imagine Mr. Chamberlayne, with a somewhat pom pous manner, primly attired as a learned doctor, discoursing with uncontrollable pride of the doings and the profits of his royal mas - ter's Postrbag. In the first place, he informs his company that the profits of the Post-bag are settled by Act of Parliament on his Royal High ness the Duke of York; and that thePostr master-General for the time being is the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Houser hold. He then proceeds to develop, to an astonished public, the wondrous regulations which govern the bag. First, he tells them, every Monday letters and ' pae.quets' are despatched toFrauce, Italy, Spain, Flanders, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, and to Kent ! Perhaps his audience think that after the transaction of so much business, the Gover nors of the Post-bag enjoy a day's rest. Not so, however, declares Mr. .Chamberlayne, dallying with his ruffles, for, on Tuesday, letters and ' pacquets' are despatched not only to the United Netherlands, Germany, and other foreign parts, but to all parts of England, Scotland, and Ireland. After these exertions, his hearers think, surely the Go vernors of King Charles's Post-bag have a day's respite from work. Not quite this, but something like it ; for, on Wednesdays, Mr. Chamberlayne declares, letters and ' pacquets' are despatched to Kent only, and the Downs. On Thursday, letters start on their way to France, Spain, Italy and all parts of England and Scotland ; on Fridays, to the Spanish and United Netherlands, Germany, Sweden Denmark, and to Kent ; and on Saturday, to all parts of England, Scotland, and Ireland. And says Mr. Chamberlayne, ' the answer, of the Baid letters and ' pacquets' are received in the said office in due course ; and, from thence, dispersed and delivered according to their respective directions with all expedition.' These facts, Mr. Chamberlayne opines, are sufficient to make every English subject of the enlightened seventeenth century proud of King Charles's Post-bag. Yet other wonders of management remain to be com municated. The Post-bag is managed by deputy-r-rny Lord Arlington, of course, having nothing whatever to do except to re- j ceive his salary. Seventy-seven persons -actually' -give their attendance to the! business tif King Charles^ Post-bag inyLon- j don ; : besides one hundred and eighty-two deputy postmasters, scattered through the three kiugdoms. ?; j Mr. Chamberlayne's throat swells with ! the fullness of exultation, when be informs' his wondering company that King Charles' ; Post-bag gives employment to two ' pacquet boats' between England and France ; two between England and Flanders ; three be tween England and Holland ; three between England and Ireland ;:and two stationed at Deal. to ply to the Downs. ' As the mas ter-piece of all those good regulations,' continues Mr. Chamberlayne, the ' market town are. so connected with the capital, that all ' considerable' cities of the kingdom have an 'easy and certain conveyance for the letters thereof,: to and from the grand office, in the due course of the mails every post.1 ' Mr. Chamberlayne now proceeds to contrast the magnificent contents of King Charles' Post-bag with the paltry Post-bags of the olden time. He informs his company— who are by. this time bewildered with excess of admiration— that although the number of letters ?' missive' in England was not at all considerable in their ancestors' days, yet it is now prodigiously great, ' since the mean est people have generally learned to write ;' so great that his Royal Highness of York is able to farm the Posr-rbag for thirty-thousand pounds per year, Mr. Chamberlayne bids his friends note also, that by King Charles' bag, letters are conveyed with more expedi* tion, and less charge, than in any foreign country. A letter, containing a whole sheet of haper, is conveyed eight miles, for two pence ; two Bheets for four- pence ; and an ounce of paper for eight-pence ! This eheap conveyance is so rapid (the post-bag travel ling by night as well as by day), that a letter travels one hundred and twenty miles in four-and-twenty hours! so that, continues Mr. Chamberlayne, to make a great imprest sion upon bis company, ' in five days an answer of a letter may be had from a place three hundred miles distant from the writer !' Mr. Chamberlayne, now in a state of irre pressible excitement, continues his list of wonders .— r' Moreover, if auy gentleman desire to ride post to any principal town of England, postrhorses are always in readiness (taking no horse withont the consent of his owner), which in other king's reigns was not cNjjbj observed ; and only three pence is demanded for every English mi5e, and for every stage, to the post-boy four-pence for conducting. Besides this excellent conve nience of conveying letters, and men on horseback, there is of late such an admirable commodiousness, both for men and women of better rank, to travel from London to almost any great town of England, and to almost all the villages near this great city, that the like hath not been known in the world; and that is by stagecoaches, wherein one may be transported to any place, sheltered from foul weather and foul ways, free from damaging one's health or body by hard jogging, or over violent motion ; and this, not only at a low price, as about a shilling for every five miles, but with such velocity and speed, as that the posts in some foreign countries make not more miles in a day ; for the stage-coaches called flying- I coaches — make forty or fifty miles in a day, as from London to Oxford or Cambridge ; and that in the space of twelve hours, not counting the time for dining, setting forth not too early, nor coming in too late.' Mr. Chamberlayne's enthusiasm falls oddly upon the ears of Mr. John Bull, of 1852, who has eaten a large slice of melon with his breakfast this morning in the Maison d'Or on the Boulevards, and is now about to discuss the quality of a late chop in Fleet* street; and to let his friends in Paris know, by to-morrow morning of his whereabouts in the British metropolis. Yet we have pitched upon the wrong Mr. Ball for our contrast. Mr. Bull, taking his chop in Fleet-street, is very loud about the discrepancies of our postal arrangements.. He has two friends one who lives at Penzance, and the second who has chosen for his residence the most northerly point of Scotland ; these can communicate by letter by the payment of one penny ; yet Mr. Bull (who has also a friendjat Dover, who transacts business with a firm at Calais) is compelled to pay ten pence for the twenty miles which his letter travels. It costs two shillings arid two pence to send a letter to Spain ; yet one maybe d&spatched; any day to New Zealand for one shilling; and the emigrant in the backwoods of Canada pays but one shilling and two-pence for his letter of good tidings to his friend in London. Thus, crossing the Channel only costs two-penc^ less than the Voyage to the Antipodes. Therefore Mr. Bull grumbles ; and talks about a conven tion for the equitable adjustment of the post offices of the world. He would not be sorry to see delegates from the different countries of the world assembled here in London t'6 discuss the rates at which it is the duty of all honest stales to enable the nations of the earth to interchange friendly greetings. So much has been done in England, that he thinks a little co-operation on the part of foreign countries would be a mere act of common honesty, and he proudly points to the great results of Victoria's Penny Posl bsg; a vulgar bag it is considered perhaps by those who measure gentility by the length of the pursed and very unbecoming the dig nity of the Queen to receive copper coinage ; but it contains more treasure, more kindly humane emotions, more cordial confidences, than the bag of any other sovereign on the face of the earth. We should like the shade of Mr. Chamberlayne to rise, and take just one peep into it. Mr. Bull, of London, serenely contem plating the working of the penny inland postage, and objecting to embarrass himself wiih the Wrongs of his Dover friend, whose daily tendenees rankle at his heart, proudly, we repeat, refers to the recent history of the Post-office. The inflated pride of MrJ Chamberlayne, with his Post-office, farmed on behalf of the then Duke of York for the annual sum of thirty thousand pounds, raises^ a sneer on Mr. Bull's lip, as he surveys the present balancersheet issued from St. Mar tin's-le-Grand. And Mr. Bull has some reason to be satisfied. Let us look at the facts he can place before us. In 1839, her Majesty Queen Victoria's Post-bag received eight million four hundred and seventy thousand letters. On the fifth day of December in that year, the famous reduction in the Post-office charges came in force. The effect of change was instan taneous. Victoria's Post-bag wae too small to bear tbe vast increase— every corner was crammed ; and the Postmaster-General, with all his secretaries, found it a difficult matter to manage the unwieldy mass. In 1840, no less than one hundred and seventy million letters were crammed Into Queen Victoria's Post-bag. The ghost of Mr. Chamberlayne has a terrible look of Wonder and awe, as Mr. Bull, of 1852, announces tho fact talk ing of millions with the utmost unconcern, We allow Mr. Bull to skip forward from, the year 1840 to the year 1845, and then once more pause to hear him. In this year, we are informed, two hundred and seventy one million and a half of letters were abso lutely stuffed into the Britannic Post* bag 1 Mr. Bull's eyes gleam with uncontrollable, satisfaction as he rolls the numbers out of his mouth, and becomes dreadfully excited as he wanders about later years; till, with dilated orbs, his hand clenched upon the table, and his voice raised to its most sono rous pitch, he declares the total number of. letters that passed through the Post-office in, the year 1850 to have been three hundred and forty-eight millions j Being 'as fond aa an Arab of dates,' Mr. Bull begins to! calm himself after the delivery of this cnl minating statement, and to wander back, with rich precision, to the early years of the cen tury, and the number of letters that each brought to the Post-bag of the reigning sove-? reign. Then gently, very gently, he touches upon the profits of the Post-office for the last half-century. He reflects that we have tried a magnificent experiment of late} and that by certain advances we are reaching aj result that will content, to the fullest extent, the lovers of large balance-sheets. Mr., Bull finds that on the 5th day of January, 1840, it was shown that the net revenue for the year then ended, of the Post-office bag (including a month of the four-pennj rate) was upwards of one million aud a half ster- / ling. In the following great experimental year, which ended on the 5th of January,., 1841, the net postal revenue fell to four; hundred and ten thousand pounds ! A little' more than one-fourtb. of the usual Post office net revenue. Mr. Bull remembers that he felt a certain sadness when he read that year's account. But as the years followed one another his heart revived. The financial year which ended on the fifth of January, 1846, showed a net postal revenue of six hundred and sixty thousand pounds ; that which closed on the fifth of January, 1851, showed a net postal revenue of six hundred and ninety- four thousand ; that which closed on the fifth of January of the present year dis played a net postal revenue of one million six hundred and forty thousand pounds; buing an increase of twenty- five thousand pounds on the net postal revenue of the financial year 1839. Of the vast sums ex pended by the Postmaster-General for the convenient delivery of his bag in various parfs of the kingdera, Mr. Bull gives us a notion, when he informs us that in the financial year, 1851, the railway companies of this country received, the work done within that year, no less a sum than two hundred and six thousand pounds. We find Mr. Bull quite excited with the glowing bits of the Post-bag history. Talk of California and the gold of Australia, why, a golden sand is shifting continually all over England. So vast i9 the wealth deposited in Victoria's Post-bag, that in one year the dead letter office received in cash and bank notes nearly nineteen thousand pounds, and money,, otherwise represented, as by cheques, bills, &c;, no less than one million two hundred and twenty-six thousand pounds. Mr. Bull would not have it sup posed that these sums are quietly pocketed ; on the contrary, he is- anxious to express his assurance that ' nearly the whole of the letters containing the money were delivered to the writers.' Three years in the space of time allowed by the Post Office regula tions for the owner of the missing letter, containing any property, to recover it; and, 'at the expiration of that period, if the pro perty be in the shape of a bill or cheque, it is destroyed, and if in the form of cash, it is added to the revenue of the country. Many a luckless individual has thus, unwillingly, helped to lighten the burdens of his country man. These are the main facts upon which- VI r. Bull in this present year, 1852, delights to dwell ; but all he has put forth only goes to prove that his friend Mr. Bull, of Dover, may reasonably advocate the consideration of his grievance upon the promoters of the inland penny postage. Howeeer, some people ap pear to think that the corresponcence of Mr. Bull, of Dover, may be cut short by the mild manoeuvres of a French squadron in the Channel, We shall see 