London Street Folk. DT UiNrxT MATK-W. OF THE BB ATTI AN D, FIRE TJUNTEttS.' 1 have deserlliod tho particular baillie-- of tho running patterer, who ls Known by nnothor nml a very oxproielvo cognomen-as, a. " Death Hunter.!' .This tltlo refer* not only to hie vend* lng ncconnts.of all tho .murders, that, become toplos of public conversation, but to lila hoing a . " murderer " on hin own account, aa in tho snlo: of" cooks" mentioned Incidentally In thia nar« ratlvo. If the truth bo salciblo, a running pafrr torcr, pr*fers'selling Hie truth, for thorn-a» one man told mo-hu can ".go the «ame round com- fortably another, day." If /there bc .no truth» for »¡ile-no »tories of criminal»' live* nnd love» to IIB condensed iroin tho diffiusivo biographie» in tho- newspapers-no " bology " for a great man grttio-no îiropliccy «nd nu crtm. con.-tho dentil hunter iuvents. or rallier announces, them. Un put» some uno to death for tho occasion. I which i» culled " a cock." Tho paper bo «ells I may give tho dreadful detail, or it may he a religious tract. " brought out in -mistake." [ should tho vendor bc questioned on thc subject : or elite the poor fellow puts on a bewildered look : and murmurs. " O, it's shocking to bo done ' this way-but I can't read." Tho patterer» I pass ulong so rapidly that this dutcctiou rarely ; happens. ' Ono'man told me tb.it tn tho Inst eight ar ton j years, be, either singly or with his '. mob,'' bad twice put the Duke of Wellington to death, once by a fall from hin horse, anti thc other time I by a " sudden and inyst-erious " death, without ; any condescension to particulars, lie hud twice performed thu sumo mortal offlco for Louis Phillipe, hefot-o that potontato'x departure from Franco ; each death was hy tho hands of an assassin ; .. uno was »tabbing, and tho other a »hot from a distance." Ho «nco thought of poisoning tho l'opo. but was afraid of the street Irish. Ito broke IVinco Albert's leg, or arm. (hu was not sure which), whou Iiis Royal High noss wa» out with his horners. He never had much to -say about tho 'Queen : " it- wouldn't go down," ho thought, and perhaps nothing bail lately been said. " Stop thoro, air," »aid another patterer, of whom I inquired ns to the'correct- ness of thune statements, (arter my constant custom in sifting each subject thoroughly) " stop, stop. sir. 1 havi lind tu say about tho (¿ueen lately. lu cuuisc, nothing cnn be said against hf-r, mid nothing ought tu ; that'« true enough, hut thu Inst time shu was confined. 1 cried her accouchement (tho word was pro- nounced a? spolt tu u merely lingi Uh reader, ur rather morn broadly) of three! Lord love you, sir, it would have been no uso crying on«, peo- ple's so used to that: but, a Hobby caine up and ho stops me, and said it was somo impudence about tho Queen's coachman I Why look nt it. says I, fat-head -I knew I wa» safe-and see if there's anything in it about thc Queen or her coachman ! And ho looked,and in course thcro was nothing. I forgot just now what tho pape/ wax nbotit." My ttrst-iiicntioneil informant bad apprehended Fergus O'Connor on a nhargo of high treason. Ile assassinated Louis Napoleon, " from a fourth edition of tim Timet," which " did well.'* I lo caused Mnr>hal Ilaynnu to dio of tho assault by the draymen. Ile mado Ku«h liatig himself in prison. Ho killed Jane Wilbrcd. nnd.put Mrs Sloano to death; mid he announced thu discovery that Jauo Wilbrcd was Mr» Sloane's daughter. This informant did not represent that he'ha'd originated these little pieces of intelligence only that he had buen a party to their salo, mid a party to originating, ono or two. Another pat- terer-and of a higher order of genius- told mo that all which was statod was undoubtedly cor- rect. " but mo and my mato?, sir,*' ho said, " did Ilaynnu iii another stylo. A splendid slum, sir! Capital ! Wo assassinated bim-tnyi-to noua. 1 lion nbout Rush. His hanging hisself inprison was a fake. I know; but we've had him lately. His ghost appeared-us is shown in tho Australian pnperg- to liinily Sandford, and threatened her ¡ und took her hy the neck, and thoro's tho red marks of Iiis fingen) to be seen on her nock to this day .". Tho samb informant was so loud in his praise of the .' Ass-sass-sina tion'' of Iliiynau that 1 give tho account. I hnvo littlo doubt it was his own writing. It is confused In passages, and has a hlonding of tho " 1 " iind tho" wo :"- . " We havojust received upon undisputed au- thority, ttiat, that Mirage and unmanly tyrant, that enemy to civil and religious liberty, tho in- human I/ny nan, has at last finished his career of guilt hy tho hand of an ascasstn, tile term assns-' sin I liavo no doubt will greet harshly upon tho, ears of somo of our readers, yet novor thu less 1 nm compelled to uso it although I would gladly any tho average of outraged innocence, winch j would lio a name moro suitahlo 'to ono who lins lieon thc mean» of ridding thu world of-such a ' despicahlo monster.'' [My informant complained bitterly, and not , without reason of tho printer. *. Average,'' 'for instance (which I have iUOicised), should bo " avenger." Tho " average of outraged inno- cence !' ] " lt appears hy tho Columns ol tho Corour lo Constitutional of Brussels," runs tho paper, " that tho evening boturo Inst, Utrea men ono of which is supposed to ho the miscreant llavuau entered n Cafe in tho Neighbourhood uf Brus tels kept hy n man in tho nainoof Prideaux, and after partaking of sumo refreshments which wera ordored by bis two companions they desired'to j bu shown to their chambers, during their stay in I tho public cr Travellers Room, they spoko hut little and seemed to bo very cautious us to join- ing in tho - conversations which waa pissing bristly round tho festive board, which to uso the [ landlord's own word« was rather strange, ns his i Cafo was taostly frequented by a set of jovial lelluwa. M. I'rid iaux goes On to stato that after thc three strangers had retired to rest somo time a tall niid rather noble man-enveloped in a largo -cloak otitercd and asked for ii bod, mid after call- ing fur aomo wino ho took up a paper and ap- peared to bo reading it very attentively, in duo time ho was shown to bcd and nil passed on with- out any appearance oi anything . wrong until about C o'clock in the morning,.when tho land- lord nod his family, were roused by a nolso over head and cries , of murder, and upon going up stairs to ascertain thc cause, ho discovered tho Iierson who was [known] to bo Marshal llaynau ying on his bcd with bis throat cut in a fright- ful manner, and his two companions standing by his bod bewailing his loss. On tho table was dis- covered a, card, on which was written those words ' Monster, I nm tivenged at last. Sus- picion wont upon.tho tall stranger, who was not nuywhoro to bo found, the Gardo arms instantly w'cro on tho alert, and aro now in native puisJ t of him but up to tho timo of our goiug to press .nothing further has transpired." lt is very easy to stignatiso tho death-htintor when-ho seta off all tba attractions'of a real or pratendod mordor-when ho displays ona board, as does the standing patterer," illustrations'' Of ".tho identical pick-axe" of Manning, ortho atablo bf Good,-or when ho invents or-omhol llshos atrocities which excito tho public mind. Ho .docs, however, but follow In tho path of thoso who aro looked up to ns " tho press,"-as thu " fourth estate." Tho condnctors of tho Lady's Ne\otpajier sent nn artist to Paris to gtve'drnwlngs of tho scone of tho murdor by tho Duo do rVaslin - to .' illustrate" tho blood-' stains in tho duchess's bed- chamber. Tho ?Uustrattd London A'eies is prompt in deplet- ing tho locality oi any ..atrocity over which the curious in crime may gloat. Tho Observer, In .costly advertisements, boasts of its twonty co lumns ffometinies with a supplément) of details of somo vulgar and morccnary bloodshed,-tho details hoing-written In a most honest depre- cation of tba morbid and snvngo tastos to which tho writer is pandering. Ot hor weekly papera have engravings-and only concerning murders -of any wretch whom vico has mado notorious. Many weekly papers had expenslvo telegraphic dospatchos of Rush's ^having been hung nt Nor- wich, which oront, happily for tho interest of Sunday Newspapers, took placo in Norwich nt noon on a Saturday, fl may hero remark, that the pnttorers laugh at telegraphs and expresa trains,for rapidity of communication, boasting that tho prose strives in vain to rival taem- as at n " hanging match," for instance'' the pattorcr'haa tho full particulars, dying spceoh, and confession inoludod-if a.. confession bo feasible-ready for his customors tho moment 'the dron falls, and whllo tho -criminal may still lio struggling, at tho very soene of tho hanging. Ata distance ho -solis .'it hoforo 'tho hanging;. " If tho Times wat cross.oxamln.od nhoul lt,". obserrod ono .pattoror, .. ho munt ooufoss ho's ' outdone, though ho's a rloh Times, and wo ls poor followa," But to resumo- J , A pcnny-n-llncr la.reported, and without con tradlotlon, to (»aro made a largo sum by haring hwrrlod to ijeracy in Manning's business, lind by being allowed to accompany tho ofueors when thoy conducted that paltry tool of n vlndlotlvo woman from Jorsoy to Southampton by stohmor, and from.Southampton to London by " special, onglne," as boeeomod tho popularity of so dis- tinguished a .rasent nnd homtoido j iini\, ñoxt morning tho ' 'dally papors, in all tho typo« ' graphical -honors of " leads " and " a good »paco,'' gave details of' this - follow*«-this Man- ning's- conrcrtatioiii looks, and demeanour. ; Untll'the" respectable .*. pre»» became H more healthful public ^ifstructur, wo have no rigbt t» blame tho death-hunter, who ls but an imitator \- a follower-and (bat for a in on I. So sitting hos-this morbid feeling about crimínala become, flint /ni oarl's daughter, who lind " no orûer '' to neo Hud bun, would not leave Ibu placo until »lie lind obtained Oxford'» autograph for her album ! Tho rich vulgar aro but the poor vulgat-with- out au excuso for tho:r vulgarity. " Next to murders, fires aro tidy browns." I was told by a patterer experienced both in *' murders " and " fires." The burning nf tile old Houses of l'arliamont was very popular muong the street-sellers, and fur tho reason which ensures popularity to commercial people ; j it waa .1 smirco of profit, cud was certainly made tho most of. It was tho work of incendiaries of ministers, to get rid of perplexing papers of government officers with troublesome ac- counts to balance-Of a sport) tu? lord furn heavy I wager-of a conspiracy of builders- ar.:! "f a I unsuspected party." Tho oldci' " hands" with whom I conversed on the subject, nil agreed in : stating that they " did well" on the fire. Ono man »aid, " No, sir, it wasn't only tho working people that bought of me, but merchants mid ' their clerks. I s'puse they took the paper* homo with 'cm for their wives ¡iud families, which ie a cheap way of doing, as ¡1 newspaper costB 3d. nt least. But stop, sir-stop ; Ibero wasn't no threepences then-nothing under Gd., if they wasn't moro ; 1 can't just say. but it waa bettor fur us when newspapers was high. I never heard no sorrow expressed-not itt the least. Sumo said it was good joh. mid thoy wished tho ministers wat in it." The burning of the Royal Kxchange waa not quite BO beneficial to tho rtroot-sellers. but waa .. uncommonly tidy." Ibo fire of the Tower, however, waa iilmost ss great a source of profit a* that of tho Houses of Parliament, and Ibo following statement dhows tho profit reaped. My informant had been .1 gentleman's ser- vant, and his last place being with a geiillem.ui iu Russell's-square, who went to the ICast Indies. ¡iud his servant was out of a situation so Iring that ho .. parted with every thing." When, ho was at the height of his distress, ho went*'lu' seo tho fire nt fie Tower, ns ho " had nothing better tu do." lie remained ont somo hours, and beforo bo rea oh od his lodging, men passed bim. crying tho full and true particulars of tho tiro. ":I bought ono," said the man, ' and changed my last shilling. It waa ii suddeu impulse, for j I Baw people buy keenly. 1 never rend it, but I only looked at tho printer's nanto. I went to him ¡it tho Dials, and bought somo, and so I .went into, thc paper trade. I mude (is. ur 7s. somo days, while the Tower lasted : and 3«. and .ls. other days, when the first polish was off. I sold thom mostly nt ld, a piece nt first, lt was good money then. Tho Tower was goud, or middling good, for from 14 to 20 days. Thuro was at least 1O0 mon working nothing but thc Tower. There's no great chance of any moro groat building being burnt ; worse >UCK. People don't caro much about private fires. A mau in this street don't heed so in'uch who's burnt to death in tho next. Hut thc fouudation-stuuu of tho now Royal Kocchnngo-firo-led to that-was protty fair, and portraits- of llnlbort went off, no that it was for two or three days ai good as tho Tower. Fires ÍB our best friouds next to mur- ders, if they're aood fires. Thc hon'cuiiiir of the Coal Exchange was rnther'tidy. 'l'~o Tiefen in tho streets ever since, and don't see how I could possibly get out of ¿hom. At first I lott a great degradation at being driven to thc lifo. I shun- ned grooms and coachmen, as I might he known ?to them. I didn't care fur others. That sort of feeling wears out though. I'm a widower now, and tny family fools; ns I did nt first, that what I'm doing is * low.** They won't assist though they may givu mo a ls. now and then - hut they won't assist me to leave tho streets. They'll ratlier blamo me lúr going in them, though there wa» only that, or robbing, or starv- ing. Tho firo at Hon Ca ont's, whore tho poor children was burnt to hashes, was tho best of tho private hobie fires that I've worked, I think. I made 4s. on it ono day. Ho wu» tho champion once, mid was away at a fight at thc time, and it was n shocking thing, and so people bought." After tho burning of Tork Minster by Jona- than Martin, I was told by nn old hand, tho (street) destruction of tho best known public buildings in the country was tried ; such us Canterbury Cathedral, Dover Castle, tho IJrigh ton Pavilion, lîdinbiirgh Castle, or Holyrood House-nil known to .* travelling " palterers but tho success was not sutfiriently encouraging. It was no use, I was told, firing such places as Hampton Cuurt or Wiadsor Castle, for unless puoplo taw tho reflection of a great fire, they wouldn't buy. 