AMERICA— UNITED STATES. NATIONAL STNOD OP THR UNITED STATES. The Most Rev. Dr. Kenrick, Archbishop of Balti more, and Apostolic Delegate, in a Pastoral issued on the Feast of the Presentation of our Blessed Lady, says—' It becomes ourduty to inform you. brethren that in accordance with the decree of our Holy Father Pius the Ninth, made at the instance of the last Provincial Council of Baltimore, we, as Apostolic, DplpfTfLtP. hv ipHoro r\f »kic «lnt» luga onntrnlrad lt\o Archbishops and Bishops of these United Stales, with others authorised and entitled to intervene, to meet in a National Council, which is to be opened in ; our. metropolitan church, on the fourth Sunday after Easter of the ensuing year. ? , ' The object for which this Council is summoned '9. ^y.w'8e enactments and measures to promote discipline, and enforce the Sacred Canons or to submit such modifications of them as local circumstances may requira, to the mature and enlightened judgement of the Chief Bishop, who is divinely charged with the solicitude of all the Churches. We come together, brethern, not for idle display of ceremonial pomp, but to take, mutual counsel after imploring Divine guidance for we watch, being to give an account of your souls. The power eommittpd to us by our Lord is to be exe'eised for edification, for the buildinp up of the body of Christ, whose members should be closely joined together in religious com munion. His light and grace are necessary far us, not only in order to preserve in its integrity the Faith originally delivered to the Saints, but to govern with wisdom the Churoh which He has purchased with His blood. Our confidence, then, is great, that He will guide and direct us to devUe such measures aa may effectually promote our holy religion and bind together the Faithful throughout these United S-ates in strictest unity with their brethern throughout the world. Unlpss, however' the Lord build the bouse, the builders labour in vain : unleai t'lp Lord watch the city, its sentinels watch in vain. Wpnepd Divin«'aid to build up the house of God,' which is the Church of the living God, and to protect against the assaults of its enemies the holy city,, which has come down from Heaven, beautifully adorned, as a bridp prepared for hpr husband, the new Jerusalem, the tabernacle of God with men; wherein He dwells with them. It behoves us to approach the throne of grace that we may find help in due season. *»*e beseech you, therefore, brethren, that you help us by your prayers for us tr» God.' You know that prayer, in order to be effectual, must proceed from pure hearts, or at least from beans penitent aad bumble. '?With a view to obtain the Divine light, we diiect that the Collect ' dp. SpirituSancto* be add*d in the Mass by the Priests of our diocese hencefoi ward until the close of the Council ; and we exhort all Relicious Communities to recite daily the hymn of the Holy Ghost for tbe same end. We exhort the Faithful generally to say the Litany of the, Blessed Virgin that alie may obtain from her Divine Spouse the fulness of wisdnm for the Bishops whom He has placed to rule the Church of God, '—Tablet. 