MUDGEE. MAY 6.- Having this evening just returned I from a short tour among the diggings in this vicinity, a few hasty lucubrations on the all engrossing subject of gold, may perhaps prove not unacceptable in your columns. From my lengthened silence, in fact, and fearing the crack of your whip ahout my ears for my apparent neglect, I am impelled to act on the defensive, and to propitiate your merited ire, by spinning a yarn that may perchance turn out more te- dious than remunerative. But you, like myself, I amagine are so bustled and bothered in these stirring times, by driving about in all directions, that you have no leisure even to crack the whip against me, and neither might I have time to listen to it. But to begin ut the beginning, on Friday morning early, after having snatched an hour's sleep on the con- clusion of the grand ball and supper given here the preceding evening by the young gents or bachelors of the town and neighbourhood, I made a start for the diggings. But allow me to remark that for my own part I do not ap- prove of the term bachelor, it sounds in my ears so cold and uncomfortable, and truly I am persuaded that from the display we had that evening, of nature's best beau- ties, that after one or two such oc- casions the grating appellation of bachelor will become almost an obsolete term about Mudgee. But previous to starting you must permit me to devote a few words to this grand affair, of which it is probable you have not heard at all, though I had hoped that some one of the so-named bachelors would have had his heart so warmed, that a glowing description might ere this have been forwarded Ito you. My pen I am aware, cannot do justice to the subject, a slight sketch is all that will be attempted, the filling up of the picture must be left for abler hands, and for imagination. On Thursday evening, this day week, imagine yourselves introduced to a handsome room beautifully ornamented with roses and flowers of all descriptions, gaily intertwining with the chandeliers, and hanging in festoons from every corner, as well as borne most appropriately in the fair hands, and on the heaving breasts of the graceful nymphs that glided and flitted, as supported by their gallant partners, through the many circumvolutions that reigned supreme throughout the evening. Mr. Burton's band ably performed their part as musicians, re- lieved occasionally by some of the ladies, who sung, and played upon the piano to admiration. Mr. Nathan, from Sydney, likewise played and sung to the great delight of the company. We were honoured also by the attendance of the Chief Gold Commissioner, Mr. Hardy, and his brethren, Messrs. Green and Zouch, who proved veterans of the right sort on the "light fantastic toe." Elegant refreshments and a supper were set forth in adjoining rooms, and in time duly honoured, and all proceeded and concluded with the greatest hilarity and enjoyment. It is rumoured that one of the principal belles of the evening will shortly be led as a sacrifice to the alter of hymen, on which occasion we are promised a repetition of the treat, so that gold and gaiety are now here the order of the day. Apropos of gold—I was shown that evening a handful of nuggets, some of which were of the size and appearance of a man's thumb, got at Bruce's Creek, within six or eight miles of Mudgee, by one of our J.P.'s who has been turning his attention to gold digging, and very successfully 40 ounces a week I am told and upwards have been got by his small party. I am afraid I shall not be able to make a start for the diggings at all, but suppose I take you at once over the moun- tain road to the Meroo, at Richardson's Point, 16 miles, and up the Long Creek, here you will find that work goes on steadily, and with success. The prospecting and deep sinking that now prevail still disclosing new and rich treasures, 10 to 20 ozs. a day being frequently talked of. Nuggety Gully, a branch of Long Creek, still continues very rich, and is choke- full of eager diggers. Campbell's Creek, the Married Man's Creek, and the Meroo, about Spicer's, are all occupied and becoming famous in history. We cross the head of the Pyramul or Byramul as it is generally pronounced, where we met with a party of diggers who, if not doing great things, are making as they allow very fair wages, and more than this it is hard to ascertain. I supplied them, en passant, I with a load of the material for the staff of life, I which was as acceptable to them, as it was re- munerative to myself. There is little doubt but all this river, as well as the numerous tributary creeks, will yet be wo-ked to ad- vantage ; but Port Philip has now taken the lead to such an an extent that they cannot at present be fully occupied. In this neighbourhood there is room for thousands and tens of thou- sands, and every day the riches of these parts are moro fully developed. We pass on about 20 miles to the Tambaroora Golden Gully, Bald Hills, Stockyard, and Dirt Hole, which all lie within a space or thre or four miles, and wheie great work is, going on. I counted the tents in these parts, and found they numbered about 400, which at three to a tent would make 1200 diggers. A few instances of which I was credibly informed, may give some idea of the success attending their pursuits. At the'Bald Hills I met Mr. Blain, from near Maitland, who .said he had found it at last, and had got {¿¡prospecting 1 oz. l8 dwts. in two tin diahfs|«hd was sure it would continue good for sotnsr,' Jtime. As much as 10 oz. a day and upwards is not unfrequent, and many are doing well from the rjdges, the.diggings of this description being . mote abund int liere than any where1 'I TiaVc seen. AVater is rather scarce at * .nreseiït and many are obliged to load the stuff a considerable distance for washing, but this is likely to be remedied during the winter months. As much as 35 and 75 ounces in one day I* heard of being1 taken in the Golden Gully. A hole had been bought for 75 ounces of gold, and in the first day that amount was taken out of it. Beside Dickson's store, near the Commissioners, a party of three, Gillespie, Kelly, and Johnstone, from AVollombi, in one week, from the ridge at a depth of only 3 or 4 inches, made each £10 worth of Gold, and on Tuesday last from the same place, they turned out a nugget weighing nearly 6 ounce«, which they sold at the store for £18, making during the day about an ounce more. I am persuaded "that almost all the the ridges for miles are of the I same character. All who work with anything like diligence are doing well. Lost evening, previous to my leaving, there happened to foregather as Burns says, in a tent nearly opposite the Commissioners, a number of - cronies I cannot exactly call them, how- ever much they appeared so in the sequel-but Scotchmen, somewhat beyond the number of the de'ils dozen, attracted chiefly by the na- tional music of the bagpipes, played by no lets a man than Bruce himself as the piper, and this company inspired by old associations, as well ns by an occasional friendly wink from then- auld acquaintance, John Barleycorn, pro- ceeded to do honor to their national customs in a manner most joyous and happy, by reviving some of their Scottish reels to the 6tirring notes of the bagpipes, 'as well as rehearsing, perhaps in, sometimes, boisterous accents, a few of the famous songs of their favorite poet Burns, when all, of course, were proud to join in the chorus. AVhilst the glee was r.t its height, and all went msrry as a marriage bell, like Tam O'shanter among the witches, or like Lochiel's ghost, avaunt ! who should appear to stop the mirth but a po se of police, headed by their serjeant, entering, and heroically brand- ishing their naked swords, demanded that the riot should be quelled, and, without either reading the riot act, or showing any warrant or authority for their intrusion and interfer- ence, bravely dispersed the meeting, restored tho Queen's peace, and took two of the ring- leaders into custody, perhaps to be chained to a tree, as is the custom, for the night. Heroic deed and carried without bloodshed ! The simple Scotchmen no doubt imagined them- selves in their own free country, and with a Bruce at their head, and a Bannockburn and a Burns in their memory, thought that for " ae a night in their lives," they might fight their battles o'er again, as was their custom in auld Scotland. But no, it seemed strange. AVhere the fault lay, however, on either side, deponent siyeth not, for he was too glad to get out of it, and by daylight had started off on his way homewards. AVe return to Mudgee by the Louisa. Here, too, the dig- gings have regained new life and spirit. Down i the creek many have been sinking deep in the bed to the rock, and are nobly repaid. One party (Collin's) with whom I had some business, told mo that yesterday, before dinner, they took out of their hole 14 ounces, in which was a nugget 4 J ounces. Ile had just been wash- ing out a trough, and had nearly 2 ounces in his pint pot ; and Mr. Harpur, from Maitland, who was close to Dickson's store, tild me he had got a good claim, and was doing well. Ho pointed to about 6 cubic yards of stuff that he had got ready for washing, and said that he expected 50 ounces from it. The creek here is all being turned up, and expectations are high. Mr. Stephen's compiny, who have here got a claim of half a square mile, have given permis- sion to any one to dig, by giving him one-fourth of the gold, and it is all getting occupied. One party then showed me a nugget they had gît a day or two ago, weighing upwards of 20 ounces, for which they asked £80, it was beautifully I intermixed with quartz. I had some difficulty in starting, but when once in motion, I am re- minded of Mynheer with the cork leg, and have almost an equal difficulty in stopping, but stop I must, else I shall be too late for tho post ; so without more ado, like the captains of the steamers, I shall give orders to "stop her." 