\- -- -y POSITION OF THE POLICE. THE united, distinct, and emphatic utter- ance of popular opinion ought to receive prompt and respectful attention from the constituted authorities. In every matter of policy it is the duty of the Executive department of the Government to yieid ready deference to the will of the people ; and when the representatives of the people are not assembled to furnish an authoritative exposition of that will, a wise Government will listen to other expressions of it, equally accurate though not so formal. To sup- pose the contrary is impossible, without forgetting entirely the true relations of peo- ple and Government, and inverting: their respective positions. Rulers are not ap- pointed to their honourable but responsible posts for their own pleasure or emolument, but for the good of the community; and it is not in general expected that they can form a juster idea of what will promote that good than the well-informed among the people themselves, it may be safely as- sumed, as a general rule, that the Press is an authentic expositor of public opinion ; and if the Press of a community, represent- ing all parties and shades of sentiment, should unite in indicating a linc of policy, or demanding any special course of action, that policy and action are probably the best that under the circumstances can be adopted. And if, in the absence of any other mode of ascertaining the popular conviction, a Government should refuse to listen to the dicta of the Pres6, it is difficult to evade the conclusion that that Government is marvel- lously ignorant of its true position, or shamefully negligent of its most obvious duties. This, however, is just the position of our Government at this moment, in reference to the publicly ard unanimously expressed opinion of all classes on the present condi tion or the roiice «orce. iney pay no attention to remonstrances, and offer no ex- planation of their inaction. They persevere in a course destructive of the efficiency of the Police, and rapidly reducing our once magnificent Force to the ghost ot its former self. And when an occasion of fairly meeting the difficulty, restoring confidence and hearty good will, and preserving what good remained, is oifered, that occasion is seized to strike a last and fatal blow at the very existence of the corps. Our readers are aware that the Escort ; had orders to start in the early part of las¿ ? wee^. The men, however, who had had some j experience of the duty, represented that ¡ their pay was inadequate to cover the1 expenses of the journey, and refused to volunteer again, unless a more equitable remuneration was granted. On Thursday last they were mustered in the presence of the Colonial Secretary, and individually asked would they volunteer for the Eseort. Their reply was unanimous ; and as each man gave his negative he was dismissed from the Force, and ordered to quit the Barracks. Twenty-two men, the flower of; the Force, including Sorgeant Major Lamb, Sergeant Brooks, and others, who had served faithfully and without shadow of blame, some of them for 12 or 13 years, were thus summarily discharged. The men afterwards held a meeting for consul- tation as to the proper steps to be taken, and it was determined to memorialise the Lieutenant Governor on the subject. A memorial was accordingly drawn up, and, I we believe, presented on Saturday. Here the matter rests for the present, as far as the dismissed are concerned ; but the i Commissioner of Police is swearing in fresh men, with the intention of forwarding the Escort to-morrew. We are informed that he has not yet reached one half of his required number ; and, if what we hear be true, some of the new hands are of a sorry sort. I It remains with his Excellency to take such measures as his wisdom may devise to prevent the utter disorganisation of the Force. If at this er¡6is he acts boldly and promptly, he will add to his reputation for administra- tive science the renown of practical ability. i It is not yet too late to retrieve the false step ; and in doing justice to the men, he ; will do service to the people, and honour to himself. The Legislative Council on its meeting will make the requisite money votes to reimburse all extraordinary ex I penses. Of that there can be no doubt. But if nothing be done DOIT, before the assembling of Council the state of affair» will have become incalculably worse ; and 1 it will devolve upon honorable members <"" take upon themselves t he duty of examining the entire subject, preparatory to making such representations as may lead to thorough and satisfactory change. The duty may not be a pleasant one to them, as it will involve' an inter- ference with the functions of the Executive. j We opine, however, that certain other par I ties may Sod it more unpleasant still 