THE VOICE OF THE UNIVERSAL CHURCH ON EDUCATION. - (From tie Tablet.) There are some unknown Prelates whom the Ministerial- journals continually insult with their .eulogies, and of whom it is pretended by those vera cious organs of public dishonesty that their Lord ships favour the principle of mixed education. Upon such evidence any rational and humane individual would be ashamed to imprison a cat ; and we cannot, uicicmic, uc c-pri;i,cu oil uu ueii.gr lesllQlOny f.0 believe with regard to Bishops so important a pro position as that their private sentiments are at variance with,their public and official acts, no less than with the unanimous consent of the whole Ghurcb of God. ' '. ? r We use this last expression advisedly,' because, whatever the Bacchic fury of an evening contemporary may say to tbe contrary, thi3 is no question of Cis'a]pinism, or Gallicanism, or other extinct theories of Ecclesiastical government, but of the whole Church ?of God on one side, and whoever chooses to be opposed to the Church of God on the other. There is literally no- middle course. If Gallicanism— false in itaelf, and ioug since repudiated by general consent —were a true doctrine, it would not be the less true that the entire Church is united on this* one question which the newspapers debate. The partisans of the(Government, of course, think very little of the Pops. Their g&me; is to insult him, discredit him, trample him under foot, and blast his authority if they cannot get it under their own con trol. Indeed, this last is what they mean by Galli canism ultramontanism in Ireland is the Pope speak ing his own sentiments in accordance with the Church's traditions. Universal in point both of time and place. This, of course, they disapprove. But Gallicanism, that is, the Pope appealed to with much 'seeming- respect by Lord Clarendon, agreeing to be cajoled or coerced by that Minister of small cunning/ speaking the sentiments of the Castle, and placing himself as a puppet in the hando of tbe foulest ene mies of the Church— this theory of Church govern ment is what our ministerial contemporaries devoutly approve. The real, bona tide, independent judgment of his Holiness on any question affecting the silva toin of souls is not valued by them, but the contrary; The keys of their heaven arehfilrl nnt. hvfun tt ? ' 'c Christ, but by a mere earthly minister, whn indeed may be a Catholic if it so happens, or a Protestant' or a Hindoo, or a Mahometan, or Diabolic fas in Ceylon)— but who, whatever his qualification-, in the triumpery matters of religitfh, must, at all events be rich, or have a command over riches; must h-ve secret service money at his command; must have places and offices at his disposal ; be able when he gives absolution to pay down in haid cash to the .worshipper, the price of his reconciliation with the God whom he atlores. The keys of iheir heoven are not symbolic, but are of the best patent construction and fit very exactly the wards of the lock with which the ministerial strong bos is secured. Practising such a' worship, what the Pope really wishas, and must wish, upon these questions bet-veen Church and State, is exactly what the people of whom we are speaking must .-hate and abhor. It is not therefore, with the smallest notion of influencing their opinions that we commence our enumerations by repeating the notorious fact that the Pope— not merely tbe successofof the Apostles, 'but as our old law-books styled him in Catholic Mmi-s, c-' the Apostle' — the successor of S-. Peter in Apostolic authorit ies pronounced repeatedly, ?nd with the gravest .deliberation, against the mixed education of the God' less Coll ges. Then we have all the Cardinals of the Sacfed Con giegation, consulted by ths Supreme Pontiff, and unanimously advising, and confirming this decision— ; the Bishops who, from the wide extent of their obser* vation, their experience in this kind of affairs, and their Holiness of life— apart altogether from, and in addition to, their position as Papal Counsellors— may be romidered entiiled to speak with some degree of Hiunomy. aii tiiese are, and have been, for a long time and repeatedly unanimous on the subject. And upon what evidence did these illustrious per sonages found their decision P We shall dwell upon the fact repeatedly urged, that they had before them whatever each single Bishop in Ireland had to urge .in_ person or by deputy, in favour of the Colleges. We prefer to state— what is an unquestionable fact ? . that; aftar mature deliberation and repeated recon siderations, wben the case may be fairly said to have been ^trembling in the balance, cr, at least, to be wailing for some decisive instance to incline the balance finally and for ever to one side— what pre sented itself P A memorial from the Hungarian Bishops unanimously representing- to the Hoiy See the danger incurred in Hungary by Catholic pupils .to their Faith and morals, by the mixture in places of education of Catholic and Protestant children, even under Catholic teachers, and in schools professedly Catholic. We have good authority for stating that this salient and striking fact was the last fpatljfer that broke the back of' the unclean camel which the Go vernment were labouring to drive through ? the needle's eye into the domain of the Church. Here, therefore, we have the suntimenta of the Hungarian Bishops. ' \ , * Of the Austrian Bishops generally we shall onlv say that the claim which they made from the Aus trian Government, and which was formally conceded to them on the J3ih of April, 1850, is expressed in these words : — c- The seminaries for schoolmasters' — National Model Schools to wit— « should be brought into a close connection with the Church, ? and be considered as Diocesan Establishments, and be directed and auperintended 'by the Bishop in unison with the go vernment authorities. The Catholic popular school cannot be expected to flourish unless the schoolmaster, in his position, unite also with commensurate acquire ments truly Christian sentiments. ? The Bishops cannot permit that a man should be emprbjed as a teacher of the Catholic youth if his Faith, and moral ity be not Bpotles, and hence this must claim a decisive influence over the appointments of school masters,' '—(Correspondence respecting the re lations existing- between ForHgn Governments and the Court of Rome, 18th February, 1851) That in Spain, or Portugal, or Italy trre Bishops are in favour of mixed education would bo too gross an absurdity and falsenootl even far a \J(hig Minister alist to vedttire upon. In France we hare Remonstrated in another column that the unanimous verdict of all pai ties. ks the Episcopate is to destroy mixed education as fun damentally dangnrous. '' In America, all the world is awgre that the opi nions 01 me i\rcnoisnop or ssew York, and of every other Biahop whose sentiments are known, or have been made known in this country, are, to t1he last degree, hostile to mixed educations And now it comes to our. turn to direct the atten tion of our readers to the unanimous judgment of the Belgian EpiseopaCy on this momentous question. ?We published last week a translation of a letter' by 'the Cardinal Archbishop of Malines, in which hia Eminence states his reasons and those of his Epis codal brethren lor refusing all co- operation — ev«n to the saying of a Mass — with schools tainted, however little, with this ' mixed' disease. Thia week we print a longer and more decisive document from the Venerable Bishops of L'≥, who for nearly a score of years has held up against all opponents the true principles of Catholic education. In the former of these documents the Cardinal Archbishop does not discuss the question of 0iixe-J education, but assumes the condemnation of thai evil system as a thing granted by all reasonable minds. He says that ' after the explanations of the Minister the new Colleges are constitutionally and legally mixed establishments, and, therefore, they cannot be Catholic ;' therefore, ' the Clergy cannot give their approbation ;' therefore, ' the Clergy are,forced to protest ;' therefore, ' the Bishops cannot countenance them even to the extent of contributing to their in stallation by a mass of the Holy Ghost.' The Cardinal Archbishop, however — and this should be said in justice to all parties— is a mere Ultramontane, He positively respects the Pope. He describes his Holiness as being ' him who is the appointed guardian of the religious ami moral, interests of Catholic nations, ' and whose judgment in questions of religious instruction and education, is law for all the members of the Church.' ' This alone would be decisive of the question that is now controverted in Ireland. But the letter of Tablet of the present week, is still fuller 'and more comprehensive in its explanations-— more decisive it cannot be. We have carefully examined this letter in order to select from itJsome passages stronger than 'others in condemnation of mixed education, but we find that it would be impossible to take away ' any paragraph without injury, and we, therefore, request our readers to give a diligent perusal to the whole document. . , If they do so they will find that in this- as in al most' all, Belgian discussions about eclncatioa -the Irish Rescripts are taken to be decisive against ' mixed education.' Every Continental Bishop, having studied the Rescripts, believes that ' tlm Holy See has condemned mixed Colleges in Ireland :' — ao says the Bishop of Li^ge. \- Pie does nofobjeet to the Prctestants having Col leges of their own; nor to the Jewa having Jewish Colleges ; nor we suppose, to the Infidels having In fidel Colleges, ' Let them establish Colleges for the ' Dissentients — we say nothing about that- but for us to take a part in m xed establishments -that wo never do : ' roais concourir nons-memes a ties esta blisseiaents mixtes ; cela jamais.' ' ? , Both the letters from which we have quoted refer to (i correspondence between the Bishops and the Belgian Government, which was published, in the Belgian journals last July. A copy of the supple ments to the''* Journal des Bruxelfes' of the 12th J.uiy now lies uerore us, anu in 11 we nave tne corres pondence entire. Th'ere we learn the points on which the 'Church and the State were enabled lo come to an agreement, and they are reducible mainly to three : (1.) The Bishops demanded that tbe Government should not teach different religions' in the same estab lishment, .when the number of Jews or Protestants reached a certain number ; that the Jew3 or Protes tants should have Colleges of, their own ; and that m Colleges in which the. Catholics were the majority the teaching should bo entirely by Catholics. The Minister, ,M. Rogier, replied that the case supposed could hardly arise ; that the number of Dis senters was so few that they could hardly be ex pected to reach in any school the required amount ; and that the Governinnt could not pledge itself as to the mode of treating a purely hypothetical difficulty, i The reply ^f the Cardinal Archbishop is to the effect that the case has actually arisen : that one of the primary schools in Brussels is attended by rnwe than twenty-five non-Catholic scholars, and that, therefore, the question of mixfd 'education does actually arise in and for that one school, and in a subsequent letter hia Eminence remarks that 'be has since b:en assured the Athenaeum of Brussels is attended by many non- Catholic student?.' Three two are all. The mixed education ; the clashing questions of history a-nd philosophy ; the double re ligious instruction — all this is, discovered to be a danger applicable to no more than, two Belgian, schools— and the entire Belgian Episcopacy, with the ^mtrnhalinn rif Mnmn firntact fhnf thav will Imvo nothing to do with mixed education even to. that in significant and practical extent. (2.) The second point at issue was, that the Bishops demanded some security against the appointment of improper professors — like M. de Vericour ; and the use of improper books— like those of Mr. Superin tendent Whately. The reply of the Minister was, that bad professors and bad. books could be prolesisd against by the Bishops after the fact ; that the Go vernment could give them no voice in the nomination of professois or the choice of books; and, in effect, that that matter must be left just as it is left in Ire land, altogether in the hands of the Government. (3) The thirtl point concerned the instruction of c-xtern pupils, and, said the Cardinal, it seems that this matter might have been easily arranged between tbenii, ' . Thero were two other matters of minor importance in practice, but ' it is upon these three,' said the Cardinal, ' that I have specially insisted ;' and of ' these three tlfc third is easy of adjustment. So that, in fact, the Belgian Episconacy broke off with their Government upon two main-points — * First, the actual existence of mixed education in only two Schools throughout the whole of Belgium, and its possible existence in others at some indefinite period hereafter. Secondly, the Government retaining in its bands the power of appointing professors and teachers, and thejehoice of books, in the schools and colleges. Such is the horror entertained in Belgium for mixed education that on these two grounds alone the Bishops, . without a dissentient voice, have reaoi vsd to refuse all co-operation with the Government in the Statfi%establishments. We have now carried our readers over a consider able part of the Christian world, and have not yet found a Church or a Bishop out of Ireland, in which, or by whom, the bare notion of mixed education' is not regarded .with horror. 