©nmal As . the People's Advocate, our columns will be open to all parties, but we ' by no means Identify ourselves with the opinions of our correspondents. STATE EDUCATION FOR THE CHILDREN IN THE BUSH. SBCofb Series. No. 11. "He is the freeman whom the truth makes free, And all are slaves beside 'tis literature, , Religion, and liberty which gives the flame Of fleeting .life its lustre and perfume : — And we are only weeds without them." To the Editor of the People's Advocate. StB, — The power of a knowledge of letters, as they are exhibited in the use of ancient and modern language, especially when combined with true religion, to suppbrt and sustain the mind, even under the most trying circumstances, is an argument to which I will only refer, and not use ; for it is too obvious and self-evident to be fol lowed out in these papers, and requires only to be mentioned that its use iand power may be admitted ! What clothes are to the body, that is literature to the. mind, or rather it may be compared, as it generally is, to food ; the production of letters feed the mind, just as those of nature feed the body. What olotbes, food, and shelter are to the body, literature, science and religion are to the mind, the image of God in man ! ' " Give what thou wilt, without these we are poor, And with tbeso riches take what thou wilt away." ' Latin, Greek, and even Hebrew, contain far more than studies for the onrious. In these languages are contained the records of a vast number of facts — facts whioh constitute the annals of the mpst distinguished branches of the great human femily;. There are contained the history of the most polished, ancient, and won derful nations that ever inhabited our earth. In these we have the the aocount of institutions and governments which at one time ' embraced and moulded the world, and which still exert a positive and a perceptible influence on our own times and nation. There we learn that human nature has in all age« been made up of the same elements ; that everywhere it has been capable of the great, the noble,' and the heroic, as well as the mean, the low, and the , base, and (that each of these has been fully displayed. Among the men And women who aotually lived and spoke these languages, we find forms of greatness 1 which embellish the ancient periods to whioh ;bey belong, and which are still worthy of our study and remembrance. In these ancient and noble languages we find the true elements of poetry, in the objects of nature, the real emotions af the heart, and 'the inoidents of existence ; these, we learn, were the very same then that they are now. There we learn that i the genius of gifted men, subjected the mind, and was not bnly real, intense, and aotive, but was the first in the field fitted for its exercise, and we see it sweep over the whole field, in all its extent, with the force and freshness of a messenger from Heaven. " But," to use the words of Binny, " the most striking characteristics of the classio writers— that which is the secret, I believe, 01 taeir permanent power — the Influence of which is un questionable and great, in stimularing and aiding intellectual effort, is the astonishing elaboration with which they planned anil per fected their productions. With all their genius, every one of them s studied composition as an art. They laboriously endeavoured to embody their thoughts in the best possible outward form. The manner in whioh they equipped and dismissed them, waB an object of. ambition, as well as the character of the thovghts themselves. Language is the body, style the dress, and> the decoration of ideas ; the one is necessary to give them utterance, and the other that utteranoe may be with power. The ancients were masters in this matter; they made it au objeot ; they spent hours on phrases and sentonocB. Orators and Poets, Philosophers and Historians, were alike 'here. Toe result is that they have left, the world specimens of the different kinds of writing, which astonish or charm by what they discover of the capabilities of language for the expression of human thonght and emotion. In their hands, words embody and render visible, not only the substance' oil the idea intended to be oonveyed, but whatever it possessed in the mind of the writer, of strength or graoe, massiveneBs or beauty, power or splendour. In one thonght is condensed, the fewest possible terms issued to enshrine and convey it— another, again, delights in copiousness — in vigorous diffusion' and elegant redundancy One has passages which sound like thunder — individual words, that come flashing and flaming forth, like — Thoughts that breathe, and words that burn as if juBt struck from a > heart on fire ; while another is fonnd breathing over his pages the very soul of beauty, making every line more like musio, producing often a mixture of emotion, and filling the mind, at the same moment, with tranquil delight and the most tremulous rapture. -The best thoughts of their very best minds beiDg thus pre served in the very best possible manner, gives to the dead Hebrews Greeks, and Romans, at this moment, a living power, real, deep, wide, and indestructible. Science may exist, and art may be exer cised without books. Knowledge may be possessed by one mind, and imparted to another by uttered speeoh, or by methods with whiph which we have at present no acquaintance. The highest and most perfect state in which we can conceive men to exist— . that of glorified spirits— beautified immortals— is one in which wc of course, suppose the existence of science without literature. This state of being may do for that happy state of existence; bat in a world like ouYs, where people die, and nations disappear alto gether, it is by literature, and by that alone, that men can extend or perpetuate their influence, reaching the mass of an existing generation, or stretching backward to times whioh have been, or , forward to those whioh have yet to be. Without books, the most wonderful people would pass away witb hardly a rememberanoe, with scaroely a trace ; the world would be deprived of so muoh of its own history as their annals would inelnde, and lose the benefit of whatever tbey had done, discovered or thought. The ancient Etrurians, we have reason to believe, were a highly improved and remflrkable people. To them the Romans were indebted fer arts and knowledge, and muoh tjiat contributed to their growth and greatness. Bat they had no literature, or next to none, or none . that was worthy of permanent preservation." No author or name that survived rose among them. The oonse- quenoe is, that we comparatively know nothing about them, and therefore they ©an affect us directly in nothing— But the Greeks and Romans being laborious book makers, and snob books I Books whioh were only preceded and excelled by that inestimable and most noble oongeries which were penned by Moses and the Pro phets— "the holy men of God who wrote as they were moved by the Holy Ghost," These, the inspired and uninspired classics have perpetuated at once their own existence and influence from their own intrinsic merit, tiey have made themselves familiar to oivilized men df all nations, and tbey will for ever exist, as a real living and \ regal power in the minds of men. That mind which has won for itself its proper station in the affairs of the busy world ; which has 'given laws to nature, and whioh is now exorting' supreme dominion of tbe great heart of civilized man ; of every free and enlightened community on the face of the globe ! infidels may scoff ; tyrants and despots stamp, and frown ; and infidelity may spit, splatter, spume, and spew out its venom ; yet, in spite of whatever they may say to the contrary, the Bible, the most classic book in the world, and classical literature will be studied, to the end of time. They are now, and they will increas- ingly continue to be so, until the poorest child in the land of our adoption has become as learned as some of these coxcombs in the sacred profession pretend to be,. A true and a sound democracy will allow no monopolies — it will pamper no privileged class, it will not consent to proscribe and cut off, any portion of their fellow-men, from all acqaintance and connection with these early developements of their own species ! It is now a fact, well known, and admitted by all men, too, that in our own times, the greatest minds, and the most original men as thinkers and doers too, in all departments of the world— in science and religion, have not only sprung generally from the common people, but have been such as have been trained and equipped by this very discipline. What is good for one, in regard to general education, must be so for all, therefore let all the children in our young empire, have a biblical and a classical education, if possible! In almost all books, and sometimes even in our newspapers, there are tacit allusions to elassio authors, or occasional direct quotations from them ; so that some acquaintance with the language and sontimpnts becomes necessary to the full enjoyment even of general reading. To be able to appreciate such quotations, to perceive their meaning, force, and appropriateness, is a source, often, of great interest, and enjoyed in addition to whatever else the book or article may oontain. The pleasure thus produced may be easily understood by those who lose it, by their referring to the emotions to which they themselves are consoious, when quotations from the Soriptures, " the classics of the multitude," are made either in a book, "a paper, or a speech, eisher for illustration or embellishment : these emotions are the source of real pleasure, especially when the quotation is not a common one, or if it has been applied in a manner new and striking. The effect is sometimes electric. Perfectly so ! And this is is also the case when quotations are appropriately made from our mother tongue, plain briad Scotch. I remember an instance in point, at a public debate on slavery, before the abolition of that nefarious trade, between the famous George Thompson, M.P., now for the Tower Hamlets, and Mr. Bathwick, M.P., for Tavistock, an old fellow-student of mine, and who was, I am sorry to say it, the able advocate of that infamous system. These debates were conducted in the chapel of the Rev. Dr. Wardlaw, and were continued every night for a week each speaker was allowed to speak six times, but not more than 1 5 minutes at one time, and at each sederunt there were not less than 5000 persons all interested on one side or the other, hanging on the frequent bursts of eloquence which fell from the speakers. But that which had the most powerful effect, and drew forth such loud and long plaudits, as nearly endangered the building, was a climax, which Thompson dexterously placed on the top of a peroration, and which he took from the favorite poet Burns : i. e.— Is there for honest poverty, Wha hangs his head and a that ? The coward slave we pass him by. And dare be poor for a that. For a' that, and a' that, Our toils obscure and a' that ; The rank is but the guinea stamp, The man's, the gowd for a' that. The andience was completely overpowered with the familiar but unexpected application of the quotation, every man, and woman, too, was electrified, and simultaneously rose to their feet to give a burst of applause, but before tbey retired, they sat down as if by one accord, and united they sung the other four stanzas of the song. But another, and a most powerful argument for the acquisition .. of a knowledge of Latin and Greek, is to be found in the fact, that almost all tbe terms of science and art are formed from the Greek and Latin originals : while 'many words incorporated with our own language, and now forming an essential part of it, are derived immediately from tbe same sonroe; he, therefore, who understands something of the sources from whence these terms and words have descended, will be best prepared at once to comprehend, appreciate, and employ them. Again, labour really bestowed on the in vestigation of the exact force and signification of a tyord, is labour, in reality, directed to thought ! This labour not only teaohes us how to think, but how others have thought .before lis ! Hence a very great deal of real and substantial knowledge may be obtained, and is actually contained, both in the classics of the multitude, and in scientifio terms, by a careful study of mere words, single terms ! It may be a word compounded of two or three others, or a portion of others, which must be separated into its elements, so that the force if each may be considered in its original isolated, and now the higher or lower tinge — shade of meaning, which it has acquired in itS' Combined form. This is a dflliphtfnl nxnrfMSa anil mter foilq to captivate the healthy mind of youth. They are pleased to ferret words to their real derivation— their original isolation, and then to examine them in their united capacity, and to weigh well the mode and degree in which they are mutually affected by contact. They are much pleased to follow and ferret ;them out throughout numerous authors and distant periods. To detect variations in their use and application, in the line and value of words, as they drop from'different pens; and as they sink and disappear for some time from the stream of literature, that they may again rise and oome forth endowed with new powers, or, it may be, speaking in other intonations. In this exercise, when the young of both sexes are heartily engaged, there is notonly found the most exquisite pleasure and intense interest, along with the most innocent and healthy developement of tbe faculties ; but there is actually most vividly represented, va continuous and a connected history of. the hnman mind, in which its modes of thinking at different periods are presented, sb they occurred in real life, and the change which the substance of its oonceptions underwent, the manner, in whioh age after age uttered what was in it, how it improved and its pre decessors fell short or failed entirely to comprehend their own circumstances. Our community cannot be really enlightened, until it is put in the power of all to rise above a certain level in the matter of education. The children in the bush must not only be pat in possession of elementary instruction ; but tbey must have It in their power to advance beyond this-, and to go on to the higher walks of literature and science. Provision must be made for the highest as well as the humblest departments of mental culture, or nothing that is either great or good will be produced. It requires this to make a nation ; but no such provision has yet been attempted by our embryo statesmen, in their united capacity, and the man who has attempted to do so in his individual capacity, and that is the Rev. Dr. Lang, has all bnt been downed. Something has been done by individual liberality, bnt the support of the public has been wanting, or rather so misdirected ,as to be seen in an antagonistic position. This, no donbt, has been brought about from design, and to keep us still dependent upon tbe deleterious and corrupting patronage of the mother country. Let the people now speak out, however, and demand the cheap boarding sobeme .to be established in the bush, where the children may not only be trained to habits of industry, but taught all the branches of liter ature from the simplest element upwards to the ancient elasBics. This is the case in all the parochial schools in Scotland — and why should it not beoome so in the district schools of Australia? It is the bounden duty of the legisla'ure, to make some effort, to provide the means of obtaining not only a high, but tbe highest possible education for the children in the bush : and it ought to be urged to do so without delay. It has been lavish of tbe public money in very many question&bie; instances where the policy has been very doubtful, and the expediency most obscure. The old American colonies could boast of their colleges and their universities — they had these high seats of learning, in which the pilgrim fathers had their sons educated, in which the great body of tbe people were taught, and in which the great men of the revolution imbibed those lessons of patriotism and wisdom, which enabled tbem to struggle gloriously and triumphantly, through a long and a bloody contest, in vvbich tney found themselves involved, with the moBC powei lul nation in tbe world. Still they stood against a most war like people and prevailed. The people of this colony must look to this most important, matter in time, and urge their representatives , to provide the needful instruction, unless they would have pur colonial youth to grow up, not like tbe educated youth of Great Britain — full of high, free, generous, and noble impulses— inspired with respect for the achievements of their ancestors, and burning to emulate or surpass tbem — but an iguorant, purse-proud, grovel ling, despicable, selfish, money-seeking horde, fit only to become the most mean- spirited of sycophant slaves, the real helots of Botany Bay ! Dr. Channing of America, said—" No language can express tbe cruelty or folly of that economy, which, to leave a fortune tp a child, starves its intellect and impoverishes its heart." But bad that great and distinguished writer ever resided in this colony, he would have seen such folly and cruelty prevailing to the widest ex tent : for in no country of the world, taking into consideration the average wealth and resources of the people, is so little attention paid, or so little anxiety shewn by parents for the education of their children, and there is no solicitude evinced, at ail, for the higher and the classical branches. In accumulating money, in breeding vast flocks and herds, in claiming extensive tracts of land and in assuming aristocratic airs of exclusiveness and pride, we have not been deficient ; we have most assidioufily cultivated dhe aristocracy of wealth, but neglected that of worth and talent ; we have made the most of the material prosperity whioh providence has placed at our disposal ; but we have neglected the mind which he has placed within ourselves. Tbe accumulation of gold and brute matter has been everything with us ; but the cultivation of the intellect has been absolutely nothing. " Cities have sprung up as it were by magic, in the midst of the desert— the deep solitudes of this great continental island, but yesterday untrodden save by the savage, have been made to resound with tbe sheep bells of a thousand flocks. The wilderness has beoome instinct with life and animation. The labourer's toil, and even the elegances of a high civilization have broken the silence of ages," and the march of human progress will now proceed with more enterprise than ever. But it is the progress of matter, and not of mind : for in the higher and nobler pursuit after knowledge— that which alone en- titles a people to be called great— tbe culture and improvement of tbe mind — we are worse than stationary — we are retrograding : With some few honorable exceptions, even the wealthy men of this colony are content to have their own children taught little more than reading and writing, and they expeot that at tbe age of fifteen the business of education should be finished. With what astonishment will these self-complacent gentlemen now regard the proposition, to give a classical education to all the children in tbe bush, who choose to accept of it, and to pay a moderate sum, and support themselves during its acquisition by their own or their parents industry ? Bnt God is no respecter of persons, and neither shoiild the State be. Tbe mind of the high and the low, the affluent and the indigent, has equally the image of Himself, and, as sueb, are destined to live throughont the ceaseless ages of eternity : why, then, should tbey not all be ' well informed, that they might " shine as' the stars for ever ?" Besides, Scotland, one of the poorest . countries in the world, has always produced the greatest number of learned men. So it is witb families, indivi dually, in England. There the learned and ingenious have sprung from the middling and industrious classes — as in the case of Sir Robert Peel. This iB also the oase in America. Men sprung from . the religious and middling classes of industrious people, who are- now governing the world. We live in eventful times, coming events are throwing their shadows before, and we should have our children educated and trained for the marvellous occurrences which are about to supervene. Tbe finger of God is already manifest in the discovery of an extensive gold field in our land." The imme diate effect of this has been to make tbe big, in their own estima tion, little, and the little big. While men were intent on class legislation, the aggrandizement of their own dear selves, and tbe degradation of their fellows : will it be believed, that while they were intent on the worship of Mammon, the God of this world, and neglected alike the mind of their own and their neighbour's children, and thj mind of the great spirit which moveB and directs all things ; that " He who sitteth in the heavens shall langh He, whose kingdom ruleth over all, and is above all might and power, both human and diabolical, " shall langh !" He has laughed and utterly beat down their pride, assuaged their malice, and con- - founded their devices 1 He b&b;, and " shall still speak to them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore dipleasnre." Let all then join heads, heartB, and hands to advance the education of the people. The cause of humanity, of morality, and of religion equally urge us on. Here the national charaoter has to be formed — here tbe youth' have to be taught, " not by example but by precept," and the word of God. Here has to be implanted, deep in the human mind, " that enlightened love of liberty which grows with the growth, and strengthens with the strength of a liberal education — here must tbey learn-from tbe classio page of antiquity — from the history of distant and more advanced communities, the mode of carrying on the business of government — of living with elegance— of passing through life' with credit — of carving" out a way to distinction — of transmitting their names with accumulated honours to posterity. Here our children have no highly polished society, literary or otherwise, to make up for the deficiencies of early instructions— to give them, by constant intercourse, a respect for all that is high and , honourable either in a national, a social; or a religious point of view. They have no time honoured institutions to warm tbem with the recollections of their benefits and their fame — no great privileges which from early infancy they have been taught to cherish and respect — no part in the great drama of life to which they can reasonable aspire — each apd all of- these advantages, and; a thousand others, which the youth of tbe parent conntry possesses, must here be supplied by education. Hence the necessity of early inaugurating, the cheap scheme of boarding, and educating children in schools of industry, and science which should be forth with established in the bush. But the parents of this country, for the most part, ignorant of these momentous truths, have been content, hitherto, by their neglect, to allow the advancement of their children, and the destiny of thecommuuity of whioh tbey are the guardians, to be blighted in the bud. Hence it that we must look for years to come, may they be few, to other aids than those afforded by the native born, for the improvement of the. government, of public morals, of religions sentiment, and for the real progress and advancement of a people as a whdle. Hence it is, until we have abundance of high schools of our own, that we must he content to see a'l the highest offices in the administration of our young state, held by gentlemen not educated here, who are in reailty the scum, and off acourings of the English Aristocracy — the pampered pimps, and hangers on of the corrupt patronage of Downiug-street ; until we have this effective education, even our legislature will oontiaue to be filled, either by persons from the mother country, or incapable3 from amongst ourselves — real de'il'a dozens! So sure as cause follows effect, this will continue to be the oase, until the people take the reigns into their own hands and provide a suitable education for their children; until they become acquainted with the vast importance of training up their sons to some worthier destiny, than the pursuit of wool and tallow, or even of picking up lumps of solid gold, things will continue as they are, but our children must be taught to place less value upon these allurements, thau upon the oommunion of the intellect, the wisdom, the eloquence, the splendour of that glorious literature of'whioh they, equally with their fellow subjects, from the rising even to the setting sun are the inheritors. The laws of England and America, and their glorious literature, are the most valuable inheritance of the Sixon race, and are sufficient to raise them, both by precept and example, if properly applied, however low, and to whatever depth of degradation they may have been sunk by misrule. Let our ohildren then be aducated, ffthat they may enjoy their inheritance ! Their own birth-right ! 32 20' S. INDEX. 