' THE BIBLE AND PROTESTANT CALUMNIES. " I submit my writings to the judgment of the Church"—CORNEILLE, quoted (with approbation) by VOLTAIRE. To the Editor of the Guardian. SIR,—Our Christian community has, one and all. -been startled at an unblushing falsehood, recently attempted by some Protestant divines to be played off for truth, upon the more unthinking confiding portion or their respective denominations. At the late Bible Society Meeting held in this city, these Protestant orators averred that the Catholic Church was ever inveterately inimical to the free cnrculation amongst the Catholic laity of the Holy Scriptures ^'A''Catholic clergyman, in the face of vituperation and calumny, honorably stood for nerd as a hold and zealous witness for truth and justice. He satisfactorily rebelled the groundless calumny, and liy a seasonable reference to a local fad, chased to the more befitting abodes of darkness the haggard falsehood. This Catholic clergyman proved to undeniable demonstration, the exceedin? plenty of Catholic versions of tlie bible, which the commendable liberality of the Colonial Government had enabled Catholic pastors to distribute through the length and breadth of the colony, and more especially mnongst tli os? classes of our felloiv-subjects, whose claims upon Christian charity arc never unattended to by the zealous pastors of the Catholic church; we mean the sons of suffering exile, who dwell so numerously iu these districts. The Queen's Representative, our excellent Lieutenant-Governor, who fortunately presided on the occasion, with the wonted liberality of his well known discriminating judgment, came forward to lend his willing testimony to this important statement. His lixcellency, with the bearing of dignified impartiality, asserted tint the pastors of the Catholic fold, were at least equal to any class of our most forward and noisy religionists, who may here be so ready to trumpet forth " before men " on public plhtforms, their own zeal, at expense of truth and charity. The Lieut.-fiovernor faithfully attested to the fact of the most plentiful supplies of the Bible, dispersed by the Catholic clergy in these regions ; and, moreover, dwelt with much and evident feeling on the untiring labours, so uniformly and invariably called into energetic operation by these ecclesiastics,in every corner, wherever the disconsulateness of privation and the miseries of bondage appeal so tbrillingly to the bosoms of sympathising humanity. The friends of truth—the contemners of the ever-varying cycle and multiform round of Protestant calumnies, are gratefully thankful for this acknowledged triumph Long—far too long has this Protestant warfare of creating calumnies and then fathering them iipnu the Catholic Church, been suffered to pass by unregarded and unopposed. In this extraordinary age, when the developing progress of rigid reason and the advancing march of learned investigation are conjointly swelling Catholic ranks with distinguished converts from Protestanism, let it not be said that this constantly repeated bigotry of Protestant muffling of truth, be any longer unexposed and unassailed, but let it, in the potency of moral power, be at once most effectively counter, acted. ' This hateful system of such long continued slanderous attacks upon the Catholic faith, the faith of all nations for so many ages, is pre-eminently characteristic of the fate of Catholicity. This refined species of persecution forms equally a distinguishing mark—as it does, likewise, the most honouring feature of Catholicity itself. Let us take this colony as a representative tvpe, as it may justly be, of the differing sects of the wide compass of Protestanism. What tongue is raised in controversial hostility against any one of those various sects ?' What mouth is ever heard pouring forth its swelling ebullitions of festering hate and rabid rancour against our Methodists, our Quakers, our Independents, our Baptists, our Religionists of any one Protestant class ? They all differ from each other—they hold opinions andvien- sdirecily contradictory—they attribute that to Cod which others of them as fiercely attribute to the devil, yet they most cordially agree to differ! They all profess to meet in most delectable brotherhood. No persecuting malice rabidly assails them. The glow of popular acclaim pleasingly delights their respective votaries. No cross—no insulting frown, casts the denseness of its darkening gloom upon their smooth and onward course. Where then does the noblest prize of heaven—suffering persecution, alight: We boldly ask—is it anywhere to be found except "within the hallowed hut proscribed precincts of Catholicity f The Divine Founder of the Catholic church, in the humiliation of his mortal pilgrimage, was Himself called a wine-bibber, a deceiver, and even a devil The persecuted Jesus touchingly' replied, in the sweetest loveliness of his ineffable meekness, that if they called him the Lord and Master, all these thincs," how much more" would the world's unpitying- scorn be mercilessly lifaped upon all his true followers? His disciples were to be made manifest by suffering "great things" for bis sake—yea, even to " till" them was to do Gud esseatial service ! Thus the bitterness of the cross, in all its withering obloquy and anguish, was pro inised, though with a blessing, by unerring Truth, to be the visible distinctive badge of the chosen ones—of the Holy Church of Cod. Now, we again ask—Whal church collectively sustains anywhere such a burden ? Where is this reproach at all visited ? Can any other body of men—can any other portion of Christendom whatever, save the Catholic churcli end its consccrated Pastors, lay claim to this heaven-revealed mark of bitter abuse, ceaseless reviling, continued reproach, and unremitted accusation '! No section of Christianity is anywhere visited with such undeniable marks of perpetually persecution wrong. Nothing can be more apparent than that Catholicity amongst us is certainly denied that which our daily fashionable Protestanism so largely share?, we mean—the world's favouring caresses, the world's approving popularity, and the world's indulging love. Catholicity amongst us enjoys hut evil things—whilst Protestanism, like Dives in the parable, its best of good things. Here, in truth, the friendship of the world patronizingly smiles on Protestanism — whilst the lowering enmity of men.froivns, with the repulsion •' of unmistakeahle aversion, upon every phase nf Catholicity. How strikingly our "Solemn Declarations," our episcopal and pastoral criminations and recriminations, our high-church and low. church jaiiglitigs, with all the other count- less jarring appendages of Protestanism, bespeak this persecuting Spirit, so untiringly exerted against the religion of Catliolicsl if Protestants be negative in faith, here, forsooth, they ate quite positive in practice 1 If there be unity nowhere else, it surely cannot bedenjed that the foes of the ancient faith of the world, arc here at least inost cordially united aud firmly confederated. A* ladv, who lias lately favoured the world, with a touching sketch of her own severe trials, in her total renunciation of the Protestant religion, graphically says— " I see the marks, Christ said should follow his people and churcli, in Catholicity, and in Catholicity alone, although it is despised, a very scorn to all men.- for as He was called Beelzebub, how tnuch more they! These marks are with none but Catholics. Protestants arc respected, every where they go, particularly their clergy, and THEY ARE UNANIMOUS IN BUT ONE THING, ABUSE OF CATHOLICS AND THEIR PRIESTS. This, then, cannot be a mark from Christ to them."—[A Protestant, fMrs. F. M. Pillar J Converted to Calholicili; h:/ her Bible and Prayer Hook, 2i Edit. (Dab. 184SJ p. 25 ] Thus, forsooth, if the weather-cock be the veiv appropriate emblem which so often circui(ou«ly goes its meandering rounds, like their creeds, on the temples of Protestanism—with certainly equal appropriateness does the cross, that sacred symbol of the world's redemption, on Catliolic structures, indicate the power which makes alive whilst it so spiritually crucifies the prostrale souls of those who, beneath that holy banner,onward progressively march through self-denial to peace and glory. But what, it may lie asked, is the impetus which propels those Protestant advocates extinguish facts by fictions—to darken truth by clouds of lies ? Let us, then, briefly refer to the spirit of the whole system. Their spirit is engendered by nothing else than the pride and separatcness or isolated self- sufficient individualism. Alien from the spirit of the Gospel, the bonds oflove.and the revealed aim of God, to cducc from a moral chaos spiritual order, they betake themselves to favourite bits of imaginary truths, at a wide distance from the stable dogmas of universality. They unreasonably attach themselves to the minority—they fly off from Catholicity: they cling to a part — they reject a whole. Begotten in disorderly confusion, they bring forth the cognate fruits of interminable division and every evil work. Their beginning is in the iinposture of egotism—their end is in the atmosphere of fraud. " Purely to love (said the sainllv Penelon) humbly to believe —here is the Catholic religion!"—but any such religion with them is no religion at all! Like olden enemies of the Cross, who made even (he grace of God a fruitful source of all lasciviousness, these perhaps more plausible fanatics, convert the Word of Life, by way of propagating their evangelism, into an engine of defaming accusations and backbiting slanders! With them the Scriptures are but as a watch-word to outrage that spirit of humility, peace, and love, which is so obviously the avowed purpose of Deity in all Ilis revealed dispensations. How often has such been the fate of that blessed volume at the hands of men who knew not, like the crucifying Jews, what they did! What horrors have not been visited upon mankind by men, who in this proud spirit of private judgment, have made the inspired volume of sovereign love, not only the occasion but the direct instrument and 9pecious pretext of immoralities, rebellions, schisms, heresies, and blasphemies ! " Private judgment (said the illustrious Fcnelon)—the liberty of interpreting every thing as we please, and arbitrarily Judging of erery thing, even of things that we cannot understand or comprehend—do not all these lead to the most fatal consequences: Is not this the source of all these systems of infidelity which disfigure the face of the earth ; break down all tiie barriers and sap all the foundations of the social system ?" These have been the ccascless offerings which the ancient hcrclics and their more modern offspring of Protestanism, have required to propitiate their fondly cherished idols if selfishness in charily aud higliuiindedness iu faith. As our modern Protestants can find their prototype of doctrine embedded in the accumulated rubbish nf heresies ofancicnt churches, so likewise will ii be found that tlieir daily practices can be assimulated to those of former heretical usages. So invariable is this perverseness of ambitious individualism throughout all times, whenever it fastens ou the minds of men, that what was written many centuries ago against the infernal blasts of one of the most accursed heresies that ever impugned the honour of the Son of God, we mean Arianism, is ever since equally applicable to every creed-monger that has arisen, year after year, to our own days, since the boasted self-styled Reformation. Nor can we better conclude this pa:t of our subject than by quoting the sentiments of St.Hilary, who has assailed, in his noble championship for the doctrine of the Holy Trinity, the Arian heretics of the fourth century—and how applicable are they still to our own times!— " When once the Arians (says St. Hilary) began to make new confessions of faith, belief became the creed of the times rather than of the gospels. Every year new creeds were made, and men did not keep to that simplicity of faith which they professed al their baptism. And then, what miseries ensued! for soon there were as many creeds as might please each party j and nothing else has b en minded, since the Council of Nice, but this creed- making.—New creeds have come forth every year, and every mouth : they have been changed, hare been anathematized, and then re-established; and thus, by too much inquiry into the faith, there is no faith left. Recollect, loo, that THERE IS NOT ONE OF THESE HERETICS WHO) DOES NOT IMPUDENTLY ASSERT THAT ALL HIS BLASPHEMIES ARE DERIVED FROM THE SCRIPTURES."—OS/. Uil. Ad Constant. lib. 2.) But what of those two Protestant orators who dared to falsify by calumnies, the principles and practices of our Catholic pastors, in respect to their free circulation of the Bible? Was it to maintain their own religious news—to promote the cause of their sectarian faction? We cannot give them credit even for so much moral chivalry as to take any such trouble far others—we believe, in truth, the battle was waged much more for themselres ! Self, again, was the pinnacle of their lofty aspirings. This is the goal most commonly held in view by men of such a mould. The bygone ages of the records of the battles of olden times, beckon to us an applicable rcininiseense. No tongue for one thousand years after Christ, ever blasphemously dared even to question tiieresl presence ofincarnatc Deity in the Holy Eucharist. Throughout the vast domains of the length and breadth of Christendom, for so many revolving ages, men in the silent grandeur of adoring faith, rapturously hailed thy blessed presence. which, on the altars of their God, so vividly j and sensiblv emblematised the reality and nearness of a reconciled heaven and earth— the glory and mystery of the eternal union of {be forgiving Creator and liis ransomed creatures.' The infamously notorious Berengarius, in the eleventh century, publicly broached that novel heresy on the Holy Eucharist, which is note received, as an improvement on the Gospel, in Protestant communities! That unhappy man's writings have branded him too with' most shameful falsifications, whilst his " three written and sworn retractions" on the subject of his heresy, supply a fearful development of his outrageous perfidy. Well were'it if his Protestant followers marked and moralized upon his end. Berengarius threw himself into the pious seclusion mercifully afforded to him by an Abbey", where he spent the last eight years of his life, in multiplied sorrow and penitential exercises. The historian. William of Malmesbury, records that he died trembling, after making the following declaration:—" This day will iny Lord Jesus Christ appear to ine, cither to glory, by his inercy, through my repentance ; or, as I fear, on the account of others, to my punishment." May his modern imitators amongst us arrive at "the same blessedness through the same means! But why instance here this notable heresiarch—Berengariusi The rccords of his career point out a signal warning—and the admonition offered to him by a friend, who was once his pupil, lays bare the spring of action, which so pointedly makes manifest the object of the preceptor's heretical clamouring — in short, of the slandering speechifications of one and all of our Bible Society calumniators. This spring is a thirst for pre-eminence—an itching passion for DISTINCTION', Eusebius Bruno, the former scholar of Berengarius, thus remonstrates with his erring master — " Examine your heart, whether il is not owing to n desire of distinguishing yourself that you have begun to dispute against the real presence of Christ in the holy Eucharist." Verily they have their reward who thus distinguish themselves—but how different that reward which awaits those, who, in the solitude of the closet, or the dwellings of the ignorant, or the retreats of the vicious, laboriously seek, unseen and unheard, for the reclamation of the vile— the comfort of the afflicted—and the edification of the faithful, but neglected and ('espised followers of Christ? Such is the nible mission, primitive and apostolic, of Catholic pastors. But, before we conclude, let us, in addition to his Excellency's contradiction of Protestant falsehoods," lend another testimony from fuct, to prove the unremitting endeavours of the Catholic clergy of the colony in the general circulation of the Scriptures. Tlie day after the late Bible Society Meeting, I inspected a class in a Protestant school of this city, consisting of boys of all creeds. All the Catholic boys of the class had, equally as the Protestants, been supplied with the Scriptures by their clergy. The venerable Catholic Bishop of Hobarton, Dr. Willson, had himself a few days previously presented a Testament to one boy. Tlie ftcv. Mr. Magorian had bestowed about a fortnight before, two Testaments to brothers nf the same school. In short, every Ca'holic had fccen thus duly supplied. 1 received the permission of the little fellows to have their Catholic versions sent for further inspection, to my own house. Tliev at this moment are before me, on my table, as 1 pen this letter. I did so, for I was much struck, upon a perusal of their Bibles, with another remarkably confirmatory fact, namely, that the usual APPROBA- TION of Catholic Ecclesiastical Superiors, was appended to their respective versions, most earnestly pressing upon all the laity, the frequent and spiritual perusal of tlie blessed word of grace and truth. It will be more satisfactory to give at once, in detail, .some of these APPROBA- TIONS, just as they present themselves in these boys' Bibles. * Of the five Catholic versions before me, I find one was published at Belfast, Ireland, 1815, willi the strong recommendatory APPROBATION of both the Catholic Primate, Dr. Crolly, and of the Catholic Bishop of Down, Dr. Denvir. The second was published by Cowie, Dublin, 1H47, Stereotyped, with the APPROBATION of the Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, dated 2nd September, IS29. The words of His Grace's APPROBATION* run thus:—"This New Ediiiou of ilie I'nglish Version of the Bible, printed with our permission, carefully collated by our direction—WE, by our authority. Approve. And WE declare, that the same may leuied. with great spiritual profit, by the faithful; provided it be read with due reverence and the properdispositious." To this are subjoined the names, ofEcially, of no less than twenty-four Catholic Bishops of Ireland, declaring— " IVc concur villi the above Approbation." On the same page is added a most interesting recommendatory letter from the celebrated Apostle of Temperance, Father Mathcw. This letter bears so much cn the point at issue, in proving the universal spirit of the Catholic clergy of a Catholic country, such as Ireland, 'attesting their assiduous circulation of the Sacred Volume in the cheapest accessible form, that I f ladly submit a verbatim copy of the same, n its perusal, hoiv must our Protestant calumniators, if it be possible, blush J (Copy) "To ran MEMBERS OP THE VARIOUS TOTAL. ABSTINENCE SOCIETIES IS IRELAND, ENGLAND, AND SCOTLAND,— "Jit DEAR FRIENDS, — As the united Catholic Bishops of Ireland hive especially recommended the Faithful under their jurisdiction to 'read icitii due reverence and proper dispositions, the HOLY BIBLE, published by Ii. Coyne;'—and as he now proposes to issue the Divine Volume, under the same authority, in Twelve Parts, at Sixpence each, so as to suit the means and circumstances of ALL classes,—in order Jo assist in carryinginto practical effect, the recommendation of the Venerable Prelates, I humbly, but most earnestly, entreat all the members of the various Total Abstinence Societies, who, I trust, by being members of Societies which have produced order, peace, and tranquility, are prepared to read the Holy Scriptures with 'due reverence and proper dispositions'—to avail them of such a treasure, on such acceptable terms,—and thus to join Wisdom to Temperance, or, as the Apostle Peter says, (2 ttpis.i. 5—/,) that' employing all care, you minister in your faith, virtue; and in virtue, knowledge; and m knowledge, .Abstinence; and in Abstinence, patience; and in patience, godliness; and in godliness, love of brotherhood: and in love of brotherhood. charity.' "Permit me, my dear Friends, to express my most anxious and ardent desire, that all nf you, who shall thus read the Sacred Scriptures, with faith, submission, and respect, will follow the diviue lessons they inculcate. " In conclusion, being fully convinced of the great blessings to bp. derived from a 1 careful perusal of the Sacred Volume, I shall, for my OITII pait, adopt every means in my power to promote itt circutaiion amongst you, ana all others over teltom I can exerciit any influence. " J am, my dear friends, faithfully yours, (Signed) "THEOBALD MATHEW. . "Conn, Sth May, 1S43." Again, tbe third Bible is published at Dublin, by Duffy, 1847 —with another earnest rccommcndatory ArrnoBvnoN of the Archbishop of Dublin, dated 4th November, 1846, declaring of it also, that it "may be used by the faithful with great spiritual profit." Further, I hold in my hand a Rhemisli version of the New Testament, with the joint APPROBATION annexed, of two English Catholic Bishops, nbuiely, THOMAS, Bishop of Camliysopolis, and NICHOLAS (Cardinal Wiseman) Bishop of Mclipotamus, dated Birmingham, 1st January, 18-17. There is, moreover, given in this Testament, the APPROBATION, in Latin, by the Catholic University of Rlicims. The Doctors of that cmiucnt College declare that this Version is certainly calculated " lo promote the true faith ana the advantage of the commonwealth, and excellence of life and morals; and that, in virtne of this, they judge that it may he printed and published with profit," (" Censemus ista utiliter excudi et publican'posse.") Lastly,—another of these Versions was published in Belfast, Ireland, 1850, accompanied with the recommendation and AP- PROBATION of the Catholic Bishop of Down, Dr. Denvir. There is also joined lo the APPROBATION, a " Letter from His Holiness Pope Pius THE SIXTH, to the Most Jlcv. ANTHONY MARTINI, Archbishop of Florence, on bis translation of the Holy Bible into Italian." This letter proves, beyond question, the high value which the Holy Father of Catholic Christendom, attaches to the exceeding importance of having translations of the Scriptures in the vernacular tongue of every land, for general distribution among all classes of people. I subjoin an extract from His Holiness' Letter, translated from tlie Latin original :— POPE PIDS THE SixTn. " BELOVED SON,—Health, and Apostolic Benediction! At a time that a vast number of bad books, which grossly attack the Catholic religion, are circulated even among the unlearned, to the great destruction of souls, you judge exceedingly well, that the faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : for these are the most abundant sou rces, tchich ought to be left open to cveiy one, to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine, lo eradicate the errors which are so tcidely disseminated in those corrupt times: This you have seasonably effected, as you declare, by publishing the Sacred Writings in the language of your country, suitable to every 'ones capacity. " We therefore applaud your eminent learning, joined with your extraordinary piety, and We return you our due acknowledgments for the books which you have transmitted to Us, and which, when convenient, Wc will read over, &c.; " Given at Rome, on the Calends of April, 1778, the fourth year of our Pontificate. (Signed) "PHILIP BCONAMICI, " La tin Secretary. " To our beloved Son, Anthony Martini, at Turin" Could these Protestant calumniators produce any passage from the very Bible itself, more powerfully inculcating the supreme importance of the free circulation of the Scriptures, and the surpassing and exhaustless fulnessof their blessed truths? Vet these are the authoritative declarations of the Head of the Catholic Church, just re-published under Catholic sanction. Had those noisy slanderers, and false accusers of the Catholic Church been at once confronted, at their Bible Society meeting, with these five Catholic Versions, exhibited by their youthful owner6, and the APPROBATIONS of such a body of fhe Catholic hierarchy, read aloud even with their lisping accents, this lengthened letter might then have been well spared, aud the lying calumnies most effectually crushed in tne very teeth of, and to the utter dismay of, their unprincipled utterers. But let ns not omit noticing " A Prayer before the Reading of any part of the Holy Scriptures,'' prefixed to one of these boys' Catholic Testaments:— " Come, O Holy Spirit, fill the hearts and minds of thy faithful servants, and inflame them with the fire of thy Divine love. " 0 God, who, by (lit inspiration of the Holy Ghost, didst instruct tbe hearts of thy faithful servants; grant us, in the same spirit, lo disccrn what is right, and enjoy his comfott for ever," &c.; Besides—I casually open this very Testament, and alight on the following commentary on John xiu. 16:—"The Holy Spirit is a Comforter—also an Advocate: inasmuch as by inspiring prayer, He preys, as it were, in us, and pleads for us." Well, we ask, could those furious declaimed against Romanizing doctrines, produce anything, from the whole range of their own Protestanism, more spiritual, more evangelical, more redolent of the Cross, and more calculated to lower all human pretensions and to exalt the arm and glory of the sole Divine source of all light and power? If so—let it he produced. Wc.patiently await its production. Now such is the gerqi of the religious instruction—such is the source of tne evangelical devotion, insisted on and recommended by the Catholic pastors of this Colony, for tbe daily food of the tender young of their flocks: and such is the lofty model of true faith and piety placed in the hands of a few Catholic children, surrounded by a crowd of their Protestant, and as is pretended, more enlightenedschoolfellows. Last Sunday the Catholic Bishop of this city held a Confirmation. My son—a youth, a convert, through deep study and sincere conviction, from tlie Protestant Establishment, presented himself He had already received that rite at the hands of tbe Protestant Bishop, Dr. Nixon. The Sisters of Charity—the very mention of whose name suggests to every reflecting mind throughout the world the loveliest association of mercy and goodness—ever attentive to the objects of their pure and holy vocation, have forwarded to my son a publication, preparatory to his privileged enjoyment of that holy ordinance. Jt is entitled — " The Sincere Christian instructed in the Faith of Christ" by Bishop Hay. That truly apostolic prelate—himself also a convert from Protestanism, and celebrated for his trials and piety—thus dilates, in his introduction, on the importance of tbe Holy Scriptures, as the surest' and safest of au vehicles for imparting spiritual instruction " The Sacred Scriptures (says Bishop Hav) are an inexhaustible fountain of heavenly knowledge, but are commonly less ueed than they might be iu illustrating and establishing the truths of religion. A text or two hintei nt HOW and then, seem lost in the multitude of other reflections and reasons which surround them; but, wlicn the principal stress both of the explication and proof, is laid upon the Divine oracles, and a number of Ibem are placed in the proper order for illustrating the point in question, this gives an incredible force to what is proposed, shows that it is God himself who speaks, ahd cuts off all occasions for human sophistry to enter. This I liave had in a particular manner in view in these instructions, and have endeavoured to collect in one, the several testimonies of the Word of God, where the point in question is explained, illustrated, or established; that, seeing it to be the constant uniform doctrine of the Holy •Scripture, I might bringthc fuller and more complete conviction (o the mind." Can the whole circle of Protestant Sunday Schools, exhibit any plan of instruction inore evangelical—more thoroughly Scriptural than this ? If such publications ns these, distributed under Catholic authority, give not BIBLE instruction—we are at a loss to conceive what the words mean. We have already quoted the publication of a recent convcrt from Protestanism— Mrs. F. M. Pittar. This talented lady, before she embraced the Catholic religion, put herself in a strong antagonistic attitude against a female friend who had previously become a Catholic. Mrs. Pittar made an energetic attempt to induce this lady to relinquish the new faith she had adopted—little thinking that she herself was shortly afterwards to become a disciple and an earnest advocate of that very faith which she then opposed and detested. Mrs. Pittar herself had been blinded by Protestant teaching, so ns to be deceived V the too general delusion so laboriously plied, namely, that Catholics forbid the ree circulation of the Bible. Let us, however, let Mrs.. Pittar speak for herself in the account she published of the controversial discussion she held as a Protestant with her Catholic female friend. "The next point (Mrs. Pittar says,) I asserted with great determination, because I remembered having read a most convincing book founded upon the very fact, (" Father Clement!") and that was, that, to this hour, the Church forbids the use of Scripture to the laity. Here again I was baffled, she assured ine no such command or restriction wis laid upon Catholics; so far fromit, proper translations ofthe f>'ible were, and are circulated by ORDER of the Church, wherever people can be found capable of reading them; besides, I knew lier to have become, since her conversion to Catholicity, quite a biblical scholar." {"A Protestant (Mrs. Pit(ar) converted to Catholicity, by her Bible and Prayer-book," P. 12). This Catholic lady would almost seem to have a prophetic foresight of the gross calumnies of our Bible Society orators— and to have anticipated them by an invincible answer! However, we must conclude.—We have shown by undeniable proofs that Popes— that Primates—that Archbishops—that Bishops—that Priests—that Universities —that the discipline of the Catholic Church of Catholic Ireland—that the publication of the Scriptures, by authority, year after year—that authorized books of instruction circulated here amongst youth—that tbe Catholic Bishop and Pastors of this Colony —that the undesigiiing children of Catholic parents in a large Protestant school—that even the Protestant Representative of the Sovereign here resident—in short, that all these unitedly, by their testimony to FACT, fling, unanswerably and victoriously, to the winds, the audacious falsehood, recently uttered by men, self-arrayed in the exterior garb of religion and truth,—that the Catholic church is opposed to tlie universal dispersion of the glorious records of grace and salvation. The Catholic church throughout all the confines of the world, embracing as she does so many kings, and empires, and lands, and tribes, glories in the/z-ee circulation of the Bible. For many ages she was the sole depository of the Bible—nor has any foe ever dared to insinuate that she in any way betrayed that trust. She glories too in submitting, line upon line, every tittle of her faith and worship, to the searching scrutiny of that unerring tribunal. She believes nothing—she practices nothing—and she teaches nothing but what the revealed oraclcs of God absolutely authorize. She directs her spiritual sons to contemplate those divine truths, with the humi lity of little children—in prayerful dependence on the leaching of the Divine Spirit who inspired them—and in the humblest submission of faith, that Jesus, not man, be glorified, and that souls may thus be saved, not destroyed. In a word—our defence is now before the Colonial public, Catholic and Protestant. We fear not the result. Even those Protectants who dare to think, will not deny us a patient hearing. Truth—and such truth—is far above the paltry shifts of bias—prejudice— and misrepresentation. Let no man be afraid lo own that he is wiser this year than be was last year. To conquer self is the noblest of nil victories. Who then, we fearlessly ask, is justly chargeable with turning godliness into gain —with desecrating all that is venerable by hateful lying—with deludingsouls by lending a sort of official authority to the .perpetuating of hereditary malignant hate— and with masking craftiness of deceit and the glaring impositions of calumny, under the painted vizor of a canting, though catching, caricature of religion and piety? An impartial discriminating public will honor themselves, as they do truth, by awarding a righteous sentence. Your's truly, H/ibart Town, 1st June, 1S52. M". B. 