AUSTRALASIAN LEAGUE. PURSUANT to announcement, a public meeting was held at the Circus, in York-street, on Tues- day evening , for the purpose of receiving the report of Charles Cowper Esq., M.L.C., Pre- sident of the Australasian League, on his return from the conference in Van Diemen's Land, and for considering the future proceedings of the League touching the continuance of trans- portation to these colonies ; also, for the adop- tion of an address to Her Majesty upon the re- signation of Earl Grey. The meeting was a large one. The building was crowded, but from its peculiar structure it was difficult from any point of view to estimate with any degree of accuracy the number of per- sons present. About 1800 would be, perhaps, as fair a guess as it is possible to make. Ladies had been invited to attend, and it was peculi- arly gratifying to find that a large number of them had accepted the invitation and graced the assemblage by their presence, Mr. COWPER, who was received with loud and prolonged cheering, took the chair at a quarter past seven, upon the motion of Mr. Lamb, and proceeded to open the business of the meeting in due form, by reading the re- quisition or notice by which it had been called together. The hon. President commenced is address to the meeting with the usual terms " Ladies and Gentlemen," remarking that it was somewhat new to him thus to ad- dress a meeting in that place, and express- ing his warm gratification at the attendance of the gentler sex whose presence and co-operation added grace and dignity to every assemblage thus honoured. When he last addressed a meeting in that place he said he was about to proceed to Van Diemen's Land as the representative of this colony at the conference of the League. Since then had been to that country and had fulfilled his mission, the result of which it would be his pleasing duty to communicate to them. They had not, as had been expected, received by the Shamrock the regular reports of the Conference, but he believed that he had sufficient minutes with him to lay before them its general features and its results. In the first instance, however, he would request the secretary to read to them one of the most interesting documents to be presented for their consideration. The Report from the Executive Board of its proceedings during the past year, Mr. GILBERT WRIGHT, the secretary of the League, now proceeded to read two lengthened reports from the Executive Board, the first relating to its general proceedings during the past year, and the second being a supplemental report in reference to what passed between Earl Grey and Mr. King, the Victoria Delegate, and the proceedings of the Board thereon. The whole or nearly the whole of the details in these reports have been already before the public at various times in various shapes. The reading of these documents was fre- quently interrupted by sheering, and occasion- ally also by expressions of disapprobation, in unison with the language of the documents themselves when the proceedings of Earl Grey were detailed or animadverted upon. The PRESIDENT, having resumed his address to the meeting, proceeded to state that the conference in Van Diemen's Land opened on the 20th of April, but in consequence of his having waited in Sydney to attend the meeting already alluded to, and of having been otherwise de- tained, he was not present at its first sitting. He found however by the number that this confe- rence was attended at its opening by eighteen representatives of the League, embracing not onlyy those who represented Van Diemen's Land, but the Delegates of Victoria and South Australia. These gentlemen remained in con- stant attendance, discussing the various ques- tions submitted to the body by its individual members, touching the great object which led to their organization. Unfortunately he did not arrive to take part in these discussions until the 7th of May, for besides the delay in Sydney, he had a long passage. No words which he could use, however, could convey a proper idea of the warmth of his reception, (cheers) ; he was met and accompanied from the wharf, and spent the remainder of the day partly in dis- cussing the business of the conference, and partly in partaking of a most splendid banquet which had been provided for the occasion, and where he met with the most able, distinguished, and patriotic leaders of the Anti-transportation movement in the sister colony. (Cheers.) Every effort, in short, was made to express gratitude for the aid and co- operation of this colony by doing honour its representative. (Renewed cheers.) The conference lasted until the 12th of May. Several matters were decided upon; others were discussed and referred for final decision to the Executive Board. It was a matter of great congratulation, by-the-bye, that the representatives of their sister colonies, were so pleased withthe management of the Executive Board as not only to pass a vote of thanks to that Board, but to entrust to it the conduct of affairs for the ensuing year. (Cheers.) One of the most important decisions of the Confe- rence was to direct the preparation of a peti- tion to her Majesty, to be signed by himself as President, collecting and embodying the solemn decisions of the Legislative Assemblies of all Australasian Colonies upon this great question. This petition had been published, and as it had not been prepared by himself, he was at liberty to say that no one, he was sure, would read it without understanding and feel- ing, not only the great importance of the ques- tion itself, but the unity and strength of feeling among the colonists with reference to it, and the unimpeachable justice of their cause. ICheera,) Another measure of vital impor- tance which had been discussed and resolved upon related to the co-operation of the press in England. They had already benefitted by this co-operation, and it had been determined, in order that they might do so still more, to incur some little exptnse. They proposed to advertise their proceedings and their remon- strances, in order that the British press and the British people might see what the Australasian colonists were doing to help themselves. (Cheers.) Reports were laid before the con- ference from the several districts of Van Die- men's Land, from which it appeared that there had been no decrease, but rather an increase of the anti- Transportationist party. (Hear, hear.) This was a matter of great importance when the circumstances came to be examined. In the first place there was a great want of labour in all quarters, as large numbers of the free people were leaving the island. Many of the employers had told him that no wages would induce them to remain. While on the one hand some declared that transportation was the only means of providing the colonists with cheap labour ; others were in a position to de- clare with the truthfulness of experience that there would be no efficient supply so long as transportation lasted. (Hear, hear.) He could state many instances of severe loss sustained by contractors because they would not employ the men whom the Government was ready to furnish, and whom in fact they could not employ without losing most of their best servants, as the two classes would not work together (Hear, hear.) Resolutions were passed at the conference, recommending g30 P"-- - '-- bodies should that petitions from the various bodies be got up and transmitted- in short that the question should never be allowed to rest, but this agitation should be kept up and attention drawn to it without intermission. This was the most important because it was clear from the tone of the English press that their Victory was very far from complete, A paper of considerable authority, the Economist, con- veyed to them a plain intimation that the dis- covery of gold in the vicinity of Van Diemen's Land, so far from being considered a reason forr discontinuing transportation, was regarded as an argument in favour of sending convicts here, in order to keep this market supplied with cheap labour. This argument of cheap labour was a powerful, although a most de- ceptive one. The fear of raising the price of labour induced many to hold back, and these parties were surprised to learn, what was really the fact, that notwithstanding the presence of convict labour in Van Diemen's Land the scale of wages was higher there than in New South Wales. (Cheers.) Another measure of the greatest importance discussed, and resolved upon at the conference, was this : That it be submitted to the Executive Board, that in the event of an answer to the past remonstrances of the colonies from the Secretary of State being unfavourable, that a special meeting of colonists be convened in the province of Victoria, in or about January, 1853 that beside the delegates from the councils of the League each colony be requested to send to this assembly no less than ten persons, to be nominated through the councils of the League, in such form as they may deem desirable, and to consist of persons who have been members of the Legislative Chambers, or members of municipal insti- tutions, or members of the Chambers of Commerce. That being so assembled they may concert such ....sures as may be consistent with the importance of the cause, and with the principles of the British constitution. That the patriotic people of Victoria be requested to cause such arrangements as may facilitate the business of this assembly, and the reception and entertainment of its members, (much cheering.) Their friends are prepared to try every con- stitutional means of obtaining redress ; ..t at the same time, they were resolved to show that they were in earnest. (Prolonged cheer- ing.) They were determined to be rid of this withering curse. What would bc the re...s of a failure by the peaceful and constitutional means at present used, he would not then enter upon. They would at all events leave no means untried to convince those with whom teo decision lay of the justice of their aims by argument and remonstrance. (Hear, hear.) The question of Finance having been first con- sidered by a select committee, was ...ise discussed at the Conference. The report was a short one, and as it possessed much interest he would read it to them. It appears that the 10 per cent, contributions .. the Executive Board of the League will amount for .. to (say) £500 ; namely, £100 Sydney-£180 Victoria 120 North Tasmania-£30 Midland-£70 South Tasmania. It is presumed that of this amount £2000 will be spent for the expenses of the Executive Board, which will leave £500 applicable for remittance to London. Con- sider, however, that at least £500 to £600 should be re- mitted forthwith to the London Board for local expenses of an office, &c;, to meet which we recommend that ad- ditional contribution be made by each Board, say 10 per cent, ou their collections. This will yield from Sydney £50, Victoria £50, Launceston £60, Hobart £35, and Midland £15 .This sum, with the £300 .. to, would make £550, to be placed at the disposal of the London Board. The Secretary lo the London Board must be paid by the Sydney and Tasmanian branches, Victoria having to maintain an agent of her own govern- ment. Sydney will contribute £100, Launceston ... Hobart Town £120, Midland £60. Should this reco- mendation be adopted, the contributions of the ... branches would be as follows: - Melbourne and Geelong, ... . £27.. Sydney ... Launceston. . Hobart Town. . Midland ... ... ... ... . £1,1...... Expensess of Executive .£200 London Board ... ... ... ... 550 .."... Secretary ... ... ... 400-£1,15.... We further recommend that the remittance to .... of the Secretary's salary, and the Board expenses ... be made immediately, so great a portion of the year having now passed away ; and, in order to facilitate .. transmission, we recommend that each branch ... make their remittance direct to London, reporting the same to the Executive Board in Sydney, when re- mitting the contribution towards the expenses of the Executive Board of the League. With regard to the salary of tho London secretary, we find .. for 1851, the Van Diemen's Laud branches are expected to bear this - expense, and th.... consideration the conference agreed that .... per cent, payment to the Executive Boar .. 1851, should not be paid by the Van D.... D. Land branches. We find further that ... of this amount was remitted by the laun- ceston branch to London, and that £100 re.... to the secretary for 1851, which amount should be remitted immediately by the Hobart Town and ... branches. We recommend early attention to these malters, and request the secretary to the conference communicate this report and its recommendations tot he councils of the League and the Executive Board as soon as possible. He had, he believed, mentioned the main ... chief interest, and need scarcely detai .... longer. He had travelled twice across the island of Van Diemen's Land, and had g.... and compared the feelings and opinions of the colonists. He could assure the meeting .... the people of Sydney were looked up.... regarded with strong gratitude by the colo- nists. These feelings of gratitude had been frequently expressed to him in the st.... terms, and he felt bound to say .... then suffering felon subjects in Van Diemen's Land were worthy of all that the people Van Diemen's Land could do for them. (Cheers). Without such aid their friends Van Diemen's Land could do nothing. ... had a strong government party to grapple with, and the influence of a large government expenditure to contend against. Th..... also an influential press opposed to th.... was not surprising that at times they fe.... much depressed, and that the battle was ... tained with comparative difficulty. He .... therefore, that he might rely upon their continued support of Van Diemen's Land. (Prolongued cheering.) While he was in Melbourne he was only able to attend the meeting of the League, but he was glad to ... that at that meeting the warmest sympathy with Van Diemen's Land was expressed. Much difficulty was felt, however, as to .... they were to aid that community. The .... of Victoria said, " if convicts are sent ..... will not allow them to land, (cheers) ; .... cannot aid the people of Van Diemen's Land in this way. How, otherwise, are we to .... them ? If they want money let them ... and they shall have it. (Cheers.) The people of Victoria felt, perpahs, .... as much suffering from the .... sive policy maintained towards Van Diemen's Land as the Vandemonians them- selves, for as was stated in the report that had been read to them, the gold ... Victoria had attracted to that colony some of the worst class of ruffians from the other side of Bass' Straits. (Hear, hear.) ... difficult to conceive the miseries which con- victism entailed upon a community. .... picture to themselves the condition of a country where of 70,000 people, 2o.... convicts, and where among the con...... whose duty it was to guard against ..... in number, no less than 332 were ...... convicted criminals, (Hear, hear.) .... the condition of Vun Diemen's Land. It might naturally be expected the ..... this constabulary was frequently m...... and oppressive. Instances of brutality ... respectable persons, and even female .... frequent occurrence, which could .... create the deepest disgust in the brea..... person possessing a spark of man..... (Hear, hear.) And not only did .... outrage the best feelings of human .... it was the means of cramping and .... commerce. It was admitted in the govern- ment returns that 800 convicts had ...ed, so that these abscondings .... have been pretty frequent. To guard as far as practicable against them, vessels leaving the port was subjected to a search, and all passengers on board of them were rigidly examined. It put him in mind of old times when he was called up and questioned as to what ship he came to the country and so forth. (Laughter.) Vessels were often delayed for the purposes of this search. It was BO with the vessel in which h...... up. The wind was favourable, and the ..... had intimated by signal his wish to take advantage of it by going at onco to sea, yet they were obliged to drop anchor for the the night, and remain at anchor with a fair wind blowing ..side until the following ay was "well..." for the constables to come on bard ....later the passengers (Hear, hear and ......er.) This was only one of many inconveniences, some of them far more serious, which convict- ism entailed. At the first meeting on this subject over which he had the honour to pre- side, the assemblage was addressed by a gentle- man now no longer a colonist- th... Mr. Saunders. What tho reverend gentleman reported then of his experience in Van Die- men's Land was equally true of it ... he had been frequently reminded of what that gentleman had said, that .... ould know and feel the evils of convi .... that country, but those who had an e..... of witnessing them.. (Hear, hear.) ...n he told the meeting that all the .... high character and standing- all those ...essed a deep stake in the prosperity of Van Diemen's Land, were associated against thi..., and looked towards the people of Sydney with gratitude for the past and hope for the future, thc warmth and depth of these feelings must be understood. As their representative, he, in common with his colleagues from Victoria and South Australia, had met everywhere in Van Diemen's Land with the most warm and cordial reception. But one feeling seem to prevail universally, a warm and respectful welome for the delegates, and gratitude to the people who had sent them there. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) The Venerable Archdeacon M'ENCROE now came forward, and was most warmly received. They must, he said, excuse him if, as one of the oldest members of the League, and of the first combatants in the anti-transportation struggle, he presumed to come forward the first on this occasion without being specifically called upon. Since they last met a few months had been added to his age, but nevertheless he felt himself ten years younger as he addressed the meeting, than he was on the occasion alluded to. (Cheers.) Their horizon was then clouded, and their prospects gloomy. Both were now brightened. (Cheers.) Earl Grey was no longer the state physician, and with the change of doctors they might hope for better treatment. (Laughter and cheers.) But in re- joicing over this change he had almost for- gotten the purpose for which he rose, which was, to thank their worthy President for his exertions, and to bid him welcome on his return among them. Perhaps he could use no more expressive terms than was afforded him by his native tongue. He would therefore greet their President with " Cead mille failthe." (Loud cheers.) The resolution which he pro- posed to move was in the following terms : That this meeting cordially welcomes the President of the League upon his return from the conference nt Van Diemen's Land, and begs to convey to him the expers- sion of their thanks for the gratifying manner in which he has accomplished his mission. He flattered himself that this resolution would be carried by acclamation. The mission which the President had thus accomplished was one not only of difficulty but of some peril. He had gone forth to carry the war into the very camp of the enemy, and to convey to a people trampled upon by despotism the assurances of sympathy and aid. (Cheers.) He had con- veyed to those disheartened by gloomy pro- spects, and bending under the yoke of bondage, the cheerful tidings that a brighter day - a day of freedom - would assuredly dawn upon them ere long, and nost heartily they bid him welcome upon his return from this kindly labour. (Cheers, It had been industriously reported in certain quarters that the League was a disaffected body. Nothing could be more untrue. The wish to maintain the connexion with their parent land by denouncing the cause of com- plaint most likely to cause a rupture. (Hear, hear.) He had long been convinced that that the system pursued by the home Government in the management of its prisons was a bad one, and that until it was reformed the difficulties under which the ministry at present laboured would continue to be felt. But the conse- quences of this bad system must not be visited upon the Australian colonies, and there could be no earthly reason why those who wished to preserve their country and people freu from moral infection should be branded with disloyalty, (Hear, hear.) When a infectious disease broke out among the sheep, the matter was discussed in the Legis- lative Council of the colony, and measures were adopted to stay its progress. A law was passed to prevent diseased sheep from being driven through the country, even on the public roads, so that the slightest contact might be guarded against. Of this stringent measure no one complained. If it was neces- sary to interpose these safeguards against phy- sical infection, why should the moral infection be allowed to progress unchecked? (Cheers.) If it was necessary to watch thus carefully over their sheep, in what respect was it a ark of disaffection to watch over the immunity itself? (Renewed cheers.) If any one was to convey diseased sheep across a man's run by secret paths, the holder of that run would naturally and speedily seek redress from the nearest police bench. Now this was exactly what Earl Grey ahd been doing ; finding that he could not send his convicts to Sydney direct, he poured them into Van Diemen s Land, and contemplated bring- ing them into Moreton Bay, so as to steal a march upon them through the interior. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He was not opposed to the prisoners, on the contrary, he was the prisoner's friend, But the true interests of this unhappy class would not be advanced by a continuance of the system of which Earl Grey was so wann an advocate, (Hear, hear.) Judging, however, from the tone and temper of the present head of the ministry in times past he was not a likely man to administer golden pills to convicts as a cure for crime, but one who would resort to a less agreeable and more effective medicine. (Laughter and cheers.) The most loyal subjects of her Majesty were those who would warn her of the breakers ahead; the real disloyalty was on the part of those who to please four or five hundred squatters in the north, or to serve the interests of a handful of government officials in the south, would set at nought the wishes and remonstrances of fifty or sixty thousand people. (Hear, hear.) He was not only loyal from principle, but had taken an oath of allegiance many years ago at Maynooth. By the terms of this oath he was bound to make known to the sovereign for the time being, all matters which came within his cognisance having a tendency to subvert the rule of the crown over all or any part of its territories. Now the correspondence of Earl Grey with the squatters of the north, and the officials of the south with a view to the forcing of convicts upon Australia had unquestionably this tendency. Of this correspondence he as well as the colonists generally was cognizant; but he could not go personally and inform her Majesty of it. It was open to him, however, to speak of it in a public meeting of the colo- nists, and thus inform the whole world. This consequently was'a duty which his loyalty required bf him, (Cheers.) If a doctor was called in to attend a patient and found the patient dying but concealed this fact out of a mistaken delicacy, and thus prevented the dying person from arranging his earthly affairs and preparing himself for a better world, this conduct would be deservedly censured by the patient's friends. In disclosing the full extent of the danger, the League was the true friend of Her Majesty's Government. Those who would conceal this danger were the foes who, to further tfheir own selfish views, would suffer, the loyalty of the colonies to be first weakened and then destroyed. (Cheers.) He would conclude by again thanking their President for his past exertions and greeting him with "Cead mille failthe." (Loud cheers.) Mr. NORTON, amidst much cheering, ad- vanced to second the resolution which had just been moved. It was, he said, so grateful ..ask to acknowledge the services and to hail the return of an associate in the same labour with one's self, that the words which usually sprang to the lips on such occasions were rather to be taken as indications of the speaker's own feelings than, as candidly and truthfully illus- trating the merits of the party alluded to. In present instance the case was reversed. The merits and services of their honoure President were such as to call forth all the most .. and grateful feelings of the .... to such an extent that would render abortive any attempts at expression (Cheers.) The ...which he had so ably filled had been acceped by him at a time when its acceptance was ..cely consistent with personal safety. There were strong and powerful feeling of antagonism ..e contended against. Many who were in..... ... towards the anti-transportationist party .... yet embarrassed by fears that convict la- bour could not without risk be wholly cast off. Others again, although convinced that this step ought be advantageously taken, yet stood aloof ...t an enterprise so difficult and so apparently ....less. Since that period the cause had progressed step by step, all its formerly luke- warm friends had cast of their timorousness, jointed its standard - till very many who., were opposed to them had become convinced I that their 1 .vws were wrong, and that thej* had mistaken t> true welfare and greatness of thc country, ''"¡leers). It might now be asserted without fe... of contradiction that instead of thc anti-tronsporiationist principle being main- tained by a few insolated supporters, there ar scarcely one hun di ed persons in New Soutl: Wales who were not convinced that a recur- rence to transportation would be incompatiblt with the best interests of thc community (Ilear, hear). The moat important resolutions and those which left behind them the mos beneficial and most permanent effects, had beer those which were achieved without bloodshec diametrically opposite in their nature to thosi which had made France the shame of nations (Hear, hear). If this character had been thi revolutions of their Parent Land.-revolution! marked not by ferocity but reason and renee tion. Thus it would be with the League. Thi subject with which, it bad had to dea was one which affected the whole moral tom oí this community. Perhaps no greater mis fortune could have befallen this country thai thc loss of the noble cause of which thei President and his coadjutors were the con sistent advocates ; but if this cause, which hai been advocated so triumphantly,' had beei lost, the struggle was still one which wouh have been recorded comruendingly in history (Cheers.) They had only to make their positioi and their true interests well understood, an those of their fellow-subjects in Great Brtairi who at present were opposed to their freedom would bc the first to come forward with ai and congratulation :-the first to acknowlcdg them as worthy scions of their own noble ract which hud deservedly won for itself the respec ind admiration of the world. During th struggle, and perhaps it was not too much t iay to a certain extent, in consequence of i i distinguished nobleman had been driven fror ais post ;in the administration, publicl iranded with a charge of falsehood, which li would ever find it impossible to repel. (Hea rear.) One thing which this struggle ha ?aught the people of these colonies was thi f they were ever to acquire a national chi ?acter, the efforts for this purpose must begi vith themselves. (Cheers.) They must ni ely upon external assistence, but must pro' hemsclvea true descendants of thc parei tock. Tho British nation and the Britis onsiitution have given them a first impressit vhich enabled them to assert their right u> make and to maintain this assortit ested with themselves. (Hear, hear.) '. oncluaion he would piopose what he w ure would meet with their entire concurrent .amely, that this resolution, which he had t lOnour of seconding, should bo carried 1 eclamation, as the distinguished individu ?3 whom it bore reference was then in t hair, and could not put it to them witho ame delicacy. In accordance with this suggestion, the i elution was carried by acclamation, follow y three hea ty cheers and " ono cheer more ir the President of the League, Mr. Lar giving time." Mr. COWPER would detain the meeting or y a very brief expression of his deep gratitu ir thc cordiality of his welcome. Tho voya| tdced, owing to the tempestuous character ie season, had not been free from peril ; 1 * this peril ho had been more than repaid io kind and hospitable, reception which ad met with in Van Diemen's Land, and is cheering welcome home. (Cheers.) Tin ero two circumstances which he li rgotton to mention wben he first addrest ie meeting, and to which as they were most creditable to the parties concerned, he would beg leave briefly to allude. It would be re- membered that the privilege of an elective legislature had been but recently extended to Van Diemen's Land. The efforts of the pro- transportationist party to obtain an ascendency, although unsuccessful, had been the means nevertheless of making the elections very ex- pensive "to the' anti- transportationists. The election of the President of the Van Diemen's Land branch of the League Mr. Chapman, had entailed upon that gentleman, an expense of between £2000 and £3000. This being known, a subscription was set on foot without the solicitation or even knowledge of Mr Chapman, and as its result, a check for £1000 was handed to that gentleman. (Cheers.) Mr. Chapman, he felt bound to add, was not only a worthy representative of Hobart Town, but a most zealous and valua- ble officer of the League, (Hear, hear.) The other matter which he desired to mention was connected with himself, but as it was most cre- ditable to the parties concerned he could not pass it over in silence. When it was known that he, the representative of the Sydney "Leaguers," would pass through Launceston, the young men of that town set themselves to work to prepare for him a cordial reception. They accordingly got up a " soiree," and pre- sented him with an address (Hear, hear.) The room on this occasion as crowded to excess, and numbers he understood were unable obtain admission. No mark of respect which had been bestowed upon him during his stay in Van Diemen's Land was, more grateful to his feelings than this. (Cheers.) He would not detain them, longer, but again thanking them for the cordiality of the welcome home which they had bestowed upon him, would conclude by calling upon the distinguished and highy respected representative of the city, Mr. Lamb. The CHAIRMAN then, amidst deafening cheers, said that it was a pleasurable duty to upon Mr. Lamb, one of the members for Sydney, to, make the second resolution. Mr. LAMB, M.L.C., on presenting himself, received with a renewed burst of loud and long continued applause, which having sub- sided, he proceeded to address the meeting. He reminded his fellow-citizens that when they had last met together in that place, in April last, a hope was expressed by some of the speakers that the hateful question of transport- ation had such certain prospects of being quickly and for ever settled, that it was not probable they should be called upon to meet and renew the expression of their unchanged opinions upon it. He, Mr. 'Lamb, confessed that he had not been so sanguine as to indulge in the belief that this hope would be realized, however earnestly he joined in it; for he too well knew the determination of that obstinate and wicked minister, Earl Grey, to persevere in his design of forcing convicts on the Aus- tralian colonies. (Hear, hear.) Now, how- ever, he did heartily indulge in that hope; Earl Grey no longer ruled at the Colonial Of- fice, and he, Mr. Lamb, did at length, sincerely believe and trust, that the people of Australasia would no longer have to comment in angry, bitter terms on the conduct of the British Government to- wards the colonies. (Loud cheers.). The citizens of Sydney had never known him, Mr Lamb, to stand forth to eulogise the local Executive, when they did not deserve it. (Hear.) He had been alwuys foremost in de- nouncing them when their measures appeared to him to be prejudicial to the public interests. (Hear.) But he now had the utmost pleasure in declaring to that meeting that in his opinion the time had arrived when it became a grace- ful act of duty to award their thanks. (Loud cheers.) Those around him had heard and read the infamous despatches forwarded to Downing-street from a neighbouring colony, wherein it was audaciously asserted that the convicted felonry of Van Diemen's Land would bear favourable comparison with the free colonists of New South Wales. (Cries of shame) Most pleasing was it to contrast such statements with those which His Excellency the Governor-General had recently transmitted to Earl Grey. (Cheers.) Sir Charles Fitz Roy had perhaps been late before he adopted the opinions which he now so firmly expressed but being at length convinced the moral courage so .... to tell Lord Grey in the most emphatic decided terms. (Renewed cheers.) The members of the Executive Council had supported Sir Charles in the stand he had made against the Colonial Minister's insidious and dangerous designs. In their minute, which was received by his Lordship at the same time with theMoreton Bay petitions, pray- ing for separation and exilism, they boldly set forth their reasons for opposing the prayer of the Moreton Bay squatters, (Loud cheers). And they did not shrink from telling Earl Grey, in plain and unmistakable language, that if such a prayer were conceded to the im- minent detriment of New South Wales proper, it would be a direct breach of good faith and principle. (Long continued cheering.) It must be particularly borne in mind that those gentlemen who had so nobly performed what they rightly believed to be an imperative public duty, all held office at the pleasure of the Colonial Minister, who by his mere nod or beck, or by a stroke of the pen, could dismiss them from thc public service. (Hear, hear._ The minute of these faithful officers had not been published ; but from Earl Grey's angry and insulting reference to it in his late des- spatch on Moreton Bay, dated December 27th 1851, the colonists were able to form a tolerably correct idea of its tenor. The Exe- cutive Council, in that document, had dis- tinctly set forth their emphatic condemnation of the proposal to separate Moreton Bay from New South Wales, and to have convicts landed and dispersed through the North-Eastern dis- tricts of thc colony. (Hear,) Earl Grey in his despatch, referring to this minute, tol the local Executive that they were meddling with matters which did not concern them. But well did those gentlemen know that the re- newal of transportation in any part of the Aus- tralian colonies was a matter of the deepest concernment to them ; and that in submitting to the home Government their firm oppostion thereto, they were echoing the voice of the whole of the people of tho Australian Group. (Loud and long-continued cheers.) Now, as it was always extremely unworthy to laud the ruling powers when they did not deserve praise, it was, on the other hand, equally wrong to withhold approval when their policy was in accordance with the best and dearest interests of the ruled ; and as the course pur- sued by the local Executive was entitled to the highest commendation of the colonists, he (Mr. Lamb) had the sincerest gratification in moving the resolution which had been confided to him by the Board of the League. It was as follows : - That this meeting acknowledges with gratitude the firmness and moral courage evinced by the Executive Council of this colony in reminding Earl Grey of his lordship's pledge, which in their opinion - no less than in that uniformly maintained by the Australasian League, precluded his sending convicts to Moreton Bay without a manifest breach of faith ; and they deeply regret that his Lordship, instead of feeling indebted to the Council for their honest warning, should have endea- voured to evade its application by narrowing the inter- pretation of his former language. This was praise which the Executive richly de- served, and in rendering it he (Mr. L.) would observe that it was ungracious and impolitic for the governed to be always finding fault with those who ruled over them, because the latter in such a case would naturally believe that there was no use in trying to do good, if blame were always laid at their doors. Cheers.) He (Mr. L.) would then beg the meeting to remember that it was evident the utmost necessity existed for not relaxing in their labours in the least. (Hear îCntemptible as the Moreton Bay petitioners for convict labour were in number; contemptible as they were in principle; it must not be forgotten that their petition had been treated with respect ; that ours had been disregarded by Earl Grey. (Loud cries of hear.) Ho, Mr. L. was, however, happy to say, that others in high position were begin- ning to acknowledge the powerful influence of the League, and to respect and appreciate the high object of an association whose mem- bers they but a short time ago denounced as disloyal." (Loud cheers.) They began to understand how wholesome was such an agi- ition as the League had set on foot; and to feel assured that it must work for good. (Hear hear.) To one important point which had been introduced by the chairman, he, Mr amb, would also advert before he sat donw. It was the financial condition of the League. (Loud cries of hear). Those who were earn- nestly desirous that the good should really be effected, which it was the high object of the League to achieve, must assist not only by voices alone, but by their purses ; not only by lip-loyalty, but by purse-loyalty. (Hear, hear). He sincerely hoped that the next minute which might be published by the board of the League would show that in this all- important point, the people of this colony had evinced their cordial and practical determination to render service, not to New South Wales alone, but to Van Diemen's Land likewise. (Loud Cheers.) Our sister Tasmania had acted most liberally and nobly in this sacred cause, and had hitherto shown herself more prompt and ready with her purse than we had; but he, Mr. Lamb, had the utmost confidence the people of New South Wales, and felt assured that the earnest appeal now made to them would be cheerfully and quickly re- ponded to. (The honorable member sat down amidst loud and repeated rounds of ap- plause. Mr. HOLDEN supported the resolution, because he was glad that the League was afforded this opportunity of showing that its members were no less keenly alive to benefits received, than to injuries suffered from their rulers. (Hear, hear.) And that if by a great exhibition of moral force, they had trespassed upon one of the functions of those rulers in being a terror to evil doers, they were at least as well disposed to undertake the other function, that of being a praise to those who did well. (Cheers.) Another ground for satisfaction was this, that the very act which called forth their gratitude to the Executive Council afforded an ample justification for what had been termed the intemperance ot their language towards her Majesty's late Secretary of State for the Colo- nies. (Hear, hear.) When, after exciting universal indignation, by a breach of faith in a neighbouring island, - he spurned the warning of his own organs of Government in this colony against a second breach of faith. ( Hear, hear.) it was high time for plain men to speak out in plain language. (Hear, hear.) Those who used it deserved well of society, and instead of being disturbers of its peace, were only honest citizens sounding the tocsin of salutary alarm. (Cheeers.) No libel they could utter on the late Secretary of State could add one tittle to the verdict passed on his conduct by his own officers. (Hear, -hear.) When the views his lordship now avowed as his own, were first at- tributed to him in the Legislative Council of this colony, they appeared to the honourable mind of the chief adviser of this Government so monstrous, that he repelled the very suspi- cionas a shameful and unauthorised aspersion on the character of a British nobleman (Hear, hear.)It was certainly no fault of this hones advocate, if his noble client had now torn off his own back the robe of imputed innocence, and had turned his defender's praise into bitter irony. (Loud cheering.) The deliberate opinion of the Executive Coun- cil on the main question appeared to have been to the same effect, and to have been for- warded to England for due information and warning, and though it had not diverted Grey from his purpose, it had happily suspended its execution, and yet more happily it had thrown the question over into the hands of another, and they trusted a more honorable Minister, to be finally disposed of. (Hear.) If they looked at the terms of Earl Grey's last despatch, it was remarkable that he did not venture to say that the Council had misconstrued his language, but on that it had mistaken his intention (Hear, hear.) It would have been more candid if he had said that wholly unsuspected circumstances had arisen which called in his opinion for the relaxation of the strict letter of his pledge. But to make out the reasonableness of such a demand, he must at least have shown that substantial resistance was the end and aim of the relaxation. And could this be the case when he well knew the old colony of New South Wales, and to which, and to the whole of which the promise was made, would conti- nue as deeply injured at the introduction nute, cr ol' :ers ) Earl and It hose 1 or miss :ar.) i a îxe dis dis the But .us nest i convicts at Moreton Bay as if they were im- ported at Sydney or Newcastle ? (Hear, hear.) When it was as impossible to restrict the consequences of the proposed measure as pollute a stream without injuring the popu- lation that drunk its running waters. (Hear, hear.) As absurd as to pretend that the right side of a patient could remain free of the small-pox because the surgeon's lancet had only scratched the verus into the left arm ! (Hear, hear.) It were bad enough to take ad- vantage of the letter of a compact for such a purpose - To keep the word of promise to our ear, And break it to our hope. But here Earl Grey desired to escape from the letter to accomplish an end equally violating the spirit - an end not more deserving of such a dispensation than Shylock's ''pound of flesh,"- of a dispensation from the strict letter Antonio's bond, or Padua's law. Earl Grey had left, as a legacy to his successor, his controversy with us and with the Executive Council on this subject. His successor would we trusted be too honest to accept such a legacy, (hear, hear,) but our gratitude was not the less due to the Council for the part they had taken. (Hear, hoar.) Might the expression of this gratitude induce them not only to maintain their point on this occasion, but in other matters to interpose the same honest language between the colony and the blunders or evil intentions of the British ministry. (Hear, hear.) They did not forget that in the article of moral courage, the loudest of their demonstrations is surpassed by the most temperate protest a Government functionary ever penned against the justice of a measure his official superior was earnestly bent on accomplishing. (Hear, hear.) Were such temperate protests more frequent and unflinching, (hear, hear,) the louder denunciations of the senates and the popular assembly would be far less heard far less in demand. (Hear, hear,) They would undergo the transmutation which they were happy now to exhibit - a conversion into votes of thanks. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) Mr. C. KEMP said, that as the hour was advancing and there was much other business to go through, he would detain the meeting but a few minutes. He was present at the Legislative Council when the Attorney General indignantly repudiated the idea that after his despatch on the subject Lord Grey could for a moment think of sending convicts to Moreton Bay ; and, although they had not the minutes of the Executive Council before them, there was no doubt that that body had expressed that opinion to his lordship. Instead of thanking them for the warning and advice they had given him, the noble lord, what was colloquially termed, snubbed them for their faithfulness, and told them that they were interfering with what did not concern them ; and that, when he said he would not send convicts to New South Wales, he did not mean that he would not send them to Moreton Bay, which is a part of it. If his lordship thus treated his own officers - men of high character and standing, and who must be supposed to have every disposition to meet his Lordship's views, was it at all to be wondered at that he treated the representations of the colonists as he had done ? But if his lordship could not appreciate the motives of the Executive Council the colonists could; and he considered that the officers of the League had done wisely in preparing the vote of thanks now under consideration, and which he hoped would be unanimously and heartily carried. Since they last met, Lord Grey had ceased to be minister, and it was one of the severest censures that could be passed upon a minister of Lord Grey's descent and eminent abilities, that his retirement was hailed with delight and satisfaction, although two men out of every three, when the heard the name of his successor, had to ask who he was, and one who was almost unknown in the poli- cal world, who had never held a more pro- minent position than the chairmonsuip of a county quarter sessions, was welcomed with delight as the successor of the man who bore the illustrious name of Grey. It would be remembered that at their last meeting they had intelligence of the speech of Sir William Deni- son to the Legislative Council of Van Die- men's Land, in which he imputed disloyalty to the anti-transportation members. As the session ended with his Excellency's address there was no opportunity of replying, but the insult was not forgotten. The steamer had just brought intelligence of the opening of the new session, and immediately upon the Lieu- tenant-Governor retiring from the house, Mr Nutt moved a petition to the Queen, com- plaining of the language used by his Excel- lency, and setting forth his various misrepre- sentations of the convict question. The go- vernment party moved as an amendment, that a deputation wait upon his Excellency to ask for an explanation, which was carried by the votes of the nominees, and two or three elected members, who were suspected of having en- tered into a compact with the government, as some of our members are supposed to have done in this colony. The deputation waited upon his Excellency who assured them that he did not mean to charge them with disloyalty, and read a despatch, having first exacted a promise that it should not be printed, which enclosed a copy of his speech, and in which he explained to the Secretary of State that he did not mean to in- pute disloyalty to members. This was in fact saying that he did not mean what he had said. They had not information of the result of the explanation, but there was every reason suppose that the government party would be sufficiently strong to prevent any further notice of the matter. In this colony the executive is now with the Anti-Transportation League, and as they had often had occasion to censure the government, he had no doubt they would be glad of an opportunity of awarding the praise. The CHAIRMAN then said, that he had much pleasure in introducing to the meeting an old colonist, Mr. Richard Jones, the honorable member for the Stanley Boroughs, Moreton Bay. Mr. RICHARD JONES was received with the warmest demonstrations of welcome. He thanked the meeting most sincerely for their kind reception of him. He had only arrived from Moreton Ray within the last few days and neither knew that this meeting had been convened, nor that he should be honoured by being asked to take part in it. But he could assure the numerous and highly respectable and influential audience whom he had the happiness to meet, that it was with the utmost satisfaction that he came forward to support a resolution which had for its object the render- ing thanks to the local Executive for their noble exertions to save the northern districts of New South Wales from pollution. (Loud cheers). And on behalf of the settlers in those districts, he (Mr. Jones) desired to express their heartfelt thanks to those officers for having so firmly essayed to save them from so deep and lasting a disgrace. (Hear.) He would beg attention to certain features in Lord Grey's recent des- patch on Moreton Buy, That document was narrowed down to three points. First, if the local legislature gave satisfaction to Moreton Bay, then his Lordship professed disinclina- tion to comply with the prayer of the handful of pro- trunsportationists. Secondly, whatever doubts the Colonial Minister might entertain as to the real feelings of the Moreton Bay people in respect to transportation, he appeared to have none in respect to the alledged general desire for separation. But he, Mr. Jones, took that opportunity of declaring, that, with the exception of some 150 squatters on the Downs the great bulk of tho people were, as to both separation and transportation hear.) He, Mr.J., had told minority, over and over again then. "They wanted they did yot »* foul the so had no r bouring that Jones) had publicly told them so. (Loud cheers.) The third point in Lord Grey's despatch was his insulting rebuke of the Exe- cutive Council of this colony for having offered advice on a subject which, his lordship inti- mated, it was the exclusive province of the local Legislature to interfere with. But had not the latter body expressed on several occa- sions, and in equally bold and unqualified terms, their opposition to the insane and mis- chievous desires of the the Moreton Bay squat- ters ? (Loud cries of hear.) It should have been remembered by his lordship, that the Northern districts, under the new Constitu- tional Act, were fairly represented in the Le- gislative Council of New South Wales, and it was due to the residents that their opinions as to the pollution of convicts, should be declared by their elected representatives ; and that they should weigh against the private letters with which Mr. Arthur Hodgson and his friends might continue to favour Earl Grey. (Hear.) At the last election, the convict battle had been fought at Moreton Bay, both in the Stanley Boroughs, and in the county of Stanley, Although able men were brought forward by the squatters, he (Mr. Jones) had been elected for the boroughs ; and two equally earnest and staunch opponents of transportation had been returned for the county. (Cheers.) He, in particular, had had to contend with the fiercest opposition ; he had been assailed by missiles of every kind, even by those that he had mistaken for his friends ; but a proud victory had nevertheless been his. (Loud cheers, ) Mr. Jones, in reference to the notion which seemed to prevail in Sydney, that apart from transportation, there was a feeling at Moreton Bay in favour of separation from the middle district, explained that was really not the case. He believed, however, that the local legislature would do Moreton Bay an acceptable service, if they gave the district something in the shape of a govern- ment of its own ; on the model, perhaps, of Port Phillip before it was erected into a se- parate colony. The district likewise desired to have a Resident Judge; and the means of obtaining speedy justice. In the latter impor- tant respect, it was sadly deficient. Persons apprehended on slight charges, for which, if convicted, they were not sentenced to more than a month's confinement, were frequently kept six months in goal awaiting their trials ; and even then it oftened happened, that the witnesses not being forthcoming, or from other causes, they were remanded until the next ensuing sessions, and so de- tained in prison six months longer. (Hear, ear.) These were points which he threw out for the consideration of those who had it in their power, by attention thereto, to conciliate the great majority of the residents of the northern districts; all, in fact, but a few squatters who longed for convicts, and who had neither shame or hesitation in declaring that they would employ none but exiles on their stations. (Cries of shame and hisses.) Mr. Hargraves lately made a geological inspection of the northern districts, and had declared that gooseberries might as well be sought on black- berry bushes as gold at Moreton Bay. This had been seized by the squatters as an excuse for renewing their demands for convicts ; they asserting that the western, and southern gold fields were draining the pastoral districts of the north of their shepherds and hutkeepers. But this he, Mr Jones, denied. The discovery of gold in the former districts might have somewhat disturbed tho state of the northern labour market in the first instance, but he had not the slightest doubt of the timely recovery and adjustment of that market; and he felt assured that per- severance and honest industry were all that was needed to render Moreton Bay one of the/ finest and most prosperous countries on the face of the world. (Loud cheers.) He (Mr Jones) trusted that he should not be accused of over-partiality for describing his own dis- trict in such flattering terms. Every visitor to Moreton Bay expressed himself in equally warm language ; and when Mr. Hargraves expressed his opinion as to the non-existence gold there, he softened the disappointment, by reminding the residents that it was fully recompensed by their beautiful country, (Hear.) At present the district was exposed to the disadvantage of having no fearless and independent press (such as was enjoyed by the people of Sydney). One of the local papers was the property of the squatters, and the other was neutral, or lukewarm in the cause which it once professed to defend. In some respects to fill the place of a free press, the residents had now taken a step which the meeting would hear with pleasure ; they had established at Brisbane a branch of the Aus- tralasian League. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) He (Mr. Jones) would state the circumstances under which this step had been determined upon. A private meeting had been got up by the friends of convictism on the 17th of May last, for the purpose of getting up another petition, praying for Separation and convict labour. The opponents of this design imme- diately determined to form a branch of the League, encouraged thereto by the following resolutions, which had been just before received from the Secretary of the Sydney Board : Passed by the New South Wales Council of the Aus- tralian League, at a meeting held 4th May, 1852: - 1. That this Council watch with the deepest interest the proceedings of their fellow-colonists at Moreton Bay, touching Transportation, ami regret that circumstances should not admit of a Delegation from their body pro- ceeding thither by the next steamer. The Council, how- ever, feel assured that the continued attachment of the inhabitants to those principles which prompted the re- turn by them at the late election of two pledged Anti Tranportation members tn the Legislative Council, will enable them to baffle the schemes and defeat the machi- nations of Messrs. Patrick Leslie, Arthur Hodgson, Robert Ramsay, and the other members of the Northern District pro-Convict Separation Association. 2. That the above resolution be forwarded to Richard Jones, Esq., M.L.C., with the request that he will submit the same to his constituents and the public. They accordingly lost no time in acting up to the principles set forth in these resolutions, and issued the following notice: - The private meeting of the so-called " Moreton Bay and Northern Districts Association," held in Brisbane on Monday evening but, having proved a repetition only of of former displays of the same kind, it is intended forth- with to establish a Branch here of the Australasian League, united for the purpose of opposing the British Government in sending convicts to any of the Austral- asian colonies, and thereby secure the good will of that formidable body, whose sympathies are with us, and if true to ourselves, with such distinguished aid, we shall defeat the machinations nf those whose object is mere gain, and who are labouring hard to make this a convict settlement, and thus reduce this fine part of the world to the pitiable condition of being shunned by all respectable immigrants who are seeking a home for the future resi- dence of themselves and families. They also drew up a counter petition ; which they published, and prefixed with an earnest J call upon the opponente of transportation, as follows: - The friends of the Australian League against trans- portation in any form, residing in .. .. districts, are earnestly called upon to sign the following protest to a petition adopted at a private meeting held at Brisbane on the 17th ult, praying for separation, ac- companied with convicts, fueling assured that the stream of free Immigration to all parts of her Majesty's Austra- lian colonies is steadily flowing upon us: - We, being residents of Brisbane, Ipswich, and the Northern Districts of New South Wales, and some of the members of the Australasian League, that it our imperative duty to record our dissent from the proceedings of a pri- vate meeting held at Brisbane on the 17th of May in- stant, its avowed purpose the introduction of convicts into this part of the colony, and at which a petition was agreed to, addressed the Queen's Most Excellent Ma- jesty in Council, and which petition has been published in the local newspapers. In thus recording our disent to the allegations con- tained in such petition as being grossly exaggerated, if not untrue, we are anxious and willing to receive at the hands of our Sovereign any honourable boon that can be conferred upon us by the crown, having for its object the advancement and prosperity of those residing in this fairest portion of her Majesty's colonial possessions. With such sentiments we enter our solemn protest in be- ourselves, our families, our personal interests country of our adoption, against its being con- penal settlement, or in the manner of a place where convicts may be sent. And we pledge ourselves ill advised to a place in which convicts to another country, not to Sw**J%w«ti», Ut »un»c*;ftf ,,<^i northern districts of New South Wales the same hatred of convictism in any shape pm vailed, os in every other portions of this greut and rapidly rising colony. (Loud cheers.) The resolution was put and camed ncm. co». The Chairman then said that he was happy to call upon another member for the city of Syd- ney, his respected friend, Mr. Robert Camp- bell, to move the third resolution. (Loud cheers.) Mr. ROBERT CAMPBELL, M.L.O., then presented himself, nnd was enthusiastically received. He said that it was with much .Afc pleasure that he came forward to move the %m< following resolution : That th« résignation of office hy Earl Grey, is matter for congratulation both to th« colonista of Australasia and to thc Queen's Mos! Kxccllent Majesty. And this " meeting hereby record* its sulemn conviction, that tho sipenal policy of that Minister, was sowing tho seed J of SäMayalty throughout these territories, and alienatinff jfttfav affections of her Majesty's subjects. Very gratifying, indeed, was it, both to him Beif and to thc meeting to have to congratulate themselves and their Sovereign on the retiic mcnt from office of a Minister whose policy had biien productive of so much discord and dis- content throughout Australasia. (Hear.) And ejaally gratifying was it to recognise the con- st itency with which thc colonists maintained tiose great principles which had been enun c'a.ted at thc lirst meeting for the dis c--mon of Uon in 1846 ; again reiterated at the great meeting un the Circular Quay in 1849, and now again repeated with equal fer fervency in 1852. (Loud cheers.) Not sud- denly nor easily had tite colonists triumphed. They had had difficulties of no mean character to contend with, and which were aggravated by the blind obstinacy and perverseness of Earl Grey. But the goodness of their cause had at last prevailed. Victory was now un- questionably in their hands; and he, Mr. Campbell, did certainly feel it to be a matter ' for honest pride and exultation on his part that he had given his humble aid in thc great and Bacred work which it hnd been the mis- sion of the League to carry out. (Loud 'Cheers.) He was aware that anything which : his own efforts had been able to achieve in the cause had been but an atom in the scale. (No, No.) His health had been very indif lerent for some time past, and he did not possess those gifts of eloquence with which " others of his coadjutors so ably supported .-the high principles which they advocated. Weak, however, as he was in words, he wo* -firm in purpose, and he had always thought ' thatacts were better than words. (Loud cheers.) : He was happy to express to the meeting his sincere hope that the colony might repose confidence m the new Derby administration. (Hear.) One of the noble Earl's warmest adherents, Mr. Gladstone, \- had in a recently puBlished letter so ably exposed the fallacy of which certain op- ponents of the League had been guilty in ascribing disloyalty to its members, because they boldly defended the cause of morality . and virtue, and deprecated the wicked design which Earl Grey was bent in carrying out that of polluting this fine land with vice and crime of every grade. He shows, that hearty obedience on the part of the people, and firm rule on the side of the governing powers, are best attained by the union of the authority of all in the enacting of those laws which are to govern all; and that freedom and'authority must go together. The passage in Mr. Glad- stone's letter on this subject appeared to him, (Mr. Campbell,) so finely expressed, that, with the permission of tho meeting, he would read it at length : Miserable indeed would be tho prospect of the coming times, ¡if wi licllevcd that authority and freedom were , simply-conflicting and contradictory clements in tho eon ' aUtution of a community, so that wh >tov*r is given to the ooo must Ira deducted from thc other. But no Briton, who has devoted any portion of his thoughts to tho history of his country, or the character of its Inhabi- tants, can for a moment bo ensnared into that, for him, falso and degrading belief. It has been providentially allotted to this farourtd isle that it should show to all thc world, bow freedom and authority, in their due and ? wiso developments, not only may co-exist in the same body, but may, instead of impairing, sustain and Strengthen ooo another. Among Britons, it is tho extent and security of freedom which renders it safe to ontrmt large powers to Government, and it ls the very largeness of those powers and the vigour of their oxerciso which constitute, to each individual of tho community, the (treat practical safeguard of his liberties in return. Tho free expression of opinion, as our experience hag taught nu, is the safety-valve of passion. That noise, whon the steam escapes, alarms thc timid ; but lt is thc sign that wo are safe.- Tho concession of reasonable privilege anti- cipates thc growth of furious appetite. Itcgularity, com- bination, and ordor, especially when joined with pub- licity, lmvo of themselves a marvellous virtue. It ts a a great and noble secret, that of constitutional freedom, which has given to us thc largest liberties, with the steadiest throne, and thc most vigorous executive, in Christendom. I confess to my strong faith in tho virtue of this principle. I am deeply convinced, that among us all systems, whether religious or political, which rest on K principle of absolutism, must of necessity be, not in- dee.! tyrannical, but feeble and ineffective systems ; and that methodically to enlist the members of a community, with due regard to their several capacities, iii thc per- formance of its public duties, is tho way to make that eouiujunljy powerful and healthful, to give a finn seat to tts rulers, and to engender ii warm and intelligent devo- tion In those beneath their sway. 'Diese were the sentiments of an enlightened statesman ; and he, Mr. Campbell would, in conclusion, observe that the principle which . they involved was one that had actuated him in the part he had taken in cooperating with the members of the Australasian League. (Loud cheers.) Mr. G. A, LLOYD in seconding the motion, said that he had felt highly flattered at having boen requested to follow the honorable member for the city who had just addressed the meet- ing. Ho would in the first place bring under the notice of the audience a matter which seriously affected the wholo community.. . He alluded to the false statements which parties i at crested in - tho - perpetu»tion_of ...cony içtism were t»nti^aUj^*e4iding Jiome^to the con - .;- vincULmuautis^^AieJield [rï his baud ti-coyy^ of a late numberof the^&onrmi;íf"1^**^^^^ which he had received from London during the " last few days, and which contained an article abounding in tho most mischievous fallacies as to the working of the convict syftem in Van Diemen's Land. Here then was a journal re- garded in political and commercial circles at Some ns a statistical and mercantile authority of great importance ; and conducted t©3 by an influential member of the Of the House of Commons ; lending its columns to the purposes of the pro-transportation party in these colonies, and io assisting to destroy their best and vital ' .erests. (Hear, hear.) He would read the .ide, and then put it to the meeting whether the statement«) set forth hi it were true or false ? (Hear.) [Mr. Lloyd then read the article, commenting upon the chief points as he proceeded. The audience frequently manifested their disapproval of the doctrines, and denial of the facts, asserted by the writer, by loud expressions of dissent and anger.} It was as follows : - THB CONVICT SYSLEM IN VAN IHUMBN'S IAN». Thora is os great a dlfflculty as ever in disposing of our convicts, and providing fer their reformation. In the original design of transporting them there was much that was good, but lt was carried out so carelessly and (inprovidently, that it resulted in an immense amount of Mischief, and brought the system into disrepute. It was only n i turu), therefore, that the Inhabitants of New South Wales, os the emancipists and free cotoiitsts be- came tho most numerous, and when most of the advan- tages tho convict system could give them had liecn ex- tracted from ll, should combino to resist its continuance, favoured, too, by the glowing pictures of evil that party spirit ot home hod drawn nf lt. an Anti-Convict league be- came; in Sydney, the Capo of flood Hopc,and othsr places, . popular Instrument. > To rrotcst against contamination wa» at once so flatter!nrr to self-love and so promising for fatara morality, that yeti are not. surprised that tho l/MUjue was embraced by many who knew very little of th« bearings of Uie system on thc welfare of the colonie» Ho the Inhabitants of the Cap« stoppnd the admission of a tow hundred useful meu, who would have lessened their depcudence somewhat on tho Hottentot police, nnd boan la the present contest a powerful help against the Kaiiri, bo the inhabitants of New, South Wales rvmnn straUsl against convicts, amt now they Qnd themsckes, sine« gold was discovered, dcprlrc-d of tho labonr rr quired for many ordinary purpos«s,\which, having con- victs, they probably could bare commended. There ara fashions tn morality en well as In dress epidemics affecting popular fueling 8« well as the public túalMi i and lt WAS by no recondite and mystical sym- pathy, hat by the pl Ja and tangible wire* of the public riresi, that the epidemic against convMtlsm spread to Van Dianna's Land. Ia all communities there aro parsons on the watch to profit hy the Varying phases of tho popular feeling, and by running tefot» it, place themselws at its head. Tho persons wno most con- spicuously took this part in Van Diemrn's '-iJUd.ln the .ortypsxtof lost year were a Dissenting M¿" nitPd th« Bditor of a newspaper, rt wa« na^<-/??tB. ~ ? wording classes who had achlercä fros', -, «C., and b*** In thraldom, should beoprwíefí COWS, farming «»nTtr.t», who, it must bu granta,, »)e ^en on valu lAtiottr and lin«eur4 lt* re;' j ¿"ir_ r»v* wealth- and rou.^rtuimf,Jaa w "cory Osborne, and fund« were «.iwsi to /ra ; Charles Throsby, _^pn adJT>nUtlna¿ üiiy^d Mr. Statham, Pnr " -.*wy-*Sr--* ^Mr. HUI, Liverpool. -".tics will be treated 1162 1 want* of the colony aior th» public wishes, 1» erluer from tho fact, that while lt ww at Its height some shh vmn convicta arrived who wore eagerly hired, oven hy tl, K'ftîfi-'v*he ^3 "'C00"10' League. Tho agitation wo in fact, in Van Diemen'* Landa failure; the convict were required, and not a single person amongst the man ^denounced tho system* would give up ¡ts advai in England we have been told very ranch about th unpopularity of thc Governor of Van Dlemon's Lani but wc are assured, by residents there,-that when th League was at it« height, tho Governor raado a tou through tho settlement, and was every where receive with the greatest cordiality. In fa-t, tho violent lac guage of some of the leadors of the Anti-Convict Leagu hud disgusted many who were at first entrapped by sp« clous declamation, and they hastened to show thei "Kr having been deluded. The most respoctabl Mttlen, who were supposed to be the most Invoterat against the convict system, were the most for ward to fiatify to Sir William Denison their dlsapproba Hon of the proceedings or the League. Ue did no suffer from these party contention«, which, even in i lirgu community are bad enough, but in a small com mun ty, with but few objects to carry off superfluou vitality, are tho bane of peace. At Launceston, when on his tour, thc Governor WK met by a large body of tho Inhabitants, though thi weather was inclement. A dinner, at which J20 person! attended, was got up in his honour, while the Leogui with all its exertions could scarcely muster the fourtl part of the number. In tho centre part of thc island loo, tho Governor was enthusiastically received. On lil. return to Hobart Town, after tlvo weeks absence, he wai welcomed as if he had had come back a great conqueror An adiiroes of congratulation was presented to him signed by 1100 householders, and the public opinion wai taanifestedin a very striking manner against tho Anti t'onvict League, which has been represented here as en- joying tho support of tho bulk of tho people. We are Informed by letters from Hobart Town, dated September 3,1851, and October D, that the agriculturist« .there were very nourishing, and more convict* would bc oeceptiblc. There was plenty of employment for them. Wheat was at ten shillings tho bushel, and as lt was probablo that tho farmers on thc continent would bo un- able to obtain labour forgathering in their harvest«, tho people there must look to Van Women's Land for food. On tho continent, the HockmasUirs almost de- spaired of getting their flocks sheared or tended, and were airing person« In Van Dirmeu's I 1*nd for the purpose ; but tho farmers of this latter, from having assigned servants, were much at their ease, and were reaping many of the advantages of the dis I coverics of gold. A complete revulsion of feeling had ensued, "Hie Anti-Convict League was at a discount, and tile people were looking forward with great anxiety tn the determination of the Government at home, and with great hope that it might send them more assigned labourers. An unexpected change is said to have taken place amongst tho gold-diggers. Instead of spending their money, as in California, in all kinds of excesses, they hoard lt, and arc looking foiward to realising an inde- pendence or a fortune. It was immediately felt, when tho discovery of gold was announced, that lt would be followed by very Important effects; but nobody antici- pated, we believe, that amongst thom would bo an im- provement of the character of tho people, an increased demand for money, and a return to tho opinion thal convicts, under judicious management, could bo rendertd useful to themselves and valuable to tho colony. Stilt less was it expected that transportation should acquire a testimony in its favour, and be again recommended ns one of the best secondary punlshnents and best means of providing for criminals whom wo can neither adequately punish nor reform at home. Thus, continued Mr. Lloyd, it was that the colonies were belied at home. (Loud cries of shame and groanB.) The Venerable Arch- deacon M'Encroe had said that Earl Grey was politically dead, and in accordance with his erf ed he had stated his intention not to disturb the ashes of the dead. But he (Mr. Lloyd) must state his fears that his Lordship was not dead in the sense referred to, but was only lying by for a bit. (Hear, hear.) Ii was just possible that when the resolutions before the meeting arrived in London Earl Grey might be found once more in office. (Cries of no, no.) If so his Lordship would find th-it the Australian colonists owed him a debt of gratitude which they were determined to pay. (Cheers and laughter.) He had long been a thorn in their side ; they would now be a thorn in his, and in so for aa his (Mr. Lloyd's) humble labours in the good jausc could effect his Lordship, he should never have peace again so long as he lived. [Cheers.) The poet nnd described how from smoking flux a ñame might spread and de- stroy the country. Earl Grey had applied a torch to embers of discontent and discord in this colony which threatened at one time to have the effect of destroying its connection with the parent state. (Hear, hear.) Severance from the mother country md alienation from all our former relations therewith were not desired by Her Majesty's Faithful subjects in Australia. (Cheers.) They wished the colony to go on as an affec- tionate child, butas one that had arrived at mature age, and expected its parent to treat its wishes and desires with respect, and, if rea- sonable and just, with compliance. The wishes of Australia had hitherto beer, both reasonable and just, and if much longer treated with neglect and contumely would assuredly be demanded as a right. (Loud cheers.) ~ The Reverend lt. MANSFIELD, in sup porting the resolution, said, that inasmuch ns it was then ten o'clock, heknewthe meeting would pardon him if he did not occupy a full hour with his speech. (Laughter.) The predomi- nant wim in his mind was that there appeared that evening in place of himself, the Right Honorable Earl Grey. (Laughter and ap- plause.) He much wished that his lordship would face an Australian audience, so.that he might hear their opinions of his political and personal conduct. (Hear.) They need not rail, nor speak disrespectfully of dignitaries. Without resorting to discourteous or ungentle- manly terms, they might put it to his lord thip's candour to say what kind of man was he who broke his solemn promise, and violated his engagements, who had re- fused to do that which he had declared should be done, and did that which he had promised never to do. (Loud cries of hear.) There was no occasion to use strong language. (Hear, and laughter.) But they might ask the noble lord what that mon was who is not honest ; why does not speak thc truth ; who bears false witness of worthy men ; who steals his neigh- bour's property ; who tramples on his neigh jour's rights ? (Loud cries of hear.) They nigh ask him what that minister was who be- trays the confidence reposed in him by his Sovereign, sows the seeds of disloyalty in valuable though distant territories of the' jmpire, and alienates tho affections of his Royal mistress' loyal and dutiful subjects? [Hear.) And if the noble Earl answered these luestions truly »nd candidly he would pro luce a pretty Ml length likeness of his own jharacter, which the colonists would do well to havo framed and glazed, nnd hung up in the hall of the Legislative Council of thc colony, is a warning illustration, for the guidance of their children and children's children, of fear- ful errors which are to be dreaded, depre- cated, and denounced. (Prolonged applause.) With these remarks ho would wish Earl Grey and the meeting good night. (Loud cheers.) The resolution was put and carried by ac- clamation, after which three groans for Earl Grey were called for and given with alacrity. Mr. PARKES, who was received with much applause, observed, that the resolution, the moving of which had been entrusted to him, was really an important one. If not a decla- ration of war, it was a defitdtion of the limits within which men could adhere to peace. Before offering the few remarks he had to make he would read the resolutio i : That this meeting, while BOlomnly denouncing the continuance of transportation to any of these colonies os Incompatible with the permanence of British rule In Australasia, earnestly protests against their Innguagu being represented os that of wanton defiance, or of antl liritish feeling ; prompted aa lt ls by a deep conscious- ness, that In their caso thc sense of oppression is Im- pressed in the very proportion in which those feelings, which ar» a Briton's noblest heritage, gain strength among the colonists ; and, that if th« fatal alternative should continue to bc thrust upon them, of choosing lietwecn llritlsh connexion tn nam«, and an unsullied British character in fact, lim dictates of principle, and the onward course of events must, before long, lead to tho preference of the latter at any tacri/lct. It would be admitted that the substance of the resolution was deeply important, that the j topics to which it referred were sufficient to ! carry the mind away to more eventful times, to the bright issues of what was now dark and gloomy and discouraging around them. That discussion would open up a field of vast speculation, into which, even if he had the ability, he had not the time to enter. On a resolution possessing so much importance he would, however, make ono or two rcmaiks. In the first place, it called on them to de- nounce the continuance of transportation. Man, woman, and child, throughout the length and breadth of thc «olony, with very few exceptions, had a hundred time« over denounced transportation ; but that reso (intjori called upon them to denounce it as in One uf'i°'t- w*tR t^ieiX Prese,lt relation to the Four ditto besiY- They were all unanimous One ditto dittd^lLn8: VJ* we« to judge One ditto youths" ftrid* W delivered m One ditto worsted cc*rd trcKlfôr »» wluch they Two ditto best pilot clo-'hi coats1 «na«hnomi u? Two ditto serge drawers ' * *hould no Terms at sale. 'h Empire. j resolution of native turbulence and anti-British UcU which had most unmerited!)' been m against them. It showed they had a t British resolve to eradicate those seeds of < sension which would speedily lead to sepa rion ; and that they were not the unwori children of their British forefathers. _ Tl were the inheritors of no common patrimo: They were a people whose ancestors 1 planted a tree of liberty so universal its growth, that its off-shoots tra: planted to savage shores had sprii up and borne abundant fruit to the advanci nations of more than one world. Their lt guage and the spirit of their institutions h passed through the vast American contine from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and wi spreading civilization over tho rich and gi rious land of which these struggling coloni were the embryo peoples. They inheritec glory which belonged to no other rai and their highest duty and truest loyal to the British name, consisted preserving that inheritance unimpaired i ! their posterity. If they were loy I to their British privileges, they wo« j assert in the language of the résolu til I before them, that the continuance this monstrous system of convictism was ii compatible with the preservation of tho privileges ; and if it were pushed upon ther resistance would be necessary to vindica their character, at any price and at any sacr fice. That period had certainly arrived in Vt Diemen's Land. On a former occasion in tit: building, he had stated his belief that the tin had arrived in Van Diemen's Land for ti colonists to resist. But in the unparallelc circumstances of that unfortunate colony, si had no strength to resist. Thc same ever which had caused new streams of populatic to flow into these communities had he the effect of draining her of all soci life. Society as at present in Van Diemen Land was a thing stripped of its natural ene: gies. There was nothing left there now bu the Convict Government and its subordinal interests, which, in the language of the hot member for Melbourne, bound down the colon in a net-work of degradation. None ollie except the convicts themselves and a fe1 middlemen, who were anchored in the colon by their property, and could hot eszupe. j convict ships were again to arrive here, h contended it would be their duty to resist sue insult and oppression ; and in this spirit the denounced the continuance of the syetcn Therefore the distinct terms of the rcsolutio were necessary when speaking of such a fatt alternative. As other and abler speakers ha to follow him, he would move the resolution which had his hearty concurrence, withoi further remark. Mr. DENIEHY: This was coming to the point, and speaking like men. Prayer after prayer, petition after petition, remonstrance after remonstrance, had been made in vain. Out of this utter failure of a hearing for the complaint--of anything like a desire or inten- tion to redress their great grievance--this reso- lution had risen up, with the protest and the warning and the assertion of British manhood it contained. He had hearty pleasure in se- conding it. There was never a word of wan- ton defiance or of bluster in that resolution— there was nought of the braggadocio in it— there was no bullying. The resolution of the colonists of New South Wales assembled in public meeting, it was certainly the resolution of comparatively a handful of men, but it to- wered into monumental grandeur and solemnity in sight of the vast moral and social issues en- closed it, by virtue of the great question of po- litical liberty it grew out of. It would go over the Pacific, and find a response in every true British heart. It would speak to sturdy souls in every land, who by themselves or their an- cestors, having won freedom wore it, and knew its priceless worth. Wherever in the fireside circle, wherever in a family group one beloved face was wanting, one place of honour was vacant, because from that circle or that group relative or friend, man, woman, or child, had gone forth, as was hoped from the virtue and freedom of fatherland to the virtue and freedom of a Newer England--had sought in the fresh young Australian world a home and a reward for honest toil, —there the resolution this night spoken would find loving welcome. It would be received with kindly respect in the towns of Yorkshire, in the villages of Kent, in the mines of Corn- wall--it would find echoes in the wilds of Connaught—it would go up joyfully on the heathery highlands of Scotland. No, no, the long distance the emigrant had journeyed from that fatherland of his, had not dulled the sharp old British feeling of resistance to oppression and injustice;--had not darkened or weakened or shaken his undying attachment to the puri- ties and sanctities of social and domestic life; \--had not dimmed his high appreciation of a spotless national character;--had not lessened his horror of crime and its grisly equipage of irresponsible tyranny and shame and torture. The presiding element in the feelings which that resolution expressed was thoroughly British, and would live and flow to the end of time in the Anglo-Australian and Anglo- American race. It would outlive the conquests symbolised by the red British ensign, which at this moment, when night was with them, gleamed in the rising suns of a hundred isles, streamed in the morning breezes of a hundred lands. And if the language of that resolution was not the language of anti- British feeling, equally distant was it from the language of wanton defiance. It expressed a great universal principle--the principle of freemen who had wives, and children, and homes--who had religion, and here a a country--the country of their nativity or of their adoption. That principle was one over which time had no decaying influence, for which tyrants, after all, had no fetters; and the form of expression containing it went on to warn, that if disregard so utter was perpetually paid to the passionate entreaties of peaceful and honest men, of true and loyal citizens, seeking to preserve what they more valued than life itself, then it became a duty for these citizens-- an obligation for these subjects \--to cry, "Up with the barricade, and invoke we the God of Battles!" The words of that resolution were rightly spoken by the injured and deceived artizan and labourer, who would see themselves beaten from the workshop and the pasture by an economy of degraded serf- dom. The words of that resolution should make justly the speech of the native of the land--of the born Australian, who saw all the radiant promise of his country left wan and blasted by the deeds of a Lord Grey, a Lord This, or a Sir Somebody That—fools who played with the destinies of a country yet to be one of the noblest and mightiest nations of the earth, knowing little, caring perhaps less, for the awful nature of the thing they toyed with. The great cloud of caste which had once brooded black and thunderous over the brightest moral and social seasons of the land had passed away: it would be the devilish act of the oppressors they now sought to battle with, to set it again afloat on the horizon darkening over generations yet unborn. There was one angle of sight whence this question should be more closely inspected \--it was as it concerned the native born. He (Mr. D.) was a son of the soil; he had been born in Australia, bred in Australia, educated in Australia; and it would require the pathos of angelic tongues to describe the feelings of every true-hearted native of the colony as he beheld his land and his children's land in the danger it then was. He, (Mr. D.), looking at the multitude around him, could believe that a majority of it consisted of individuals who had come from Europe. Should their circum- stances permit, they could at all events well return to the scenes of their earlier manhood and enjoy the fruits of their toil--far away from a hideous theatre of crime, and suffering and moral degradation beyond the water. Not so with him (Mr. D.) or his countrymen--they had no place to fly away to and be at rest; this was their home, their all in all; pollute it, destroy it morally and socially-- call back the byeword of Botany Bay which had been for- gotten among the nations, and what was left them? He was glad to see the concourse of Australian women there that night. It was a proof that the spirit productive of eight thousand signatures of females to an anti- transportation petition had not died out. As the prayer in fact of women against the re- sumption of white slavery in presence of chil- dren of theirs, whom they wished to see bred freemen, it might have claimed parallel with the memorable petition of the women of Eng- land for the abolition of negro slavery. This was a question—this of opposition to the re- sumption of transportation, more even of moral than of political importance. He trusted that the men of New South Wales would be true to themselves; there was his faith, and in that hope and belief, so far as this struggle was concerned, he had no fear for his country. Mr. WRIGHT supported the résolution. Should the mothercountry persist in penal trans- portation to Australasia, resistance would be- come not only a right but a duty ; and although postponed for a period, by reason of our present acknowledged feebleness, Providence would sooner or later point out the time when, and the manner how, and the means by which our deliverance might be accomplished. (Hear.) He would not again travel over ground winch had already been so well occupied by pre- | ceding speakers, but he might in the outset, i observe, that it was only by persistence, by re- ; iteration, by hammering, that they could hope , to make an impression upon the Parliament, and people at home (lieut) ; and it was only j by frequent communication with thc members ¡ of the League and thu public, that fresh | energies could be imparted to the Council of. the League here. (Hear, hear.) What then ( was their position, what their piospects ? And j although there was much to discourage and . depress, there was much, very mueh, to animate and elate. There was much to discourage and depress, since they found that the discovery of gold, which, it was predicted, would at once accomplish their emancipation, has proved a reason the more with their antipodean ru'ers for perpetuating penalism. (Hear.) This was no doubt a sad surprise, a disappointment to sanguine anticipations a blast to cherished hopes. Upon this announcement, the Moreton I Bay squatters and plotters met together, not indeed in secret, but in private, and hatched fresh conspiracies against their social well doing and well being. (Hear, hear.) These northern conspirators might be distributed into three classes, the knaves, the fools, and the halfwitted, or zanies ; the latter being a breed between the two former. (Hear, and laughter.) There were knaves who Though private interest skulks behind tho shield, Tis public good aloft in pomp they wield. > But the Moreton Bay conspirators were no such knaves, they did not pretend to - be prompted by patriotism-they did not " wield aloft in pomp the public good." They were too shameless for such hypocrisy. (Hear, hear.) They avowed and proclaimed that private interest was their ruling impulse -they did not disguise that com- pulsory and cheap labour was what they wanted (hear, hear)-tho labour of proba- tioners, of ticket-of-leave holders -of persons bound, if not to the soil, to the district, and amenable to the summary jurisdiction of the petty sessions at which they themselves pre- sided; these were thu labourers they wanted, and to obtain them they hang together, as, indeed they ought to hang together. (Cheers and laughter.) As to the fools, whether they were landlords or no he did not know, but this he knew, that they had each of them one empty room to let, and that room an upper chamber ; (hear andlaughter) and that chamber likely to continue empty, not indeed on their hands, but on their shoulders, as long as they lived. (Laughter.) The third class were tho zanies or half wits, who had been thus well characterised by Dryden : Half wits are fleas, so little and so light, We scarce should know they lived, but that they bite. (Laughter.) They were short-sighted, shallow pated, silly huffs, whose thoughts and souls, rising no higher than their throats, resembled the man mentioned by Rabelais, who having been born and bred in a barrel, could only see out of a bunghole. (Laughter.) Such were the Moreton Bay squatters and plotters, and, if a score of such by privately meeting should depress, frequent and full public meetings like thc present should elate. (Cheers.) Another great ground for encouragement was this, that those who were formerly opposed to them the Moreton Bay squatters and plotters ex- cepted-now sought, in anticipation of their s-uscess, and with the certainty of their victory, to Pursue tho triumph, and partake tho gale. There could bc no better omen, of success, no surer presage of victory, than when enemies became allies. (Cheers.) But the greatest giound for encouragement and exultation was tho removal of Earl Grey from office. (Hear, hear.) Whatever might be the characteristics 01^ qualifications of his successor, uo future possible minister could prove so unalterably splenetic-so implacably malignant-so wil- fully false. (Cheers.) Earl Grey had inspired passions, and created antipathies, such as no colonial minister, since Lord Granville, had aroused (hear, hear) ; and it wa? his Lord- ship's luxury to revenge the resentments he 'had himself provoked. (Hear, hear.). The , admiration expressed by him for! those sainted sinners, longest sentenced men,; (laughter)--the compliment paid by him to that large proportion of our population which constituted the emigrant class (hear, hear) had been marked, and duly appreciated, though not very well digested. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) His lordship had tho frontlcss impudence to assert, " that the criminals now sent out, and particularly those under long' sentences," and, therefore, for the most heinous offences, " would be found to bear a very favourable comparison with the free emigrants." (Groans.) He upbraided those enterprising and true-hearted persons' who, having remained honest and free, had sought by emigration to better their condition, with the cruel reproach that the worst criminals would bear a favourable comparison with them (groans) ; and he consoled the worst criminals with the comfortable assurance, that they would hear á very favourable com- parison with the free emigrants. (Hear, hear, and groans.) The malignant mendacity of this assertion needed no comment ; ' he would only observe that honour is the birth- right of virtue, and shame oi vice. Earl Grey, however, scrupled not to depress virtue and exalt vice (hear, hear) ; he cared not to confound reward and punishment, emi- grants and felons, good and evil. (Hear.) When there, was such an utter confusion of tho dividine and distinguishing proper- ties of men's actions, that innocence was no longer valued as worthy and honorable, and guilt no longer looked on as shameful and opprobrious (hear, hear) ; when honor waited on vice, and shame ou virtue, .the terror of punishment was at an end, and religion and morality must fall to the ground. (Hear, hear.) Did the magasines of divine vengeance contain a curse adequate to the malignity of such wickedness, "Woe unto them," saith the prophet, " who call evil good and good evil ; that put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter ; which justify tho -wicked for reward, and take away the righteousness of the righteous from them. As the fire devoureth tho stubble and thc flame consumeth tho chaff, so their root shall he as rottenness, and their blossom shall go up as dust." (Cheers.) So much for their . present position. What then were their pros wets ? " The convict question/' says Mr, Robert Lowe, " forcibly enlists the selfishness of the gentry against you." Yes ! and for this obvious reason, that the patricians and squire- archy at home did not speculate on the causes of crime, or inquire how criminals were created, or care how many their penal policy made provided Great Britain got quit and shot of them. (Hear, hear.) Manufactured by the very penalties pretended rather than intended as a punishment, they are but solicitous to save themselves, and the property possessors, and tax-payers of the United Kingdom, the cost of coercing the crime, created by ignorance, neglect, and mis-government, propagated by ' confounding punishment and reward, and per- petuated by disturbing all moral distinctions. (Hear, hear,) To this end provided they were but got rid of it was no matter to them whether criminals were transported to Tartarus or to Elysium, to Dismal situations—waste and wild Regions of sorrow-doleful shades Or, to happy Isles Like those Hesperian gardens, famed of old ; Fortunate fields and groves, and flowery vales Thrice happy isles. Was it wonderful that persistance in such a policy should prove infinitely fruitful and pro ductive of crime? (Hear.) That criminals should increase beyond all bounds and measures. (JJear/y That tho multiplying vii lanies of nature should swarm ? (Hear, hear. New Holland might he saturated with felons without in the least diminishing their numbers at home. As Archbishop Whately had truly said, ''That to think of diminishing crime simply by removing tho criminal, without holding out an effectual terror to future offenders, is like undertaking to empty a lake without stopping up the river which flows into it." And if this were true before gold ' was discovered, what should be said since that discovery? Transportation was always a merely negative punishment, it had never been re pulsive, it indeed it had not been absolutely attractive ; (hear, hear,) but now it proved positive attraction, arid an absolute allurement ! (Hear, hear.) Not only were crimes now com mitted with the view of being transported, but criminals rebelled if they are not transported! (Hear, hear.J Witness tho recent revolt among thc convicts at Woolwich. What was it that stirred the felons up to Such a sudden flood of mutiny? They had been sentenced to transportation, am had not been transported. (Hoar, henr ) As thc impatient ghosts in Virgil, supplicated the surly boatman Charon for prompt passage across the Stygian Lake, so the impatient convicts supplicated the surly state scavengers for prompt passage across the herring pond. (Laughter.) Thick as thc leaves in autumn strew the woods, As fowls by winter forc'd forsake the fHoods ; Such And so thick the felon army stands, And press for passage with imploring hands. (Cheers and laughter.) For the first timi in the history of human societies criminal] were proposed to be punished, ant crimes to be prevented, by reward ! (Hear hear.) The discovery of gold demandée another reference of emphatic significance ' Gold was ordinarily a corrupter, for this i patpable reason, that prosperity, and par ' ticularly that prosperity which partakes of chance, and which is the product of fortune, is ever dangerous to virtue ; and although should gold accomplish our emancipation from penal ism, it might so far prove a purifier and a blessing-it possibly might, nay probably would, prove a corrupter and a curse. (Hear, hear.) Golden days were not fruitful of golden deeds. When riches poured in like a torrent or a flood, they did more mischief along whore they passed than good where at length they-settled. Tho welfare of a com munity depended far less on its physical re sources than ,on its moral elements. It . was not riches and prosperity, but poverty and hardships, which had trained the greatest and virtuousest patriots and the most heroic people "The question of transcendant imporumci (said Channing) is not what are our exports of our imports, but whether do we breed a noble race of men!" " It is perilous (said South) to handle full bags ; men may perish in the em braces of what they most loved, and be stifled by an overcoming plenty, -like a ship brinking home a rich treasurennd sinking with the weigh on its return." Aplethora of wealth was too com monly the precursor of a decay in public spirit and virtue. The people were the very re- verse of Jeshurun. When Jeshurun waxed fat he kicked ; when the people wax fat they cease to kick. (Hear and laughter.] Perhaps the best medicine for such political indifference and apathy, was to study th< history and institutions of the United States o Amènes. (Hear, hear.) The example of UH pilgrim fathers should be a lamp to their feet and a guide to their path ; (cheers) and,if they compared their present proceedings touching transportation, to these colonies, with the pro cccdings during the last century of those colonies which now constitute the United States in reference to the same grievance, they would be struck by tho marvellous coincidence, nay almost absolute identity, (hear, hear) ; and although their regret might be increased by the additional proof thus afforded them, that rulers never learnt wisdom from experience, it might be diminished by the recollection that similar antecedents were always followed by similar consequences. (Cheers.) Not that thi comparison was made with the view of inciting the colonies of Australia to imitation, it was instituted but for the purpose of inducing our rulers to take warning..(Hear.) "For the thing that hath been is that which shall be, and that which is done is that which shall be done, and there is no new thing under tho sun- is there anything whereof it can be said ' see this it new ?'-it hath been already of old time which was before us." ( Cheers. ) Thc resolution supported did not breathe the language of menace or defiance, (hear hear) ; denouncing the continuance of trans- portation to any of theso colonies as incom- patible with the permanence of British rule in Australasia, it declared their determination tc obey the dictates of principle and tho com- mands of duty, rather than the promptings of attachment and the impulses of affection ; it avowed their, preference of unsullied British character to polluted British connexion; and it pointed ant the sacrifices such preference must : in tho onward course of events compel them to make. (Hear, hear) Great objects could '. only be achieved by great sacrifices, as well as by great deeds. (Hear.) Colonies were cradled into independence by wrongs. (Hear, hear.) Now that they had become Austral- asia Felix, they should cease to be Australasia Supplex. (Hear, hear.) It their wrongs remained unredressed, they should imitate the example of their brethren of the United States. (Hear, hear.) If their prayers, like the prayers of the pilgrim fathers, proved unavailing, they should cease to supplicate and begin to dictate. (Cheers.) It was not until the parent pushed it off, that the young eagle commonly quitted the warm luxury of the nest; but if driven off by danger - if flung off by the tempest-if forced to fly upon peril of perishing-the eaglet would emulate the parent bird. (Cheers.) Nature has done her part for them, she has indeed been most magnificently bountiful to them ; she had kindled the spark and sown the seed ; had given the firstdraught, and traced thelineaments of beauty, and strength, and greatness, and grandeur. And whilst other and older colonies were climbing and panting to get up the hill, Australasia had been suddenly placed at tho very top by the discovery of that mineral, which constituted at once the marrow of her back- bone and vertebras, and the sinews of war. (Cheers.) Let them then lift up their hand to Heaven, and swear that This continent, of spacious heaven, adorned With plants, fruits, flowers ambrosial, gums and gold., should cease to be thc cess pool, and common shore for the criminal feculence and excrement of the empire ! (Cheers.) Mr. EDWARD HUNT moved the fifth re solution, That the three preceding resolutions be embodied in an address, to be signed by the President on benalf of the meeting, and that, such address be transmitted to the Governor-' General with the respectful request that hil Excellency will be pleased to forward the same to the Right Honorable tho Secretary^ of Statt for the Colonies, for presentation.-This rcsó.j lution afforded ample material, embracing as it did the three preceding resolutions, for a verjr lengthened address ; but those resolution!, I when put together os proposed by this, were io expressive of the feelings of tho Australiaa colonists, in regard to the injuries under whici thev were suffering, and ut the same time, if their as yet unabated and unaffected loyalty to Her Most Gracious Majesty, and, moroovor, had been so ably, eloquently, and fully brought before the assembly by tho several speakers who had preceded him, that he was relieved from the necessity of inflicting upon them a lengthened speech at that advanced hour. Why it was nothing but their loyalty, which some persons had laboured io incessantly to impugn, that led to the calling of the present meeting. Loyalty was a feeling, a principle, not to be found in the breast of slaves, such os Earl Grey wished to make them, and wished it because he himself ii a (leBpot. The character of the colonists, and of their children, as had been shown this own- ing, were bound up in their determination to follow up this question until it shall have re- sulted in the undertaking by thc Home Government, that not only sholl convicts be no longer sent to these shores, but until the sister colony of Van Diemen's Land shall no longer bo polluted by tho contaminating stream. When that shall have boon accomplished, they will be enabled triumphantly lo exclaim, " We have successfully befriended those who vero i unablo, by reason of their weakness, to be . friend themselves," Hp would not detain them i longer, but would conclude hy expressing his 1 delight nt thc unanimity and earnestness which \- had pervaded thc meeting, from which ho ) would not have been absent for any amount of i. pecuniary consideration. (Cheers.) B ftOWAND RONALD, Escj., jj?, seconded tho, resolution, which was then put from the chair andrunanimously carried. ï> ; Tito PRESIDENT called upon tho meeting for three cheers for tho Queen, which . was re- sponded to in real British style, with one cheer more; and the meeting concluded. A groan was demanded for Earl Grey, after which the multitudes quietly dispersed. 