A STRANGE STORY. Agnes B., being nt thc timo eighteen years of agc, was Irring as a servant in a small inn at ijndenheim, her native placo. Tho host and hostess were quiet old people, who generally went to bcd about eight o'clock, whilst she and tho boy, tho only other servant, wore expected to sit up till ten, when they had to shut up tho house and retire to bed also. Ono evening, ns tho host was sitting on a bench boforo the door, there came a beggnr requesting a night's lodging. Tho host, however, refused, and bade him seek what ho wanted in the village, whereupon the man - went away. At the usual hour the old people went to bcd, and the two sorvants, having closod tho shutters, and indulged in a little gossip with tho wateh«s*vi, wcro about to follow their examplo, when tim beggar carno round tho corner of the neighbouring street, and earnestly entreated them to give him a lodging for the night, since he could find nobody that would take him in. At first, tho young people refused, saying they dared not, without their master's lcavo ; but nt length the entreaties of tho mau prevailed, and thoy consented to lot him sleep in tho barn, on condition that, when they called him in tho morning, ho would immcdately do part. At threo o'clock they rose, and when tho boy entered tho barn, to his dismay ho found that the old man had expired in tho night. They wero now much perplexed with tho apprehension of their master's displeasure ; so, after somo consultation, they agroed that the lad should convoy tho body out of tho barn, and Iny it in a dry flitch that was near nt hand, whero it would be found by tho labourers, and excite no ques- tion, as they would naturally conclndo ho had laid himself down thero to die. This was dono, tho man was discovered nnd buried, and thoy thought themselves well rid of the whole affair t but on thc following night was awakened by tho beggar, whom she saw standing nt her bedside. Ile looked nt her, and then quitted tho room by tho door. " Glad was T." she says, " when tho day broke ; but I was scarcely out of my room when tho boy carno to nie. trembling and pale, and before 1 could say a word to him of what I had soon. he told me that tho beggar had been to bis room in tho night, had looked nt him, nnd then g ono away. IIo said ho was dressed as when wo had seen him nlivc, only ho looked blacker, which I also had observed" Still afraid of incurring blame, they told nobody, although tho apparition returned to them every night, and although they found removing to tho bed-chamber did not relievo them from his visits. Hut tho effects of this persecution be- came so visiblo on both, that much curiosity was awakened in tho Tilingo with respect to tho Causo of tho alteration observed in thom ; nnd, at length, tho boy's motlier went to tho minister, requesting him to intcrrogato lier son, and en- deavour to discover what was preying on hts mind. To him thc boy disclosed their secret ; aud this minister, who was a Protestant, having listened with attention to tho story, advised him, when next ho went to Mayencc to market, to call on Father Joseph, of tho Franciscan con- vent, and roíate tho circumstance to him. This ndvico was followed, and Father Joseph, assnr ing tho lad tho ghost could do him no harm, re- commended him to ask him, in the name of God, what ho desired. The boy did so, whereupon tho apparition answered, " "Xe aro children of mercy, but I am a child of evil ; iti tho" barn, under tho straw, you will And my nionoy. Take it, it is yours." In the morning tho boy found tho money accordingly in nu old stocking, hid under tho straw ; but having n natural horror of it, they took it to tlioir minister, who advised them to divide it into throe parts, giving ono to tho Franciscan convent nt Majenco, another to tho Reformed Church in tho village, and tho third to that to which they themselves belonged, which was of tho Lutheran persuasion. This they did, and wcro no moro troubled with tho beggar. 