Trifles to Smile At. An. Informer Outwitted.-TUe liristol Gazette shows how a coachman outwitted an in- former. " The driver of a conch which journeys between a distant city and Bath, lait week rrcvived a hint from the ostler of an inn in the »uburbs of the latter city, that a common in- former was teated on the roof of Iiis coach. Conscious that he had exceeded his licensed number, the knight of the whi|> resigned the ribands to the ostler, and hastened to the magis- trates, laid an information against himself, wat fined £5, and received back one half (£2 10s.) at the informer's fee. (-treat was the chagrin of the common informer on pretenting himself before the bench, for a summons, to find that he had been forestalled.'' A Drowsy Hindoo.-A speaker at a mission- ary meeting at Gateshead, last week - reported in the Gateshead Observer-taid, drowsiness would occur in India as well nt in England. He remembered one Sabbath, observing an old gentleman named Abraham nodding upon hit mat ; lor the congregation had no sean ; the churches were withou: pew« : every one sat upon the floor, or rather mats, ile stopped,and said. " Well Abraham, what do you think of that P" Abraham's neighbour nudged him, and he sat bolt-up, with a vacant look. " What do you think of that, Abrahnm P" he repeated. Abra- ham, passing hit hand over hit face, and looking very intelligent, (for a Hindoo waa never " caught napping,'*) blandly replied, "Perfectly clear.'' (Laughter.) He did not feel inclined to let liim off so easily ; to asked him next, " What is perfectly clear, Abraham P" The patriarch politely rejoined. " What you were so justly saying, Sir." (Laughter.) Still not satisfied, he put the question, " And what wat that, Abraham P'' Abraham then repeated what he had heard 3ve or ten minutes previously, before he fell asleep. /.ove.-A swret contagion which attacks people with great severity between eighteen and twenty-two. Itt premonitory tymptoms are tight, ruffled shirts, ringlets, heart' grease, and whiikers. It feeds on moonlight and ilutes. A perton being asked what a ghost said tn him which he pretended to have a»en, answered, " How should 1 know what he taid f I am not skilled in the dead languages." Mother and Child are Doing Well.-The following mot of the Due de Broglie, the other day, it going the round of the salons of Paris ; itt wisdom it equal to itt wit i- .. L'Anarchie rat j accouchée de Despotisme- La mere et 1'enfant te fortent bien." i A ir«f*an»fin.- At the Denbighshire Attizet, ' tho other day, one of the witnesses rather astonished the Counsel, by replying to the question whether he had drunk enough cierto to make him drunk, that he had only three hanner pints, The learned gentleman fancied that he had said three hundred pints. " Hanner " In Welsh means " half" in English, A young man In Barnwell, withing to get married lately, and not having money sufficient to pay the fees, wrote to a person at follow« : - " 1 humbly beg your parding for taking the liber ti of riten ou this ere matter. At 1 nm gocn to get married on Krismng da-the lord Spater us Booth i ev tren The liberti to axe you | for A trifel of 2 ibileut and <$ pent to Make the munney Hup." The following verdict was given and written by the foreman of a Coroner's jury, at -- : " We are of a pinion that thc deceit met with hir death from viulant iiifirmutiun in the arm productt from tum unoan cauco."- lledfurd L Times. t Sicknamt for the Present Ministry.-The prêtent Ministry ii tn full of Lnrdi and Noble Protectionist!, that it lint been christened the j "(High Bre(a)d Miniitry.'1 - Punch. The Cornwall Gazette hat a story of a matter of a Maltese Vessel, married to a young perton of Falmouth, who wat dttained In a Greek port by the blockade, at the time of hit wife't confinement ; he to diiliked the thought ot th« little one being a Greek, that a Union Jack wa« landed and wat substituted for the counterpane of the bed. " In spite of the locality, therefore, Il wat undeniable thal the child waa born under the British flag." The Globe givet a ben-mot of Mr Pitcatory. " In Louii Philippe'« time,*' said Mr Piscatory the other day at a dinner of the Ely tee Bourbon, to his dear friend Brougham, " Guizot and I uied to row in the same boat ;" at which the noble convert to detputism obterved, " Aye, aye ! but not with the same sculls !" Curiosities for the Museum.-A boot on tho " last of the Mohicans." A ihirt tleeve from the arms of Morpheut." A barrel made of muiical slaves, Indian war hoop, and fountain heads. A nosegay, containing the pink of perfection, the /tourer of the family, and leaves taken at parting. A towel for wiping the/ace of the country. A fight between two striking likenesses. The exact amuuut that Marmion wanted Chester to change. An American on being atked how he liked the denuded statue of the Greek Slave exhibited at the Cryttal Palace, replied, " 1 reckon that where the wat railed cotton wat dreadful tcarce." " Look here, ma I" said a young lady, just commencing to take lesson« in painting, holding up a sample of her skill to her mother, " See my painting; can you tell me what this is P" Ma, after looking at lt same time, answered, " Well, 1 reckon lt'» a cow, or a rotebud ; hut I don't know which." 