THE TU SF. Potpourri by Xíiinrod's Ofco&t.; " A horso ! a horse ! my Kingrîom for n borne I" \- itualtptarg, !M '.hf. hurrirvî critical remark* on the forthcoming Draper's 1/eeling, Nimrod's Ghoul asíumed tho all-powerful editorial Wlit hot on further reflection il really appears BO absurdly singular for a " shade i-' iii« «ir" io make ilnelf PLVHAI., thal j now and henceforth il i ul rods, lo become FOO'tiotical. But «' it «nay mm out that ..'nina of hi* rcinarl» and allusion» on r*fiin« matif ti may Ive relher »Irung, it ls devoutly to be hoped thal ivo one will lake euch personal ofl>nce at his criti- cism* na to caute a »"AL!-(Uffer to Eton Greek Grammar,-PHI MT. DKVII.) Joking a»idc, however, thï Glinst taketh pen in hand, and saith as follow*, *' in propria persono "t- j Through my last wrek'» scribble I find that I have somewhat roused the attention of «fen of the sporting fratern- ity : though Tar be it from me to as.tert thal thc few spark« which may fulminate fruin my binni could endanger the setting oar Tun? io a blaze-yet from my cha-, racier ni n Spirit being a Kaye roving about (but mind, not necking too close an iülo-tiie-cy (oh ! ! I) with tsTcrn splints) I naturally have beard inquiries made as to '.who Nimrod's Ghost might ,be, and wbiti;, he' knew about epnrtmg affaira? Now thia, is the first . objtcl "i htivo in view in coming before-the public. .', it matters little who writes,' so lung M any auhject of interest Ja brought prominently forward and laid open to discussion ; for even" supposing that nrruiit Honteuse be produced, tlie very fact of the "exponte" would cause such satisfactory contradic- tion, that benefit must accrue to those iviio " HUN and read." There aro hundred» of things on my mind to »yj, jiûl being ia a thundering hurry at the moment of writingua* I am about «-tarting for the Weet of the gal- lant Captain's pack at Purramaila, my " dictum " must be very «.hort. ' Next week I will dilate further, and try my baud at a graphic description of the Meet, find, run, »pills, fcc., of my fust day with the Sydney hounds. The subject now uppermost in my mind is the so-called hurdle-racing in this Colony. Astounded was I t'i find oo enquiry that in a country taking so lii^h a st.'tid io Turf c"l»brity as New Smith ""¡..bs, piitit and rail fences ar? erected on the course, and nick-usmed Huidles. Now, in natue of sober reason, why, in th«» fir«t place, have euch * munumer ; I and it» the second, «vhy euch an uusports maniikr n«BBtf sn'ua titr French have i;)? I W|iat )5 lb« obj'Ct of a Hurdle Rac*-? Te unite sp-vd, endurance, and lt «ping Abilities-is it toit Î Yet th« very MYI of doing th«! thing here prevents what *w originally intended. Hofaea cannot, with any safety to themselves ur jacki's, í'.nl¡op «iver stilT split timber fences : and til' consequence of adopting such on » courue always lia-» and always will lie proved lo remit in lian I ks, accidents, and ..vaste of time. The owner* of the best boise» will not chmce the damaging their pins against ranp'd lop-rail* ; and the liest 'ockle*, though not wanting vue CK, have too much judgment lo hazard (hair neck.« it» any event where the chance» mus: k«. a!r/5js against them. In S mth Australia the system is exploded ; and in the iimne uf reason lei us see wovn 4ft. hurdles at »he next Dröpers* Tally-ho £»tak'-s. Much more have 1 to as. y o-.i thi- subject ; bul this stint 1 at present open and close my this week's yarn. 