OUR TOWN INSPECTOR. A Town Inspeetor is like a -host--often heard of, seldom seen ; but when seen, very unpleasant to behold. I am not speaking of the personal appearance of our present Toan Inspector-his commmanding ?spect speaks for itself. I mean a Town Inspector in the abstract, anI if the re uler can see the definiteness of this distinction, he has keen powers of perception. It I remember ariglht, the office of Town In speclnr is of very ancient origin, dating as fir back as the second lavor.altv of Thomson the first--an epoch nearly flrgotten now--sullfi it fir the present that it preceded the Golden Ago. Front research it does not appear when a Town Inspector first sprung into Ceistence, or what I?e he has been sins. lBy some it is believl that a Town Inspector is self-created, or, at leoat born of ao accidental concurrence of circumstance, notoxplainad. The Corporation Act mentionsno such oflicer. The Police and Town's Act is equally bilent; hut except he he regard ld on a supplementary policeman "nuatLched,' I don't know what :o is. l'erhalts the best definition of a Town Inspector wouol be an "officer out of livery, who receives from the Co-poration a salary to make hi.i?slf unpopular." Atani events, if that i:e not the object, it s o co,:,litido that he ful.!s to tite uttertlost letter. Our first Tow: In;s.ter (who 1-lited with many other otliers to the Di.ins) like Lilo E.litor <f the Argus, Im: e an meolntuerab:o antilpathy to pigs; he in-e that ,lelp,.rt ert a i.rti cular study, and wori ,l wordeirs "::otn the swinish mulitulte. It was snti of him that he always had "a st in his ee." The second Towe Ins1ector did but little, atnd thbt little indifit'erently. [h was suteeedel bY the Iprser:t one, eing the thinl of the ,dnatstv of 'Ton [nsi'ctors, who Oar., thc osne nimositv to a packing ease, th at his ipredetssor bore toa pig. 'ihe to n inspector, arter sippiing his colie, perjtsestlmeF'-p'r, which like all other publio S!intlt;r:or;es, Ie nregard with becomin.in awe and reteronct. iT e re-~is that thICallinastn, barque, tas come in from Sydney, or the Cullitp1 , brig, firtm Hobart Town. "' YVervn d o !" says the towe: ins-tce':or-" I must In on the look oat-if the ea Rtins be not fniled h the Custom IHose o:ner for b:in;ine passegers, antl the eansi ::es. escaphe he po icemen at the wharf--nithoe being mt'cted fo- lsaving their goods too long th?rc; l':i b1 on the 'lookout? to uncee on their ck c ges i' r atbdructing the path-wa'. If they escapo te gvevormrnt, and the police,-it is my dutry as a eorp)raioun otlicerto snap them up. If psneng-.rs were alloadl to be brought here, es to other places, if facilities for the e hareation ofgoods iwere tfierdetl, and ample time for a trele mal to remvo annd unpack them- the conneqnene3 wont dhel Jrelfdl-impedi meets :re i:.rcessare, or the public woull get i plethoric with plenty, and an o~easional flue, or two, acts as bheelfieally as phlelottomy. Stme body must be finid, or what is to become of a town inspector?' The town inspector sallies forth stick in hanl, and tirmenndes op and ,town the chief thorongh f.tre, his best chanc hbeing with the busiest tradlesmen. lie notices the drays draw n p from the whalres, and deposit their packages oplt mite the consignees. The town inspector walks up, and demands to know who the packages belong to-and then orders their removal. "ImpossibleJ ! sas the tradesman-- can't re move them now, my shop is fill of customers it's the busiest time(' of tithe day." "Yoea . aist'take them in the back way ' "It cian't be done, the back premnises are flooded, by the alteration in the [lvels by the Corporatiton Surveyor. The carters refuse to attempt it." \\\ell i you must not obstruct the thorougta iro. A blind man might tumble over those packing cases, or a child run against the corner of one of them. If the law le ivsad'-.l a;th impunity, we shall have servants betting carpets at the front dootr-posts, men ridilng on horseback to go shop ping, boys fling k;tes on the pathway. and play int I",-top at people's toes." " Wel ! all that may he trao; but I can't re movo those boxes from where they are, for the presnt,-I must unpack them first." The Town Insp?ect r find the packing cases in the same position in the evening, takes out a summons. The tradesman can't help himself and is finled. Noa comes a serious comideration-a question that will shake Ceelong to its foundation---a por tentous question asked on behalf of tile bur ghers of this town : 11hat is the Town Inspector The town inspectorship, as already shown, is a hybrid office, nroweig ?out of the Police Act. just as the roissletoe gr?as from the iak or aplpletr'e -everybody wondleing, and nobody knowing, how it t theret; indeed, so great is the uncer tainty, even among the Corporatioo, that one of its meambers intends to submit to the Council, that the Town Inspector be " labelle," or wear a badge like the "jolly roung waterman," omni has conductors and casmen, at home; and further, flthat he wear a coeked hat and beef sieak'collar, and carry a .saff aith a gilt pine- apple at the top, and be compelled to attend upon his worship I the 6ayor when sitting on the bench--fh Chief Constableon thionesoie, the Town Inspectoron the other, like Go(g and 3?1gog in Guild hall. This is a consummation moet deroutly to be wishal ; and although it would not clear up the obscurity of a Town Inspector's origin, it would place him in a prominent and becomin" ivo 'ition ti . a corporation ofli.er. out a litte bidnl. Now it may be firly presrmed, that a Corporation does not appoint an officer, and pay him a larv, simply to aid and assist the ['olice in the executon of ftheir duties. The Corp ,ration is not rich enough vet to provide the Government with servants. ji.t tie writer of this ;.umb:e article ask, if teC Town Iaspector shlip he self-supi?rtinin? at if so, if it be a seouce of revenue to the Coircration? The Town Llcetor is notan inf;nrmer, L'?tin'r "tfeor motions for the sa:e ofr minely of thei fi'es. Ex penses are incurred by the Corporation in the person of the Town Inssipctor v. unrgies?? ; does the Corporation pocket the fines-or the moiety thereo-;-and leave the residue to tier Majesty i The unncaritable say that the office was created for patrlnage, and is' perp-otlat'd for the sake of revenue, and tnat the Corporation pockets the "black mait" leGe.l ot tht'lThl,-khlnpet's titl, whilst the Town Inspectr lears all tha clitlnm. Poor fellow, I can lay my hand on my heart and say that I waouli not injure, no, not a single hair of his helad, or of his mo??stohes either; andi when lie appears inl Iis to'kedd-hat, and walks down Malop-street f:th his gilt pine apple staff, I'll do hin reverence. 