GREAT LEAGUE MEETING. A public meeting of the Anti-transportation League was held on Tuesday evening, at the Circus, York-street. There was a large atten- dance on the occasion, fully fifteen hundred per- sons being present. An interesting feature of this meeting was the presence of a considerable number of ladies, who lent their mild and graceful influence to the anti-transportation cause. The arrangements were somewhat different from those had on former occasions, being much more con- venient. Shortly after 7 o'clock the chair was taken by Mr. Cowper, M.C., President, of the League. The CHAIRMAN, who was received with much cheering, opened the proceedings by reading the advertisement convening the meeting. He observed that there was a novelty in the present meeting too interesting to be overlooked--he al- luded to the presence of ladies on the occasion. He was extremely glad to see the ladies favouring them with their presence, and adding additional grace and attraction to the meeting. On the last occasion on which he had the honour to pre- side at a meeting of the League in that place he was about to proceed to Van Diemen's Land to fulfil his mission as delegate to the Conference of that place. He had fulfilled this mission, and he must say that its result was most pleasing to him- self, and grateful to all the members of the League. He had not received, as he expected by the Shamrock, the regular report of the Confe- rence, but he was in possession of sufficient minutes to be enabled to tell them the result of the Conference. He would now call on the Secre- tary of the League, Mr. G. Wright, to read that must important document, the Report of the League for the last year. Mr. G. WRIGHT then read the Report of the Executive Board of the League, and also the Supplemental Report. The CHAIRMAN: Tho Conference took place on the 20th April in Van Diemen's Land, and in consequence of attending the former meeting at this place, for the purpose of expressing con- tinued sympathy with the Tasmanians, and thus delaying his departure, he was not in time to be present at the first sitting of the Conference. He found that there were upwards of eighteen gentlemen from neighbouring colonies present, including the delegates from Victoria. He did not arrive at Hobart Town until the 5th May. No words could express the warmth of feeling and the hospitality with which he was received and treated from the moment of his landing, and during the whole time he stayed in the island. (Cheers.) He walked in procession to the Conference, and he was engaged in a banquet there, associated.with the noblest and most high- minded individuals it had ever been his lot to fall in with. The Conference lasted until the 12th May. It would be too tedious to detail all the proceedings at the various meetings. Several matters of vital importance were decided upon, and several questions, which were the subject of discussion, were referred to the Executive Board of the League, and he might mention that so well pleased were they with the manner in which the Board had conducted the business of the League, that they passed a vote of thanks to them, and appointed the same gentlemen to act for the en- suing year. They also agreed that a Petition embodying all the Resolutions of the Legislative Assemblies in the several colonies on this subject, should be prepared and signed by himself to be laid before the British Parliament and her Ma- jesty the Queen. That Petition had been printed, and they had no doubt, all read it with interest. He was quite sure that it was impossible to peruse these matters without feeling the deepest interest in them, and appreciating their full im- portance. There was another point to which he would call attention, and that was, that they should increase the publicity of their petitions and resolutions much more than hi- therto. (Cheers.) They should increase their ex- pense for advertising in the papers, and by bringing their grievances pro- minently before the British Press to let our friends and the public in England know what we were doing, and which was the most eftectual way of helping us in these colo- nies. Also, that stated Reports should be made from various districts which would show that the anti-transportation cause was gaining ground in Van Diemen's Land. This was of importance because the employers of labour in that island undergo much suffering from the want of labour, for he would tell them that so great was the dis- gust and dissatisfaction among the people, that they would not stay, no wages would keep them. The horrors of convictism drove them away. Thus on the one hand, they had transporta- tionists crying out for convicts to supply the want of labour, and on the other they found that this system of transportation was the chief cause of the scarcity of labour, by driving out all the free persons. The largest employers of labour, and the most influential men, who ought to know best, were of the latter opinion, and they de- clared unanimously, that so long as convicts con- tinued to be sent to Van Diemen's Land, labour would always be dear. He could narrate instan- ces of large employers of labour submitting to great pecuniary loss rather than employ the men transported by the British Government to that colony, and one chief reason in many cases of this was that their employing these men would have the effect of driving away their best ser- vants, for they would not work together. It was resolved in the resolutions passed, that petitions from the various bodies should be addressed to Parliament, as it was necessary to ultimate and speedy success, that a continual agitation should be kept up on the subject, and now, more than ever necessary, seeing the misrepresenta- tions that were abroad, published even in the leading London newspapers. In the Economist, a journal of talent and influence, not only was the discovery of gold re- garded as no reason for discontinuing transpor- tation to these shores, but it was positively used as an argument for sending convicts hither, be- cause the colony would thus be supplied with abundance of sheep labour, which it so much wanted, seeing that the great bulk of the popula- tion were attracted to the gold fields. There could he no greater fallacy than this assertion about cheap labour. Convict labour was not cheap labour. If it was, how was it that inferior workmen in Van Diemen's Land were getting higher wages than superior tradesmen in this colony. When he mentioned this striking fact to his friends in Tasmania, many of those who were hesitating between transportation and no transpor- tation, abhorring the former, but thinking that their interests were identified with it, were very much struck with this fact, that wages, in New South Wales, were not so high as in Van Die- men's Land, although convicts could be procured from the Government at £9 per year. He begged to read them an extract in reference to another important matter:--"That it be submitted to the Executive Board, that in the event of an answer to the past remonstrances of the colonies from the Secretary of State being unfavourable, that a special meeting of colonists be convened in the province of Victoria, in or about January, 1853; that beside the delegates from the coun- cils of the League, each colony be requested to send to this assembly not less than ten persons, to be nominated through the councils of the League, in such form as they may deem desirable, and to consist of persons who have been members of the Legislative Chambers, or members of mu- nicipal institutions, or members of the Chambers of Commerce. That being so assembled they may concert such measures as may be consistent with the importance of the cause, and with the princi- ples of the British Constitution. That the patri- otic people of Victoria be requested to make such arrangements as may facilitate the business of this assembly, and the reception and entertain- ment of its members." (Much cheering.) They would thus see that their friends in Tas- mania were prepared to try every means in their power to get rid of this "clinging curse." What would be the result of this question he could not say, but at all events, until they saw that it was utterly hopeless, they should not refrain from adopting every means within their power to press their claims on the attention of those with whom rested the decision. Next, ns to tho financial .putt or thu question. Tho Finance Committee I were appointed to draw up a report, recommend- ing that tho friends of tho League, in England, ! should advertise extensively in the British news- papers, that tiley should open nu ollico in Loudon and correspond regularly with a committee ap- pointed for this purpose ; vi/.., Messrs. Henty, M'lCiurion, Button, and Dowling, aud that this committee should report to the li'huuicial Board ho would rend tho report :-t¡ It ap- pears that tho 20 por cent, contributions to ' tho Executivo Board of tho League will amount for 1852, to (say). £500; namely, £100 . Sydney-£180 Victoria-£120 North Tasmania £30 Midland-£70 South Tasmania. _ lt is pre- sumed that of this amount, £200 will be sutli . cient for tho expenses of the Exeeativo Board, which will leave £300 applicable for remittanco to London. We consider, huwever, that at least £500 to £(!00 should bo remitted forthwith to the Loudon Board for local expenses of an office, Sec., to moot which, wo recommend that un addi- tional contribution bo made by each Board, say of Um per cent, on their collections. This will yield from Sydney £50, Victoria £00, Launceston £60, Hobart Town £35, and Midland £15. This sum, with tho £300 referred to, would make £550, to bo placed at tho disposal of tho London Board. Tho Secretary of the London Board must bo paid by the Sydney and Tasmania branches-Victoria having to maintain an agent of her own appoint- ment. Sydney will contribute £100, Launceston £120, Hobart Town £120, Midland £60. Should this recommendation be adopted, thc contributions of tho several branches would bo us follow : Melbourne and Geelong .. .. £270 Sydney. 250 Launceston . 300 Hobart Town." ..- 225 Midland. 105 £1,150 Expenses of Executivo .. £200 Loudon Board . 550 " Secretary .. .. 40U--£1,150 Wo further recommend that tho romittaneo to London of the Secretary's salary, and the Board expenses should bo made immediately, so great a portion of tho year 1852 having now passed away ; and, in order to facilitate the transmission, wo re- commend that caoh branch council make their re- mittance direct to London, reporting thc sumo to tho Executivo Board in Sydney, whou transmit- ting tho contribution towards tho expenses of tho Executivo Board of tho League. With respect to tho salary of tho London Seorotary, we find that for 1851, the Van Dieinen's Land branches wore oxpeotcd to bear this expense, and that in con- federation tho conference agreed that tho 20 per ccut. payment to tho Executivo Board for 1851, should hot bo paid by tho Vim Diomon's Laud brauches. Wo find further that £300 of this amount was remitted by tho Launceston brunch to London, and that £100 remains duo to tho Secre- tary for 1851, which amount should bo remitted immediately by tho Hobart Town and Midland branches. We recommend early attention to all thoso matters, and request tho Secretary to tho Conference to communicate this report mid its recommendations to tho councils of the Longue mid tho Exeoutivo Board as emly as possible." This was a mnttor ol' chief interest mut import- ance. Ho had travelled throughout thu colony of Van Diemcn's Land on tho occasion nf his late visit, und every whero ho was most gladly and kindly received ; everywhere tho gratitude of thc pooplo to their friends in Sydney was ex pressai in tho strongest terms. They wero indeed u peoplo well worthy of what they did for thom. They felt that without tho assistance ol' this colony they woro nlmost helpless. They had to contend against a most foriuidublo army of diffi- culties. They hud to struggle ngninst tho worst oncmic.s thoy could have, thoso amongst them- selves, whoworo in favour of trunsportution from interests of gain or prejudice. They had a strong government party with which to grapple, and tho interests of tho gront employers of labour wns in some measure directed against thom. Worso than all, they had a fieroo and unscrupulous Press leagued* with tho enemies of tho colony in a sup- port of couvictism. Mo wondor thut at limes they felt depressed and disheartened, mid that they looked with gratitude to thoso who proffered them assistance. To tho inhabitants of this colliny they looked for support in thc arduous batt iii they wero .lighting, und ho' wus sure that tho people of Von Diomon's Lnnd would not look in vain. (Great cheering.) At the first mooting oí'the council of the League which lie at I ended in Melbourne, their Melbourne friends nnd coad- jutors expressed themselves in the wurmest terms of Van Diemcn's Lund. They as!;ed engerly how could they help them. If the convicts were binded at Melbourne hy shipload)), as at Tasmania, they would tuko gond cure that they should souu ho prevented. They could not, however, help their suff-ring friends in Van Diemcn's Lnnd that, way, bat if they wanted money, if that would , he of any rise to them, they should receive thc I most lilii-rul assistance. (Cheers.) The inhabit- ants of Victoria were fully alive tn the fact that they were suffering as much, if not more, under the evils of convietism than the Tnstiintiiaiis themselves, for they knew that their rich, gold fields nt traci cd tho worst nnd most abandoned characters from tho neighbouring colony. They might conceive something of the social condition of Van Ulemen's Land, when bc informed them that out of a population nf 7(>,OflQ persons, full 20,000 were convicts, and of -l-l li constables :j:j2 wer» convicts-pence officers of thc colony. Hu could state also thnt the conduct id these constables to the respectable inhabitants, and especially to the females in that colony, was -ueh as to produce feelings of the deepest disgust and abhorrence. The system was injurim; them in every way, and thoy were morally ami socially entrammelled by this curse ol' convietism. Why at the present momentthero were 8U0 nhsenteei from tlie convict establishment* of the colony ; and let them observe,,the government admitted that they did not know where these convicts were, To prevent the escape of convicts, nil vesseh leaving tho colony were searched, nod tho pas- sengers underwent a strict examination, lt re- minded him of tho olden timo in this colony, when he was wont to bo ashed what ship ho arrived in. But this was not the - worst. When lie wus leaving Van Diemcn's Land, on his return, al- though thc captain signalled that he wished to put atoneo to sea, and a fair wind was blowing, he was compelled tu drop anchor, and to wait until 8 o'clock tho next morning, when tho day was well aired, for the arri val of tho police to'muster th« passengers, and to search the vessel. This was one specimen of the evils under which that island groaned-evils which wore on the inórense from this dreadful systdin.- Ho remembered the re inarks made six years ago by a geiitleiiinn, who had addressed them on this subject, tho I {ev. Mr. Saunders, who had then recently travelled through Van Diemcn's Land, in reference to its social condition, and those remarks were strikingly corroborated by his own experience. Nu one who had net visited that island could properly conceive or understand the numberless evils and annoyances which «eró at- tendant on the systom of transportation. When he informed them, ns ti fact, that thc men pos- sessing the largest property mid the greatest-in- fluence were associated against this system, and felt anxious for the assistance of their friends in this colony, and grateful that such assistance was rendered, they could have some iden of the intol- erable evils under, which their friends in Van Diemcn's Land groaned, in conclusion, he would inform that meeting that, as their representative, ho lind received tho most grateful reception from the people of that island, ns had also his col- leagues from Melbourne. Everywhere they met with treat mont which showed that bub one feeling of cordiality and gratitude was entertained to them ns representatives of the colonies which had sent them. r;. Tho Venerable the Archdeacon MOENCROB, (who,was received with great applause.) said They would excusé his coming forward thus un- ceremoniously. As ono of tho oldest members of the League, and ono of the first soldiers in tho campaign, ho would offer a few remarks. Al- though ho was a few months older than when they last met, and he addressed them from tho oppo- site side of tho Mouse, ho might truly say that be was fully twenty years younger. (Cheers.) On that occasion, he confessed that he felt downcast, but ho had changed places, mid ho was glad to say that others had changed places too. (Cheers.) As Dr. Grey was no longer their state physician tbore were hopes nov.* of their recovery. Although downcast, be lind told them on tho last occasion not to despond, that their cause was a good oue, and would provo eventually triumphant, and the news which had been received from home of thc down fal of tho Grey Ministry was a good earnest ol' their ultimate success. Ju congratulating thom on this occasion, he could not do so more appropriately than hy using t!.e Irish expression M«rf mille failthê. (Cheers.) Before lie pro- ceeded farther, ho would rend the resolution which bad been entrusted to him to move, " That this mooting cordially welcomes thc President of tho League upon his return from tile Conference at Van Diemcn's Land, mid bogs to convey to him tho expression of their thanks for tho gratifying manner in which he has accomplished dismission.'' Ile flittered himself that that ievolution would be carried by acclunintion. Their worthy Presi- dent had under!alcoa a perilous mid 'difficult mission, to carry tho war into tho verv heart of tho enemy's camp, and to assure their friends who were drooping and desponding at times under the difficulties which surrounded thom, thnt they had no renson to despond, that although for ii time they might ho downcast under tho threatening aspect of their social position, ii happier day would come, when nil the colonies would joiu in a firm and irresistible determination that thu sys- tem ol' transportation should ceaso for over, and would never desist until that determination was carried out. (Cheers.) Their worthy Chairman went to animate and encourage thu inhabitants of Van Diompn's Land, and having succeeded in doing this, it'iitlbrded him and them tho utmost pleasure to welcome him on this occasion. They knew that tho imputations which lind been cast that the Longue- was a dangerous, a disaffected, and a disloyal body, was not true. (Cheers.) They wishod to prevent disaffection and disloy- alty by consulting the best interests of thc colonies, mid ho wns satisfied that this would never bu effected until tho Homo Government hail censed lo send thc criminals of thu mother country to those shores. They wished to rid themselves oí a socinl infection, and tho surest way to do so was to prevent those who weru in- fected from coming among thom. Ifthiswasa question of preventing some contagious disease from spreading its ravages throughout the colony they would have nu Act of Council brought in to rouiedy thcevll, but when it was morely a social infection onr logishitors took good caro to puns bv on tho otherside. (Cheers.) in tho old con- vict times of tho oniony largo holders of sheep got an Act passed to prevent tho infection ol' their sound Hocks by diseased ones approaching thoir stations-that Act was known vulgarly as tho Scab Act. Now no ono complained of tho pas- sing ol' this Act, for lt was nt once seen that it was necessary to protect some healthy flocks from tho chance of infection ..merely by tho transit of diseased sheep nour the rims. Well, they had provided against this physical infection by Act of Council, and why not provide against tho far moro dangerous mid destructive moral infection from, which they suf- fered. They lind protected tho colonists against thu contamination ol' disensod sheep, and they should also protect them against that of convicts. They nil knew tho old saylug, that "evil com- munications corrupted good manners," (cheers.) They saw how tho suttlers had provided against infected sheep being brought near their nuis. Now, Earl Grey had not brought his infected Hocks directly into the run of Sydney, but he had into Van Diemcn's Lund, mid he wished to bring to bring them into tho Moreton Bay dis- trict, the ndjaoout runs, by which tho Hocks in the Sydney run would bo Hiiro to bo infected also. (Cheers und laughter.) Now, they wons bound to roinovo this contagion fruin their neighbour- hood by every rational means in their power. Hu was a friend to tho prisoner, mid hud always been so, and ho hoped that the Hume Govern- ment would adopt other means of reforming thoir criminals. And he hoped bettor things of tho Homo Govcrnmont in future-that instead of supplying tho convicts with gobion pills, they would administer to them BOIIIÜ more stringent and ellealual medicine, lt was ono of thu most ridiculous things he ever hoard of to bring con- victs into such a country ns this. Ho hud bonus from tho temper uf thu present ministry Unit they would nut supply their criminals with golden^ plums ns nu incentivo to lice mid crime. ~ Lord Stanley, now tho -Earl of Derby, mid Primo Minister of England, hud * said thnt ho would make transpor- tation worse than death. Now, he did not I go so far as that, but he certainly hoped that \- tlify would not send their criminals io gulden s pastures. Wich iv change of ministry it «ii*, f reasumióle Co expert a chango of measures, and i that thoso nuble colonies should not continuo to \' be inundated willi Hie refuse mid off.eouriugs , ol the mother uuuutry. He was uuxioiis to i pinino!e the cause of pence and of order > . in tho Colony, mid he vf us natiafiod thut those I i were the most loyal, who told the truth, ami 1 who, when breakers were u-head, gave the uluru) u ; mid kept a sharp look-out-who indignantly dc \- i nied the right of any Minister to force convida t on n people, in tho luce of a protest from fifty or t sixty thousand persons. II« had never before 8 heard or understood that a majority should stic r ! onmb to n minority. (Cheers.) If they found a t 1 Secretary of State listening to the opinions and j I the sentiments of five hundred persons, while he is ; shut his ears to those of thousands, they hud a I very good und just causo of complaint, lint let 3 I them never despair of having tho pollution ro- ll 1 moved. The a'ch-traltor had been removed, but 0 ; they would bo too magnanimous to exult over a f j falle i enemy. " litquieseut in paco." Let him i, rest in peace. (Cheers.) This system was not to s he carried on, in opposition to tho unanimous t wishes of tho Colonists, with the exception of u a miserably few Squatters, who wanted labour lo y tend their sheep for nothing 1-who wished the y majority of tho inhabitants to remain scabby s sheep. He hoped that this opposition would have ; the effect of producing a better system of coer 1 eilig conricts,-and of causing their reformation, i. lt was not from disaffection to her Majesty, that a he panie forward to express his sentiments on i- this most important subject He was loyal upon \- principle, and when hu took the oath of aíleginucc i at tho College of Maynooth, he hud bound him . self if ho discovered any plots against the State, s to divulge them. Kow, he hud discovered that \- one of her Majesty's Ministers was carrying on a t close correspondence with certain parties in the s Colony, and concerting measures whióh, If 3 crowned with success, would have tho effect ol' I weakening, and eventually destroying, tho ut e titchinent of the colonists, to lier Majesty's s Government. (Cheers and laughter ) JSow, un I humble individual like himself, had no opportu I nlty ol' going to her Majesty, and apprising brr \- of the pint against thc well- being of her doini :i nions-mid if he attempted to get introduced to . her presence, ho would in nil probability bo i apprehended on suspicion of being a Jesuit, bout 1 on some dark and villainous design, ir Ho must therefore, uso the means j at his command for telling his húmido 1 sentiments, that, if this correspondence were crowned with success, the loyalty ol' thu inhabit \- ants of these colonioi to her Majesty's throne i would be shaken. l)'ur better wu.s it to point out . where danger lay than to rush headlong on it. . What would thoy think of that doctor who, for I four of exciting apprehension, would not tell i when his patient was at the point of death, so s that he could mako hi's will and all his worldly \- arrangements before his death, but would allow i him to die unprepared, und with all his nfl"dis I in disorder ? They would not think of employing , that doctor again. Hut, like a good physician, it i was his place, notwithstanding tho cry of disaf . fection, to raise a waruiug voice in time, so that t things might bo put in order ; to remember that r there wero breakers ahead, mid that the nnaiii ) mons voice of tho peoplo must bo listened to. I Tho Longue was tho best possible friend to her Majesty. Tho members of it wished to see the vsssol of stu lo piloted safely on a prosperous [ voyage, not wrecked on the IOCICR ; they wished to seo the goods of life enjoyed in common, not P monopolized by individuáis.* In that agitation ( they were prompted by a patriotic desire to serve their country, not by any wish to excite disnf \ footiou or disloyalty. Those who stated so wero themselves thc disloyal and disaffected. Hu would " now conclude by tho Irish benediction which he t bud already quoted-cnuil mille faillite. (Pro- longed cheering.) ' Mr. JAMBS NOUTOX : It was alwnys a delight . ful task to acknowledge tho services mid hall ' the return of ono who had gono forth to do battle ! in their cause. Tho causo .undertaken by their ! ' excellent Chairman imperatively claimed the attention of this colony, absorbing ns it must ' do, every other sentiment, and he, in advocating , it, had a right to demand their most grateful k homage. (Cheers.) Their Chairman accepted , tho post when it WHB not entirely consistent wi til ^ perfect safety, when their now strongest advocates \ stood aloof, and whoo others liad not yet mude up their minds ns to whether tho cessation of ¡ transportation would or would not be for the t good of the country. Thoy had now gone on p stop by step, currying their causo beforo them, , till thoso » ho hud before been timorous, mid tho-e ¡ who had formerly opposed them, had nt last , joined their standard. Tho time hud come when ' numbers in Australasia, who hud formerly bjeu I most strenuously opposed to this movement, lind found out their mistake, and now acknowledged fearlessly and honestly tho obligation they were p under to tho originators o! this important uu ! dertaking. Mo thought thoro were hardly one , hundred persons in Now South Wales who were not entirely opposed to tho principle of trauspur , talion to these colonies. It lind aver beon found ' that tho most important revolutions have been \ thc least sanguinary, ending in tho calm consider L atiou of tho people, and without tho enormous sacrifices of right aud property occasioned by thoso most oppressive and violent ebullitions, so , often occur nug in franco. Revolution in this ! latter country is marked with u considerable dc , grce of ferocity, enduring for ages, no good result j ôvor being brought about, and iioithcr aro things placed ou a firmer basis. Tho revolution that must he wrought by tho peoplo of Australia must bo by mild measures, by persons deeply affected in thu welfare ol' their count ry and in the future j prospects of the rising generation. Thoro were persons whoso misfortunes in lifo possibly cx , eluded thom from expressing «their just mid natural feeling on this'subject, although deeply lamenting and feeling that wrong. This struggle for their moral redemption would, in after uges bu recorded in .history ns n noble instance of character in a young community, mid held up as worthy of imitation. (Hear, * hear.) He felt a SHU red thut England and Europe would hu pcr ] fcctly opposed to this forcible introduction of convicts into theso colonies if tho wishes of tho , colonists were well understood. When their condition ns nn im portant part of tho Hrilish territory wus thoroughly appreciated, they would lia thc _first to congratúlate them in thu course they woro now pursuing, mid be tho first to aid ,, their, efforts, iii endeavouring to walk in tho steps of tho mother country. (Hear, hear.) They should so act as not in the least to compromiso their national charnotor, believing thut their noble endeavours would : cntitlo them to, and ad- vance thom in (ho respect of tho whole world. During tho lute struggle in tito English Purlin mont, a distinguished nobleman hud Toft his high post, branded with falsehood. Instead oí retiring proudly and dignifiedly, conscious ' of 'having noted uprightly, he hus'left his post incapable of replying to tliuohurges of duplicity brought homo to him. (Groans and hisses.) Thc record of his infamy would never die, it would bo published, not only in England, but throughout tho length mid breadth of tho world. Ono thing might bu gathered from this iTllecliou that the redemption ol' their national character, was their own work Tho labour must begin with them. No doubt, thoro would" bo found plenty to ussist them, hut if they trusted upon others, what it ought to bo their glory io uccuinplish, what did they not de- serve as tlio result 1 If they wished to walk in tho footsteps of tho mother couti try, it »us for thom to exercise their strength in first ridding themselves of this morn! contamination. Thu triumphs achieved by that Association wero worthy of a deeper importance Chun hud been ascribed to them. They hud a duty to perform towards their children, which it behoved thom to look to. My following ou in tho course they hud begun, they might continuo to progress till' they buciimo a mighty Empire-a great mid flourishing nation. In conclusion, ho hogged tu say thut ho most cordially tceonded tho resolution, and ns, on account of their worthy Chairman's present posi- tion, ho oould nut put tho resolution in tho usual way, ho would ask them, if they concurred in it to support it by tho iiculumnlioli of every ono present. (Cheers.) Tho resolution was then put mid passed unani- mously ; and thrco hoarty cheers were given for Mr. Cowper, tho President of tho League. Tho CIIAIIIMAN folb deeply gratified for tho kind manlier in which ho lind been received, mid his humble ionices acknowledged. The voyage- >-. »liicli lie lind iiiidcrlnhen, was not without it* perils-luit lin lind received ample reward for liny inconvenience that lin might lune been put lu. not only in Vau Diemcn's Lund, tut bere ulan, indeed, I lie liospitulity wliieli lie lind experienced; - in tliut Limul, mid tlie cordial welcome nliicln every where greeted him, lie should never forget-.. Ile would r..em ion two circiiinstniiceij which r« (lected the greatest credit upon the people of Ta-unaiiiu. That meeting was aware that, in iii.» Erodion ol' the fir.-t Itepreseututivc Legislatura in that Colony, it was of the utmost importance lo return Anti- lruni'purtutioiiislS. Thu Anti transportation Candidate who contested the re- presentation of liuhnrt Town, was put to a very great expense, of lietwccu J£'J,00O- mid X3.0J0, in securing his election. Of thin however, liedid nut complain, but paid I lie amount cheerfully. Shortly afterwards lie roejeived a cheque for a thou -und pounds from his political friends1, tu defray in part the enormous expense to which he hid ticen put. (Cheers ) From per- sonal acquaintance with Mr. Clnipninu, be could testify that he was both ii worthy member uf tho Legislature, and n win thy President. One other ins unco he wi uld relate,' which, although compli inentnry to himself, was yet so creditable to tho people of Tasmania thal he felt justified in men- tioning it. At Launceston (he young men of th» town invited him to n soiree, got up for the oc- casion, and presented him with au address, sigueit by one hundred and eighteen young men of th-.« towu nud tho adjacent country. No murk of attention which he bad received during his stay in the island wns more gratifying to him than this. The room on the oocusion wns crowded to excess, upwards of 300 persons being present, ?» that ho could assure that meeting that< their representative received every mark of ut ten I iou and respect. (Cheers.) Mr. LAMU, M.L.C., who was received with enthusiastic cheering, said: When they met in . ,' that place in April lust, a confident hope was ex- pressed by many of tho speakers that they wnuhl not nguiu* he called on to consider this' hateful subject. Ile could not indulge in such a bop» - while that obstinate and wicked minister »lu» - - then held tho office of Secretary of Stale ruled tl e colonies. ? (Cheers.) Now, however, they mer, , \ under other and bitter auspices, and he cou'd \' indulge in a hope that they would not again hiivo to meet for tho purpose of passing a sentence of condemnation on thc conduct of (he British Go- vernment to these colonies. The resolution which had been put into his hand he would now read, and then explain why ho gave il'his cordial support:-"That this meeting acknowledges) with gratit ude, thc firmness nnd mond conrugo evinced hy t-lie-Kxecutive Council of this colony in reminding Karl Grey of his Lordship's pledge, which in their opinion-no less than in that uni- formly tim i II t ni HOI 1 by tho Australasian Lougue precluded bis sending convicts to Moreton liny without a manifest breach of faith ; imdVthey deeply regret that his Lordship, instead of fAJiug indebted to tho Council for their IrtjVst. warning, should have endeavoured lo cvyNa ¡ its application by narrowing tho ¡V terpretution of his funner laiigiia¡ie.\ . They lind never known him eulogising or prnisiiigN. . tho mensures of the Government, but alway*. \\. ready to oppose what ho deemed prejudicial lo ' tho best interests ol' the people, therefore thoy could hour with him when he said that, in his - opinion, tho limo had arrived when the voto of thanks now read should bo presented. (Hear, bear.) They lind heard, in tho report which hail boen read, tho infamous statement made hy the Governor of the neighbouring colony, Hint con- victed felons borea favourable contrast with th« native-born and thc immigrant population. It was pleasing in the highest degree to notice the favourable contrast presented by the conduct of our own Governor. (Cheers.) They had now to deal merely with what was iiiiinediutely liefern them. It wns, indeed, no little merit to find the Executive Government so firm ns to point ont to Hurl Groy that to persist in his measures would 1 be a violation ol' his pledged word. It was tho greater merit in tho Government to do this, see- ing that every man in it hold bis situation at tho pleasure of thnt Minister, and at a. single word from his mouth-nt- n stroke of his pen-could bo dismissed from oflico. Thc answer from tho Colonial Government was indeed HO unpaintable tb Karl Grey, that ho tried to insult the authors of it, telling thom not to meddle with matter» which did nut concern thom-matters which in- deed did concern the whole people of the colony. Although he for one would be extremely un- willing io hind thc Government unless they really deserved it, he hoped that meeting would con- cur with tho Lenguo that this was an occasion on which they might approve of tho conduct of '' . Government, lt wus very bud pol1'' i 1 ? always finding fault, for if fan'' in found, whether tho Uovornmorl ; . . . -, ono of tho chief incentives ' good of tho public would bo t''. ai the Go. veriimeut finding it use' 4, tho int rest of ibu people would c JO. lt wns very evident that they .'. relax from their laliour. Contempt*' ? "> Moreton Hay Squat- ters were in nulli' > ..onteniptible tis sonic of Ilium were in in' y it bord Groy attached un importance to their pt *->u which he denied tolliut of the people of Syiim*. 1 they must agitate until i hey procured timi 'br their opinions nnd wishes to which tin ' -..titled. ' ' were some in thu highest p. ? . colo began to respect that iigitiw. ». they violently opposed and su ' ii-< hoped to seo à wholc-soihe agitation jeot kept up whioh would work groat a.: 1 ..?;?>'<'. . good to tho colonies. There was one ti-; >\ i<> which their worthy chairman alluded, and »... whioh he wished to make 11 few remarks, this was their fiiianeiiil condition. Tue League, to do good, must bu aided, not only by their voices, hut hy their money, lt was no lise having always lip loyalty, they wantod a little purse loyalty ns well. The minute whioh had beon road was gratifying to themselves, but especially so to thu people ol' Van Diemcn's Land, who, ulthuugh fewer in num her than they were in tho colony, hud opened their purse strings far more freely. Mr. Iloi.nr.N supported tho resolution, been nao bo was glad that tho League wits' afforded this opportunity uf showing that its members wore no less keenly alive to benefits received, than to injuries sulfured from their rulers, (llenr, bear.) And that if by a great exhibition of moral force they lind trespassed upon ono of the functions of those rulers in being 11 terror to evil doers, they were at least as weil disposed to undertake tho other l'nnetiun, that of hoing a praise to those who did well. (Cheers,) Another ground for satisfaction was this, that tho very act which called forth their gratitude to tho Executive Council afforded un ample justification for what hud been termed tho intemperance of their lan- guage towards her Majesty's lalo Seoretnry of Stale for tho Colonies. (Ileur,hour.) When, after exciting universal indignation, by a breach of faith in u neighbouring island, ho spurned the warning of bis own organs of Government in this colony ngaiust a second breach of faith. (Hear, hear.) lt was high timo for plain men to speak out in plain language. (Hoar, boor.) Those. ? who used it deserved well of sociuty, mid instead of being disturbers of its peace, were only honest citizens sounding tho tocsin of salutary alarm (Cheers.) No libel thoy could utter on tho lute Secretary of State could mid otio tittle to tho verdict passed on his conduct .by his own ollicers. (Hoar, hear.) Whun tho views his lordship now avowed us bis own, were first nttri bulod to him in the Legislative Council of this colony, they appeared to tho hononrublo mimi of tho cliiuf advisor of this Guveriiiuout so ?umistrous, that ho repelled thu very suspicion ns a shameful mid unauthorised aspersion on Ibo character of a British nobleman. (Hear, hear.) lt was certainly no fault nf this holiest . advócate, if his noble client bad now torn oil'his own back thu rube of imputed innocence, mid had turned his defendei's praise into bitter irouy. (Loud cheering.) Tho deliberate opinion of tho ?.. Executive Council on tho niain question appeared ? to hiivo been to tho sumo effect, mid to have bcun forwarded to England for duo information and warning, and t'-iough it did not divert Karl prey from his purpose, it lind happily suspended its execution, anil, yet more happily, it hail thrown thu question over into tho hands ol' an- other, and they trusted a moro liunonrublo Minister, to he finally disposed uf. (Hear.) If they looked at the terms uf Earl Grey's \n*t despatch, it was remarkable that bu did nut v'ua turo tu say thnt ibu Council hud misconstrued ki« Un^a^trat: *">»t it; had mil taken hi» in feM/lpn.'*-'Xnchr^lmir¿) v -It would haw been inore OHiidid'if lie'tnitl'«i4Í eutustnnéet ImdàriseTi-which culled in his opinion for nonie relaxation -'dT tho strict letter of bi» pledge.' B it to inuko out the reasonableness of -euch a demand, he must ut least bare shown that ? lubstantial resiilanct wn* tl« end and aim of the 'Tulusation. "and could this he the case when he 'well kiinw the''old colony of New South Wales, ¡and to 'which, andto the'xeholc of which the pro- mise wira mide, wonld continue as deeply injured a j,the introduction of convicts at Moreton Bay as if they'were imported nt Sydney or Newcastle f (Hoar, hear.) ' When' it -was äs impossible to restrict the consequences of the proposed measure as to pollute a stream without injuring the popu- . dation that drunk its running waters. (Hear,' ?hear.) ' As absurd ks to pret'eud that the right' side of a parient could remain free of the small- pox because the surgeon's lancet hud only .scratched tho virus into tho loft arm ! (Hoar,' hoar.) It were hud enough ito take advantage of _-tho lotter of n' cpmpaot for such a purpose To keep tho'word of promise to our eur, . And break it to our hope. . "But here -Earl Grey desired to escape from the letter to accomplish ari.end equally violatiug the spirit-an end not more deserving of such a d)H 'jiensation than Shylock's'" pound of flesh,''-^-of a -dispensation from tho strict letter of Antonio's bond, 'or Padua's law. Earl Groy had left, aa a ?legucy'to his Snoceisor; hhs controversy with us and with the Executive Council on this subject. His successor would he trusted be too honest to uo ceptsuch ulegaîy. (Hear, hear.) But'our gratitude was.not the less due to the Council for the part they hud tukun. (Hear; 'hear.) Might the ex- pression of this gratitude induce' them not only to Jnuntuin their point on this occasion, but iu other mattel's to interpose-the same honest language -between the colony ondtho blunders or evil in- , tentions of the British ministry. (Hoar, hear.) ' 'They did riot, forget'*thut in the article of moral cjmrugo, tim loadosV of their demonstrations is surpassed' by" the most temperate protest u Go- vernment, functionary ever ' penned against the justice bf a measure . hi« official superior was ' earnestly bent on accomplishing. (Hear, hear.) "Were such temperate; protest more frequent and 'unrtinuhing, (hear, 'Heir,) tho' louder denuncia- tions of the' senates- and tho popular assembly .wonld- be :far doss heard-far less in demand. '(He»!", hear.) - They 'would undergo tho transmu- tation' whiolr thoy wore happy «ow to exhibit, «conversion into votes of thanks. (Hour, hear, and cheers.) ' ?.-???< Mr. C. KEHP «aid,"that BS tho hour WRS ad- vancing and there was much other business to go through; he woulddetain the meeting but a few minute«.' ' He was .present nt the Legislativo; Council when the Attorney-General indignantly : (repudiated the idea'that after'his despatch on: fe tho subject, Lord Urey could for a moment think ot" sending''convicta -te ' Moreton Bay ; and,' although they had not tho minutes of the Exeeu tive Council before thom, .there, was no doubt that that body had expressed that opinion to hi« Ilordship. Instead of thanking them for the Warning and advice they bad "given him, tho j amble lord, ns was-colloquially termed, snubbed them' for their faithfulness, and told them that Itlioy were interfering with; what did not coucern them'; and that,, when he said he would not send convicts to Mow South Wnles, be did not moan that die would not send them to Moroton Bay, : jil which in « part of it. If his lordship' thus treated ' ¡Sj ¡ Iiis own olKccrs-men of high charactbr ' and ' ; 'standing, and who must be supposed1 to have *very disposition to meet his lordship's views, wu« it nt all to be wondered ut that- ho treated tho : leprosentatioiis of tlio colonists as ho hud done? v But if his lordship could not appreciate the ino /, ti POS of the Executive Coiniñl, the colonists could; I and he considered that the officers of thc League 8 lind "done wisely in preparing the vote of thanks (now 'under consideration, and whioh he hoped would be uitftiiiuiously amt -heartily, curried. Since they lust mot, Lord drey hud ceased to be ininistor.and it WHS ono of the severest'censures; ' that couid be passed upon a minister of Lord Grey's descent and eminent abilities, that his re- tirement wits hailed with delight and sntisfuotiou, íallbough tHO men out of every three, when they ¿leard the miine of his successor, hud to ask who *}ie wus, aiid one who was almost unknown in tho .political world, who hud never held a moro pro- minent position than-- tho . chairmanship of a '?i'Oiinty'quurtor sessions, wits welcomed with du ;light us the successor of the mun who bore tho illustrious miine of Groy. It would bo remem- bered th it ut their lust meeting they had intel- ligence of the speech of Sir William Denison to the Legislativo Couuail of Vnn' Women's Land, ? in which ho impute! disloyalty to the nnti-trans porlui.'n" members. As thu session ended with his Excellency's address, thoro Avas no opportu- nity of replying, but the insult was not forgotten. TiiH-steumcr had just brought intelligence of the opening of the new- sessio'.i, and immediately upon, tlio Liciiloiinnt-Qoverrror rot iring from tho Hons -, Mr. Nutt moved a petition to the Queen, .l'oinp'aiiiiiig. of the language used by his Excel-' fenoy, -and setting-forth his various misrepre- sentations ol' tho convict cuestión. The govern- ment party moved as an amendment, that a deputa- tion/wait, upon his Excellency to ask tor nu explana- tion; which was curried by tho votos of the nomi- nees, and' two or th reu elected mom hors, who were Huspccted of having entered into a compact with tho - government, us ? some of our members ' uro-supposed to havo dono in this cjlony. The- ? deputation waited upon his Excel- lency, who assured them that he did not mean tü charge them with disloyalty, and read a despatch, having first ext'aclcd'a promise that it should not be printed, Which enclosed a copy of his ttpeoch, ami in which he explained to tho* Secre- tary of State that he .did not menu to impute dis ' loyalty to members. This was in fact- saying that ii,; did not raeun. what ho had said. They hud not ?information of the result ot this explanation, bat there was , every reiiHon lo .suppose that the govurnmeut party wo&ld; bo sufficiently strong to provont further .notice, of tho mutter. In this colony tho Executive is now with tho Anti Trans- porta lion League,. and as they hud often hud oe cation to.consu.rb thc government, he had no doubt they would be glad of un opportunity of. award . iug.them praise. - Mr. JONES,, M. L, C., who was greeted, with «ti wig murks ,of np|>robation, could only, ¿bank them for tho handsome manuel' in which thov bad received him. He supported tho motion cordially, find on behalf of Moreton Ray, of which he was a reiidont, he, would thank,the Executive Council tor,spared thom th»t disgrace-th«, disgrace of having convicts .sent there- which at nil ovents was deterred for some considerable time, if not for «ver. It was evident. hy,s dispatch from Lord Urey to his lSxc,ellenc.y, thal it wus not. that noble- man's .intention to send convicts to .Moreton Hay unless .requested, hy ; tho' Legislature. , no would inform the il, that notwithstanding what some gentlemen might have said ou thc subject, the Sys- tem of transportation was, utterly opposed to the wishes of tho great balk of .tho. inhabitants of Mjreton.Bay, and.was on'y wished ¡for by some hundred und fifty aquattors.on the Bowns. Those «iou had,been .told ovor and over again of tho oyils . which, .would l'O'Ult .to them if their wish wus Uruuted, but they, turned ii deaf eur to all udvico. <\ hat they.'wuutod was la'ioiir for nothing. They iva ti ted those, men to he mote slaves. to them. Ha bud no hes.itutioii.in saying .this, it wai not tho last.. -.-«Lord. Groy, in a, dispatch 'to. his Exool i.'iiov, in, speaking of tho Legislative Council of «hia'colouy, relinked that body for offering him any H Ivico on the. subject of transportation-clearly -having up object of, his own which wus not, to be interfered .with. by. tho wishes, of nny oho .oise, in pthor,parts ho distinct ly told tho colonists ,at M iroton! Buy,- that they should uot hnvo omigrunts uiihwn.tlioy.iook convicts with thom- indeed they Were to mu.kq,tho , latter u part,,of thu blessing prayed,,for. ; .At tho last general election tho coiiviot.buttle,w«,s iiioHttCumplutely,fought. The representation of the Stanley Boroughs was most strongly contested by th« convict-wishing wjuutr te rs., but.it was of no avail, and, two staunch niiti-lrausportu'ioiiidts. had been ; returned ior Moreton Biy, tho .one for:tho Stanley, Borough*,, and thc dthor'fof thu County pf. Stanloy (chums). Ho . (Mr. dime's) lind borne tho brunt ol' that liHttlo, und ho had been uniiilod, in every possible «ol' tu'tiiailv iiooossury.to lmv»» a sonnrnte goveru ui 'lit at Moreton IUy, but it would bo a gieut t'o.ivoniouoo to.have a. resident Judgo ustiihllshod thi'iM. Aluny men noni mit led for trifling oll'eunci had sometimos to walt iu gaol for six mouths ho. tPiiced without any reference to their previous imprisonment, Mid .thus' punished*berum* what they deserved. These little matters would con- ciliate every one but-1 bu squatters, mid nothing short of convicts-or exiles as they called' them would Biitltfy tbem. Slr. Hargraves had proved that (bore was no 'probability nf a gold mina being discovered tber¡»,-ami'this the squatters held up as another reason why they should have these exiles, saying that all tho labourers would destitute. Hut that vms no: the "case. They were not destitute of lahour. That district, certainly, with other parts óf the colony had been affected by tho cold discoveries, but onewns as bad off a;'the other. They need not be -io disheartened at their not possessing a gold mine, 'for as Mr. Hargraves had told them, they posaesred a country richer for all tba purposes of man than tho auriferous districts, tn fortunately for the peupla at Muretou Bay, they wanted a free press, there were certainly two newspapers there, bu tone was the or- gan of the squatters, nnd thc other was neutral. However, be would not trouble thuin with any further remarks, but would merely read to them what had been said at a private meeting hold at Moreton Huyî with refereuce to transportation. [Mr." Jones then quoted russugesfrom the More- ton Bay Courier, to shew that tho anti-trans- portation cause was gaining ground nt Moreton Bay, nnd that n branch of the -League, would be established there The honourable gentleman retired aniidsfc loud cheers.] Mr. '.ÛAMi;ni;tt,.M.L.'C., 'wh'o was loudly ch eered, said, ho would at'once read the "resolution which he iuteiided tb propose for their adoption.' it was as follows":- "That tho resignation of office by Earl Grey, is'mat ter fur congratulation both-to' the colonists bf Australasia and to tho Queen's Most" Excellent .Majesty: ' And this meeting hereby records its idle mn conviction, that thé: penal policy'of that'Minister-, was sowing'tho iieeds bf disloyalty throughout these territories, tiud alienating thu affections ol' her Majesty's subject?.'" It ' wns -very gratifying - to -111111 ' '? and he w sure that they would believe ''him when he said that lie considered it a great honour in having been np- - pointed to bring the present resolution under.' their notice. After all that had been douo by : Earl Grey iu direct opposition tb their 'wishes, and the deaf oar which had been turned 'hy that ' nobleman to their oft repuntcd remonstrances and entreaties, it must he us gratifying to them in having it' submitted for their adoption, as it was pleasing to him in moving tho resolution he hud just read. ' Since the first movement iu aid of this'great' cause in October, 1846, to the monster anti-transportation meeting held on the ' Circular Wharf, much had been done, and of all the resolutions passed there, the prayer of some at .least had been gianted. Ho admitted that he did not expect that'such' a great work could be" accomplished nt once, and'hu also admitted that it was not by their own mero exertions, but by the righteousness and moral glory of the cause they bad Tn hand, that so much lind been done in furtherance of that which tboy so earnestly desired-the total cessation of transportation to tho AuBtra'asian colonies. Certainly he felt that to have any hand in the proceedings' of; Hint day was à distinction that should not be lightly ap- preciated. He had not ability to speak'as fully as lie wished/neither could he adequately convey to them the strong feelings which he heh) on this subj-ct.' But he would toll them that, what- ever strength he had he would usc most strenu. ously in behalf of this -cause, always bearing in mind that acts were better than words. As it was getting late he would not detain them any longer, but would merely rend to them tho opinions of that eminent statesman, Mr. Glad- stone:-" Miserable indeed would bc the prospect of the coming time, if we believed that authority and freedom wore simply conflicting and contra- dictory elements in tho constitution of a commu- nity, so that whatever is given to the one must be deducted from the other. But, no Briton, who has devoted any portion of his thoughts to the history of his country, or tho character of its inhabitants, can for a moment be ensnared into that, for him, false and degrading belief, It has been providentially allotted to this favoured isle, that it should show to all tho world, how freedom and authority, in their due and wise develop- ments, not only may co-exist in the same body, but may, instead of impairing, sustain and strengthen one another. Among Britons, it is tho extent and security of freedom which renders it: safe to entrust large powers to Government, and it is the very largeness of those powers and tho' vigour of their exercise which constitute, to each individual of tho community; tho great practical safeguard of his liberties in return. The free expression of opinion, as our experience has taught us, is the safety-valve of passion, That noise, when the steam escapes,alarms tho timid; but it is the sign that we are safe. The conces- sion of reasonable privilege anticipates tho growth of furious appetite. Regularity, combi- nation, and order, especially when joined with publicity, have of themselves a marvellous virtue, It is a great and noble secret, that of constitu- tional freedom, which has given to us tho largest liberties, with the steadiest throne, and the most vigorous executive, in Christendom. I confess to my strong faith in the virtue of this principle. I an deeply convinced, that- among us all sys- tems, whether religious or political, which rest on a principle of absolutism, must of necessity be, not indeed tyrannical, but feeble and ineffective systems; and that methodically to enlist the members of a community, with due regard to their several capacities, in the performance of its public duties, is the way to make that community powerful and healthful, to give a firm seat to its rulers, and to engender a warm and intelligent devotion in those beneath their sway." This was the feeling that he wished would always animate the people both in England and elsewhere, But however far rebellious thoughts might be from the mind, yet repeated injuries would but too surely excite men to strike. With these few observations, he would beg leave to move the re- solution. v -Mr. G. A. LI.OYII would second tho resolution. AH was remarked hy the' honourable member for the city, they were placed in such a position Unit they lind to inquire into ft matter affecting tho foundation on which they stood. ' The'grossest misrepresentations and falso statements had boon miido concerning them.' Every influence had brought lo boar on the British Government to pronibto trtttisportntioh - to Van Dicmen's Lañó). Ile wisl'ied lo direct their attention to this matter, that it might bo put to that'meeting whethor tho representations which had been made were true' or false, and he challenged the world to come forward and prove their truth. (Cheers.) (Mr Lloyd then proceeded to quote the wholo of tho leading article from tho Econo- mist, which appeared in tho Empire of tho 3lst Muy.) ile would elmllonge any one to prove tho to proV* the truth of those statements. The venerable Archdeacon APEncroohud said that Earl Grey was'dead, and ho bad no wish tb disturb the ashes of tho deceased. But ho wished to draw attention to tho fact that Earl Grey was not dead, and that probably tho next intelligence they itould rcccivo would show that lie was buck again in his office. His retirement, was, however, sub- ject for congratulation, and tho resolution should I« carried without a dissenting voice. He had been a thorn in their side for a long time, mid they would ho a thorn in his. It was a saying of a distinguished poet thnt tho smoking flax could bo fanned into a finnie which Would spread over a country and'destroy'cities,'and the spirit of dis oontcut which bad been excited by the misgovern- ment of the colonies, if that mismanagement con- tinued, would inórense tilt it resulted in n rupture with the motlier country. (Chees.) Ile did not wish for Reparation, hut, at the »11110 timo ho did not wish to bo trampled under foot. Tho wishes ol" thc'colonUtH should be treated with respect, and they wem entitled to doniaud'this ns a right. (Cheer's.) ' The Rev.'H.VM'n MANSFIKLB carno forwnrd to .support tho motion, As it was now (eu o'clock nt night lin thought they would excuse bim If ho.did not oeeiipy their time for a full hour. (Cheers and laughter.) . Ile was only sorry that, instead of the humble, individual now addressing I hem, they bud not Lnrd Grey himself, If they could but induce his Lordship tn ht nnd fora few minutes before un Australian audience, so respectable, rn» intelligent, nnd su earliest, ns that which lin (Mr. Miiuslielil; bud now thc honour lo address,what ii change would como over bis feelings - how ni surd ?md ridiculous would all bis opposition lo their ; wishes-appear. -(Cheers.) ? Ha wo* aware tht it was- not right generally. to epea'c evil i dignitaries, hut his lordship wa's .III noir u dignitary '(laughter),, and he- (M M.); might- therefore -.'be -permitted I make one or. two remarks in reference to hin Speaking of dignitaries, however,.ho thought was quito possible to "'id faultwitb :(helli, au even censare them, Without making railing acci nations or indulging in ungentlemanly htngiiagi For instance, if Karl Groy -were present, the might ask him what that mau was who was in tl habit of breaking his promises,-of violating h engagements, who perversely left 'undone thu which he had promised to do, and Hid that wilie \- he had stipulated not to du. (Cheers.) The might also ask him what that man was who wu in tim habit of bearing 'falso witness against hi neighbour, who betrayed tho trust reposed in bin: who committed thu highest'treason by doing ul in his power to alienate the nfleo.tions of one c the most loyal commuuitiea in her Majesty' dominions. (Loud cheers.) Hf Karl Grey wool but answer these questions honestly und fairly li would present them with a full likeness of Iii own churncter<-one. which he might have framei and glitzed, (loud laughter), and hung up in th Council Chamber, os u histing memento of hi ruinous connection with this colony.- (Cheers. Their children and their children's children mig li look up to it ns a thing to bo deprecated and de spised- as nttbrding an index to overy thing thu was mean and detestable. (Cheers.) As .'tin evening was very, fur advanced, ho would con .elude by simply wishing both them and Uar "Grey a very good night. (Loud cheers nut laughter.) ' Tho resolution waa fut, and carried unnnl mously. Mr.B.'PAHKfis. whp was"received with much ap- plause", observed Hitit the resolution with thc ? moving of which ho had baen entrusted; wat really an'importunt one. ' If - not a declaration oi war, it was' a définition bf 'the particular limits within which men could adhere to pence. ' Before .- olforing the few roinarltS wliich ho had tomalte ho would read the resolution.-"That this Meet ing, while solemnly denouncing tho continuance bf 'transportat ion to nn^ of theso colonies as in compatible with tho permanence df British rule in Australasia, earnestly protests against their lan- guage being represented as that of wanton defiance, or of Anti-British feeling ; prompted as it is by a deep consciousness, that rh their case thc souse of oppression is increased in tho very proportion in which thoso feelings, which are a Briton's noblest heritage, -gain: strength among the colo- nists; and, that if tho fatal'alternative should continue to be thrust ^upo'n them,'of choosing ' between'British-connexion in nam«, und au un- sullied 'British character in fact, the dictates of principle, and the onward course of events must, beforo long, load to the preference of the latter, at any sacrificed. It would be admitted that the substance of the resolution was deeply important,' that the topics to whioh it referred woro sufficient to carry the: mind' away to inore eventful times, to the'bright issues of what was now dark, and gloomy, and discouraging around them. That ; discussion would open up a field of vast specula- tion, into which, even if he had the ability, he lind not the time to enter? On a resolution possessing so much importance, he would, however, make ono or two remarks. In tho first place it called upon" them to denounce the continuance of transporta- tion. Man, woman, and child, throughout the breadth and length of the colony, with very few exceptions, had a hundred times over denounced transportation, 'but that resolution called upon them to denounce it as incompatible with their present- relation to tho ' Mother country. They were all unanimous in joining in' that' ' feeling if ho were to -judge by the speeches which had been delivered, and tho manner in which they had been- received. They were ununimous in a determination that these colonies should no longer continue to be tho cesspool of the British Empire or any portion of it Again tho Resolution vindicated them from the slanderous charges of native turbulence and anti-British feeling which had most unmerit edly been made against them. It showed that they had a true British resolve to eradicate those scuds of dissension which would speedily lend lo ? separation, that they wore the not unworthy chil- dren of their British forefathers. They were tho ' inheritors of no common patrimony. They were a people whose ancestors had planted a tree of liberty so univeral in its growth that it's offshoots, transplanted to savage shores, had sprung up and borne abundant fruit to tho advancing nations of more than one world. Their language and tho spirit of their institutions had passed through tho vast American continent, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and were spreading civilization over ' the rioh and glorious laud of wliioh those strug- gling colonies were .tho embryo peoples. They inherited-a glory which belonged to no othre race, and their highest duty and their truest loy- ally to the British name consisted in preserving that inheritance unimpaired for their posterity. If they wore loyal to their British privileges they ' would assert,'in the language of the resolution before them, that tho continuance of this mon- strous system of convictism was incompatible with tho preservation of those privileges; and if it were pushed upon them, resistance would be ne- cessary; to vindicate their character at any price, and nt nny sncrifice. . That period lind certainly arrived in Van Diemen's Land. On a former oc- casion in that building, he had slated his belief, .that the' time had arrived in Van Die men's Land for tho colonists- to resist. But in thc unparalleled circumstances of that un- fortunate colony she had no strength to resist. The same event which had caused new streams of po- pulation to flow into these communities, had hail tho effect of draining her of all social life. Society us at present in Van Diemen's Laud, was a thing stripped of its natural energies. There was nothing left there now but tho Convict Go- vernment and its subordinate interests, which, iu tho language of the honourable member for Mel- bourne, bound down tho colony in a network of degradation - none othor, except tho couviots themselves, and a fow middle men, who wero an- chored in tho colony, hy their property, and oould not escape. If convict ships woro again to arrive hero, ho contended it would be their duty to resist such insult and oppression. And in'this spirit they denounced tho continuance of tho sys- tem. Therefore the distinot terms of the resolu- tion wero necessary when speaking of such a fatal alternative. As othor and abler spoakcrs had to follow him, ho would move the resolution, which hud his hearty concurrence, without furtbor remark. . . - Mr. DENIEHY: This was coming to the point, and speaking like men. Prayer after prayer, pe- tition after petition, remonstrance after remon- strance, had been made in vain. Out of this utter failure of a hearing for their complaint of any- thing like a desire or intention to redress their great grievance--this resolution had risen up, with the protest and the warning and the asser- tion of British manhood it contained. He had hearty pleasure in seconding it. There was never a word of wanton defiance or of bluster in that resolution--there was nought of the braggodocia in it--there was no bullying. The resolution of the colonists of New South Wales assembled in public meeting, it was certainly the resolution of comparatively a handful of men, but it towered into monumental grandeur and solemnity in sight of the vast moral and social issues enclosed in it, by virtue of the great question of political liberty it grew out of. It would go over the Pacific, and find a response in every true British heart. It would speak to sturdy souls in every land who by themselves or their ancestors, having won free- dom, wore it, and knew its priceless worth. Wherever in the fireside circle, wherever in a family group one beloved face was wanting, one place of honour was vacant, because from that circle or that group, relative or friend, man, woman, or child had gone forth, as was hoped, from the virtue or freedom of fatherland to the virtue and freedom of a newer England—had sought in the fresh young Australian world a home and a reward for honest toil--there, the resolution this night spoken, would find loving welcome. lt would be received with kindly respect in the downs of Yorkshire, in the villages of Kent, in the mines of Cornwall--it would find echoes in the wilds of Connaught—it would go up joyfully on the heathery highlands of Scotland. No, no, the long distance the emigrant had journeyed from that fatherland of his, had not dulled the sharp old British feeling of resistance to op- pression and injustice--had not darkened or weakened or shaken his undying attachment to the purities, and sanctities of social and domestic life—had not dimmed his high appreciation of a spotless national character; had not lessened his horror of crime and its grisly equipage of ir- responsible tyranny and shame and torture. The presiding element in the feelings which that re- solution expressed was thoroughly British, and would live and flow to the end of time in the Anglo-Australian and Anglo-American race. It would outlive the conquests symbolized by the red British ensign, which at this moment, when the night was with them, gleamed in the rising suns of a hundred isles, streamed in the morn- ing breezes of a hundred lands. And, if the language of that resolution was not the lan- guage of anti-British feeling, equally distant was it from the language of wanton defiance. It expressed a great universal principle--the principle of freemen who had wives, and chil- dren, and homes, who had religion, and here a country—the country of their nativity or of their adoption. That principle was one over which time had no decaying influence, for which ty- rants, after all, had no fetters; and the form of expression containing it went on to warn, that if disregard so utter was perpetually paid to the passionate entreaties of peaceful and honest men, of true and loyal citizens, seeking to pre- serve what they more valued than life itself, then it became a duty for these citizens—an obligation for these subjects —to cry, "Up with the barricade, and invoke we the God of Battles!" The words of that resolution were rightly, spoken by the injured and deceived artizan and labourer, who would see themselves beaten from the workshop and the pasture by an economy of degraded serfdom. The words of that resolution should make justly the speech of the native of the land--of the born Australian, who saw all the radiant promise of his country left wan and blasted by the deeds of a Lord Grey, a Lord This, or a Sir Somebody That—fools who played with the destinies of a country yet to be one of the noblest and mighti- est nations of the earth, knowing little, caring perhaps less, for the awful nature of the thing they toyed with. The great cloud of caste which had once brooded black and thunderous over the brightest moral and social seasons of the land had passed away; it would be the devilish act of the oppressors they now sought to battle with, to set it again afloat on the horizon dark- ening over generations yet unborn. There was one angle of sight whence this question should be more closely inspected—it was as it concerned the native born. He, (Mr. D.,) was a son of the soil; he had been born in Australia, bred in Aus- tralia, educated in Australia; and it would re- quire the pathos of angelic tongues to describe the feelings of every true- hearted native of the colony as he beheld his land and his children's land in the danger it then was. He, (Mr. D.) looking at the multitude around him, could believe that a majority of it consisted of indivi- duals who had come from Europe. Should their circumstances permit, they could at all events well return to the scenes of their earlier manhood, and enjoy the fruits of their toil—far away from a hideous theatre of crime, and suffering, and moral degradation beyond the water. Not so with him (Mr. D.) or his countrymen—they had no place to fly away to and be at rest; this was their home, their all in all; pollute it, destroy it morally and socially—call back the byeword of Botany Bay which had been forgotten among the nations, and what was left them? He was glad to see the concourse of Australian women there that night. It was a proof that the spirit pro- ductive of eight thousand signatures of females to an anti-transportation petition had not died out. As the prayer in fact of women against the resumption of white slavery in presence of chil- dren of theirs, whom they wished to see bred freemen, it might have claimed parallel with the memorable petition of the women of England for the abolition of negro slavery. This was a question--this of opposition to the resumption of transportation, more even of moral than of po- litical importance. He trusted that the men of New South Wales would be true to themselves; there was his faith, and in that hope and belief, so far as this struggle was concerned, he had no fear for his country. Mr. Deniehy, who was re- peatedly cheered, resumed his seat amidst a tumult of applause, which lasted for some mi- nutes. Mr. Gti.uEnT WHIOUT sup|iorted the resolution. v Should the'niutber country persist in penal trans- , 0 portation to Australasia, resist HUCO would become ,. not only ii right but n duty ; mid although post- g pined for period, by ? reason of our present, ao jj knowledgod feebleness, I'rovideuco would sooner a or Inter point out the time when, and tho manner f how, and the means by which ow deliverance a might lio accomplished'. (Hear.) Ile would not 0 again travel over ground which bad already been n so well'occupied hy preeeding speakers, but he " might in the outset, observe, that it was only by a persistence,1 by reiteration, hy lmrmnermg, that c they could hope to make an impression upon tho I'arliiinient mid people ut home (benr) ; mid it t was only by. frequent communication with the ( members-of "the League and the public, that fresh r energies coule' ba imparted to the Council of the c League Itere. (Hear, -hear.) Wbnt then , was their position, what their ' prospects ? And { although there was much to discourage and- de- c press, there wns much, very mindi, !to animate and ( elate. There was much to discourage and depress, í sinco they found'thnt the discovery , of gold, i which, it was predicted, would nt once accomplish ] their emancipation, bad proved a reason tho moro , with their antipodean- rulers for perpetuating j pennlism. (Hear.) This was no doubt a snd sur- j prise, a disappointment to sanguine anticipations, a blast to cherished hopes. Upon this announce- ment, the Moreton Bay squatters and plotters mot together, not indeed iii secret, hut in private, and E batched fresh conspiracies against their social J well d:ing and well liding. (Hoar, hear.) They { avowed and proclaimed that private interest was their ruling impulse-they did not disguise that « compulsory and cheap labour waa what they ¿ wanted-(hear, hear)-the labour of probationers, t of ticket- of-leave holders-of persons bound, if l not to thc soil, to tho district, and amenable to r tbb summary .jurisdiction of the p tty sessions at * which they themselves presided; the.se were the B labourers they wanted, mid to obtain them they r hang together, as indeed they ought 'to hang to- t gclher. (Cheers and laughter.) They were« set C: of shnllow-pnted, silly peoplo, whoso thoughts ¿ mid souls, rising no higher than their throats, re- H som bled tho tuan mentioned in Uabeluis, who <. having been born and bred in a barrel, could only , see out. of n bunghole. (Laughter.) Another ] great ground for .encouragement ww this, thut t those who were formerly opposed to . them T -tho Moreton Hay «"¡uuf.ters mid >] plotters excepted-how joined their ranks, t There could bc no" better omen of success, no c surer prusuge of victory, than when enemies be- e carao al HOB. (Cheers.) But the greatest ground t for oncourngomont und exultation was the re- ? movul of Eorl Grey'from office. (Hear; hear.) £; Whatever might be the characteristics «or quali- r¡ fications of Iiis successor, no future possible v minister could prove - so unalterably splcnotic- ¿ BO implacably malignant-so wilfully false. ¿ (Cheers.) The admiration expressed by him for t those sainted sinners, longest sentenced men' t (laughter)-tho compliment paid by lum to that Y large proportion of oiir population which consti- j tuted the emigrant class (bear, hear) lind been b marked, and duly appreciated, though not very t well digested. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) HÍB 0 Lordship had thu limitless inipudeiieo to assert, "thnt tho criniiiuds now sent out, and particu- 'T lui-ly those under long sentences," und, therefore, for tho most heinous offences, " would bo found to £ bear a very favourable comparison with the freo ¿ emigrants." (Groans.) When there wns such : nn utter confusion of tlie dividing und distin- guishing properties of men's notions, that inno- cence va. no longer valued ns worthy and hbnourahtu, and guilt rio longer looked on ns z tduimuful mid opprobrious (benr, bon;*) ; when ^ honour waited on vice, and shame bu virtue, tho * terror of piiiiitdimcut was atan end, and religion f niiil inoralitv niust full tn tho ground. (Hear, : hear.) So much for their present position. What then wno their prospects? "Tho convict' qnest ion," wuyH Mr. lïoboi t Lowe, "forcibly pii lists the selfishnoi-s of tho gentry against you." Yes! mid for ibis oin ions reason, that the pain- ^ chun* mid squirearchy nt home did. not speculate on thc causes of crime, or inquire .bow criminals wore treated, ur caro how ninny their pen al policy untile-provided Groat llritaiii* got quit anti shut nf them. (Hear, hear.) Manufactured by tho , very penalties pretendid nuhor limn intended us a punishment,, they nre but solicitous- to sui themselves,' and the property possessors, and tai payera of theünited Kingdom, the costofcoorcirj tho crime, created by igtiorarico, neglect, and mil government, propagated by confounding puuisl nient : und riiivurd, lind perpetuated t disturbing nil moral distinctions. (-Hear, benr Was it wonderful tlirtt persistance in such policy slionid provo infinitely fruitful and pr< tluctivo of crime. '.(Heur.') -That 'crimina should inórense beyond nil bounds and the'asuro (Hear.) That ("nc* multiplying villanies of untui should swurm ? (Hear, benri) New Kollan might be srturuted with 'felons, Without in il: leif st diminishing' their numbers nt home. A Archbishop Whately hud truly Bnid, " that t think o.f . diminishing crime simply by reinoviu the criminnl, without holding out an efl'ectui terror to f.Uure offenders, is like undertaking t empty a lake without stopping up the river whic flows into it." And if tins were true beforegol was discovered, what should be said since tba discovery ? . Transportation was always a merci; negative punishment,''it-had never boen ropul sive, if indeed it hud ririfc been absolutely attrnc tivo (beor, hear) ; but now it proved a positiv attraction, ami an ' absolute allurement (Hour, heur). >,'ot only were Primos now com mitted with the view of being transported, bu prisoners rebelled if they were not i-mnsported (.Hear, hear.) Witness the recent ro\\*olt_nmon¡ tho convicts nt Woolwich. What was it thai that stirrod the felons up to . Such a'suddon flood of mutiny ? They had been sentenced to transportation, a.iti hud not been transported. (Hour; hear.) As thJ impatient ghost in Virgil, supplicated tho surly boatman Charon'for prompt passage across tho Stygian Lake, so the impatient 'convicts suppli- cated tho -surly stale scavenger for' prompt pus sago across tho herring pond;' (Laughter.) Pur the first time in tho history of human socie- ties, criminals wero proposod'tô be punished, and crimes to bo ljrcventcd by reward-! (Hear,-hear.) Tho discovery of gold demanded another rofer .onco of emphutio significance. Gold was. ordi- narily a corrupter, for this palpable 'reason, that prosperity, and particularly that prosperity which partakes of clmY.ee, and which is the 'product of fortune, is evor dangerous tb virtue ; nud al- though should gold accomplish our emancipation from peualisin, it might so fur provo a purifier und a blessing, it possibly might, nay .probably would, prove u corrupter and a curse. :(IIear, hear.) Golden days were not fruitful of golden deedi When .riches poufed in like a torrent-or n flood", they did moro -mischief 'along where they jinpsod than good where at length they mettled. Tho welfure'of a community depended far less on its physical -resources than on its moral elements, lt was not riches and prosperity, but povorty and hardships, whioh had trained tho greatest and most virtuous patriots, and'tho most heroic people. " The-question 'of transcendant import unco '(said Channing) is not what are our exports or our imports, but whether do we breed a.noble race of men ¡ii < full bugs; men muy perish in the Embraces of what they roost loved, and bo Stifled byan overcoming iplenty-like a ship bringing homo a rich treasure, and sinking with tho weight on its return^'' A plethora of wealth was too com monly the precursor of a 'decay in pnbMo-spirit and virtue.1' Tho pcoplo woro tho very reverso of Jeshurnn. ' When Jeshurun wuxed fat, ho kicked ; wltcnthe people wax fut, they cease to kick; (Hen*, hear, and laughter.) -Perhaps tho host medicine for stich political indifference and apathy, was to study the history and institutions of tho Uuitcd Stutes of America. (Hear, hear.) The exnmpio of the pilgrim fathers should bo a lamp to their feet, and a guide to their path ; (cheers)-and if they compared their present proceedings, touching - transportation to these Colonies, with tho proceedings during the last ^Century of. those Colonies which now constitute the United States, in reference to thc samo grie- vance, they would be struck by tho marvellous coincidence, nay almost absoluto identity, (hear, hear): und, although their regret might bo iir crcased by tho ndditiouul proof thus ufforded them, that Itulers never learnt wisdom from ex- perience, it might be diminished by tho recollec- tion that similar antécédents woro always follow- ed by similar consequences. (Cheers.) .Not that the comparison wus made with thc view of in- citing tho Colonies of Australia to imitation-it was instituted but for thc purposoof inducing our Rulers to take warning. (Hear, hoar.) Tho resolution he supported did not breathe the lan- guage of meuuco or defiance, (hear, hear) ; denouncing tho continuance of transportation to any of these Colonies ns incompatible with, the permanciiec of British rule in Austral- asia; it declared their determination to obey the dictates of principio and tho com- mands of duty, rather than the promptings of attachment, and the impulses of affection ; it avowed their preference of unsullied British character to polluted British connexion ; and it pointed nt thc sacrifices snell preference must in the on ward course of events he compelled to mnke. (Hear, hear.) Great _ objects would only be achieved by great sacrifices, ns well ns by great deods. (Hear.) Colonies woro cradled into inde- pendence hy wrongs. (Hear, bear.) Now thnt they lind hecomo Australia Felix they should cease to be Australia Stippler. (Hear, hear.) If their wrongs remain unrcdresscd, they should imitate the example of their brethren of the United States. (Hear, hear.) If their prayers, liko the prayers of the pilgrim fathers, proved un- ; availing, they should censo to supplicate and begin to dictate. (Cheers.) . Let them lift up their band to Heaven, and swonr that This continent, of spacious heaven, adornod With plants, fruits, Howers ambrosial, gems and K°1. . should cease to be tho cesspool and common sewer for the criminal feculence and excrement of tho empire ! (Cheers.) Slr. HUNT moved the following resolution : "That tho three preceding resolutions he embo- died in an address, to be signed by the President on behalf of tho meeting, mid that suoh address bo transmitted to thc Governor- Gencral, with the respectful request that his Excellency will be pleased to forward tho same to tho Hight Honour- able tho Secrotttry of State for the Colonies) for presentation/* This resolution touched upon nil thc resolutions that had been passed, and conse- quently, if ho were to do full justice to it, ho should occupy their time much longer than would suit their convenience. It had been said by their detractors that their movement in conueolion with tho League displayed a disloyal and anti British feeling; but he contended that it was thoir loyalty and,. thoroughly 'British feeling which brought thora together thnt night («beers). They were bound, at all honards, to maintain their own character unsullied, and to teach tiroir children that truth and virtue were superior to everything else, and that, if perseveringly main- tained, they must eventually triumph. They were all acquainted with tho unfortunate position in which Van Diemen's Land was at present placed, and tho. importance of the strugglo. in which she was engaged. Let them como forward boldly ami, aid her in tho struggle,'and by so doing they'would assist themselves and contribute' to tho achievement of'the grout victory for which thoy were all fighting. As it was so late, he would not detain thom with any further observa- tions, but he would remark, in conclusion, that he had boon so interested in tho proceedings of the evening, that he would not have been absent on tiny consideration. Mr. lt. ItowAND, J.l'., seconded ' tho motion, which was curried new. con. , Th roo hearty oheors were thon given, for the Queen, and th reo for the Cbairmuh j after which tho meeting quietly separated. ' 