Mr. Bunce on the Diggings.—"Inde- pendently, however, of the high price of prov- sions, and the absence of water, it is evident that, generally speaking, the diggers are not dis- heartened, but are building, comparatively speak ing, comfortable huts in the immediate neigh- bourhood of the creek, as a shelter from the hard- ships to be expected from the approaching winter. The weather, until the 22nd., was showery and dull; but the 23rd and 24th, the days have been like summer weather, and there is no more ap- pearance of rain than there was a month back. A live toad was dug out of sandstone, at a depth of thirty feet, in the Adelaide Gulley, this morn- ing, where we may presume he has been imbedded for ages—probably since the gold was first de- posited in this locality—but this is a question which I shall, as usual, leave to the investigation of the learned in geological matters. It was about an inch and a half in length, and apparently not perfectly formed, the legs being longer than those peculiar to the species resembling the reptile found. It was to be presented to his Ex- cellency. The new road being formed is a great improvement on the old one, for which I presume, for once since we have been a separate colony, we have to thanks the Executive, but beyond this, I have seen nothing either in the road or at the diggings, to justify the eulogium in your Special Commissioner's communication of the 21st inst. In conclusion, I would advise all those who intend wintering at the Mount, whether at present here or on the road, to lose no time in establishing themselves before the setting in of the wet sea- son; and to those who have not yet left town, I would most particularly impress upon their minds the necessity of bringing with them supplies sufficient to last three months at least." Crime still flourishes at the Diggings. Mr. Bunce, writing from Forest Creek, to the Argus, under date of April 4, says—Eight prisoners were despatched to town this morning, escorted by a body of police. His Excellency is also ex- pected to leave for town this morning; whilst your humble servant and his party will remain at the diggings to turn up the dirty acres. Should we chance to fall upon 'the child of earth with golden hair,' we shall not fail very tenderly to wash, carefully rock, and duly inform you of our own and other proceedings at the Port Phil- lip El Dorado. There are 'accidents' also. A man was killed in his hole by the falling in of a quantity of soil. This, Mr. Bunce says, is but one of a continued series of similar accidents arising entirely from a want of proper precaution in having boulders or supporters while in the act of undermining. I trust that the present melan- choly occurrence may act as a salutary lesson to others similarly employed. There is already a cluster of graves, many of which have been fenced in, where lie the remains of those who have died from accident and other causes. Mr. Bunce tells the Argus a story of a police- man's horse. He says—We were camping on the new line of road through the Black Forest on Sunday night last, and had just ' turned in,' when we were disturbed by the enquiry of ' Any body he—aw?'' Being half a-asleep, on hearing this very exquisite enquiry, I expected to be con- fronted by Lord Frederic Verisopht, or his ghost. Our doubts were, however, very soon set at rest by the appearance of a mounted police- man, who continued his enquiries in the same very elegat strain—' Did you he—ar a horse- man pass by hee—aw?' On being answered very civilly in the negative, he appeared to be much alarmed, and exclaimed, ' Good God! what shall I do for my horse?' In plain English, he in- formed us that he had merely dismounted for a few moments, when on returning he found some fellow had taken the liberty of riding away with his horse, and being a trooper, I presume I may add, in the words of the song, ' his long sword, saddle, bridle,' &c.; One of my companions mo- destly enquired where all this occurred, and re- ceived the very laconic reply of ' ne—aw hee— aw;' and thus disappeared this very exquisite specimen of a policeman, who, although ostensi- bly paid to protect the interests of the public, was not capable of taking care of his own horse. Not merely Australia, but the cause and in- terests of civilization and humanity all over the world, will be lIr~ely benefittel by the course now perstnerin, nado>teil by the Londki Times. With its accutouied einergy it pursues the theme; and, after a glowing description of the advantages held ont by these colonies to Britich emigration, adrantages recently angmented be yond all calenlation by the discoveries of our mineral wealth, asts flow it is, that while a gqarterofa million of the natives of the United Kingdom transport themselres annally. at their orn expense, to the Unitl S.tSrmt of Anmericea free passages to tli Astralian Colonies ar.a ift. which ni one arz t, o a-cept ? One of the causes to which this in.litffreine even to the al lurements of gmol is attributed, is the knowna fact that whilst we abound in that captivating metal, abound also in the odious elements of imported crime, elements ever increasing by continuous transporiation to Van Diemen's Land, and ever spreading thence to the sadjacent provinces by continnaDn manumissions of the conviets. Of this last abomination the writer derives startling proof from a recent, arliimentarv Inner. It there appeaas that the total nnmber of convict in Van Diemen's Land and Norfolk Island at the close of the year IS49 was 22,487; that by the end of IS50 ithad fallen to 21,437, adimination of more than 1000; and yet that the number transported dnrin the year 1S30 ras about 4000 ! Atdding these to the number in the island at the end of 1849, we find that the total at the end of 1850 ought to have been 26,487, or 5000 more than wereactnallr there! The Times calls this "a remarkable phenomenon." Remarkable it undoubtedly is, not from the difienltv of its so lotion, bnt from the new light it throws upon the question now agitating all the non-penal co lonies in the Anstralian gronp. Making ample allowance for deaths amongst the convicts in Van Diemen's Land, and for any peculiarities which may by poesibility (for we are not aware of anr) have made 1850 an unfair standard for su sequent vears, et we have the striking conclu sion fored upon na, that from that hotle! of British crime, there is annually exhaled to the neithbouring co!onies an amount of moral pol lution represented by Foun TnousASu LIBsR ATED FELONS! Tnr are encountering commereil diffieIties in our Indian possessions.-' We are exteedinatly sorry,' says the Friend of India, 'to notice that the first houe in Caenctta, which has fallen before the pressure of the times, is that of D. C. .Iackey and Co., who have stopped lpyment it consequence of severe losses incurred through the state of the money market The total liabilities of the firm amunut to about twenty lakhi, two thirds of which are covered. The assets are estimated at nine lakhs. We are snre that this annonacement will be receirve with feelings of deep regret. Not only is Mr. ?l?ekey one of our first merchants in India, iNl -oint of spirit and energy, but he is a universal favonrite whrereve he is known, and the cslamitv whielh has now overtaken him till raiele the mpathy ofa larne circle of vry attached friends." With the Burnnnee ilispnte, one source of distnrlance in lndih, is prollbly terminated. On the lt of Sann ry, a letter from the King addressed to the Governor-General, was delivered with a etter to himasef from soae of the ministers at Ava, expressing their lreg t that any ill-feeli or miasnuderstaading shonld exist between the two Kgve- nments through the miseanduct of the Go ver.or of Pingson, but they would - ake every repartion in their power. They had recalled the Governor to Ava and he appointed the two Deputy-Governors to officite Intil another was appoistel. The Court .t Avm hal directAd the Gr.venor of Prome, who, it appears, has the government of the Lowrer Province from Prome to Msartebie, to coam down immediitely and inquire into thechargs brought against the late Governor, and to reimburse those parties who hild sufiered by his extortions, and in fact to do all in their power to be on friendly terms with the "Enlish government. 