, .(Fiom (h*Emmiur,Dtç(mltrttk.) . I At last there ¡sa revolution satisfactory, ff-not to the generality, yet to a considéra- le part of tbe English aristocracy. Strange to say, Liberals are chuckling at . .the overthrow of a representative body .. and the immediate prospect of a military despotism. Torie» are rejoicing at.the . . guilty triumph. of a Bonaparte, and for- give, in consideration of the violation of a constitution, the recourse to universal suf- frage and the lip y homage of .the sove v. reignty of the people. The inconsisten- cies of the satisfaction with therp'csent 'revolution are of a complication difficult to follow, and only to bo explained by ill will to the Republic, the gratification of which countervails all consideration of . - principle and policy. - The' termination of ". revolution in military despotism is doubt-. . . lesa thought a warning example of vast ? - virtue, but it seems to be overlooked that the: lesson may be had at too dear a price \- in future troubles and dangers. If France be ' brought under a mil itary government, " , England' will have to look to her shores, and we ahaH have to go throngh 'a répéti- tion of -the first 15 years of the century, ".- iwith' tlie' enormous cost of defences: . 'In the republic we have had King Log for our neighbour ; we cannot see any - reason to exult at. the change to King Stork. Whatever may be snid against the faults ' ~of the overthrown Republic, it cannot i bo : denied ¿hat the short period of its exist- ence ¡was one of a degree of amity be ' tween the two nations before unknown. "' Tb* establishment of a military despotism .Would banish this new concord, , for-the ?word of France turns its point to England *s naturally as the needle to the pole. The liberty of France is one of the best guaran ". . tees/for the peace of England. For our « -,©wn- intercsts, tlieij, we deplore an event ^which throws-back France half a century, _ ''¿»hd,.pñta her again through some . of the * ' ::«rOrit:. passages of her unhappy history. ' , Proudhon says that the French revolution ha«; not y et commenced, and that ^.all wo häte Seen.» but the ripple of the coming . .deluge ; certainly, it would seem that the . French revolution .is without an. end. It ' is 'tho . torment of Ixion' on the wheel, . ' ' Votvitur et te sequiturgue fugitque. ,; Between sun and sun M. Bonaparte, \- like a tliiof in-the night, stole the liberties 1 of'tho nation-a cntpurse of the. empire and.the rule.'! Ho was bound by oath to . observe tho constitution he violated, and : hy air act of perjury and treason he has possessed himself of supreme power. He proposés, a return to.tho Imperial régime, . - ani| 'pretends to appeal to the people to ; ratify: or to negative his scheme. He calls his appeal loyal," its author giving such signal 'earnest of loyalty in the. breach of ; the law to which ho was bound by oath, or we should inore properly express it, to ' which he was unbound by oath. 'He jus ' tifies his' treason by alleging the plots of ! the Assembly, destroyed by his own .plot, V the iextensivo combinations of Which .? show \- it 'to have been deep laid and preconcerted . --^no counter-movo of the moment against' . " ?> a discovered. conspiracy, but an elaborate' plan ? i of - treason, . matured and ripened through the1 seduction and'corruption of ' the military chiefs. . 1 . . .. "¡ :;';Tlie pretence, 'ot,thb-'plofs of tho As-' | . Beuibly. is tho -old story of the wolf who .. found it ? impossible . to live in peace by ' ' reason of tho perpetual aggressions of the '. lánib. uNo doubt 'the .factions in , the1 Assembly " were ever, intriguing, and con ? corling to harrass, thwart, and mortify. ' Bitt more they .'could not do-^mpro they '. . had not. the .'means to do ; .they had no .force!, at, their disposal to seize ""tho person' . of tho President, and a large majority \- hftd' negatived the proposal to place an. . Ä^y; " at;, their disposal. They . could ; do nothing but by: process of ; law. They' . cotild not illegally arrest persons obnoxious ' ? to ^ them in the dead of night; and fling '? thém ¡tito gaol upon tho warrant tia volo ',? tie i juhço. . . M. Bonaparte's pretence of . < apprehensions of violence from this body, < ' ; wanting any organisation for violence, is a travestie of Cromwell's '« Sir Harry Vane, Sir Harry, Vane I the Lord deliver mo . from Sir Harry Vane I'' ' " . But. M. Bonaparte is to sot all right by . appealing to tho only sovereign ho rccog . ! Dinoa in Franco-the people-and pro-; mises to ' abdicate the power ho lias ille-j : .gally seized if the judgement [Uo adverso. '.. rs:his promise, better tbah his oath ? ? He i..s\yore ' to .respect': the constitution- and seo what ho has done with it. i Ile will bo ns much bound by tho judgment , of the people jas he was bound hy tho obli-. i «gatiomof an oath. But what an impudent ' mockery is an appeal to tho people, with ' ;'thö ' press suppressed, tho publia voice . gagged, and the different leaders of tho ' i people.itt prison-orders, given, throughout ' the country to suppress adverse news . papers, to remove adverse functionaries, . .and to. imprison adverse, individuals ! And " what: are the peoplo asked freely to do ? ' To ratify tho revival of the Imperial des .; potism in a chief nominally for ten years, ._ a ;5|intstry. ; dependitntl.-on. the"'. Execu ñ tire*--that is,. wholly irrespon- sible -as . regards tho people-a .' Council of State and Senate the creatures ; of :the. President, and a mock legislative « body, which could do nothing but make ' Inws' according to Executive order. If "-'the people1 soy ''yes "; to this, M. Boria .p'arto stops into the inheritance of his . imclo's . despotism. If .'' no," lie treats " them ns he has treated the Assembly, sets his soldiery on them and declares 1 thom ti«ii.. . .f ! . It.is to bo distinctly undorstood.thnt M. \- Bnnnpnrto docs not leave to the nation the \ choice pf Us government. A vei'y.'gener'al 1 ¿«Tor prevails On thin head, and wo seo tho .intelligent,correspondent bf, tho :-0aily Newt sharing in it, and strengthening it in tho statement that-the dooistou between Mi' Bonnpnrto.ahd the National1 Assembly '.is left to tho/popple. ; So,it!would have "...boohiif M, ,;Bon'apartp. had acíijlod .upon \- tho nation . to -elect representativos tb revise . or remodel tho. constitutioii,or to continuo ]? it^ns'jfrWMod, '^"piió, dcóísiVin' tvÖuld .'huyo , boon left to Ibo initioí» if it had, peon nf forded thoi opportunity of, declaring, in favour of the ousted Asaornbly.byjreturn ing tho ' 'same hioiubors, or of electing ? Constituent Assembly to take into cos irider»t{°» th* question bf a suitable forai of government. But this I« not what ii* purposed nor anything lílco what j* proposed, M, Bonaparte in effect POTS, " Choose tne «nd my government, bor- rowed from my uncle, a family article, or refuse me, and my. part is played." The choice islimited to the mock constitution aud the man, yes or ho ; and what would fol- low the ?'. no", tho most simple may divine. M. Bonaparte would not relira, but would j deal with the people as he has dealt with J their .representatives! "If r they give, him their votes, ho will be glad , of them ; if they refuse/he will do without them, and count bullets against their suffrages. j And, tho cry .in ibo streets of Paris , on his. appearance, is, f' Vive la République,! Vive- Ja République J The Republic i> strangled and dead. M. Bonaparte invites, it to reappear, as Macbeth held forth oh hi» hospitable expectation of seeing Ban-1 quo j and tho mere ghost of it, if the ghost could surmount all that has been done to lay it, would astound him about as.much. .. ... ',-, ';.',-',!.. ¡ : The usurpation is the government of the sword. M. Bonaparte tells-the soldiery they are the élite of tho nation, and inti- mates that as this revolution is made, by them^it is.mado for them;., Thoy fill the part in this re volution which was assigned to the workpeople in that bf '48. The barrack succeeds .to Louis Blanc's .workshop. And tho voting for the constitution is to begin with the soldiers, to be told off by rank and file, and their votes are not to be taken by ballot. Indeed, it is an all-sig- nificant fact that, open voting is to be the rule on this occasion. This withdrawal of the only guarantee for a free vote was surely, slicer, superero- gation, jn the case of _ the military under corrupt influence, for -it was sufficiently certain that the soldiery would obey the . word of, command, and give their suffrages to the man who promises.ito pamper them, aa readily as. they would give their bullets and the point of the bayonet to any who resist his despotic be- hests, But this military election previous to the popular election has;a very plain significance. It is to tell the people be- forehand with whom they will have to set- tle if they presume to resist M. Bona- parte's will. It is counting devoted bayo- nets before beads for the palpable purpose of intimidation.' "Here are my myrmidons with rac," says M. Buonaparte, in effect, '' to enable me to take what I ask if you dare to refuse." . The Assembly has fallen unpitied, un respected, and we Bhonld be the. lost to deny,, its faults, which we (have often con- demned, but which, if as great as exag- geration could wake them-and very much aro they exaggerated;-would not justify the destruction of the institution as .brought about. Tho French nation might justly feel displeasure and disgust, at tho factious conduct of its représenta- tives, but its indifference to the destruc- tion of the institution is indifference to a victory over itself and the extinction of its. rights.' ,. ". ''.V .','"';.'''!.. ., ! ? : Tho great fault of. the Assembly, ,'for which, it now:isuffers, was the restriction of the suffrage, ' disfranchising ? nearly. £,000,00,0,, people.., M. Bonaparte, ; who .was .a. ..party. to, that .most! 'unconsti- tutional . . and impolitic. measure,. now takes' advantage of his own- wrong,, and, attacks, ; the, . Assembly "in tho weale.place he ,hai|l helped to make, .in its constitution.>-? . Had. .it rested oh .' the basis of universal suffrage it never could, haye been . overthrown . as'it.has bpen ; Ibo attempt would apt have been dared, or ,if. made, tho . vindica- tion would haye . been prompt and all powerful, supported, by the general people. 'As it is M. Bonaparte has had tho; advan- tage of a deceit in tho appeal to universal suffrage against thc suppressed Assembly. The niiture and limitation of the suffrage ho was invoking did not appear at the 'first glance, and doubtless for the moment enlisted some sentiment on his side, under a false impression that ho was the liberal tor of the franchise ; whereas,, in fact, ho narrows and shapes tho scope of tho .' suf- frage tp his own selfish, purposo^ and morely concedes it for the nonce to raise him to a despotism resting on a sham con- stitutional systom as pedestal, tho nullity ..of .which was proved half a century «go tho Chambers having had as much inde- pendence as tho guardroom, and having ultimately given tho imperial crown by word . of command. . But the, counterfeit ,propósal .probably, obtained currency, for the instant ; and we know on this sido the water many were dpceived by it who now, on closer scrutiny, detect tho imposture. ,.. ¡The first act of the drama may bo con- sidered, even now, as over. il. Bona- parte-wo cannot give him the title of President, for. he ia President no longer, having forfeited any legal , title of autho- rity-for the moment <ucceeds, and wo do not expect that any effectual resistance to his usurpation will be'made itt present. The second act commences with the elec- tions, and ottds with the discovery of the valuor.of-tho anffrago td" choose a'tyranhy, pr with, tho alternative of having the ty- ranny imposed bon gré mal.gré. That situation will show of what Franco is mado. We have seen how .slight, how frail in the tenure of liberty in France, we shall soon see whether the tenure of ty- ranny is stronger. . But such is the malignity bf this .cringe, that the defeat of it involves baneful con- sequences,- and an. after'''mischief of 'formi- dable ningiiitndo. The Ked party is iiow, with ¿he sanction of }ög'alityy tho' foremost and most, resoluto in, tho resistance.to Mt Bonaparte's usurpation, and his over- throw will necessarily 'placo that' danger- ous,party ..oil ia 'vantage-' ground jit lins never.yet occupied., : It will be the casting but tho Devil'through Beelzebub-; alu) such is the propagation of the curaca of the rovolúíióh, that tho yery ¿dre br.ëv|ls entails ovllaj and that in combating and oxpellingwdespetism, there is the danger of1 op'èning. tho .field tb anarchy. I 