ODDS AND ENDS. Miss Burdctt Coutts .js elected a fellow of the Zoological Society 1 Why is a young lady who walks under the mistletoe like an old ludv Standinur nil ihn nrlrrr. of the pavement at Charing Cross, with three parcels, a basket, and an umbrella ? — Because sIkms looking out for a buss. — Punch. " A lig for such music!" as the boy said when his comrade beat a tattoo upon an empty drum which had contained the kind of fruit indicated . in his exclamation. . i ®',rilck by. lightning" is the' cant term used hy thieves, Sic., when arrested through informa. tion conveyed by telegraph. A citizen of Licking County, Ohio (U.S.), lately had two daughters eloped from his house in one day. One went off with her " lover 5" and, while her father pursued her, the other went also. Both succeeded in getting married. "eople '( of a certain age" will be sorry to hear that they are trrowinff date. in New York IIoihq Journal. What article of ladies' winter auiro does a stupid negro resemble ?— A sable muff. The Peers of England lost 27. of their num ber by denth in 1851 : —two dukes, two mar quises, twelv'e: earls, eight barons, and three vis counts. Two i eldest soils of peers: nlso died during the year. Guilt, though it may attain temporal splen dour, can ue'ver confer real happiness. The evil consequences of ouri crimes . long survive their commission, and,: like the ghosts of the murdered, for over haunt the steps of the male factor. The paths of virtue, though seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and. peace. — Sir Walter 'Scott. Just out " TI16 Turkey's Quod- drill," as daily dedicated to the Duke Street' delinquents !—. Glasgoio Citizen. M. Tscherbeiiin, Russian Privy Councillor has arrived at Berlin. He is said to be the bearer of dispatches from the Russian Emperor to Louis Napoleon, in which the Czar opposes anyattempt oftho French President to put 011 his head'the imperial crown, as being incompatible with the treaties of 1815. We are exceedingly: glad to hear that poor Mr. Warhnrton, who was in the steam-ship Amazon, effected an insurance on his life for £10,000 previously to his departure. — London Paper. The Lords of the Admiralty have at length decided 011 applying auxiliary screw propellers and .steam-engines to all our principal men-ofr war. The Sultan of Turkey has issued a firman in favour of the Christian Protestants, allowing them to meettogcther freely, and permitting their marriages and births. to bo registered., A reserved man is in continual conflict with the social part of his nature, and ovep grudges himself the laugh into which he is sometimes betrayed. A young gentleman who hns just mnrricd a little beauty, says she would have been taller, but she is made of such precious materials that Nature couldn't afford it. Mrs. Grummy says that she don't know what they want with a grand jury. She thinks com mon juries grand enough, as her husband felt so grand when lie was 011 the jury that nobody dared to speak to him for a mouth afterwards. A fortune-hunter, being in a ball-room at Bath, heard a gentleman giving an account of the death of a rich old widow. " Died yester day, in her eighty-ninth year, "said the narra tor.' " What a pity !" exclaimed the fortune- hunter ; " what a line match she would ltavo made two days ago !" When an extravagant friend wishes to bor row your money, consider which of the two you bail rather lose. A man appeared at Bow Street. Loudon last week, whose height wns seven feet six inches and who weighed upwards of thirty-five stones. Mr. Fortesque, an Irish landlord, has been ' oflicially informed" that £50 have been sub scribed to pay the man who will murder Inm- In casually into a little work, entitled looking I he I ablet of Memory, I found an entry which informed me that " stops in literature were in troduced in 1520 ; the colon in 1 580 ; sunncolon 1599\. — Notes and Queries. Great sensation has been caused at Vienna by the intelligence that Don Juan, Infante of Spain, second son of Don Carlos, had run away from his wife, taking with him an Euglisn go vernors. Mis wife is sister to the Duke of Modeua. Mrs. Wicock, of Cragg, whoso years number 97, turned out a few days ago at Todinordcii tor more wages. It appears that she was 11 bob bin-winder for, two weavers; ami, considering her age, the men complied with her wishes. — Halifax Guardian. Great Britain is £3,000,000 revenue above expenditure ; Austria, £7,000.000 expenditure above revenue ; France, £2,000,000 expendi ture above revenue. The debt of Great Brituih stands highest. Wise men are instructed hy retson; men of less understanding by experience ; the most ignorant by necessity ; and brutes by nature. Avoid loose, drinking, gaining company, whether they bo rich or noor ; whether they drink wine or whisky. Ilnbits acquired while young are difficult to cast off. Men, dying make their wills, but wives escape a work so sad ; Why should they make what, all their lives, the gentle dames have had ? " John," said a worthy matron to her belter half one morning, " Get up, the morning's breaking." " Well," rcplich John coolly, "let liiin break, he don't owe me any tiling," and fell to sleep again. " I am afraid you shall come to want," said an old lady to a young gentleman. " I have come to want already," was the reply ; " I want your daughter !'" The old lady opened her eyes. Unkind. — An Oswestry lady, who took offence at something in the newspaper of tlio day, sent it homo in a huff, declaring that slio would " never borrow that paper again." An Italian, who was very poor, and very much addicted to play, used to apostrophiso Fortune thus— Treacherous goddess! thou canst make me lose, but thou canst not make me pay !" Considerate Bachelors. — There is a place in Newhamshire where they never had any old maids. When a girl reaches twenly- niue, and is still on the 'ladder of expectation, the young fellows club together and draw lots for her. -Those who escape pay a bonus to the one who gets her. There's gallantry for you! Three ladies of our acquaintance would start immediately for the Granite State, but they are past the age. — American Paper. Cool Reception Gray, the poet, was very fearful of fire, and kept a ladder of ropes in his bed-room. Some michievous young men at Cambridge, who knew this, roused him from below, in the middle of a dark night, with the cry of fire. The staircase, they said, was. in flames. Up went the window, . and down he came by his rope ladder as fast as lie could into a tub of water which they had kindly placed thcro to receive him. A Great. Core. — A waggish correspondent of an Irish paper has heard that Professor Hol- loway has " thrown cold water " on the canal speculation for extinguishing Mount Vesuvius, by offering to contract . for a sufficient quantity of the pills to remove the intestinal rumblings and disturbances in the interior.of ' The. Cratur,' and also for as many tons of the ointment as may be found requisite to cure the eruptions 1" Houaiit Town : Printod anil Published by tlio Pro prietor, J.imks 11 u un kt, at the Tasmanian Colonist Ollieo, Collins -stroot, to whom all communications are requested to be addressed. 