THEATRICALS. Last Monday night witnessed the successful reproduction, at the Victoria, of The Ikon Ciiest, a well-known musical play, in three acts, from the pen of George Colman, the younger, which, although it was — strange to say — but coolly received when first brought out at Drury-Lane, in 1 v96, has long since become exceedingly popular. And wot without reason, hounded on the incidents ot Godwin's celebrated novel — Caleb Williams — with characters, for the most part, strongly discriminated and developed, the piece abounds with thrilling situations, has a moral at ouoo interesting aiid instructive, and is, in all minor details, not inconsistent with the high reputa tion of its accomplished author, whose sparkling witticisms and contributions to English literature, are still remembered and- appre ciated. The principal personage —Sir Edward Mortimer — is a fine conception, and very effectively represented by Mr. Nesbitt, who has evidently studied the part with great care, and does it ample justice We consider, m fact, bis representation of this character, one of no ordinary difficulty, to be decidedly the most successful effort of histrionic genius that we have seen for some time past. Slowly and reluctantly compelled to give way to our suspicions against a being we feel so much disposed to re?pect> the fearful scene in the library at length deepens our vague apprehen sions into a painful certainty ; and yet (such is the skill both of the actor and the dramatist,) we cannot avoid feeling a vivid sen sation of generous sympathy towards this uuhappy man, whose secret woes are laid bare before us, — ruined by one great crime, committed under a sudden passionate impulse, and under circum stances of serious provocation. Nevertheless, the full enormity of the offence is very properly never lost sight of for a moment, and eats like a canker worm into every thing around him. It subjects him to the reckless prying curiosity of a dependent —the mere creature of his bounty — makes him dread to see the face of his betrothed, and shrink even from the hearty friendship of his honest kinsman ; hurries him into rash admissions and inconsiderate actions, which hourly increasing his difficulties and despair, prove when ouce entangled- in the meshes of crime, how difficult it is to escape. ' The subordinate characters were all well sustained, and especially are we bound to mention with applause, the Adam Winter ton of Mr. Rogers ; — with the shrill laugn of that worthy old gentleman at liis own small jokes still ringing in our ears, the very thought of him is mirth provoking. Mr. Willis, too, played Wilford ex tremely well throughout — he was natural and unaffected, and inter ested the audience in spite of all the disadvantages which are inseparable from such a part.' Several times his performance elicited, we were pleased to observe, a marked approbation. As we ventured to predict some time since, this gentleman only requires confidence and perseverance, and he will eventually attain to a very respectable eminence in his profession. . The music of The Iron Chest, (by Storace possessed as it is of great merit, passed off well, and especially the spirited song of Mr, J. Howson, who as highwayman Armstrong, is, of course, a fine dashing fellow selon les regies. The piece was repeated on Wed nesday evening with The Loan of a Lover as an afterpiece ; and on Tuesday that old favorite, The Bohemian Girl made its re-ap pearance, followed by the clever farce of The Teacher Taught. Thursday evening was signalized by the classic beauties of Norma, and the production of a new farce named The House Dog. This latter piece, which was well received, will be repeated this evening after the operatic drama of Guy Mannering ; or the Gipsey's Prophecy. The Olympic Circus. — The performances at this place of amuse ment appear to lose none of their interest with the Sydney Public, if we may judge from the crowded audiences which nightly attend there. .In fact, during the past week, many of the feats performed have surpassed those previously brought forward Yesterday evening, Miss Griffiths, in the character of the Mouutain Sylph, received the most unbounded applause, to which she was certainly entitled. A new performer, Master Ingler, made his first appear ance, and bids fair, under the able tuition of Mr. Ashton, to become a very promising artiste. Signor Cardoza, in the character of the Dying Moor, rode to perfection, the whole piece was admirably acted, and the character faithfully sustained ; whilst the dress was both characterestic and becoming. Master Palmer has improved wonderfully, both in his riding and in the astonishing leaps he takes while the horse is at full speed. Mr. Ashton made his appearance on two hare-backed horses, and was received in the most rapturous manner ; indeed, we do not remember to have seen a cleverer feat than the intrepid and beautiful one in which this accomplished rider appeared last night. The previous week, Mr. Ashton, together with Mrs. Ashton, and a part of the Company, were at Windsor, where their performances, and particularly those of Mrs. Ashton, gave the greatest satisfaction. On Saturday evening last the performance was for the Benefit of the Windsor Benevolent Society, when the sum of £12 were handed over by Mr. Ashton as the net proceeds of the evening. It is the intention of Mr. Ashton to visit Windsor again in about a fortnight, and we believe he is also making arrangements for some part of the Com'- pany to pay a visit to Parramatta. On Wednesday next, Mr. Albert, the extraordinary Plate Juggler, and Master Granville are to take a J>int Benefit, when, as they are both Natives af the Colony, and each in his particular line exceedingly clever, we trust they will meet with a large share of support. Mft. and Mrs. Moore's Concerts. — We are glad to perceive that the Evening Concerts of Mr. and Mrs. Moore, at the Royal Hotel, are about to be resumed, the first of them, it will he seen by the advertisement, is to take place on Wednesday Evening ; next. The White Horse Inn, George-street. — It wil he perceived by an advertisement in another part- of the paper, that Mr. John Holnian has thrown open his spacious Room, (formerly used as a Lodge Room for Benevolent Societies), into a Breakfast and Dini no- Saloon, which is really well fitted up, and since its being opened', has proved a great desideratum, especially to those from the the interior; and arriving by the mails. As to the cuisine depart ment, comment would be superfluous, As Mr. H. has long since gained the reputation of being one of the best professed cooks in the colony, we can confidently recommend the same to those residing at a short distance fram Sydney. The charge is low, with good attendance, civility, and cleanliness, combined with the best of spirits, ales, &c.; Since the above has been opened, it has given the greatest satisfaction to numbers who have visited it. We wish Mr. H. every success, which he so well deserves. Eire.— Yesterday afternoon a fire broke out in a house in Princes-street, near the Beehive public house ; it originated in the chimney, but was speedily communicated to the roof ; nearly the whole of the shingles were destroyed. Several engines arrived at the fire, which was happily got under without any serious damage being done. Samuel Moore. — Inquiries have been made from England respecting Sauel Moore, who came to this colony in the ship " Bencoolen, in the year 1841 ; any person who can afford informa tion respecting him. is requessed to have the gooduess to«ommi> ' nicate the same to the office of the Immigration Agent. Inquests. — An inquest was held on Monday last, at Mr. Driver's, the Three Tuns, corner of Kin» and Elizabeth-streets, on the body of William Kelly, then lying dead in the Sydney Infirmary. From the evidence which was adduced, it appeared that on Thursday last week, a man named John Thomas, in the erapley of Mr. Stirling, of the North Shore, while cutting wood in the bush, perceived a fearful stench, which he attributed to oppostnms ; but being in the same locality on the following day, and the strong smell still con tinuing, he was induced to search about ; he shortly found a new white shirt, and at a small distance from this the mutilated body of a man. Some clothes were lying about : together with a pistol, a powder flask, a box of percussion caps, a coat, handkerchief red striped wastcoat, and a knife with two blades. The man im mediately reported the circumstance to Mr. Stirling, who sent for the police, and with them proceeded to the place where the remains were lying. In addition to the articles above enumerated a roll of notes, completely saturated with moisture, ten shillings In silver, two penny pieces, a bag of pistol bullets, a comb, a certificate of discharge from the employment of Messrs. Macarthur, and some other articles were found. The noties when dried were found to amount to £22. Some traces of blood were discernable on the rocks, near to where the pistol, which was a revolver, was found, and one of the pistol barrels was loaded. The body having been conveyed to the Infirmary, Dr. Nathan made a post mortem ex- mination of it ; and was of opinion that the body must have been dead i'or some weeks ; mest of the flesh was gone, and the right hand and the right foot were absent altogether. He had examined the skull, the spiral column, and most of the bones, but could not Serceive tny injury, which might have been inflicted previous to eath. There were' some marks en some of the bones, which he believed had been made by the teeth ef native dogs. He had no means of arriving at what had been the cause of 'death. Under these circumstance, the jury returned a verdict of " Found dead ; but how and by what means the jury cannot say." An inquest was held at the Lunatic Asylum, Tarban Creek, on Monday last, before Mr. B. Lyons, coroner for the district, on view of the body of Mary Ann Sruhen, an inmate, then and there lying dead. Dr. Campbell, superintendent of the establishment, being sworn, stated the particulars of the case, which proved to be the effects produced by aneurism of one of the passages to the heart There appeared to be a slight discave of the kidneys, but the cause - uf death was disease of the heart. The jury returned a- verdict accordingly. - - An inquest was held at Windsor, on Tuesday last, before the coroner Dr, Dowe, on view of the body of Robert Barbridge. The deceased was generally known by the style and title of K'ng John, or Port Macquarie John. He was seen by two of the police on Saturday night lying very mnch intoxicated in the street. They took him hame and laid him on his bed, which was on the floor of the old watch house, which he had been permitted to 'occupy. No more was heard of him until Monday morning, when a person went in and found him dead. His body on the floor his face on the bed. Yerdict that deceased died of suffication caused by intoxication. General Quarter Sessions. — The General Quarter Session for the city and district of Sydney commences on Monday next the 10th May, instant. The calandar is, as usual, very lengthy, there being forty-five cases for trial,- consisting chiefly of petty offences. Amount Op Gold Received. — The amount of gold received by the mails and escorts during the week, is as follows : — By mail, from Braidwood, 212 ozs, ; from Mudgee, 157 ozs. ; from Gunda- gai, 26 ozs. ; from Bath urst, 69 ozs. ; from Sofala, 186 ozs. ; from Murrurundi, 36 ozs. : total by mail 686 ozs. By escort, from Goulburn, 88 ozs. 8 dwts. 12 grs. ; from Braidwood, 252 ozs, 10 dwts. 12 grs. ; from Major's Creek, 265 ozs 18 dwts. ; from Bell's Creek, 263 ozs. 18 dwts ; from Bathurst, 240 ozs. 10 dwts. ; from Ophir, 18 ozs 14 dwts. ; from Sofala, 2427 ozs. 14 dwts. : total by escort 3557 ozs. 13 dwts — total by mail and escort, 4243 ozs. 13 dwts., which, at £3 4s. an ounce, amounts to £13,577 13s. 7d. — besides what may have come down by private hands. Church of England — A meeting of the laity of the Church of England, convened by circular, was held at the Boyal Hotel on Wednesday last ; about forty gentlemen were present. The Chair was taken by Mr. Darvall, M . L. C., who, in opening the business of the meeting, stated that they wei'e induced to meet on that occasion by an anxions feeling which pervaded all the members of the Church of England, on a matter of the mo3t vital importance. They had reason to apprehend great confusion in the church, in consequence of the differences which had recently sprung up, and at the la e meeting of the Bishop and the clergy, it was quite evident that the latter, were so subdued by the supremacy of in telligence and manner exhibited by the Bishop, that they were unfft to represent the laity, or even themselves. The majority of them were in tact young men totally dependent on the will of His Lordship, and it could scarcely be- expected that they would state the firm and independent sentiments of the laity, thereby rendering themselves likely to incur the displeasure of their diocesan. They (the laity) were all agreed that the power in the church should not be monopolised any one manor anyone body of men. He hoped they would arrive at a conclusion which would avert the deplorable, results that threatened the church in this colony, and he prayed to God that they would accomplish their object without creating any bad feeling between the laity and Bishop. He was afraid that if the Bishop persisted in his present course, the laity would be driven on the one hand into popery, and ou the other into dissent. After some discussion Mr. R. Sacllier moved a petition to the Qeeen on the subject, which wa3 seconded by Mr. W. R. Piddington ; but Mr. T. W, Smith, moved, as an amend ment the following resolutions, which were seconded by Mr. Cape, and ultimately carried, after which the meeting separated : — "1. That the petition to her Majesty the Queen, which was adopted by the Bishop and a majority of the clergy of this diocese on the 15th ApriJ, 1852, does not represent the opinions or wishes of the lay members of the Church of England in this diocese 2. That this resolution be embodied in a petition to her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, which shall, after being submitted for approval to a public meeting be presented to his Excellency the Governor General, for transmission to her Majesty. 3- That copies of the petition he forwarded by the Chairman to his Grace the Arch bishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor of England, and the Colonial Miuister. 4. That a Committee consisting of the follow ing gentlemen, namely, Messrs. T. W. Smith, R. Johnson, R. Sadlier, G. K. Holden, G._ King, "W. G. Pennington, T. S. Mort, and the Chairman be appointed to prepare the proposed petition.'1 It was understood that this Committee was to have their report ready at an early date. The Port Phillip Matl. — Last week the Overland Mail from Port Phillip arrived only once instead of twice ; this week we have had no mail at all. It is supposed that the creeks and rivers having overflowed their banks, the mail could not travel . What- i ever may be the cause of this delay and irregularity we think it calls for some interference on the part of the authorities r Native Police. — His Excellency the Governor -General has been pleased to appoint Charles Blandi'ord, Esq., to be Lieutenant of the third division of the Native Police. ' Assault. — One of those unhappy cases which arise from the E resent unhappy state of man in this world of confusion, noise, and ustle, came before the Police Court yesterday. It may be in the recollection of some of our readers, that an action is pending in the Supreme Court, Kettle v. M'Vitie, for seduction of plaintiff s daughter. And while that action is pending Mr. Kettle becomes responsible for having assaulted Dr. M'Vitie, on Saturday evening last, at the Victoria Hotel, Pitt-street Mr. Johnson was employed to conduct the prosecution, and addressed the court to the follow ing effect. He said that fie exceedingly regretted, that under the circumstances pending the trial that was to come on, the occurrence which had brought them into court had transpired, but there was no alternative, and his client was obliged to seek the aid of the Court in the manner he now did He had framed the information so as to preclude the Bench from dealing with it in a summary way. To avoid this, he had steered clear of the act which empowered them to do so, that, in the event of his clearly proving a malignant determination on the part of the defendant to commit a violent breach of the peace, he might be committed for trial at the Criminal Sessions. There were several witnesses to prove the assault, while there were none to be called by the defendant to disprove the offence; and he (Mr. Johnson) trusted that the defendant might not be allowed to bring others to go into matters which lie (defendant) might consider necessary to justify the aggression, when he had appealed to the law of the country for such satisfaction as it might be justified in awarding him. Dr M'Vitie was then sworn, and stated, that on Saturday evening last, between the hours of 8 and 9 o'clock, he was in companv with Lord Montague, they wished to find a party, and for that purpose went to the Victoria Hotel ; they passed through a room at the back of the bar, where they saw two persons, the defendant and Mr. Burgess ; from hence they went into the billiard-room, and from there to a room opposite to it ; they rang the bell ; he seated him self in an arm chair near the door ; Lord Montague sat right opposite to him ; the waiter came in, and almost at the same time the defendant, who came up to complainant and struck him a violent blow on the face, which drove one of his teeth through the lower lip, and then another on the head which stunned him ; complainant then seized defendant's hands, and while holding them the land lord endeavoured to prevent defendant from hitting him again ; defendant then picked up. complainants' stick and aimed a blow at his head, which he guarded and it fell on his arm ; Mr Burgess and the landlord then got him out of the room ; plaintiff then went to Dr. Bland, who dressed the wound, from which he suffered severe pain for two days ; the blood flowed profusely from the wound ; complainant was obliged to lift the lip over the tooth ; the defen dant said when he came up, " yon have been speaking disparagingly of my daughter, and I will murder you— you b — ." ; but complainant swore that he had never spoken of her, except to his lawyers, and to Mr Hanson in reply to an intimation that Mr. H. conveyed to him, that Mr. Kettle was about to. bring an action against hira,' he then said " it iVas a pity, for the youug lady's sake" ; he swpre positively that more than tins he had never said one word about her. Mr. Kettle then proceeded to cross-examine the complainant, but lie was in so excited a state that Mr. Dowling- was obliged to call him to order, and threaten him with the conse quences of contempt of Court if he persisted in giving way to his feelings. He did nothing in the way of shaking the examination in chief. Lord Montague was then called, who confirmed Dr. M'Vitie's statement, saying that the Doctor neither said or did anything, to provoke the attack of Mr. Kettle, and that the Doctor, as well as his Lordship, was perfectly sober. Mr. Kettle, in a very irregular manner, attempted to cross-examine his Lord ship. The Bench repeated the threat to deal with the defendant for contempt of Court. John Rose Holden, Esq , J. P., was called, who stated that some ?days previous to the assault he was at Mr. Egan's store, when Mr. Kettle came in, the conversation turned on the action Mr. Kettle had brought against the complainant, who said to witness that he would give him a severe beating the first opportunity ; witness advised him not to do so, as he had committed his case to the judicature of the country ; witness went and informed Dr. M'Vitie of the threat, and put him on his guard. Mr. Kettle so far forgot himself as to oblige the Bench to step forward with a prohibition to witness not to answer the question, and further admonished defendant, who was in a most pitiable state of excitement. Andrew Stone, the waiter, stated that as he went into the room to receive orders from the gentlemen who had rung the bell, he saw' a violent and unprovoked assault committed on Dr. M'Vitie by defendant; he then ran down stairs and called the master. In this cross-examination Mr. Kettle was within bounds, but it proved of little value to him Mr. Andrew Torning was examined, who said that he went up stairs, from what his waiter told him, and when he entered the room he saw the Doctor's head in chancery, as it is termed in Boxiana ; he separated them, and ultimately got Mr. Kettle out of the room. The cross-examination of Mr. Kettle was unimportant, but defendant could not restrain himself even after all the warnings he had received. Here the case closed for the prosecutor, and the further hearing of this matter is postponed until Monday at noon. Assault.— James Yeoraans appeared yesterday on the floor of the Court to answer to the complaint of Maria Mitchell. It may he in the remembrance of our readers, that a paragraph appeared in our last ussue, under the head of " Sydney Socialities." This case is an episode on that. Maria employed Mr. Nichol's to con duct the prosecution for her. It seemed that on the 5th iustant Maria was sitting at tea with some friends, in the house, when Yeoman's came in, kicked her out of the chair in which she was sitting and desired her to go and get something to drink;1 she obeyed and brought it, placed it on the table and ran out of the house; Yeoman followed her into a lane, kicked her, dragged her by the hair of the head, and she was only rescued from him by the interference of the police. The cross-examination wag conducted by Mr Roberts. She stated that she had been living with defen dant for two or three months as his mistress, this connexion ceased on the 5th May ; she said she was not jealous of him," she had too good an opinion of herself to be jealous of such a man as that, looking daggers at the defendant ; she did not threaten him with this prosecution ; she had drunk a3 much as did her good Here a little sparring took place to ascertain the quantity, which the magistrate terminated by giving his opinion that she could drink a good quantity. Mr. Roberts, on behalf of the defendant, said that after Maria had tasted all the sweets and comforts of e home, it was very ungrateful for her to turn round now and prosecute the man who had bestowed so much upon her. Some remark was made which drew the following observation from Mr. Roberts, " I do not think that ' Gipsey Maria's' attractions are of sufficient power to draw any gentleman on the Bench out of the paths of propriety." Defehdant was found guilty of the assault, and fined £1 4s. 6d. Stealing from the Person. — 4 man named John Johnson was. brought before the Police Bench, yesterday, as the man who was in company with the man who had robbed Mr. Smith at the Theatre, on Tuesday night, of £57, and a large sum of money was found on the prisoner, consisting of notes, sovereigns, and foreign coin, but as there was no evidence to criminate him, he was discharged. New Post Offices.— Notice is hereby given that Post Offices havo been established at the following places Euston, in the Lower Darling District, and Bendai in the County of King. Parties are therefore recommended to advise their correspondents accordingly, in order that their letters and newspapers may Bb addsessed to those places distinctly by name, to ensure their being duly forwarded. — W. H. Christie, Postmaster. New Magistrates. — His Excellency the Govefnor-General ha9 been pleased to appoint the undermentioned gentlemen to be Magistrates of the territory and its dependencies : — Charles Bland- ford, Esq., Lieutenant in the third division of the Native Police ; Patrick Bogue, Esq., of Tambaronra. Slaughtering-House Act. — Thomas Wall, the occupier of a slaughter-House in Sussex-street, was summoned by the Inspector of Nuisances, to answer an information filed against him, uuder tbe 11th section of the Act. The offence was alleged to have been committed on the 16 th of last month. The constable and Mr: Oatley both deposed to the fact of haying seen the premises in the state which had led to this information. Mr. Wall was fined,, on Monday last, £5 — half to go to the informer and half to the Crown. Stealing. — " He who has but impudence — To all things has ,a fair pretence." — Professor Harris of the light-fingered academy, or, as his alias reads, John Harris, in order to show his skill in the art of trans (erring property, walked into Mr. Samuel Cunningham's shop, George-street, wliere he " suffers" for coats and other habili ments. On Saturday last while plying his trade professor Harris stepped in, helped himself to a pilot cloth coat, and walked away witn it ; when Mr. C. stopped him he boldly said he had paid for it — On Monday he was committed for trial. StkAling. - Mary Murphy and Mary Neil were brought up on Thursday, before the Bench, for having stolen some wet linen exposed to dry on the premises of a person named Enderby. When the prisoners were apprehended they were in a beastly 6tate vof in toxication, and with them was another woman who has three children that she has deserted times without number,' to enable lior to participate in all the inlamy and debaucheries of the others — she is notoriously known to the police as Maria Sutherland — she had so destroyed her health that the constable who gave evidence against her as being one of the trio, said he did not think she would out-live the day. Mr Dowling ordered that a cab might be sent for to convey her from the watch-house to the Infirmary. The other two were discharged as no prosecutor appeared. "Thou shalt not steal." — A small baking -dish and a jug, valued at Is. 3d., were produced in Court yesterday as the pro perty jof Mrs. Taylor; they were found on the premises of ltosina M'Guire, who was placed in the dock to answer to the charge of having them in her possession, inasmuch, that the jng was found rolled up in a petticoat, and the dish was in the same room. Prisoner said, they were brought there by other parties. She was committed to take her trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions. A Parson Extraordinary. — Henry Groliam was put into the dock at the Police Office yesterday, to answer to the following, charge. The apprehending constable stated, that between the hours of 9 and 10 o'clock yesterday morning the jSexton of St. Philip's Church came to him and stated that there was a man in the pulpit turning over the books. ' He went up the steps to bring him down when he sent him flying from the effects of a blow he struck him, saying at the same time, that he was Parson and that the constable was the Clerk. The bench after hearing his poor aged mother's statement, who proved her unhappy son to be insane sent him to gaol for medical treatment. Slaughtering Acr.— Mr- John Ryan, on Thursday appeared before the Bench to answer an information filed by Mr S. Hi Pearce, Commissioner of Crown Lands, for a breach of tbe Slaughtering Act, in having neglected to destroy by fire a certain beast which had died of decease on bis premises, Mr. Cory con ducted the proseoution, and Mr. Nichols the defence. The case was dismissed, and Mr. Nichols applied for the defendant's costs', a when their Worships ordered twenty shillings to be paid by Mr. .Pearce to the defendant, in Mr. Nichols address to the Bench, he took occasion to comment on the provisions of the Act in question as of a very oppressive character, and stated one instance. By one of the clauses ic was enacted that air animals dying of disease in any place otifc of the city, shall l>e destroyed by fire on the spot, and a penalty is imposed for removing them. In a certain country pluce a Bullock fell down and died near a wooden building ; the ocennier of the house would not allow the owner of the beast to set fire to it there lest his house should he destroyed, aud a con- stable who came up while the debate was wa rn w u d not allow thtf unfortunate owner to remove the carcass for destruction. The diotum of the policeman having more weight with tbe grazier tnan '.he opposition of the former, be set to and burnt the body where it lay, in conseq aence of which the but was injured.for whiob he was summon, d bo fore a Bmch of Justices ana sentenced to pay £16 and upwards for damages. Robb&ry.;— Mr. Charles Manning was crossing the Old Barrack Square on Thursday, about two o'clock in the 'afternoon, when ho addressed two persons, one respectably -clad, the other shabby genteel, and inquired for the residence of a certain person, at the same instant Mr. M. felt a slight impression on the outside pocket of his frock coat. He placed his hand upon it, and found his pocket-book gone, and simultaneously saw it dexterously conveyed from one to the other. He first seized upon the man who passed it, but finding the other had made off, he quitted his hold and ran in pursuit, ivlien the fugitive found he was closely pursued, he threw the pocket-book n p. in .the air t<dLvert Mr. '8 attention, so as to enable him to getaway. This, however, was defeated by Mr. M. calling out in George-street to stop the man, who was secured in Hunter -street, and the. pocket-book .picked up. Yesterday morning John Fry wus placed in the. dock at the Police Office to answer to the charge of having received the. pocket-book and its contents, consisting of four one pound notes and a cheqqe drawn in favour of the prosecutor on the Bunk of Australasia for £8 knowing the same to be stolen. He, was asked what he had to say? His reply was, that he was going down George-street on his own business at the time of his apprehension. He was committed for trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions. Hyde Park — John Strettles appeared before the Bench yesterday, to answer an information filed by H. Cogan, who described himself as an overseer employed by the Committee of Management of Hyde Park, for having obstructed him in the i xecution of his duty. A'ter having heard tbe case, tbe magis trates were of opiniou that the effeuoa or obstruction was proved - t iey fined him in tbe minimum penalty of 5j. without costs. Fatal Accident. — An old man named Carrutfeere, a resident at Irish Corner, near Arraluen, was discovered lying tro=ui in the busb, about eighteen y.trds from the road leading from Captain Cogbill's residence, towards Dr. Bill's, Id is supposed that he had been throwu from his horse on Tuuraday last wotk ; although the body, notwithstanding its proximity to the frequented thoroughfare, was only found on Saturday, laiormation of the circumstance. haviDg beeu forwarded to Mr. Hogg, Cbief Constable at Braidwood, the body was removed aud conveyed to Irish Carnerprtvious to its interment. An. Apparition.— Last Friday week, no less than between 2000 'and 3000 persons were on the look oat for a ghost on a house in Brickfield Hill, In onr issue of to-day we can present them with a faithful account of an apparition whioh appeared to an officer of the- -Rfgiment, at Madras, and we trnst that the awful consequences which ensued, may be a warning to practical jokes. One evening, after mesB, the subject of supernatural appearances was diBeussed ; one of the gen lemen said, he would defy any ghost to frighten him— on this, one of his brother officers laid him a-wager that he would frighten him ; the bet was taken. The party who accepted the challenge against which he pronounced his courage inviolate, was awoke in the night by the appearanoe of an awful looking personage standing near biB bed side. He viewed it for an instant, then said, " Now Tom, declare yourself, or you are a dead man," and suiting the aotion to the word, produced bis brace of pistols. The spectre stood, and uttered some unintelligible jargon or other. Powis again said, I will fire nnless your im mediately retire, instead of which, the figure advanced nearer, and at the same time the awakened man discharged his pistol, the report was no sooner heard than he felt the ball strike himself instead of the objeot at which he bad fired. He inclined back pausing awhile, and without another word fired his second, the ball of this was also returned to him. Tnis was more than he had oaloulated upon. He fell baok dead. The artifice employed was as keen as it was fata1. The supposed apparition bad guessed that his brother officer would have resource to his weapons, and he sought an Opportunity to get hold of them to draw the balls, and when be went into his room he was prepared to return them as the pistols went off, in the event of Powis not finding ouj the scheme he had adopted to win his wager. This he chanced, and lamentable to say, a fine young fellow fell a victim to a very silly joke. The Beau Stratgbm. — Do there's a good fellow, Bob, run and see if you can't get the money out of him. On Wednesday after noon, between 1 and 2 o'clock, a constable who was in Clarence- street saw a man running at the top of his speed aloDg the street, and at the same time beard a man named Spenoer and Mrs. Lons dale, the landlady of a public house, calling oat stop tbief tho constable and Spencer came up with the fugitive named Robert Wilson as he was about to enter the Royal Oak. Spencer told the constable that Wilson bad robbed him by snatching some notes from his waistcoat pocket— these the constable found in his (Wilson's) hand, when be captured him. Wilson was taken to the watch house charged with robbery. In the course of the day Spencer was so drunk as to oblige the constables to remove him irom the streets into custody, and on Thursday morning he appeared in two cbaraoters, first as prosecutor. Let him tell his own tale, '"I came," said he, " from the diggings by mail on Wednesday, with about £10 in my pocket to cover all expenses. I was drinking at a house in Clarence-street, when the prisoner, who I knew very well, came in, I treated him, and from what 1 had to drink 1 was .very drunk ; he wished me to go home, saying my wife had sent him to bring me to her, finding I would not go, he begged me to give bim the money for her ; this I refused to do, at last he made a snatch at it from my waistcoat pocket and ran away, I then called out stop thief, and Mrs. Londsdale likewise, he was secured by a policeman, but I am sure he bad no intention of robbing me." Mrs. Spenoer, who was in Court, confirmed this statement, adding that she had sent Wilson to her husband, who had been absent from her for six months, during whioh time she had not received any assistance from -him, and that she had acoidently heard that he had at last oome to Sydney, and was squandering his money instead of coming home, and plaoing some of it at her disposal. The Bench askdd Spenoer if that was (he faot, he replied it was. On this statement the Magistrates discharged Wilson, who had acted a meritorious part by endeavouriag to rescue some of the money for the use of the wife. The next oase had hardly oommenced, when Mrs. Spencer's voioe was heard loud and oiear outside the Cour'. Spenoer was admonished by the Conrt to go home and make that home happy, instead of rendering it miserable by his thoughtless dissipation, he promised to do so. He was then asked what he had to say about being drunk, he could only plead the ex cuse of many a jolly digger, &c.;, &c.; He was then discharged and left the Court. Golu- Washing by "Sluices."— This operation is well under stood at the Californian mines, but till recently at our own diggings has been comparatively negleoted by the New South Wales diggers, and from the want of a copious supply of water, has not, we, under stand been tried at Mount Alexander. The efficiency of the pro- ' cess wherever it has been applied, has already given it the stamp of superiority to any other method of extracting the gold from the soil hitherto in use, and at Lower Bell's Creek, immediately above the falls over the Araluen Mountain, it has become a sine qua non for the diggers in that division of the oreek to have a sluice in pursuing their labours. It is extremely simple, and at once super sedes the use of the long torn, to whioh to a certain extent it some what bears a resemblance, and throws overboard the rude barbarous things called cradles. It oombines all the advantages of the torn in respeot of its cheapness and capacity for extensive washing, secures the gold more effeotually, and shames the waBiefulness of the oradle, in as far as almost no gold can be deteoted in its tail ings. The machine, if it deserves such a name, is simply a series of shoots, about one foot wide at the bottom, made either of hard wood, cedar, or gum tree bark, er stringy bark, of any desirable lengths, whioh is fed with a constant stream from a dam, and sup plied through the regulating medium of a tap or Bluioe gate. Any quantity of stuff may be thrown into the shoots, and all sorts of soil, from the grass downwards to the bed rock, including all old tailings, cradlings, and other people's castaways. The inclined shoots terminate at the ground, and two or three Btones being placed against the end of it, the gold in its passage out, through its gravity, takes its stand behind the stones, where one hand with a pronged shovel keeps the sand and gravel stirred, to admit of the preoions metal settling down effectually. The day's profits are washed out at night with the tin dish, and the residuum thus secured by so simple a con trivanee, out of suoh indifferent materials, is really astonishing. In the locality alluded to, the returns exceed all the expeotations of the parties engaged at the works ; and they confidently predict that there is not an inch of the grounds which have been burrowed out by the wasteful process of the early dig gers, whioh will not eventually be put through the " sluice" ia every part of the extensive gold fields of this oolony ; and with suoh a powerful washer, which oau dispose of hundreds of tons of materials if required, there iB a certainty of lucrative employment for tens of thousands of diggers for ages to oome. At this rate, no matter how great may be any future flood of emigration, any temporary . superabundance of labour in the market will find a ready means of advantageously disposing of itself through the golden sluices. Two Mbn Drowned. — A party who passed through Goulburn, ou Sunday last, reports his having seen the bodies of two men taken out of a deep water hole, on the plain behind Bradley's Mills. They had been seen leaving the town with a horse team, it is reported, on Wednesday week, and having mistaken their road had inadvertently driven into the hole, whioh was about eighteen feet deep. An inquest was to have been held aiter our informant left ; but he understood that the parties had been in the employ ment of Mr. Faithful, although he did not learn the name oi eicuor of tueui. Tub Chinbsk Buyers, alias thb Proprietors of Shambles where Chinese arm Sold — Alive! — Two more of those most revolting illustrations of the China slave trade were exhibited at the Police Court, on Thursday before Messrs. Dowling and Allen. We forbear to oomment on the cases,' they speak for themselves. A chinaman of the name of Jeepo was again brought before the Bench, having been remanded for want of an interpreter for forty-eight hours. The prosecutor, Joseph Smyth, is in the employ of a Mr. Darvall, who has a tannery at Botany. Poor Jeepo and his mates were drafted from their buyers hands into those of their pur chasers on the 9th April last. He contracted, according to his agreement , to servo Mr. Darvall, for five year?, for a certain consideration. Teepe, in this month, bolts from his master, a warrant is isoued for his apprehension, and he is detained an un usual length of time that a proper interpreter m3y be had and obtained, neither Mr. Ceasar nor the prosecutor could obtain one. Failing to prove his desertion the prosecutor told a tale about Jeepo having committed a violent assault on one of his mates— this would not do either. When Mr. Darvall found the stand the worthy magistrates made against dealing with poor Jeepo in any other way than that of discharging him, he said, " I will not take him back nnless he is punished." Smyth said he knew of an inter preter, and conld get him if the Bench would postpone the case. Alderman Allen said that they oould not keep him, and when they discharged him where was he to go. Mr. Dowling saw no alterna tive but the Benevolent Asylnm to support him and others who might be thrown upon the public for support — Jeepo was diB- oharged, and the proseoutor and his master left the court. Tne next case was that of Cboo Neang, who was apprehended the othe r day, for having deserted from his work. Mr. R. Poole, in the employ of Mr. Herbert, saw the prisoner the other day on Cbureh Hill, and knew him to be the same man who had absconded from Mr. Herbert. Mr. Caesar was required to act as interpreter, he showed his incompetency at onee ; and more than that, he said, the man they had just discharged, but who was s ill in court, oould not speak to bun. This tact is a very important one, inas much as it proves that these men are from all parts of the country, oolleoted and driven to Amoy to be disposed of to the best advantage. Alderman Allen asked Poole, " if that, pointing to the man on the floor of the Conrt, was one of those he had bought for £15." " Thirteen pounds, your Worship !" "Can yon swear that he is one of those you bought ?" " Yes, I can, was the'reply." Mr. Poole said that he understood that Cboo Neang had been begging since March last, when he effected bis escape. Alderman Allen was of opinion that those gentleman who imported these men should find proper interpreters. The worthy Magistrate asked Mr. Poole " if the man had been an Englishman oould they detain him under all the circumstances r" Mr. Dowling agreed with Mr. Allen that he must be discharged, Lovb First, Law After. — " Oh ! Nanny wilt thou gang wie me." Was addressed" to Jane James, of the Pave, who nothing loth repaired with Bill Bell, the sailor, to Joe Smith's, on Monday night. Here he was received by Joe, his mate, and his man, the latter did the office of boots, and he and his nymph of the night, were shown into a private appartment, there to solace themselves till rosy mora should again unlock the crystal gates of light. But long previous to the sable curtain of night being withdrawn, Jack missed his cash amounting to £18, from his breeohes pocket, which he had put away carefully under bis pillow before be went to sleep Mr. Nichol'a who appeared for Jane, on Wednesday, asked the prosecutor if he did not think he deserved to lose his money, and whether he would not have been surprised if be had found it all right the next morning. To each of these questions he replied in the negative. In the first place, he looked upon tho accommodation afforded him as a matter of business, and that having paid for it, he bad no right to be robbed, and as for the second, he manifested a Iperfect ignorance of the connexion whioh exists between ladies of Jane James' stamp, and their desire for bank notes. The woman was committed for trial at next Quarter Ses sions. Roads. — It was remarked to the author of this paragraph noc long since, that on the Great Western Roads, as wall as on the Great Southern Road there were several toll gates, and from the condition of the roads, it naturally ooourred for him to ask what beoame of all the money that was exacted from the public to keep theBe roads in repair ? Seeing that the people had to pay for roads which in point of condition, were worse than a rough water oourse. Either the roads should be repaired, or the toll refused, or if paid, the trustees or the Government ought to be arraigned for obtaining money under false pretences. I Could but I Won't. — John Ropiok for the five and twentieth time appeared before Alderman Egan, on Wednesday, charged with having been drunk and fighting in the streets. The frequent appearance of John before his Worship, was occasioned from his having been guilty of almost every petty offence. " I could deal with you," said the Alderman, '' as a rongue and vagabond, but I will not do so this time, I shall therefore order you John Ropiok, to give sureties for your good behaviour, or in default of whioh, you stand oommitted to gaol until the next Court of Qaarter Sessions." Sureties not being available, John bad to supply their plaoe by going to gaol. The Nblson Piracy. — We have been requested to publish the following memorandum: — "Police Office, Sydney, 30th April, 1852\. A description of two men, who are supposed to have been concerned in the late Melbourne gold roobery, at Viotoria, and are now supposed to be in Sidney : — A man, who gave his name as Henry Thompson, about 5 feet 4 or 5 inches high, very dark hair, thin nose, flushed and freokled face, about 35 to 40 years old, bad on a suit of good black cloth clothes, black felt California hat, and thick soled half- Wellington boots. The other called himself Joseph Hume, about 5 feet 8 or 9 inches high, about 28 years old, had on a blue and black tartan coat, light colored tweed waistcoat, black oloth trousers, Panama hat, thick soled half-Wellingtons, a >neckerohief with brown ground and red stripes, tied very loose round his neok. Both were common working men, but wished to pass for gentlemen. The little man had been cook at a public- house on the Melbourne aide ; the publican, who happened by ohanoe to see him, told the mailman bo, and said be supposed he had been luoky at the diggings, and for that reason did not wish to be recognised. 'They had only one small bundle, large enough for 3 or 4 shirts, between them, and it was very heavy ; and had plenty of money in sovereigns. — W. C. Mayne, Inspector- General. —Inspector General of Police, Sydney, April 30th, 1852." 