* THE EMPIRE. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1852. MANUFACTURERS AND PRODUCERS. TUE pinch of the labour question appears to have como nt luBt. Tho appeals of the Australian colonists have boon answered i» an unexpected quarter. Nature lins nettled for thom n question which succes- sive Coloniul Ministers have been too indolent or too obstinate seriously to address themselves to. While tho intc' roat of the producer only was affected, it was treated ns a matter of very little moment ; while there was no prospect of u deficient supply of tho groat manufacturing staple, while it was unlcnown or undreamed of that Australia was a gold-prod ticing country, tho British Minister could afford to take high ground, and obstinately to refuse to the colonists tho natural liberty which they sought of mannging their Im- migration business for themselves. The manufacturing interest in tho mother country has now takon tho alarm ; the Imperial Govcrntnont is forcibly reminded that four-fifths of tlio raw material oin ployed iii ber woollen manufactura is the growth of tho Australia!] colonies, timi that, without labour, it can never bo brought to market. . The -g ld discovery has drawn off the labourers from the oki field of production-tho prospcc! of realisation of tho next wool clip is laosl gloomy-ruin is impending over tho manu facturer. The energies of the nation have at length been fairly roused into action ; the national hearthas been reached throng! the national pocket. Tlie matter appears to have taken nil por ties by surprise. The folly of shirking cota nial questions that involve difficulty or in convenience, until their pressure becomes irresistible, is now manifest. This is nc new subject of complaint on the part ol tho colonists. Had the waste lands been given up years ago, an immigration ma- chinery would ere this have been organised under which » constant supply of Inborn would have been ensured ; in tho mean time the urgent demands of tho colouj have been met by miserable driblets, and the wretched expedient of immigration loans has boen compulsorily had recourse to-a laudable policy, that of mortgaging thelandto avoid theinconvenience ofhaving the titletosell itdiscusscd. The Secretary ol State, yerung in colonial grievances, and having one now to encounter with a sharpei sting than ordinary, finds himself in a position of some embarrassment. Thc Land and ; Emigration Board, made but for common emergencies, can afford little help. There is a liberal promise from thc head of the Government of" eight ships per month for seven months, but tho dii'li cu!tie3 in the . way of its fulfilment are serious. Twelve months ago, ships were a drug, and labourers superabundant ; free trade and reciprocity have opened new ports for tho ono, and. new fields for tho employment of the other ; the commer- cial vacuum is filled, there Í3 little compa- rative pressure on the resources of the nation ; emigration is no longer a question of life or death. The colonists have now to learn from experience the wisdom and foresight of their Imperial stewards. Tho nmple funds placed at tho disposal of the Home Government for Immigration pur- poses, will, it appears, now go very little more, than half the way they would have gone twelve months ago, owing to the general rise of freights, which has caused tho contract prico of passage to Australia to rise from ¿£10 to ¿£1S per hoad. So much-for a Government meddling in n matter with which it has no concern ¡ the result has in "this case been not merely I misclîievons,'bnt almost ruinous. Our 'Yorkshire- friends ; must, we imagine, be perfectly at their wits' end in this crisis. Upon no other supposition, are we able to account for the monstrous absurdities put forth by one of their prin- cipal organs, the Economist,* upon tho subject of a supply of labour to meet the urgent'demand of the Australian colonies. In an article published in that journal on I tho 22nd May last, tho urgency of tho case is clearly slated, and some of the difficulties to which we have already ad- verted, awfully set forth. The writer's statement ns to' the deficiency of labour in highest contemporaneous authority of the London daily press, viz., that thore wore then no less than 137,000 adult persons in that country in receipt of parish relief. The pressure of population in the High- lands and Islands of Scotland, is also un- accountably loft out of view. Admitting, however, tho force of the' difficulties suggested by tho writor in the wny of a free emigration to Australia from tho British Isles, his mode of obvi- ating thom is not a little amusing for the cool, calculating, shopkeeper spirit in which it is propounded. The first of theso suggestions is for thc Government " to scud out as many of the prisoners who at present occupy our gaols ns have undergone some degree of reformatory discipline under restriction of allocation." Tho writer disposes of the matter without anticipating tho ghost of an objection from tho parties principally concerned. " Convicts," wo aro told, "'will not now bo objected to." There is n weak police, it is true, and the convict labourers may desert to the gold fields, but overleaping theso littlo obstacles, the Economist writer precipitates himself to tho conclusion that there is no other course tho Government .con luke thnt would bo so likely to succeed. Tho other suggestion is no less than the recruiting of our labour ifield by an im- migration of Celestials, for which wo aro furnished with tho recommendatory ex- ample of Cuba and tho Western States of South America. Tho writer might have added, for the edification of his manufac- turing readers, the example of New South Wales-ns nn employer of Chinese labour; but ho was cautious not to speculate too much upon their credulity, or to expose too greatly his own ignoranoe. Doubtless, upon investigation, it will bo found that tho social and economical results of Celes- tial labour havo not boen much moro ; profitable in the ono case than in tho other. Tho remarks of the Economist, to which wo have adverted, only servo to show the vast amount of popular igno .raneo still obtaining in the Motlier Country with reference to tho social stato of the Australian colonies. Those colonies ap- pear only to have a pince in tho manu- facturing mind of which tho Economist is, the exponent, ns great wool- producing countries, just ns tho slave states of Cuba, Brazil, and North America aro lookod upon as producers of sugar, coffee, and cotton. Politicnl rights nnd moral re- sponsibilities havo no loaf open for thom in the ledger, and appear strange and uncouth sounds in thc phraseology of a Yorkshire Cloth Hall. To suppose that a Now South Wales colonist can reason nbont tho productiveness or un- productiveness of predial labour, orí that ho can value tho welfare of his children and his children's children over and above tho filthy lucre of un extra profit upon a bale of wool, created by con ° Seo nil ¡du extracted into thc Jimpirt on Friday hist. ! viet Jabour, would, it appears* not raise I him mucb in the estimation of bis English I customers. To expose the absurdities of J the great commercial journal, would only I be to figlrt over again tho Anti-Transpor- tation battle, a task which wo should deem I no loss a loss of labour than would our enlightened London contemporary that of an onslaught on the corpse of Protection. We shall not, any more than in his case would our contemporary, stir up the fecu- lence of tho exhausted gutter. Though wo have, through tho maladministration of our waste lands and the improvident ma- nagement of our í inmigration resources, been crippled in our means of «oping with a sudden and unforeseen contingciiC3' which has smitten with a temporary pa- ralysis one of the material sources of our wealth, there is, thank God, energy enough in us yet to avert the calamity without invoking a remedy a thousand- fold worse than thc disease. Our social condition must be forlorn, indeed, if we want the aid of theoff-scourings of human- ity ..to enable us to weather tho storm. We forbear, however, to waste words upon a theme so contemptible. A serious refutation of the arguments of this il 1 informed writer would be a tacit admission of our own ignorance and incompetency to deal with questions affecting our national welfare. Wc lind rather leave them to sink, by tho weight of their inherent ab- surdity, in the cstimation'of tho British public. 