LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. LiEVEE. - His Excellency »lie Go- vernor General will hoi J a Levee at Gox-ernroont »I louse, on Mouilny, tho 21-th itistnnt, nt ono o'clock, in honor of her Majesty's Birthday. Hy command, A. C. FITZ HOT, Captain Uoyal Ar- tillery, Aide-do. Camp.-Hcyulations for thc Levee. 2-l(/» instant. - Gentlemen purposing to attend tho Leveo will assenihlo in tho Hall Room, except in tho following cases, viz.: T'lioso gentlemen who havo received cards fur enlree, who will pass into tho nntl- chamher ad- joining the principal Drawing-room ; ntid public bodies to bo presented to his Kxcoilency, who will assemble in tho olTicial npnrtmoi.ts to tho left of tim hall. All gentlemen attending the Levco to bo dressed in full evening costume. K.ich gentleman to ho provided with two cards with his name legibly written thereon. One card to ho left on tho table at thc entrance, nnd tho other to bo given to tho Aide-do-Camp. By command, A. C. L. FITZ UOÏ, Captain Royal Artillery, Aide-do-Camp. MERCHANT SKAMRX.- Ills Excellency tho Go- vernor General directs it to ho notified that a licenso bas boen issued to Mr Robert Rogers, of Sydney, under tho Act of Council 11 Victoria, No. 23, to eiiab'o him to hire, engage, supply, nud próvido seimon, to be entered on board merchant ships during tho year commencing on the 4th instant.- Uovemmenl (lazette. LFGISI.*riva COUNCIL.-The Inspector Generil of Police, II. C. Mayiio, Ksq., bas boen apponlted R'I official member of the Legislative Council, In lieu of tho late Inspector Getieial, Mr Spain, resigned ¡ and William Darvic Chris tio, ki"], in tho room of William Lithgow, Esq, resigned. MATCH EXTRAOUMNAIIY.-A mulch against time is said to bo on tho Í.T;>ÍÍ between tho next rain and the arrivai of the next ship from longland. Tho odds are decidedly In favor of tho former. Knell being over duo, the result is looked forwarded to w th much interest from tho South Head. UNapiiKKMirn PLKOOES.-Will be sold oo Tuesday next by Mr Couk-burn, together with a variety of " unredeemed pledges.'. Mr W - R.'n promlso to pay his nccon t, unless our just demands bo previously satisfied. WK are requested to state that THE Mr Burgess mentioned in our last week's police roport, is not the Mr Burgess, tho cats' incut man, nf Brougham Placo. APPOINTMENTS GAZETTED. Henry Brown to bo Medical Attendant to tho Native Poliuo in tho northern districts s Mr Arthur Du lloiirdicu to bo Clerk of Petty Ses- sions nt Brouteo ; and Mr Abraham Kurshan, Chict Constable ut Hillalong, to bo in Inspector ot Distilleries. A HIST.-Tho gentleman who has averred that the bit* of n rope is harmlos*, is politely referred to any mariner's apprentice, or cabin boy, for moro »trim/-gent and corn diva inform- ation. A FLKKTINO ANTICIPATION of 1952.-From tho Times The Australian Fleet anchored at Spit-head un Wednesday last, after a favorable passage from Sydney of 23 days 4 hours and 15 minutos. On their passago thoy spoke the Aerial Lighning off the Cape of Good Hope 13 days out from London, all well. Threo of tho vessels aro freighted with precious stones, principally diamonds from tho Maneroo mines, the rest of tho treasure consists of gold and silvor, quicksilver, and platina. TUB VicTontA, TIIKATRB.-Tho drama of " Enseno Aram'' has hoon producod twice dur- ing tho week, nnd on each occasion wns well re- ceived. " "S'ortnn," on Thursday ovening, al traoted a »elect ond fashionable oirole. Tho admlrabln farce of tho " House Dog*' has* proved a deoiilud hit, nnd Its repetition is eagerly anti- cipated. For "Monday night Mr Ncsbitl's np ponrnnce ns Shylock is announced, being his first representation of that- character during tho Inst niuo-years. Tho minor entertainments of tho past week wero'solootod with judgmotit, and, . aa a matter of course, rocolvod vrcll-mcrltod applause". " A- FLOUR Snow. - On Wednesday evening a eonversaUone of tue crail/fraternity wa« held in tlio Cliief Baker's drawing-roam Mr Kisslngcrust in tho clinlr. We.'ns io"duty hound, wore in attendance but tho «. yeast" of the nruumcnt wo confess ourselves at a loss to undurstaiid. A rise was taken, which resulted in several of those present turning Gray upon tho occasion. To record that the company wero tolerably well baked ore they separated, would ho superiluous. ANOTHER MYSTERY.-There is a little man with staring goggles, a wouid-be- tbought-a man, who has frequented tho Royal of Info, re- specting . whom we feel curious of obtaining information. Ho has cultivated n mangy mus" tache, wbethor nt the digging« or elsewhere we know not- he I« a decided mystery. A thing of threads and patches ; who occasionally Tentures to put in a word to engender a broil amongst those present, but studiously avoids engaging in one himself. Can any of our readers fathom this mystery ! THE LATEST FASHIONS.-" Hair trig- gers''is the term in these latter days appliod to ladies'hair net confinera, ns'the moment you touch them they are npt to go off. whether tbs hair be powdered or not. N.B.-Tho hair in those ca- ea is invariably capped. ECCLESIASTICAL I.NTFJLLIGFNCK.-It is ru- moured that during the temporary nbsenco tf the Bishop of Sydney from this country, on his mis- sion relative to the future government of tho church, Mr F. L. S. Merewether will bo np pointed Acting Bishop, with nn increased salary. Tho capabilities of this gentleman for offices and increased salaries aro astonishing. Wo would siigge.-t that a bill be introduced into the Connell nest Session, giving him a salary upon an up sliding scale. This would provent an infinity of troublo in removals from ono department to another ; and wo should imagino would bo moro satisfactory to tho gentleman himself, THE MAJESTY OF RANK.-"Who is that ?" inquired Councillor Peden of his neigh- bour, while awaiting in tho Police-offico tho judgment of the Bench in the case of M'Vitie v. ICettlo. The gentleman to whom tho worthy Councillor referred, had been accommodated with a scat upon tho Bench. " That is Lord Montague,'' replied his friend. Councillor Peden-" Lord Montague ! good lord ! but is he a real lord I !" Friend-" Very real, I believe." Councillor Peden-" Oh, my good gracious goodness mo. Lord ha' mercy upon us." A GHNTLEMAN OF TUB ROLLS !-The un- fortunate individual to whom wo had occasion to alludo in a recent issue, as having made a mast discreditable exhibition of his spiritual weakness in tho George-street Police-offico. was on Saturday last summarily ejected from the Court of Requests in custody of a policeman, by order of tho Commissioner. The lamentabln failing of this gentleman ! cannot but bo regret- ted : not only on his own account, but inasmuch as such misconduct indirectly reflects discredit on Ibo profession nf which he is so thirsty an ornament. Let him reflect upon our warning ; and at the samo time understand that with our oyo upon him, nothing cnn or shall shield bini from tho exposuro ho merits. NEW DI-PHNDENCY. - By dispatches windi have been lately recoived from the Hiebt Honorable the Secretary of State, we learn that his Lordship lins advised lief Majesty to erect tho island of Pinchgut into n separate colony ; and has further recommence I Simpleton Henry Peace, Esq., Commissioner of Crown Sands, to bo tho first Lientennnt-Govornor of the New Dependency. His Excellency has announced his intern inn ofemharking for his sent of govern- ment in Queen Gooseberry's canoe, which her sable majesty baa been graciously plcasod to place nt his Excellency's disposal. Two TROUBLES TUR LESS.- E. G. Cory, Esquire, and tho Brickfield Hill Ghost, ha'vo generously withdrawn their notices of action against us, under thc advico, wo aro informed, of a great Police Authority. We thank both gen- tlemen for their forbearance ¡ and hope they'll never do to again. NOT VERY COMPLIMENTARY OF ST. UDRS. -" Don't you think Miss Demeanour tho great- est nnisnnco in Sydney ? ? asked tho facetious Inspector, of Simp'ctou Henry, ono of tho com dany of jolly sand boys. " Perhaps so," replied S. IL, but you're not quito up to so many ! " plants " as I am. " I was down to thc Bark Huts plant nt all events," retorted tho Saint. 5\. II.shut up. CONJUGAL AFFECTION. - Couuctllor Thomas who rises every morning at 5 o'clock for tho purpose of perusing tho inner column of tho Sydney Morning Herald, whero tho registry of births, deaths, and marriages, usually appears, was much minored nt finding that all-importai.t matter, which so much assists him in his pro- fession, nltogethor omitted: Not ono word of tile deceaso of any human being within tho cn tiro rango of tho city mid its suburbs, Imt in lieu thereof appeared n long lotter from Sir Alfred Stephen, on Lifo Insurnnco, which immediately caught tho undertaker's eye, and which appear- ed at first view as an interference, on tho part of Sir Alfred, with, his profession. Undor this im- pression tho worthy councillor read every word of tho letter, and pronounced it an excellent one, worthy tho head and heart of its loamed author. *. Ah C inuttorcd Harry to himsolf, "if every man was to follow tho advico given in this valuable letter, and insure his life, there would then bo sufficient means ut his death to pay tho undertaker ; ogad, I'll set tho oxemple, and in- sure my own lifo nt oncb ; thea I can advise all my brother councillors mid other friends to do tho same. However, before 1 move in tho mat- ter, I'll take tho advico of my worthy fiiond tho Mayor." His worship having called to onquiro of ibo " «oil to do " of his excellent friona tho councillor, and being intoiraed of that gentle nina's intention (under tho ndvlce of Sir Alfred Stephen), to ellcct nu insurance on his lifo, per- fectly agreed with his honor, and considered ita prudent step for every family man to tako. " You need not bo afraid, Mrs Thomas," roinarked tho facetious William, " of it shortening the life of Mr T. : quito tho contrary, for when a man In- sures his lifo (ns tho saying I»), ho almost lives for evor.'' "Then, I trust, Bir, ' rep'led tho Indy sharply, " I trust, sir, you wr n't ad i iso my husband to do anything of tho kind.' OLYMPIC Cinci'S.- I ho pntronngo fo." months past extended by tho public to this ably con- ducted establishment is apparently on tho in- crease. and deservedly so. While Ibo proprie- tors scrupulously cxoludo from their perform- ances anything of an offenslro character, no- thing Is wanting to add to tho interest of their equestrian exhibitions, which night'y command crowded houses. Novolty is their grand aim, . and with such talent as they now possess thor may confidently reckon upon a continuance of tho harvest thoy oro garnering. V NKW INSOLVENTS.-William Palmer, late of Itiley-street, Sydney, master mariner. Tho Chief Commissioner having examined the petitioner, the Chief Justice, upon reading tho deposition, necepted tho surronderof petitioner's estate, and orderod lils dischnrgo from custody. Thohalnnce »beet showsihe following!-Amount of liabilities. £333 : of assets. ¿SO ls. ; and of deficiency, £351 19s. Mr W. Torry, officia! assignee-James Simmons of Mncquarle strcct. Sydney, cotitlemnn. Amount of liabili- ties, j£307 ISs.~2d.¡ of assois. JE20 : mid of de- ficiency, Ü317 75s 2d. Mr G. liing, official nsslmiuo. NEW POST OFFICES.-Notice is hereby givon that Post-offices htivo beon established at tho fellowing places : - Euston in tho . Lower Darling district, and-Benda in tho County of King. Parties aro thorcfoio recommended to advlso tbolr enrrcspotidents accordingly, in order that tbolr lottors and newspapers may be ad- dressed to thoso p'aocs distinctly hy name, to ensure their hoing duly forwurdod.- w. H. Con« m, Postmaster General. ' CONS. |. What feminine Christian name do your quostion-nsklng correspondents most ad .miro ! demanded ono of our visiting wits last ovoning.-" Ann, sir," ropliod w«, i Why nie two tival cntsin their nightly qnnrrcls a doolded bore T-Because) tho pur fur bato (perforate). Why is a tom cat a caterwauling Bite » catechetical teacher t-Booauso lt's a oat-lio« kissed. it When .ls rt poet, able to.cope with» lady crltlo ! Whoa ho's got a pen to »wot her (póntamotor), - ".?*?". ..1^-f^^T^^^"T^* - SoppoBKà Dsuîa or CAPTAIN! WHIOUT.-Groa fear í« entertained by the friend.) of Cnptaii Wright, J.H.i of Bengalla, near Muswell Brook ' that lie hat met with au untimely death. Ol Thursday evening, tho 26th March, Captain Wright look lila passage at Sydney for Maitland in tho up-steatner, and WAS seen lying in a berth in the cabin rending a newspaper, hy a gentle mau who know him. Silica that iiio'iicut, now nearly sereu weeks ago, nothing has boen »eon nf the unfortunate gentleman, nor have hu friends been ablo to traco the slightest elite to bis fate. In the mornlng.it is st-itud, his hat and gloves were found in tho water-closet of the steamer, but singn'arly enough tho occurrence aeeins-to have excited no remark at tho timo ; .ind it is quite possible indeed that none of tho fteamcr's officers, nor tho stoward, mny have observed him on board, if, as is frequently tho ease with passengers, ho wont straight to his berth directly on coming on board "from tho wharf in Sydney. Captain Wright has no family, at least in the colony, and consequently enquiries were not set on foot ns quickly as thoy doubtless would havo been otherwise ; but al- though every enquiry has been made during the List few days, nothing has been elicited further than tho aborc ; except that it is stated ho left s portmanteau and other articles at his agents in Sydney, a day or two before leaving, and that in the portmanteau bas been sinco found his will.-Maitland Mercury, [The lamented gen- tleman was, for many years, police magistrate of Parramatta, and was formerly a Cn ptain in tho 3rd Regiment of Foot (Buffs).-EDS. B.L.S.] TUB CO.NBKMMBD G'RIMI.VAL - The unfortu- nate man. James Bnrlow, convicted and con ilrinutd to die,_ for the wilful murder of William Jones, still remiins in much the sanio state as last reported. Bring nn Episcopalian, heil attended hy the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, and the Rrv. Slr Drummond, who are doing all in their power to awaken the culprit to a sense of his awful situation. The day for the ixecu'.ion of the wrenched man Is not yet fixed, owing to the abseure of the Lieu- tenant-Governor, and many ex r 'o is, we regrrt to 'record, are being used to procuie n mitiga- tion of the capital seilten«. - Melbourne Herald, DEAN COFPÍB.-Tnis favourite pastor, who, during his residence here, endeared himself to the Roman Catholic Oummnnlty, and made many friends amongst the members of other com tneiioni has bern stationed at Parrainait*. Welbourne Herald, May 1th. 