-7-5 if, (Tunisians) Daisy.) as it . * .- pile" fort- 1 (is ilei-tbr-icu as w.liaoiince to says,. the truth, an'? dervishes the truth I speak 'I FATHER 'to! our list as TUESDAY,- 13th JULY. THE PAN CHA. TjVI n since the to nineiiceinciifc of the present session of the Legislative Council, we have made yourself to impress upon the (most sincere and burnt e> spirits of time so)), that the responsibilities (of their po bilion were very great indeed, that i lr conist mees had now instal the Level a line of Victoria with a degree of interest, unequalled probably in the li story of Colonisation and that each individual mean he, who h k been blessed by Pi evident with assault upon is) to justify him in taking in a five part in the richness ations of the body, but a day to spell me of an unit to Hy solemn thing that, one which, he could neither flinch li on, 1101 neglect, of li wished to retain the least ch directed to tone licentiousness or utility To he copra sent state of the people in particular, we have appetite We have to deavoured to strengthen their convictions of the report stage of their position, we have done all that we could 'to give proper value the integuments and then votes Whether they Earl or are successful in anything they) undertake, then efforts will be done justice to, whatever the reason for then piotccdiii_,s may go and both their own constituents and simmer for men will set that, if successful!, they have succeeded in spite of very bellona divinities, if they said, they do so 1 teams (m 11 to succumb to an opposition aiiiiii¿ from the contemptible trickery of the greatest ion, with which unhappy AuM plans as yet allow them selves to be humbugged And now, let us see what Jcps theatre scrutineer had taken,! to ( heir to reply, to remove the social evils round, the wenkiitHSC«, till families races, the only a competent) man in best By which, accord me to therein civil or nine out of doors peg made every department of the public service The Count is in of it for me in to see weeks, and what is the genial minister adopted for the talkative of all our w s r" 1 Vilest C) imitates '' the only to ing went to cure the multitude official dab orders which afflicts us, is an unlimited di seas S III' Cr minds of, ' Select Committees tip n every possible subject, composed of every) possible intends, to sit every possible hour of every possible di) , Select Comm Gets in every Coiiiiiiilttt room itself Committees in the J lons0, Hktt Committees in the lobbies , Select Coiniuulets on the very star casts' Cave them plenty of Sob tt Committees, and all W H be right, as certainly and us r rapidly, as the e will open dent the inDie opt I see no ' of vii II the now street Co mittees of Legislative < council met, doubts as, unfit) line thin as iii thus n it , but without any nihil to his past their collective Ubi whites, or the usual tics of their live in common tea puts, me like' to say that we entirely distrust their applicability to most of the social evils, which is pi count try so loudly and so indecently for attention, was first iii of fruit) for the prompting all alive i c learn of their Mad nasty accident, at J s don) then I kept right) to hit tmti^tiitits of the points, and we hold that those who have it in Madrid work this "j litt Committee mmm nie led start for the old liability proneness to resort to to as not to days the time legislator s we! ribs on o\\.liini")liucr has met its in, and little fire a burst into iii in his day) biiiiitfiiuts it([Uires him to U flu evils around us (is about for an ample, v ijirroiiH, district met at ion He Forms are wanted lins vvttk-lo-day-now attend ditto at month at What do we might horn nStkit (administer, di game, its slow length ailing, and winding up at the end of this session, of the next, in the west, with a Ion,;, press upon, which is both month, and which is probably a ha ha ml of Berlin ? Sd t> umbrellas, and ed ' A fatal 11 him on this in ] o I Willi li MM still in br i! to be lit on the is a 1 To 11 i"' in,."!, to think that it forms a still if I am a Select Committee ! A great little man to him, with led along an li ( Irishmen. in a day on UV be like sin fee for the Irish me, and envying in his last an ii li us in the L,iir(rlm,i wants, to learn later that a Select Committee is sitting upon goods and badges, and that the intelligent Chairman is pledged to Mr Maree, to. bring up a report some time before the termination of the present century ! Select. Committees ! How agreeable to a poor bullock the river bogged up to the axle, with broken pole, lest bullocks, his tarpaulin stolen, half his lead lost and the remainder ruined by the weather, to be told "Oh! console yourself, my dear fellow ! A Select Committee on Roads and Bridges is now sitting, and all thieving be put to rights in time! " Select Committees ! It will go far to fill the stomach, of a half-starved miner at Bendigo, to learn that though his four pound loaf costs him in carriage alone about six [shillings-, he may leave his late contentedly in the hands of the honorable member for South Bourke. Select Committees 1 Delightful set-off" against the loss sustained by a delayed letter, that a - man, half ruined by want of timely information upon an important speculation, eau look hopefully to the improved mail communication of the year 1862, attained through the agency of a Select Committee ! Select Committees ! Cheering and con- solatory to the travel-soiled digger, called of a few pounds of gold, and riddled with an ounce or two of land to reflect upon the arduous and important duties of a Select Committee upon Police Melli ARCUS the accents of Air Chairman Snod- grass in conveying assurance of better l he may in future days, to men who have just had a hole knocked in their heads which they will never be able to knock out again ; or, in venturing unguardedly round a dark street corner, have found that the slight temptation of' a witch, has led to the abrupt twisting of their wind- pipe into a truc-loverVknot ! Oh ! commend us to the efficacy of the Select Committee System ! We can well afford to scheme for a year or two, deeper and deeper into social disorganisation, with such a bright haven of rest to hope for in the long run ! 'J he j body politic is in a fair way, indeed, of recovering from Fill is internal complaints, when, through the kind assistance of its doctor-legiidntois.' it has thus broken out in this pet foot rash of Select Committees ! ' We wish to be distinctly understood. We have no fault to find with Select Committees, if properly appointed, for a suitable object, and trusted not, only. for their natural and legitimate Result. On such subjects as education, penal discipline, and the treatment of our lunatics, and even the eventual establishment of a first-rate system of police, bridge and road control, of, their use is legitimate enough ; but as a means of enforcing Belbin, vigorous in its nature and prompt in its application, the Select Committee is not only simply inoperative, but it is in the highest degree di captive and dangerous. Men lean upon its enquiries!), and lose the energy to act, as. the instant in which action is essentially important, the institution will' is not to act leads to the most fatal results. At this moment, with on exchequer absolutely full to overflowing, we are virtually without police; without a road ; without a bridle ; without a mail; without a Government, except that miserable ghost and carries! area mere s.ilaiy- reeciving, friend-pensioning, toady Forwarding executive ; which, if it broke down and vanished to-morrow, no) one would ever miss or notice the cessation of its functions. The remedy for these evils lies not in the province of the Select Committee. The disease which the Select Committee cures is of a chronic character ; our ears case is an acute one, and prompt and active remedies are alone calculated to check its progress. 'the constitutional remedy lies with the representative members of the Legislature. To them the people now look to clap the spur into the sides of a stupid and lethargic Government, and either force it to greater notion; or, proving that there is no constitutional mode of re- dress whatever, to let people begin to settle for themselves what is the next alternation. According to the British system, the next most important, body to Her Majesty's Ministers is Her .tJujesiy's Opposition. To them the people turn when they distrust the possessor of the power of the day and times near a threatening aspect indeed, when they lim I both sides union thy of their confidence. Are we to have such times here ? And are the people, disgusted with the feeblest and most infatuated Govern event that ever dimmed the lustre of a nation, or crushed the energies of a free people, to look in vain to representatives chosen' from amongst themselves, and be driven to the melancholy conclusion, that they are feeble and infatuated too ? We trust not but we repeat again and again, that measures more imminent than the appointment of Select Committees are required, and that while these Coin in lees may wisely and laboriously work out lasting improvements for the future-a severe and uncompromising rebuke ought al owe to he administered to Billie who are ruining the prospects and a hair net er of this Colony ; to rebuke so severe and so uncompromising, as to gal- vanize their lifeless fi arise, and cause the dry bones of their puerile and contemptible policy, to chiller with an energy of which their own poor nature is invited ble. 