THE HIGHT' HONOMUBLB WILLIAM KWAUT OL AUSTON 15. (From Ike Illustrated News, June 19.) ( Thc subject of our memoir, fourth and youngest son of Sir John Gladstone, Bai t., a Liverpool merchant, was born nt Liver- pool, December 20th, 1S09. lu 1S21 he was sent to Eton ; and in 1S29 onterc.l Christ-church, Oxford ; and at Christmas, 1S29, was made a student by thc Dean at thc samo timo with Lord Canning. Amongst his university contemporaries were tho Dulco oT Newcastle, Mr. Sidney Herbert, Lord Elgin, Loni Dalhousie, Lord Ham's, and others since distinguished. In 1S31 he took a double first class and his dogreo of B.A. lu 18U2 ho went abroad, and spent soino months in travel- ling, chiefly in Italy ; and at the reform election in tho December of that year carno forward fm" thu borough of Newark as a Conservative, was opposed by Mr. Sor j'cant Wilde, now Lord Truro, and Mr. Hanley, and was returned at the head of thc poll ; tho numbers being-Gladstono BSG, Hunlcy, 819, Wilde 72G. Mr. Gladstono mado his first speech in tho House on Monday, Juno 3rd, 1S33, in tho debato on tho subject of Negro Emancipation, in reply to Lord Howick, tho present Earl Groy, and in which, denying tho charge that increased quanti- ties of sugar wero obtained by such excess of working as increased tho mortality amongst tho slaves, ho nrgucd tho right to compensation for the planters on the ground that the Legislature lind done all in its power to tnako tho slaves n property, but declared that it would redound to tho honour of tho nation and Ihn reputation of tho Ministors, whilst it would bo delight- ful lo tho planters themselves, if emanci- pation, rolioving them from tlio responsi- bility of holding slaves, wero fairly and without violence established. In tho saino session ho spoko in the great Liverpool cloction case? on tho Irish i Church Temporalities Bill, in which, ad- mitting that tho Church had slumbered, i ho doclaral thai siuco tho Union it had i dono all that human power could do ; and 1 that it was n great advantage to tho coun- try lo havo scottorod over it a mun bor of 1 mon who woro gentleman by education, ' nnd Ohristiuns by profession. Ho was un- ] willing to seo tho Dumber of Bishops rc- i duccd,; bald that, so long as a church i was national, tho nation ought lo bo taxed i to support it ; that, if l)ie Protesto 'churches were to bc maintained in Irclnn tho maxim should ho enforced. Ile spol also in opposition to tho proposal of M ?"''Jooroo Wood, thou member for Mn theiler, f.»r thc admission of Dissenters tho IJuivereiliew. Ju 1S31-, on Sir Robert Peel's sh o .accession lo ollice, Mr. Gladstone was a pointed ono of thc Lords of thc Treasur and very shortly afterwards, on ibo fuilu of Air. .Stuart Wortley to obtain a sea was, in his room, made Undcr- Sccrclnry f thc Colonies. In thoniljourned debate, March 31st, 183; Mr. Gladstono spoke in opposition to Loi John Russell's appropriation clause, a gning that thcro could exist no snrph revenue- abovo what was necessary for til due "uiintonnnco of tho Church ; tin Church property was ns sacred as that ( individuals. At thc Reformation tho cati blished religiou being changed, the appn priation of tho Church property was als changed ; and if a timo should over com when in Parliament the Protestant shoul bo in a minority, ho avowed his convictio that a return to tho ancient appropriate would bo tho fair and legitiniato consc quence. Defeated in a division on th question, on tho 7th April, tho Ministr resigned on tho Stn, and tho Melbourn administration was formed. Out of office Mr. .Gladstone devote« himself to questions of education and coln nial policy, tho Church, Universities, am trade, to tho uiitrammclling of which lu had not yot become a convert. In 1S37, ho gnvo his -support to AL' Serjeant Tal mimi's bill for thc cxtensioi of thc term of copyright. In 1S3S, pub lishod at Amiens, a pamphlet, entitle. .fTIio State in its relations with tin Church ;" and in thc samo year agaii visited Italy and Germany. During this period Mr. Gladstono did not confine him self to his Parliamentary duties, but was also a diligent contributor to periodicals : ho published, chiefly anonymous, severn! political pamphlets ; and a review in thc Quarterly of tho life of Blanco, WhitCj which dosorvos mention not alono for ita clear aud powerful portraiture of tho doubts changes, and struggles of thc over-labour- ing mind of Blanco White, but for its per- fect freedom from tho' narrowness of sec- tarian bigotry, and its sympathy with n mind mudo tho incossaut battle ground between old faith and new roasouinga. On tho return of Sir Robert Peel tc office after tho general election of 18-11, Mr. Gladstono becamo Master of tho Mint, and Viec-President of tho Board of Trade, and was sworn a mom bor of tho Privy Council. In "May, 1S47, he succcodod Lord Ripon as President, and had a scat in tho Cabinet. At this period Mr. Glad- stone's offico was no sinecure Nevor was a Ministry placed in moro trying circum- stances ; commerce and manufactures seemed fast drawing towards a general stoppago ; distress and discontent wero spreading fast ; tho agi tn ti on for Freo Trade gathering daily strength, and tho Parliament, nnd tho Ministry looked to, at any cost, to withstand ibo popular pressure. Tho reform of tho tariff made this nil the more difficult, ns it lent power to tho argu- ments on thc popular side, and loft to tho President of thc Board of Trade but thc defence of manifest inconsistencies. How ready Air. Gladstono was to give up tho old system of mono- polies was ovidencod in an able pamphlet published by him in IS 14-, enti- tled " Tho Ministry and tho Sugar Duties," in which tho whola force of fact and argu- ment was in favour of tho immediate abolition of differential duties : nud nu nrticlo published about the samo limo in tho Colonial and Foreign Quar- terly, and sineo known to bo from his pen, argued, from tho fruits of changes then recently made in commercial policy, thc safety of still wider chango, and was a source not only of strength in argu- ments, but encouragement in agitation and consistent adherence to their whole caro to thc Pico Trade party. In thc same year Air. Gladstone took an active part in promoting thu Dissenters' Chapel Hill. In February, 1845, ho rosigncd oflico ; and in a speech in tho courso of tho debate on the address, explained that ho did so from conscientious conviction that ho could not, consistently with thc opinions ho had deliberately published in 1S3S, on tho State relations with tho Church ; and which pamphlet had, in a second edition in 1841, been carefully considered or well nigh re-written, to support tho grant pro- posed by thc government to tho Roman Cntholic College nf Mnynooth. Though no longer a member of tho cabinet, Air. Gladstono was, nevertheless, consulted and very actively engaged upon tho commercial measures of that year, and which consti- tuted thc second reform in the tariff. At tho closo of tho session of 1815, Air. Gladstono visited Germany, and did not return until tho following November ; ho was, therefore, not present during tho carly period of tho repeal of tho Corn Lnws. In December, Lord Stanley rosigncd office, and Mr. Gladstone, in his loom, became Secretary of State for thc Colonies. lie then still represented tho borough of Newark, but felt it iiicumbont upon him to resign, in cunsequoncoof tho stroturopposi- tion ol' tho D uko of Newcastle, to whom the borough belonged, to tho Free Trade mea- sures of tho Ministry ; and ho remained out of parliament until tho general election of IS'17- Ho was then invited to become a caudidnto for tho University of Oxford, with Sir Robert Harry Inglis, and was opposed by Mr. Round, who had been ono of tho members for Essex. Tho contest was a severo ono ; tho utmost of religious party Hpirit being roused to tho support ol' Mr. Round, ns tho true protestant candidate, against Mr. Gladstone, who was assumed to havo somo improved and unestablishablo leaning towards something like Piiseyism. Ho was however returned ; tho numbers being-Inglis, 1700; Gladstono, 9f)7 j Round, 824. lu 184Ö, Mr. Gladstone published n pamphlet entitled Remarks on recent Commercial Legislation," which reviewing thu Board of Tindo and revenue returns, pointed out that from the reduction | ol'duties liml resulted increase of revenue, from diminution of protection incienso df commerce and domestic prosperity. The subsequent Free trade measures of Sir Ivobert l'eel had. throughout, Mr. Glad- stone's mosl cordial support. Ile wan ii «.emploie convert, imt merely lo tin; iir^ti meuts of tho opposite side, but tn the-fuel* which had sprung up as fruits of his earlier partial and caillions policy. On thc repeal ol' thc Navigation Law.-;, he proposed ns an amendment a system of reciprocity, but v, ithdrcw il on finding that thc shipowners' friends must either have nil or nothing. In ISIS, he opposed thc gift of Van- couver's island lo tlio Hudson's Bay Company ; and proposed amendments in thc Australian Constitution Hill, mostly in accordance with' the proposals of >Siu William Molesworth. Ho'spoke in opposition to tho govern- ment in thc famous foreign policy debate ol' last year, and opposed tho University commissions. Thc session over, in thu following October thc health of ono of his children needing chango of climate, Mr. Gladstono wont to Naples. Ho had no intention of making tiny public commette on thc condition of thc kingdom, but found silence impossible. Ho was horror struck by tho violation of all honour, all good faith, nil common rules ol'justice and j humanity, by tho King, mid thc gross perjury and corruption and .subornation of his Attorney General and Judges. Ho could not have believed that, in lire prosent agc, such infamy and cruelty-to uso his own words, such t( practical abnegation of christianity"-could have hod existence ; but having had tho facts forced upon bini, seeing every where paid and perjured inqui- sitors-seeing tho daily hounding down of innocent mon by thchircdbloodsellersof tho crown-finding the prisons places of loath- some torture and slow death-it was im- possible for him to koop silence, and in two letters to Lord Abcrdocn he exposed in all tho nakedness of his iniquities his' Majesty of Naples. Tho letters wero sent by Lord Palmerston to our ministers at tho several foreign courts, mid their publication has, at all events, set tho King upon some attempt at defence, and some little amend- ment of thc prisons. Last year, Mr. Gladstone published in 2' vols, oct.,f' Fanni's History of tho liomon States." Tho right hon.mombor married in 1830, Catherine, eldest daughter of the lalo Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Bart., ol' flaymcaidcn Castle, Kent. Fuin.NDSIIll' UKTWKKV AS Al'ItlCAM C.\T. AWI HAT.-A young wild cat (kedis-t, or ott« cl challa), we have all'urds us lunch ninusuinciil ; il. is now completely tamed, and its equal in lieauty will rarely ho lound. Ils prevailing colour is'gray, hut its foot, head, ami whole body aro covered over with tho most bcnutiful, leopard like, blai'k spots. Its head is rather smaller and more pointed than thoso of our common Gorman cats, but ¡ls crowning beauty is ¡ts large cars, that »I inost conceal its wholo'heiul, und aro biacl; wjth a while stripe.. Many persons boro hold it lo be a young tiger (niiulr), but its whole habits anil structure provo it to bu neat. Tho unlives call it fachet, or fugged, nnd suv ¡tis a kimi of gins (cut). Its companion and playfellow is a rat willi u long silvery tail, which, when enraged, it cnfl like our weasel (which it is much of a BIKO with)-, stillen and thicken, carrying it high over ¡ts hack, tho poor creature was brought to us with two broken legs, nnd we at once gave it to tho cat that its pains might bo ended ; but tho eat either liol recognising its prov, or belüg weary ol' living, alone, would not touch it ; so tho rat, cured by splint', gradually, and tinned by pain, became first favourite ol' tho eat¡ they became inseparable, atc together, and slept arm in arni, nor did Ibo rat over attempt to avail itself of its perfect liberty and leave us. lt is not as our Kuropcau rats, ugly or ill .smelling, und from its long, silvery, furred tail may almost bo called handsome. Werne'» African Wanderings, Tho " Bascombe nugget,1' had been received by Messrs. Herring ot' London, and a drawing of' ft. is given lu tho Illustrated Newt of July loth. WOMKN IN BKIIMUDA.-NT. P. Willis, in ono of his lalo letters from Herminia, says :-"Here many females aro trained, hom childhood, lo carry burthens upon their bend. I'rom a tea cup to a water-pail, everything is placed on tlio small cushion at tho top ol' thu skull. Thu absoluto erect ness of ligure necessary to koop tho wright, whore it can best ho supported hy tho spine, tho nice balance of gait to poise it without Pieing steadied by thu liaiuls, tho throwing forward of tho chest, with tho posture mid effort thut uro demanded, nnd measured action of tho hips, nial tho deliberateness with windi all turning around or looking aside, must be done, cTintiuuu lo form un Imbi timi demeanour nnd gait ol' peculiar lofti- ness and stateliness. A prouder-looking prqcM sion than thc market women, us they go with their baskets on their heads across tho square, below our veranda, could not bc found in tho world. '? THU IIiisiiANu or JUNNY LIND.-Mr. GoJd sehmidt is thu sou ol' n merchant ol' moderato menus, und has tunda his wny entirely by lils own merits and efforts. Before euimug lo this country hu enjoyed nu enviable reputation as nu artist ni his native city, and, lo some extent, in tieruiuuy; nuil his situation was so ngreeablo to his luste.f, thal, it was not until niter direct und personal sulieil'ition from Madlle. .lenny Lind that hu concluded to visit tho United Slates, where, us he liad nono of tho ad captandiim talent which ia suru ,of popularity, ho had no very glowing vision of success. In every bust sense af tho word Mr. Gohlsolimidt is ii gontlcmaii-a man ol' so unusual ciilti viii ion in art and literature, and of so genial a elmrnolor and manlier, that thu warmest friends of.lonny Lind could hnvo wished her no fairer fortuno than to becomo Majaiiio Otto (.ioldsohmidt. KXTORTBD CoNi-KSSioss.-Somo years iigtf^n high way robbery and murder was commit ted on tho roiul leading from Cassel to Fulda, und a puer school muster was taken up on suspicion of being tho iissnBsln. Ho was thrown into prLon, and after ho had been thcro wearied by solitary cou (inemoul, interrupted only by attempts to extort from him an avowal of guilt, suddenly in tho demi of midnight Ibero appeared before him a liguru, liko a ghost, ¡II a sheet stained with blond, which with awful threatening commanded him to con- fess. Tho horror-stricken mau obeyed, and upon tho strength of that confession «us eoiidemnod to death. Before, however, Unit seutonco was exe- cuted, tho real murderer was discovered, and tho lifo ol' Ibo innocent mun was saved. But it wns lon Into. Ho left his prison indeed, but it was only lo becoino tho ¡maulo ol' ii madhouse. Thu ghost lind been dressed up by tho authorities for tho occasion, and they no doubt prided themsulves upon tho sueeess el' their stratageui, until the providence ol' (Iud revealed the truth.-forsyth"* History of Trial hy dury. Ah lOuglish labourer, whoso child was suddenly killed by tho falling of a beam, wrote thu follow- ing lines, suggested by tho nieluueholy event: - Sweet, laughing child ! -tho cottage door Blands freo ami open now, But oh ! ¡ts sunshine gilds no moro Tho gladness nf thy brow. Thu merry step hath passed away Thy laughing sport is huslioil for aye. Thy mother by the fireside sits, Ami listen«'tor thy call ; And slowly-slowly, as she knits, lier quiet tear» down Tall ; Her little hinil, t/iiii;! <i gnue, And undisturbed abo may work on ! 