FRANCE-The FETES DES AGNES. From the Illustrated News, May 15.) THE I Olli of May, which, According to the pro- j visions of the Constitution of 1848, was to have seen I Louis Napoleon descend from the supreme office of 1 President of the Republic into the tanks of private life, has witnessed, amidst all " the pomp and circumstance of glorious war, his entrance upon a career of sovereign sway, which is in fact, as it will soon become in name, the restoration of the Empire under Napoleon III. The " Feast of the Eagle in the Champ de Mars at Paris, on Monday, was one of those gorgeous spectacles which the French, above all others, are so skilled in creating and so well know how to enjoy and as it was very magnificent in) its military display, and therefore very fluttering to the national vanity on the most sensitive part of the national character military j glory-the people entered into the spirit of the occasion with the utmost zeal and earnestness ; line, as an appeal to the army for its favour and support towards the accomplishment of the Imperial views which Louis Napoleon it generally considered to entertain, several of the various accounts which have been pud- lished would lead to the belief that it has not been quite successful, the euthusiasm'disptlty.'d hydra troops for Napoleon, the Nephew,"-being, according to them, of the most moderate character, while, according to others, it was of the most deputed und zealous kind-the absence of all cries and vivants from the ranks of the artillery the most intelligent section of the army-being, however remarked on by all as somewhat ominous. The fete itself, however, was brilliant in the extreme, and the weather was most propitious, a bright warm sun illuminating the picturesque pageant throughout the day. The Champ de Mars, which has been the theatre of so many similar pageants since the terrible days of the great Revolution, stretches in the form of a parallelo- gram, upwards of two-thirds of a mile in length, from the Ecole Militaire to the Point de Jena on the Seine and here were massed together the 60,()0<) To 70,000 troops who were the actors in the pageant The coup d'etat at noon was grand and imposing in the highest degree. From daybreak a vast multitude, more curious to witness the show than attracted by enthusiasm, gathered on the grassy ramparts, shaded by elms which flank in long parallelogram on the side of the Invalides, and on the opposite side towards Grenelle. By a popular regard for the convenience of the people on foot, the range of stands was restricted to the southern portion of the long square towards the Ecole Militaire. The immense area Middling thence to the Point de Jena was surrounded by nearly half a million spectators. A multitude outnumbering the population of some of the largest capitals of Europe was crowded in the stands of the amphitheatre erected for the occasion, or stood densely massed on foot on the borders of the square, unobstructed by those temporary buildings. All round the square, from space to space, were planted flagstaffs, from whose tops streamed broad tricoloured persons, while half-way up they bore shields with the cipher of Louis Napoleon, domed with a group of flags of the national colours The stands were similarly ornamented, every column which supported the awnings being surmounted by a group of iricoluuredJianners. The end of the Champ de Mars furthest from the river, and closed by the Ecole Militaire, a stately pile erected in the middle of the last century, and now used at barracks, was occupied by the light and elegant theatre of structures, consisting of balconies, galleries, and pavilions elected for the President, his Court, and the great bodies of the State and their families. Before the centre of facade of the Ecole Militaire rose, pre-eminent, the tribune of the President. This magnificent pavilion, whose floor was on a level with the first story, firmed an arched portico, fifty feet in height, and the June number, of feet wide and deep.. It was hung. inside with crimson velvet, sprinkled with gold stars, and in front curtains of the same rich material were looped back with gold cords. The architectural decorations of this tribune were covered with symbols of the empire. Above, in the centre of the entablature of the arch, shone the grand cross of the Legion of Honour, supported on either hand by winged Victories. Groups of banners spread from the spandrils. The side pieces were adorned with two stories of Corinthian columns, supporting gilded eagles with inches between, filled with trophies, and surmounted by the cipher of '' L. N. A broad cape ted staircase, which widened at each of its two landing-places, and was adorned on either hand with three statues, representing Force, Justice, and Victory, descended into the champ. Upon the crimson velvet curtains were embroidered the President's arms. The shield bare a spread eagle upon a field azure. Round the escutcheon ran a cord of eagles, suspending the grand cross of the Legion of Honour between two branches of oak and olive, with entwined stems, the whole surmounted by a cheque with vigor Inured and while plume. The tri-coloured flag floated over the tribune, above whose roof towered the dome of the edifice of Louis XV. Seen from the side of the Champ, the President's tribune presented two open arches, with similar decorations to the front. Through these open arches you saw the colours of the regiments standing together, with their gilded eagles displayed, massed in close perspective. A mnng these standards moved about the high dignitaries and personages of distinction, with a good sprinkling of ladies, awaiting the arrival of the President. Contiguous to the central tribune, reserved for the President and his suite, were four others, two of which, on the left, were occupied by the family of the President, consisting of the sons of Jerome mid Lucien, the Princess Mathilde, and others, and by the wives of the ministers, marshals, admirals, and other high dignitaries of the State. The two corresponding boxes on the right contained the diplomatic corps and their ladies. Next to this central group, on either side, were long galleries, containing the Senate, the Corps Legislatif, and the Council of State, all of whom appeared in full costume. The other constituted bodies, which appeared officially by deputations, in their respective uniforms, were ranged in the same portion of the building. There were the judges of the various courts in their square caps and robes, the learned bodies, with the institute at their head, the civil engineers, the masters of the Ecole Polytechnique and St. Cyr, the consistories of the various religious professions not Catholic, the staff of the National Guard of Paris, and the stn IT of the army and navy. These long galleries, furnished each with (seats for 700 persons, were flanked by spacious pavilions, each with accommoda- tions for more than 400, which were taken possession of by the families of the great bodies of the State. Two other lateral tribunes, detached from the building, and advanced before its wings, containing more than 100 employes An the different branches of the Administra- tion. Under the galleries of the Senate and corps Legislatif were ranges of graduated benches descending into the area, and open to the sky, crowded with distinguished foreigners, the greater part of whom were foreign military officers. In the tribunes of honour were remarked-The Duke of Cleveland, the Marquis of Clanricarde, Viscount and Viscountess Sydney, Lord and Lady Alfred Paget, Lord and Lady Grey, the Earl of Sheffield's Viscount and Lady Callington, Lord Vernon, Lord and Lady Poliimore, Viscount and Lady Dillon, Lord and Lady Lilford, the Countess of Elgin, Lady Burghersh, Sir Frederick Adam, Sir William Fraser, Lord Henry, Lord and Lady Ossulton, Lord ISuteman, Colonel Cadogan Colonel Torrens, Colonel Heyworth diet. Arthur Hardinge, Colonel Lord George Altoft, Col. Cartwright, Lieutenant-Colonel Russell; Captains Bailie, Dudley de Itoss, Slrwitficld, Williams, Co. Besides these, and numbers more of our own country- men, were the Austrian Count and Countess Scot to, Court Diefenbach, Baron Roger Oldenburg, and In on Von Geylang, the Prussian Princes Sale and Lies Yowaka, General Wagner, Colonel von Osberg and Count Schulenbcrg. Russia was amply represented, Prince Wolkoleskie, the Prince and Princess w;»geni?eln, the Prince Dolgorouki, the Prince and Princess Shakowskoy, Prince Lud islas Trouheizkoy, Prince Soltikof, Prince Ouroussouff, Count Pamm, SAL E"'.'.' either .' their countrymen were in the ground. The Polish, Hungarian, and Italian emigra- tion were represented by Prince Adam Czartoryski and his two tons, Count Ladislas, Zatnnyski, Xavier Branch, and Battiyeni, General Pepe, General Dein Hsu, and General Cbrtaiiowski. Belgium, Bavaria, esprit, SwtdM, Spain, Portugal, Greece, Turkey, I Naples in short, all European countries were represented. General Cooper, commandant of the troops of the State of New York ; Mr. Van Buren), a cavalry officer, null Colonels Hotel) mu) Lawrence, aides-de-camp of the Governor of Massachusetts, were likewise in the tribunes. Among these some English red coats blared conspicuous, and contrasted well with the green uniforms of Russia. The simple white horrors of the Arab sheik was set off by the profusion of gold embroidery spent upon the many coloured dresses of the north. Among the long lines of tribunes extending on the sides of the first square, that of the municipality towards the Invalides was the most conspicuous. Here were collected the Prefect of the Seine, the Municipal Council, and the Prefect and Commissioners of Police. The troops were drawn upon either side in the square, in two lines, facing each other, the infantry on the right as you entered from the Punt de Jena, and the cavalry on the left. The line of infantry were ranged in battalions, the cavalry by squadrons in close columns. The artillery closed the Champ de Mars on the side of the river, leaving in the direction of the Pont de Jena an opening for the passage of the Prince and his suite. The deputations of the different corps of the army and navy were ranged in the void space between the lines and the Ecole Militaire, under the direction of staff officers of the 1st division of the army of Paris. Between the two lines of troops on either side of the field, and at the distance of about one-third its whole length from the President's tribune, stood the temporary chapel with its high altar. This magnificent | structure was about 80 feet high from the ground to the top of the gold cross that surmounted the dome. The altar was placed upon a raised platform, 25 feet high, immediately under the dome. Four pilasters supported the four arches, terminating in a dome, of light and elegant appearance, on the summit of which was a Latin cross. Four gilded eagles occupied the angles of the cornice above the arches. Against each pilaster there was a fluted Corinthian column supporting a statue. Level with the architrave were four rich velvet canopies, composed of alternate broad stripes of crimson and gold. A flight of carpeted stairs, facing the Ecole Militaire, led up to the altar. About 300 priests, in soutane and surplice, with the Arch bishop of Paris, M. Labour in gold embroidered cope and mitre, took up various positions beneath the dome and on the steps. The President set out from the Tuilleries on horse- back shortly before noon. He wore the uniform of a lieutenant-general of infantry. His only decorations was that of the Legion of Honour, of which he wore the star, the broad red ribbon over his breast, and the small silver cross und medal in his button hole. He was accompanied by his uncle the Prince Jerome, who wore the uniform of Marshal of France by General de St. Arnaud, Minister of War; Geltend Maguan, Commander-in-Chief of the Army of Paris; Marshals Iteillc, Harispe, Excelmauns, and Vaillant, with their aides-de-camp and a numerous and brilliant staff of general officers, besides the Prince's own military household. Particular orders had been issued that no officer should be allowed to join the cortege without a special invitation. A strong escort of carabineers hemmed in the Prince and his superb cavalcade, who were received in their progress along the quays by cries of " Vive napoleon" from the crowd who lined the way. About twenty hroiixu-fiice Arab sheiks, wearing scarlet seat is over their white harnesses, and with long guns slung behind them, cancelling upon fiery steeds of the Elysee, were not the least attractive feature in the Prince's suite, and escorted the admira- tion of the multitude. Louis Napoleon rode a superb black horse, with gold housings. He looked uncommonly well, and admirably managed his steed, which chafed and passed under him. The Prince reached the Pont de Jena punctually at noon. His entrance into the Champ de Mars was announced by a salute of twenty-one guns, and by acclamations which were drowned in the peal of the artillery. First he galloped down between the lines, acknowledging, by repeatedly taking off his cocked bat, the chorus of acclamations uttered by the troops. On passing the altar the Piiuceand his suite uncovered. When the President reached the front of the Ecole Militaire, be wheeled to the left, and galloped back along the front of the cavalry regiments. The cries were evidently reserved for the filing off. He then crossed before the artillery, and passed a second time down the front of the infantry. When he reached the foot of the staircase leading up to his tribune, be dismounted, and ascending, saluted, by taking off his cocked hat, the ministers and high dignitaries who came forward to meet him down to the first landing-place. He then took his sent in the arm- chair set for him. On his right stood the cx King Jerome, in the uniform of Murilla) of France. On either side and behind were ranged the ten Ministers, the Marshals, and Admirals, the French Ambassadors present in Paris, and the military household of the Prince. At the back of this platform, where Louis Napoleon was seated, were set the stands of colours to be distributed. The fin CB and standards set upright in frames of woodwork, called by the French if (yew trees), so as to form groups. The top of each flag-staff was surmounted by a gilt eagle, with wings displayed, about a foot in height. The model was exactly that of the Empire, but the three colours of the flag were not arranged is the tricolour was under Napoleon, for then the bands were perpendicular to the staff, (as in fact, the colours of the Lancers' flags are now), whereas, the colours are now parallel to the staff, and came in the order of blue nett the staff, white in the middle, and last red. On the white portion was inscribed the until and number of the regiment, and the battles in which it had been distinguished. On the red and blue were four crowns, encircling the cipher of Louis Napoleon. The eagle-proud so much of conquest borrowed from the ancient Ilormm standard was first introduced by Napoleon to replace the Gallic cock, when he established the Empire and the Legion of Honour, and the part which the imperial bird has played in the early adventures IIB well as late decrees of Louis Napoleon is too well known to need repetition here. The ceremony of Monday was in fact a close imitation of the Emperor's distribution of the eagles in his famous Champ de Mars before the battle of Waterloo. Jerome Bonaparte stood beside his brother, the Emperor, on that occasion and singular must it have appeared to him, at an interval of nearly forty years, to assist the restoration by his nephew of the Imperial emblem which was shattered in that disastrous rout. Louis Napoleon, then a child of six years old, was also present on that celebrated day. Immediately the Prince reached the platform the ceremony of the distribution of colours began. The colonels of the regiments stood in ranks at the foot of the platform on which the -. Prince was stationed. At a given signal, the first colonel on the light ascended the steps of the platform towards the Prince, followed in single file by all those of the first rank. The President, taking the colours from the hand of the Minister of War, delivered to the colonels in him the banners of their regiments. These officers, descending in the same order, on reaching the ground formed again at the bottom of the staircase. There were 184 stand of colours and so rapidly was this operation executed, that the distribution of the whole did not occupy more than a quarter of an hour. after the distribution of all the colours, the colonels of the regiment, at a given signal, re ascended the staircase of the platform all together, and stood upon the steps while the Prince came forward and came down to the first land way-place. He took off his hat, and held a paper in his hand, from which he read the following speech ; " Soldiers I-The history of people is in great part the history of armies. On their successes or to their reverses depends tile lot of civilisation and of the country. Conquered, they are followed by invasion or anarchy ; f victorious, by glory and order. For this reason, nations, like armies, bear a religious General, Finn towards those emblems of military honour which sum up in them a whole past of struggles and of triumph. The Roman eagle, adopted by the Emperor Napoleon in the beginning of this century, was the most striking signification of the regeneration and grandeur of France. It disappeared in our misfortunes. It was destined to return when France, recovered from her defeats, mistress of herself, should seems no longer to repudiate her own glory. Soldiers Resume, then, these eagles, not as a menace against f neign initions, but as the symbols of our independence, as the souvenir of an heroic epoch, .. the badge of nobility of which regiment. Resume, then, these eagles, which have so often led our sires to victory, and swear to die, if need there be, to defend them." This speech was no sooner uttered than all the colonels extended their right arms towards the Prince and exclaimed Notts he lit road I (We swear it I) The President walked up again to his seat, while the colonels, shouldering the standards, descended the steps together, and walked towards the altar. At one o'clock the cannon announced that the religious ceremony hail commenced. The Metropolitan Chapter, The Honorary Canon of the Paris Church, in full canonical costume, the Cures and the Vicars in surplices and red stoles, the members of the Diocesan Seminaries en soutane, had already assembled at eleven o'clock, in the Church of St. Peter, of the Gros Carlton, and moved in procession at a quarter past eleven, with the cross of the chapter carried before them, and chanting the hymn " Veni Creator" to the Chapel of the Champ de Mars, and took their places according to their rank. When the guns fired the signal, the Archbishop, arrayed in full canonical!, commenced the Mass of the Holy Ghost. At the close of the Gospel the Archbishop descended the steps from the high altar, attended by his Grand Vicar and clergy, while the colonels, with their standards, remained grouped at the foot of the steps. He then preached the following discourse, the length and rhetoric of which, accompanied by animated gesticulations, contrasted strongly with the brevity and sedate gravity of the President's speech : " Prince and Soldiers The God of peace of whom we are the ministers, is also the God of armies That is why our place, the place of religion, is marked out in this warlike yee. There has always been a relton in combats. With the Jewish people it was God who directed allies, who formed the great captains, and who inspired the prophets with the most warlike accents. The Romans placed their gods by the side of their eagles at the head of their legions. Constantine achieved his greatest victories under the standard of the Cross. Our most valiant knights, before proceeding to fight against the infidels, had themselves and their arms blessed by the Church, I do not speak of the flag of the old Monarchy which our kings went to receive from the hands of religion at the altar of the St. Denis before their warlike expeditions ; the remembrance of that will naturally occur to every mind. Astonishing circumstance I The Church, which preaches peace to all-the Church, whose holy army only knows how to shed its own blood, and lins even a horror of that of the enemy-the Church has always had abundant benedictions for the soldier, his arms, and to his standards. The explanation of this mystery is not difficult, and it is the whole meaning of this great solemnity, at once military and religious. Peace is the design of God. It is the object towards which human societies proceed when they follow in their regular course the principles of justice and inspirations from on high. War is only legitimate on condition of its securing peace. Armies are in the hands of God as the powerful instruments of pacification and public order. Right requires force to make itself respected ; but, in its turn, strength requires right to remain itself in the providential order. Peace is, therefore, always the object in view; war is sometimes the means-n terrible, but, alas I a necessary one, from the effect of the passions which agitate the world That is why God has approved of it-that is why the prophets apply to it the words want ficate bellum that is why the Church has for it words of benediction, of encouragement, and almost of love-and why now, as in the past, the soldier and the priest hold out their hands to each other. The soldier and the priest, both placed under the austere laws of discipline, having at heart the same principles of conduct-a love of duty, above all things, and the spirit of devotedness. even to the sacrifice of life work together, though differently, to procure, by calming down the passions, the triumph of justice in human society. What glorious services to the cause of public peace have been rendered by the glorious army which comes to-day, to bend its head before the Majesty on right Whence comes it that those murmurs which were heard in the bowels of France said Europe are suddenly hushed. Why are the menaces of civil war and of anarchy, which threw society into consternation, disarmed? Who has arrested this work of dissolution,' which was niaklilg'iuch rapid progress ? It is a firm and resolute well, supported on one hand by the national voice, which forms his right, and on the other by an invincible army, which forms his strength. And new hall to you, glorious standards, symbols of so many victories! Our pontifical heart, which has never ceased to beat with the strongest feelings of patriotism, is moved at again seeing you. Their glory offices. from our eyes the former misfortunes of the Country. O Prince! whom the willofagreat people has placed at the head of Us destinies, we can understand what these heroic signs must say to your heart. We rely on your wisdom; it will protect you from the dazzling effects of glory, France thirsts for tranquillity and order. V aligned with disorder, she wishes to repose under the shelter of a strong and tutelary Government. Continue to lead her in the pacific path on which she has entered and may she he able to develop all the elements of strength and of prosperity concealed within her fruitful season. The moral interests of a country are superior to her material ones. They are the soul and the heart of a great people, without which they must decline and fall. Tie you always their defender. The religion which you love asks neither privileges nor favour from you ; it only asks of you to always preserved it what the Emperor your uncle restored to it in the palmy days of his glory liberty to live and to do good. You will gain by it the gratitude of the people, the only glory, perhaps, that a great mind can now be ambitious of. Prince, look less at the past than at the future. Peace may. be spoken of when possessed of such valiant armies. Your eagles will have a vast field of flight from the height of the Atlas to those of the Alps and Pyrenees. Providence desires you for a great and holy work. Remember that, in order to build the temple, God preferred Solomon to David. Continue to rebuild in peace that society which has been so deeply shaken, building it up with one hand, while the other holds the glorious sword of France, You have comprehended that, in an epoch when institutions tend to become more impregnated with the spirit of the Gospel, I he social edifice cannot be so well cemented as by love and clemency O God, Sovereign Master of war and peace, Tuan who causes! plots to be dissipated, calmest tempests, and breakfast, when Thou wildest, the sword drawn for the combatants canteens bella-come and bless these standards; imprint on idem the striking signs of Thy power and holiness- In seeing them let course be animated and ascend to its celestial principle; de calm fortitude eit. Render them only terrible to the enemies of the public peace, and to the nations, if any there he jealous of our glory and prosperity, and who may attempt to disturb them. Let them be for our valiant soldiers a protection and assured pledge of victory (victoria txrtafiduclt). Let them contain in their glorious folds peace and war, for the security of the good and the terror of the wicked: and, under their shade, let France respire, and be fortified happiness of the world the greatest and happiest of nations," While M. Sibourspoke, the field presented a magnificent coup d ail. There were two regiments of cuirassiers and carabineers, with their red crested helmets and breast- plates flashing back the sunlight. Then the regiments of mounted chasseurs, with their neat red shakes and black cocks' feathers; next came the garde Republicans, with their red breast-facing and yellow cross-belts- The bands stood close to the alter, all together. At the close of this address the Mass was resumed. At the moment of the elevation another salute was tired ; the drums beat to arms; the trumpets sounded the advance; 60.00) men presented arms, the whole of the infantry kneeling, and the officers not in command bent on one knee to the earth, with head uncovered. The osultiiiide on the mounds took off their hats. When Mass was over the Archbishop, surrounded by the officiating clergy, proceeded to where the eagles were arrayed round the altar. He raised his voice to chant the prayer P. Adjutorium nostrum in nomine Domino," and the clergy responded "Amen I" After the "Ore. mus Oinnipotens Lempriere Deus," the prelate sprink- led the flags with holy water and blessed them, and then took his seat on a throne and assumed the mitre. The standard-bearers advanced separately knelt on the ground, each with the eagle, in his hand, and the Archbishop spoke the following prayer: Accipitevexillateticsti lieiiedictioiiesnnctificatiiisint que inimical popular Christian! terrible; et det votes Uominus grandam, an, ad issues comes at honored, and with having cases presented penetrates includes 1 includes a section, Receive these standards sanctified by the blessing of Heaven: may they be the terror of the enemies of the Christian world; and may God, for the honour of his name and glory, give you that grace that securely and unscathed you may pierce the battalions of your enemies. When the prayer was ended, the Prelate gave for the whole army The kiss of peace, with the words PiUttibi; and the foremost stiiudiird-tmiirer, rising from the ground, dressed in his tips the Pontifical rising, and then resumed his place. One hundred salutes from the cannon of the Bridge of Jena accompanied the blessing of the eagles. The Prelate then stood erect, arrayed in mitre and cape, and holding the crosier, raised in his hand aloft, and gave an universal blessing to the army and the people, and another salute announced that the religious ceremony was over. The colonels, to whom the standards were delivered by the Archbishop, descended and defiled round the chapel. They then proceeded to their respective regiments, delivered the eagles to the ensigns, and had them recognised by the corps in the usual manner. At this moment cries of Five l'Empereur I and Vite Napoleons were uttered; the former with much enthusiasm by the cavalry. At two o'clock, the President descended from his pavillion, mounted his horse, and took up his position in (front. The defile commenced, amid cries of Vive l'Empereur Vies Napoleon I were again heard. J The desire, which was over at three o'clock, took place in the following order-General Mugnan, Commander in-Chief of the Army of Paris, led the way at the head of a brilliant stuff. Next followed deputations from the Artillery, Engineering, and Polytechnic Schools, the School of Instruction for Staff officers, and the special Military School, under the orders of the respective Governors of those establishments. General Circles, commanding the infantry on the ground, passed next with his stuff. The fourth in order was the deputation of Invalides and the veterans, commanded by General SmljOul. "The fifth in'Succession where deputations from the battalions of chasseurs a pied of the African Light infantry, of the companies of discipline, of the battalions of Arab riflemen, of the battalions of riflemen of the garrison of Paris, of the artisans of the War Department, and all commanded by General Frey. Next advanced deputations from the various regiments of the line, of the marine corps, of the Zouaves, of the regiments forming the foreign legion, the brigades of infantry of the first division of the army of Paris, commanded by General Martin de Bourbon. These were followed by two battalions of each regiment, composing the brigades of the second division of the army of Paris, commanded by General Renault. The 8th in order were the deputations from the regiments composing the 3rd division of the army of Paris, commanded by General Levasseur. The 9th consisted of deputations from the Engineers, with the military band of the 1st regiment, commanded by General Sullenave. The last li was composed of land and sea gendarmerie, Sapeurs-Pompiers, Gendarmerie Mobile, Garde Republicans, commanded by General Gouraud. The hills in order consisted of deputations from the land and marine artillery, TO batteries of the army of Paris, with the staff and band of the 7th regiment, the third squadron of artillery, and a detach- ment of the third and fourth squadrons of the waggon train, commanded by General Hubert. 12th. General Letting, Commander-in-Chief of the cavalry, with his staff. 13th. A deputation from the School of Cavalry, deputations from the regiments of cavalry, and the guides redemanded by General Guyon. 14th. A division of light cavalry, comprising two brigades (The first under the orders of General Oraison ; the second brigade, of General Daumas), commanded by General Pays de Uourjolly. lath. A division of heavy cavalry, consisting of two brigades, under the orders of Generals Purtouneaux und Killie!, commanded by General Grand. 16th. A division of Cuirassiers, composed of two brigades, under the orders of Generals Allanville and Tartars, together with squadrons of the Gendarmerie of the Seine and the Garde Republicaine, nil commanded by General Korte. During the defile the generals of division alone stopped in front of the President. The generals of brigade and the colonels followed the movement of the troops. The band of the 1st regiment alone of each division of infantry or cavalry remained in front of the President, and continued to play during the desire of the entire division. General Maguan, as Commander- in-Chief of the Army of Paris, commanded the operations. The military deputations, when leaving the Champ de Mars aller the defile returned to the Ecole Militaire, through the cavalry gate, they deposited their respective colours in a hall prepared for that purpose, whence they are immediately to be dispatched to their regiments. A salute of 21 guns was fired as Louis Napoleon quitted the Champ de Mars. The troops entered their respective quarters at about half-past four. The clergy), who were, including the ecclesiastical seminaries, upwards of 600 in number, remained on the ground to the last. A guard of honour of the Gendarmerie Mobile was assigned to them, and they were conducted in procession to the Church of the Gros Carlton, the Archbishop delivering his blessing to the multitude through whom be passed, and who received it with uncovered beads and with indications of deep respect. Those of the army and gendarmerie who received medals or crosses of the Legion of Honour amount to about 2000. As the regiments returned to their quarters the standard-bearers held their new colours aloft, but not unfurled. Some accidents took place during the day. At the first discharge of cannon the horse of a hussar look fright and threw the rider, who had his leg broken and a man was trampled under foot by the crowd just as the President was crossing over the bridge of Jena, in his approach to the field. One of the clergy received a kick on the head from a horse, and was carried off the ground to the Ecole Militaire; adducing the benediction of the banners the colonel of a cavalry regiment managed, by the exercise of some wonderful ingenuity, to hold his standard in such a position that it completely overbalanced him and threw him to the ground. The day comfilled standard-bearer suffered no physical injury, and escaped with a little ridicule. One man in the crowd died from a suit stroke and this was the only fatal accident which occurred, though some thousands must have suffered material damage from the "sun of Austerlitz," which shone so powerfully throughout the day. Altogether the number of accidents did not amount to more than fifteen or twenty, and some of them, and especially the episode of the awkward colonel, only seemed to contribute to the general amusement. The proceedings of the succeeding days are thus described in the letters (From our own Correspondent J TUESDAY. To-day the Champ de Mars was filled with persons who had not yet examined the decorations of the altar" and tribune. Workmen, were busily engaged in finish- ing the arrangements for the bull that evening at the Ecole Militaire. Upwards of 20,000 persons were invited, 8000 of whom were provided with supper tickets. This was a file offered by the army to Louis Napoleon, and it was reported that the Prince President intends to show his appreciation of the compliment by giving double pay to the army during the month of May, The subscription among the officers of the army of Paris for the ex pences of the ball was managed in the following manner; The Commander-in-Chief gave up fifteen days' pay; Generals of Division gave up twelve days; Generals of Brigade, nine days ; Colonels, six days ; Chefs de Batail'on (corresponding to our Majors), five days ; Captains, four days and Lieutenants, two days. The ball took place in the court-yard of the Eenie Militaire.«hieb was boarded over, and formed a magnificent place for dancing, about 70 yards in length, 40 in breadth, and 27 in height. On each side of the ball-room, at a height of about six feet, two galleries had been erected, the balustrades of which were formed of infantry swords, the whole very richly decorated with groups of arms. At one end of the room was an orchestra of 300 musicians, conducted by Strauss at the other, a tribune had been erected for the reception of the President and the diplomatic body. On each side of the ball-room was an ante- room, 70 yards in length and 20 in breadth ; one of them was intended as a reception room, the other for the ladies to rest in. The number of ladies present was not more than 3000, while the gentlemen numbered upwards of 16,000. Each lady on entering the room was presented with a bouquet. the supper-room contained twelve tables, independently of the table reserved for the President. This latter accommodated about 100 persons, while the others, which were arranged four together in three rows, held covers for upwards of 700 ladies, who retired and made way for another party of ladies, and so on until they had all supped. The official programmes announced the important fact, that a reasonable time would be allowed to each party. In other rooms refreshments had been placed for the, dancers and for the suppers of the gentlemen, who sup- ped standing, and 500 at a time. The conversation room was provided with two military bands; and, independently of' numerous boudoirs and vestibules, there was a room where medical attendance was at hand, in case of ladies genuine;, or of any of the numerous accidents peculiur.tociowded Salerooms taking place. A sUfficient body of cupfuls rompers, or firemen, was present, in readiness to extinguish life in whatever part of the building it might appear. ~"u "Those who are fond of statistics, even in theb'alUrcara,, will be pleased to hear that the flooring of the court- ' yard contained 9000 square metres (the metre being about two inches longer than the English yard); that 10,000 metres of waterproof cloth were employed for the covering, that 600 metres of fire were used for the scaffolding, that 60.000 metres of drapery formed the hang- ings, and that 24 000 wax candles were devoted to the lighting of the whole The service of the ball-room was performed by 200 hussars in court dresses, while the attendance at the supper and refreshment tables was supplied by about 600 cooks, maitre d'hotel, and their employes ' A leaf has been taken out of the book of our English Lord Mayor as regards the composition of the banquet, for we And the following details on the subject scattered through various journals, which announce the large supply of salmon, the enormous quantity of Bourdeaux, of the prodigious number of the glasses of punch, according to which appears most pleasing to the gastronomic mind of the writer. The illustrious Chevetof the Palais Royal sent 103 salmon, of which a large number are said to have been trout; he sent 103 galantines, 116 pages of Charles and Strasburg, 68 Kasonne and Westphalia hams, IB carefully selected plates defiles grass, besides 12 "roses." There were, moreover, 50 lobster mayonnaise, and the same number of creams and jellies, 100 dishes of roast fowl, 100 bundles of asparagus, 2)61arge tarts, 744 dishes of pastry, and 444 plates of different fruits. In the matter of wine There were 3000 bottles of Bourdeaux, neither more nor less than 3126 bottles of champagne, 30,000 fees and so here, 20,000 glasses of punch, 1000 lb. of rolls, and 400 loaves. When the doors of the supper room were thrown open, and the officers reviewed the regiments of plates, the battalions of pastry, and the brigades of ices to say nothing of the deputations from the " armies of the land and sea as represented by the " robes" and the salmon respectively, the greatest satisfaction prevailed. The Prince President arrived at ten o'clock, accompanied by the Princess Mathilda, the Marchioness of Douglas, the Marshals of France, and the Corps Diplomatique, and was received with enthusiasm. Dancing was kept up until six o'clock on Wednesday morning. WEDNESDAY Was the day fixed for the dinner given by the President, at the Palace of the Tuileries, to the commanders of the different corps and Regimental deputations who were present at the distribution of the eagles-the Fete des Angles, which disappears is to be Its historical name. The table at which the President and was placed in the Salle des Marchant ; the principal dignitaries of State were the only guests who sat with him. The other tables were arranged in the Salon d'Apollon, the Salon Blanc, and the Guiarle de la Paix. It would tend to repletion were five to enumerate the dishes which composed the dinner of Wednesday, alter the generous description which we have given of the supper of Tuesday. The fish consisted of salmon, turbot, and soles. We heard of nothing in the way of ment but hams, and these were York hams, and roasted. The birds of the mr were present in abundance, some of them being stuffed with truffles; and the amphibious tribes had of course been laid under contribution. Prawns, pastry, cream, French beans, strawberries, coffee and green peas, formed the less substantial part of the repast; but, as there were SOD ices and 800 demi- tasses, we presume that 800 was the number of invitations issued. We were surprised to find that there were sixty-four plates of bon-bons but, on the other hand, the military caste was catered for by a supply of sixty large bowls of punch. After the dinner the company of the Theatre Francais played " Mademoiselle de la Seignior," known to the English public as the "Man of Law," and " Le Rendezvous Bourgeois," from which the first English farce of the " Rendezvous" is taken. THURSDAY. The fate of Thursday consisted of a display of fire- works on the high ground facing the Ecole Militaire, called the Trocadero. Every attempt was made to render it the grandest exhibition of the kind ever seen in France. It began at nine in the evening, and the signal for its commencement was given by the Prince President; This was a Bengal light, which appeared on the Ecole Militaire. The fireworks immediately commenced with a discharge of bombs and variegated stars, and eighteen cannon were at the same time fired. After the first salvo, rockets, giving forth variously coloured fires, were let off, and were succeeded by other rockets, from which blue and green flowers fell in the form of parachutes. After wards, a representation of a species of infernal combat took place. The infantry tired Roman candles, carrying the most brilliant and fantastically coloured balls, in the direction of the artillery, who responded to this polite attention by a rolling fire of horses, which were discharged by 70 different mortars, and by a continuous cannonade. After the efforts and fireworks of the soldiers had been completely exhausted,. four hundred red flames burst forth from the heights of the Trocadero, which the imaginative were to suppose had caught fire. The display of fireworks concluded with a representation, in brilliant fire, of the triumphal arch in the Place du Carrousel. The pyrotechnic copy was twelve times the size of the original, and, instead of being surmounted by a car, had a colossal eagle, with outstretched wings, soaring over it. It bore the inscrip- tion " Vive Louis Napoleon I" and the columns at the right and left were adorned with a gigantic cross of the Legion of Honour, and with the new military medal, on the same large scale. At the same time a bouquet of barrier was fired from the largest mortars, and three lines of rockets were sent into the air. Altogether, the number of rockets fired amounted to 60.0001 Even Thursday was not to be the last day of these years, for on Friday the Prefect of the Seine was to give a grand banquet to all the Generals and Colonels of the army of Paris. 