".,faEL>ci\ points. THE CAPTURE OF THE SEA SERPENT. of I Tube-" Giles Scroggins Ghost." 2 ] j (THE Sr.ni'ENT'i USAD 19 SUPPOSED to nine.) j . Behold I goo 1 people, here I am ; . I -me out of mind you've heard of me, Put always content me a Shum - \- A mere brothers of the sea. By J'linntaam Captains of t I'vepass'd, Careering o'er the" sunny yard ; However, I've been caught at last, As sure as ever was any idea. Who this exploit was to achieve, I'osoildv may have been foreknown The hero could be, you'll believe, A bol 1 American alone. i i , That mighty nation, which is said In everything to go a-head, . Way boast of having cured me dead Ay, dead in any stone. I Charles Penbury, master of the ship Among them. southward bound A vessel and whaling the,. Will for my captures be yellowed ; On January's that entries,. in the furnishes us I lay. All inauspiciously in place. 'Slid the billows 1 was found. I. lying latterly afloat. Little aware what four were near! They Viole up to me in a boat and defied into me a year. At first I knew it not ; but soon became an. are of that harpoon Lodged In me by the Yan nee Jean, And felt considerably queer. The Captain, as he made his runs, ' , ' I had knocks I overboard outright ; Three of the crew did also plunge ^ II. to the sea for very fright. This, at the time I did not know, , - , . Dut dived into the deep below About a mile and an eighth, or so ; Very nearly, if not quite. ' 1 Of course I told that length of rope ' Down, down beneath the ocean ware ; You'll think I had a liberal scope i But, ah I my bacon 'I wouldn't save. All faint with 1 gaol 'door 1 an t pain,. Seeking the surface of the main. They came:, and passed at mc again ; , Dow very cruel to bahai o ! , , , , J They fancied they, had killed me "slick," a meeting die and request the ; When dying. I began to kick. "" Which caused them speedily to fly ! , V And lies, at a safe draw ice, those Carnation loafers, I suppose, Tjoo'i'd on, and view my mortal throes; , At last, I did in earnest die. They measured the; pt! vowed by Hero on city General Washington ! trees swore I was, a hundred and that a foot seven, By full forty-nine feet four I " With ninety-fourth etc in my jaws, And all as sharp as any saving; 1 likcuNe led a sort of paws All winch I never knew. before. They've saved my bend, my bones and skin, Wii'1-ii'.i'r Hamma, of course, will show, was never takes the public in, As all the animals must know. that though my stand with spears be filled, And with! (but with wadding filled. I calculate I'm "scotched, not killed," ' iVb, peradventure, time will show. ' -Punch. 