SIR HARRY f- SMITH ' AND''THE CAFIT4E \- .tó . Jlili.'i..«/A T> : s.:.^.'' (From Jhes,Time>,,February 7.) ' 1 Tho Diiko of Wellington has delivered himself with great perspicuity of a formal judgment on tho Giiffrc war and its pros- pects. His Graco absolutely acquits, Sir Harry; Smith of nay ff serious error" in tho conduct of tho war.' V"H¿. «^eritirèly^ approves all his*ÖperattoiiSJ;inUAtlVä;'ör4oiji. ho has given to"tho'.:tTooj^ll^üj^^j^iß' arrangements ho mado for their success." His " iivm belief is tliot everything ha's, been done hy, tho coirimonding^géncral, by tho forces, and by his bflficcrs, to carry into oxecution the instructions of horrMnj jesty's 'Govcrnnieut." Tho only fault comu'ittcd by tho general in quoption was his ""not having adopted" n system of. action whiclovas-iibt iii lñs''ordcVs.* .'Sug- gestions have now boen mado by tho noble 'Duke to tho Colonial Secretary, and trans- mitted by tho Colonial Secretary to tho sent of w»r, which it . is anticipated may chango thc aspect of affairs, lint aa those instructions were not available for Sir Harry Smith's usc; ho can scarcely bo thought much to blame' for jiöV"' having .divined thom.,. ' \ -'u^Z-i^i j Tho schoino proposed by itho DukoHcjf Wellington admits of easy illustration'. His Graco observes that tho CalTrc3 Beize and occupy,?certain, positions which aro virtually inipVe^'nable. They encamp in thickset woods)'defended hy the greatest difficulties of ground and impenetrable to regular troops. In these natural fast- nesses thoy subsist with -perfect comfort on their plunder. When attacked, they aro enabled from thoir cover to inflict severo losses on tho assailants, and if they ave expelled it is only for the moment, inasmuch' as our troops aro driven perforce to bvnenato .?ositions in which none but-savages can live* The 'conse- quence is that thc war in theso parts assumes thc character of incessant assaults on Btrong places, which are- abandoned as soon as taken, and reoccupied by the enemy hs soon ns iibandpncd. To extinguish theso difficulties Iiis .Grace bas recoiuniéniletl" tlint the fastnesses tu' question should be deprived of their natural strength by-the construction of military roads straight through them. Every formidable kloof and bush is to be penetrated from ono poînt of tho compass to the other by roads adapted to " tho movement of regular troops with tho utmost rapidity." By these means the Cnffres will bo stripped of the resource which they find in tho configuration of tho country and tho cover which these positions afford them. The bush, in Fact, will be converted, fof fighting purposes, into nn open plain, and our soldiers^ fco longer exposed to tho bullets of ambushed Savages, will be able to deal with Caffrcs os with any oidirtary enemy. Since the Caffres have never succeeded against our troops on any ground resembling a fair j ifield, and have proved dangerous only in! such positions ns thoso referred to, it i follows as a natural conséquence that if [ thèse positions could be destroyed the last cliauco of:;the enemy .would be dostvoyed too. "" ;It is impossible to question tho ab- stract truth of these propositions, and if wé offer any remarks upon them it will not .bein relation tb their essential merits. What wo should bo inclined to don ot is, in thbfirst pince, tho practical feasibility of tho plan, and, in the next, tho expediency of tho nttompt. The Duke frankly admitted that tho course proposed would occasion great labour, much time, and great ex- penditure. This is morally certain, and though his Grace was undoubtedly correct in stating that no expense could equal the expenso of campaigning, we know of no precedents to assure us that road-mak- ing in such a country, and on such a scale, could ever bo effectually carried out. Tho East India Company have at least as much available revonue as we are likely to appply towards reclaiming tho wildernesses of Southern Africa, and yet, though they are actuated by every con- ceivable motive for despatch, and impelled by tho ceaseless importunities of censors nt borne, they - have scarcely made as many roads in the last ten yours- ns would fit a lentil part of British Caffraria ! for the movement of troops. Perhaps tho Caffrcs themselves, if wo could catch them, might bo employed upon these now public works ; perhaps fire, well applied,' might do something towards a general sweep. But looking Ht tho enor- mous extent of country and the formidable strength of the positions to be traversed, 'wc very much donbt whether it would be found,, practicable so to " clear" even Somersot and Albany as to leave an in- vading army of savages without a bush to camp in. As to British Cail'raria, "Vic- toria, and tho Orango Sovereignty, of course tho attempt is out of tho ques- tion, i Moreover, thc argument may bo carriod somewhat further. Admitting that by a certain outlay of money, scienco, and la- bour, thoso rugged tracts could bo threaded by roads as' effective- ns those of tho an- cient Rómaps, is tho object worth tho cost ? : Are these vast outlying provinces of suçh importance either to tho Cape settlêment"'ôri ïhe' British empire ns that we should make such prodigious exertions I to civilise them ? . Is. it .absolutely neces- sary that British troops should be obie to march through Albany and Cradock as easily os'throtigh Kent and Sussex ? We incline to think not ; and instead, therefore, of providing such facilities for their manïeu vrcs, wo should prefer to- see, the service disponsed with altogether by. a .judicious contraction of our frontiers. If tho genius of colonial agriculture requires illimitable space for its » operations, let. the farmews migrate eastward *.nt ¿their, .discretion j/but lot it bo well understood that-every- ex- tension of sheep-walks is not to entail a' corresponding, responsibility on tho- Im- perial Government.. Wo cannot under- take, to, protect'every settlor who occupies jtwcnty'squnro miles, for his homestead. Tho interests of the Empire in thc colony, exclusivo of Cape Town-harbour, aro so small that it is unreasonable in the ex- treme to exact such an outjay in its de- fence. The settlers, if rolioved from what tho mover of tho address very sensibly styled the influence of philanthropic ! twaddle,'would ¡be '.perfectly competent to defend-'. themselves within any con :säönabl0.r\limits.;:V,öf''' cultivation: If they must needs disturb a nest of savages they-. in list* talco tho con-| sequences,, but, up tp^, a certain Imo they could unquestionably!,."hold, their own if 'they ÀYei^.-^tw.^\rj(à"n'{r⁢' robbers and , murdei'ers as ;robbors a and m urderors are treated in every other part of tho world, j (i ¡ií.On,these grounds, theroforo, ,wo are of opinion that. with respect to those parti-' 'culnr1'fastnesses against which our troops have been so unprofitably led, it would bo better to relinquish them to their natural inhabitants-whether wild beasts or saviges, thon .to endeavour at a vast ex- pense to fit'thcoi for moro civilised occupa- tion. When our frontier has boon oncomorc defined, with a little moro attention to tho exigencies of a defensive ivar, wo can' exécute within this boundary,,,whatever works wo ploaso ; but i.wo need ¡ not. sot about making roads in provinces which'Hvo have dçcidçd'io. abandon','1]' 'ïf^ln '[tho.',Very neighbourhood bf ' Gmháiíl'a ' Town-a town \yhich;hns - actually d^eonv mentioned as the futuro capital'of tlío sottlomont nnd tho seat of colonial government-the coun- try is so ru'dfe and uncultivated that 5000 savages can occupynn impregnable position under its walls, what character^can wo attribute to settlements . thus described ? Is it not evident that they arc settlements ?only in name, and ¿hat tho energies pf our troops hnve>* been consumed in protecting either a hugo sheep farra or a veritable doscrt ? Wo.. trust, .thoso,, considerations may bo carefully weighed, and that. we j may not embark in any costly enterprise for civilising tracts with which,wp have no business at nil. ? '"., BKUKV ov TH B AusTii ALI AN TIUBES.--Noîther nt Cupo York, nor in any of tho islands of Torras Straits, so fur us I «in aware,' do tho' aborigines appear to liavo formed an iden of thc eilstonco of it Supremo Being. Tho 'abseaco of this boliof may appear questionable, ' but ray informant, Ü i'om, Hpuko quite decidedly on thia point, having I frequently nuido il Ibo uulyecl of conversation J willi tho Kowroropa hlncku. Tho singular belia in thc transmigration of souls, which is gehcra1 among thc »bole of the Australian tribes, sa fui ns known also extends to tho islands of Torre« Straits. The psople holding it, imagino thnt.iin mediately aftef death, they aro changed into white people ot EuföpcntiB, and ns such pass into tho second and final part of their existence ; nor is it any part of this creed that future rewards and punishments are awarded, lt may rfcnUily be imagined that when igiwrant and superstitious savage tribes, such as those nuder consideration, were first visited by Europeans, it was natural for them to look with wonder upon beings so strangely different from themselves, and so infinitely supe- rior in tho powers conferred by civilization, and to associate so much that was wonderful with the idea of supernatural agency. At Darn ley Island, the Prince of Wales Islands, and Capo York the word used to signify a white man nlso meanB ghost. Tho Capo York people went so far as to recognise in several of our officers and others in the ship, the ghosts of departed friends, to whom they might have borne some fancied resemblance, and in consequence, uuder the new names of Tamu, Tarka, &c;, they were claimed a's relations, and entitled toidi tho privileges of such. Among many superstitions held by' the Princo of Wulcs Inlanders, they arc much afraid of shooting stars, which in breaking up produce young ones of their own kind. Aftor sneering, they make violent gestures with the hands ami arms : if a joint cracks, they imagine some one is speaking of them or wishing them well in tho direction in which the arm is pointing. Tho only tradition which I heard of occurs among the Kowrarcgns, and is north mentioning for its singularity. Tho first mau created was a great giant named Adi, who, while fishing off Hammond Island, was caught by tho rising tide mid drowned, Hammond Hock springing up immediately after to mark the spot. - His wives, who were watching bini nt tho time, resolved to drown themselves, und wero changed into some dry rocks upon au adjacent reef named after them, Ipile, or tho wives. Voyage of ll. M. S. lialtlctnake. CuuRcit or KNGUASD IN HOME.-The clergyman nnd'coiigrogation of tho Ëuglïsh chapel at Rome have repudiated tho authority of their own Pro- testant Bishop, on the giom'id that tho Pope, ns Bishopf'of IKomo, is sole ordinary of ? all epis- copal churches in that dioccso. Til o jurisdiction of the Bishop of Gibraltar is disowned ; but it doos not appear ' that, the authority of the Popo lins been formally acknowledged. Tho principal agent in tho.perpetration of this scandal, we un- derstand, to have boon no les'sti personage tbnn tho Risht Hon. Dr. :'Nichol. Intelv'n ummtmr nf Sir Robert Fuel's .administration. -Mancheater j Examiner, Jnnunry 24¿ ?'?<'? ? . 