LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. THE INFLUENZA.—Damn the Influenza. THE " GREAT BRITAIN " STEAM SHIP. —It appears now to be formally announced that this leviathan steam ship—the longest in the world—will steer direct for our shores ; and, perhaps, for aught we know, while we are prepar- ing to go to press, the ship's bell may be ringing her entrance into our beautiful harbour, of which so much has been said and sung. Preparations have been made for our " great English arrival " at Campbell's Wharf, at which it was little an- ticipated, when built, so large a vessel would ever be moored. A LARGE MAIL.—The " Sydney," which is the next mail steamer due here, will bring with her the largest mail ever transmitted to the colony ; advices having been received which state that her newspapers alone will be several tons weight." This may in some measure ac- count for the late irregularity in the receipt of our files of " home news," NEW INSOLVENT.— John Fourness Sme- thurst, of Parramatta road, near Sydney, la- bourer. Amount of liabilites. £107 7s. 2d. ; of assets, £2 10s. ; and of deficiency, £104 17s. 2d. Mr George King, official assignee. INSPECTORS OF DISTILLERIES.- His Ex- cellency the Governor-General has appointed the undermentioned persons to be inspectors of distilleries, viz :—Mr William Doulan, Chiel Constable at Dubbo; Mr Peter Charles Murphy, Chief Constable at Port Macquarie : and Serjt.- Major John Ragwill. of the Gold Police. COURT MARTIAL EXTRAORDINARY AT PARRAMATTA - On Monday, the 18th instant, a conimision extraordinary, consisting of a dozen .f .P.'s, assembled in the Police Office of this tea- pot township, to hear and determine upon cer- tain charges and counter-charges severally and respectively laid by ned between Cbi-f Constable John Ryan, and District Constable Henry M'Donald. Tho war between these conservators of tiie ponce lind long been the one subject of conversation in . Parramatta, and consequently on the grent day of judgment being fixed, tho excitement verged closely upon the appalling. So momentous did- the mutters to be discussed appear to tho commission on their first meeting, that an adjournment .was proposed and carried ; and accordingly thc commission re-assembled on Saturday last for " Iransnction of business." The first case entered into wa» that of tho com- plaint of District .Constable .Henry M'Donald, against his commander in-clrref, which embraced the following horrible charges t-'- For that he, the said John Ryan, did. between tho firnt day of January, and the fourteenth day of Septem- ber, 1852, order nnd command tho said Henry M' Donald to make out in writing the following returns in his office, and enter records of same in books, in addition to the ordinary duties of the said Henry M'Donald as district constable, viz. : -1st, the electoral roll for the year 1658 ; 2nd, constable»' monthly pay abstracts ; 3rd, re- turn of duties exclusivo of patrol ; 4th, return of warrants: ¿¡th diary of constables' duties; Otb, return of conduct of constabulary ; 7th. return of prisoners taken into custody ; 8th. re- turn of patrol duties ; 9th. farrier's account ; 10th. forage account ; 11th, postago account. When compelled from a state of injured health to resign .writiDg as nforesaid, ho, the said John Ryan. awarded extra duties to be dono nnd per- formed hy the said Henry M'Donald ; nnd since that time his manner has been harsh and over- hearing towards the said Henry M'Donald. For thc aforesaid injuries the said Henry M" Donald most Vespoctfully. prays that inquiry.may bo mado with respect to the above complaint. Was kept on duty from a quarter to .12, noon,.until (Seventeen minutes to 0 r.M , nnd from tv quarter past 0 r u., until 13 midnight,, pn.Sunday, ¿¡Ch of September. ? On tho 7th received orders to go on duty every morning at 6 o'clock, and re- main until IO : mid ,;iot to notice Mr Forbes when be should como, nor his.horse, ns pro- vision should be made for that. And, further, hu was not to make his appearance ia court, in future unless he had n case." Kyan. in defence, admitted the soft impeachment in respect to tho 1st count in the indictment : bot pleaded the innocence of a still-born infant ns regarded the rest; and ns a clincher to such dé- fonce, triumphantly handed np to their worships certificates of lang and meritorious service to hts Queen and country. The Hench, overwhelmed with such a mnss of repudiator/ evidence, of course, instantaneously turned up " Itynn ; and forthwith proceeded to entertain .that wor- thy ciders catalogue of misdemeanours against his subordinate, which consisted ol the following unheard of atrocities :-" For that he. Henry M'Donald did, between the 1st day of Juno and tho 10th day of September, J 852. repeat- edly disobey his (Ryan's) orders ns Chief Con- stable, nnd during the same period had many tunes been extremely insolent : and his manner and behaviour towards him ( Itynn) in the pre- sence of the men, waa disrespectful. And, fur- ther, M' Donald had endcav Hired to stigmatise his ( Itynn's) public character." A universal sentiment of horror thrilled through the Court on the reading of the fo>egoing information ; i%nd the minds of the commission appeared to be so efleetvmlly stunned by the frightful character of the disclosures therein contained, that it «vas judged advisable to adjourn tho Court until Tuesday, the 2nd November next by which timo it is devoutly to bo hoped the pubiic pulso may have regained its customary tem- perate beat MKLBUURNK VSRSUS SYPNBY-On Tues- day evening last, several gentlemen who were afflicted with the prevailing epidemic, determin- ed (under medical advice) to drive it away hy . he force, of Entwisle's famous whiskey toddy. Tho party consisted of a sea captain from Kor ararika. a Wool Broker from Yorkshire, a cannie Scot, from Forfar, n corporate officer, a knowing coon, frao Dumbarton ; a portly city councillor, and mine host himself. Having im- bibed what was considered sufficient to send tho Influenza to the devil, tho party were about to retire, when they were joined hy a Victoria gentleman, who is ou a visit to Sydney, and who, as a matter of course, «vas Invited to par- take nf the excellent Islay. " Mnke it strong," said tho Forfar gont , " it 'ill no hurt yo ; thorc's nae headache in a hooshead o' if' " But suro yo dinna ca' this whiskey." »aid tho.,Melbourne ?chnp (a"chli?r from ^Fíícshlré). "it's only com- mon Schiedam." " I'll lay yo five poond its our aln country whiskey," said Forfnr. " Done,'' I replied Melbourno ; and tho bet wns made. I .' And I'll lay a finiff to five bob its Scotch whiskey, and nothing else. ' said tho landlord. Í " Done," replied Melbourne ; " it's a bet ;" and the bet was made. It was now agreed that tho I decanter, which contained a quantity of the ! liquor, should bo placed under lock and key till ¡ morning, and tho question to bo then decided by I competent judges. Morning enmo, and on the : decanter being produced, it was evident from tho I colourless liquid within; that il was either «rater or pure Schiedam. There was no Highland tint to lie seen. Tho j nd-os pronounced it pure Hollands, and that thoso «vito mistook it for pure whiikey were poor judges of what pure Scotch whiskey really was. But how could it occur!' The waiter had made a mistake in the fait deeantër ontul and hod brought up ibo, «vrong Jhjunr. Wo trust the gentleman from. Melbourne will hot mention tho circumstance on his return home, or if he do so, he will explain "that the Sydney influenza vitiates'the taste and smell of thoso it attacks ; and all the^gentlemen prescrit heme «ander its influenoe, they were un- able (from that causo only, and. no other),to distin(ulah the dlrterenou between Islay whiskey and 11 ol landa gin.''. 1 STUMS' LAST.-Cory," said Stubbs th-'ethor day (whoso business waa rather dull at^ .tho Police Office), " can you tell mo why your, profession is not only logal but religious I" , No, thnt 1 can't." , " It's becnuso it involves | a'knowledge of the I »aw and a love of tho profits j (Prophets)." Cory felt his pockets, and laughed, j PRODLIM.-Given, two niggers in a j 'cab ; required, on what colorable pretext th«-I drlrsreaa raak» a/ara out ot tiltia P ' v I ROAD FROM BATHURST TO SOFALA.-Hi* Excellency (lia Govirnor-Gcueral. ,with the mi vice nf tho Executive Council; having deemed it expedient 'tn ppen and'-millie a parish road (to hu maintained! at the expense of the parishes' through which! it may pain) ; from Bathurst to Sofala, notjee is given in Tueaday's Government Gate.tt* that, in conformity with the provision» of the Art of tho Governor and Council, 4th William IV., No. ll, a plan and bunk of re-1 furciice, showing the Intended line of the road nre deposited in the nfflco of the Surveyor-Ge- neral, in Sydney, nnd at thc Police Office, Hn thurst. and all persons interested therein are to transmit in writing to the Clerk of the Executive Council, within one month, any well grounded objection which may exist to the formation of, the road in question THE COLLINGWOOD TRAOFDY.-The trials of Charles Oliver Brereton, nnd his para- mour, Elizabeth Dawes, for tho wilful murder of William Dawes, the husband of the female prisoner, took place at Melbourne on the 19th instant, and resulted in o verdict of manslaugh- ter against both prlsoners;'who- were remanded for sentence. (The full particulars of this dreadful occurrence were"'given.' inUmr issue of the 18th instant.) On the previous Friday, at the same Criminal Sittings, John Riches was convicted of the wilful murder of one Henry Webb, on the 7th day of October last, by shoot- ing him with a gun in the Black Forest, on their return from the Diggings. The jury re- commended the prisoner to mercy, but upon no special grounds, and he was remanded for sentence. TUB MARCH OÖ ÍNT'EXLRCT.- A splendid specialen of the painter's art bas made its appearance on a sign-hoard scientifically «Six-d to the premises of Mr Undertaker Thomas in King-street West.' Ills an exquisite piece of workmanship : and which is most to be admired - the beautiful writing, its punctuation,rir it« n'a irmlt'eal precision, is ..a question, not .yet decided. We transcribe; a ftir ropy of .it for the instruc- tion «if our revilers who may not have .the oppor- tunity nf judging*'Yor^theinst Ives ; although it ought to be seen to be properly appreciated-but here it it. SADDLE HORSE. and GIG ON HIRE. ALSO. A. SPRING VAN. Tho Councillor, with that brevity for whle'i he is so much admired, inform» the passers-by In as' few words as possible, that he has a horse'with a saddle on him for hire (wa presume, for either l.idy or Gentleman.) Also, a Gig arid Spring THU, which must br. hoia'd and harnessed by those who hire llirm. We understand the artist is a new importation, aod the author of a work, entitled, " Putietuvtion ; or, How to Stop and When to Stop.'' The letters are a new style of ; " Capitals *. not hitherto seen in the colony ;* whilst the ornamental scrolls surpass any thin* i of their kind. Partira about to ornament their* ! shop fronts, can ascertain the »hereabouts nf the tal-nted artist on : application to Mr Councillor Thomas. Two KXTREMFS.- Councillor Thomas seeks our advice under tho following very pecu- liar circumstances : he states, that in November last ho announced himself a candidate for the nldermnnic gown, but nt tho eleventh hour ho was persuaded to resign, to mnke way for what his Jnoii'tem friends were pleased to call better men. Tiiis he has regretted ever since, as he finds better men were not returned ; and had ho i stood his ground'his election was secure, and his ! elevation to the magistracy would have followed. ; which has not been tho case' with those who Were» i elected ? In last week's (Jovernm'nt Qax'ti* ! ho noticed the-following appointments -.. (leo. ! Thornton. Esq.. of Sydney, and Samuel Peek, i Esq., of East Gosford,"- tr}, bo1*magistrates of the territory, «fcc." The Councillor says, that tho former gentleman ha» been'a'member of the City Council about five years, and rennins so : ! and the latter gentleman'. after havme served : about one year, abruptly resigned ; he (Coitn i cillor Thomas) therefore wishes-.to ascertain ! which of these two extreme coarse* is tho -most I likoly to recommend him and his friend, Coun ! cillor Hogan, to the notico of the/Governor* i Genornl, namely. ** Mr Thornton's pl*n of stick : ing to tho council, or Mr Peek's plan" of cutting it?" [We recommend both these gentlemen to' send in their resignations to tho Town Clerk : then get their very worthy friend tho-M ajoróte* submit their names to the Govcrnor-GcneraU and there is no doubt but in tho followir»g;-<7a 3 after tho following style - His Excellency-tho ' Governor-General has been pleased to appoint Henry Thomas, Esq .ofBuryem Hall, Newtown. and Patrick Hogan. Esq.. nf Soapem House. - Kock«, to'vbo magistrates of tho territory and its dependencies, RAINER'S ETHIOPIAN SERENADERS.— This company have announced the first of their last six concerts to take place on Monday even- ing next, at the Royal Hotel ; and their depar- ure being fixed for Melbourne after Friday the 12th proximo, their patrons will do well to avail themselves of the few remaining opportunities of enjoying their unrivalled entertainments. We may also venture the expression of a hope, that His Excellency the Governor-General may be induced to countenance the "nigger band " be- fore their flight to the southward ; for numerous as have been the companies, laying claim to the designation of "The Original Sorenaders," we believe that Mr. Rainer's possesses the only legi- tímate claim to the distinction, and, as such, has been recognised by every country and state through which they have passed on their present tour around the world. CHOP AND COFFEE HOUSES.— It is some- what singular that this large city should not embrace within its precincts an establishment or two after the style of the London Coffee Houses. We know no investment that would pay better, especially in these days when hundreds of new arrivals are thrown upon the streets to search for food and shelter. A tavern is all very well, and in less independent times might readily furnish any reasonable accommodation that might be demanded ; but for the numerous birds of pas- sage at present flitting through the town, whose stay is in many instances limited to a few hours, some more suitable conveniences are required than those which the grog-vender might choose to provide, if, indeed, he condescended to enter- . tain an application for breakfast, dinner, or tea, as the case may be. We repeat, there is a splen- did opening for one or more respectably-con- ducted establishments of this description ; the absence of which will be daily more severely felt, in proportion as our population increases.. EXTRAORDINARY FEROCITY OF A HORSE. A case of ferocity in a horse rarely equalled, has given rise to law proceedings before the courts of Rouen. On the 24th of November last, a farmer named Blanchard, of Verelive (Eure), possessed a horse ; and in his presence, and with his consent, a horse-dealer named Lavolpierre sold it to a farmer named Delaisement, of Corny. The next day Blanchard told a young man in his service to convey the horse to Delaisement. The latter, however, refused to receive it, on the ground that he had learnt that it was vicious and dangerous. In returning, the horse several times attempted to throw the young man, and at length, becoming quite furious at the restraint which the rider imposed on him, he bounded erect in the air, and succeeded in getting him off his back. The animal then rushed on him, bit him on the breast, and tried to trample on him. The young man defended himself as well as he was able, but the horse caught the flesh of his thigh in his teeth, and tore it off in the most savage manner, leaving the bone exposed. He then went some little distance, and with his fore- paws formed a hole of some depth, and then, re- turning to his victim, who was lying almost senseless on the ground, he smelt around him, as if reflecting how he could best drag him to the hole. Some noise, however, at the moment struck his ear, and he galloped home. When he arrived, his mouth was stained with blood, and bits of flesh were still adhering to it. The young man, who was so dreadfully treated, had to have his leg amputated. He subsequently brought an action against Blanchard, Dalaise- ment, and Lavoipierre, to recover damages. — Times, July 14. PRECOSITT OF yiCToRiA.-Iii n JR|O issue of tho Melbourne Morning Herald, wo ob-, sorrod advertised for sale. " A Primo Lot. of uewly-calved Cows, warranted In full tn>{*> Now thia ls rather creamy i but it hapbena un-, fertsmatflf le *. mtít^'miúf^J^^,^^ 'r..? Tn« «« FoMJou',,-Tht faquir ll ^¿t^r Poliô» Ofla«.into the charge of oossp lng to impe,dothe pregret» of this »teamer; on 1 Inte voyage from E«n1an<i, preferred hy Caph Parfitt ngninsp trVeiity tlir,J« of hi« crew,« entered into oh, Wednesday, when Mr Rohei appeared for Mr G. ft. Nichol*, a« attorney 1 the .complainant, and Mr ll. SuhnsoV for t defendants. The affair ended iii smoke) 1 Kobern, on behalf of tho Captain, proposing withdraw the prosecution on th« ground bf t great inconvenience accruing to him therpfro and Mr Johnson contending that his ellet were entitled toan unqualified acquittal. T Hench adopted the latter course, and discharg the men, with the expression of a hope that th would return to their duty. A . HitíHLAsnÚArJ's Kiss '.-Arch S to wart (who need not he, ashamed bf hi? nam is a perfect apecimen of what a Highland ouyAt to bo-sturdy legs and shouldt broad-dnrk-curly hair, rind oval face, set olí . graceful- moustache, a pair of eyes black blackberries," and piercinf os tne Moantu Eazle. Archie's .' pitt, prother" keeps a dai at Ullailulla. and his .. prigger prother ' is pip to the Marquis of Breadalbane, so that Archil -descent is from the Hills I ..He, too, can V pl the fiddle weel" and skirl up the Bangor" i thc bag pipes, keeping exquisite time with I foot-: and where, oh where is the Scotchman wi «ould listen to the strains ol " Delvin Side " Tullochgorum.'.' "Pibroch O Donald Dhu ..? Farewell to Lochabbor,'' and a thousand oth old tunes, without .oonjurin? un associations "Auld Lang Syne," and feeling his blood not only growing warm, but absolutely louping as it were even in his very veins ! "Breathes there the man with soul so dead, Who never to himself hath said This is mine own my native land. Whose heart hath ne'er within him burned, While home his footsteps he hath turned From wandering on a foreign strand " Archie had just returned from Ulladulla, and was on his way to the Southern Diggings, but who could not find it in his heart to leave Sydney without "gein me a ca' in order to pring pack py gane times ance mair," which we certainly did over a hearty "doch an' doris !" The hour however at last arrived when the "pest o' frien's maun pairt." We had got to the corner of King-street, and just as little "hold hard" gave ono of his dismal' flourishes on the key'd hug) ?Archio made a spritig;' clasped mo round tl neck, and imprinted on' my lips a loud »mae to the utter astonishment nf the cn tire audicUc Ho then took to his heels, stuffing n whii pocket-handkerchief into his raoutlujto hide h emotion, whilst I, poor wight, gathered up ii hat, which had dropped in the scuffle, and bolte into " Tho Golden Fleece,'' adjusting my wan rope,,really and truly fancyiix» I must belong I the aofter sex !. My friend Willie Warden sal .smoking in the corner of the room (and who ha likewise . been a spectator to the whole affair Well, said he, " I'm bluw'd if this does not b< cockfochtin - hero F-, my fine fellow, tak th|« (handing mc a nobbler), and treasure up i jour memory the recollection of a Highlandman' kiss J"- Our Box. . IMPORTANT TO PIG JOBBERS-M Stnbhs has kindly favored us with his leg; opinion upon the following point. " Can a pei son keep a hedge-hog or a .guinea pig witlii /orly yards of an aligned strcot T " Yes, if the do'nt run away." COMPLIMENTS OP THE SEASON. " A-ach. mistcher Jshonosh, ough ! ough ! on ou-ou- ough ! how, ou-otigh ! aro you, ou-ou-ou ou-ough ! tliia morn, ough f" Mr Jones. "Ol bre-ibful, Bister ough-ough-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou ou-oagh-Simp-ough- kins ; can't got rib-ough oogh-oh if" SERIOUS INDISPOSITION OF TH B A DVO CATS.-Our friend .tho Peoplo's Advocate, wouk appear to be in extremis, from its indiscrimicati convulsivo tickings against friend and foe. Thi great principles promulgated upon tho nativity o this hebdomednl have been so scrupulously octet tip to, that it bids fair, shortly to retiro from public life upon a liberal pension of " mon irids than half-pence." " The few who o'er its drowsy columns sleep, Would, if-they could, no doubt awake and weep. But soalcd in softest slumber ns they read. Of its sad. doom impoudiog trvke no_hcçd.*'_ SEPARATION.--A petition is in course of signature for presentation to the Queen in Council, from the inhabitants of Balmain, pray- ing for the separation of thnt district from thc Colony of New South Wales. The petitioners have adopted, or we should rather say parodied, the advertised maniacal composition of the good folks of Moreton Bay to tho same modest effect. The concentrated intellect of this latter densely populated region - estimated at no fewer than 12,182 souls -imperatively demands concession to so reasonable a demand. There are Bigg men amongst them, who would not scruple to welter in their Gore if need be, if a duck-Poo's might not as well answer their purpose. There are likewise Little men up in arms, with Coleye in leashes ready to slip on occasion, and a Variety of the Hodge tribe, one and all prepared to "do or die" in their majestic struggle for permission to toddle alone. Precocious little pears! . TitK'VICTORIA TIIKATUE.-If we were lo speak literally, we mitritt say with truth that every performer and every piece has liven " coughed dein" during the week by merr ghost» nf' audiences-adventurous ghosts, too, to have braved the hateful night bréete in their gasping times af influença. The intereslinK play' of " Tlie Creole,'.' or *'Love's Fetter»,'' was produced on Monday .and Wednesday even- ings, and we irutt we may never witness its rr|>etilion »¡llf- th¿'like CASI.' Madame Carandini ai Hyacinth St Erne Hot, Mr» G uer in'a litlloua Kt Mart. R iger»' fJnml'on, ami Frank's Büket, were, however, sufficiently excellent' td-save the pirca from signs'! condemnation. On Thursday the Opera of " La Sonnamtmla." waa hazarded, the eorrrrnrny not ImVfng the fear nf husky voices Wiora thi-ir eye», but bring moved and insti- gated by the (I-»»irv. to 'revive'so genero! a favorite. Il pasted off far better thin could have bren expected under' the -clrenmsUhcet, and much credit ia due to the-company gene'rally fur their-«ourage in so determinately battling with the general foe. . .? i . ? ,.h ?. ? A .GRATEFUL GOLD-DIGCIKR.-lt is aal long'aluce that Vman'named Jahn Flinn, who had been sent out to'this Colony from India, fur, when beilfg a aergeant of 'arlillrry, striking a'superior officer, was stationed ks a constable on Bruni Island. He Was a man'of lulairible education rand "his, habita wei« retiring and un olutruiive. One morning he was missed from his accustomed station—he had heard of the gold, and, having obtained his pardon, went to seek a share of the precious deposit. During his stay on the Island he had been received occasionally at the table of a gentleman, with a kind and hospitable feeling. Flinn remained absent for a brief period, and recently returned. He re- paired to 'IJfiirri Island, lo the houta of the gen- tleman'Wlid'Hadbefriended him in adversity. H> returned his seat by that hospitable fireside, ?nil upon the arrival of th» proprietor, asked whether he cnuld do anyihinij for him. The "ply was," No, John, 1 Irave Ont my man to" *>»nt-bol where have you bf en»" The result ol tMs .friendly intertugatiun wu». MUt Flinn con [".fd he had'bern at the gold diggings, cnn tludlns; lila narrative by 'placing. oney hundred .otereffrns'slpon the table; insisting upon the gmllrman'a receiving the welney ns 'a present end refuting ito accept'any acknowledgment for th« same. He lurther inquired after on» of the boy», and wat ,told -thnt it waa intended to pltce him lu a public tchoul, lu fact, that lie wai ¡n town for that purpose; 'That slirn Flinn wgged the farour nf paying, and subsequently, '««me to town. He fuuhdV til« yiiiitii, took .bim to Cook's, had lila measure taken, paid for two tulla of rlothet for! Jilin, srlslted Cole'». «nd Watehorn'a to eomplrte ids ' rti-out.* and «ubiequently bought him a walch Jit'tlie figure W 18/. In addlton to this, he has don« nuuie tOM other aeta or kindness, and has distributed jamil auras ttniong th« poor in Bruni Island, sn conclusion wa may stale that he cloareil about WW« «t the digglnga-he knows wlierd to go, "..ay», and will go once more, and tiien return , w »title In Van Diemen'« Land. - Courier, , THE HIGH PRICK OF BREAD.-\vV «.ily imagine that wo po»soss some «light claim ,*° lb» consideration of our atafT-of-lifu supplying ! ".?W» A»rleg ever studiously «drooMed th» i ".ws.ofMufsawia our sporüii¿ eoluaiaa. - ~J .r .' ? " . . i < ? ?? " 