VICTORIA. We have received our files of Gaelong and Melbourne pipers to llie 2nd instant. L'gislatide Council. The following stood on the notices of motion, 2nd November : — Dr. Thompson to move, " That nn humble and. dutiful address he trans mitted to Her Majesty tho Queen, setting forth the dissatisfaction of litis Council with our ex isting Constitution, and praying Her Majesty to bestow upon the Colony of Victoria similar powers of self-government atid a form of consti tution similar to that whieh Her Mijosty, with the advice and coitst-hil of the Parliament of Great Britain and Ire'hnd, was pleased lo grant in the fourth year of lier Reign to the United I'rovinces (if Canada." ! Mr. Johnston (gave notice, that lie would move on 'the 2Hrd 'instant' for a vote of want of- confidence in the Executive Government. ' |)r. Murphy would.' tnovo on- the Kill). Ill-it the tiuijibe'r of members of Council bo increased to 51; and be would' -also introduce a Bill to that effect during llie session. The orders of the day wero : — Gold Export Duty, and the Melbourne Municipil Fran chise hills to he considered in committee. The Gold Export Duty bill was postponed for a fortnight. It has turned out that the disease on hoard the Vulcan is not sin ill pox, and all symptoms had disappeared. The military, 430 in number, landed at Mel bourne on the 2nd. An'ndjouriied public mooting of tlio diggers has been held, to petiiioo for ail efficient police force, and against the export doty on gold. ' '-'n)T9HHarat'"'Wc«jythrou»ht.-dowii 2-l;000 ouno.es, of whieh 19.302 wero for Geelong, and about 4000 for 'Alelhourno. This largo qoati- tity is attributed partly to nu increasing popula tion, and the discovery of now gullies of groat richness ; and partly from the quantity loft behind the previous week. The Forest Creek escort arrivod in Mel bourne on the 1st inst. with 12,000 ounces. The result of city nominations for Melbourne wi 3 as follows: — Messrs. Rotor Davis, Bryant Cosgrove, and It uilly wero reelected; Mr. 'Timothy Lane, upon the retirement of Conn cillnr Crossly, wffs elected for Gipps Ward. f Veslei/an Church Extension.— At a meeting in Melbourne on the 1st instant, the very largo sum of £2(500 were subscribed for the purpose of bringing out live iron chapels from England, to he located at Kddi,. CiJ '.ngwood, Rrahau. Melbourne and IRclioiond. Tho Hev. Mr. Butters stated that £6000 would die needed for the ohj< dt ; and exhibited some c'laste desijus- executed by Mr. Wharton, which excited great admiration. Ireland.— The Roman Catholic Primacy, dismayed by the contempt with which the Holy See treated their former selection of llie priests of the diocese of Armagh, have again gone through the form oF nominating one of their body to fill the office of Primate and -Arch bishop, vacated by the translation of Dr Cullen to the metripolitan chair, with tlio .-brevet rank of Aposlolic Delegate- in Ireland to the Court of Koine. There wore throe candidates, for the appointment, HWo of, whom ( Drs. Dixon and KierauJ had been chosen on the former occasion as dignissinius and dignior, tlio third being Dr M; Nolly, " Bishop of Cloglier, a prelate who until lately had. belonged to tlio now. forgotten class of" moderates," almost tho last of whom was persoiiified by the lamented Archbishop Murray. Dr Culleir presided in his capacity of administrator at tho meeting of the clergy, and having celebrated the solemn High Mass of the Holy Ghost "his Grace" delivered a sermon, after which the election of his successor to the Primacy of all Ireland was proceeded with in the cathedral. The cere monial having heea'coiicluded, a scrutiny of the votes was entered into, which gave the following results— . Dignissimiis - — The Very Rev. Dr. Dixon. ii 2 1 Dignior — The Very Rev. Dr. Kiernn 19 Digitus — The Very Rev. Dr, M'Nnlly, Bishop of Cleglter 7 Dr. Dixoii holds one of the Professorships in the Royal College of Maynootli. — -Times, August 7- - 