STEAM. COMMUNICAT[ON ?BETWEEN GREAT BRIT'AIN AND AUSTRALIA. There is perhaps no great and important service. at the present -time requiring more to he guided by some fixed principles. than that which ought to be carried out in communications between the mother country and these colonies. With re spect to steam postal intercourse and traffic between them, twogreat routes are now open, and a' thifr is on the eve of opening: 1, chec-eastern route, by Suez and Singapore; 2, the Cape of Good Hope rout?.; 3, the..western route, by Panama,a'id Ne? Zealand. Now, if we ask, what has been the great object of the proprietors of each of these lines? The aniswer will be, -" To bring Great Br~itain, tile centre of the whole system, indto the earliest and most profitable com inunicatin with her "ustralian domi nions"-That the line by Suez and Singapore was chosen by the late Chan cellor of the Exchequer, not for this object, but solely because it would afford a communication between the East In dies and Australia, and at the same time foster and develope our intercouse with China, is a matter of history. TIlE following is a somewhat savage set-down of Melbourne by a Sydney man. He says that a worse regulated, worse governed, worse drained, worse lighted, worse watered town of note is not on the face of the globe; and that a population more thoroughly disposed, in every grade, to cheating and robbery, open. and covert, does not exist: that in no other place does rank immorality stalk abroad so un blushingly, and so unchecked; that in no other place is education and religion so little attended to: that in no other place i= the public money so wantonly squandered without giving the slightest protection to life or property: that in no other place aro the administrative func tions of Government so inefficiently managed; and, in a word, no where in the southern hemisphere, does chaos reign so triumphant as in Melbourne; nor where the designing politician or dishonest statesman may reap a fuller harvest than in this city. We want but lynch law, and then the picture would be complete. FRES? and rich diggings have been opened at Meroo, in New South Wales, and a nugget of pure gold, weighing more than two pounds, was dug up. Proof also accumulates, that a rich and proba bly extensive gold field exists at Bin gera. The legislature of California has passed an act, providing for the due care of im migrants; and the Commissioner at San Francisco writes to the Sydney hlerald, giving a detail of the provisions of the said act, and warning owners or captains of vessels of the pains and penalties to which they are liable by con travening the provisions of.thc act. The subject of wool engages soientifio as well as manufacturing and commercial attention in England. In London, re cently, in a lecture delivered at the Society of Arts by Professor Owen, the lecturer noticed the fact that the care of sheep occupied a greater number of the human race than all other occupations put together. From the depths of Cen tral Asia to the newest states of America, the pastoral life was followed, so that, judging from the number of human beings employed in its cultivation, wool was the most important of all animal products used in manufactures. The French had shown themselves most in genious in producing a new wool of un usually silky texture, and so valuable had the jury thought the improvement that they awarded the Council medal to the exhibitor of the novelty. The cli mate of England was unfavourable to thbe fine descriptions of wools, and conse quently we draw on Australia, Tasmania, and the Cape, for the greater part of our supply. The fact was that our im mense population made it necessary that the English farmer should direct his attention, principally to mutton -not wool. Tna rules and regulations of the Commissioners of national education in Victoria have been printed by order of the Legislative Council. The schools aided are elementary schools, and a limited number of schools of industry.; and the religious instruction given in each school is to be such as shall be directed and approved by the patrons and the parents and also guardians of the youth educated. Regu lations are laid down, under which sala ries are given to teachers, class books furnished, and gratuities awarded. The public, of all religious denominations, haie the right of free admission to the national schoolrooms, in. order to observe the system of teaching pursued, but are not to interrupt the studies of the school. The local patrons or appointed visitors of each school are the parties to whom to apply for information. THE Bathurst Free Press and -the Goulburn Herald contain sundry myste rious paragraphs about certain unknown diggings, at which nameless individuals are doing exceedingly well.. The mys tery will soon be disclosed if there reallyi. be anything in it. TRE influenza would appear to be making an extensive tour. From the Sandwich Islands we are informed that I Honolulu had suffered very severely from the -prevalence of an epidemic , 'This scourge, at the Sandwich Islands, was a sort of fever, like that which prevails at Panama during certain seasons of the year, but somewhat milder in its charac ter It attacked all natives of Eur.pe or the United States without exception, and although never fatal, had the effect f6r a time, of producing a complete physical prostration, and rendering them totally unable to attend to business of any kind. The fever had pretty well worn itself out, but at one time its cffects were such as to give Honolulu an almost deserted appearance. Not only were most places of ordinary business shout up, but even the Treasury, the Police Court, the Cus tom House, &c.;, were closed from the in ability of the public officers to attend to their duties. - THE GOLD MINING MIANIA.-- t ap pears, from the returns of the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies, that no fewer than fourteen gold mining companies were registered during 1851, up to I e cember 31. Their titles were: nglo Californian Gold Mining Company, Augua Fria Gold Mining Company, 'ustralian Gold Mining Company, Quartz Rock Mariposa Mining Company, Golden Mountain of iMariposa Mining Company of California, Australian Gold Amalga mation Company, Bathurst (old Mining Ctmpany of Australia, East Mariposa Gold Quartz Mining Company, Royal Gold Mining Company of Australia, Ophir Gold Mining Company of Austra lia. Ave Maria Gold Quartz Mining Company, Australasian Gold MIining Company, Royal Australian Gold Re fining and Mining Company, and Lon don and Californian Gold Quartz Crush ing Company The return does not em brace the gold mining companies pro jected since December last. The Sydney Morning Herald recently contained the following advertisement: -"1 Wanted, a man ACCUSTOMED to Salt Beef." We suppose that President Louis Napoleon will answer this, as he was ACCUSTOMED to HAM for several years. Mr. Hudson, of Little Malop-street, hav- ing had two horses stolen from his stables, started off on the Melbourne road, on Sunday morning, in the hope of tracing them. The road being moist, from rain, he came upon foot-marks, near the Little River, which, from certain peculiarities, he knew to have been made by his miss- ing horses. He came in view of them at the Ex River, and having procured as- sistance, captured the thieves, and re- covered the horses at the Salt Water River. The horse-stealers, Robert Sanders, who had been in Mr. Hudson's service, and a man named Smith, were brought before Mr Borrow, at the Dis- trict Court, and committed. The magis trate complimented Mr. Hudson on the activity he had displayed. TOM MIOORE : HIS 1MONUMENT AND nIs MEMtoIi.-The Irish subscription towards the monument amounts to £1,100. The London committee 'are still procuring subscriptions. Lord John Russell is, in accordance with the poet's will, to edit the manuscript memoir which he has left of his own life. Tlessrs. Longman have agreed to pay Mrs. Moore £3,000 for the copyright, and the first volume was expected to be out in October. A Van Demonian paper complains, that by our Convicts Prevention Act, men, who are by law as free-as political ly and socially free in Victoria, as Lieu tenant-Governor La Trobe himself, may be arrested day or night, without warrant \- they may be detained an interminable period in gaol, on bare suspicion, without the benefit of the Habeas Corpus Act. They are before trial to be accounted as actually guilty though only "suspected." They are made liable to incur, upon mere summary jurisdiction of Common Justices, a penalty so severe, that the most degraded and in incorrigible felon in the lowest crime gang in Norfo k Islatd, the fabled Ocean Hell of the world, could no; by law incur, without the full privilege of the solemn trial and righteous award of a sull jury: to hunt out of their province, men so free and so privileged by law and so authorized by the Crown, an incomparably more fearful embargo is imposed upon captains and owners of ships, than ever was contem plated by even the most restrictive Navi gation Laws. FLEECING A .PUBLICAN.- Some days ago a fellow named William Clive, called at the Royal Oak, Swanston-street, and represented to the landlord that he had 205 ozs of gold coming down to him from Ballarat, and consigned to Messrs Dalgety and Co. On the strength of this representation, he succeeded in vic- timising the publican to the tune of £26; in satisfaction for which he gave him an order to receive the gold, but an application to Mr Dalgety soon convinced him that the gold existed only in Clive's imagination. The latter was then given in charge, and on being brought before the Magistrates on Saturday, was cautioned and discharged. The Times is doing Victoria good ser vice. It is ringing in the ears of the Eng lish publio that, while we are rolling in gold, we are all but starving fromn want of food, and thd general necessaries of life; and while it enumerates the high rates of every thing, from house-rent to clothes .and- shoes, it startled English workmen by telling them of the high rates of wages for every description of labour. It needs no ghost to toll us :what will be the result. At a London vestry meeting, there were vestrymen sadly afraid that their parish would he turned into " the high road to Austra lia." This phrase, says the Times, has become a cant one, and'so let it be.. We should be glad if it were roared out in a voice of thunder-or, which is the same thing, ]y their parish beadle through out every union of the kingdom, that Australia is " the poor man's 'settle ment.' ". In former days the efforts of the guardians ued to be to " pass the paupers on to their own parish;" why now insist upon retaining them contrary to their expressed wishes and the obvious interests of all parties ? Si'ckness is going the round of the Australian colonies. In Sydney.-it is stated that recently a great deal of sick- ness prevailed, children being the chief sufferers. The very great variations in the temperature are producing influenza, catarrh, and all their concomitant evils. They have had several broiling days; but the nights continued very cold. Something is really coming down from the Ovens. The Herald of Tuesday says that a Government escort arrived yester- day from these mines, bringing down 2453 ounces of gold. The Private Es- cort had only received 500 ounces up to the time the Government Escort left. It is clear from this that these fields have been considerably overrated; although it is not denied that a large quantity of gold remains on the ground in custody of the miners, who intend sending it on to Sydney, for fear the Duty Bill should come down upon them in Melbourne. The old sailor's adage, about food being furnished from one quarter, and cooks from another, received an illustration in Melbourne, in a case heard on Monday, before the Police Bench. It is stated that John Morrell summoned Richard Burgess. master of the Thomas Lord, from Van Diemen's Land, for non-pay ment of wages, amounting to 10l. - The statements of the plaintiff and defendant were so conflicting, that the magistrates determined upon exercising the power vested in them, but which is never ex- ercised but in extreme cases, of placing the defendant on his oath. He stated that Morrell had shipped as cook and steward at the rate of 101. per month, representing that he was fully qualified to discharge the duties, having been for a considerable time at sea in those capa- cities. It turned out, however, that he had never been ta sea before in his life, and knew as little of cooking as he did of astronomy, neither the master nor men being able to eat any of the delicate pro- ductions which he prepared for them. As an instance of his unfitness, a lot of pump tacks and the tail of an old shirt were found in the centre of a pudding which he had prepared for the cuddy table Under these circumstances the Bench mulcted the complainant 2l. 10s. 