. BRITISH EXTRACTS. ANOTHER, AND ANOTHER, AND ANOTHER! X.Prom tht London Examiner, December 6, 1351.) At last there is a revolution satisfactory, If not to the generality, yet to a consider able ' part of the English aristocracy. Strango to say, Liberals are chuckling at the overthrow of a representative body, and ?- the immediate prospect of a military des ! potism. Tories nre rejoicing at the guilty j triumph of a Bonaparte, and forgive, in con ! aidoration of the violation of a constitution, i the recourse to universal suffrage, and the j 'lip homage of the sovereignty of the people. The inconsistencies of the satisfaction willi i the- present revolution are of a complication ; difficult to follow, and only to be explained ' by ill-will to the republic, the gratification i ' of which countervails all considerations of I pr'nciple and policy. The termination of ? revolution in military despotism is doubt less thought a warning example of vast virtue, but it seems to be overlooked that i tha lesson may be had at too dear a price I in future troubles and dangers. If France ; bs brought under a military government, ! England will have to look to her shores, j and we shall have to go through a repeti— ! tion of the first fiftean years of the century, ! with the enormous cost of defences. In; j tho. republic wo had King Log for our: ' neighbour, we cannot sea any reason to ; . ©suit at the change to King Stork. What-. '? «ver may be said against the faults of the; ? overthrown republic, it cannot be denied 1 that tho 6bort period of its existence was ; \- ono of a degree of amity between the two nations before unknown. The establish-; ; Hisnt of a military despotism would banish, i this new concord, for thesword of France : turns its point to England as naturally as ;?. the riecdle to the pole. Tho liberty of; ; Franca is one of tho best guarantees for; : tha peace of England. For our own in- ? j j t«restfl, then, we deploro an «vent which ! throws back France. h»lf a century, and; ' puts her again through some of the worsti passages of her unhappy history, Proud hon tays that the French rerolution has : Motyet commenced, and that all we havn s»en is but the ripple of the coming de luce; certainly it would seem that the French revolution is without an end. It is - the torment of Ixipn -on the. wheelr 'Polvitur,-et ss aequiturque,fu,gUque. Between sun aud sun, M. Bonaparte, like ? a4 thief in the night, stole' tho liberties o/.the nation— V,a cutpurae of the einpire ? and '.the rule.' -He,was bound hy bath to ?'-;?- /ofeserva.the constitution he- violated, and, ;by- an act- of pBrjiiryand treason, he has . ? posiessed'himseif of supreme power. He proposes, a. return to. the imperial regime, and pretends , to appeal to the people to ratify or to negative his scheme. He calls his appeal ' loyal,' its .author giving such signal earnest of loyalty in the breach of the law to which he was.bdiind by bath, or, we should- mor« properly express it, to 'which he was unbound by bathl ,-, He jus titles his ; treason by -alleging the. plots^of the Assembly, destroyed by his own plot, tho extentive combinations of which show it to have been deep laid and. preconcerted —no counter-move of the moment against n discovered conspiracy, but an elaborate plan of treason, matured and 'ripened' through the seduction' arid corruption of . th« military chiefs. ? ? . ' The pretence of the plotB of the Assem bly, is the old-story of the wolf who found ????'???? it' ithpoB8ible; to live in peace by reason of the perpetual iaggressipn of the lamb. No doubt the factions iti the: Asseniibly were ever intriguing, and concerting to harass, thwart, and mortify ; but more they could . not do, more they had.not the means to do; .they had no force at their disposal to seize , the person of the President, and a large majority hatl negatived the proposal to placa an army at their disposal. They could do nothing but by process of .law: They could not illegally arrest persons ob noaious to them in the dead of night, ond (ling them into gaol upon the warrantsic volo sicjubeo. M. Bonaparte's pretence of apprehensions, of violence from this body' ?wanting any prganisation'for violence, is a ? travestie of Cromwell's 'Sir Harry Vane, . ? Sir HarH Vane! the Lord deliver me from J^.SirHftrry Vane.' \ , : . s' *t But M. Bonaparte is to set all right by appealing to the only, sovereign he recog nises in France— the people, and promises to abdicate the power he has illegally -seized. if the judgment be adverse. Is his promise better than his oath? He swore to respect the constitution, and see w'hat he hiis done with it. He .will, be as much bound- by the iudgmeht of the people as he was bound by the obligation of an oath. But what an ijnpudent mockery is an appeal to the people, with the press suppressed, the pub lic voice gagged, and the diiTi!rent leaders ' of the people in prison — orders given throughout the country to suppress ad ' verse newspapers, to remove adverse func tionaries, and imprison adverse individuals ! And what are the people asked freely to do? to ratify the revival of the imperial despotism in a chief nominally for ten ? years,'a ministry dependent on the 'execu tive, that is wholly irresponsible aa regards the people, a Council of Slate! and Senate the creatures of the; President, and a mock legislative body, which .could do noth'rig but niake laws according to executive or der. If the people say yes to this, M. Bo naparte steps ?'' into* the inheritance of his ?uncle's despotism. If no, he treats them . . as he has treated: the Assembly,1 sets Ihis . soldiery on them, and declares them null. It is to be' distinctly understood (hat M. Donaparte , does not leave to the nation; the choice of its government. \ A yery gene ral error prevails on this head, and we Bee the intelligent correspondent of the Daily Jfems sharing in it, and strengthening it, in the statement that the decision between. M. Bonaparte and the National Assembly' is left to the people. So it would hnve been, if M. Bonaparte had called upon the nation to elect representatives to revise or remodel the Constitution, or to continue it as framed. The decision would have baen left to /tho nation if it had been afforded the opportunity of declaring in favour of the ousted Assembly by returning the. same members, or of electing a constituent As sembly to tike into consideration tho ques tion of a Buitnble fovm of Government. But this is not what is proposed, nor any thing like what is proposed. M. Bona parte in effect says,, choose me and my go vernment, borrowed from my uncle, a family article, or. refuse me, and my part is played. The choice is limited to the mock Consti tution and the man, yes or no; and what would follow the no the most simple may divine. M. Bonaparte would not retire, but would deal with the people as he has dealt with their representatives. If they give him their votes' he will bo, glad of them, if they refuse he will do without them, and count bullets against their suf frages. And the cry in the streets of Pavis on his appearance is, Vivo, la Republique ! Vive ' la Republique ! . . .The republic is strangled1 and dead. ? TvT. Bonaparte' invites, it to reappear, as Macbeth held forth on his hospitable expectation of seeing Ban quo; and the mere ghost of it, if the ghost could surmount all that has been done to lay it, would astound him-about as much. Tlie usurpation is the government of the sword. M, Bpnnparte' tells the soldiery they aro the elite of the nation, and inti mates that as his revolution is made by them, it is made for them. They fill the part in this- revolution which was assigned' to the workpeople in: that of M8. The barrack succeeds to Louis Blanc's work shop. And the voting for the constitution is to begin with the soldiers, to be told off by rank and filo, and their, votes are not to be taken by ballot'.' ' Indeed it is an allsig nificant fact that open voting ia to be the rule on this occasion. This withdrawal of tho only guarantee for a frae voto was surely sheer superero gation in the case of .the military under the corrupt influence, for .it -was sufficiently certain that the soldiery would obey the word of command; and give1 their suffrages to the man who promises to pamper them, as readily as they would give their bullets and the point of, 'the. bayonet to any who resist his despotic behests. But this mili tary election ??previous to the popular elec tion has a very plain significance. It is' to toll the pfiople beforehand with whom they will have to settle if they presume to resist M. Bonaparte's will. -It is counting de voted bayonets before heads for the palpa ble purpose of intimidation. ' Here are my myrmidons with me,' says M. Bona parte'in effect, '? to enable me to take what I ask if you dare to refuse ' The Assembly has fallen unpitied, unre spected, and we should be the last to deny its faults, which .ws have often condemned, but which, if as great as exaggeration could make them, and-very much are they exaggerated, would not justify the destruc tion of the institution as brought about. The French ;nation might justly feel dis pleasure and disgust at the factious con duct of its representatives, butits indiffer ence to. the destruction ' of the institution is indifference to. a. victory , over itself, and the extinction of its rights, v . ' ' The great fault of the Assembly, for which it now, suffers; was the restriction of the suffrage;, disfranchising nearly, three millions of. people... M. -Bonaparte, who was a. party to that most unconstitutional and impolitic measure, now takes advan tage of his own wrong, and attacks the Assembly in the weak place he had helped to make in its constitution. Had it rested on the basis of universal suffrage it Jievei could have been overthrown as it hasbeen ; the attempt would not have been dared, or if made, the vindication would have- been prompt and all-powerful, supported by the general people. . As it is, M. Bonaparte has had the advantage of a. deceit in the appeal to universal' Buffrage against the suppressed Assembly. . The nature and ?limitation of 'the suffrage he was invoking ! did not appear at first glance, and doubt ;les3 for the moment enlisted some senti ment oti his side' under a' false impression : that' he. -was the liberator of the franchise ; whereas, in fact he narrows and shapes the scope of the suffrage ? to his own selfish, 'purpose, and merely 'concedes it for the monce to raise him to a despotism resting as pedestal on a sham constitutional sys tem, the nullity of which was proved half a century ago — the Chambers' having had as .much independence as the guard room^ ^and having ultimately given the 'imperial crown by word of command. But the counterfeit proposal probably obtained cur rency for the instant; and we know that on this side the water many were deceived by it who now on. closer scrutiny- detect the imposture. The first act of the drama may be con sidered, even now, as over. M. Bona parte — r\ve cannot giye him the title of President, for he is . President no longer, having forfeited any legal title of authority, for the moment, succeeds, and we do not expect that any effectual resistance to his usurpation* will be niade. at .present. - The second act commences with ? the -elections, ;and ends with the discovery of the value of the suffrage to chbose' a tyranny, or. with the alternative of having the tyranny im posed hongre mal //re. .'. That situation will ? show of what .France is made.-. We have seen how slight, how frail'is the tenure of liberty in.- ? France, ' we! shall soon see whether the'tenurb of tyraany is stronger. ! ' But such is the, malignity of this crime that the defeat of it involves baneful conse quences, and an after mischief of formida ble magnitude. The Eed^party is now, with the Banction of legality, the foremost and raost resolute in the resistance to M. Bonaparte's- usurpation, and his overthrow will ncressai-y place thnt dangerous party on a vantage ground it has never yet occu pied. It will be the casting out the devil through Beelzebub ; and such is the propa gation of the curses of the revolution, that the very cure of evils entails evils, and that in combating and expelling despotism there is tho danger of opening the field to anar chy. 