PROGRESS OF EDUCATION. When the ' gold' fever set in amongst us, and was daily carrying off hundreds from our towns and villages, and from the several industrial pursuits of ordinary life, to delve into the bowels of ' Mother Earth' in search of hidden treasures, the friends of education then began, and bad good reason, to fear that a most injurious check would be placed in the way of training up our youth in the paths in which they should walk. Several of the teachers themselves were bitten with this ' Auro- phobia,' and threw aside the pen to take up the pick, and scamper off to the ' diggings' after the parents of the scholars, as well as some of their pupils. Very few, however, of our runaway ' quill-drivers' have succeeded in finding the ' golden. eggs' — they were far more successful while employed in casting up ac counts than when engaged in the unplea sant and irksome work of turning up the s'uggish earth and rolling over repu'sive driftand rough stones. All this upheaving of the social order did' for a time produce an' unfavourable effect on the important work of education. And for a time, it was nearly as difficult to keep the schools together as it was to keep masters to superintend them. Another drawback on the school atten dance arose from the great scaroity of labor for all the usual occupations ia life, winch ? drew off many of the grown children from schools to supply the place of their parents or of more grown up persons ia domestic*. ? * mechanical, or agricultural pursuits. And to add to all this scholastic revulsion jthoa 'came the influenza, which for a time committed great havock on our schools. But notwithstanding all these drawbacks during the last year — the really annus mi rabiHs, we are happy to hear that on the : whoJe, the Catholic schools of the colony, with which we are of course best acquainted, have been well attended, and .that the num . ber of scholars has been greater than on any former year, especially in Sydney and in the other large towns of the colony. It is true that there has been a falling off in a few of the pcho'ols in the thinly peopled rural dis tricts, which is not much to be wondered at. As. to the haWyearly examinations which took place before the Christmas holidays. wo have heard from those who attended this . useful exercise in the Sydney schools, that ? the general answering of the children was creditable, and proved that the several teachers were botii competent and efficient in the discharge of one of the most im . portant duties of life, that of training up the .rising generation in such knowledge as will be conducive to their temporal happ:nes5, bub above all things in ' that' which shall teach them to know and fear God. It must be then gratifying to the Christian parent and philanthropist to find the great work of /education, — we meau of course education grounded on ?' religious teaching,' thus favourably progressing. State educa tion — sometimes called 'National' educa tion has no favour in our sight. Having on several former occasions expressed mar opinions very honestly in opposition to' tilts latent agent of infidel teaching, lurking iu National Schools, we shall conc'ude these remarks with an 'extract from an able .'.. ' letter' in the July number of the Rambler, contrasting the.' ideas' of Statesmen and of the Catholic^. Church on the 'paramount, question r.of-{! Education' : — 'Catholic-education has for its one and sole aim the training of the smil for its citisenship in the eternal kingdom of G-orl ; State education, the drenching of the mind with a !di versified knowledge of facts and sciences. , ' ? ? 'Catholic ...education, aims . at. directing even ? secular knowledge with a view to the needs and requirements of a future' .position in secular life ; State education is. satisfied that its knowledge should he aimless, provided only it is prodigious in extent and variety., , 'The Catholic idea of education presupposes a stnte of moral and intellectual disorder, the fruit of original sin, and consequently takes correction and remflv into its system of training. In other words, to effect its purpose, it must combine guardianship as well moral as intellectual with its tuition. State education, ignoring the doctrine of ' original sin,' appears 'to pre-suppose :in original perfectibility, which excludes the notion of correction and remedy being required ; thus State education is tuition without guardianship. 'Catholic education presupposing a inor.il .guardianship and an intellectual tuiiiuu, requires these to act in concert with the sacraments of the ' Church, with divine worship, prayer, 'and in depen dence upon the gilts of the Holy Ghost. State education does not aspire that its tuition should be any thing more than human. ? » And .lastly, Catholic education, considering that man, is gifted \y it h love, affections, and sensibilities, as well as with the capacity to acquire knowledge, and contemplating in the work of education all that is required for it, as also the issue involved in it, cries out with Solomon : 'illy son, give me' thine heart; let thine ears receive my words, and thou shalt live.' State education, on the contrary, ?'thinks it all-sutlicient to say, ':My son, give me .:. ,i. thine head. Son,' exclaims State education. ' give '? me thy head, and thon shalt be brought to know the difference between the cetaceous and tht^saurian tribes ! Son, give me thy head, and thou shalt learn nh'ch trees are deciduous and which are not ! Son, let thy head receive my words, urn! thou shalt l;e put in possession of the true theory of granite !' ' Indeed by the time State education can be said t ) have done its work, it will have made the head , — 0 wondoiful and imposing result ! — into a very magazine of facts and sciences, if, in leed, it be not nearer the truth to say a cuiuosi'iY-jnoi' ! An interesting account of the Eaamina i:ous at St. diary's Seminary and' of St. ary's College, Lyudhurst, will be found ? ..i:j another column. 