EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES, [From the Sherborne Mercury and Teoml Times, of March 2nd.l A pamphlet has recently been published by the Rev. James Spurrell, A.M., vicar of Great Sheffrid, Cambridgeshire, containing an exposure of Miss Sellon. and her establishment, the ' Sistersof Mercv.' at Plymouth. The facts are stated by Mr. Spurrell, on the authority of a young lady, formerly one of Miss Sellon's sisterhood, who has seceded — and the reverend gentleman, after a careful examination, to gether with a perusal of divers letters, and other do cuments, has no doubt of the entire truth of her statement. It appears that whilst we are pro testing against the grant to Maynooth, the people of this diocese have subscribed their money for the es tablishment of a nunnery at their own doors, where the most degrading superstitions are taught, and the most unsocial practices of Romanism are inculcated, and where, under the pretence of training up the young in the practice of a devoted and holy life, the intellect is enchained and the soul is enslaved by the most abject superstitions, and the most de grading slavery. The pamphlet also exposes the Jesuitical character of Miss Sellon, ' the mother superior.'. Take one instance — the young lady, prior to joining Miss Sellon, had written to her ex pressing her wish to see her, but intimating that she believed her own mother was opposed to the inter view, on which Miss Sellon replies : — ' I do not think it would be at all wrong for you to see me without your mother's knowledge, unless she had absolutely forbidden you : and I do not think it needful to ask.' The young lady, at length has made up her mind to become one of the sisterhood, on which. she is written to by the second in com mand, at the Establishment of the Sisters, at Eldad — Sister Catherine, who expresses her happiness at the news that the noviciate was going to lead an angel's life on earth. ' Mother bids me to tell you to come any day which will suit you, but she would like you very much to be here before the 5th of next month, when the Bishop is coming to lay the first stone of our new building.' The young lady joins, and on the 3rd Mr. Spurrell gives the following account of the commencement of her noviciate. It must be premised that she had previously visited somenunnery on the continent, and had a great wish at one time to become a nun herself : — 'On the evening of the day of Miss 's introduction into ' The Orphans Home,' she was conducted to the Oratory at the Canonical hour of Compline, when the flowers, the picture', the lights, the low desks, and the dark kneeling figures of the Nan.- like Sisters, and the solemn benediction of each Sister by the Superior at the conclusion of the service, and the signing them with the sign of the cross, made a deep impression on her feelings, and greatly sur prised her, not at all expecting to witness anything of the kind where she tAen was.' . . ,- : ' ' She soon found that this Protestant! sisterhood was a regularly organized convent. It is styled 'The Order of the Holy Communion,' and is sub divided into the 'Order of the Sacred Heart.' ' The Order of the Holy^Ghost,' and a third Order, the name of which was unknown to the young lady, but the sisters of which were usually ealled 'The Black Sisters.' - ' . Each Order has a distinct badge. All, upon first coming into the Institution, are called ' Novices ;' and, when any, seem to the Mother Superior to show a decided vocation for ' The Religious Life,' she receives them into the Community privately; gives, them the designation of ' Children ;' and 'attaches them to one of the three Orders,, by investing them with the badge of the Order which, henceforth, is worn secretly under the dress ; and each looks forward, at a future time to be admitted a *' Sister ' of the Order whose badgeshe wears. ....... . ! All are trained in the most abject slaveryy as shown by what is called the great rule of the Society, that of Holy Obedience, which begins as follows :— ' Ye whb'have offered up to God your judgment and your will, must strive to preserve and grow in i the submission ' ye have professed.'........^' Ye shall ever* address the Spiritual Mother with honour and respect j avoid speaking of her among yourselves ; cherish and obey her with holy love, without any murmur or sign of hesitation or repugnance, but simply, cordially, and promptly obey with cheerful ness, and banish from your mind any question as to tlue wisdom of the command given you ! If ye; fail in this, ye have failed to resist the temptation of the Evil One. Ye shall never discuss with any one (except by express direction of the Spiritual Mother) either within the Society, or without it, the Rules of the Order, or the Commands of theSuperior ? and ye shall make it a subject of immediate confes sion to your Superior, if they have unhappily been betrayed into this error; and ye shall receive a penance; but no word of admonition or reproof for the same.. ? Ye shall learn through daily and constant observation and practice, that through the exercise of lowly and entire confidence^ ye will : re ceive the gift of the Holy Ghost... ......If any Sister fail in obedience, or resist with contumacy and re bellion, she shall be punished at discretion. ? ..IBe ye well persuadedri and on negligence or exactitude in obedience depends the preservation of discipline, the purity of the Society, fend the progress of' each soul in the way of life.' Each of the house's of the . Sisterhood contains an oratory, with an altar, where the Sacrament is ad ministered j once it .was administered on. Christmas eve, at midnight. ( 'The Canonical Hours,' are the same as those in the Roman Catholic Church, viz., Matins, Lauds, Primes Terse, Sext, Nones, Vespers, ?arid Compline, :the'* Services being somewhat modified, were said daily in the Oratory by all whose work-did not prevent their attendance. Romish doctrines and practices were inculcated without disguise. Services taken from the Popish missal, were used on days for which the Church of England have appointed none, for instance, the ' Commemoration of the Cross,' and the ' Commemoration of St. Mary.' / In the former service is a direction that every one shall sign herself with the sign of the cross, from the forehead to the breast. Prayers for the dead, and an -absolution for the dead, is also used. Among the collects is the following: — - Pbayer for two Bishops— Plymouth and Exeter? — ' We beseech this mercy also (referring to what had gone before), ' for all those in whom we are interested, especially for this Society, the right Kev. the Bishop, our reverend Mother, the three Orders of this Society, the Mother As sistants, our right Kev. Bishop Henry of Exeter, the in dividual members of this Society, living or departed, bur Foundress. Extend this Society, O Lord, into all places and ages.' . A religiou3 Service called a 'Chapter' is held in the Oratory when the Lady Superior pleases, at which, after that portion of the Scripture has been read where the 'washing of the disciples' feet by our Lord is recorded, she, in imitation, it is presumed, of his great humility, washes the feet of all the Sisters. What an awful , mockery ! On this occasion likewise the Sisters all confess to the Mother ! There is a Service also in the Oratory upon Vie Admission of every Siiter; at which Service, a Clergyman of the Church of England officiates in his surplice. The Rev. Incumbent of one of the new Districts at Plymouth, and another Rev. Gentleman his Assistant, so officiated whilst Miss — ? resided at Plymouth. And when some of the other Sisters were admitted, a certain Rev. Doctor (Pusey) whose name is closely associated with a party in ine i/nurcn, penormea tne ceremony. \- Penance Enjoined on Confession. — There is a service on the admission of sisters very similar to that on the ad miss'on of a nun in a Romish Convent, the Priest being re presented by a Protestant! ! clergyman of Eldad; we beg his pardon, by a Tractarian receiving Protestant pay, whilst sapi ling the Protestant Church. Confession is also practised after the Romish fashion. The young lady who has disclosed the secrets of the prison house, states that she knelt to her Confessor, who was seated in a chair — that she told him all her sins, and humbly asked for penance and absolution from her Spiritual Father. Her Confessor gene rally then asked, if that was all she remembered; and, having made a few remarks on the Confession ordirvirily gave a3 a penance the repeating of one of the seven pene tential Psalms on Friday ! but, oa one occasion, this penance was varied into the making the sign of the cross with the tongue on tfcfloo ? of the Oratory ! ! All the Sisters, unless otherwise hindered, receive the Communion in tne Church ever)' morning at 7 o'clock ; and likewi&e; attended Public Prayers morning and evening. The Mother frequently had the Communio i administered to her in her own room, where was also a Communion Table covered with, embroidered linen. A Sister, one monrng, not feeling in perfect charity with the Mother, requested permission to absent herself from the comnmnion, which was refused ; and because she w.puld not go, she was degraded, her Sister's dress taken from her, and she was made to rank as the youngest Novice. For ni-.e montlis she was put under severe discipline, that her mind might be put into proper subjection to the principle of Holy Obedience !' Rosaries are also used, and devotion to the Virgin Mary inculcated. One of the Sisters always wore a Rosary, and had devotions to the Virgin Mary ; and she 'stated, that the Rev. Mr. — ? , her first Spiritual Guide, en joined devotions to Mary for some minds and had given special ones to her Sister. We have not space for further details, nor to ntention the Jesuitism of Bliss SeUoa at Bristol. 