LAW AND POLICE COURTS. LOCAL COURT, ADELAIDE. LIMITED JOMBblCTION, CbtMINAL: ' ' Tuesday, 7th /September. [Before H. R. Wigley, Esq.J George Cumley, of Westbterrace, farmer, was charged with having, on. the 1st inst., unlawfully impounded five Cows, the property of John Booden, of South- terrace, cow keeper, and charged 2s. 6d. per head for damages, being more than the Act allows. ••• . Mr. Walker appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Smith for the defence. : Mr. Beading, keeper of the pity Pound, produced his', book, and proved'the impounding. The alleged damage wasjdone to a fence and two stacks. Several witnesseswere called to show that the defendT i ant's fence was in a bad state, but, as one- of them proved that, the ,liay eaten and wasted was worth more than the amount of'damage charged, His Worship dismissed the information. James Crossuiell, wood-cutter, was charged on the infor mation of Edward Pearce, New .Tiers, farmer, with neglect ing to make the weekly payments tof'5s: ordered by the Court on the 11th February, 1851, for the support of his bhiljdi . . The amount claimed as being due was £12 10s. The defendant admitted that £9 wais owing, ; Jemima Peafce, daughter of the complainant, and mother of the child, a very good-looldng young woman, deposed . that she had received no "money froin1 the defendant since i the 13th October.'" * : J j The case was adjourued for a week, that the complainant i might attend "with further evidence. . .- Stealing ergm: the PERSoN.^On ' Saturday, Maria Langwaseommitted hy Mr. Nicholls to the Supreme Court for picking the poeket.of Henry Neyle, p'digger, just returned froni Echuuga, of £2,10 s. lh mohey, two handkerchiefs, aiidfourstieks oftobacco. "The robbery was committed in an empty hpusein King WiUiam-street,* formerly known as HuhPsXabour- Office.1 The money was found concealed therethe ha .dkerchiefs and tobacco were on the prisopei^s person.—Alarger '"haul" was made ;oh Friday by two mien, who contrived, at' Hiiidmarsh, to ease' Mr. John Chanter of .a ,pnrse containing £100. - The: Robbery .from Mr...Chanter.—-John We thereli and Thomas Wetherell were charged on Monday; with stealing 'Mr.. Chanter's parse,.-containing,-.. as to, have mentioned above, about £lfiO' in " notes, besides an Eseort receipt and a bohded receipt. The evidence was.not suffi cient to justify their detention, aud they were accordingly discharged:: - f r i : The Robbery at the Hospital.—John Carter Roan,, the. person whose apprehension we jnentioned on Saturday, was .brought that hfornhig befbre' Mt. Nieholls, !who'sat for Mr. .Wjgley,' the dattei* being' uilrrell. The prosecutor,, Edmdiid iShy, identified & writifig desk, .value £8, a silver'watch, vidueXj2, apd a Hnld rfftgj iwhich bad contained, an onyx, value £3, as having , bbSh stolen "frOtof his bed-side on the night . the prisoner Iteft the Hospital1 ] (30th July). The manner in which fioto wa&apprfehended; is rather singular, lie sold the. watch and'ring tp Mrs. Guyaft, nF Xrrenfen-Str^t," in the middle of Airghst,'JFor -£5. Last Thursday night her husband's• pocket jvas; picked of the watch', tod suspicion! fell hpon the ^prisoner. Hewas taken by the Police with the watch iri his possession, tod: it proved on eto'mination to he the same .which had been stoleii from the Hospital.; 'Further enquiry shon^ed that the prisoner was the person whb was suspeeted'of the former: theft ; so that at prese.it he stands charged' with; stealing the same watch, twice over. The wiitirig; desk was fdrind Inside the Hospital fence just after Jie.'waS , taken; r A man was seen by one'of the patients, retreating from; the - spot, but "he would not he able to identify 'him.' The prisoner was committed for trialto the Supreme Court; : ' "J The GtJhost of a Cheque.—rrOn Monday-: a "chieque for £3 lQs.,;;drawn- on .the. Hank pf South Australia by Mr. Charles-George Eastland'Platts, was presented for pay ment by a. person, calling; himself Donald Campbell. The smallness of the amount might .htfye Attested notice, hot a more remarkable feet was that the-, docnment bore date 1st. Jnne,1842. . - circumstance that" the : cheque, which was undoubtedly guanine, had been afretoy presented and paid ten .years before, in proof of which ithOfe^toe.prdinaiy mark of Can cellation. The "Bearer" was* detained, audi shortly, made his bow to tbg Magistrate, in answer to whose en quiries he was only able-toi say'jthatthe .sold some Gold a : month or so ago, and "in.: payment. Hcwas i^toded til^j3^^t morning. The ,cheque,of " his banking book, according fe> the London custom, which {•revailed ten years ago in Adelaide. : It mus£ have been ost or stolen, and had evidently fallen into the hands; pf some adept who, in the -true spirit of ancient romance, is willing to raise the ghosts of the dead, and make them play their parts a second time upon the stage of life. Money Orders.—Duncan Campbell, the manwho is mentioned above as having presented at jthe Bank1 of South Australia a cheque which had been already paid, was j ■discharged by Mr. Wigley; His Worship expressing his : opinion that now so many money orders of all sorts and j sizes are flying about, it is not at all unlikely that an ig- j norant man might have taken an old cancelled cheqne for 1 one of them. " ; ' • j Furious Riding and Driving. —^ Three mad Jehus were fined £2 each, at the Police Office Monday. The penalty appears too small to check the practice, which is too dangerous to be tolerated in a populous town. An other erratic horseman was taken into custody yesterday. Wilful Damage.—The girl, Eliza Reid, whose wahtoh'breaking of her late landlady, Mrs. McGrhies's,' win dows, we mentipned last week, was ordered by Mr. Wigley nn Monday, to pay 9s. damages, and £1 costs. The Hindley-street- Burglary.—White and Lewis, with their wives, were on Monday committed for trial. The latter was allowed hail, himself in £100 and two sure ties in £50 each. The women were granted a similar in dulgence, the bonds being for-half the amounts. The Charge against Mr. Silver.—Sergeant' Haynes, of the Police, was on Tuesday fined £2 for having ] brought a charge without due grounds against Mr. Bichard Silver, to whom the amouut was handed over. The par - ticulars of. the charge have already appeared. - A: Sleeping • Constable.—On Monday night Police-Constable James Milliard was found drunk and sleeping on his post in Morphett-street. He was brought before the Magistrate Tuesday, and fined £2. Singular Charge of Robbery.—At the Police Court Wednesday, John Driscoll was charged with stealing £8 7s. in notes .and silver from the person of William Neale, a farmer, living on the Light. According to the statement of the latter, they met the previous evening at the City Bridge Hotel, Hindley-street, and Neale getting into, a ; scuffle with soine persons there, handed over his pocket book to Driscoll, whom he had known for four or five years. The latter returned it when the quarrel was over, and soon went away; but Neale examining it afterwards, missed ab nit £60,; chiefly in £5 notes of the Union Bank. Next morning he went to Driseoll's house in Currie-street, and : begged .him to return the money. He denied any know- , ledge of it, but offered him £10 as a loan. Neale, Willing to J get what he could, received A "purse from him «n those i terms, containing £8 7s., and went away. Driscoll then followed him into Hindley-street, and attempted to take back the money from his pocket, which Neale at first pre vented his doing; hut he mads a second attempt, and suc ceeded in abstracting the whole. Neale gave information to the Police, who immediately apprehended Driscoll, but found nothing on him. One of the strangest parts of this very strange story is, that Neale is a far m re powerful man than Driscoll, who, nevertheless, according to Ms ac count, took the money from Mm in the open street, -in the middle of the day, against Ms consent, and notwithstanding his opposition. He declares that he was not intoxicated either at night or in the morning, though he admits that on. each occasion he had taken " a few nobblers." The i Case stands over till to-morrow, for the production of some < farther evidence. Mr. Parker attended for the defence. Robbery of Gold Dust.—-On Monday evening' Mr. Cook. Spencer, of Aldinga Plains, was coming into town , with his wife, the latter carrying in the outside pocket of her side-saddle a packet containing 3 lbs. 7 oz. of washed Gold-dust, which they were taking to the Assay-Office. They stopped at the Horseshoe, and Mr. Spencer went into the inn, Mrs. Spencer remaining outside. 'She soon after wards missed the parcel of Gold-dust, and her suspicion fell upon a man who had come to the off-side of the horse,' placing one hand on the mane and the other on the saddle. Information was 'given next morning to Police-Constable. Lewin, who found the man and searched him, as well as some others who had been about the house at the-time. Finding nothing upon them, he let them go, but afterwards followed the. man, who was walking into town. He apprehended him four miles upon the road, and took him before Mr. Worthington, the Special Magistrate, at Mor phett Vale. The prosecutor and his wife were examined, and the prisoner, who calls himself John Knight, was brought into town Wednesday evening upon His Worship's warrant.. 