BELGIUM, The followiug is an extract of a letter dated Brussels, February 19, 1852: — A convention has been concluded between our government (the Belgian) and Russia, whereby the latter engages to furnish 100,000 men for the defence of our territory, in case it should be invaded, or seriously menaced by France. Should the Baltic be open these troops (including the Imperial Guards) are to be transported by a Russian fleet to Ant werp. Prussia promises no as&is;&nee; to a like extent. The object of the present mission of the Prince de Ligne ' to Berlin is to ar - range the modus operandi. Our own army numbers 90,000, of whom 70,000 would takejthe field, and the remainder occupy our fortresses. Industry. — Some philosophers have em ployed the distinctive appellations of produc tive and non-productive industry, to charac terize what they aonsider two distinct species of it. But it is a fallacious distinction. All industry is productive. The maid of all work, who is busy all day with making nothing that a statistical philosopher can enumerate in his list of manufactures or agricultural productions, is not, on that ac count, to be accounted a non- producer. She p-oduees domestic comfort, an invisible feel ing of pleasure, which we all understand and appreciate, but which we ean neither weigh nor measure. The carpenter can sho/v his work, and can carry it about, and measure it, and it ean be preserved as a memorial of bis skill for many generations ; but the mu sician's work dies as soon as it is performed, and no trace or vestige remains of the ex quisite tones with which he thrills the nerves of his delighted audience. Yet, we should not call the industry of the musician non productive ; it produces pleasure. And what is the end contemplated by any species of industry but pleasure ? The distinction of productive and non-productive industry, therefore, is fallacious ; but it has a meaning, a vulgar meaning. The producer is he who produces food and clothing, and exchange able necessaries of life ; the non-producer is he who does not. The reward of produc tive industry is both high and low; it is altogether arbitrary. Some poor authors — pamphleteers, for instance — make nothing at all. The Queen does not work harder than her own dress-maker, and many other women might be trained to do her work as well as she — few better. She is protected The curate, can do the bishop's work as well, perhaps, as the bishop; but the bishop is also protected : his pay is arbitrary — there is no standard of measurement. The reward is less arbitrary with the lawyer, for his merit is more or less discernible. 'Tis so, also, with the physician : they are both feed, and there is a generally-understco'l amount of remuneration, determined by public custom and professional celebrity. The artist, also, finds out how much he can pre sume to charge for his non-essentials, and he regulates his price as a statesman regulates the import and export duties ; but there is no standard for him, any more than for his other non-producing brethren. The player takes as much as he can, get, and so dees the orator. Bat the unfortunate legislator, so far from being paid for his services, most frequently pays extravagantly for his seat, and is lavishly abused by the 'opposite party so long as he retains it. Being an Honoura ble, he is paid, perhaps, in honour only, buying with money the privilege of being so rewarded. Guilt, though it may attain temporal splendour, can never confer real happiness. The evil consequences of our crimes long, survive their commission, and, like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. The paths of virtus, though seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. The Nestor of the Pauss — A person has lately died in Paris, whose history is indeed a curious one. This person is Mi Breton who was one of t lie principal reporters of the Moniteur and. Journal des Debats for more than 35 years. His occupation as a re poiter began, however, long before ISIS. M. Breton reported the legislative debates of all the assemblies of the first revolution, and was attached to the corp3 of short-hand writers so early as the 26 th August, 1790\. In the convention he had for colleagues with him in the reporters' gallery two yoang women, who, it ia believed, afterwards perished by the guilletine. He was present when Gen. Bonaparte dissolved the legislative bodies during his coup d'etat of the 18th Brumaire, and in the confusion of the moment the general trod on his foot as he was leaving the hall of debate. He continued at his task during the whole period of the restoration, saw Manuel expelled from the chamber of deputies, and witnessed all that immediately preceded, accompanied and followed the fall of the dynasty of the elder Bourbons. He was still, as ever, at his post when the chamber was invaded by the mob on the 24th of February, 1849, and was present at the last debate of the assembly, dissolved by the decrees of the 2nd of December. In 1825 ho founded, with M M, Darming, Ledru, and Isambert, the Gaxsette (le& Tribunaux of whioh he was tho principal proprietor. M. Breton was a distinguished philologist and knew nearly all the language* of Europe. , He was attatcfud as sworn translator to 11.5. Tribunal of th-3 Seine, and was frequently intrusted as such with important anti «, confidential duties. Few men of Uik present age have witnessed so many interesting events as 'M. - Breton. His being an ey'e and ear witness of all the terrible proceedings of the assemblies of tho first revolution would -alone give value io the memoirs which it is stated he has lpf- and which, it is added, will soon appear in jeuilletons of one of the Paris morn in q; papers. Mr. Kenelm H. D'gby, the learned and accdm 'plished author of ' Mores Catholici' has recently presented to the Dominican Convpnt. at \VoodchesU;r for their refectory, a picture of the death-bed of St. Dominic, painird by his own band. 