THE EMPIRE. MONDAY, AUGUST 2, 1852. AN IMPERIAL SOP. Sir J. Pilkington said it, was liif intention early after East er, to move for leave to bring in a Bill to confer Bopresentative Institutions upon tho colonists of Nov Zealand -Home of Commons, April 5. Sm J. PAitiXQTü» is n wiseacre.He probnblyknows na much about New'Zea- land HS lie does about Nova Zembla, but he must show that'lie does not receive five thousand pounds, a year, of the public money for doing nothing, nnd when a question is risked bim touching a particular point of colonial .policy, ho makc3 a bold shot «nd a liberal promise. Semper dolosus vcrsatvr in generalibus. Sir John Pilkington lins sufficient experience, nt nil events, to know that fine promises will always go down with his master, John Dull, who, provided, ho secs his servants" ostensibly earning their wilges, does not trouble himself much to ascertain whether or no tho promises aro actually- performed. Representativo institutions for Now Zea [ land 1 The puissant Lord Grey framed representative institutions for Now Zen land, nnd his model Governor politely sent the wax and .parchment back again. Is the sanie farce to begone through nsecond time, nnd when the House of Commons, on tho eve' of a general election, ha's got into that happy fitate of indifference to coloninl interests in which it will enact anything short of absoluto nonsense, is a Becond Now Zealand Constitution to bo sent out for tho imperial representative gravely to condemn, and the imperial sub- jects" openly to laugh nt ? Happy Sir John, to get through all his dimVilties so easily 1 ' Well armed in impudence, mankind bo braves " And moditatci new cheats on all his slaves. The official game of humbug is not so difficult nn ono after all ¡ colonists aro fair objects of it, ns an official tyro even can discover ; and though John Bull can kick lustily when the stick is nt his own back, he can look on unconcerned at the stripes inflicted upon his countrymen at the ? antipodes. I Tho now Secretary has, however, ob- viously got a good deal yet to learn. Ho knows a little of the credulity of the English public, but he has a lesson to acquire of tho incredulity of colonists. He has to learn that the debts of the Bri- tish Government are not to be paid by promises ; tho colonists now know the value of the currency ; nnd he will find upon investigation that it has fallen to a sorious'discount. It it not tho vnguo pro- mise of ii'Nbiv 'Zealand Constitution that will sustain the Imperial credit. He will find that ten years ago, representative in- stitutions were ostentatiously conferred upon Now South Wales, and tho inha- bitants of that favoured territory aro un- able to discover,' oven to this day, that they enjoy, hut little moro.than the ghost of representative , institutions. {Ho; will find that they have, with tho characteristic disinclination of Englishmen,' forborne even to remonstrate, until tho evils of misgovernment were past endurance, and, if his official career be so long protracted, ho may probably learn that they aro now at tho turning point of resistance, peace- able though it ho, to continued aggression upon their rights as British subjects, Tho naïveté of the official declaration nhovo quoted is highly amusing. Sir John Pakington ovidontly knows very little ahout tho abstract principles of re- presentativo institutions, cortninly loss nbout the people for whom ho propoBos to legislate If nn Anglo-Saxon community can chango its sontimonts by ainiply crossing tho ocean, it would doubtless accept a constitution with equal readi- ness from Sir John Pakington or tho Emperor of Russia. Tho colonists, or tho Southern Hemisphere, or some of them at lonst, havo not' quite arrived at this pitch of complaisance, a's Sir John Pakington, if officially ho live so long, piny yet learn. 