BRAIDWOOD' : ... (From the Goulburn Herald's Correspondent.) ! August 17.-Tho extraordinary success enjoyed hy a,party nt Bell's Creek, mentioned in,your issue ol'the 7th instant, is, I fear, un exception to the rulo.' But little' hus been done herc lately. -Tins''escort'on Friday had none from this creek, and this has bceu tho caso I believe for the last three weeks. At Major's Creek, they continue with about the sumo steady success us I men- tioned in my last. About 300 licenses have been taken out :- though no great resultshave rewarded' our digging friends, let it not be supposed that the ¡creek is all done, or the golden harvest all reaped. The continued wet weather wc havo hud lately lins rendered it completely impossible to work the "bed claims," and while tho dry'dig- gings have sometimes yielded large' returns, they uro rutlwr uncertain. Tliero is a fair-pro- spect of our enjoying some flue weather now. We have hud plenty of wind and min since I last wrote, and some snow on Monday moriiing. .At tho Mongarlow Uiver the continuance of rain, iwd tho intense cold have almost put a ttop to '{¿'(hour, Und there is literally nothing to commu nffute..' The mail that should have come in yes- terday afternoon at two, did not arrive till seven, mid nus then conveyed on horsoback by our inde- fatigable contractor. Weare looking forward lo tho .spring to bring- us plenty ol' diggers, and with au':> inorcáso of population wo shall havo, lib ' 'doubt, moro roturns. During the last twelve months, (and digging begun in Au- gust) wo have sont away gold to thc value ol' about £300,000. , And nt, no timo have we had more than 1,200 diggers. At present thcio aro not more than half that number. In looking away from ourselves to-th« general interests of1 our colony .1 think we. have good causo for en- couragement. Our prospects aro certainly most uhooriug. \Ye shall doubtless have plenty of new comers soon, and these too, I trust, of the right sort. 1 seo you anticipate a thorough desertion of your town in tho spring-. I um inclined to think otherwise I believe your good storekeepers will find thcro is quite us much, perhaps more, to be niado, by staying at home than by wandering to tim diggings. I have always questioned the desirableness'of those who have families and establishments, leaving them. for thc precarious occupation of gold digging, and, sundy tho desi- rableness will bo moro questionable when tho immense iucrcasn of population must act most beneficially on tho permanent interests of tho colony. .. These interests should not bo ..o;*lccted on any .consideration ; no, not for tho sake of gold, lt must not bo our li ¡ghost ambition to bo distinguished ns a-gold-producing country. Jinny como tous in no other light, but many of these will very soon it is to bo hoped, direct their at- tention'tb other pursuits. Apropos of ignorance, I was not a little surprised the other day in' looking over tho very valuable publications of tho Xa'tibtfiil Society ol' Education ; publications by-'thp way, which", if carefully examined ¿YVOiild go far to do away with thc strange'clainour that has been set up against this system;' to find tho following ac- counts of JS'oiv South . Wales. " Tho principal settlements are Sydney, PORT JACKSON, BOTANY BAY, Port Hunter, Port Macquarie, and Port .Moleton." This might even be purduued, though tho two in capitals sound strange enough. Bul a graver complaint is yet to bo preferred, I um quoting from the introduction to Geography published in, 184(1. At pages 80, 87, is a very useful tnblo of the chief productions and exports of the principal countries in the world. In thi-> list Australia does not appear at all. The only country moiitiuiied us producing wool being Germany. I mention this to show how oven in high quarters there is profound ignorance ol' ouraotual posi.ion and capabilities, and also with a hopo that intel- ligent teachers under the system may supply thc strange omudssion. Since 1 begun to writo 1 have heard that ono party aro doing very well ab Doll's Creek. They aro sluicing lu a systematic munuer, and ns tho gcuorul result of work being properly douo it is highly remunerative. We hear continued accounts of thc fearful state of our roads ; ninny bullocks ure sunk in tho mud, tho bend and horns alono visible, the poor creatures have ol' course perished. Drays aro also bogged and will require tremen- dous power to extricate them. Un Sunday Mi*, lt. Elliott with his usual zeal brought up tho midi on horsoback from Goul- burn, having waited there till its arrival from Syuney. This is only another instance of his anxiety satisfactorily to perform his contract in thu fuco of all obstacles. 1 mentioned t ho delny before,, but.did not mention that it was not con- nected with our own lin« of road. 