MEN THAT I SAW AT THE DIGGINGS. No. 5. ' Revolutions may come a people, political changes modify them ; but the social status often is not materially affected. The overturn of a dynasty in France leaves Frenchmen much the same ; the Reform Bill and the repeal of the Corn set the pulse beating : but the tumult soon subsides, and man follows his ordinary avocation, not much the better, or not much the worse of it. A bit of white quartz, embedding a sparklet of gold, has worked a greater change in a few short months, than politics could have done in half a century. It has revolutionised habits and lan- guage, and made more rapid conquest of man than ever Islamism did. Gold is the new faith ; few, if any, doubt its efficacy. From the East and from the West, from the North and from the South, flock its devotees. No need now, of Peter the Hermit to rouse the dormant energy of man ; he pilgrimises to the " Sacred Mount" with an unquenchable enthusiasm.' * Emigration first, migration afterwards : we are real birds of passage, Fred ! Our longest stay counted by months—we flock together—flit as the seasons change,—and have no abiding place.' ' And are followed by birds of prey. Look now at that black vulture, crossing the creek : broad shouldered and hard headed he recks no- thing : of herculean strength, he works not ; gambling, carousing and fighting are his pas- times ; he is the cock bird of a covey of crime, black as himself, that nestle in the purlieus of the grog- shop, to pounce upon the benighted vic- tim. He crows defiance at peace, law, and good order.' ' And who is that, just emerging from that low rigged tent, who looks like a figure of Euclid with a sheet thrown over it.' ' That is Ben Hawkins, a most determined chap, and most incongruous character. He is coming toward us, walking as usual with his hands in his pockets, his cabbage-tree stuck on one side, and his black neckerchief twisted round under his left ear. Ben does not expend much time on his toilet : a dash of water from a panniken constitutes his morning ablution, a shirt sleeve is towel, whilst his fingers compen- sate for brush and comb ; and Ben, so far, is dressed for company.' ' Well, Ben, how are you getting on ?' ' Can't grumble ; I always have it, if it is to be had ; never missed yet. Did you get the of- fice this morning : that chap's tent was touched last night ; up the creek there you know,' ' What chap." ' Why, the chap that pistolled the man the other night, and put a ball in his thigh. You know now. Well ! that unfortunate fellow was put out of the way quietly : the ball was taken out by the Doctor that turns the gum-trees into a newpaper and sticks his advertisements on the bark, and the to prevent any awkward discovery, him off at break of day this morning, and humps him just as you'd take a bucket of earth in a bag. Well, you know, my kiddy with the pistol, flashes a great deal about what he's done, and what he'll do, and opens his mouth rather too wide ; and so last night, when he and his two mates were in the arms of Morus, four break-of-day boys pays them a visit quite promiscuous like ; two on 'em slits the back o' the tent open, whilst the other two stepped quietly into the front, and covers their men with the pistols, makes 'em dig up their gold, and then decamps with it, and ad- vises 'em to be particular not to shoot at every body as pays 'em complimentary visits.' ' It is a fearful state of things,' said I, ' that outrages like these can be perpetrated with im- punity.' ' Why ! wasn't the man shot ? Do you hold with shooting a man, and then pity others for being robbed of a few ounces ?' ' Serve a man right if he enters my tent to rob me—I am justified in shooting him ?' ' Well now,' said Ben, ' I did expect better from you—my word—then I do thin we're alike in nature, and differ only in our clothes. You talks against capital punishments, wouldn't hand a man, 'cause its brutalising, not after a jury had convicted him o' murder, and yet you'd advocate Lynch Law, and shoot a fellow for en- tering a tent—you hates a rope, but likes a pistol—objects to the law being put in force, bu likes to take it into your own hands.' ' Property must be defended Ben ; where the Executive is powerless—man is thrown back on his own resources for protection.' ' Life is more valuable than property, Sir—it would be better to lose a trifle than to have a man's blood on your head—and surely if as I sees in the paper a juryman would rather per- jure himself than cause a guilty man to be hung for murder—he couldn't consistently shoot another for fossicking.' ' Well, Ben, I must agree with you that the advocacy of a Lynch Law at the Diggings, con- sorts very ill with the abolition of capital pu- nishments elsewhere—but the Lord Chief Jus- tice promulgated an opinion, which was supposed to mean that all who went to the Diggings were constructive outlaws—so that which might be pure reasoning in Melbourne, may be pure non- sence at the Mount. You do not mean to defend the conduct of men, like those you have spoken of, do you, Ben.' ' You writes and I reads—you makes excuses and guesses, and I uses 'em. Now, Sir, would any one in his proper senses, walk into a man's tent, with the chance of being shot, to ' touch' a bit of gold, when there's plenty to be got all around him, without any risk. A man that would do it must be insane, or under some influ- ence, perhaps of a ' narcotic,' which is a near relation to locussing I s'pose, and the grog cer- tainly is very qeer at the Mount. Now, would you shoot a man, Sir, under those circumstances You would not shoot him for example, 'cos it's as brutalising to blow a man's brains our, as it is to hang him.' ' But there is a difference between a cool judi- cial proceeding, and an impulsive act, Ben.' ' In course, no mistike about that, just the difference between the trial and the murder.' ' But I doubt Ben, if we harve a right to take a man's life.' ' Exactly so, and yet you'd shoot a man, and praise up Lynch Law. Now, if you have a right to hang a man for taking the life of a fellow- creature, what right have you to take away a man's liberty for life, and load him with irons, for knocking down a man and robbing him on the highway, or for stopping a two-horse mail, and breaking the bags open. I s'pose the law, wherever it comes from, in as right in the one case as in the other. But however, Sir, I thinks the principle a comfortable one, and if I ever should get into trouble, perhaps you'd have no objection to state that I was very queer some- times in the " upper story,' and on the con- trairy, if you should shoot a man, which is very likely you may have an opportunity of doing— why I'll do as much for you, there's my hand on it. We're all critters o' circumstances—and some on us very queer ones.' Ben satisfied that he had clewed me up, filled his pipe, pocketted his hands, and sauntered back to his tent, in which he disappeared like a ban- dicoot in a burrow. THERE was an enterprising merchant of Lon- don, of the name of Enderby, whose name is asso- ciated with maritime discovery in this quarter of the world, especially in the discovery of the remote islands that lie towards the southern pole. At one time immensely rich, he encouraged the captians of his whaling vessels to venture beyond their commission, and to discover islands, as well as to catch whales. As some of his mer- cantile speculations turned out unfortunate, he died comparatively poor ; but he left behind him two sons, who have inherited somewhat of the spirit and enterprise of their father. About three or four years ago, the brothers Enderby planned a settlement on the Auckland Islands, which was to be a great whaling entrepot, and, in fact, become the Greenland of the Southern Pacific. A company was formed ; a royal char- ter was obtained ; and one of the brothers En- derby was nominated the Lieutenant-Governor of the new settlement. The expectations entertained have not been realised, and the Directors of the Company in Lon- don came to the resolution of breaking up the establishment on the Auckland Islands, and Zealand. The first portion of this scheme has been carried out, two Commissioners, Messrs Dundas and Preston, appointed by the Company in London, had arrived at Port Ross, with in- structions to break up the establishment. It is reported that the conduct of these gentemen towards the Lieutenant- Governor, Mr Enderby was most unnecessarily harsh and discourteous, and as it appears to have extended to an actual subversion of his Royal Commission, without any delegated authority in that respect, it will probably lead to a complicated process of litiga- tion. This is an unfortunate termination of a somewhat bo d adventure, the results of which, when first proposed in London, were predicted by the Times, would be the establishment of a Pacific Whale Fishery of the most lucrative kind. Amongst several sailors who have been ar- rested by the police at Williams Town, is one charged with implication in the murder case in Gelong last February. It is stated in the ship- ping news of the Melbourne papers that two sea- men were yesterday apprehended on the informa- tion of the second officer of the Clifton, by Sergeant Stone, at Williams T'own, charged with being desetters from the above ship ; and, like- wise one of them named Daisey ; on suspicion of being connected with the murder in Geelong last February. This man was remanded ; the former against whom the charge of desertion was proved, was sentenced to twelve weeks im- prisonment, and to forfeit all wages due, clothes, &c.;, &c.; THEATRE ROYAL.—The proceeds of this even- ing's performance at the theatre are to be devoted exclusively to the support of the Geelong Hospi- tal and Infirmary. The pieces chosen for the evening's amusement, are, Sheridan Knowles' play of the Hunchback ; the farce of Boots at the Swan ; with a variety of singing and dancing. The whole is under the especial patronage of the merchants and magistrates of the place, and por- tends well for the useful institution to which the funds will be applied THE NELSON ROBBERY.—We are informed by the Argus that a report was current that one of the men who are now in gaol awaiting their trial for being concerned in the Nelson robbery, had " peached," and informed the police where a quantity of the gold was concealed. The real facts of the case are as follows. A man named Hatfield, who was some weeks ago given into the custody of the police, at Gisborne, on a charge of robbery, managed to effect his escape, and came down to town. Having a quantity of gold at the Treasury, he got possession of it, and fear- ing that he should forfeit the whole if he got again into the hands of the Philistines, he con- cealed it under some stones near the flag-s aff. Some sharp-sighted policeman recognised the man a few days after this occurrence, and he was again placed in durance : but not feeling quite easy about his gold, he told the police all about the treasu e, and a couple of the detectives went to the spot indicated, and dug up upwards of twelve pounds weight. Whether the gold is the produce of robbery, or falir digging, does not transpire : at all events, it is in the hands of the police and will probably remain there. APPOINTMENTS — The last Government Ga- zette, contains the following appointments : Mr. Charles Friend, Harbour Master, at Geelong, to be a member of the Immigration Board of that place ; Mr John Farrell, to be Chief Constable at Castlemaine ; William Fenwick, and Samuel John Cooke, Esqs. to be Assistant-Commissioners of Crown Lands for the Mount Alexander District ; Jonathan Binns Were, Esq. has been appointed by the Republic of Chili, Consul of that republic, for Melbourne, Adelaide, and Sydney. COMMISSION OF LUNACY.—An enquiry of this nature was held in Melbourne, at Passmore's Hotel, in the case of Mr W. G. Bell, late ac- countant in the Bank of Australasia. The Commissioners were Messrs. Forbes, Pohlman, and Dr. Campbell ; the Solicitor-General and Mr. T. A'Beckett attended on behalf of the peti- tioner, at whose suit the enquiry was instituted, Mr. Bell was formerly a clerk in the Bank of Australasia, he had been promoted to the office of Accoantant, and in September or October last had proceeded in that capacity to Geelong. There was then nothing strange in his de- meanour, and he remained in Geelong till De- cember, when his conduct began to assume a strange appearance, so much so, that he came by advice to Melbourne, and from that time had received every attention from his friends. They considered at first that it was a mere passing disorder, and everything was done to alleviate it, but without effect ; as Mr. Bell was in possession of certain property it would be taken care of by the Court. It was impossible to say what was the origin of Mr. Bell's affliction, but whatever it might be, the medical men all agreal that the only chance of his recovery was a voyage to England. In order to give him this chance, the present enquiry was instituted. The evidence of the medical men and other witnesses, confirmed, by various particulars, the fact of Mr. Bell's in- nacy ; and the Jury found that Mr. W . G. Bell is of unsound mind, and incapable of managing his affairs, and has been so since the 20th of Jan. last. Newspapers are not endowed with the gift of prophecy, but newspaper writers, whose daily business it is, to record the present, and measure it by the past, are occasionally enabled to " divine" the future, in exercising their functions. We cannot precisely undertake to say, that five or ten years hence, Geelong will be of such a size, —will contain so many streets—will have her bar removed, so as to enable to come up to our wharves " Whole navies with the swelling tide." But in a humbler way, we can foretell either a rising or a falling town, according as its adminis- tration is wise, its inhabitants active and enter- prising, and so forth—or the reverse. In this sense, we may apply an argument to the circum- stances of this country, which the Empire uses with respect to the United States, Looking to the great and increasing element of Irish blood in the American population, as evinced by the last census taken in the United States, and com- menting on the past injustice with which Ireland has been treated, our contemporary says, that England must look well to it, that she do not get, in the future United States, an enemy with as deep and native an antipathy as ever she had in France—that she ought to bind to her every race of her peoples' empire with kind, with just, with honourable treatment, in order that in every emergency she may at all events find sympathy there—that the existing deficiency of Ireland should be replaced by industry well trained, well instructed, well treated—that the colonies should be nurtured, not enslaved and crushed ; elevated in sentiment, not taught to grovel amidst pagan- ism and convictism. Franklin, after recovering the flies that had been embalmed in a bottle of wine, almost wished that he, too, could open his eyes a century after they had been closed, just to see what progress the world had been making. No doubt, matters are far more wisely managed : it is better as it is for like Rip Van Winkle, on awaking from his long sleep, he might not be able to comprehend the changes that had been going on during the interval. But as Burke ac- tually predicted the first French re- volution twenty years before it happened, and as Lamartine, in his dream of the future, actually and accurately foretold the last French revolution, which for a time he vainly at- tempted to guide and control, so may we forsee that coming Australian empire, which convictism, if continued, will tend to precipitate more rapidly than otherwise from the ordinary course of events. And there is this consolation, that if there is to be an independent Australian United States, at no great distance of time, arising out of our resistance of convictism, that evil, bad as t is, will not have infused into our social life, an element so destructive as that of negro slavery in the United States. But Great Britain can far easier rid Australia of the future evils of con- victism, than the United States can get rid og the evils of negro slavery. Let us hope, there- fore, that we shall find, not merely the Times, and the general press of England, but Exeter Hall itself, swelling the cry of "abolition," and philanthropists and statesmen devising more effi- cacious checks upon crime, than the vulgar expe- dient of transportation to this part of the world. The gold miners of Victoria had better take a hint from those of New South Wales, and very probably they will. It seems that the New Sout Wales diggers are becoming quite taciturn, and pocket their good luck, saying little or nothing about it. We are told by a Sydney broker that instances of the discovery of valuable nuggets in the western district have been reported within the last few days ; but except on such occasions, when the sudden good fortune of some lucky dig- ger out weighs his discretion, there is all through the mines an habitual tacit unity with regard to the success of individuals and parties. This is only a part of the sobriety and regularity of ac- tion which our miners—a very different class to those at Mount Alexander—now conduct their operations. The important fact, that gold min- ing with us is subsiding into a kind of profession —with something like settledness and systemisa- tion—with which are associated the comforts and endearments of home, is the safest assurance of the future prosperity of our mining classes, and our greatest distinction over the digging popu- lation of Victoria. In this may be found the se- cret that our yield of gold is much greater in proportion to the number of persons engaged re- spectively in both gold fields than that of our sis- ter province : and this constitutes the solid ground of our sanguine expectation for the fu- ture." The licenses of the Victoria steamer, and of Gipsy, plying between Melbourne and Geelong, were refused by the Melbourne Licensing Bench, on Wednesday, on the ground of their being ' no appearance,' in support of the applications. If we are inviting Chinese labourers to Austra- lia, the Chinese are offering favourable terms for our gold. Very favourable accounts had been re- ceived in Sydney, of the results of gold shipments to the Chinese market : so that between men and gold, the exchanges are both favourable and un- favourable. As like produces like, the future of Australia a foreshadowed in the following extract from he speech of the American, Mr Walker, at Liverpool. That " fusion of blood" which pro- duced England, is now going on in this great con- tinent, and will doubtless produce similar results despite geographical and other differences :— " It is needless to remark, for it is known to all the world, that England stands among the fore- most in the rank of nations. Now, what is one of the chief causes of this ? It is, gentlemen, in the variety of sources from which you sprang. It is that the English blood is a fusion of the blood of nations. There is the ancient Briton whom Cæsar failed to conquer ; there is the Celt, indomitable in courage, overflowing in genius and generosity ; there is the Scots and Piets, majestic even in semi-barbarism ; there are the Danes, the noblest offspring of the great Scandi- navian tribe, brave, adventurous, energetic ; there is, too, the industrious, orderly persevering corageous, law and liberty-loving Saxon ; and then last, but foremost of them all, the chival- rous, the heroic, the conquering, god-like Nor- man, infusing another element of courage, intel- lect, and power into the blood of England. It is from this fusion of the blood of these great races sprang the power and glory of England. It gave us Shakspeare and Milton, Bacon, New- ton, and Franklin. It gave us Hampden, Sidney, and Russell- glorious martyrs of freedom. It gave us Fox and Chatham, the early, eloquent, and courageous friends of my country. It gave us Peel anod Wellington, and, greatest of all, by the verdict of mankind, for he sprung from that race—it gave us Washington." THE increase of business, and the scarcity of Iabour, continues to perplex the Sydney com- mercil community. A trade circular informs us that a continued demand for exportation gives more than sufficient occupation to our trading community. Labour is becoming daily more scarce, and wages advancing proportionably. Already the expense of carrying on mercantile and manufacturing establishments has increased enormously since the discovery of our gold fields, and the difficulty of conducting business in- creased in the same ratio. Until lately the trade profits have not been at all commensurate. A CASE of unquestionable distress is recorded in the Melbourne papers. In England, " humans," as the quack doctor termed them, occasionally get into prison for the sake of their " feed," and shelter ; but brutes in this " happy land" most now beware of the pound. The keeper of the Melbourne pound applied to the District Bench, on Tuesday, for an increased allowance for the support of cattle under his charge. He stated that the allowance was only 1s per head for twenty-four hours, and that as he had no further means the poor animals were almost starving. The Bench authorised him to in-] crease the allowance for horses to 2s 6d per diem, and for all other cattle 100 per cent. on the sum at present charged. We have our complaints against the Post Office of Victoria ; but certainly cannot, as yet, accuse Governor La Trobe of the enormity of appoint- ing to the charge of the Post Office here, a man who actually carries an umbrella in dry weather. But they have done so in Sydney, for the Empire accuses the Executive of appointing as Post- master-General, a gentleman who must needs carry an umbrella to keep the sun from his brains. But Government doubtless knows what it is about, and so does Major Christie, the new Postmaster General, for if the following list of his previous appointments be correct, he can do something more than carry an um- brella, or at least the umbrella he carries does not hide his merits. He has been Ex Superin- dent of Convicts, Ex-Visiting Magistrate to Cockatoo, Ex-Agent for Church and School Es- tates, Ex-Secretary to School Boards, Ex Ser- geant-at- Arms, Ex-Secretary of the Australian Club. It is whispered that the Major has per- formed other official duties for the Club and the Government, which have never been mentioned in his quarterly receipts for his salaries ; that his optical acuteness and military skill in calen- lation were, on one occasion, made serviceable in reducing three thousand men to six hundred, at a troublesome meeting of the " Sydney mob." On the occasion of the dlispute between Great Britain and the United States, respecting Oregon and when war between the two countries seemed impending, the late Sir Robert Peel, then prime minister, made a speech in the House of Com- mons, which he termed a " message of peace" sent to America. Mr. Walker, the American statesrnan, at Liverpool, re-echoes the sentiment. He said—" Wherever we look over the globe, we find the flags of England and America united. Upon the coasts of all the continents and all the islands of the mighty deep there float the kin- dred flags of England and America. We find them near, or together, upon the ice- barred shores of the newly discovered Atlantic continent ; we find them, also, in a common cause of science and humanity, amid the perilous Polar Seas and " regions of thick-ribbed ice," searching for your own distinguished navigator, Sir John, Franklin. That expedition in the Arctic Ocean was fitted out and despatched by my own gene- rous countryman, Mr. Henry Grinnelt, a name which deserves to be enrolled with the Howards of the world. Our gallant naval officers, with the countenance and encouragement of our go- vernment, volunteered to command the expedi- tion. Sir ohn Franklin is not yet found ; but Mr. Grinnell has offered his vessels for a second expedition, if your noble and adventurous navi- gator still survives, to restore him to his country and his home, and to those weeping eyes that still are strained to behold him. In concluding these remarks, permit me to quote the last words of my last financial report to the American Con- gress :—" For my country and her confederacy of sovereign states, I invoke the continued blessings of heaven. May her union be progressive, har- monious and perpetual. May her career be one of honor, peace and glory ; of equity, justice, and good faith, I can only say that with equal sincerity, I wish the same great and glorious destiny for England.' " We have no Mythology in Austraiia ; we keep no dancing fairies, human beings constitute the only roaring demons that rove out at night ; no old women have been drowned in the Barwon or the Bay, as being unmistakeable witches ; and so far as demonology is concerned, we are on th otherside of the globe from Europe. But they have been trying it on in the " ghost" line in Sydney. The Herald says, that an absurd story of a ghost having been seen shuttng the win- dows of a dilapidated house near Wilshire's tan- nery, has had the effect for two or three nights past of drawing hundreds of persons to the spot, gazing on the ruin with an intensity, equal to that of Herschell in the prosecution of his dis- coveries, but not with the like success. The re- port is said to have originated with the mistress of a public house in the vicinity. There was a certain curative ointment so operative in its effects, that when rubbed at night on a deal box, it turned it into a hair trunk before the morning. But a noted dealer in ointment and pills, " Professor" Holloway to wit (" Pro- fessor !") is said to have " thrown cold water" on the canal speculation for extinguishing Mount Vesuvius, by offering to contract for a sufficient quantity of the pills to remove the intestinal grumblings and disturbances in the interior of ' the Cratur,' and also for as many tons of the ointment as may be found requisite to cure the ' eruptions.' Happily, we have no need of " Pro- fessor" Holloway in Victoria, for our volcanoes have ceased being troublesome, and have left us gold, as a quit rent or fine, for having formerly been so very fiery. Positively, they are going a-head in London. The old established monopoly of the wooden- legged sweepers of street crossings is about to be broken up ; and a new scheme has been pro- pounded, which claims for itself the merit of in- genuity and humanity. It seems that in London the success of the juvenile ' Shoe-black Brigade' and street sweepers stimulates the authors of the movement to propound fresh inventions, and to widen still further the means of livelihood for poor boys rescued from the gaol. The public certainly is ready to assist. To every six broom- ers there will hereafter be attached a message boy, who will be known by his name of ' Mercury' legibly enscribed upon a label. This lad will be at the call of any shopkeeper within his district, for the purpose of running errands at the rate of threepence a mile, or sixpence an hour. The society will aid this movement, by rendering itself responsible for all parcels entrusted to the Mercuries, under the value of five pounds. By promoting to such office only those capitalists who have as much as five pounds in their bank, it will in fact make the boy himself pay for the value of the property, in case of theft. Then there will arise among us " Brassers," and their offer to the public will be for a penny from each house to keep door-plates, shop-plates, knockers, and bell-pulls, in a state of tremendous brilliancy. The Ragged Schools take thousands of boys yearly from the streets ; which they pollute, and where they are polluted. The public will cordially rejoice to find—as the plan goes on and prospers—that such boys by hundreds are returned upon the streets as useful members of society. In London, when a subordinate official, or a member of Parliament who enjoys the confidence of the government, writes an article for the Times, or any other papers, he is naturally very anxious about its appearance, and a misprint, which might otherwise pass unnoticed, completely unnerves him. He fancies that all the world has been led astray ; and so he hastens to inform all the world, that in such an article, at such a line, for such a word, read so and so. One instance that we recollect, was for Guernsey read Germany—rather a difference, we should say. " Look upon this picture—and upon that ! ! It is truly said that Great Britain has a noble sympathy with the freedom of all humanity, as humanity. The colour of skin she knows not. She has cast off the taint and the shame of avow- ed villanage. In this respect she far outshines all her republican compeers — America, the vaunted protector of liberty, blushes beside her. And yet Great Britain has done—and to some extent still perpetrates—things that may well make America blush beside her. Her game laws, corn laws, her defective criminal laws, her for- mer severe penal punishments, her neglect of adequate education for the entire population, and and so forth, her restrictive tariffs, to enrich the few, at the expense of the many—all these things may be laid in the balance against " sym- pathy with the freedom of all humanity." But Britain gradually grows wiser. 