THE NEW UNDER SECRETARY. | (From the Times, October 27) At this time of the year there is usually so strong an expectation of a change in the Ministry, that something is absolutely necessary in order to prevent a dangerous degree of disappointment. It is not, indeed, in our power to announce an extensive reconstruction of the Cabinet, or, indeed, any alteration in the Cabinet at all besides the two additional members of whom our readers are already informed ; but, as we are informed by a Ministerial organ, a change of not less importance has taken place in the second rank of the public service. The Right Hon. Lawrence Sulivan, after serving his country with credit for more than forty years, has retired with a pension from the place of Deputy Secretary at War, and into that peaceful haven has retired from the storms of the Colonial O (Knee, that most excellent and amiable gentleman, Mr. Benjamin Hawes. We are quite sure that the public in general, whatever their opinions, and whether they have colonial property or not, will rejoice to hear that a man of such exemplary good temper, so strong a sense of duty, and such unwearied diligence, has effected his escape out of Purgatory, rather sooner perhaps than any member of the Colonial Office had a right to expect. In his present position he will be able to effect important administrative reforms, without raising the ghosts of a Canadian dynasty, without bringing down on the unfortunate colonies the vengeance of Hcki or Sandilli, without throwing a tropical Legislature into a permanent state of revolt, or meeting in every street the haggard and thread- bare victims of an inconsistent philanthropy. Mr. Hawes has our heartiest congratulation on his escape from the combined operation of fifty plagues-for that is about the number of our colonies each of them sufficient to rob any man for ever of sleep. Mr. Hawes' successor in the Colonial Office is Mr. Frederick Peel, who thus enters office much as his father did before him, with some little difference to be smoothed over between himself and his colleagues. That difference in this instance is a one more of association than feeling or opinion. i No point can be mentioned that we are aware of, in which Mr. F. Peel, inheriting, as we suppose him to do, the political views of his father in their latest stage of development, is not perfectly at accord with her Majesty's present advisers. The memory of the parent will impart to this change the appearance of a coalition and if there be a Peel party, and Mr. F. Peel is at its head, a coalition of some sort undoubtedly there is, I but it is a coalition which rather sets the seal on the past than throws any light on the l future. In following his roughshod rider in j the Colonial Office, Mr. Frederick Peel will have little spare strength or time to revert to the great questions that divide party from party. As the only chance permitted to the unfortunate colonies, and the only bit of new new blood introduced into a Government, which had done nothing hitherto but breed in and in, we beg to tender to Mr. Frederick Peel our very best wishes, praying, in particular, that he may be more successful than his predecessors for the last fifty years. 