<$itgmal CoircSpontintct. As tho People's Advocate, our columns will be open to all parties', but w e by no means identify ourselves with the opinions of our correspondents. THE GHOST 1 THE GHOST ! I ' To the Editor of the People's Advocate. Sir, — After bo muoh has been the talk of a ghost being in Mr. Wilshire'a premises on Brickfield Hill, I wish to give you and the public the truth as far as I know. On my passing up Brickfield Hill on Friday evening, about half- past-eight o'clock, I saw a crowd of people opposite Mr. Wilshire' s premises; I asked what was the matter, and was answered that there was a ghost, iu that old building, my informant, pointing up to an old house with the windows out, I said, why don't some one go in and satisfy them selves and tbe people ? I was asked, would I go F I said give me a cutlass or sword and a light, and 1 will go through the house. With that several persons offered to go with me ; at that time eeveral geople got over an old fenoe, or barricade, which fell down at the back part of tbe premises. After standing for a few minutes watching for the necessary traps for commencing action. Mark ! out bounced a man, or something in the shape of one, and cut through the crowd like lightning, in a second or two out bounced another, which I caught and held tiil we both went down, got up again ; both down a second time' ; when down, he said, " for God's sake let me go 1" I said, " No ! By God I won't let you go 1" aud alter we got ou our feet, Mr. M'Lerie came up, and asked what was the matter ? I told him that this was ono of tbe men that had come out of the oldjiouae ; he asked the man some questions, in a hurried manner. 1 told Mr. M'Lerie, that I had kept him till I could give him up ; when -I-was ordered to let the man go, iu a most abrupt mauuer, and further, Mr. Wilshire seemed to be very much annoyed at what 1 hud done, but for what reason might he best kuown . to himself ; but 1 considered, at the time, and at present, that I was only doing my duty as a man, to Mr M'Lerie, to Mr. Wilshire, and tho public at largo by putting an end to such a nuisance. The above is the real truth, as it happened — I am pre pared to swear to Us correctness and truth. 1 am, sir, Yours resueetfullv. HENRY CALVERT, Yarnold-street, Chippendale, Remarks -—When the two fellows found that the premises were likely to be entered, thoy had no other place to escape only by the back door, which they both came cut ctf ; and that if they had been caught in the building by the people that went in, they would have been very roughly handled, so they tried the last resource, to rush into the crowd and thus make tbeir escape. I perceive by the Herald ol Monday last, that Mr. M'Lerie, in giving evidence against a man taken in the crowd, is reported to have said that he (Mr. M'Lerie) went into the house aud took tbe man out. Now uch is not the case ; I was there from eight o'clock until after the mounted police went away, and during the whole of that time Mr. M'Lerie did not enter the house at all. H. C. 