ORIGINAL COE RESPONDER, THE DIGGINGS. To the Editor of the Argus. I since last Wednesday MjfsraLinjh» 'andiMeahiirn, who are pinch s'ng poid lath neighbourhood, received information him it vii-ilio'tiilranwi of «-gn.isror aBOut tiWUlT thieves, who are also residing here, to put them a visit. They requested me to nil them in keeping with. 1 did a, mile css tinned watching every night up to Siridir, On Saturday night, we were up the vie a gift, in consequence of rinse men prowling about. On Sunday morning went raising the people residing in the im iiWiato vicinity, and got the cars mt of 120 robs men to It sworn in special constable, and whose intention it was to keep watch by loan. Mitt obtaining those names, I went to McCoy missioner Baxter, who approved of our pin an I was anxious to assist us. He rendered me 11 p offered to lbs Mount with husbands',, t du the consent of the Magistrates, and get them t > come over and see it us in as small constables. I did so. I saw Captain D, I and informed him that some as robberies had I been committed th it we went dianthus dread of being murdered or robbed, unaltered ged him to come over as soon as pDsib'i,'! Captain Dana promised to come over on th F following day, to arrange the matter, and if I pointed Five o'clock in the evening, requesting me to have the men collected. so that he is might be no delay, in", he would have to imT turn at night. I collected upward of sailing men, who all left their work to he priest and after waiting some time, and finding Unit Captain Dan did not appear, they want and;. Captain Dana has not been near us to lUiul mont (Twelve o'clock noon), neither has howl I a message to us as to his intention. Wolii'tl consequently been obliged to watch everybody j as previously, and of course work during the day. We have eight watchmen in-teadofhi hundred and twenty, and the riot and disturb ance of the thieves is beyond conception. TI? I la ghost our endeavours to keep them and I boldly telling us that they will rot us in spite of our teeth. They do not even fear the 16th of day -Only a few minutes ago they robbed S respectable man of twenty-one pounds; Iinji stole my ber of last night, and made several 1 attempts to rob the tents, but were disturbed I They watched a tent, in which Mr Napier. j stopping, and when asked what they me I replied that they were on the look out for till two men who were purchasing gold yesterday I leave this matter in your hands, feelingly ride t that you will, by agitating thJ matte I obtain some' little protection n for tnow diggers ? who are anxious that peace and good onto I should be kept, and that the lives and property of their neighbours and themselves be in party's No constable has been near it, except wish they receive information of spirits h""1!1''! rived, and then only to aoUu it. Sir "'"','| compositor, was also robbed of seven { sterling last night. I am, Sir, yourobedl#ntMfm|| FRANCIS J. BTBPa»' Flyer's Creek, 10th Jan. 