THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND COM MOTION. The proceedings at the large and respect able meeting of the Laity of this Church, held last week in the Hall of tbe School of Arts, are of a very marked and decided' character. The standard of opposition and resistance to Synodical action and the Church Government views, marked out by the Bishop, has been boldly unfurled : and a counter petition to that of Dr. Broughton and his Clergy, has been unanimous'y adopted. We have no doubt but that this' petition will receive a far greater number of signatures, and will have much more weight with the Queen, the Head of the Church of England, than that agreed to at the Clerical meeting over which the Lord Bishop of Sydney presided. Things have now come to such a pass that, we don't see how either party can consistently retreat, or give way to the views or opinions of the other. There 18 evident'y a fierce commotion raging in the Church of England, which threatens to end in as violent a Disruption as that which tore in pieces the Church of Scotland a few years back. Hoth the parties to this Church Militant affair are sincere and conscientious in the views taken respectively by them of this synodical question. Both seem attached to the Church of their ? Baptism, a phrase in constant use with churchmen, when dis countenanciug the secession of any of their members to tlie parent Roman Church. And we must add that both are right in their own view of the case ; but both are equally wrong, when the truth and the foundation of the basis oa which the Church of Eng land is built, are examined into and laid bare. The lay party who talk.so loudly of con science — of the Scriptures, and of private judgment, seem to think that every one who acts under the impulse of conscience must be in the right, whether that conscience be an upright or an erroneous conscience, or not. We must suppose that SjuI acted under the impulse of bis conscience, wheuv he went armed with judicial authority to. arrest, to punish and persecute the first -Christians at Damascus. Yet Saul was act-, ing under the influence of an erroneous conscience all the time. They also seem to forget that every error — every heresy ever broached against any of the doctrines of the revealed religion of Christ, sprung from the interpretation of the Holy Scriptures by the fallacious light of 'private judg ment.' But the most extravagaut assump tion of those profound expositors of the Bible, is, to invest the temporal Sovereign of England with all the spiritual powers; and jurisdiction -which by Divine Authority oan belong only to the Head of the uni versal Church. It is one of the clearest facts revealed in t,he New Testament, that it was to Peter and the Twelve Apostles that Christ, the Divine Head of the Church, gave the power ' to go aud teach all nations' — to them and to them alone did ' He give the Keys of the Kingdom of Heaven,' and therewith the power of forgiving, or retain ing the forgiveness of, sins. Bishops, not kings or princes, were placed by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God. In a word, there is not a single text in tbe New Testament, or the most distant allusion ta be found therein, whereby it could be in ferred that Christ gave to the Rulers of this world any spiritual power whatever in the formation or governmeut of his Church — on the contrary, He declares that His Kingdoift is not of this world. The only grounds then on which the Church of England people can build their belief in the spiritual supremacy of the Queen, is, on an ' Act' of Parliament and, that Act passed by the most licentious and despotio King thafc ever snt on the Throne of England or of any other country. —a King who is said ' never to have spared Jrhan in his anger or woman in his lust.' If an 'Act' of Parliament could make such a monster the spiritual Head of the Catholic Church in Great Britain, then the laity of that Church are right, aud may claim a divine mission for that Church as long as they like. But, for our part, we beg to be excused for not reading the rlo.y Scriptures under suoh commentators, and drawing con clusions so foreign to th? w.,olo fceuor of the New Testament. It rs indeed pitiable to witness au intelli gent body of gentlemen, — many of them learned in the law, aud all no doubt well read in tho scriptures, attempting to delude themselves and others witu the notion of a dioina mission for the Church of England, and that mission issuing from the English Chair of State, and uot from the Chair of Peter, that rock on which Christ built his Church, and against which he declared the 'powers of Hell should never prevail.' One good may arise out of the agitation, of Lhis Church question, and that is, that the members of the Church of Eogland may be induced to consider well the foundation of their Church, created by ' Act' of Parlia ment j and on the other hand, the promises of Chris* U His Church, that the Holy Spirit would teacb it all truth, and would abide with it for ever. These promises they w;ili find fully realized and verified in that Church which is in. communion with the See of Peter, and in that Church alone. 