Review Substance of a REPLY to a Deputation appointed at a Public Meeting of Members of the Church of England, held in Hour c Town on Thursday, Apiti 22, MDcccLii. By Francis-Uussfll Nixon, D.D., Bishop of Tusmama.-1852. [Continued from the Conner of August 211 Another esception was taken to the second prnycr before baptists, that the infant "may receive remission of sins by spiritual regeneration." " This expression," objected the puritans.-"seeming inconvenient, we desire it may be changed into this,-. May he re- generated, and receive the remission of sins.'" The HUbopi' answer wai, that the pass ige objected to was, '«mint proper;, for baptism is out spiritual regeneration. St. John iii , ' Unless a mun be born again of water mid ibe Spirit,' &c.; inc. By tins f, received rémission of mus. Acts ii , 3, ' Ilvpeut, and be bnptisid every one of »on, for the temission of sins.' So the Creed, ' One baptism for the omission of sins.'*" Once more: The office for confirmation The circeptlon taken was: says: "Who hast vonvlisuled to " This supposetb Hist all the " lecenciata these thy sei vants " children who are brought to " by water ami the llnlv Ghost," be eonflimed have the spirit " and Aast glvcu unto them the " of Chi ist, and the lurgiveuem " foigivcueis of all then sim." "of »11 their .In«¡-whereas " great numbera of children at " that age, having committed " many sins since their bap. " tisin, du «how no evidence of " iel ious repentance, 01 of any \- - , , "especial saving grace; and, ' " Ifaerelore, Uiisoonfiimation, if " administered to such, would " le n perilous and gi os» shute." Again Ibe Bishops maintain, the literal interpretation of ibu Church's words,- again Ihey stand stedfastly by the simple gratnmaiie.il meaning, without resorting, to any non .natural iuitjipreliitiuii as their refuge. Their atiiwer I», «. it supposetb, and thal truly,-\hat all children were at their baptism regenerate by water aud the Holy Ghost, and had given unto them the fur» ¿¡veness of all their tins; and.il is charitably pre- sumed, that, notwithstanding the frailties and alipi of their childhood, tbejr hare, not totally lost what wai in baptism-conferred upon them.' f I need hardly tell you, that, with these old fashioned opinions I do most heartily concur, believing them to express the true doctrine of the Church of England, and knowing there to 'set forth the ortho dox faith of the Church of Christ for the first fifteen centuries of its existence. Yet these opinions are charged by Dr. ttj with being ." identified with the Romanizing party in England ;" the opinions, that is, of such men as Sheldon, Cosin, Sanderson, Heylin, Pearson, Sparrow, Thorndike,-for these are amongst the list of divines who look part in that memorable Conference. You will pardon me, if, even were other testimonies silent, I should entertain a higher estimate of the theology of such men as these, than of your public, meeting, or of the Protestant Association. But testimonies of a later day lo the existence of the self-same truth are not wanting:-John Wesley was no Romanizer when he said, " It is certain, our Church supposes that all who are baptised in their infancy are, at the same time, born again ; and it is allowed, that the whole office of baptism for infants proceeds upon this supposition." \ Simon was no Tractariun when he wrote thus :-'" In the baptismal service, we thank God for having regenerated the baptised infant by His Holy Spirit. Now, from hence it appears, that, in the opinion of our Reformers, regeneration and remission of sins did accompany baptism. But in what sense did they hold this senti- ment ? Did they maintain that there was no need for the seed then sown in the heart of the baptized person to grow up and to bring forth fiuit ; or, that he could be saved in nny other way than by a progressive renovation of his soul after the divine image ? Had they asserted any such doctrine as that, it would have been impossible for any enlightened person to concur with them. But nothing can be conceived more repugnant to their sentiments than such an idea as this : so far from harbouring such a 'thought, they have, and that too in this very prayer, taught us to look to God for that total change both of heart and life which long since their days has begun to be ex pressed by the term regeneration. After thanking God for regenerating the infant by His Holy Spirit, we ere taught to pray, that he, being "dead unto sin and living unto righteousness, may crucify the old man, and utterly abolish the whole body of sin. And, then, declaring the total change to be the necessary mean of his obtaining salvation', we add, 'so that, finally, with ihe residue of the Holy Chinch, he may be an inheritor of thine everlasting kingdom.' Is there (I would ask) any person that can require more than this? Or docs God iu His word require more ?" § Even a seceder from our Church to the ranks of dis- sent has borne a corresponding, though, it may be, an unwilling testimony. Air. Ilanlist Noel, in his volume on the Union of Church and Slate, declares, " t once laboured to convince myself that our reformers did uni, and could not, mean, that infants are regenerated by baptism ; but no reasoning avails. This liuiiiuage is too plain. Although the Catechism declares that repent- ance and faith are pre- requisites to baptism, yet the Prayer-book assumes clearly, that both adults and infants come to the font unregenerate, and leave it regenerate: that worthy recipients of baptism are not regenerate before baptism, but come to be regenerated ; that they are unpardoned up to the moment of baptism, that they are pardoned the moment after."|J " If," then, writes one of the soundest theologians of the present day, ' the words of the English Church in the English Prayer-book are not to be understood in their plain, simple, literal English sense ; if, when she says, ' Seeing, dearly beloved, this child is now regene- rate,' she is nat to be understood to mean that the child is regenerate; then, doubt, suspicion, and scepticism will lurk beneath her altars, and steal into the most solemn mysteries of religion. Then, faith in subscrip tions to Articles will be no more ; and all confidence ¡ti her teaching and in that of her ministers will be destroyed. And so a grievous penally will be inflicted on her and them; a heavy injury will be sustained by tier people, and the English name and nation will sink low in the scale of honesty, sincerity, and truth, "f Is,it sound argument, then, to say, that I adopt Itomauiiing views, if I mo speak thus the sober lan- guage of the Church of England,-refuse io admit, that the compilers of our Liturgy were so double-minded in their dishonesty, as to say what they did not intend' to assert categorically, what they meant hypothetically ? And if, in the exercise of the solemn office of .commis- sioning a younger brother in the faith to preach the Gospel as the Church of England his interpreted it, 1 decline lo bavc my discretion circumscribed within those limits that your public meeting desires to pre- scribe,-if 1 declare that neither fear, nor obloquy, nor opposition, shall turn .me one step from what,,, in my conscience, 1 believe to be my duty to the Cfrarch of England.-and if, in this, 1 do uo-jnon than tread in the steps of those who have hitherto o'een regarded unite giants in English theology,-am I to be charged with exceeding tuy lawful powers as a Bishop of the Church of Christ ? Nuy. lhere is one Clergyman at least in ttiis Diocese, who has taken a far different view of episcopal functions. "The olHce of a Bishop." says this writer, " is mints terial and jutltciiil; It includes all thepriestiy functions in their highest degree ; besides which, it also possesses supreme authority over all order« of the Clergy, and is exclusively invested willi the power of transmitting and conferring holy orders by ordination, and of imparting ecclesiastical authority, and ol' licensing the ministry lo exercise their function« in the congregation. This is the episcopal ollice as it at present exists in the Church. " " He is generally to reprove, and rebuke, and exhort, (2 Tim. iv. 2). It is therefore plain, that he is invested with f nil episcopi.l authority over theCleruy-(hat he is to superintend their conduct and ministry, and to judge, try, mid puuijli the guilty, as well as to reward the laborious and meritorious, tie ia to hold fast the form of sound words, which can only be conceived to have been a sum . mary given him by St. Paul of the nature of a creedor ritual, a summary of the doctrines of the Gospel, or a form of Divine worship, probably both; lie is to commit the sacred form to faithful men, able to teach others also, mid be is to put the people in remembrance of these things, charging them not lo enter into controversies."* " It is plaiu, that he possessed a full control and autho- rity over the Church, in selecting its ministers, making regulations for its guidance, and exercising n general superintendence over all its members.'' . . . In addition to this nut hunty, It only remain» that Timothy should have had the power of ordaining, by laying on of hands, lo prove that his episcopal office wai complete; and this power is shown lo have been pos- sessed by him, by an incidental allusion to it by St. Paul, directing him to « lay hands suddenly, or without doe culmination, on no man;' (v. 22), an expression which shows, that he had not only the poner of ordain- ing committed to bim, but that lie was to exercise it at his own individual discretion." . . . " To the third order of Bishops, in addition to the ministerial ollice and privileges conferred upon the priest- hood, of which they were the highest order, and there- fore possessed the fullest aracel and privilege*, the Apostles transmitted their office of governors und judges in Hie Kingdom of Christ, as it had'been appointed to them by our Lord,-.commissioned them io trans mil Ihe haly office by ordaining IVieits and Deacons al. their pwn discretion and on iheir own responsibility, and gave them power lo rebuke with all «uthority, io reject or excommunicate heretics end impenitent sinner«, lo superintend, judge, and punish Priests and Deacons, and lo make regulations for the general direction W the Church. ' There is positive proof that this authority and commission were transmitted by St. Paul to Timothy and Titus, as they had been before vested in himself. There Is not the least appearance of their authority hav- ing been in any degree derived from the congregation I they received their commission as ministers of Christ I min the Lord, throne li His Apostles, by impoiUloli of hands, uithout any mention or reference to the consent or sanction of the congregation, who are commanded to obey them, as being ' sut over them in the Lord,' and commissioned to gou-rn with nil authority, under the ordinance of Chiist, that whoever resist»those whom He sends ure guilty of illsnbedieu.ee to Himself, and that ibe personal o'rdiuiitioii of Hie Apostles leaves no room to donlii or deny Iheir mission bv the Lord. This Is Hie simple view ol the ministry as described in Scrip; I ure. derived from Christ, conveying His spiritual pri- vileges to the congregation, ministering by His com-, mission transmitted by apostolic ordination, which hands down the sacred office with the certaintv of Tiir. Divine Commission, and of the ministerial graces mid privileges »Inch ure essential to the Priesthood und the Church."»» Now, I do assure you, Gentlemen, that this strong language respecting the episcopal ollice was not penned by one of the "six Oxford clergymen/'who,as Dr. Fry avers, in his published letter to the Archbishop of Can- terbury, " have surrounded the bishop, end, by their flatteries and exultation of his office, have filled him with the notion of his occupying the position of au Apostle.^ nnd that his judgment is to be received as sacred as that of the Church, involving those who do not bold his religfods sentiments in the sin of rebellion end schism,'1 -(language, which, I need hardly say, has never, either directly or indirectly, been addrei-icd to me by a single individual)-The words that I have quoted are those of Dr. Pty himself. As lo the vague charge of " Romanising,"-the defenders of the true, old- fashioned principles of Ihe Church of England are no strangers lo such accusations. The "judicious" Hooker was similarly reviled ; Arch, bishop Potter had to defend himself against the self-same charge: even the single- minded Bishop Hall did dot escape. The imputation of Popish tendencies s an old ' invention, and lins, for a lime, led astray tninyr even amongst the pious and the learned, The celebrated nonconformist Baxter admits his own readiness thus to misjudge his fellow-man ; but, when age and experience had tamed him down, he had the honesty to confess hil error, and to record it. "At first." he laid, "it would disgrace any doctrine with me, if I did but hear it called popery and antlchris Han : but I have long learned to be more Impartial, and *-. to dislike men for bad doctrine, rather than the doctrine for the men ; and to know that Satan can use even the names of popery and antichrist against the truth.'-+f We can readily forgive the error, for the manly frank« ness of the writer. But, at the risk of wearying you, 1 will bring forward yet another authority, which I am bound to presume will have great weight with you all. " The primate Laud," Mya an author lil this colony, " wal accused of being a papist, because he maintained the apostolic succession of the ministry, and Ihe tradi- tion of the Church." " The same charge has since been always preferred, with the same disregard to truth, against those who main- tain the authority of the apostolic Church, and of its faith or tradition, and ministry,—even though in their conduct they should disclaim all communion with the Church of Rome, and in their writings have strenuously exposed her corruptions, and the falsehood of her claim to spiritual dominion. There is nothing more dis- ingenuous, and regardless of truth and justice, than the irreverent spirit of rationalism,—anything of a sacred authoritative character is at once denounced as Popish and superstitious ; it spurns restraint and guidance, and stigmatises respect and submission for the teaching or the testimony of antiquity, as a violation of the right of private judgment, and an attempt to bind or fetter human reason ; while it says, it has need of nothing, it knows not that it is miserable, poor, and blind,' and that the semblance of the truth which it retains is the remains of the apostolical instruction it contemns, and which it would never otherwise have acquired. Had there never been a Church with authoritative creeds, forms,worship,and min- istry, there would have been as little prospect of men's arriving at, or retaining, the doctrines and worship of the Gospel by the exercise of reason, in interpreting Scrip- ture, as there is, that the dispersion of the Scriptures in a heathen nation, without ministerial and doctrinal instruction, would form and preserve the people as an orthodox Church. The scorn of the authority of the apostolic Church, which men suppose to be the vindica- tion of reason, against superstition and prejudice, might occasion a doubt of the light of reason as a moral guide, by the want of candour, and of truth, it supposes itself jus- tified in showing towards those whose sin is obedience to what they believe to he that Church, which their Lord commanded them to hear, if they would not be counted by Him as heathens."-Again I quote the words of Dr. Fry tf * Ib., 324, 356. \+ The principle that guided the Episcopalian Divines In their rejection of these and other " exceptions ' may be best under- stood by a reference to the following words in the preface to the Prayer-book, drawn up after the Savoy Conference, by (as is generally supposed) Bishop Sanderson. "Of the sundry altera- tions," it la there said, " proposed unto us, we have rejected all such as vere either of danserons consequence, (as secretly sti iking at-aome established doctt me or laudable practice of the Church of England, or, indeed, ol the whole Catholic Chureb of Christ,) or else of no consequence at all, but utterly fnvoloua and vam." lb, 328, 308. t Sermon on the New Birth. I I Simeon's Works, vol. ii., p. 239. | II Page 419. si Wordsworth's Occasional Sermons, vol. i., p. US. j .* Fry on Apostolic Tradition, pp, 83,84,90. +T Quoted in Wordsworth's Ecclesiastical Biography. It Apostolic Ministry and Tradition, p. 313. (Tobe continued) 