EXTRACTS. GERMANY. (From the European Times, May 15) THE FAMINE IN GERMANY.-Sad accounts of disease anil famine still reach us. Whole villages are desprted for want of food, and in other parts trade is standing still. Of 18,000 looms, in a single province in Bavaria, almost exclusively inhabited by weavers, not half are at full work. lu Wurtemburg dogs have been ravenously devoured, and one even, far decom- posed, dug up and eaten. A letter from Vienna, of April 21, states that all Kossuth's relatives have been set at liberty by the Austrian Government, and that they will leave the country on the 1st of May. The late Prince Schwartzenberg has left a fortune of 590,000 florins, which by his will, dated in 1847, he leaves, charged will several legacies, to the Princess Matilda, his sister. Letters from Paris state that negotiations with Russia are spoken of for the divorce of the Princess Matilda from her husband, Prince Demidoff. The Prince, it is said. offers a settle- ment of 100,000f. a year, and two millions at his death. But the lady, it is said , requires the two millions down, and the annuity besides. LORD DERBY AND THE O'CONNELLS.-The old ti ud between Mr. Chief Secretary (.' Scor« pinn") Stanley and the O'Con nell family bids fair to be revived second hand. According to the Freeman's Journal, Mr. Kinderly, law agenl of Lord Darby, has started for the representation of Tralee, tlie seat occupied by Mr. Matu ice O'connell. MR. SMITH QIBRIEN AND HIS COMPAMIONS. The Dublin Evening Post, a Conservative journal, has the following remaiks, which appear hopeful for the Ii ish political prisoners in Van Biemen's Land. -It may be feared, however, that the escape of Mr. Meagber may operate injtiriotisly upon the fate of his associates :-" Would it not be strange after all should Mr. Smith O' Brien dud the partners of his wicked folly find them- selves indebted for a remission'of their scntehce to a Tory government? The late government could never have bad the courage-even h-id they felt any compunctious intercession in their hearts- to relax its severity. >For those states- men, who were carrying on a secret and disloyal correspondence with the Pope, could nut atinnKto be indulgent to the bold-facul rebellion, which went a few steps beyond them in the m ireh'of transgression. But the Conservative government can alleviate the piessureof punishment should* they deem it consistent with the public s tfety to tlo so, without the imputation of an undue leaning towards old accomplices. The American Presi- dent has instructed the Ambassidor of the States to use his private influence at the Court of St.-'J.tmes's to procure the release of those mis- guided and unhappy-gentlemen out of the fangs of Governor Denibon -, anti as there is no longer any personal feeling either in Downing-street or "Dublin Castle repugnant to the application/we shall not be surprised should it be listened lo willi courtesy and favour." FROST THE CHARTIST..-Mr. Hume, Mr. Booker, and Sir Joshua Walmsley. have been exerting themselves in endeavouring to prevail upon the Government to grant a remission of the sentence of Frost the Chartist. These gentle- men had an interview with the Secretary of State for the Home Department, on Saturday, for that purpose.- Weekly Dispatch, Mag 9. MARRIAGE IN HIGH Lim.-The maniago of Lady Constance Lcvcson Gower, youngest daugh- ter of the Duke and Duchess of SutheiI tnd, with Earl GiosvenorJ 'eldest son of the Marquis of Westminster, was solemnised on the 12th May, with great splendour. Her Majesty honoured the ceremony with her presence.-Morning Post. THE AGAPEJIO.NB, NC\R BaioaEWATnu-The Bristol Gazette, among other strange stories re- specting this pfoce, states til it the founder recently drove lo the Castle Inn, Taunton, and, on a Ser- vant warning a number of idlers^by saying, " Take care, here's Mr. Princea-oming," he still lo him solemnly, " Mr. Prince once, Jesus Christ now." After smoking a Cigar, and drinking a bottle of wine, he relumed to '. the abode of love." It also nai rates that one of the strange re- gulations obseived in the institution is the election of " Mrs. Prince," or " the Bride." This is a dis- tinction which every week falls to the lot of one of fifteen women, who with their husbands are members of the sect. A large'stage is elected, on which is phced a number of seats ac- eordrng to the number of candidates for the espousal. The stage revolves round a chair, in which Mr. Prince seats himself. At a given signal the hus- bands of the women enter, and each stationing himself at the back of his better half, begins to force the stage round, until it has attained a pretty good speed, when at a sign from Mr. Prince, the husbands retire, and tile stage is left to himself; when it stops, the woman opposite to Mr. Prince becomes " the bride*' for a iveek, at the end of which time the ceremony is repeated. On one occasion Mr. Prince happened to catch a " bride" as she was being kissed.by her husband. As a punishment for this unfaithfulness, she was divorced.from bet heavenly consort, and put to menial labour, and the peccant husband was sen- tenced to~ wheel a barrow füll of'stones Up and down the yard for three days. The funds are becoming limited, and Mr« Piince's influence is on the decline. It is rumoured that be once meditated a flight, but" the saints" would not trust bim with an adequate amount of money, so that he was constrained to remain. THE FEARS OF THE'GUH.TV.-A^CUVÎ^US scene f lereullyf'took "place, at the Neapolitan ^Palace 'I "of CasertaV '' A monk IrtiPsolieifed^áiL'audience1 t with" liis Majesty. ¡Ôiubeing presented, lie ,had ii occasion to use* liis pocket-handkerchief, which',i iho brothers wear very'frequently' in the sleeve of c their robes. The unfortunate monk fumbhd con- J siderably iu «mdeavouring lo w itbdraw the hand- kerchief-the k'ng became alarmée) and called in his guard. The poor man fainted, and, ¡n 'that' state, was ?searched, but nothing was found on his person but a few copper coins - Weekly ' Times, Mug 8. ' , ' 'PIRATES IN ENGLAND.-The Lmcolnshire Times, states that iwopiraticaliJoats were cruising in the Trent, and occasionally sending their armed crews to plunder and poach in the neighbour- ing country. The.following scene in connexion with these mnraitdets, which happened within the last week, is more like a picture ot Spanish Italian,or Mexican life, than anything which J\e could htveexpected to have hetrd of in England in the year 1852. A'few mornings since the wife of a respectable man in D.'rrythrope, on the banks of the Trent, went to'the stack some'huiidred yards behind her house, to pull some hay for her cow. To her astonishment she observed a man's head peeping out from« under the hay. Upon her uttering" some exclamation in alarm, he was awakened, and instantly sprang upon his feet, with his gun over his shoulder. At the same momenta litige dog.rushed upon her. The bri- gand called the animal off, and by tins time two of his followers, armed likewise, had crept fiom iinder the stack and joined their leader. But the strangest part of the story remains yet lo be told. The fellow s bud with them a carpet bag, containing, doubtless, the spoils,of the night, and also a num- ber of nets. They positively had the effrontery to divide these among them under the windows j of" the house of the peison so alarmed by them, | and two. of them lemained in their boat close to it for many hours, until rejoined by their com- panions. And yet no one made any effort to interupt oc capture them. Even so Lite as t'ues diy last four oí Hie gang, headed by their tall captain, a notorious character, were seen wi'hin a mile of the same pi ice. A gentle nan returning from West Buttei wick had to make a good run of- ¡t to escape from Hiern. A look out for the Trent pirates is now kept up in most of the vil- lages,"but they always contrive to turn up where they are least expected. The amount of game, alone which tney have obi lined is somewhat enor- mous. Their weapons for night shooting are air guns, which to the caieles3 eve have the Hook of, walking-sticks. Some of them have ordinary guns besides. THE RECEPTION OK GE.NERVL ROSAS IN ENGLAND.-Every Englishman must have felt his cheek burn with shiine when he read an ac- count the other ti ty of HIP honours hetped by the authorities at Plymouth on the ex Buenos Ayrcan dictator, Rosa, when he reached out shoies, one of the most sanguinary ruffians that ever disgraced-humanity,who wadded through blood to the bead of the Aigentine confed"ration, and preserved his power up to the time of his expulsion by a series of atrocities which rival those of Nero and Ciligula.c The figure which the Ministry cut in the House of Peers when questioned about this business on Thursday was most pitiable. Like the usurper in the play, when confronted with the ghost of his murdered victim, "Thou canst not say I did it !" was, the exclimation of each of Hiern. But the deed was done, the honours were given by command from Dawning-street, lo this base, bad man, who for twenty years past li.is been the scourge of-lhe Plats, and Hie scandal of human nature. The honours piiil to Rosis are very significant, and will not speedily be forgot- ten - European Times, May, 15. SriTtsrics onun FRENCH POPULATION - From ¡i statistical work, just published in Paris, by M. Mathieu, it appears that the bil His in France, dilling the 33 years from lal7 to 18W. were I6.15>,3M) boys, and I5,50K»11 gu Isj. Of these, l,6ílü,903 boys, and 1.121.03S gills were illegitimate. A comptrison of these numbers wilT show the curious fact that the propoiiion of boys to girls is lal ger in the. case of legitimate than of illegitimate children, the proportion of the former being as 17 to 16, and of Hie latter us 25 to 21. The proportion'of illegitim ite to legitimate ciiild len durin-! the same period was 1 io Li,all butri fraction.- But in Paris, during ld5'J, the number of illegitimate births atlained the frighful proportion of nearly 1 in '1. the numbers being li,G1<3 légi- timité and 4022 illegitimate. Fiom l817 to Hld the annui! average of births in France was 1 to 33 96' inhabit ints, of deaths of I to 10, and of marriages, I to 123. The tables show a vciy large inn ease in the duration of human life since 1817\. In that year the average duration was 31-8 yeu-s,; in 1333 it was 33 £) years, and in 1349 it leached 35-1. Before the first revolution Duvilland's tables gave 2S;,1 years only as the uveiage. duration of lile, so that mpre than 7 years, by a steady progression, have been gained within GO "years, ,'1'he present population 'of Pans is 915,721 : This, added to 187,513 in the ¡irrondiss ment of St. D^nis.and 187.513 in that of S.ceaux, makes the. popul ilion of the depai iment of the Seine 1,35-1,933. ' , Loss OK A SrcAMütt ASD IWrv-nvE Ltvns. Advices from Oporto of the 30th tilt, communi- cate the following :- "TA most lamentable occur- rence in the loss of the steamer Porto (Portuguese) has4hrown tbW city into tho greatest consterna- tion, all thô passengers, thirty-six iu number, having perished, and only seven of her crew survived. That unfortunate vessel sailod from this on Sunday morning for Lisbon, and norn nonio cause or another bore up again after being as far' south as Fijjrneritt, and on taking the bar last evening about six o'clock, she struck on some rocks called the Forondos, inside of the bar, when the anchor was let go ; but somehow or other she diifted, and not answering her helm, she got embedded on a reef of rooks, where-no "aid could to sent to her; anti night coming on, slit) went to pieces in a few hours. Among tho sut&rers; aro Mr. Joseph Allen, of this place, anilNiwo daughters ;.' Mr. Anderson; from London, ship- owner, who waa liere on account of the Harriet, bound to Australia ; Mons. Üestrees, French Consul tit this port ; Mr. Anderson's nephew ;¡ Senhor Jose Augusto da Silveira Pinto, nephew of the well-known Senhor Albanbo, of Liston ; Senhor Antonio Joso Placido Braga ; Senhor Frniioisco Nieir du Sonsa Oliveirn, of the Com' mercial Bank. As yot no bodies have been picked up.-Liverpool Mercury. ATTORNEY'S COSTS, - The following is a copy of a Bill now before the Legislative Council of Victoria, having for its ,object the judicious pruning of_ Bills of costa furnished by attorneys employed in defending criminal cases in that colony-" Whereas it is expedient that the Costs and Charges of Attorneys employed in the defence ol' persons tried or committed for trial before the Supreme' Court , of Vic toi, ia, should .undergo , Taxation; JBé it ei»actttl that wheneverJany At« \n torney of the said Court shall have been employed t in any such defence, be shaJJ, before appropriai- , ' ing any sum to the' payment or settlement of such . costs and charges^ make out. and deliver-loathe ' party by whom he has' been retained to conduit such defence, a bill of costs' containing full and particular items of the monies laid out and busi- - ness charged for therein, and of all sums of money received, held, or appropriated by bim' or any person for his use.^oti account thereof : and shall at the same time, make out and deliver to one of the clerks of the Judges of the said Court, a copy , of the said Lill of costs, together with an affidavit annexed, verifying the payment of all sums and ( fees paid to counsel' and others, and all actual expenditure charged therein ; and the said copy of bill of costs shall, after delivery to the said clerk,"' be taxed in such manner as the said Court or any " j Judge thereof shall direct, and after such Taxation, the siiiíl, Culirt, "or -any Judge thereof, shall make snch order or orders in relation thereto as to him el- them shall seem fit. That for the purpose of making any enquiries which may be necessary to give due eifect to this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court or any. Judge thereof, to call before him or them, in a summary -way, any 'attorney who shall Have been employed in such defence as afore- said, anti by extminution of bim on oath or ' otherwise, to ascertain the truth of any matters, touching or relating to nny^bill of costs and charges which has been or ought tct have been deliveredlmder tbepruvision of this Act in respect of such defence, and the said Coutt, or any Judge thereof, shall also have power in regard to such mallets, to order the attendance before them or him of any person or pei sons "whose testimony maybe conducive to the- discovery of the truth relating thereto, and to exam m them on oath or , otherwise in regard to such matters, and after hearing the said attorney and such person or ~ persons as may be interested therein,, it shall la lawful for the said Court, or a Judge thereof, to ' make such order in the matter as to them or him shall seem meet ; Provided always th it no attorney shall be struck off the Rolls of the said Court fjir * misconduct in regard to any of the said matters until he has been previously culltd upon to show cause before the said Court why he should not be so struck oft." " A SAPIENT SUGGESTION.-To the Editor of the Adelaide Obsrver.-Sir-In a recent Eng- lish paper I found the folk wing ej istolary morceau which may amuse some of your readers, and enlighten otheis, by showing the/unntlei able ignorance respecting Australian matters exhibited at home, even by men who tVi¡te in the newspapers :-" The Kaffir Wai-Sir-To meet the heavy expenses entailid on this country by ' the K iffir War, would it not be desirable to employ our 'convicts' in the Gold mines of Australia and other colonies ? The Government, by so doing, " would avoid the.dilemma conséquent upon a ie» dundancy of gold, find a field fur criminals-now so much needed-as well as very materially assist this country, so far as taxation is concerned. Youis obediently, A. B." This brief note ¡s most suggestive, and were I'tp indulge in any comment whatever thereupon, I should probably uupardou-, ably ruffle your editorial complaisance. Let nie only remaik that we colonists will tike the liberty of filling up the outline of the gentlemin's' name, which his initials supply, "by calling bim " Mr. Addled Bain."-Z. Y -Kensington, July/ 3,1852. ADMISSION TO THU HOSPITAL -At an Inquest" held at the Royal Oak, Swanston- street, on Finlay,, on the body of John Johnstone, w ho died on tho previous night in one of the cells of the Swan- ston-street Watch-house, the Coroner, in answer to a question from the foreman of the Jury'", .said' that an erroneous impression was abroad that tho' Hospital authorities bael power to admit any caso that might be'brought to them, and that their refusal to do so arose either from caprice or in- difference. The rules of the ' Hospital wore framed by the public, by whom it is supportod, and the Committee wero only agents in seeing thoso rules carried into effect.. By tho rules, unless in cases of accident, the only way by which a imtient could be admitted was either through tho Weekly Committee of tlio Hospitalier by permis- sion of the Medical Officer of the week in cases of emergency. The Medical Officers of the Institution woroenjoined to be particularly careful in the admission of patients, and if a stringent rule* to this effect were not in force, persons would bo brought there with only a few- hours»* life in them, and beyond all medical aid, and the Hospital would speedily become a burial society. The object ot the Hospital was to take in persons with the view of their recovery, and if they departed from these rules framed, the Hospital would be saddled wiilh funeral expenses, which the state of their funds would not allow thom to meet. , At the same time he fully agreed with the Jury thnfc a watch-house cell was no place fora man to be loft to die in.- Melbourne Argus, July 2G. A MINISTER.-" Are yon a privileged member?" inquired one of the doorkeepers of the United States' Senate of a stranger who attempted to pass ,into the chamber occupied by that august,body. " What do you mean by such a man P" inquired the stranger. The reply was, " a Governor,'an ex-member of Congress, or a foreign member." The strangei^said, .. 1 am a minster." ('i From what court or. country, if you please P", askeij the official, (Very gravely pointing up)-" From the court of ; Heaven, ? sir." u >í bia .Government holds no intercourse with that power at present," ,ivaa the answer. The stranger bowed ami retired. THE MORETON BAY COURIER is published every Saturday morning. The terms of subscription1 are 8s. per quarter, or GB. Gd. if paid ir* advance : the quartars ending 3lst March, 30th. June, 30th September,and 31st »December, in« each year respectively, at which reriods only cun subscribers resign by giving due notice«, and paying tlie amount due to the end of tl'ff current quarter. Persons desirous oí subset-rl - ' ing during the currency of the quarter \\\ill onïy , be charged front the date of their commencing. 'Each advertiscmenj. will be charged at the rate A "of 3s. an'inch, and Is. for every additional inch, each insertion ; the number of insertions mus^ be specified on each advertisement,, oap Hiey wiljj be continued until countermna.i$e4 by a written ?j notice. Advertisements from. non-.subscr,ibera must be paiil for previous to insertion.. - ( AGENTS. , TvswicH-Mr.W, Warreg. DRAYTON-Mr. VY. Qandcock. 1 WARWICK-MB, H. E. SbankMn. Printed and published by tl;e proprietor, JAMES SWAN, at the General Printing Office' Geoige-strcet, North Brisbane, in the colony, of New South Wales. Ordersand communications (in all cases pre- paid) to be addressed to' the Editor, or to tlio Proprietor, - '"'* \ 