THE COUNTRY DISTRICTS. To the Editor of the Argus, Swan Hill, Lower Murray. Gib, Among the many bush em rt shandon as you are happy enough t'>pob«P5i;it grieves me not a little. I but you have news from our part of the ivor d ; not that He should have a particularly large community, wherefrom to glean the news of the day ; but t think that if you could possibly procure the services of someone to era by acquainted with the style of vi riding necessary for the columns of a daily newspaper, he might be able to collect sufficient matter to make a resp- table paragraph once a month. in to a sense of such on one at present, I will (if you grant me insertion room) endeavour I to it as a kind of make- shift', and th Hugh my shoot be unadorned it is erudition, ton may de- i spent upon is truthful ness, which' I fancy is a great point in a correspondent. I will commence with the great topic of the; day, the number rising subject of costly ration, the Gladstone, that "attracts, all the tin king, power-, of -illustration, in short-gold, that, start using little monosyllable is on the tongue of every. one, at all hours of the day, it li in fumed the stream of nine' ideas out of its regular channel, like a river that has ever won its bills, it is hourly spreading its effects wider and wider ; when its power will be arrested [ love. to the vaticinations of wiser tongues than mine, it has already drained the greater part, of our w. thing hands, and in the course of a month or two, we shall in all probability be minus the ghost of a white man when we shall be obliged to entrust our flocks to the black fellow J. I think there ought, to be some, stir made in the matter of procuring police for qui dist 1 let ; what are we to do if the blacks rise in rebellion ? An occur are not quite so unlikely as to see pies flying say what shall we do some twenty of us at the very outside, scattered as we are along Some 150 miles of river frontage, of about any police to look to for protection? If we take the law in our own hands we run the risk of getting into trouble ; if we I t the blacks have their own peculiar desires the s over we take up our beds and walk the better for ourselves and property, it is ashamed that our worthy (?) Lieutenant Governor should leave us without at least, a couple of police, to parade up and down the river. They if good men, would inst I a kind of awe into the hearts of the ebony race, it is what we deserve, it is what we pay yearly for, and why should we not demand our rights ? It is a subject, Mr Editor that I with you would expose, and show the fallacy of leaving us here "all alone by a selves." 'Your voice is all we have to depend upon, and ! fell convinced you will not let it sink into oblivion, without advocating our cause I see by last weeks paper that there is a police mn. istrate appealed for Swan Hill. but I can't see how his appointment will benefit us, owing to there being no J.I', within 60 or 70 miles to -act with him. Mr t it I r has surely lieixT -attends this one individual magistrate to dispose of (WS that may be brought breath I had Hop-lnpl'u! obseriaVtm, without previously truth ing this matter, will weir brother chip. If ' such is to be the design adopted, in 1 him yet- no other, I imagine- it 11 Sir In quite a novel thing in the race is injustice. . gravity now find the time! the inside surface ii su.".t, I must Merino covers 'their, -iv n vi rd or to,-.- rot or. in-; '-nr p said never. is the can inventive talent the contrasts r elective'.'--,! Oil I fear ain't g the road found Ktno'oii Lu won a Bill, to time I, he- deserved) be exposed for life in -life: c-- will imaginary in fulfilling;' his a mile, at, li.-'.'.'.'l of ? r Legal 'ho I'M ii..iit¡i-ii(il list as:--', a' nuii-ul'oro but I. «f-p.it 6 pm., every Morton,- ribs! I, be risking his »..p-ar-n.»!» t'.s-;<e his 'f w as fined. 3 me tone in Third by an artist,', the Derby final 1 thing the attempt at :.?>.?' bug I "I ' s tins let it averages. Tim iiii-i'ii'i. realises '-'e r if p. t the i idol-, fresh trial, of horseflesh ; Id t there 1 not care here in the value .¡op.-.ilin'i.t li', to industry a mine will 6 ri.ty. says that my party of' them into what is toolin arty teiti'cdFc says This is my Ikhi. until, further inspiring, as that-, the man got his collar- bone broken, owing to" the natural propensity this animal has for stumbling. Now surely to goodness what a man receives when a large man of money for such a short distance, he ought to be able to provide suit able ho: see; if not, healed better throw up his contract at once, and not in ce ntiiiii-iliy died pointing people when they go to Swan Hill, with the express purpose of answering Melbourne letters. Yiure to us v. oitV l.CQUFNTI". 