Hough Meras* about the Races. BY NIMROD'S GHOST. Rcfore entering on an actual report of the various crenta nt this «porting gathering, it will not bc amiss to prelace ii wiih a few remarks, which the crowded state of the columns of Hell's Life, prevented my piiblishiiiv; last week. ] hail intended appearing in the cnaraetcr of a pro- phet and giving, (or attempting to give) my Tip for each race, and shall, without any conceal- ment, mention my named favourites in the ac- count of tho running. Whether or no. therefore, my predictions showed any judemeut or care. «?¡il come before the public, chough at a Lite hour ; yet I cannot Lui regret, for the credit of my nom de guerre, that circumstances prevented the nppearancn of my Delphian outpourings. As, however, my acquaintance with the nags could nut be otherwise than very limited. I nm at least sivod from the charge of presumption : and no ono can more willingly grant than my- self, that a turf-prophet should have a most In- timate knowledge of the breed, performances, and present condition of the various hornes engaged. t cannot help here mentioning my regret that tho metropolis hat no better race-course to boast nf. Some folks may complain of its dis- tance from tho city : but that is but ¡is du»t in the balance, when we look at its other disad- vantages, tho greatest of which aro tho distress- ing nser.nt and descent. Tue former is enough to knock the chances nf any light-Hmbed .-mirna's " clean out of time,'' and when the ground is. hard, the latter is likely to shake ibo tore-legs of the hes* hor-e to spinners mid. may be. throw him hang on hts nose, it Is imposai Me that the best time can be made over such a Lill and. con- sequently, our colonial prads do not have justice d -ne ;o them in coniyarÏMin with the hn-li-h tim'. 1 consider that at least three seconda in one roon I aro lo«t b> the n.-ceiit and the fa Uno Con« qitent thereon: and as the highest p- ixe« in th- o ilony aro run for over (loineliu-h, an.I. ips'i nilton«, the best tit« brought out in their very liuest ft-ttlo. it stand* lo reason that linnie hti.lt running nu., lil to be seconds quicker th.m any country events Whether it bu so or rmi. I fiut tn those obi t'lrfiiu* who have ham- mered their thoroughbred* over most course* in ' tho dis.net. from tho beginning to the end of the ¡ season.- Many wi-1 any that they approve of tho i he ivy work, us it tries .1 lnir-e's bottom ; hut ' these are only the owners of what are called j slickers, not leal racers. l t should be borne m mind by such, that tho main nl.ject of breeding for tho Turf, is to rear nit nounal that sh >II get over a gii> n di*tan. e of ilie lieft ground in the sUor est time ; not that shall climb a hill like a fly on a glass pane, or get through dirt like a ! boy on stilts. Though wilting a« anybody to ad-' j vocato the necessity of raisin,» weight-cairlers, yet some other c ass nf race, ns steeple-chasing, etc., is the proper arena for the display of their powers. That this ha« become an axiom in Kng. I laud, ls a fact that cannot bo gainsaid ; and it is 1 very many years ngo that tho old-fashioned wetter woight« for the King's Plates were re- duced, in consequence of tho heavy class of horse that was bred purposely to run for these prize«. To cut a long story short, the Home- bush is capital triming, but shocking bad run- ning ground. To m-utlon the fluctuation of odds on or gainst lue various favorites would bea hopeless task, for every man here bets his own odds, quito inritjpciident of any market price. Por example. I have known IO to LA to 1, and 10 to 6 bet against thc sam« horse : and yet. if any- one opens his mouth (iud proclaims n favorite. an oven bet is immediately shoved down his throat, ami ho is almost forceo' io accept it, for- sooth, because he happens to fni.f/ bis horso. Why. with such finlds at tho mooting) r.ow under discussion, 3 10 I is vo>y small odds, and chows pluck In tlie taker. ' A» might bo expected, most extraordinary and contradictory reports ol wonderful gallops-fear- ful break down»-going all amiss, Ac. ito., had been dying about from day to day: mid lugu- brious and smiling faces contrasted strangely nt the double oiled of tho same news. Thar half theso rumours wore hoaxes, lt boot« not to toll to tho knowing 'uns, thutigh some have turned out to hnvo a most disagreeable spice of truth. To «tato all of theso wo ti id puzzle tho memory of tho cilciilating boy; but they cnn bo summed up about thus-Old Plover had cither swallowed a curry-comb or sprung a back sinew. J orrock« had refused to cat anything but oatmeal por- ridge, and had taken a violent fancy to trot in- stead of gallop. Vanity had alipped a foal, and Young Piovor fallon head over licola in being practised over 11 stock yard fenco. Sportsman bad slipped his muzzle, and calen hi« groom*« pct cat, whilst his stable companion. Samson, bad been afflicted with snell n crook In lils tall fiat hi* hind legs could not touch tho ground. Hrewor had said neigh ! (oh !) tu hi« corn, and demanded heavg vet : and Pasha wanted to kuow why ho should not hnvo l7ir«e tails. Sur. plice would nnt gallop except in a direct Une to tho nesrest Catholic chapel ; and Canuto (Uko his nataos ike king of old) «as sunil-cacked. Aliuo Copley hud either haltered herself or got the slr ing'esi and as for Sultan, he would only leap tty throwing a back muiiineraott 1 whilst A linnet hud nikon a fancy to Kink ihe rails down mid walk thrungli tin- gnp. Tn continue the relation wnitlo lie tednei«. and, peih'ps, equally veracious, so I shad doolbi" lite ta-k. In sober (net tiitiii;h. Old P'ovr. You*.t; Pb-ver. Alice Copley, and two or t int ? ynooj« 'una. wer« de el red wroii^ mid Inn, ft ie, il s . \vhll»t Scnisun. ?<|inrt«tu.iii. Vmiiy, ,>iir|iiice, Piiidni aiol Vnliui- | teer rna« lim Melier '-noni'the tust two or thieu days lt «na difh. u't. Inrr -vor, to get immy lint«, there being on tho wh ile " grunt cry and little wool," or us Paddy «ny«, " muuli blather and little do." The huríes 1 havo namoi] woro na under 1 Draper's Purse- Sportsman, liron»eVJ¡»g. TmdesmoD's Purse-£.i>ufcnaat, Jack (Shep W. Handicap- Plover. Saw inn. | Prince of Wale«-. Volunteer. Patita. I Tallyho- Clementina. (/J. Sultan. i And though tame ^ny doubt, this.li«t, " black and white.'! will prove that'.roy prophecy would nut hare disgraced its author. .". ' " 