Random Readings. Temperance and St'eno'h'.-Mr Silk Duck* Ingham, In lill lecture- on teetotalism, says ..' Among tho Arabs, tho Persians, nnJ tho Turks, Toil clo not meet with such pale, wan, sicklr lo.iking countenance*; thoir .complexions aro bright and florid, they ure strone nnd vigorous, nblo to ri il o a hundred miles a day, and capable of performing feats which our professed athletic would not ho able to do. I remomher seeing a most striking inslniico of their powers. A band ' of men from tho Himalayan mountains had come to Calcutta for tho purposo of exhibiting feats of strength, nnd they wero. Indeed, porfect Sam- sons. Their size struck mo with admiration. I know nothing that I can compare to thom; but porhnp. somo nf you have seen tho statue at thc hn'toui of the stairs nt Somcrset-houso - ills Hercules leaning on his club, is about seven foet liigh.nnd looking lit o a being capable of execut- ing tho molt difficult task-and such men woro these athletes. Wo selected fivo mon on hoard the Glasgow frigate, a similar number from ono of tho rogimcnts, and likowiso from an India- man, all (ino pinked men, and yet upon a trial bf strongth it was found thnt tho Ilymnlayn mountaineers woro equal to two , and three quarters'of tho strongest Europeans. They could gr.i>p r man and hold him in tho nir like a child, and if they had not boon under control, I tim convinced thoy could hnvo crushed him to death. I felt thom, and 1 never folt such flesh in my life-it appeared rolls of muscio ; and 'Jet none of these mon had ever tasted spirits. I do not say that drinking water was tho causo 'of this, hut it servos to prove that abstinence from intoxicating drinks ls pcrfcntnbly compatible with tho possession of great bodily power.*' A Character nnd no Atlttnkt.-A Sunday pnprr commences a review nf Honan'"* Adven tvrrt of Our Own Corretponilrnt in Italy," I with " Glorious, grevr, gay, clever, daring, In- triguing, romantic, cute, business-like, deceiv- ing, tru(h-telling,rgotistieol,bragging, modest, blarneying, bullying, impudent, gentlemanly, romantic, plodding, dashing, ubiquitous, warm- hearted, generous, woman (en gros) adoring Michael Burke Honan ! You are in ability the Gil Blas and Scipio of foreign correspondents, but far beyond them in honesty of purpose, irrefragible resolution, and cheerful courage. Gropers Hm) others who srll marmalade are in the habit of staling, ns sn additional recommen- dation of the commodity, thnt lt is an exuellrnt ' substitute for butter. 'An old woman purchased tone, believing It to possess alt the properties of buller. Some lime afterwards she called on the dealer, and said she had been Imposed on. " na It was nae substitute for butter at a', for »he had tried to fry fish In't, and they were burned 'io a cinder." Piofenor Barnes, one of the American " spiri- tual»," says (on thc authority nf a message I rom the Unseen word), that Sir John Franklin will eome out through Behring's Straits next Decem- ber. ,. Aunt Utily on Matrimony.-Now, girls. (.It) Aunt Hf I ly, put down your embroidery in il wonted work, do something sensible. And itop building ntr caille* and miking of loton and honeymoons; tl makes mo' sick, tl's perfectly antimonial. 'Love ii a farce ; matrimony li a humbug; husbands are domrstic Napoleons. Heroes, Alexanders, Rlghing for other hearts to conquer after they are sure of yours. The honey morin ts as short livid as a lucifer match ; wftei that you may wear your wtddlng il reis at the wash-tab, and yuur night- cap to meeting, and your husband won't know lt. You may pick up your own poeki t-handkerclurf, help yourself to II chair, nnd split your gown across the back reaching over the table to got a piree of butter, while lie ls laying in his breakfast as if it was the last meal he should eat In this world ; when he gets through he will aid your digestion, while you tire sipping youi firs' eup of rnAVe, by inquiring what you'll have for dinner, whether the enid lamb was all ate yesterday ; if the charcoal is »ll nut, and what you gave for the la-t gnen tea you bought. Then he gets up fiom ilie table, lights his'cigar with the lan evening's paper that you have not had a chance tn 11 ail, g ¡vi s two ur. three whiffs nf smokey sure to give you a headache for the after noon, and just HS lil«' coat tails are vanishing through the door, apologises fur, not doing that errand for y ou yr »ti i dny .thinks it dotihlful if he can to-day, -so pressed with business. Il-ar of him MI elevon u'elnrk taking an ire cream with some ladies al Vinlwn's.. While you sro at home new linlii,; his coat sleeves. Children by the ears all day ; can't get nut tn take the air | feel as ctaay BS « fly In a drum ; husband comes home at night, nods a " how d'ye do, Fan f" boxes Char- ley's esra, stands little Fanny in thr unrner, sits down In thn easiest chair in the warmest Coi her", ?puts lils feet up over the grate, shutting out all tlie fire, while the baby's little pug nose grows, blue with tho cold, reads the newspaper all io himself, solaces hit inner man willi'» hot cup ot tra, and. just ns .you are labouring un der.-j li* hallucination that he will ask you to;UV«,'«v mouthful of fresh' air. willi .him, hi pills OH:1IIS' Uresilng- gowh and slippers, and begins'to reckon up the family expéi'iies, after which lie hes dnwn . .on the sofn, mid you keep tiros with your ntrd e, ' Willie he snoies till nine o'clock. Next morning nik him to leave you ' a little'tnoney,' ho looks at you ns if lo be sure that you sra Iii your'rig ht mind, draws a sigh long enough "and ? streng eliougli to inflate a pMr of bellow», Bnd asks you ?' what yoU watit with it, and If haif a Uoll¿| won't db.' Gracious king' ! 'ni ii these little slides, arid 'stockings, and petticoats'could be Iud for hilf a "dollar ! Oh, gir ls I set your affectiona on cktsi. < Voôdles,' -'nar roister' "lap 'dog's; ' hut let matri-' inbfiy; alon*, * Jt't Vii liardesl Wily on rnrili of ?'getting a '.living-yoo nev«r fc'n'ow when ymir wdrk is dnno "Up. Thltik of' tarrying eight or nine chlldrrh lliroUg'l) <{|is *me*sles, chicken pox, rash, mumps, anil scarlet' fever, some-of ' »rn twice over t Jl/Jokes my bend ache tu think ofJt. Oh,you nilly scrimp nnd save,'arid twist and turn and dig and drive nnd,«çt)npmi)iii» and die» nud your husband will .' m,ftny ngiiiu, nnd lake what you have, saved lo dr^s's ^^s second wife with, and she'll luke your .pWtralt fór'n fire board, bul whal's the uss of talkingf , I'll warrant. «Very one of you'll try il, the first ehsnes^youfget, there's a sort of bewltchme nt"nboul il, somehow. 1 wish one half rofllle. world^wsten't riiolsanftt'ollirr halt Idiot» ; 1 do, ch, dtar ;-American Bf lp' Uranch. k \VIi«t three letters*of'th* alphabet are like'a -«un¿J.eowp-.'Du you git* U ujpP^-A FR .'. Sirij/úlár" Lift ". Af lurline*. Speculation. Towards the close of the last Century, two gentle- men, on« a clergyman, Dim aged, «boat thirty year« willie klfotllng through the »'reell r.f landon, entered a (.¡fe Assurance Office, and inquired upon «hut term« their, joint lier« could be Insured for the »um of ¿£30,000, to be payable only In the event of either of the assured arriving nt ihr* venerable age of ninety. So singular a prnpoial was at first treated HS a julie ; buta pledge being given to the contrary, the two frends j wore directed to call again, and, in til« mun ' while, the actuary would be consulted, as the (nbles of (he office were not calculated ta such an i extent. At the appointed time they returned, I snd were informed that the terms would be one thousand pounds deposit, and an annual premium of five pounds. The cunditions wero accepted, i the policy duly prepared, and the payments I made with regularity. Time wore on, and 1'Ofnre the expiration of tho allotted period one of the friends sunk into the grave ; the clergyman, I however, survived, and as year alter year rolled I round, he was left in robust health and in the -ctlve discharge of the varied duties of a j Christian minister. At length the long-lu'oked ! for period arrived, and with the year that has Í passed away, the venerable clergyman completed his ninetieth year, and claimed the reward of his patient endurance. The demand lipon the office «as honourably met, and the subject of this extraordinary nuilee, we are informed, still live« hale li erect, in a rural district not fir from the geest capital, with a fair prospect of enjoying with his family fer sometime lo come, his sample and singularly acquired fortune. - London Paper. The Americans never do anything hy halves. Th« corresi ondent of the Journal af Commerce commences bis description of a fire at Houlton I with, " Houlion,' June 7th. We »re all in I ashes." Tom Moore : hie Monument and hit Memoir, -The Irish subscription towards the monument amounts to £1,100. The London committee are still procuring subscriptions. Lord John Rus- sell ls in accordance with the poet's will, to edit the manuscript memoir which he has left of his own life. Messrs. Langman have agreed to pay Mrs. Moore £3.000 for. the copy-right, and the first voluni? is expected to be nut in October. Sly ht and Hearing.- Philosophers say that shuning the eyes makes thc sense of hearing mi.re acute. A «ag suggests that this accounts for the many closed eyes that are' seen In' our churches every Sunday.- Leeds Mercury A medical man was employed by a labourer to' attend his wife during her illness. The doctor hinted (according to tho custom of such good folk«) his fear of not being ultimately remu- nerated for his trouble. " I've £6," said the poor fehow, .. and if you kill or cute, you shall ¡mee 'em." The poor woman died under the' doctor'a hands (it may be charitable to add that she would have done so without his help), and after a reasonable time had elapsed. Bolus called for his £5. The min put the following question* to bimi-" Did vnu kill my wife I" " No !'* was the reply. "Did you care her P" ,' No ¡"again. "Then," said the disconsolate,' " you have no legal demand." An American paper speaks of a horse turned ut on Tremont-road a short time since, so poor that his owner had to cover him willi a blanket to keep the wind from blowing the grass out through his ribs I When he died, li» was so light that the blanket, not knowing he was gone, remained suspended in mid air. The Ghost of a " Fait " Man.-" You re« collect how I used (o kill them t how I sang, drank, danced, and supped all night long, and I then slept and soda watered It all day ? You remember what a happy fellow 1 seemed. Fools like yourself, thought I was to ; hut I say again, I wasn't," growled the vulce. " Often and often 1 would hare given the world to have bern a morket-gnrdrner or a dealer in chick-weed .while t roaring'He ia a jolly good fi Ho*,' and ' We I won't go home till morning !'as I emerged willi a group from some tavern Into Covent Carden market. _ But I'm punished fearfully for my sins now. What do you think is now marked nut ns I my dreadful punishment ? I'm condemned tu rush about from one evening party and public house tn another. Al the foi mer I am hound f..r a eenuin term on each night to dance all th» quadrilles, and a few of thc polkas and wallies willi clumsy partners ; abd then I have tn tat .tale pastry and tough poultry before I um let off ; from thai place. Afterwards I sm bound to gu tu some cellar ur singing place tu listen to ' Hail smiling mora,' ' Mynheer Van Dunk,' . The monks of old,'' Happy Und," imitations of the landon actors, und to bear a whole canto of : dreary rxtempiiro verses. I must also smoke a doxen of cigars, knowing-a« in any present condition 1 must know- what they are rOHile of. The «hui» to rmi on radi night with unlimited brandy (British) and water, «nd eternal intoxi- cation." Howth* Tower it locked np Nightly.-The ceremony of lucking up ls very ancient, curious, and stately. A fete minutes before the clock strikes the hour of eleven-on Tuesdays and Fridays twelve-the beid wurden (Yeoman Pol'ter),''clothed In a long' red cloak, bearing In his hand a huge bunch ol keys, and attended by a brother warden, carrying a gigantic Untern, appears In front of the main gutrd-liouse, and calls out in a loud volco, " Escort keys I ** At these words the Sergeant of the Guard, willi five or six men, turns out and follows him to tht " Spur," Or outer gale, each sentry challenging as they pairs 'his post, " Who goes there ?" " Keys.'' The-gatrs being carefully locked and bm re-'-the warden westing as solemn an aspect and making as much noise at possible-the pro- cession returns, the sentries exacting the same explanation, anti receiving the same .answer as before. Arrived once moro in f rb tit of the main guird-housr, tilts sentry there gives a loud stamp with his tout, and the foll iw'ing conversa- tion takes place between him and the approach- ing party s-"Who goes there!" "Keys." "Whose keys P*' "Queen. Victoria's keys." " Advance Qiieen Vitoria's keys, and ali's well." The Yeoman Porter then exclaims, " God bless Queen Victoria." The main guard devoutly respond '. Amen," The officer on duty gives the word. " Pistent Ai mt I" the fiitloekt rattle ; the officer bitte* the hilt of hit sword; the escort lull in among their com- panion i ; and the .Yeoman Porter marches ma- jestically arron th» parade alone to deposit the keys In the Lieutenant's lodgings. The cere- mony over, not only lt all egress .and ingress totally precluded, bat 'even within th» walls no one can stir without being furniihed with the countenign ¡ and any one »ho, unhappily for gilful, ventures from his quarters unprovided with this talisman, ls iure to be msde tit» prey of the first sentinel whose post he crosses. All ol .which lt pleasantly absurd, and reminds us of the stately manner In which th» crown was, ?carried about, when the Whit« Tower wai 'on Arr. \- Oicken't 'Household Words. Every Day Absurdities,-to attempt to -borrow money on thc plea of extreme poverty.-- ' . To'ask a wine merchant how old hit wine lt. ' To, loi»impney on horie-iacln'g, and then lote yoifr. templé-To get tljity. and complain bf a 'headache next morning.-To eat a hearty din» ? rirr'of Rib and call il tasting.-Not to go tit bed »hen you ara tired and sleepy .because it ls I "not bed-time.. To render a mari a service volun- tarily and expect lum to be gratef ul for it. : ! j All people 'find .fault with Ibeir memory-but' few accuse ilièirjuilgrntnL . i ... ll ? .? i ? ' - ? -i ?? -_-_ 