THE ^BEAUTIES OF A STATE CHURCH. It is said that ' open confession is good for the soul.' If so, the open confession made by the present Archbishop of Canterbury of the entire dependence of the Anglican Bishops on the Queen for ' Jurisdiction,' even in|the small matter of ' assembling a Synod' for the purpose of regulating mere questions of discipline, may do some good, by opening the -eyes of the conscientious members of the Church of England as by law established, to the true character of that Church. It is, in fact, a mere piece of state machinery — it receives its existence, it lives and moves and has its being, from. the 'fiat' or the will of the state, as much as the Cus toms, Ordinance, or any other Department of the State. It cannot move an inch or perform a single act of its own, without having first received the word of command from some Minister of State, or some red tape official. How are the mighty fallen ! How would the spirits of the high-minded and Apostolic men who founded and suc cessively filled the See of Canterbury — such as St. Augustin, St. Thomas h Beckett, St. Anselam, &c; , weep, if weeping could take place in Heaven, on beholding a reputed successor and Archbishop of Caqterbury .officially declare that the Queen's supremacy stands in the way of ' issuing a synodical mandate or even the assembling of a Synod !' It is admitted that the Anglican Bishops in Australia labour under great inconvenience with regard to the discipline or ecclesiasti cal government of the congregations and clergy placed under their episcopal charge, and yet they cannot even convene a Synod to devise a remedy for this acknowledged evil, without encroaching on the Queen's supremacy. And again the ecclesiastical officers of the Crown, with the Colonial Secretary at their head, will not consider what is best to be done to help the Colonial Bishops in their difficulties, until these said Colonial Bishops hit upon (( some scheme' to be laid before the said Colonial Secretary and the ecclesiastical officers of the Crown for their consideration. How in the name of common sense can the Colonial Bishops devise any such scheme or plan for the re moval of the evils under which their churches labour, unless they assemble in canonical Synod ? Thus they are placed in a complete ' fix' in- virtue of the Queen's supremacy— they cannot move of themselves without the Queen's orders, and these orders will not be given until they lay a plan before the Se I cretary of State, which plau cannot be de vised or matured canon ically, except in a ? l _ _ 0 ? j -P 'o? l. ? mi ? i ? i ? **C regular oyuuu oi JDisnops. xne ueauty ui a State Church was never held up to public admiration, or condemnation, in so striking a light, as that in which his Grace of Can terbury (Dr. Sumner) has exhibited it, when writing an official letter from his Palace at Lambeth, on the memorable* 4th of July, 1851, condemnatory of the ' Minutes' I agreed to by the Anglican Bishops of the Province of Australia assembled at Sydney in October 1850 ! Every child who is able to read the New Testament must know that Christ built his Church on St. Peter, and constituted him and the other Apostles the only foundation of his Church,-T-that the Divine Head of the Church — Christ himself — declared that his ' Kingdom or Church was not of this world' — that an inspired Apostle most distinctly asserts that ' The Holy Ghost hath placed Bishops (not Kings, Queens,. or Princes) to rule the Church of God ;' yet notwithstanding these positive proofs found in the word of God, the. present legal occu pant of the Archiepiscopal See of Canterbury — the reputed Primate of the Anglican Church, boldly proclaims to his Australian fellow Bishops of the Established Church of England, that they have no power or juris diction to assemble in Synod, without the sanction and direction of one, who though most amiable and virtuous in private life, and.most exalted and supreme in power and pre-eminence, as our gracious Sovereign, is yet such a one, being a woman, on whom St. Paul, the great Apostle of Nations, would impose silence in the Church ! After this we should think that no member of the Church of England will ever more claim an affinity, or attempt to compare his Church i with the Primitive Church of the first three centuries,, and to which Primitive Church i they would fain point, as to the model and prototype of their boasted 'reformed ' Church of England. Tn'*order to open the eyes of the sincere and well-meaning members of the Anglican communion on this point, we would respect fully beg of them to look carefully into the history of the Christian Church for the three first centuries, and to find out, if they can, the names of the Kings or Queens by whose authority or jurisdiction the several Synods, either provincial or national, were convened, during these glorious ages of the Church. During that period of Church history up to |the year 325 no less than thirty-seven Episcopal Synods were held in various parts of the Christian world for the condemnation of heresies or the regulation of ecclesiastical discipline, and yet during all that time we have no account of the ex istence of a single Christian King or Queen, much less of their 'pretension' to jurisdic tion in spiritual matters over those 'whom the Holy Ghost hath placed, to rule the Church of God.' So much for the beauty of a State Church, and for the crouching sycophancy of Dr. Sumnerto thepowersthat be— enslaving the freedom and spiritual independence of the Christian Church to the Princes of this world, and making the Spouse of Christ a mere state puppet or a tool in the hands of crafty politicians for the advancement of their own worldly purposes. 