ARMIDALE I (From the Maitland Mercury, August 25.) I MURDER UV TUB ISLAOKS.-Un July 2Qth Ellon Sullivan, tho wile of ono of Mp. Walker's shepherds, bf Aberfoil, left her statu n tb proceed to the head station, a distance of about s miles, for obtaining some stores'. '-She left the store, to return about an hour before sundown, undana bot afterwards heard,of uutil. the,9.th.of this! mpytli, although the 'most diligent senroh. was ^ninde towards her recovery, .information was givon.oii tho 10th, to tho police'authorities!of this 'p]¿e,' that the lifeless'body-bad been'found, within about CO or 70 yards from the ,road, and 4 mils, from her. hut. * Upon receiving; ¡the i.nlbrinatíh». Dr. Markham; and our very active:' chief constable/ Mr. Bradshaw, accompanied by a black boy, pro- ceeded to the se.ene'of this dreadful, tragedy, for thc purpose of investigating tho matter. They found that the body had been removed to tin head station, ind on examination Dr. Markham pronounced the cause of. death to be u ivotiml in lliotcd by a'spear, entering the throat,' dividin» the jugular vein, and terminating in the palate" thc 'bend was also-fearfully, .mangled bv cub/ apparently those of. a .tomakawk. This poor creature,'.whoso -chief offence was a general anti' pat hy toward the - blacks, ? . has now suffered a violent andcru.il ' death at ?. their -, hands, through a . spirit 1 of revonge, leaving a husband and family or sit children to lament their untimely bereavement. Tho domesticated blacks assert that tho murder was committed, by two of the Clarence tribe, known by the names of Jemmy and (Jharley, hut thero is no certainty of such being tho casu, Td» chief constable, with n mounted policeman, nn.il the black boy already mentioned, pursued tim suspected blacks ns fir as practicable, but nore compelled to leturu, iu consequence of'th» weather Doing so boisterous os to render further searoh impossible. THE WEATHER.-Tho "weather has been/ex.. tremely rough duriu<r the hist fortnight; "mia rain, rain ; snow,'snow, snow ; wind, wind, wind has been our lot, and it requires sonto philosophy to refrain from-our English privilege of gnuij bling incontinently. I hope, huwever, that tile sharp frosty nights whioh wo have' hud fur.(lor last 48 hour's will give us a glimpse of til», sun for a few hours in tho mid- day..,. .. TUB SEPARATIO* ÄNU THO TRANSPOBTATJ'OS PETITION.-The petitiou for tho . separation of New England' from * tho Middle District;" and junction with Moreton Bay,, has been again. taken about the town" for tho purpose of. gaining signatures; but I hm happy in believing that when prosentcd to the Council (if ever it readies that singe),, some honourable and facetious men'- . ber will propose that it be laid under tho table, and thc consideration be postponed ad infinitum. For 1 think that after all the influential persua- sion's that havo becn'uscd towards its success,' it will only provo the'ghost of n petition, and be very properly repudiated by every right thinking man who,wishes, to live amidst ncom- munity whero crime is as little known its pos- sible, considering ' tho general frailty of tho human race. I'havo no doubt that thc govern- ment nt home; whether it. be Whig, Tory, or Radical, will with the groa test, pleasure necom-, module thc New Englaiid squatters with as many felons as they ask for; nay, I even think that philanthropy only will carry the Home Govern- ment so far us tô double or treble thc number prayed for. But I must lay myself open to the ehargo of want of faith when" I state, as my creed, that 1 do not believe they will give us a single virtuous and unstained emigrant to counter- balance tho amount of vice with which they will so Generously supply us. THE M Auls.-The continued wet weather ive havo had boro has again quita stopped ull postal communication.' - No mail from Turnworth has reached this siucc tbs 4th instant, and the latest news from either Sydney or Maitland is Saturday, tho 31 st ultimo. Consequently the mu i I which loft hero for the northward yesterday morning did hot take a single newspaper. The M'DutiiiM and Peol Hivers ara said to havo beon iiiutiing I bank high for tho last fortnight. As til« weather ' appears now to' havo clcurcd np, I hupe wp liniy again have tho mails with moro regularity, ,1(,,r; ANOTHER SI'LKNIHD NUGGET.-Ou Siiturdny-wci wera shown another splendid nugget, from tho Louisa Crook, weighing 89 ounces 7, dwtsv ft, wai got 011 tho 4th August, in a hole worked 'by a party of two, William Whcoler and Robert Shep., nerd, in a dry gully about a quarter ol' a mile from thc Quartz Company's wot ks; and other small nuggets, and gold of a nuggety character, was got out of tho same bolo by tho fortunato discoverers, who had been digging on the creel; for many mouths previously, and, making fair, wages. "Tho gold in tho large nugget is light coloured, anil very beautiful ; tho quartz it.«uiir, ., tains is considerable, porhaps making up tho odd ounces, and is . mostly of a light, colour, ami clouded. It. would bo a splendid specimen fur any museum, and is by far tho . finest ona t.hat J has reached Maitland. Messrs.' Wheeler ,uiid_ Shepherd report that there bud boen, so' iiiïiélf I rain on tho Louisa that many ol' the diggers were leaving, disheartenea ; . but' many.vero ? making good wages nevertheless.' "Tho 40 omieo nuggi'l . brought down recently by Mr..Cannon wiiB.gotm ; Mie mime neighbourhood. -Maitland; Mmunji j August 25. i . ... ..?.><!. 