THE EXCHANGE MUDDLE. FEW discussions, during the past session, have been so seriously damaging to our helpless and incapable ghost of an Executive, as that consequent upon the discovery that they had actually been remitting home scores of thousands of pounds of the public funds of the Colony at par, for month after month, when the exchanges had varied from two to ten per cent in their favor. Any gentleman who saw as we did, the look of blissful unconsciousness of the Auditor-General, when first catechised upon the subject, and heard his naive confession that he did not know anything about it, would fancy that he of all people was innocent of this shameful muddling away of thousands of the people's money To such persons wa commend the. careful perusal of the following disgraceful expose, which has just been laid upon the Council table ; and we leave the public to draw its own conclusions as to (lie actual cost to the community of a conceited coxcomb, who, busying himself in obtruding his meddling officiousnesfinto every branch of the public service, so scandalously mismanages the one department which ought to be his especial care. And this is the sort of thing that the) talk of converting into a Colonial Secretary. If he were the cashier of a merchant he would for such neglect be sent iguominiou.-ly about his busines'. IMMIG11A.TION REMITTANCES. No 11. AuJ.it Office, Melbourne, Cth September, 1851 Sir,— \s it will he necessary almost immediately to male; remittances to England, on account of Land and Immigration, for the past months of July and August. 1 do myself the honor to briog under the notice of Ilis lixcellercy the Jji"utenant-Govcrn>r, the propriety of instructing the Honorable the '..'olouial Treasurer to make arrangements with the throe Local Banks, to grant their drafts on Kngland at )>ar, whenever they may be required for the Government, and .to do all other banking business for this Government without charge. I have' he honor to be, Sir, Ytur most o Signed. C. H. Auditor-General. EBDEN, The Honorable the Colonial Secretary, &c;, fee. 51 | "57C. Col-.: ial Secretary's Office. Melbourne, 8th September, 1851. Sir,—I have the honor to annex copy of a letter from the. Aiulitor- Gtncral. relative to the necessity of inakinjt arranjremen.t* with the Local Hanks, to yrant Drains on England at par—for such sums as the Government, may require from tir.-e to time to l-i-init for vlic public service; and also to conduct all other iiankiiig bn-iness for the Ooversnr-ont without charge In conveyjiw to you His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor's'instructions to curry this into elfect, it may be proper to remark, that- an arranjremfiil oi'ilii.-; nature iias for Ion-111 of time been in cxistcncc be two en the Cioven.nient and the Kanks, and it is conceived there vili 1 e no objection on the part of the latter to coiitimi:; t. I have the honor to be, Sir. Your most obedient servant, (Signed) The Honorable the Colonial Treaiuror, Melbourne. Ne. 122.1 It Coloni.il Treasury, Melbourne, IStii Sopt nilv.-r. 18-51. Sir,— T have the honor to requost that you will have, the gooilne.ss to communicate to ma at your early convenience. for the information of (lis Excellency the Lii-utc-nant-Oovernor. if Ihe fulknviiij: arrangements will be consistent with the business of the Union Bank of AuMr:<li.i. 1st. To srrant- Drafts on Kngland at >>'ir, for such stuns as the Government may require from time to time to remit for the public svrvico. and 2i:.!. To conduct all other Hanking business for the Government without charge. I am aware that an arrangement of this nature ha« for a length of time I.km-.u in existence, nor doe.- 1 the Government at all aatieipate that there will he any- objection on the part of the Banks to its continnan-e. it has howvwr br-en deemed expedient, und-.-r the altered aus'iii-.e* of tin* Colony, that there should he a mnev.-ed uniieivtnncnn* on the .-u'-jc-ct, carrying with it the advantage of a uniform system. 1 have the honor to be, Sir. Tour moit ohedienl servant.. (SignedJ" To the Manager Colonial Treasurer. of the Union Bank of Australia. l!:;nk of Xcw South V"a!o.?, Melbourne. Sep! ember |f>th, lx-VI. Rm,—I have the honor l<> f»r the infor nation of Ilis Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, th-it. this Bank agrees to transact the Im-ine.-:-: of the Victoria Oovernminit on the terms proposed in your letter of 12th inst, viz— 1st. to -trant. lh-r.fis on Knjjland at par, for such sums as Ihe ('owrnnient-may n-:|!v.i-«! from tim • r» time for tl'.e public service; and 2n.lly, to con.hn-t all other Banking business tbr the Government without charge. I have the honor to be ^ir. Your obedient servant, (Signed) The lion the Colonial Treasurer, Melbo irae. Manager. Bank of Australasia. Melbourne, Victoria, September 17. ISol. Sir—I have the honor to acknowledge the r.-cci|»t ofvonr letter of th-' J-'tli in-tant. re<|U-.->ting io he informed whether it will he eonswteiit with the business of this Bank to grant Orjfrs at jiar on Kngl-md for Mich sums as tl.e Governim-sit m.*y require, from time to time, to remit for the public service, and 1»cmvlwtt all other banking business for t-lie Coverninent without charirc. As >t is nccessai-y l-v the rcgu'ations of thi< l?ank to r-fer all matters involving a il.-p-irturo from our eiirr-nt rates of hiiMne<s. to'he priii'-ipal o.'fi -or in Ihe Co'onic-i. who W now in Sylney. I am under the iiwvs.-itc of deferring mv final reply to vonr communication until 1 maki! >u.:h reference, which 1 sdiall immediately do, and acquaint you of the result-, 1 am, Sir, Your obedient servant, Signed, Manager. The Honorable the Colonial Treasurer. Bank of Au-tralisH. Melbourne, O-fober !»::rd. 1*">1. Sir,—Willircf.-rcnce to vour le'.ti-rto moot'the 1-Jth ultimo, and to the .•onversntion- t.lr.it have passed Iwtwoen ns on the subject of the Banking business of thefiovernment. I h ive now much pleasure in stating that this V.ank will as heretofore continue to tran-eiet all the Local business of the Government without c-hargo; And ill also iinderfak- to i<sue. Drafts a' ;»:>• on London or anv of iis Bi-anchos. for an amount not exceeding in imvoim Quarter Twenty-live thousand pounds sterling. II being undersloo:! that thc<e terms and conditions may be cauccllcd on a 12 months notice. T am. Sir, Your obedient servant, Signed The Honorable the Colonial Treasurer. .Manager. Union Bank of Australia. Melbourne, Octoher -27th, 1>5S1. Sir.—On the. I7lh nit I had the pleasure to acknowledge receipt of your favor of the 12th nltimo-in rc«pect to the terms upon which thi-! Bank would be willing to transact the business of the Government. and tho following arrangement 1 trust will meet the requirements of the case, viz:— Drafts on branches to he issued as heretoforer/Owr. And Drafts on London Oilicc t.o be issued likewise at itar, providing the. sum should not exceed .£20.000 sterling, in any Hue" successive months, except with the concurrence of the Bank. This arrangement to be terminable only by notice of twelve months. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, (Signed) Manager. The Honorable the Colonial Treasurer. 171 | R. Colonial Treasury, Melbourne, 6th November, Ifiol. Si*,—I have the honor to inform yon. with reference to your communication of the 27th ultimo, that. Ilis livceltency the Lieutenant-Governor considers the. proposed arrangemcut to be perfectly satisfactory. I have the honor to be, Sir. Your most obedient servant, CSigned) Colonial Treasurer. The Manager of t.he.TTnio i Bank of Australia, Melbourne. We shall have more to say upon this most disgraceful case. bedient servant. W. LONSDALE. A. MAI KKNZIK. C. S. VALLACK. D. C. M'AUTFTUR, JD. C. M'.V UTllUlt, C. BRADSTTAW, A. MACKKNZfE, 