_A2í TI-TR AJiÄrORT ATÍ QN;> t !l< íj-|1u rnoji-p ' i . I I i '??'.< '.(,' . - T-US;:0%¿T, LEAGUE MEETING, TliB great mBoting-of tho members of tko Aus- tralasian League, and Colonists of New South Wales generally, convened for, the nurpoao of Tnliingïntô consideration' Earl Grey's determina-: tion to continue transportation to Van Diemen's "Land, as avowed by him to the Victoria Delegnto, Mr. King, and to adopt an address.to the people of that colony, espressivo ot tho continued in- terest and sympathy of this colony, tool; pince on Tuesday evening, at Malcoiu's Circus, York street. , " . Tho "President: of tho League,. Mr. CIIAKI,ES ' COWPEÛÎTII.L.C., "occupied tho Chnir. The atten- dance, ns stated in our yesterday's issue, Was highly respectable, and numbered between 1500 and 2000 persons. The CH.UHUAN, wliowns received with . enthu- siastic cheers, in opening the business ol'tho even- ing, road the advertisement calling the meeting, And stated that most opportunely fur its object, a'highly important document had that day been received overland from Port Phillip. It was nn authentic report by Mr. King, tho Victoria Delegate,'oorreoted hy Earl Grey himself, of what took pince between the Secretary for the Colonies ,and Mr. King, on the subject "of transportation." It was a most interesting document, and would aid them materially in discussing tho question . before them. Ho would therefore call upon the worthy Secretary, Mr.Wright, to re.ad the report, before proceeding with the business of the even- ing. (Cheers ) . , ,0 .-..?< Tie SBCBETATIY, who was warmly received,then read the document referred to, which was beard with strong' marks of disapprobation. [The minutc,'it will bo remembered was published in our issue of yesterdov.] ; ' Tho CHAIRMAN: All mustagree with him tliat't wns most fortunate that this document bad come to hand at so critical and appropriate a period. It was brought by a fast vessel to Van Diemen's Land, forwarded by tho mails, and. had come in most fortunately. At first he had some difficulty in making up Jiis mind as to what'they had to complain of in tho interview of Euri Grey with Mr. Kin«', the delegate of tho Longue from Vio toriiii Tho despatch from London was short, in order to be in time for the post, and consequently did not givo enough information. Mow, however, they were acquainted with what had passed on that occasion, and there could not be two opinions amongst them respecting this important Uocu. ment. Tho Council of the League would assembly in a few duya in Hobart Town, and the hearty expression of their sympathy, of thnt meeting would lend an additional lustre to their cause, and cheer and encourage their suffering broth rou in Vim Dicmen's Land, by showing that the people of - New South Wales were willing to join them in fighting the battle of anti transportation. (Cheers.) Ho said fight the battle, for ho was almost inclined to think thnt tliey must give over petitioning and remonstrat- ing, and adopt a different tone upon this subject. (Qreat applause.) He did not like the word fight, hut if the necessity was thrust upon them,. the fault would not rest with them. They had much to encourage them in the success of their past, efforts. Tho Order converting this colony again, into a penal settlement had been repealed. Though some ninongst them wcro enemies to the cause, their principles were gaining more, strength, and many who had hitherto kept aloof fi oin the anti-transportation oauso wcro joining in it. Ho liad been highly gratified to soc tho noble and powerful manner in which.tho British Press had taken up their cause of late, and that although some of the English journals were for- merly in favour of-transportation, yet they hod lately advocated their cause, and called upon the Government not to make a cesspool of tho colonies. The colonies had powerful friends mid advocates in the mother country, both in Parlia- ment and in the country,' who would lend us their assistance in every way likely to ensure success. With those gentlemen .they of the Longue kept up a regular correspondence, and by this means were able to influence not only Lord Grey, but tho inhabitants of Great Britain also. If it was found that tho punishment of .trans* portation to these colonies, encouraged instead of prevented the commission of crime in tho mother country, they would have tho best possible argu- ment against the persisting in a policy which would injure the na-ion instead of benefiting it. . They hud the Logislaturcs of nil tho colonies with thora in' thoir struggle against this system. If Karl'Grey really itesired to be acquainted with the deliberate opinions of tho colonies, he would not long bo kept in ignorance ol' them, if they had not already reached him. Dut if, in spite of all, ho would still persist in a policy which they believed and knew was most prejudicial to tho colonies, and subversive of their best interests, there Was a loyalty superior to what was due to tho Crown-tho loyalty they owed to their wives and their children. (Groat applause.) In à few days he would bo in Van Dicmcn's Laud, and he would have tho high gratification of con- veying to the members of tho Legislative Counoil there, that Assembly's hearty approbation of their, noble conduct. Before calling upon the gontlc mon to move the resolutions, he begged to state, thnt with a view of getting as powerful a de- monstration as possible on that occasion, he had addressed the following letter to several mombers of the Legislative Council, and ho would read some of tho answers ho had received : corr ciHuuiiAH. Sydnoy, 20th Mnroh, 1852. ' Sir-Tho communications recently received by tlie friends of the Anti- Transportation onuso in tho colony from their English correspondents, having, inthoir judgment, rendered it incumbent on them immediately to oall n public meeting of thc colonists, to consider what further steps should bo taken, in order to .show their resoluto deter- mination to opposo the influx of convicts amongst us. I venturo to express tho hopo that you will fool it consistent with tho views you entórtalo upon this great question, to take a p.irt in the proceedings of tho public meeting when convened.. Should you ho so disposed, I can assure you that your nttendnnco will be hailed as ,nn accos . sion, and afford' «ratification to thoso who havo associated "themselves together, to protect i tho Australian Colonies from, the injustioo which is now being inflicted upon them by Colonial Ottioo misrule. . I havo, Sir, dsc. .''To-? ; Ho would, first .read: Mr. Wentworth's answer:- ' ' '-?. " " Sydnoy, 1st April, 1812. Sir-I hnvo to state, in roply to yours of tho 20th ultimo,. that'',whenever ..tho conduct of ¿ho Homo Government in.regard to the convict ques- tion shall come before the legislative Council, I shall not fail to redeem avery pledge I have given to my constituents.''' lint I must declino in any " way to identify myself with tho Longue,' or with any proceedings wliioli may bu originated by that body. . ... .... . . . <: ,1 have tho honour to bo.'Sir, , ' Your most obedient humble servant, W. 0.'WENTWORTH. . Churlos Cowpor, Esq;, M.L.O. (Groans). Ho had felt justified in addressing Mr. Wentworth, soliciting his co-operation on tho presont - occasion, remembering tho observa- tions tho honourable member for Sydney hud addressed to his constituents at tho last.election. ' He would read an extract from Mr. Wentworth's speech :- - ? In tho nltorcd condition of things which must bo consequent upon tho great chango .which lins evon now oomtnoncod in tho numbors and ohnrao tor of our population, I think wo aro nt longth, or nt lenst soon shall bo, for tho first timo, in n posi- tion to control tho policy ofthe-CoIoninl Minister, and that if wo havo not already, wo shall very, shortly, havo both moral and physical forco suth-, oiont to eon vinco him, that tho people of those ootonios will no langor allow thom to bo tho ro coptaotos of tho criminals of tho British cmniro, even if that minlstor should bo insano enough to dosiro to continuo his presont polioy. - * * '. I think, it equally duo to my soif ami tho constitu- ency nt largo whose suffrages lam soliciting, to give \- them publicity and to s tn to unequivocally (hat hliall ' in future support, whether l% be in the Legislatures 'or ont of it, every proposition which »hall oppose the revival of transportation in (hit colony under' whatever modification, or which II hall insist upon tu immediate abolition in tho whole of (Aa 'colonies forming the Australian group. I should, indued,. fool.no hesitation in joining in any remonstrance which should havo for its object to dop reen to ' tho formation of any penal colony in tho southern hemisphere, . - ' . TI»*» next-lotter lie would re»! ww from Mr, Donaldson, fäydooy, 30tli March, 1853, Sin-I should Imvo ronlM ot once to your lotter dated 20tb March, ami addressed to me (ns I un- derstand) in youronpnclty of ''President, of tim Australasian Longue," but thnt I was absent from Sydney, to which I only returned to-dny. With every good wish for tho success of the ol»-, joel 'contemplated by tho promoters of tho pro- posed publio meeting, I must docline taking part m its proceedings, for this reason, arnon«; others, that I prefer expressing my opinions. and record- : ingniy vote upon tho Question of Transportation in my placo in tho Legislative Council, "I have tho honour to be. Sir, . . Your most obedient servant. ;" STUART A. DONALDSON. , Charles Cowper, Esq., M.C., dec, Sydney. ] They, would eoe from this, that nlthough Mr. Donaldson had not attended on the present occa- sion, yet h<3 had the interest of the cause at heart. Ile would next read the answer of Mr. Darvall. Sydney, Aprils, 1852. Sin-I havo tho honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the'1st instant, in which you do mo tho honour to invito mc to tnko n part in the proceedings pf, the forthcoming meeting of tho Australasian Longue. In reply, I beg. to say that I deeply regret tho short-sighted-and inju- rious policy of tho Colonial Minister, which' would < force "upon an unwilling colony tho reception of a tainted population. I look upon transportation, < as it was ' matured during tim Utter years of.- its continuance in this colony, 'to liavo been tho most merciful and efficacious system of punishment nnd reformation tluvt has ever been devised ; but. when a largo majority .of tho inhabitants of any penal settlement aro of opinion than they cnn ilia penso with torced labour, I think they aro ontitled to insist that no moro convicts ' should be sent amongst them.' This I believe to be tho oonJition of Yan Piemen's Land,- nnd that groat,misohidf'' inuit ai iso to us out'of tho continuance of an adjacent penni settlement. Transportation' to New South Wales was discontinued nt thu in- stance of a few colonists, bofnro tho public opinion lind been declared unfauournblo to its continu- ance; and nlthough tho present Colonial Minister may, in onler to maintain his consistency, oppose for a littlo while the united wishes of these colo- nies, I feel ussm-ed that tho Imperial Goucniinent will shortly sec tho necessity of neting on tho pru- dent advice of tho local authorities, nnd of com- plying willi the demand pf tho colonists, win lo yet those demands aro moderato, nnd such compliance involves no indignity.. Holding theso opinions, and being pledged to assist in tho suppression of transportation - to theso colonies, I nm . most anxious that every usefulness I may.possess may ho best omployed for my constituents, ami,after inuph consideration, I havo como to tho conclusion that, as' I might, perhaps, not'quito concur with all tho energetic expressions of a publio meeting on this exciting question, it is hotter that I should decline your very courteous invitation, and reservo tho expression of my opinion, and my voto, for tho discussion on this matter which must take place in tho Legislative Council. - , I havo tho honour to remain, Sir, Your very obedient servant,' J. B. DARVALL. Elizaboth-stroet, Gilbert Wright, Esq., Secretary of tho Australasian League ! (Groans.) Ho would next rend the reilly of the Kev. Mr. Beazley, and an excellent letter from Mr, R. M. Robey :- -r Redfern, Mnrch 31, 1852. Sir-I havo duly rend your lotter inviting mo to take part in an Anti- Trnnsportntion. mooting soon to bo held. In reply, I bop to say, that I rejoice to hear thnt such a meeting is projected, and I hope it will produce a deep moral impression, but I regret to add that my professional engage- ments aro so numerous nnd absorbing ns to pre- clude mo from taking any activo part in it. ? I remain, Sir, . Your obedient servant, JOSEPH BEAZLEY. ' G. Wright, Esq. Linthorp, April fl, 1852. -My dear Sir-Tho numerous engagements I havo had to attend to of Into, must bo my apology for not replying earlier to your letters, dated 27th March and 1st instant, .both of which reached mc in duo course, with reference to tho meeting pro-. posed to bo held on Tuesday evening, by tho Australasian Lenguo, to consider Karl, Grey's determination to continue Transportation to Van. Diemon's Land. I regret to say that I shall not' ho aldo to (.ako any part in your proceedings, beyond tho expression of my sincere sympathy for tho Tasmanians. Tho cruelty and abominable injustice of our parental Govoruinont in continuing to curso. Van Diemen's Land by throwing her criminals upon that country, and through Tas- mania upon our own shores nnd those of Vic- toria, is such as to cxcito-fuclings of tho greatest indignation nt such treatment in the minds of all tho settled inhabitants nf theso colonies. lam quito prepared for oro to join any well organised scheme for getting rid of this convict ourso by oyery ? moans in our power. Trusting you may succeed in getting- sonio effective speakers for Tuesday's meeting, and that thc result may bo a\\\ that tho true friends of order could wish, I nm, my dear Sir, \- - .'Your's very truly. . R M. ROBEY. Gilbert Wright, Esq. v Mr. LAMB,,rM.L.C,,' who was received with enthusiastic applause, said, that ho.bad received tho letter from, the Connell of the League re- questing bim to move the first resolution that evening, when nt a considerable distance from Sydney in tho'country, but he had felt it his .duty to comply with the request, even nt some sacrifice of time and convenience. He felt that it was his duty to do so, in return for tho honour, which the citizens of Sydnoy had conferred upon bim by electing him to. the position of their re- presentativo, in tho Legislature.- Although his honourable and learned.colleague,! Mr. Went- worth, had not responded to tho . invitation to be present that evening, yet it was satisfactory to see that his other honourable colleague, Mr, R. Campbell, was there with them. Before going into tho question he would read tho resolution which had been, entrusted to him to move, which was ns follows :-'.'That, so long as Van Diemen's Land continues oppressed by Transportation,: all the other colonies of Australasia aro bound by 'sympathy and generosity, ns well as impelled by sCdf-iiitcrcst, to aid in her deliverance from this clinging curso ; and this meeting solemnly pledges itself to unito with, mid assist the Tus-, maman colonists in their .efforts to obtain its entire abolition.'' At'tor tho speech of their worthy Chairman, it'needed no observations of his to enlist tho sympathies of that meeting'with the people; of Van, Diemon's Lund. .Their inte- rests-were so closely knit with those of the Tas- manians that it was a duly they owed to themselves not to-desert them in the time of need. : They had heard tho letter which had been road giviug^nn account of tho intcrviow of the delegate from Victoria, Mr. ' King, with ' Earl Grey. - Kow it was enough to make them call his Lordship some very ugly names to read such observations from him. Their worthy Chairman said he had his doubts at first whether they could make out a sufficient case against his Lordship fdr their meeting there that evening, but that this'letter,, had furnished grounds sufficient. Now it needed'not this additional proof of Earl Urey's insulting treatment of the colonies to war- rant their assembling there that evening. For years they lind had insult and injury heaped upon them by his Lordship. This was not the first timo Lord Grey hud said that convicts were men of as good character ns the freo immigrants. Every immigrant had a right to complain of this most unjust und insulting remark. What Earl Grey had recorded in that minuto concerning transportation to theso colonies included thone plausible fallacies with which his Lordship had so long hoodwinked tho Imperial Parliament. Ho was satisfied that tho press in the mother country would take up our causo, and that Lord Grey would find we were not to be injured and insulted with impunity. Tho meeting had no doubt gathered from tho newspapers that the Legisla- tura as Vau Diemen's Land had passed a scries of resolutions, repudiating transportation in every shape and form. They hod cast from them ovçry temptation in the shape of cheap roods, 'bridges, and wharves, and said tinmistakeably thst they would have none of the accursed thing.- Ue thought that meeting wes very properly con- vened to express the publio approbation of tho nqblo conduct of tho Toa maniana. Not a single member had bedn otected to tho first Representa- tivo Council in Van Dicuiou's Lund, who had pledged himself to oppose transportation, but had redeemed hie pledge. Ile boped, notwithstanding tho lukewartauees of some of our representatives, that they would redeem the ' pledgee (liny liad givsii to their oonitituwt,, H WM »aid by Iii» learned oollesgu, Uwi sealion that tho time fer petition »od rcioonstmno* H M passing away, und (bat tome more .uer-' {retie means must be adopted for securing atten- tion (o their complaints. Kuri Grey said nmongBt other fallacies, that all, or nearly all thé most respectable inhabitants of Moreton Oar were in- favour of trausporUtion. The bert answer to this was, that all the constituencies of any importance in point of population, had sent antiitiwiKportation members - to- the Conseil, Because some indiyiduu).remotely connected with soma noble house in England, finds that he ami one or two . more: of his class are ¡u favour of trausportntiou,-and writes accordingly to En"* lund, Earl Grey tolls.tifo British Parliament that the whole of tho population is in favour of tran v portntion.' Tho victim of this absurd delusion has suki so so often, that it is probable he at last lins porsuadeil himself that ,it ? is tme; At »nv rate nobody else; believes it. .When, they were lost mit to -discuss this qm£w tión there was n strong opinion prevailing thatttic. gold discovery, would sottie it auj cut tlie Gordian 'knot. Hut, on the. contrary, Lord Grey with extraordinary,-' perversity, consider this discovery as.the strongest pusiible reason fur continuing to send prisoners to the JHriii b colonies.'- The pervcrsitvof this man's disposition was Biioh,athat.whtit ^Strikes ten thousand people in-.biie Way,-striker' his ' Lordship in another di- rectly opposite. ' If .they deter miu ed one tbing-. His''Lordship 'would determine something dif- ferent.' '. This was a toost uuhapny state of things. If by his inisgoverment of tliese colonies hs continued'to exacerbate' the feelings and alienate the adoptions of the colonists, sooner or later . a separation, from f lieY mçther ewuntry would Uk» pince (cries, .of h the- sooner the better"^ For his'own -part,'': he wJub'ed 'to- avert sacha oon tingency. He would rather, see them still ¡it union, with Great liri tain, and cherishing still nil those feelings of loyalty to the Government tvnd good:'fellowship with the people of their mother country. ' The Venerable ' AacHnKtfcOH MCENCROB, iii rising to second tho resolution, was received with Joiid and prolonged cheering.. It was with feel- ings of groat cordiality that he undertook to per- form this duty, and to join with them in expi** ing their condolence with their suffering brethren of Van Diemen'« Lnnd, and firm determinstion to support thom in the struggle in which they were engaged. (Cheers.; The people of Von Diemon's Land might he considered asa part ol themselves, ami it> was a.well-known fact that when one member of the body politic Buffered, tin whole must suffer.* If the people of that colon) suffered from transportation, it followed as » na. turill consequence: that the whole Australian group must, suffer in proportion. (Cheers.), ll was .therefore their imperative duty to take a« noüvo part in the struggle which was now going on. (Cheers,) He confessed it was most sicken- ing, considering'how much'tirae had been spent in the agitation of this question, to be compelled io return to it again. , At first sight it .wonlil appear ns if Earl Grey bad said to'them "tin moro you speak the more I will be obstinate.' (Laughter.) 'One of' the.reason» why he M alway* ndmired the British Constitution'was, thi perfect, freedom of discussion which it perroHM I o all classes of subjects. It wai this freedom of discussion- and agitation-1 which in troublons times noted as the safety-valve of the British Constitution, and by means of which nil great reforms wore effected.. (Cheers.) Hitherto they lind been unsuccessful, although they had repeatedly expressed their opinion both through, their recognised organs and by theron stitutional modcof public discussion. But that wilt no raison - why. they should not ' persevere, for there could be no doubt that. in the end troth and justice must triumph. They should retnem. her; the anecdote in which it was said thats lessoa repented too often: would kill any schoolmaiter. (Laughter.) They had by their own.Menions, I sucoeeded in freeing themselves from direct (rsn^ portation by obtaining the revocation of the Order in Council, but ;,só long as any part of tu* Australian Colonies waVafflicted with theeyjtem they could not . possibly escape uncontaminated. (Cheers.) He .came forward both ns a politician and as a (moralist' of twenty years' expérience among all classes, of eönvicts. - Amongst thus people there wero some the most abandoned, and others perhaps the most virtuous. Hs had '; always treated them well and, therefore, person- ¡ ally lie had' nevor found any reason to complain ; of them ; but speaking as he did, with the know- ; ledge ot'a Christian clergymen of twenty yearns j experience, he would tell Karl- Grey, that not ill ; rtho wûalth of Plutus would compensate thew- j colonies for the infliction hu was about to perpe tuate upon them. (Cheers), lt must be admit« ' ted on all hands that the' colonists knew better wliat would suit them and what would not, than anybody could tell them, mid they hud accord ingly arrived at the opinion that transportation would not suit, and yet Karl Grey persisted in : thrusting it upon them, saying in'almost assisi y words, " Oh, you don't know what's good for yon -you are a set of fools." (Laughter and cheers.) 1 But what of that ? Surely the opinion et the majority ought to be respected. (Cheers.) He coi l l ouly fay that if Earl Grey should persist in forcing^convicts upon them, and if even the peo plo of England ßliould tell us " you most take our convict population and keep them upon joir shores," the people ol'this colony would answer in defiance and tell them that however much they might value the advantage of free labour, they would not suffer themselves. to be treated with injustice. He trusted that the people of Engined, and the Executive would review this question with . 'more calmness- and deliberation than seemed to have been givun to it yet in the Colonial Offiff, either by Earl Grey or any of his compeers, for they must know that the men. at the brad of this League-tho men who spent-their time «¡J money in the promotion of this great object did so in order to prevent a convulsion which when once' begun no, man cnn tell where it mayend. Hf onme forward as a peace- maker,, bot? should any serious consequences arise, bo confessed tb» ; responsibility" ought .to rest with him who MS thought' proper to provoke- . them. ¡ » ? was evident - that suoh a corivnlfloe : take pince if thia system bf trsninertatioa j be continued, and it was only prop« that "er , should begin to consider the consequences, w, \ if possible, gunrd against them. (Cheer».) .land may transpoi-t her oriminals whither .»» I { thinks proper, but she must not transport Wem 1 to these colonies. (Cheers.) Let her, if *. thinks proper, bargain with the Emperor of Bj« ela, and send her criminals to him, but don't M ¡ her force them upon us against oar ??«. (Laughter.) Arlie had said before, he had ooma -tff-ths urning. ¿0 ?*y»t-4hey>ft et'-a.pawtotcr to advocate the preservation of peace »nd m - will, so essential to their hnppiness as . «^'i ', and the cultivation of commerce »nd art..jw, League, as they were ali aware, was org»nl»M'J promote the happiness and good government oi of the colonies by getting rid of that emoh «*. , the great obstacle to both-traiisra-rtatlMi. M» : I efforts of this body in thnt direction spew «ol» plainly than anything he could say, .»» ?». .!" no doubt that these efforts would eventually ne successful. They had heard a gw*dt^X friendship from tho Colonial Office, and *« » desires of Lord Grey for the welfare of tbsi At* trulian Colonies. But there was an old sM »? very applicable to his Lordship's proffered sm" ness, "Savo me from my friends." (^"8"T They nil loved their Queen-none of them uc sired to bo disloyal, (cheers,) but, on the wnw entertained tho highest veneration totUtw" tutions of tho parout land. Mut he did ww* in his hoart that tho greatest «MBISI JJ lu Crown of Great Britnin were to be T Majesty's Ministers themselves. Tw0!*l»4 mun living so grcnt an enemy to th« kl» tho man who now ruled iii »K Q°HjÄ mu mau wuu now ruira -. . flni( Andi»thopr<jsontooursewMperslsl«diOri«i^« had no hesitation in saying that he would bROT demngogue himsolf, to waist the *y?n"î,0' W rulers. (Loud cheers 1 «»PP^^.h' cX the right honourable tho Secretary ^'"^i better go to tho limjieror ot ««"'?"'_ kiw|, (Chocs!) Ho did not like autocrats of sny tm, but ho certainly preferred a j-rfy to one from Bowning-street. Ile said, they kuew him to lo . P^J^ pro liked to promote poioe, for by so ««»? B^,|e. muted the happiness and Ho liked to lind his humble »»^«JJ5?Btf, that W»» In any* way calculated to proiw. «tony, but kt thor* who have the administrative \- tapweVsoffovernment Invested in them reinem, per, that wbH«t law end order should go pari . MUN with good feeling end content, wo may be driven after »ll - -. to " cut tho painter,", If our just rights bo indefinitely Withheld from us. ( Loud cheers). It was for the benoit both of the Australian colonies and tho ' toother country, that our relations should be of that friendly commercial character which seemed to bein accordance with the predominant feeling of the aga Bub still, let tho mother country . remember, that whilst we desire to go bandin band with her, we at the same time, feel \- determined to protcot our own interests, and \- those of the neighbouring colonies, at all hazards. . iOheers). Aad this there was no doubt they .could do, provided they acted with system' and I tonaiimity. . In the language of his couatryuian 'j.TomMeore.' ? .;.".' If our rulers" will lotus, ' Ko hands aro moro loyal than ours. .'Biit'if pushed, he felt there was a poi tn at nnichi loyalty itself- bocauia n crime. (Cheers) He \- . had no doubt that if the Queen was aware of the ? feeling which existed in tho colonies against Bart -Cr»*», sho would pince'tho quostion of Colonial '.-Administration on a basis 'which would be satis \- «'factory to all. In fact, sim would say to Karl .' ' Grev,',! You have lived to ruin our colonies . now"you can go about your business.'' (Loud ^sheers.) IIo, the Archdeacon, came forward, as ''" "they would remember, us a pacificator, and one ' whoas'loyalty was beyond a doubt ; hut at the ' iame timehe would tell tho Government that whilst " no hands were more loyal than ours," we knew how to be loyal to ourselves. (Loud cheers.) .He trusted, however, that their efforts would be. * ' crowned w,t'' success, long beforei.they should' 'i.?'-.-' bivi occasion' to speak to thé" Right Honourable' . Secretary in terms so strong as to involve a rup- ture sith the parent country.. But in the event .of. their petitions and remonstrances in favour of .the people of Van Diemen's Land being rejected .by the officials of Downiug-street, it should not bs forgotten that the people of'those colonies ?have both the spirit and the ability to enf.rce 'their just rights. (Loud cheers.) With these observations, ho begged to second the. resolution. .Thc Rev. Gentleman' resumed his seat amidst ! loud applause.' ' ? ' J ' -' Slr. C. KEMP said - that a delegate from 'these oolonies, wishing lo impross on lier Majes .i i.ty's Ministers tho fearful consequences likely to trise from the system' of transportation to these oolonies being persisted in, could not uso a more powerful argument than to draw their attoution ' to tho throe speeahes which they had just beard.' (Hear, hear.) Hore were three gentlemen of .- .different pursuits, different turns of mind, and ! 'different kinds of education, all expressing their ! anxious fears that, unless a ohange in her Majes- ty's councils take place, a serious collision would occur between tho parent state, and the colony, -(Cheers.) These gentlemen aro well known to .' tho colonists as -peaceable citizens; they are not mere factious demagogues, but; express the real sentiments which they feel, and would not do so . unless they felt themselves imperatively called , 'lipon.'' Every one - knew that a more peaceable \ > man than their worthy Chairman did not exist in tho colony ¡ the gallant officer who moved the . first resolution had-in.his early life fought for hil King and country, and would doubtless do , W) again if, called . inion, while the seconder . was by profession and education a. preacher of pesée ; and yet theso three gentlemen all saw i tb«: same result shadowed "forth. . (Hear.) Surely Lord .Grey could not resist such an argu ,'i "tnent- ns this, 'unless he wished to goad the I . colonists into insurrection, iii order thnt ho might i- : have u pretext for punishing thom for tho per .: _ rtinacity ; with -which they opposed his views. ?\ ,'¿Ttiii'>was' not ' perhaps known to tho Í r. generality of' tho ? meeting, that intel /. !-ligence.: had. been- received from England >' i in the oourso of tho doy whioh led to the con eviction that tho hope which hod been excited \- that Lord Grey - would be removed from offloo . . would not be fulfilled for some time at.least. . (Oh, bear.) There had long been a feud between ? ' Lords Groy and ; Palmerston, but it was the . Foreign and not the Colonial Secretary who had . been forced to succumb. This would strengthen . Lord Grey's position in the Ministry, and might psrlmpslcad toliisholdingstill higher olfioj', It was mcessary, therefore, that tho Lenguo should ro doubleitsexertions(hear) ; they had not to appeal V ton Minister who wasanxiousto do justice, but to ? one whose mind had been prejudiced against them, and who from his earliest days had been noted for his dogged perverse disposition. The ? ' f resolution expressed sympathy with Van Diemen's Land; an expression of sympathy was easily proposed, but would they show that they felt it. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that,one of the results of the conference to which their Chairman was about to proceed, ' would be the despatch of a 'delégatelo England; this would' bo a source ol considerable expense, and thay could show their .-?sympathy by subscribing the necessary funds. When their Chairman relumed from Van .- Diemen's Land to report the proceedings of the conference, he thought they might call a meeting, and petition tho Legislature to pass a resolution \- thst they would not, after this year, vote any . moneys (oheers) until the transportation question ' was satisfactorily settled. This would bo following the precedent sot hy Van Diemen's Land, and ? by giving a year's notice they would show they . were not actuated by a desire to impede the Go- vernment, but by a determination to have the question settled. : (Hear.) Tho Governor-General, ' when-the Legislative .-Council voted against , transportation, in 1850, wrote to tho Secretary of ., Stute that in his opinion it was necessary for the peace and good government of the colony that i transportation should cease, and tho Order in , Couuoil bo revoked. (Hoar, hear.) Lort! Groy \- nominally complied with this request, but in 1 reality evaded it hy lils endeavours to separate Moreton Bay. Whon the probability of this ' course was alluded to in the Legislative Council, that most honest of publio officers, tho Attorney General (cheers), repudiated the idea with scorn, as ono so unworthy that it was impossible to con« > ceive Lord Grey could be guilty of it ; but at th« ve.-y time the Attorney-General was making . this speech, the noble loni was endeavouring to carryout the scheme which th« Attorney-General «aid was impossible. Ile believod, however, that \- there was one of those technical objections which -Bone but lawyers could enter into tho spirit of; that the " petition of the inhabitants" being necessary befure the colony can be divided, law- yers, he had bearii, declared this meant " all the inhabitants," so that ono little boy holding out would jirevent tho' colony :from bein« divided. This would render an appeal 'îl Parliament' neoessa'y, . and then , the whole convict question would be opened, and thanks to the League there were many friends of the colony in Parliament who thoroughly under- stood the whole mutter. (Hear, hear.) Van Diemen's Land required their sympathy in many *eyi ...When the sentiments of the colonists her« »ere unequivocally expressed, Sir Charles IfiU noy at oaoe advised that the svstem should bc diseontlnaed. His Excellency Sir William Deni «on, however, pursued a different course. ,-. It was 1,01 »t"6* days since that the Legislative Council .of-Van Diemen's Land was prorogued ; ho had «ot seen Iiis Excellency's spceah, but hs wai »»ere.that in alluding to the measures of the ses- sion be had expressed his deep sorrow at the ud . .H»unu transportation wnicn nau ucen »jrreedto. (Oh, oh.) From all he could oscor Uin, the colonista of Van Diemcn's Land required their sympathy for having over them a Governor, one who with doubtless tho best intentions, acted as perversely and obstinately ns tho noble Secre- tary of SUtehiroaelf. With these observations bs begged to tender his support of tho resolution befors the meeting. (Cheors.) The resolution was then put, and carried Unammouslv. . ' Mr. G.'k. HOLDS?, who was received with loud cheers enid, I have tho more pleasure in ? submitting to yoii this motion, becauso I recognise inthareoent proceedings of tho Tasmanian Legis- lature, aa well as in those of this colony, evidence, . nf the rapid advance of this î.c iguo in ita consti- tutional and hitherto poacoful struggle . And 1 Will even venture to aaV (despite of tho wiuked provocation given by Karl Grey, to n brç'ooh of ihe peace), an earnest of ottr speedy and bloodless triumph. (Choera.y Tim justino" of our cause has boen portrayed by moans' of tho Loaguo in I .^.»nts. and by a sudduu intervention 'of Kro I xidenoo, lt has bean emblntoned in loiters ol I gold. (Ohoers.) We. haye carried Us. light U every colonial liiiiUngi, «ntl into every hell of colonial legislation. We ere noir conveying it through the British Prase to tho British iieople and Parlament . and although tho Inst placo it may rwndi may ho the «lark purlieus of Downing street, tho mole-eyed Belshazzar who rules there, may yet seo thu ghost of this League writing before him on tho wall, " Mono mené Tekel uphnrsin."-Thy kingdom is departed ! ' (Loud cheers.) . Our present'source of congratulation is, that we have obtained full possession of our colonial legislatures The natural current of cir- cumstances had previously carnied into. them many individuals, who; instead of truly repre- senting tho feelings of their fellow-colonists on this great question, had interests directly adverse. Some with views altogether official and'imperial, regarding the welfare of the colonists and their children as a mere drop in tho wide ocean of Bri- tish policy. Others, hnnkering after the loaves and fishes of the convict system, and expectant of tho lion's share of ' commissarint Carrion. (Cheers.) . To continue this state of things was the business of Earl Grey ; to terminate it, ours : and for this end some such organisation of public opinion ns is comprised In our League had become necessary to render tho elective portion, at least, of the legislature, a just mirror of the popular miud on this vital question, and to take care that no merits, no talouts, no services, .on any other should bo purchased by one wrong vote on. this. This great end has our League accomplished. In New South Wales the effect of tho gold discovery was to place, at our meroy Earl Grey's own par- liamentary guns-either to be thrown overboard or to be used ngainst himself. , While we were in the very act of spiking the greatest of those guns, he turned his muzzle round the right way, und was thus spared for our service and-our enemy's bitter d'scomflturo; and although'this old gun may fire a sly kick at his new allies, reminiscent of an old grudge^ no matter ; wo can afford to give him a wido berth-wo cnn let him off with a long miitch, and all we hope is, tho more lie' kicks, the better may he carry. (Laughter and cheers.) It appears, however, that Earl Grey will only keep faith with tho Council of New South Wales, on tho condition of their breaking faith with tl eir constituents I No sooner clo they show themselves honest as a body, and refuse to remain his tools, than he opens a new treaty with indi- vidual traitors. We may send tho twolve Apos- tles, if wo please, to represent us iu Council. Let him only find ono Judas member roprosont ing ono Iscariot province, and ho hastens to offer the bribe pf a separate government' for tho ex- press purpose of converting the whole continent through it into a convict Aceldama. (Cheers.) But there is ono feature in this caso which gives ¡t an air of ridicule, almost equal to that of its wickedness. Eager as Earl Grey has shown him- self to net tho role of the Chief Priest, it is quite possible ho muy present himself to bo hooted on tho stage alonó, and may jingle his thirty pieces of silver without finding tiny Judas to receive his bribe. At tho very time when he is plotting in London to break through statuta law and public faith, in order to .satisfy tho supposed cravings of the.ghouls of Moreton Buy for convicts rejected by Now South Wales, Brisbane elects two oppo- nents of transportation as its representatives, thus proving that the principles of tho League are paramount- even in Moreton Bay, nnd that Earl Grey's policy cannot find support from any colonial constituency, where tho christians aro beginning to out-number tho kangaroos. I need hardly say, that in Victoria, in bon til Australia, and in New Zealand, the legislatures have ail proved faithful to tlio.,.objeot of our League.' Nothing less could have been expected, even by Karl Groy himself. With Tasmania the case was otherwise. There is little doubt that up to tho Inst moment, Earl Groy was imbued by his Tas- manian private advices with the hope of a re- action aguinst the League among Tasmanian1 farmers, in consequence of the drain of labour to tho Australian gold mines, nnd of securing thus a subservient majority in the now legislature. (Cheers.) This, no doubt, greatly influenced Earl Grey's confident. bearing towards the . Victoria delegate in December last. Vor, although Mr King warns Earl Grey of the expected election of members of Council in Van Diemen's Land op Iioscd to_ transportation, ho could not then have mown it as a fact, and Karl Grey passes tho subject by with this cool romark, " If the gold discoveries in New South Wales proved as extensivo ns we are led to expect, tho people of Van Die men's Land would soon discover tho advantages which they possessed over tho other Australian colonies, in having . through their convict establishments, nu abundant supply of cheap labour.'' (Hisses.) It yet remains to bo seen what will bo the effect, first, on Earl Groy him- self; nnd, secondly, on tho British nation and Parliament, of thu very di lièrent views of tin question expressed by the Van Diemen's Land Council, in tue proceedings for which wo nowton der thom our thanks. Let us seo what these aro. On the 17th January, Mr. Sharland moved reso- lutions, which wero as follows : 8\. That it lins been thus demonstrated that tho continuance of tho convict system in this colony is n breach of faith on tho part of tho English Government ; and that it is so obviously prejudi- cial to tho ootony, that it has boon condomnod by a legislature which was composed exclusively of Crown olHeers and nominees, with tho Lieutonant Govcrnor as its. prosident. ! 0\. That tho inhabitants of tho Australian colo nies have boon distinguished by their loyalty and attachment to our illustrious Sovereign, and to tho constitution of tho British Empire ; but if they aro to bo denied any participation in tho benaftts of that constitution-; if they aro to bo dealt with i.s though they possessed ' none of tho rights of British subjects ; and If thor aro' to bo taught that tho' promiso of tho Qucn is to thom only a snaro anil a delusion, it becomes impossible to look forward to tho probable consoquoncos, ns respects thc supremacy of England in those territorios, without anxiety and alarm. -10. That, claiming ns wo do the fulfilment of tho promiso of our Sovereign that transportation to this colony shall bo abolished, wo declino nt present to outer upon any discussion of tho innu- merable evils-social, moral, financial, and poli- tical-which have nrison from tho conduct of tho English Government in reference to tho groat grievances for "tho redress of which tho faith of tho English Crown stamin pledged to this colony.. 11\. That thc recent discovory of tho gold fields of Australia mny induce her Mnjosty's Ministors to discontinuo tho transportation, of criminals to any of these provinces; hut that, if it should unhappily be otherwise, it is our duty, ns colonists and as British subjects, to exert to tho utmost all tho power with willoh this Council is invested to oppose, and, if possible, to défont, evory mensuro which may bo suggested or nttomptod for tho in- troduction of criminals. into this country at any timo, or under any circumstances. " 12\. ' That thoso Resolutions bo .-transmitted to his Excollonoy tho Lioutenant-Govornor, for tho purposo of boing forwarded td tho' Right Honour- able tho Secretary of State for tho' Colonies, to bo lnid before her »Majesty tho Queen. ' - ; And on tho 3rd of March' last Mr. Gregson moved- \ - , That , this, ' Council ? has shown . cvory dispo- sition to avoid embarrassment to the lopnl Go- vernment, and - is willing evoir to augment tho pay of tho police for tho present year undor tho circumstances , connected - with tho dis- covery of'gold in Australia; but'that.;aftor tho. prosont session, if Transportation shall bo con- tinued to this colony, this Council will not vote moro thnn ono-thirtoanth pnrt.of thc expenso of polioo and gaols, nor. more for any other t>xpondl turo connoetcd with tho control or management of criminals than this country would'bo subjected to if it wore a free colony. ' Whon those resolutions reach England, and with them the corresponding protests of all tho Aus- tralian colonies, and when they shall be submitted to tho'British legislature, then, and not till then, mny wo consider thc question between theso colo- nies and tho home govormnent as fairly at issue. Until, our. appeal to tho British nation and Par- liament has absolutely failed, I for ono will refuse to transfer tho indignation which tho loathsamo tyranny of Earl Grey has oxoited in my bosom, to tuc yet vouoratcd name of England !' (Loud cheers.) moved. It was » great ' satisfaction to t him to know that whatever battles they might havo to fight-whatever discussions might be olicltod bolbro this great question was settled^ they had ont; important power on their side upon; which thoycouíd.roly. However! fruitless.might havo benn tho discussions und agitations'upon' this subjoot lijtl|êftc>, ' ¡¿''Vlis.'encouraging to' kiiow tjjat they had oallod' iiitojqpcratiqn. a foroe which could not fájl M> the end tp accomplish what every c»lbBÍit'4«¡rérjr /Englishman-could desire (cheer*). It was impossible, lifter what they liiiil hoard Hint night ofrt]io,sealjinet|t« of Bar) Grey »ml tho Imperial Government,' hot 'to feel thnt his Lordship trembled Moro the yoi co of the Legislature (cheers). It ' waS"irop'Ó3sil)lo not to seo that Iiis Lordship, despite, ids per- versity and tho many defeats to whioh lie had subjected thom, ivas williup after nil to leave the question to be determinad by tho Legislature. This wns a great point in their favour. Tho Legislative Council was in reality tho people,' inasmuch as constitutionally it was tho only ap- pointed organ through which the people's w'islms could bo fairly and odequatoly represented. In supporting this resolution he was particularly anxious to impress upon their minds tho im- portance of what thoy had already achieved in sending men into .the Legislative Council of their own sentiments-mon on whom they might rely for a fair and nblo advocacy of their wishes (cheer.i). It was hy this means only that they could hope eventually to achieve succoss. But they hal as yet much to do in tho way of agita- tion mid remonstrance to accomplish this end. They were bound to wntoh closely tito actions of their representatives, and to exercise on all,oc- casions a bold and uncompromising scrutiny .into tho measures brought forward by thom. It was not ono vote, or one or two faithful representatives that entitled a Legislature to the implicit confidence of a people. Howevor noble and patriotio their representatives might'be, they" wero at times lia- ble to corrupt influences,'ami, like most people, not unfrequontly acted inconsistently. As he had said before, it was tho duty of the peoplo to watch thoir actions closely, and to oxerciso at all times tho freo right of discussion. Thoy hail seen tho' necessity of this in thoir,.own case. Mon on whom they ought to pince tho greatest rel ian ou wore to bo- found in their own Legisla- ture over ready to join with tho nominees, mid to qunsh'every really good measure that might ba introduced. (Cheers.) lt was impossible to look at tho last discussions In tho Legislativo Council upon this subject and not to see that there were, unfortunately, but too many of this class of per- sons .-too many who wero ever ready to turn their backs upon their constituents when any great question was nt issue. (Cheers.) Let them, therefore, keep-a watchful oyo on the ac- tions of their representatives, and whenovor they did wrong, tull them of it in a manner which can- not bo misunderstood. If no other good could arise from such a course, it would at all events show the world that thu people nt least wero son si bio of what was. due to them, and wero deter- mined to achieve it. Ho admitted that it was not an easy matter to compel an unfaithful repre suntativo to vacate his pla?o in tho Legislature. Hut if there were such mon in it, thoy should remind them of thoir treachery, and ask them to resign in the evont of their failing to make a satisfactory atonement. Although these. persons might not adopt this course, they would at least bo taught a whole- some lesson, and discover how improbbnle it was that they would ever again receive the suffrages of their constituents. (Cheers.) As ho had before stated, it was not one vote, nor perhaps several, such us had already been passed in the Legisla- ture, that could settle this question. Ile agreed with their friend of the Herald, Mr. Kemp, that they should look to the voting of tho estimates as the most prompt and efficacious method of procuring redress. It was this control of the purse strings whioh formed tho most important element in tho British constitution, and which gave to tho representativos of the people in all . freo countries a status and influence which they could not otherwise possibly possess. It was liv means of this power Unit ult the great and glori- ous concessions which had boon wrung from tho Government for centuries past had boen secured jto tho peoplo. In fnot, the only real power which tho peoplo possessed rcsolvod itself into this great clement of tho British constitution, for without it their representatives would have no inherent influença over the Government ' what- ever. Why then should it not ho exercised in the present caso ? What more noble causo could it, promoto than that in whioh they were en- gaged ? . He would venturo to say, without tho slightest fear of contrailiution, that if their repre- sentatives would only take their stand upon the estimates, and determino for once to not with cor- diality and unanimity, they could compel tho government of this "country to express their wishes us faithfully and as promptly ns they could themselves. (Loud oheors.) If every legislature of the Australian colonies were to adopt this course, that is, to determine to with- hold tho estimates until tho Govortimontcqnsonted to redress thoir grievances, ho was convinced that no government in tho world could long hold out against them. Let hut tho representativos of the people be faithful to their trust-let thom only be determined and unanimous, and thoy aun compel thu Government .to grant them nil that they desiro. (Cheers.) They had a noble exam plo'of this iii tho casu of the Van Diemon's Laud legislature-thoy had seen how powerful was the force that might bo brought to boar upon nay public question, when the representatives of tho iicople chóso to bo unanimous. In thoir own ogisluturo, however, ho regretted to say there were mon returned for tho country who wore not worthy of thoir confidence-gontlomon, who from tho tenor of their conduct, ought to have been made nominóos, and who wero always to he found on tho nominoo benohos. (Cheers.) If thoy had had men in their loglsluturo like tho noble patriots of Van Diemon's Land-men of unflinching integrity - men who really represented tho som i men ts of tho commu- nity-they would long si nco have had , their griovanoos rodrosBcd nnd_ they ! might now have had the glory of witnessing this young colony springing into a nation honoured and respected by tho world (elmers). They »vero all, no doubt, familiar with tho convulsions which recently took placo iii Canada, and which ended in wringing from the Imperial Government some very lurga and important concessions. That colony, whioh was hardly capable of. exercising tho rights of freemen, hud received concessions, mid boon permitted to exercise privileges which were denied to them. And why was this, simply becuuso tho measures adopted by those who re- presented tho people In that colony wero such ns to compel tho Government to tako this stop. Thc result showed that, tho Govoruniunt of Ungi and feared tho legislature -if it did not respect thc vo'.on of the people.. It showed that that element which has justly boon regarded ns the safety valve of a people's indignation, will bo rcspcutod in tho persons of their representativos, howovcr much despised ii, any other shape. True,' there were certain concessions required to render our .legislatura as . powerful and as influential as it ought to be. It tho land fund and tho gold fund were conceded to tho control of tho legislature, how much more qualified would it bo to represent and' to enforce tho .wishes of its constituents, nnd how muoh uSoloss patronage would be pre- vented. Still, it possessed sufficient power to assist thom in the great work in which they were engaged, and he hoped the noblo example of thc Van Diomen's Land legislature would not be lost sight of, and that the voice of the peoplo would eventually bo respected, and their grievances thoroughly redressed. (Loudcheors.) - Mr. PIDDINGTON never had felt so'much in love with a sinecurist before. Tho. resolutions put forth that evening to tho meeting wero, treble shotted, and there, was little left for him .to do. Tho subject hud boon pretty well exhausted by other speakers. It needed no conjuror , tb per- ceive that tho assembly prosont; viowod. with tho utmost disgust tho tricks ot' Euri Groy, the auto- crat of tho Colonial Office This disgust was natural. How had his Lordship fronted their petitions aud remonstrances? Was it not with tho utmost disregard and contempt? Had they not nil fallen on his car unheeded ? His evasions and want of faith wero incomprehensible What . was tho plcilgo givon two years ago bv tho 1'ie mior, in tho Housa of Commons, at tho time of introducing tho Bill for bostowing a Constitution on all tho Australian Colouios ? Were not these tho words of Lord John Uussolt on that occasion, " That convicts should not bo forced on tho colo- nists against thoir will.'* Had this plodgo beon kept, mid wuro tho colonios treated as intogral portions of tho British Empire? Fur from it. .And:what sort of prisoners wero thoy tb oxpoct would bo sent but ? Tho British oodé had bf lato years boen much ameliorated, nm! .only the~most liolu'oùii'.offender's .were now sentenced -to trans pii'r'latidii. Ho found hy a roturri that tho total dominittals in ono year lu Ills'' inother country wera 20,000, only 2,500 of whom 'were sentenced to tnn)8|ioriation, "What *rdrejidfulj,o#himify ?roust it not ho to have men of such chnraeto'r snnt among them, Talk of satisfying tho dolh'ands bf labour with exported criminals; what ndrop ¡lithe; buoket this number of: 2,500 was to tho require- ments of tho oniony; it reminded him of iv wicket in a pair ol' folding .doors-the . opened doors re- sembled a stream of immigration sufficiently largo for tho demands of labour, mid tho SecroUry' for the Colonies fancied ho was satisfying those demands by opening his insignificant wicket of. convicts. It was a most grateful tusk to say anything in favour of the members of tho Tn«-: manían Legislature They hud passed: resolutions to the- effect . that, they would in future votoonly ono thirteenth of tho estimated police and gaol expenditure. (Cheers.) . It was a most melancholy consideration that the British Government never endowed any establishments in tho colonies but gaols.- Before these criminals arc sent to those colonies ns immigrants they go through all tho grades of crime ; and such mis- creants as those engaged in tho Frimley murders are landed upon our shores. It was much to bo desired that other' Legislatures nearer home would take pattern from tho Legislature of Van' Diemon's Land. (Cheers.) They have main- tained their determined opposition to transpor- tation with fidelity and -constancy, Even although this important question was unsettled ¡a that island, ho awaited with calmness th. result. They had shown their appreciation of tho true method of affecting their purpose,, and there wera constitutional means sufficient: to carry conviction into Downing-streot itself. He would conclude by. expressing his high ad- miration of the conduct af that inflexible band of patriots-.who had acted so nobly in Tasmania.' (Applause.) '.'. ' ?'.- ' ".'? The rr solution was then put and carried unani- mously. Mr. ROBERT CAMPBELL, in coming forward, was received with loud and continued cheering. Their kind reception of him, ho said, ndiled to the deep feelings whioh ho entertained upon the subject, considerably embarrassed him. But tho resolution which ho had to movo, would, ho,was suro, commend itsolf to their hearts, without any observations from him. It naturally followed the previous one, and was equally important to tho successful accomplishment of' their object. Having expressed sympathy with the people of Van Women's Land) and pledged themselves tn resist transportation to that colony, it was equally incumbent on thom that they should pro teot their own colony from dismemberment for penni purposes. The resolution 'was as fol- lows :-"That tho determination avowed by Earl. Groy to tho Victoria .Delegate, Mr. King, on the 25th November last, to persist in transportation' to Van Diemen's Land, and to separate Moreton Bay from New South Wales,. for poual pur- poses, in breach of his repeated promises, de- mands the indignant reprobation of this meeting, and they bind themselves by all they hold dear and snored, to resist to the uttormost an oppres-. sion so desolating, hereby solemnly protesting, that the responsibility forjill consequences will remain with their oppressor." It was said that brevity was the soul of wit. Ho could not hope that the few observations which he had to mnko would verify tho adago in his o iso, but nt all events ho would not detain them long. Ho re grettcd that ho could not lay claim to that talent and oom man rt of language for publie speaking which wore possessed hy his honourable and gal- lant colleague, Mr. Lamb.. But although ho might not oxcol as ' a speaker, he believed that few amongst thom had exerted' themselves moro ardently, or sacrificed moro timo in the great causo which thoy wero mot to promote than ho had. (Cheers.) tiver sinoe ho first took part in til is movement he lind lost no opportunity to nd vnnco their cause hy every means in his power, pecuniary and otherwise, and he was still pre _purod to do so with the samo enthusiasm nad de votiou. Ho would remind them, morever, that although frequent, discussions and brilliant speeches might do niuch, yet thero was something olsu which they were required .to do-something moro practical than the mere utterance ot' words, .beforo. they, oouhl ensure 'success/?:. They wero'' .emphatically called- upoti-to-net-»nd ho would havo them hear in mind that one good action was worth any number of brilliant speeches. (Cheers). For this reason he trusted that the expression of their sympathy with th'o' patriotic exertions of tho Vau Diemen'» Laud Colonists would not cud in moro words, but that something more practical would bo dono to assist them in gotting rid of tho convict ourse. (Cheers.) Ho trusted that by thoir combined influence, they would show the Imperial Government, that their petitions and remonstrances were liotto be neglected with im- punity. And if Earl Grey should persist in Bond- ing conviots to Van Diemen's Land, ho hoped . their advice to that colony will bo to do ns their raoo had done before,When their petitions and re- monstrances failed. (Loud cheers.) Lot them when tho next transport vessel arrived, resist to »ho uttermost the landing of tho convicts; if tho worst should come, lot thom rather throw the con victs overboard, than that they should bo let loose upon tho country. This was tho kind of advice which they should give to n people so op- pressed and troddendown, as those of Van l)ie mou's Land. (Chours.) Whon he looked back nt tho many mcctiugs that had been held upon this subject, and tho many petitions and remon- strances that had boon sont home, ho was really astonished that Earl Grey should persist in a lino of polioy, which ho know was so utterly dis tasteful 'to 'nearly tho whole bf tho A ustralian Colonies. He found that their first meeting on tho subject, iviis held in the Victoria Theatre in 1848, tho noxt in 184Í), at tho Circular Quay, and tho third in the barrnak.sqiiare, in the same year. Several other equally large and influential- meet- ings had '' nlso" taken place, ' ns they would doubtless romcmbor within the last two years, at all of which resolutions we're passed much to tho samo effect as those'thoy wero now called upon to adopt, expressing an equally clear mid decided opinion against tho resumption of transportation in any simpo. (Cheers.) And yet tho samo pernicious system was still being carried on, if not so extousivoly, ot all -ovents with equal vigour, and with the same immoral and degrading results. (Cheers.) Afc one ' of tho mcotings referred to it was said by a clergyman that if the hateful question wore'not soon settled, it would result in endless , discord, mid eventually termi- nate in röbollipn. (Cheers.). No one who lookod into the future, and considered the many frightful - consequences . attendant on tho trans- portation system could' deny the. probability of such a termination. Ile felt the prido of being a British subject as ardently as any one, and ha should bo sorry to see tho day when that fueling should bo obliterated from his heart. But there were bounds even to' loyalty, and he con tossed that if thero was anything calculated to bring about a rebellion it was the humiliating nnd de- grading way in which they wero treated by Earl Groy. (Cheers.) What could bo more humiliating -more degrading, than tho fate with which all their remonstrances ¡ind petitions against tho , curso of conviatism hud met with nt his Lord- ship's hands. (Cheers.) How different was Euri Grey's conduct from that of Lord Stanley, with' ? reference to tho : West > Indies, nt tho time of tho Slave-trado ngitatlou.' That nobleman, oui' learniug thnt com- pensation ? would . bo required to effect tho abolition of tho slave trade immediately replied, "JVoli, what will satisfy you ? Will ton-'mil-, lions; if not, take twonty, rath or than prepctuuto the degrading, system. ' (Cheers.) Comparo this with tho treatment they had received from tho nobleman who nt prosatit holds tho seals' of office (Chcors.) r Lot them fancy themselves in tho.position of n people panting lor the liberty which they once enjoyed,'and which they wore desirous of banding down to their posterity, und consider how ' aeooptable-how . magnanimous must bo snch an answer. But mark tho cou trust. Karl Urey says, "I will not givo you twonty millions to savo you .from tho curso of a worso tlinii nogro slavery, but I shall perpetuate tho curse upon you nnd your children, in order to savo ine'twonty millions." (Loud cheors.) Such was tho reasoning of Earl Grov, and suoh tho de- grading alternative to which tlioy wore rcduoedi He. would conclude hy again reading tho resolu- tion' which lie held in bis hand, , (Loud cheers.; ^ " ' |. Jf ?« ' '" ? Mr. F^ooo :.JIo felt highly, honoiirod In being culled upon to second this resolution, which lind boon so well proposed by the mover, Mr. Camp bell, It ivas un*. Iii« intuntion,.»ttli»t. Ut« liour, to make a speech, hut lie? felt bourn) to «tato bi« determination to support'the League, not merely willi bin humilla mite, but with bis humide suif, f Applause ) Something of importance to the country would arise out of tim League. The thanks not only of tho present generation, hut. of general ions yet unborn, were due to tho gentle- men of the Longuo for their patriotic endeavours. Tho resolution hail boon sn nobly responded to, there was no necessity for him to say moro. But ho must make au allusion to olio class of the comtnuniiy, and to their children, and he was ex- tremely sorry to sec that not moro of that class belonged to tho League. It was only the other day, that a respectable gentleman in this City hail, in a lute important case, to go into thu witness box in tho Supremo Court ; and tho ex- amining Counsel,' who ought, to say the least of It, to have, known better, put to him the insulting question-what offence had lie committed which had brought him to this colony ? Ho wished that every emancipist in tho Colony had been prcsont on that occasion. What were thoso men to bo hounded to tho gravo for offences, which they lind long si nco expiated-mon who had' ever since maintained a respectable position in society. Whero was tho emancipist that would advocate the renewal of Transportation, and perpctuato such miserable feuds and heartburnings as existed-tho legacy of tho Transportation system, lie begaed to record his humble approval of tho nolilo 'and patriotic 'conduct of their friends in tho sister Colony. In conclusion, he trusted that Mr. Norton did not consider him ns one of those unworthy representatives who would fit a seat on' the Government benches. . Ho hoped that his conduct had been, and would always be, satisfac- tory, to his constituents and.tho Colony at large. In conclusion, he would impress on the minds of thoso present, that they should not only attend there to hear speeches,' and signify their appro- bation, but they should como forward to assist their brethren in tho sister colony. Mr. GtumiiT WnioiiT supported this resolu- tion. They had beou repulsed at the first onset -but baffled-not beaten-they must renew tho attack I It was often charging that won thc battle ! , (Cheers.) Tho assault must be lengthened into a siege. (Hear, hear ) Their re- jected petitions must be reiterated and reinforced by continuai fresh supplies of mora urgent and importunate demands! (Hear, hear.) And it would bu with them, as with tho Greeks before Troy ; it was not Agamomnou, nor Ajax, nor Achilles-but the ten years' siege, that won the citadels. (Cheers.) They had nothing to hope from the equity or honesty of Karl Groy. (Groans.) That most mendacious minister (groans and laughter) had . Stopp'd up tho nocoss and pnssngo to Remorse, Tint no compunctious visitings of Naturo Shako his full purpose. (Hear, hear.) And they- hod littlo to expect from tho clemency or jùstico of the Imperial 1'arlinraent. (Hear; hear.J .'For even though transportation wero not, as it is, tho traditionary policy of the empire, (Hear) Parliament is so overborne by coiupnot Interests, by combining parties, by conspiring classes, by confederating oligarchical families and factions, and by other organized influences, (hoar, hear)-that the wrongs of remote dependencies are but little understood-and, still less eared for. (Hear, hear.) Let us not thon pursue Our Btu to of vassalage, but rathor sock Our own good from oursolves ! (Cheers.), To - this end have the ' colonies of Australasia joined hands, never to part, until all that is needed to completo their liberties shall have been achieved. (Loud-cheers.) . When they had subdued the old dragon .Transportation (hear, hear), they would be In a position to merit, ns well ns accomplish, if not' tho concession, the conquest, of nil their constitutional rights and liborties. (Cheers.) -Their present combined hostilities would but disciplino and train them to futuro victories. (Cheering.) For there were other-battles before thom 1 (Hoar, hoar.) Thoy must not-only wrest from Colonial Oflieo tyranny tho control ol' their Crown. Lands, but they must %w.ring from it all their.other rights, administra tive-an'd* legislative." ^(Chóotáj. Tlièy nïust'làx-' tinguish noniineëisin. (Cheers.)' All admire the masculine-and adore the feminine-but who does* not abhor the neuter gender T (Laughter and cheers ) Now, nominees aro neuters f (Laugh- ter.) Political ouniiohs-unscxed senators-thoy must ho squclohcil ! (Immense laughter mid cheers.) And, if tho colonies were but :true to themselves, and to eaoh other, tho day was not distant when all these things would bo accom- plished. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) A Nation;-Uko a man- ' . In its tillie plays many parts Its nets being soveh ages.' .'. (Laughter.) But yesterday thoy wero, \- An infant ''." Mowling and puking in tho nurse's arms ; (Laughter.) To-day they rathor resembled . Tho soldier, Jealous In honour, sudden and quick, in qunrrol, (cheers) seeking " reputation"-nye, and In- dependence-if requisite to "reputation" (cheers) Even in thu cannon's mouth. (Great cheering.) ' As glory enamours, so docs disgrace afflict. There is no anguish BO abiding nnd tormenting as the sonso of boing dishonoured (Henr.) A. pooplo must indeed bo debased who could endure without grief or resentment to bo down-troddon and trampled upon by Transporta- tion. (Hear, libnr.) To submit would bo to ap- prove themselves (to use tho language of John Milton) ", tho lowermost tho most delected, tho most underfoot of vassals " (Hear, hear.) .Thanks, however, to Edward Hammond Hargraves, thov would soon'bo-"precipitated into a nation.'' (Cheers.) . Mr. ' Hnrgraves resembled Baba Ab- dallah in tho Arabian Nights, (laughter) round whose left, eye,, and upon whoso loft eye-lid the good Dervise applied an ointment,' hy the appli- cation of which tho ' concealed treasures of the . earth wore disclosed to his view. (Laughter and cheers.) And the revelation will render Aus- tralia a theatre of wonders ! (Cheers.) lt is thus that tho Almighty buffles and confounds men'by events, which cross the.'methods nf their notings, and surpass the mensuro of their expec- tations, (Hear, hear.) A community commonly advances ..by n ..gradual -, nnd natural progress, so that, from small l)( things it grows tb be , great j'' and r 'iit, length hy grndual; steps and nscentsV'gVowB-'to'bo' greatest. .(Hear, hear.) But when Providence designs vast and mighty changes, a country is¡brought at once hy soiiio such event as the discovery of gold,.- .to tho very-top mid hoight of greatness and' gran- deur. K (Cheers.) And ' if/' neither yielding to that queasy tompor of lukewarmness, which worsens and slugs all action, nor surrendering to that servile and thrall-like.fear which shirks mid skulks'"' froni action, they did but cultivate and cherish tlint spirit of independence willoh is ' ' Lord ot tho Hon honrt nnd eagle eye; (cheering); they'would not only achieve'greatness and grandeur, but run a glorious career among the nntiouSj pf tho earth, the founders of a free and.happy,, empire. (Immense .cheering.) The resolution'was then put and carried' with ' loiid 'démonstrations of applause, "".'-"'»rt« . '' . ''MrJilsNhv1 PAnicus ¡ lt was a great advantage for any man having to speak toward tho close of tho proceedings on nn occasion like that, Hint ho al w ivs hud tho old staplo of all bad speakers to full huck upon-tho many cxcollvnt speeches already delivered. And certainly few in such a situation . could compliment previous sneakers with more.truth than ho might. But that was no timo for compliments ; it was ono of thoso occasions which ought to make tho plainest men, and tho most ungi lt eil, find somo sort of utterance for their Indignant feelings. (Cheers.) After all thc pain and toil of tho protracted agitation of (his question-after au agitation, conducted with tho fullest enquiry and the deepest earnestness, which had stirred'tho country to its very core : and after these' communities, having been polled almost to n man, had declared with ono volco against . receiving : English, criminals ' as an evil willoh all bollovod wns In tho highest degree hurtful to their moral and social interests -a conker "eating into their very SOUIH-still they wore forced huck to its consideration by tho perverseness of one obstinate man who happened to hold,a seat in tho British Government. Ho agreed with previous speakers that the time for délibération and argtimont was past. (Cheers,) Why, they hud deliberated over years-they had UKIIIUMIOJ MH--argiunoiiti.*-T|ie matter, BOW va* solved . itiolf into u simple question of " nu tu nil right i ui|J they hail only to oonsider how bpst to vindicate this' ri^ht. '(Oheers.) No'man .nor' body ut men could have ii right to force nunn ix] CiimniuiiUy ii thing which thay uiinniinoiisly refused to receive-which they abhorred mid believed would he ruinous to thom. Argument, und discussion hud buen ul' no service to them ; their remonstrances mid petitions had fallen upou . deaf ears. They had don>i ail in this way. which men could do-they could pursue this course no longer. (Cheers.) lt was a singular' and striking feature of this agitation, that a very large umouut of talent had boen oxhibited in it. Tho last debato in tito Legislative Council, tho year before last, was one souoly sustained tlint it would have done honour to thc British House of Commons. Their petitions, from all parts of the oountry, hod been ablo and argumentative docu- ments ; and such was their unanimity of senti- ment, that, when tho question was lust undor dis- cussion, in this colony, the numbers were 30,000 against, and only 500 in favour of the system; (Cheers.) But in tile face ot' nil thia-notwith- standing their repented protosts and petitions notwitlistauding the iiitelH.ucncc wliieh they h ml brought to bear in the discussion of this question, and their unanimity iii the decision . wfiieh they had arrived ut, tl|e tyrannical minister persisted in thrusting upon them the evil which they were determined not to receive'. Well, then, what was to - tie done ? Asa free people, as men, they could not retreat from their position ; they could no longer,go through the turee of remonstrating against an injustice which' was .persevered in with an utter disregard lo their wishes and.their interests; they must do something else. (Loud .cheers<) He was well pleased to bear thcir.Prcr sidëut,'Mr. Cowper, talk of fighting. (Cheers and laughter.) Knowing tho mild, affable, and benignant character of that gentleman, ho was at first half afraid 'that he was. hardly stern enough for tho duties which-ho might be called upon to perform in Ids mission to Van Diemen's Land. Thoy bad been told that.night of the serious consequences whioh might eusuo ; ho (Mr. Parkes) had no desire to bring before them re- bellious, examples, or he might most properly point to tho example of the American colonists ; ¡br in the progress of events which lcd to the loss of those colonies, there was a remarkable analogy tu their own case. Ho would .pass over this, becnuso he "believed that meeting did not need to be reminded of : the 'glorious and BOO cossful struggle of mon who were treated with contumely and oppressed iii a similar manner to themselves. (Cheers.) There was, however, one noble passage in a speech of ono of those early .'patriots which he would, .with their permission, repent to the mooting. . When young Patrick Henry, in tho General Assembly of Virginia, was moving his résolutions in refer- ence to tim odious Stump Act, he exclaimed "Caesar had his''Brutus, Charles tho First his Cromwell, and Goorge tho Third "-" Treason !" orioii tho speaker, (wnoprobably was muon such a gentleman as thc honourable Speaker of our own Council),-the young pntriot, standing up moro proudly titan over, nnd fixing his eyes on the alarmed Speaker, concluded tho sentence " George tho Third may profit by their example ! (Cheers)-if that bo treason, make the most of it !'' ' He would point to the successful resistance of the American colonists, and in.tho name of .that meeting, tell tho British bovernment to profit by their example ! » »Ho lind no troason to Eromedgato ; on. the contrary, tho : man did not loathe, whose heart bent with a truer loyalty to the gracious and glorious Indy who presided over the destinies of tho llritish empire (Cheers), but as was said by their Chairman, tiiere was a higher loyalty than that to any earthly monarch-our loyalty to our own nature und to tho all-wise God who lind planted in us puro and holy sentiments, and wurinod our being with tho love of justice and truth. (Cheers.) To bo falso to this loyalty, would bo to abaso ourselves before our Creator to deface the divirio impress, of humanity which had beon printed on our hearts. (Cheers.) Thoy must go right onwnrd nv their ocurso. There could on no mistake in tho.- matter ¡.or if Earl Greyjuul, indeed been deqeivedjuid misled, tho last, 'election's"'' 'throügÍíóiit the ' colonies would surely ] undeceive himv Even tinder a "constitution ' con- cocted by his own government, the people of Vnn Diemon's Land had, in every instance,elected Anti transportutipnists to their representative scuts. Tn that unfortunate island-that very sinkhole of tho English iniquity-where tho prison population was so alarming in n um hors, mid where it could not bo doubted many of that class possessed the elective franchise, no representative favourable to the continuance of "transportation had'.been chosen, lt was fair to nssume that many of the omauoipist class in that island hud recorded their votes . on the side of the. iiiiti-trniisportntionists. How.could it pe. otherwise? 'How could men wish to continue .to their children-, tho curso of their own lives Î What was it-this dosiro to get rid of tho infamy and degradation of which they hail becu themselves victims-but tho tri- umph of nil that was good and virtuous, and lofty and'aspiring in tho human breast? (Cheers.) They woro about to send Mr. Cowper ns a dele- gate to the Conference of the League nt Hobart .Town. ; W.ien ho approached the shores of tho island-home of those..sturdy mid stout-hearted patriots, he (Mr. Parkes) hoped tho bracing in- fluences of their climate would mtike that gentle- man even bolder than ho lind been in his speech that Cloning; and, if tho' Tasmanian '.colonists should determino to resist tho lauding of any more convicts, that ho would solemnly nssuro them tho' inhabitants of New' South Wales wore ready tb assemble ngnin in some placo under ' heaven whero all tho people could bo gathered, to ratify all tho acts so (lone, and to share in all tho coiiscqucncos. (Loud cheers.) Tho example of tho Cape colonists was beforo them. The timo was como when their only oourso wns to follow that example; and, whenever a prison-ship should arrive in tho Derwent, or in any other port, to resist at nil hazards tho landing of tho men thus ty- rannically forced upon us. Ho most sincerely hoped they would not ho driven to the catastrophe hinted nt by their respected member, Mr. Camp hell-that ol' tumbling the prisonors,iuto the sea ; but whatever sufferings might ensue-ut what- ever sacrifices, they wura now bound t o stund by each other in tho protection of their own liberties. Thero were times whon mon had no right to look round for conscquonccs ; when they woro bound hy nil that was dear and' snored to advance. He holiovcd this was u timo for such conduct. (Cheers.)"'.'Whon ho'wns "asked by'his colleagues in tho Council of tho Lcuguo, to talton part in tho business of* that mooting ho consdutcd, because he considered ho lind no right to refuse any duly in tho cause; lind thoy ashed him to fight, his conr °scnt would . hnvó boen as freely nnd ns (juicily given for thu reasons' ho hod stntcd. (Cheers.) lint ho lind come to tho mooting determined to Íuit it to them whether thu timo lind not arrived or-the Van Diemon's Land colonists to resist tho landing of tho convicts. (Loud cheers.) . Ho could sue no other way to got rid of this cruel mid desolating' agitation. . lb? therefore 'solemnly asked that meeting if they ngreed with him that thu timo for thisdveisivo notion hud arrived, with him to hold up their right hands' in tho nil! mia- li ve. (Hore tho spoil ker held'up his hand, and 'was responded to by tho hands .of. hourly all in tho hotly of tho .meeting.) This ho accepted ns a pledge of their lioucst and serious duCoruiiiintion in tho mutter. In tho mime of that iiieo'ting ho would request thoir respected delegato to convoy i to tlie colonists of Vim Diemen'* Laihl thut tho Iicoplo of Now South Wales were prepared to stand ly them in resisting tho debarkation''of ;'any further importations of convicts I on their shores. Ho would now most cordially ino.»o the resolution which luid buen cntrustud to.his hands :- " That - the previous resol II tiona ho embodied iu an Address, and that such Address 'bo'presented by tim Prä- sident, iii' the name of-this Mooting,'to tho Tas- manian Delegates /at tho Hobart Town Con- ference."» -..(Cheers.) Mr. LLOYD :.HO wns not surprised to find him- self'surrounded by men ol' wealth nud respecta- bility of character. This was a subject on which - thoy woro all unanimous. Thora might ho a lew persons in tho community opposed to thom, but thoy wero ashamed to show their faces. . Tho resolutions had boon drawn; up with great care, and the last ono was most solemn nnd sacred. Dy this, they bound thomsolvcH, by ull thoy hóhl dear, to resist this desolating curso of Transport- ation. Ile wns "surprised that Euri Groy lind hold out so long against tlieir romonstrntices. Ho only wished ho was.there to witness the present demonstration, rile begged (o coil Um etieutlnii of that' nobleman' to tho remarks of Iiis obi frii»i»l Archdeacon McEncroe. " -Their power ami fores HIIOIIIII go"to tho. hi'iir't'of his Lordship, if.afi^r reading these, ' and ..hearing .that they hud le?u a-isented to hy that uiKC'hig,' be da ed to brnvj tho consequences of peridsthig in Iii« pi-niiqlinj* policy,, bc was a -muru : obstinate mun (lian no (Mr. Lloyd) gnvo\\. bim' credit f.ir being. This ino vernen t was not so much f>r themselves us for their sister colony...They must go to her aid, for when their assistance was invoked how could they refuse.. The disease must bo eradi- cated. Thts'wus a subject which was agitating tho British public as well as tho people of the¿o colonies. Tba British people saw that they wira not to he trifled with, and. that thoy were fast giowing info an importance wholly imoxpented. Tho present generation uiigbt. die away before that consummation, hut ' their children,' at all events, would seo theso colonies become a great and mighty empire. They, were not entirely without sympathy from their British frieuds. Ho held iu his hand a letter written hy a gentle- man in Vau Diemen's Land, Stating that he ho<l received a lotter from an ' English merchant named Jlr. Brooks, requesting him to place £100 on his'itecount at.tho. disposal of tho League ;«» resist Transportation. ' When a mau in his position dime forward in'.this noble manner lo show his . sympathy- with . them there " must be ninny others who were heartily i o teres ted in tho cause.- Their worthy .Chairman was about' to visit Van Diemeu's Land, and he wished to carry with him that meeting's expression of its sym- pathy with the cause of the; Tasmanians. That expression could not . be. misunderstood, and ho wished his.friends in.tho sister colony wero here to witness.it: ^ He hoped.tliât^Slr. Cowper would curry" with, him to tho shores, of' Tasmania some- thing of tho ardour of this'meeting. That ho would let the Tasmanians know that lt wns.tha determination of tho people bf Ss'ow South .Wales, while tho links of this chain Mof transportation were round their brethren's, necks, to spare neither sympathies, energies, nor ciel lions, to destroy them. ,'..; -: " ' Tho resolution having been, put, was carried unanimously. ¡..-il The CiiAiiiHAN, in rofereiice to the romnrksnf some of the previous' spongers,' would take this opportunity of stating, that it would be one of his first duties'after , his arrival .in Van Diemen** Land, to comm unicate.tp the good folks of that colony nil that had taken place .this ovening, and particularly tho very warm and-energetio manner in which thoy had expressed -'their sympathies with (hose colonists, in their arduous s'rnggles to get rid .of the truly degrading curse of" con victism. (Cheers). * ' ??'" . : Mr. SIMMONS :. -After the able and'.eloquent speeches thoy had'listened to. that evening, it witt utitieccessary, to detain thom hy any remarks of his. They had fully.and cordially rcspondod to . tho resolutions, and had evinced, that a strong nnd abiding sympathy with their neighbours in tho sister colony, had animated them all. Ho wished now to »sk the meeting to join with, him in a simple act of justice, and he was sure they would, heartily respond to his request. But before doing so ho would move, that John Lamb, Esq., M.L.C., take the eliittr. ' ' ? . . . Tho resolution having been carried, and Mr. Lamb having taken tho chair, Mr. SIMMONS resumed : They'were all familiar with the niauy valuable services which tho gontloman who had just left the. chair, had rendered in the causo 'of anti-transportation. Ile had entered that cause at.tho first, and would no doubt continue iii it until. victory liad '.been achieved. (Cheers). Ho hoped, therefore, that thoy would-give him.'.'th roo hearty, three boisterous cheers- cheers that might ..be.: heard jn Van Diemen's Land. *.!. ¡ ;', ...".'.' ? -kl'hree vociferous cheers were, then given, to which Mr. Cowper suitably" responded,«and the meetjng, which was quiet and orderly through- out, separated. . . 