Hst0-tfUaii*0u# aaxu^ict*. ENGLlSti EXECUTION. ? I was at Brighton early on the katnrday morning, on business. There was but little wind, and, when the sun shone, which it did almost without cessation throughout the day it was as hot as though the day were July. My business was over ny a nine »ncr iCU o'clock. I strolled ja few minutes on the cliff, admiring the pretty Amazons and. the bold riding-masters, so conscious of their proud position. I held mute converse with one of the roost melancholy monkeys I hava ever beheld, crouching mournfully before aa organ on which a child ot sunuy Italy was grinding dolefully an anatomical preparation (so cadaverous was it) of the Marseillaise. In the midst of the hot dusty Sevne, with Us brown herbage, and waterless fountain, and fareless cabs, and memberlesa club and _-:..^ioBO nnlAfip. it looked (the monkey. I mean) like the ghost of George the r-ourth 1 lamenting over the ruins of the Paviliion. g He (the monkey) spat on the penny I yave | him, for luck, or seemed to do so ; and I lelfc | him scratching his head with an aspect of the j most dreadfully woebegone perplexity. I I 'ooked in at the Town Hall, where me jucige I of the County Court was giving 'a dreary I decision about a smoky chimney ; 1 looked I in at the Police Court, where an agricultu- 1 ral labourer (with at least fourteen pounda of I hardened clay on each of his boots), was under examination, charged with breaking another A. L s head (,ne migui uavc uccu ma twin brother, he was so like him, clay and . all) with a bench, or a four-legged table, or some light article of that sort, in a beer-shop. But I did not incline to Brighton, that not I Saturday morning. Brill's bath, W right b library, bathing-machines,, shell- pic&iug;, beach-wandering, or the Ocean Queen yacht with its three cruises a day at a shilling per head, had no charms for me. I determined to walk to the station and go back to London. The first feat I accomplished, just as the clock struck the half-hour after ten. 1 tounu the station crammed witb people— men, women, and children— in their holiday clothes. Sussex in general, and Brighton in particular had come out in immense strength. i Coventry had done its duty nobly, for me ribbons were prodigious. Manchester, had I «. ? « l .t. _ ,) :„.,! .i ir fif* nrinl-pri not not nincneci, anu me uiopx^ *-? r ? - , tons was enormous. There were married I couples with their families, loving coup.es, old men and young. 'Ha !' I said u- myself, u I see— a fair 1' I was confirmed in my impression by the si«ht of bottles, and baskets, and bundles. 'A fair,' Isaid, 'certainly ! Where are they going V% ' To Lewes,' said the guard with a knowing wink. Now, I wanted a little pleasure, a little excitement, for I waB dull ; hipped, to tell the trutn, oy urn ..**- and the dust, the smokej- chimney decision and the melancholy monkey ia the Seyne. I will go to Lewes and see the fair ! I thought. 1 put my London return ticket in my pocket and bought a return ticket to Lewes. 1U» train was very full, and to Lewes I weni to the fair. , The newspapers said there were between three and four thousand persons present and know best ; to my mind ana to my ey*. -««- were ten thousand living souls screaming, fighting, roaring with gipsy jollity in rent of Lewes Gaol, where the fair was held. ; Besides the crowds of holiday-makei. : who had come with me from Brighton, ther« , were- thousands more who had poured m from the whole oountrj-aide— from Howe, Chiddingley, Patcham, AllinghorsV U»r , ward^s ^ath-=ven from Chichester on be . one side, and Crawley and Reigate on^j ; other. It was a rare sight I Stout yeomj , on horseback, with fibers in their coats ana , I in their headstalls ; lounging dragoons from the cavalry barrack on the l.ewe» .«-, women in crowds, gaily dressed, very merr. 1 holding up their little children to see tt« 1 show - ^white-haired old agriculturist. » snowy smock frocks, and leaning on rticWj 1 picturesque old dames in scarlet cloalcs, id I might hLTa been worn by t^^grand'^eh8C \ when George the First was king; Uib«»« brown-faced urchins, farm *™™™'~i» catchers, and bird-scarers ; ciowds of n*»w -rough customers-ugly customers, to say the truth-very cbalky. indeed, Btriped-ng I capped, gigantic-suoed, and carrying JJ keg8 of beer slung by ^.**X 1 gangs of true genuine Bniub acafflF, «» 1 genuine agricultural vagabonds—- incorrigible poachers, irreclaimable drunkards at wakes and feasts, enlisting in foot-regiments and deserting the day afterwards — hawking crockery-ware, or doing dawling work in Kent — sometimes in hopping time — brawlers in the ale-houses*— not adverse to a little bit of bureWy on the quiet, with crapes over thftir laces end shirts over their clothes. A^ro a great many policeman on horseback, pnd on foot. What could so many of them he wanting, now, at a fair? At a fair, too, where there were hawkers of cakes and fruit ; where there were games and sports going on 88 at any other fair ; where mirth and jollity seemed universal to reign, where th«y were caliing for sale, *' Applet, oranges, pinger-beer, and bills oi lite play.' Yea! bills of the play! 1. saw line-, pil'iicu un yiay-uiit |jnv-ci vtuii el (UUC wood-cut at the top; indifferently printed, very indifferently spelt. I read it. ' The hat dying speech and confession of Sarah Ann French, executed at Lewes for the murder of her husband at Chiddingley.' This was the. sight the people had come to see; haa waited from six o'clock in the nsoring to get a good place at. All the public-houses and beer-shops {Lewee boast a (air proportion) were crowded. The taps were continually at work; such liuieiness had not been done since the railway \\*as opened. Kager conversations were car ried on in these hostehies. Had the crimi nal confessed ? ' Did her epuk?' the agri culturists asked. Old stagers related their impressions and reminiscences of former murders and hangings. Of Holloway, of Corder, Maria Martin, and the Red Baron ; , of men hanged for setting fire to hay racks, for smuggling, and for burglary ; o! criminals who bade gone to the gallows singing psalms, or who had been banged in chains, or brought to life again by the first touch of the sur geon's anatomising knife. Most of the better class of shops in the High-street were closed ; their inmates were either afraid of the rouuh visits of the mob returning from the execution, or they were going to see it, themselves. I wandered to and fro, noting these things, wishing to go away, a hundred times ; turning, as many times, my feet towards the station ; but ever [finding myself as twelve o'clock approached, with my back against a wall, and my eyes fixed on the black stones of the prison, the awful scaffold and the hot sun shining over all. All this time the shouting, and singing, and cake- and fruit vending, were going on with redoubled vigour in the crowd, getting denser every moment. Now, bets begin to be laid whether the prisoner would die game or not, and odds were freely taken j the pro aeeuings oeing cnversinea oy a renow screecn iog out a doggerel ballad on the culprit's life and crimes, to the tune of ' Georgy Barnwell,' and by a few lively fights. And aU this time, I suppose, they were tryiug to infuse as much strength into the wretched women inside the gaol as would be sufficient to enable her to come out and be hanged without assistance. All this time, I suppose (for I have no certain knowledge on this subject), there was the ^tisual hand-shaking, and the usual worthy governors hoping that evervthine had been done to make the prisoner ' comfortable' (comfortable, God help her !), and the usual ordinaries praiseworthily endeavouring to pour into ears deaf with the surity of death tidings of heaven's mercy and salvation. 1 stood with my back against the wall, now completely jammed and wedged in, very fcick, and trying vainly to Bhut my eyes. There was a dull buzzing singing in my ear«, too, in addition to the noise of the crowd. W bich roBe to a roar, to a yell, as some one came out upon the scaffold. But it was not the principal performer. It was a man who, shading his eyes with one of his large Lands, glanced curiously, though coolly, at the crowd, and stamped on the planking, and east scrutinising glances at the divers com ponent parts of the apparatus of death. This was the executioner. He knew his trade, said his admirers in the crowd, did Calcraft— - Another roar— a howl. Bootings, groans find screams of fainting women. The crowd swaying to and fro ; the glazed hats and batons ol the struggling policemen shining io the sun like meteors. ?.??? Two men brought, out and op, a bundle of clothes— bq it seemed to Die, for I am naturally ehortsighted, and was, besides, giddy and confused. It waB propped up by Borne one, while the man with the large hands nimbly moved them about the bundle. Then it and he stood side by side ; and, on the bundle, was something white — the cap, I suppose— which I have seen hundreds of times since-— which [ shall see lo my dying day— which I can see now, close I my eyes ever so much, as I bend over this paper. There waa no roar ing, but a dead, immutable silence. One sharp rattling cry there was, of Hats off!' (whether in reverence and awe, or to see the show the better, I know not) ; another cry there was, a grasp, rather, from thousands of breasts, as the drop came lumbering down, and the executioner (you Would almost have thought be would have fallen with his victim) who had stepped nimbly on one side, gazed on his work complacently. Then the ele ments of the crowd, swaying more than ever made a great rush to the beer-houses, or refreshed themselves from their own private stores— yelling, screaming, and laughing heartily ; then the cake and fruit trades re commenced, and apples, oranges, and bills of the play were cried vigorously. — Dicken's Household Words. 