THE WEA.T EXilïWTUm I (JP'rmjl* Timf>, October 10.) ., The lost äct. of a most eventful drama lins, been played out to ¡ts close, and the Great Exhibition of the Industry of AU Nations is now a thing of tho past.' After months of excitement, wo at length begin to see tho. vost spectacle in au historical point of. view, and, looking at it in that light,'though there;may be some.mattere which are open to cavill tho puWie will be disposed to pass gently over faults in the execution of a novel design, and. to feely as we do, nothing but regret at the unavoid- able termination of a display the grandeur of which waa only equalled by its practi- cal bearings upon the' economy of labour throughout tho world. ?. Wo could have wished that the Great Exhibition-'had gone óttt with more " prestige aúd pomp of observance. We 'still think that! an im- mense nuwruit of public enthusiasm on that Score has been left unsatisfied j . but it tyu*eléa¿' ;hó\v to egress borrow and' disappointment which are .unavailing. Tho lloyal- Commission has undoubtedly had \- dillicult cards to play,' and[ wo are willing to accept tho .necessities of their position .s in,'somo dogree an apology, for their, condnet. , Dealing with au ¡ cvont like tho Groat'Exhibition; wo 'must accept ? much; of wliat.haa. taken place as . experimental ia it» . chai'actcr,.and bb content to . regard tito, motive as, to a groat extent, justify- ing the means. It was'natural that the lloyal Commission,' .feeling. themselves' compromised by; the jwhólo' system of jury awards, should endeavour to back as quietly i and unostentatiously' as possible' , out of " '." ' 'position wliero, in point of credit, they had every- thing to lose and nothing to. gain. On tho one hand, they ha<l a public raised to thé. highest pitch of enthusiasm, and .- eager, 'to''- find channels in which their feelings might, legitimately find vent ; on ? the' other they wore pressed by disagree- able anticipations of coming storms of J'ustieo inadequately done, of preferences difficult to defend, atid of rivalries awa- kened which could not. bo. soothed into " acquiescence. Regarding tho' ceremonial of ^yesterday in tho light which ia thus cast upon it, we cannot be surprised that it shou'd have assumed as formal, reserved and busihoss-liko a character ns circum- stances permitted-that there should have ? beep.'' barely enough display to keep the 20^000. or 25,000 people who witnessed it in gootV humour, aud that, in point of . Beding cfToct, it should fall far short of the popu'ar demonstration, unaided by any; programme, which took placo on Satur- day.- Tho weather was greatly> against it, for if rained incessantly and heavily ihronghout tho ' day, ami the'depressiusr influence: of - exposure '? to wet, and mud is too well'known in this country to require any ; coininpiit. Oddly enough, however, this unfavourable disposition of the skios was góncraíly attributed to tho absence of lier .Majesty, and in everybody's mouth expressions of regret were heard that the Queen Und. the sunshine, which ¿he almost invariably, brings . along with, her, ;.woré, noithor of them , forthcoming on tho occa- sion.' "So heavily did "it fain that an idea .nt ono time, entertained of,removing' the ?p'atiyas- from . .tho. . roof of ; tho nave, and i thusî . securing a novel .effect ; in. tho . interior, was -abandoned., Thc leakage also, for' the first ¿¡me almost since the, opening, was felt to be nu inconvenience, and umbrellas were © von raised as a protection io < ladies' .diossosot oho cir; two points in the tran- sept.' ; If yesterday is to, be regarded as tho funeral of tho. Exhibition the clouds wore' most, layish in their . display of '/ aympathy. . for .that mournful i «vent, - and tb ; more. * tbari ., one' mind the popular saying recurred,.", blessed is the corpse that tho rain rains on." Tho arrival of about 25,000 people at Hip build- ing, iii.tbo midst of so much'wet and dis- comfort testifica" pretty strongly to the: in- terest with which the closing ceremony was' regarded ;nor, had tho issüe óf ad- missions, boen twice,; or, eyen throb times os numerous, is thcro any reason to belie vc that a corresponding increase in tho attend nuco would not haye been manifested; In accordance, however^.'wjth tho. plan, of tho programme, which embraced.' no procession,, mid contemplated acte confined to ono spot iii tho centre pf ' the building; the humber bf nictations authorised by the commission wnsjimitcd.: . Tho display of peopled thbre foro, was not.comparable in point of eifect to what it has'been at various'tiincs^ ' and this1 ncçèssity' of tho occasion further throw; upQii tho Executive 'Committee the disa- greeable and repulsivo duty of refuging an' " immense number of applications'coming from itipst ^influential' quarters^ and' yet .which, they, felt .ought, not to bo'granted; There wore obvious bounds to tho number of pooplo < who could bo enabled to witness the cerciiiony ' proposed, and when tho ox hibitors, tho jurors, tho foreign and local commissioners, tho members o f the Society, of Arts,' and others who;'had given'their 'àervjeoB'';.'1tq tho'; Exhibition, had; been mutably adcoiiîmpdatcd, ? there,remained room for nono else. . Largo exclusions therefore, ? ,óf ¡ persons desirous '?' "pf being present, and cntitlbd, tindor' ordinary circiimstnnccs, became unavoidable., ' It will alad be understood from this that tho proceedings Wcro almost of a private cha* factor," tho.; general -public \ being j nearly unrepresented, '. and .tho spectators being nearly- .all. inoro pr less concerned ill the Exhibition. Of tho aspcot which tho in tenor presented beforo 12 o'clock, when the business bf tho' day .commenced, it is unnecessary to say much. ,. Tho Crystal Palnco hnB .now frequently boen scon' in tho occupation of much larger assemblages than .? that i collected thoro yesterday,. that there was little of 'striking novelty in the ^ppearancoI which.'¡it.triade;'; 1 On ;a spacious platform, oroctod. on tho ¿ito'of tho crystal 'fountain, anihcpvorediwith soarlot cloth, n largo .table .had boon placed, .with,chairs ol' all " nntitósi"'arráiígcd round it1 fdr"tho [axs ttvramojnÍiiti.ó.n''«f.'tho, .l^yàl.:Ûommtssj{bn. For 'Iiis Uoyith Highness, as President, tho 'splendid ivory' throne presented by tliö Knjah , of Trayancorp to Wt Majesty was placed/nuil, to'ronlier hi»position more! Îfoiispintiotis,'' it\w*4»7wised' a little above ¡ 'tho lovo'l bf'7 tho platform. Under'this chair of «tate a «mal!, but superb, Indian carpet won spread, < Tba aroa vf tho trans j »opt bad been reserved for tho foreign and local commissioners, the jurors, the Indy exhibitors, and others entitled to n special privilege of ' eutry, and soats for them were disposed in' such a manner round the platform'that they had tho utmost fa-' : cititics : which ' the construction ; of the building 'afforded for seeing and hearing the proceedings! Exhibitors; members of the Society of Arts, chairmen, secretaries, and members of local committees,, and i all others not entitled ; to enter at thc south entronco, were admitted nt the eastern and western. ends of tho building, and bf course took up such positions in the nave, or the galleries overlooking it; as appearer i to them best adapted: for securing a good view of thé; ceremony: / To help them the : various flags and banners with wh|ch the interior was ornamented were ali .struck, i Large objects likely to obstruct the sight,1 such, for instance, ns Keith arid Co/s Bilk trophy and the pUes of Canadian timber, were removed. Many of tho statues that, filled, tho north end of the transept were also swopt away,.and in general terms as much space as possible was cleared towards the centre of the building,.in order,that the attention of spectators might be con- centrated upon that point, ' As the time ', appointed for commencing, the business of tlie day. approached;-tho choir formed by the Sacred Harmonic Society took up its position in the south gallery, of the tran- sept, and in the absence of Mr. Costa, Dr. ¡Wylde presided. Everything was now in | readiness. The reserved seats were .occu . pied ' by a numerous and distinguished : company. among whom, and close to the platform, were . Lord John Russell, Sir Charles Wood, the Earl Carlisle, Sir George Groy, Mr. Labouchere, the Bight Honi Fox Mar ie, and other members of the Government. Several of tho - diplo- matic powers were also present, and among tliem the American, Prussian, and Belgian Ministers. Beyond the limits of the tran- sept, the nave east and west for a. con- siderable way* was crowded with specta- tors, and the galleries commanding a view of the central point almost as far aa the eye could reach. Precisely itt 12 o'clock the Royal Com- mission, headed by the Executive Com- mittee, moved in a snecios of procession front their apartments ' to the platform. I They were accompanied by the Bishop of London in his robes/ and on - their appear- ance the immense assembly rose and wel- comed them with loud cheers, while the choir performed the first verso of the Na- tional Anthem: . Having taken their seats, Viscount Canning, on behalf of the juries, rose and read the following report of their proceedings: Having had tho honour of noting as President, of tho'Council of Chairmen of tho Juries^ it falls' . to mb to lay before tvour Boya! Highness' and her' : Majesty's Comiuieinoacrs the reports of tiie seve ! ral juries upon tho subjects., submitted to thom1 'for .examination, and tue names of the ex- hibitors, whom they have judged entitled to re-; . wards. ,' In doini* sb. it will be convenient that I should Btáto briefly tho principio upon, which, by tho au- thority of her Majesty's Commissioners, tho juries wore constituted. ' . The various subjects included in tho Exhibition 'were,divided, in. tho first instance, into thirty ! classes. Of these, two woro subsequently found 'to, embrace fields of action too large for Bingle juries, and we're therefore divided into sub-juries. This increased the number of acting juries to thirty- four. , . . .', Each of these thirty-four juries consisted of an j erjual. number of British subjects and of fo ' reigiiers.' Th» British jurors were selected by her ; Majesty's Commissioners from lists furnished by . tho local committee of various towns, each town being invited tb recommend persons bf skill mid information in 'the manufactures or produce for which lt is remorkhb'le. The foreign jurors were appointed by authorities in their own countries, in suoh relative proportion amongst' themselves as .was agreed upon by the foreign commissioners sent .here to 'represent their respective govern- ment«. ?' I i .In the event of a jury finding themselves de- ficient in technical knowledge of any article sub ; mitteil to them, they were empowered to call in the aid of associates. Theso associates, who ' acted os advisers only, without a vote, but whose services wore of the greatest value, wore Beloated either, from tho juryraen'of other classes, or from tho lists of persons who had been recommended nsi jurors, but who had not been permanently ap- pointed to ¿ny jury.' . Each jury, was superintended1 by a chairman,' chosen from its. numbers by her.Majesty's Com ! missioners. Tho deputy-chairman and the re- porter .were elected by the . jurors them- selves.- . -, ,! ' '' ; Suoli was the constitution of tho 34 juries' talton singly. They, did'not,' howover, act inde- pendently of each, other, inasmuchI ns,' they were associated into six groups, each' group consisting of such juries ns' had to deal with subjects in some degree, of kindred nature ¡ and bc'foro any decision of a jury could bo corisidcred ns fin d it was required that it should be, brought before t\xo ossenlbled group of which that jury foraod a part, and. that it should be approved by them.- .' . ;' , . -, '.' '.'j' .. '' ;"' ' ' ...The-chief object of this provision, was, that nono of/tho many foreign nations taking part in' tho Exhibition should incur the risk of seeing ita-,.interests' overlooked or. neglcotcd from' tho' accident (an unavoidable one in many instances) of .ita being unrepresented iii any particular , j««y..-;\' . . :. '. ..Each group of juries received tho assistance of¡.a dapuiy-cominisstaner and of a special com- missioner,appointed by her ! Majesty's Commis- sioners, to record its proceedings, to furnish in formation . respecting' tho arrangements of the I Exhibition, and otherwise to i'ucilitato the labours , of ; tho juries composing tho group. 'it was iurthor determined by ncr Majesty's Cominissioncrs tlint tlio chairmen of tho juries, consisting of British subjects . and of foreigners in .equal numbers, sliotild bb formed into' a ! council, and that thu duties of the council should bu to determino thc conditions upon which, in: ncoordaneo with certain general principles pre- viously laid down hy her MnjcstyY Commis-, sjomrs, tito il i (feront prives. should bo awarded ; to , frumo rules ' to guido tho working of thc juries; und to secure, as fur ns possible, unifor formity. in tho.result of their proceedings. ' , These aro thu most important .features of tho system, u noa which tho jurors lound themselves organised.;; I will now . refer briefly to thoir CQiirsopf action ".' ', . .Tho Council pf Chairmen, in proceeding to tho discharge of, 'their duties, were met'.At tho out'iict bv.a.sonqus dillinultyT iHor Majesty's1 Coiniiihv. stoners had expressed thomsulvcs desirous 'that merit should bo rowavded wherever it prosontcJ {.self, but, anxious to .avoid tho "recognition of competition bótwoeii'lndlyidu'al exhibitors. They had .also decided that tho prir.es should consist iii three t modula tpf difi'ircnt. sir.e^ T uinl that those sliould.be aivardçdi, not as first, second, arid-third in dogroe fir tho siiino class ol' subjects and meriti bitt as. marking merit of difieren t kinds und cha- racter. -. . 7' ' ' ' " ' .: Tho, Council of Chairmen found, to their rogret, that jt would bo impossible to lay. down any rulos for .tho. awarding of tho. throb moduli, by willoh . tho appoiirniiou, at,' leiat,'pl denoting ' Jilfaront degrees, of .sinsecss 'among exhibitors in thu same .brauuh of production could ' bb avoided. - AcoorVl ingly, after fully explaining tlioir dilliculty to Hoi Mitjosty's Couiniisslouera, they requested, as a pou'rw by which it might bo matirinlly diminished, that one ol'til» medals might be withdraw«. Of tba remaining two, they sugíjostel that one (the prize meda!) should bo conferred .wherevur a certain standard of ' excellence in production or workmanship had been attained-utility, beauty, cheapno-is.' ad:iptation to particular marketa, and other elements of. merit being taken into conside- ration according to- tho untura of the object.; and they rccüiiinuÑJed; that this modal should be awarded by the juries, subject to confirmation by tho'groups;-'1 ' . ' " : :In regard, to- the other and larger medal, they suggested that the conditions of its award should be some important novelty of invention or ap'nli-. cation, cither in. material or processes of manu facture, or originality combined with great beauty oi'dosizii ; but tliat'it should not be conferred foi excel leuce of production or. workmanship alone, however eminent; and they further suggested thiit'this'medai should bo awarded by the Council bf Chairmen, upon thé recommendation of a jury, supported by its group., L The principle thu» described met the views ol her Majesty's Commissioners, and. was subse- quently further developed by them in a minute which they communicated to the Council bf Chair- men. (See Appendix CV Its application, how- ever, was not without difficulties, especially as regarded the foreign jurors. Many of these had taken part in. the national exhibitions of france und Germany;' and to - them tho distinctive cha- racter of tho two medals, and the avoidance of all recognition of degrees of merit between tho recipients of prizes were novel principles, and at variance with their experience ; iuasinucú as one !of the chief'purposes.of the national exhibitions bf -' the continent hos been . to distinguish the various decrees of suecos* attained by rival exhi- bitors. ??<? ," *. - - _ .i ! ' It was not to be expected, therefore, that cases ¡would arise iii' which tho'council medal, as the higher ward, would be asked for exhibitors whose claims were only somewhat stronger in degree, without differing in kind from . those of. others tb whom the prize modal bad been awarded. lu such cases it ' bCeamo the duty of the Council of Chairmen'to rofuao their sanotion to the award of the council modal, without, however; necessa- rily impugning tile alleged superiority of the article for which it was demanded. On the other blind, some instances have oconrred in which they have felt themselves called upon to confirm the claim to a council modal where the object for which it was claimed showed, in itself, less merit of execution or . manufacture than others of its class, lt follows, thcroforo, that the award of a council medal does not necessarily stamp its re- cipient as a hotter m inufacturor or producer than others who have received the prize medal. . It is rather a mark of. such - invention, ingenuity, or originality, as may bo expected to exorcist) un influence upon iudustry more extended, arid more important, than could be produced by moro excel- lence ot manufacture. . . ' : ... -This is to be borne In mind in considering the list of awards which I have the : honour to lay before your Royal Highness ; and I trust that it Will be found that tho juries have succeeded in doing justice to: tho exhibitors of every nation and class, and that they have not departed in any important degree from the purpose of her Majesty's Commissioners. . ' Une of the first instructions addressed to thc juries by the Council of Chairmen was to the effect that tho prisas should be awarded without, reference to the country of tho exhibitors, the. Exhibition being considered in thia respectas recognising no distinction of nations. It is gratifying to add that tho jurors of every country cordially acquiesced in this principle, and that, notwithstanding unavoidable differences bf opinion, uninterrupted harmony.prevailed among them throughout the whole course of their labours.' It is not too much to hope that tho happy influence of this intorcourso may extend and endure for: beyond thc present occasion. It is not necessary that I should detain your Royal Highness and her Majesty's Commissioners with a recital of the other instructions framed' by the Council of Chairmen for the guidance of the juries, or with a detailed; account of their proceedings in the discbarge of their own func- tions. ? The number of prize modills awarded is 2,918. Tho number of council medals ls 170. , It is.important to observe that no more than ono' medal of either denomination has been al- lotted to ono exhibitor in the same alass, although ho may have contributed to the class moro than ono arriólo deserving of reward. . The juries.have found it just, in framing their reports, to make honourable mention of certain exhibitors whose contributions were not such us to entitle them to receive a medal. Somo have supplied specimens of ' raw materials, which, although curious and instructivo, do not imply any great merit bf production on tho part of thu oxhibitor ; and others have furnished articles of manufacture which, without reaching a high degree of excellence, are interesting as examples of tho processes, or present condition, of the trades which they illustrate. Before concluding, I trust I may bo allowed to odd that it would be difficult duly to estimate the the time end labour expended by the jurors in their endeavour to discharge faithfully thc im- portant duty confided to them. The number of exhibitors was about 17,000. Of these many, who were reckoned but once in the catalogue, contributed a large variety of objects and came . within the province of more than one jury ; while in other oases, towns, and even whole countries, wera counted OB single exhibitors, although they presented for examination every kind of manu- facturo and raw produce which their ingenuity I and natural resources could furnish. Upon the whole, the task of the juries involved the consi- deration and judgment of at least 1,000,000 arti- cles ; tho difficulties attending it being not a little increased by a want of uniform system of classi- fication of the subjects in some of tho foreign divisions, and by unavoidable imperfections in tho catalogue. In those circumstances the juries can scarcely venturo to hope that accidental omissions may not have occurred; but they have tho satisfaction of libeling that theso, if nny, nre not attributable to a want of caro or diligunoe on their part. It now only remains for mo in laying tho result I of our labours respectfully before your ltoyal Highness and Her Majesty's Commissioners, to oiror.on behalf of my colleagues and my eui f, our grateful-acknowledgment of tho honourable confi- dence whioli you have placed in us, and to express tho hope that we shall bo found to have fulfilled our trust in i» manaor'worthy-of tho noble un- dertaking in which weare proud to have been called upon to bear a part. Iiis .Lordship was choorod. at tho close of his address, and concluded by present- ing a list, which wo subjoin, of the names of those exhibitors entitled to rewards, to- gether with tho reports of tho juries. Tho passages of the foregoing document, which refer to the subject of the council medal appeared to attract considerable at- tention, ahd not to meet with tho approval of sonic of the .foreign commissioners. They will be found to confirm in tho strongest manner all that wo havo recently said upon that point, and it may be noted as a singular exemplification of the awk- ward position, in which tho commission is placed with regard to this matter, that Lord Canning should in one paragraph show tho merit of winning a council modal, and ia anothor. do all ho could to depre- ciate it. < i- ?. .? ...ti . ... i ... ' . .HisBoynl Highness, haying received the reports .'presented, >ead with much cinpha BÍS, . and, especially towards tho close, the following reply-i < . . ..'» ? ? .My Lord-The Roy ni Commissioners aro much Indebted to y'our Lordship aiid to tho distinguished gctitloracii bf this olid, other' nations, who hnvb «ctéd'bti'tho/jark'á intrusted 'with..tho.award of tlio'pvlzçs intho'rouent'Kxhlbliion, for tho cual with .willoh thoy have'undertnholi, and the ability with which thoy havo fulfilled, thc task which hnsbefcii'allotted' to 'thom. Tho commissioners ure sensible that tho services of those gentlemen have, in imiiiy instanciB, bebti rendered nt groat Inconvenience to themselves, and st the sacrifice of very viiluablo time and of important avoca (ion*, H ¡9 with piiJ« »nj pleasure "that" they liav» noticed ii» the lists ul' titos? who Iwvo per» formed tins service to the Exhibition tho uufues ol' men of every nation, of tho most exalted muk, und of tho most eminent reputations in states- manship, in science, in literature, in mumiliic tures, in commerce, and in tho lino mts ; of men in every ri-spact well calculated, not-only to form a correct technical judgment upon the merits of tho articles submitted' to their inspection, but also to maintain the" high character which thc commissioners have uniformly striven to impart to the Exhibition, . . ;,. . . . ? '! ln.no department of thc vastundertaking which has' just '.been, brought ' toa' happy'close' »vero greater difficulties to have bccn*approhended that m that in which your Lordship mid your ominent colleagues . have given your assistance. On this, the first oceasion. on which the produc- tions of the. different nations of the gibbo have over been brought togethor for -tho purpose of comparing their. several merits, not only'were' prejudices and jealousies' to \ have .been' expected to interfere,with the decisions,' but the natura of the COSA presented many difficulties of a formid- able charaoter to'the formation of a judgment which should appear satisfactory to all. ? The names of tho jurors, indeed, whoa onoo made known, were of themselves a sufficient guarantee for that impartiality which waa essential to the fulfilment of their task ; and, from all that has como to the knowledga of tho Rovnl Commission- ers during the progress of . their, labours, they aro' fully satisfiod that every award has been ' made with ibo' most' careful consideration, utter tho 'most ampio and laborious investigation, and upon grounds most strictly honourable, just, and candid. l.t. . .. ;. '.. ... . * . But, although the high character,of.<the'jn-. rora would,havo.'fully justified tho oommh^o^ers In intrusting them with the; award,of the'.prîtes without fettering their discretion with ány'in [structions whatever,, had nothing » morn t lita'.'au impartial decision been required, there, wore dilfi etiltiesof avery peculiar nature inherent to the task, which seemed to render noccssary tba adop- tion of some regulations that might at first sight appear to havo been somewhat arbitrary intheir character. . -The differences in tho wauts of the various nations have necessarily impressed their several manufactures with, different character-, istias, it' would Becin to be almost impossible for those who ' havo: been', in tho habit of judging tho productions ot' their own country by ono standard to enter fully ¡uta merits which can only be properly appreciated by another standard, since tho very points which m tho ono caso appear to bo excellences, may in the other, not unnaturally, bc taken ns defects. The' con- sideration, end a knowledge of tho evils which were to be apprehended from nny accidental erroneous décision, in a matter so intimately con- nected with tho commercial interests of every nation, induced the Koyal Commissioners to lay down for the guidance of thc juries those prin- ciples to which your Lordship bus referred. , It would, perhaps, havo beon moro interesting" to tlio publio had the commissioners instructed the ,j unes to follow the practico wh ich has «símily prevailed in.the exhibitions of individual nations, ? and to grant medals of different degrees, to mark the graduations of excellence amoug.theexhi-| biters ; but they feel that they havo adopted tho safer course, and that which was upontlié whole.. most in accordance with the feelings of.. the majority of the exhibitors, in directing that no distinction should bo made between their merits,' if their productions came up to the 'standard requisite to entitle them to a prize, but that:all should, without exception, take tho same rank and receive tho same medal. The commissioners, however, considered it right to place at tho dispos;»! of tho Council of Chair- men a peculiar or ' Council' modal in the cases to - . whioh your Lordship has referred.' . ; Important ; . discoveries in ninny brunches of sciehco. and of. manufactures havo in this Exhibition been brought under tho notice of tho public ; and-it :socms just that those who havo rendered services of this' kind to tho world should receive a special mark.of. .acknowledgment on, an^oocaaion, which, has} rendered so conspicuous tho advantages which the. many haye derived from the discoveries of. the low. ; '"'. " """ \ '? - ? : . Tho grant of the Council medal for beatify of design mid for excellence in the Uno arts, as np ; plied to manufactures, though thado'iipon a some- what different' 'principle, is also- compo -, tibie with the views of tho commissioners,- since, in the eases in whioh it ha» been given, it does, not mark any greater comparative excellence of. manufacture, or assign to one producer a higher' placo than is accordai! toothers, but is to be re- garded as a testimony to the genius which can . clothe, the, articles required for the use of daily ' lifo with beauty that can please the eye and.in- struct and elevate the mind., Valuable as this inhibition has. proved iii many respect's,'it ap. pears to the commissioners that there is ho direc- tion in which its effects will be moro seusiblyand immediately perceived than in tho improvement which it may be expected to produce in taste, and J the impulse it bas given to the arts of design ; and a special acknowledgment is justly due to I those, who have afforded: the best examples of art, whether pure or applied,.and led the way in this interesting career of improvement. It now remains for the commissioners once moro to return to your Lordship and your col- leagues their cordial thanks ; and they must not omit to include in these acknowledgments tboao gentlemen who haye in various ways assisted you ni your labours, particularly t li oso who have acted with you as associates or experts for the purpose of assisting your judgment in mattera requiring very minuto and special knowledge of particular [subjects ;. and thc commission are well aware .that these gentlemen have frequently boon of tho greatest service. '. In tho hope that tho jurors and associates might desire to possess a lasting memorial of . tho Exhibition, a special, medal, has been struck in commemoration of their . important services. It is tho intention of tho commissioners to publish not only, the names of those to whom the, juries have awarded prises, but also the valuable; reports which they haye prepared on the state of. science, art, 'and manufactures, In tho sevoral branches of the Exhibition with whioh the juries haye beim conversant. ' The Koyal Commis-: sioners fully npprcc'mto the coat nnd talent dis-, Íilayed by . those jurors who have accepted tho nborious office of reporters to th'ejnries ; and they doubt not that tho report's will ' form 'most interesting records, of this Exhibition, und will afford important materials for ascertaining tho. progress ot human industry at any futuro 'time, when another review ot'its productions, Jiko the present, moy be determined on. ^ ~ ?' '. It now becomes my pleasing duty, on behalf bf tho Koyal Commissioners; tb deliver my most sincere acknowledgments and thanks for tho hearty co-operation and support which the Exhi- bition has constantly received from foreign' coun- tries. The foreign'commissioners, who havo left their own countries tosu|>oi'intendthoillustration of their respectivo national industries at.the ,Ex-, hibition, havo ever shown thut desire to aid .tho general arrangements which alone has rendered possible thc success of tho undertaking. To tho Society of Art«, which, by the cxhi-' bitors of words ol national industry, prepared tho way for this international Exhibition, the Royal Commission and tho public feel that thoir ac- knowledgments are especially duo, and tho com- mission have to thank that body for having cur- ried out tho preliminary arrangements to an ex- tent which justified me, us thoir prosidcut, iii tho application which 1 mudo to tho Crown, for tho issue of a Royal Commission. \- The commission bavo also to acknowledge the valuabla scrvico afforded by tho eminent scien- tific and professional men who, on ; tho . sectional committees,' mildil most materially'in founding a scientific basis on which to rear tho Exhibition, To tho local commissioners and momliors of local committocs, but moro cumvially to tliosa who liave undertaken tho onerous duties of secretaries, our beet acknowledgments aro also dub. Without their zealous aid it woiild'havo been impossible to obtain an cfficiont representation - of tho in- dustrial products of their respectivo locar litios. ... . ? , . ? . , \ - : Aud, finally, wo cannot forgot that all tho la- bours of those thus olllcially connected with' tho Kxhlbitlon would havo been lu vain' had it not been for tho boorty goodwill and nssistnnco'äf. tho : whole body,of exhibitors,, both foreign,and Bri- t tish. ¡Tho,«eal .which they have displayed iii; affording a worthy illustration nf 'tho state of tho ; industry of tho nations to whioh they bolong eau only l»>qu»Uoil by the sucitessful effort* nf their industrial skill. The ooinmisi'mu have alway* lind support »nd encourageaient from f lum during UH1 prioress of tito undertaking, uinl they cannot forget low cheerfully they submitted to résilia- tion» essential for their genural good, although sonjeUmes producing personal inconvenience to themselves. If the inhibition be successful in uiiiiug the healthy progress of manufactures, we trust that their cltbrts will meet with a due reward.' ' ' in uow tailing leave of all. those who hovo FO materially aided us ia their- respective characters of jurors and associates, foreign and local com- missioners, members and secretaries of local and sectional committees, members of the Society of Arts and exhibitors, I cannot refrain from re- marking, with heartfelt pleasure, tho singular harmony which lins prevailed amuug the eminent men representing so many national interests-a harmony which cannot end with the event which produced i it. Let. us receive it ns an ' aus- picious omen for tho future ; and, while wc return our humble and hearty thanks to Almighty Owl for the blushing He' has - vouchsafed to our labours', let us all earnestly pray that that Divino Providence which has so beuig nautly wntcbod over and shielded this illustration 'of nature's productions, conceived by human in- tellect, and fashioned by human skill may still protect us, and may grant that this Interchange of knowledge, 'resulting, from the meeting of en- lightened people in friendly, rivalry, may be dis- persed far. and wide over distant lauds ; and thus, by-showing our mutual .dependence on each other,-'ba .a happy 'means of promoting unity among nations, and peace and good-will among the various races of mankind., Tho members of tho Royal Commission remained standing .while tho Prince ad- dressed them, and ,whoh, he proceeded to thank the foreign commissioners for thoir services tho leading members .of that' body advanced! to tho platform.) So it was also when the Prince referred to the Society of Arts, to the council of which body, backed up by its Royal President, it. must always be remembered; that .the country is mainly indebted for tho ¡Great Exhibition. .The close of tho Prince's reply was loudly cheered-a compliment rather: personal than arising from any knowlcdgo of what was said; Copies of Viscount Canning's address had been extensively circulated throughout the building, but not so with j the reply, and people close.to the platform were left to guess at the substance of what his Royal Highness 'said by. the portions of sentences which, occasionally, roached their cars.. All this .was unavoidable in an edifice of such extent, and with so vast : an audience, but it proves how' essential music is to any programme iu tho Crystal Palace ; for, witliont tho services of tho. Sacred Harmonic Society yesterday tho proceedings would have boon the purest and most absurd piece of dumb show.. At the closo of tho Prince's reply, tho second verso of tho National Anthem'was per- formed with great energy ; after which tho Bishop of London offered . up the fol- lowing prayer of thanksgiving :- ... : O, Almighty and Most Merciful God, Futhor of 'all mankind, , who - hnBt made ono - blood, of all nations of men, to serve nnd worship Thee, und jby thôir'words and works to glorify Thy holy name, who didst send thine only Son into tho j world to reconcilo lt unto thoo, and to unite all : men iu one brotherhood of holiness and love ; wo .thine unworthy servants, most humbly beseech ,Theo to accept our offering of prayer and praise: from Thoe alono proceed all good counsels and 'alt usoful.works, and by Thee alono are they co»-, duotod to a prosperous end.. . We acknowledge, with all humility and tlnnk ' fulness, tho graoiou's nnswer whioii thou hast vouchsafed to tho prayers of our Queen and her 'people, in blessing, with a wonderful measure of ; success,' an undertaking designed to exhibit the j glories of Thy creation, to promote tho useful ex ; erciso of. those faculties which thou linet implanted iii the sons of man, and'to encourage the growth of penco and brotherly love. . Wo humbly thank Thee, O Lord, that thou hast graciously prospered the counsels of him .who conceived, and of those who have carried out, that great design ; ' aiid - that Thou liast mer- cifully protected' from harm the multitudes who 'have thronged this building. We uaknowledgo ; it to be of Thy goodness that a spirit of order and mutual kindness, of loyalty to our Sovereign, of obedience to tlio law, und respect for the sanctity ' of Thy Sabbath, has been manifested by the people of this country, in tho sight of those who have been here gathered together from all parts of the World. We thank Thee also, that Thou hast disposed tho hearts of many nations to enter upon a generous 'and peaceful competition' in those ' arts which, by Thy merciful appointment, minis- ter to the comfort of-man, anti redound to Thy glory, os thc Giver of every good and perfect gift. . < ... . We dovontly ' pray, that all may bo led to ocknowlcilgo Thy power,wisdom, and: goodness in the achievements of man's industry and skill, and may depart to their several, hom cs to "speak in their own - tongues, tho wonderful, works of .God." Continue to them, we beseech Thee, Thy favour ¿nd protection ; let Thy good providence conduct them in safety to their nativo land, and bless thom wi th prosperity and ponce. .Grant, O tord, that this gathering of Thy servants from, every'nation muy.be'tho token nnd pledge of u continued intercourse'of mutual kindness between the different branches of Thy universal family. Muy< it contribute to the growth- of . Christian love, and boston the coming-of that blessed, reigii of'peace, when "Cation shall not lift up sword : against nation, neither shall thoy learn war any more." ' . . ; ? .. Lastly, we pray : Theo with Thv. favour, to, behold our Sovereign Lady Queen .Victoria,.the Prince Albert, Albert Prince of Wales, and nil the Hoya) Family; to continuo to this nation thc manifold gilts - which . Thy goodness < hus so lolly abunduntly showered upon it ; to snvo > and de- fend all Christian Kings, Princes, and Governors, and to bless Thy people committed to- their charge. Give them grace that they may iii nil tilings seek Thy honour and glory ; and bo dili- gent in the heavenly work, ofenlightenment and purifying mankind; of diffusing.through the world tho blessings of peace; and of extending the kingdom of Thy dear Son, who' has taught us to approach Thee na our common Patent, mid to say:-? ... .... . . .- :.,:'.-.-.. ** Our Father, which art in Heavon,, hallowed ho Thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will bo done .iii ' earth, ns it is in' heaven'., ' Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our tres- passes ns we forgivo them that trespass, ngaiiist us. ; And lead us not into, temptation,, but -doli-, ver ns.from evil ; for Thine is the kingdom, tho power mid tho glory, for ever nnd ever. Arnon.!' .' The "grace of our1 Lord1 Jesus Christ,1 and-tho lovo of God, and tho fellowship of tho Holy . Ghost, bo with us all evermore; Amen.*' Tho hallelujah chorus formed an 'effec- tive and appropriate termination1 to thc proceedings ? of .tho- day, and- tho Prince' and tho Royal Commissioners, at its conclu- sion, took their departure amid tho hearty .cheors of tho assemblage,: .Aa soon as thoy' were gone tho barriors wore ie? moved, tho wents and other temporary ar- rangements! wero swopt away, and' tho stroke of hammers in every direction told that tho work "of rcmovul and demolition had fairly commenced. The Groat Exhi > bition is now, therefore; fairly at an end. Its fleeting glorios are past, and all that romains of a pageant which has concen- trated on this metropolis tho curiosity of tho-whtole world lies in the results which it loaves behind it, and in tho gigantic build- ing wherein it found 'its temporary home. i Tito rosults will be carefully proBorvcd in a .variety of ways, «ml «bout I hem we have vo ftpprebejjsjoiis, 'l'bo kio pf thc build big is moro doubtful ; hilt wo am uot be- lieve that tito popio of this free and in- dustrial country will allow their first palace to he destroyed hy any department of a Government which rules by their will. Much lesa can we reconcile, ourselves to the thought thut the Commissioner of "Woods and Forests, travelling into a new sphere for the exhibition of their official incompetence and mismanagement, will be permitted to lay their violent hands upon such a structure. Wc preserve carefully the fossil remains of extinct genera, from the bones of tho mcgathorium to tho shells left on mountain tops by tho receding waters of the deluge. Shall we not, then, givo 'robui to that mnrvcllous fabric of glass and iron in which the civilization and progress of man from the beginning of 'time up to the middle pf this 19th cen- tury has found a temporary but marvel- lous resting-place ? Tho marka, of Royal favour aro,' ive understand,'. about to be conferred upon tho designer, ¡the architect, and the en- gineer of the Crystal Palace. Mr. Paxton, Mr.. Fox, mid Mr. Cnbitt aro to ho knighted. Will Lord Seymour, after that, be allowed to pull tho building down ? ; TUB ICNOWSIÍKT SÂI.IÎ.-Tim Knowsley aviary (formed hythe Into Earl of Derby),-which com- paratively: few .havo- neon, but wliiob enjoyed a world- wide celebrity, is numbered witli tho tilings thnt havo been *,'disorder, and confusion rule where «ll was perfect, uniform, and happy. A little torritory, which nlmost realised the fables of old vEsop, in which animals and birds were made to associate regardless of nil. tho Uttlo difficulties of native antipathies and tho awkward circumstances of opposito climates, is despoiled ; tho ruthless invasion of nu auctioneer hud lu's clerk has produced in tlii-r largo "happy family'' tho dire consequences which usually follow in the steps of snell modern foes to domestic felicity ; in a word, tho Knowsley collection, to form which many years of research. wero required, and moro thousands - were expanded, is di>porscd. Tho amount realised by the entire sale is a trifle under £7,000. , Tho high average price of the lots may bo imagined, when it is known flint there were not many moro than COO.--fíéwí of the World. I AcTitKSs'us KAIBKII nv MAIIMAOK,- Tho first person nmoug " tho gentry'' who choso a wife from the stage was Martin folkes, tho antiquary, a man of fortuno, who, about tho year 1718, mar- ried Lucretia Bradshaw, tho representativo of Earquhar'H heroines. A contemporary writer, styles her " one of thc greatest and most promis- ing genii of her time," and assigns her "prudent and cxomplary conduct" as tlio attraction .that won tho, Icurnoii antiquary. The next actress whoso husband moved in Vin clovatcd rank, wns Anastasia Kobinson, .tho singer. The great Lord Peterborough, tho hero of tho Spanish war, tho. friond of .i'ope and Swift, publicly honoured .Anastasia ns his countess in 1735. Jn four years after, tho Lady Henrietta Herbert, daughter of James, first Earl of Waldegrave, and widow of Lord Edward Herbert, bestowed her hand on James Beard tho performer. Subsequently, about the middle of tho 18th century, Lavinia Beswick, .tho original Polly lVáchum, beenmo Duchess of Holton. .Tho next on record was Miss Liniey's . marriage with Sheridan, ono of tho most roman- tic episodes in theatrical unions ; and before tho ; 18th century closed, Elizabeth Fiirron, a perfect gentlewoman, became the countess of the proud-' cst earl'in England,, tho representative of thc illustrious Stanleys. She. was Lord Derby's second consort, uml mother of the present Coun- tess of Wilton. ' In 1807 the bountiful Miss.Scurlc became tho wife of H. Heathcote, Esq., brother of Sir Gilliert Heathcote, Burt'.; and in the same 'year Louisa Bi-unton was', married to the late i Karl of Craven. Her son is now Earl Cravou, and hor niece, Mrs Yates, the actress, still exhi- bits the dramatic goniuB of tho Brunton family. -The. Beggar's Opera again conferred, a coronet; Mary-Catherine Bolton's impersonation of Polly iPeachum captivated Lord Thurlow. She. wus inarrisd. to his lordship in 1813, lu more recent times the most fascinating' of our actresses, Miss iO'Xoit,- wedded Sir- William Wrixon - Ikiocher, IBurt.; Miss Foote, tho Eur) of Harrington ¡'Miss (Stephens, the Earl of.Essex,; and HVK. .Nisbet, ; Sir William Boothby, Bart. It has been remarked, that the conduct of each of these Indies in her I wedded life Ima lioen unexceptionable. -Ibid. 