HOBABT TOWN GOVEBNMENT G A ZETTE, Colonial Lajtd craft Eaairrsvtfon OfiSce. June 14(A. 1852. Sir,— 1.— We have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of the 24th of April and the 29th ultimo, enclosing Despatches from the Lieutenant Governor of Van Diemen's Land reporting the arrival of the ships Beulah. Cal cutta, and Australasia. 2.— The first two ships were chartered by this Board to convey single females, chiefly selected from the Irish Unions ; and the third was sent out under the directions of the Committee of which Mr. Sidney Herbert is Chairman, con veying only a limited number, about 40, of single females. The Beulah arrived at Hobart Town on tbe 29th of August, the Australasia on the 1st of October, and the Calcutta on the 2nd of November. These arrivals were quicker than the wants of the Colonists could imme diately absorb ; but the second ship was not under our control, and an interval of two months had been allowed between the despatch of the first and third. We will, however, bear in mind, when sending exclusively females, Sir W. Denison's suggestions, that a longer in terval should be allowed, and that an occasional shipu should be taken up for Launceston direct. 3.— We are glad to observe the favourable report which Sir. Wm. Denison is able to make 3f the arrangements for the biting and settle ment of these young people ; and of the very great assistance which in this work, as well as in the general superintendence of the Depot, the Government has received from the Tasmanian Female Immigration Association. It is im possible to overrate the impoitance of securing this sort of co-operation. If confidence can be well established in this country that young per sons are properly taken care of in the Colony. on their arrival, the facilities of obtaining Emigrants will be much increased ; and it is therefore, on every account, very desirable that the Colonial Depot accommodation, especially for females, should be sufficient to admit of proper regulations with reference to the health and morality of its inmates. But it is with peculiar satisfaction that we have perused Sir W. Denison's Despatch of the 19th of January, enclusiug the Association's Report of the cha racter of tbe last importations. 4 —In various reports to tbe Secretary of State we have pointed out the difficulties which we- experience in providing the Australian Co lonies with good female domestic servants, and tbe necessity of our looking to the Workhouses anil other Public Institutions as the only sources of any considerable supply of tingle females. Tbe most eligible are those proceeding with, roamed relatives, — and we invariably give a preference to families in which there are un married females : occasionally we have taken young women from English Union Houses; and the selections, when made from rural dis tricts, have not been complained of. But we have not been so fortunate in the selections from Metropolitan nnd Town Unions.; and, ia consequence of oumerous complaints ftom the Colonies, hc noiv decline taking any of tbe lat ter description. 6.— From the Irish Unions we have from time to time taken a considerable number of young females : and knowing that great pains are be stowed on their instruction, that although in experienced in domestic occupations they are quick at learning,, nnd, moreover,, that they are of good motal character, we are favourably in clined to. this emigration, and disposed to look to the Irish Unions as the chief source of sup ply of any considerable number of females. It is,, therefore, with peculiar satisfaction that we perused Mr. Perry's Report upon the Emigrants by, the Beulah and Calcutta z and we venture to draw Sir Jobn Pakington't notice to the following passages. — He says, '-Since their entry into service I have, with veiy few ex ceptions, received the inoit gratifying accounts of their- character and conduct. The very large . majority of the Immigrants were Irish Komnu Catholics, and had been for years pait brought up in different Union Workhouses and Establish ments in Ireland. Consequently they knew little or nothing of domestic service; but cx. 'perience bats now proved that very many of these girls, aie likely, to make most valuable i servants, particularly in those instances where their mistresses have taken the trouble to in struct them in their new duties.. Their aptitude ' fort and quickness at, learning how to perform the services required of them, it, in many in stances that have come under my notice, sur prising. The girls sent out are very well adapted for country servants ; and as many of the girls both by the Beulah and Calcutta have gone into situations in the country, their conduct has been so good that many applications have been, made to me by the settlers lately with which I could not comply, there being no girls at the Depot. I must not omit to mention that the moral character of tbese Irish girls has not, to my knowledge, in one single instance been brought into question. Some few of the En glish girls who came in the Beulah from Portsea have, I am afraid, gone astray: but, out of nearly four hundred, single females who arrived in tbe ships Beulah, Australasia, and. Calcutta, I have not heard of more than four instances where the girls have left their situations and preferred obtaining a livelihood in an improper and immoral manner. If more instances bad occurred I think I should have heard something of them, as many persons here are over-anxious to mark anything amiss or improper in the character, conduct, or management of the free Immigrants. I consider the arrival of these girls here, and their distribution, throughout the Island, has been a great public good ; and I only sincerely hope and trust that the further, supply will not be stopped now. that they are 'better appreciated by tbe public. The demand for them is much increased ; anil latterly the applications to me fur servants, have been much more numerous than at any earlier period.' 6\. — We have thought it right to give pro minence to this favourable report of. the Irish orphans ;: and it is so creditable to them, that we would suggest that it should be communi cated to the Poor Law Authorities in Ireland. ? /.— Adverting to the two questions- contained, in your letter of the 2Dth ultimo, we beg to state,— first, that the. Calcutta wasthe last ship we chartered exclusively for females,.-tbe emi gration having been suspended by the directions, contained in your letter of tbe 24th of. July last; and secondly, as will be anticipated ftom the foregoing remarks, that we should expect to-be able to fill a ship from Ireland, whenever we receive the necessary instructions. 8.— In conclusion, we would beg to take this opportunity of mentioning that, in pursuance of the instructions conveyed to ui bv I letter of the 5th instant, we have inforufed tfl selecting agents that we aie prepared to reJfl applications for passages to Van Diemen's Land : and we propose that the Emigrants so selected shall be taken on the same terms as Emigrants proceeding to the other Australian Colonies, as explained in the accompanying notices which we enclose for Sir W. Denison's information.- We have, &c; , T.W.C. Murdoch, C. Alex. Wood. Herman Merivale, Esq. Tickets-of-Leave Granted.— Elizabeth Blunt, St. Vincent; Eliza Bond, Maria; Jane Cameron, Arabian ; James Darby, EqueitrianS Richard Eastwood, Marion, Mary Flaherty Tory, Edward Fribbens, William Jardine; John Glen, Cressy ; John Hammersley, Surrey 2; Margaret Heap, St. Vincent; Charles HermiUfH — BWfarshire ; Chas Houghton, D. of NottlmoM berland; Maria Keene, Maria; MojesKiDoB ' Uyton 3 ; Bridget M'Naroara. Earl G»cV William Medley D. Malcolm ; Mary Murphy ]? Lord Auckland; William Pulham, DununH George Shadbolt, Mayda ;; Margaret Sullivufl % Sea Queen ; Mary Ann Taylor, St. Vincent ? Mary Ann. Webster, Mntia.; Susan WliitbumH St. Vincent; Patrick.O'Donohoe,S»ift;Cbiir!tH »' Whittaker, Louisa;. Margan-t. Wilton, MariiH Stephen Bones, alias Hales, Cornwall; Andrei! Conder, ditto.; William Curtis, ditto; WilljigH Franklin, ditto; James Glover, Rodney; Mil Ilarmer,. Cornwall; Charles Molloy, dmo^| James M'Leod. Rodney ; Thomas Neil), HjdnH bad 3.;. John Shannnhan, ditto ; Joliu Sweener.H ditto ; James Tasker, Lady Kennaway ?? - William Williams, Rodney.; William BicktitoiH * Cornwall ; William Birch 1,. Rodney ; JohS Cryan, London 2 ; James Demptey, LiiljH i, Kennawpy2; Thomas Ghost, W. JiirdineM Redmond Gleese, London 2; Maurice Uei^B iji nessy, Hydrabad 3 ; Frederick Jeani.Catnnllfl Henry Kenn, Hydrnbai! 3; Charles SivcenieH W. Jardine 2 ; George Wilson, Cornwall; AltiH ander Tait, Pestongee Bomangee 4'. H Tick-ets-of-Lgave Restored.— Cliarleil West, Equestrian. 1 ; William Withers, BrlH St. Vincent; Thomas Kelsall, John ReimicVS - John William Bertram,. M. of Haslinji-B ' Johanna Burns, Tasmania. 1 ; John BarneiH Asia & ? ? - Recommended for Conditional Par D.— William Aliens, Cuvnwall, Charles Buck, Lady Kennaway 21; John Collins Hydrabad 3; William Dowdall, London IM Edward Flood, Lady Kennaway3; John Hyland, London 2; Joseph Lewis, Lady Kennawny 2; James M'Namer, London 2 James Mitchell, Cornwall; John Moon, ditto George Moss, William Jardine 2 ; George Otway, ditto; Jobn Waller, Lady Kennaway James Allen, Barrosa 2 ; John Domes 2,H Brockwell, David Malcolm ; James Clarke 2 Agincourt , Christopher Cooper, Portsea and G. Phillip ( Richanl Goucliman, Tortoise ;? Thomas Kllis, Prince Repent ; Thomas G)ioit,B M. S. Elphinstone; Patrick Halloran, slmsfl Thomas Lee, Kinnear, Thomas Jollv, MuriiH Somes 1 ; John Kay, Equestrian 2 ; JobH M'Fndden, Layton 2:; Timothy O'Brien, llv-B dradad ; James Roberts, Cressy ; ThomBS ShnR,H Barrosa 2.; William Southway, Cresiy ; JohoH Stokes,. M. of, Hastings 2 ; James. Taylor, &M; R. Peel ; Samuel Webb, M. of Hastings 2, ? CERTIFICATES OF FREEDOM. — Mary Byrne, Waverley 2 ; William Hayes, Asiatic ; Benjamin Handley, ditto ; John Ingham, Mandarin ; William Johnson, Cape Packet ; Henry Gibson, ? Cressy; Denis Heagerty, ditto; Charles ? Livingstone, Lord Petre; George Jenoett. ^B Moffatt3; Thomas Mnxwell, Asiatic; Joseph ? Dirring.E. Grey ; James Regan, R. Sovereign ;? John Williams, Coromandel,; John GampbelUH North Briton; Jobn Crone, Tliantes; Clml^U Tomlinson, Governor Phillip : Samuel Walters, ? Larkins; William Pain, Chapman 2; Thomas ? Plane, Asiatic ; Rosictt Lennon. Uilmore 3; ? Dauid Russ, Theresa ;. Thomas Rathbone, Lori ? Lyndoch 2; Sarm.el Stevens, l'almyre; Samuel ? Gibton. J. Renwick; George Wilts, Uangaloref ? John Palmer, Cressy ; Chanles Young, dittn; ? James Doughallt Elizabeth & Henry; telix H M'Dermott, Barrosa 2 ; Simon Halls, Tory; ? Jane Williams, Margaret; Matilda Bonn.H ditto; John Fielding, Perseverance ; EuW ? Bourke, Lord Auckland 2; William Fwntice, ? Lord Petre; Margaret Kelly, Margaret ; Marv ? Ana Whitesides, Tory 1;. Kllen Bro«w- ? Arabian; Mary Nokes,. Emma Eugenia^1 ? Audrew Orrell, R. Sovereign ; Frederick Green, ? Recovery; Henry Tailor, Tortoise; * »«» ? Lawley; TasaJBiiia I; Owen Morinrty, Wf' ? Auckland 2; Sarah Moriartj', Arabian ; Coto- ? erine Fenerty, Ambinn ; William Jacks, M&rj;: ? Thomas. Pollard, China; William Henry ? Cousins, Palmyra; John Gelder, Lord reUf ? Michael Murphy, Tory , James Wogden, »i- ? rovra; Samuel Burtenwood, Eqiiestrian -. ? James Bishop, i. Somes ; James Robertson, ? Royal Sovereign; James Burns, North .Briton , SB Thomas White, Bangalore; Margaret M'M»n«s- ? Arabian. ? I 