THE MINISTRY. Each class of society has its peculiar tastes. The London fashionable delights in Rotten row and patent leather boots, the spruce tradesman in tea gardens and shrimps, and the English proletaire loves rats and terriers; but the favourite pursuit of country gentlemen is the coercion of voters and the preservation of game. A general election is as great a god- send as a new pheasant cover. However, the electoral battle is over and though, here and there, a good right and left has brought down its brace, it has much oftener happened that the piece has missed, and the bird flown. But the polling booth is now exchanged for the bothe, and even Lord Maidstone may feel on the Highland peaks, a temporary relief from the terrors of the impending deluge. Mr Disraeli alone is not shooting grouse. Fortunate birds ! Who knows to what havoc they might have been destined if the leader of the Country Party had opened a campaign upon the moors. The versatility of the Asian mind would no doubt have added a fresh twist to his gun barrels, and a more explosive force to his powder he would have cheered his setters in epigram, or chided his pointers in sarcasm. His sporting would have been as original as his politics, and he would have circumvented the coveys just as he has had- boozed the farmers. For. some inexplicable cause, however, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has omitted the opportunity of winning for himself these fresh laurels. Whether it be that he has some secret vision of . owners and occupiers of land ' rising from behind the hills to demand measures of compensation,' or that sheaves of corn offend his eye, certain it is that he has not followed the rest of the Cabinet into the heather. It would be interesting to speculate on the occupations of Mr Disraeli at Hughenden Manor. The disper- sion of his colleagues has, no doubt, relieved him of some anxieties. Mr Christopher can make no more speeches for some weeks to come-Mr Walpole cannot blunder over Lord Derby's jokes-Lord Malmesbury can be asked no questions and even the Premier can no longer compromise the Government by his imprudent eloquence. All these are certainly mitigating circumstances in his present life ; but the inevitable necessity of the future still hangs over him like the sword of Damocles Protection is murdered, it is true, but its, ghost challenges the betrayer to meet it at Philippi. In vain has the Chancellor of the Exchequer postponed for a few weeks the day of account-with the meeting of Parliament the fated hour must arrive. We do not envy him the task which he has chosen for himself, of extricating a refractory party from the wreck of an exploded cause. It is recorded of Bishop Burnet that, during the composi- tion of the ' Memoirs of his own Time, he used frequently to reverse at night the characters which he had drawn in the morning, if some personal incident had happened in the meanwhile to stir his spleen. We cannot help imagining that the construction of the forthcoming budget must be managed on a somewhat similar principle. The chart which Mr Disraeli must have before him in his projected revision is not the balance-sheet of the public taxation, but a comparative estimate of the temper and disposition of the gentlemen with whom he acts, and of the numerical and moral force of the opposition which he will have to encounter. Beggars, they say, must not be choosers and there is no class of beggars so abjectly dependent as a government in a minority. Without a majority to back them, they become the helpless tools of each of the political sections which they are ultimately compelled to conciliate. Mr Disraeli has a double task to fulfil in his forthcoming financial propositions. He must satisfy the Protectionists, whom he leads, while he bids, as he best may, for the support of a free-trade opposition. He has to devise a ' compensa- tion' to please Mr Christopher, and which Mr Cobbett will not refuse. Mr Hume is to be gratified by a measure which will not make the presence of Walter Long' less 'pleasant;' and Mr Newdegate must be induced to walk hand in hand into the same lobby with Mr Bright. We have heard before of coalition governments ; but there is certainly no recorded instance of an administration which subsisted, like the present, on coalition near sures. We do not say that the abilities of Mr Disraeli might not enable him to write a clever book on finance ; or, if he had the support of a strong parliamentary party, he might, for aught we know, devise a tolerable budget. But it is at least certain that, in the position which he now occupies, his financial scheme can be nothing but a political juggle. It is only by compounding a hotchpotch of the principles of diametrically opposite parties that he can hope to keep alive for an instant the rickety faction whose fortunes are committed to his charge. His object, no doubt, will be to play exactly the same game with the agricultural interest which has already been passed off on the American colonies viz., to begin with promising them entire satisfaction, and to end with abandoning the whole of their claims Chronicle. BRICK MAKING BY. MACHINERY. We had the pleasure this morning, at Messrs. Hart's, the Atlas Works, Borough-road, of witnessing the operation of a machine for the making of bricks, with great rapidity, nicety of shape, and closeness of material. Mr Hart, the inventor, is a young man of no ordinary turn of mechanical ingenuity, having combated, and we think overcome, the many difficulties which it is well known have hitherto prevented the introduction of a similar contrivance. By testing its capabilities we get £6,000 perfect bricks in 10 hours, this being done from the beginning of the operation of bringing the clay in its rough state to the final' stacking in walls for drying. Although new to ourselves, we were told that the machine is already being used in various parts of Europe. The one we saw is intended for the Grand Yorkshire Agricultural Exhibition at Sheffield, to take place early next month. Globe. Don Miguel's wife has been brought to bear in Germany, of a daughter and he has addressed a letter to all the powers declaring, that he persists in his claim to the crown of Portugal, and regards the Queen as an usur- per (Calcutta) Morning Chronicle, Sep 16, ' Major Beresford, the Tory whipper m of the House of Commons and new Secretary- at War, has further compromised the Ministry to which he belongs by his violence and in- discretion. His insulting address to the non electors of North Essex, whom he designated as the lowest rabble he had ever seen, had only just been delivered, when he determined to celebrate victory over his unsuccessful opponent by a public dinner, on Monday, at Braintree. The result was that " the rabble " mobbed him and pelted him with stones. In returning thanks after dinner he sought to justify his previous remarks by refering to the treatment he had received, starting over the fact that his insolence had produced it, and he then made a most uncalled-for and violent attack on the editor of the Morning Chronicle, whom he directly charged with *' sitting on the same sofa with him at his club, and using the information that was picked up in the course of private conversation to vilify the hon. member's character. This was said with reference to the case of bribery at Der- by a letter found on the prisoner who was arrested, there being sworn to be in Major Beresford's handwriting. He did not deny the fact ; but met it by the assertion we have refered to. The editor of the Morning Chronicle has noticed the charge in the only way in which a gentleman could notice such a calumnious assertion. He has given the Major the lie direct, and the gallant and truthful gentleman has thought it prudent to make no reply. The Bribery case at Derby, in which Major Beresford is directly implicated, is a specimen of the manner in which the Tory majorities have been obtained at the recent elections. That bribery and intimidation to an enormous extent have been practised is notorious and not less than twenty cases will be brought forward at the opening of Parliament against Tory candidates who have been successful through the influence of their purses. It was hardly to be expected, however, that a member of the Government would be found directly mixed up with any of these vile proceedings ; but as the Derby case stands at present, Major Beresford will have to give a very satisfactory account of the meaning of the letter found on the person of the party employed to bribe the voters, before the public relieve him from the imputation which rests upon him at present. The Crystal Palace is to be open to the public on Sunday. A deputation from the Directors of the Company waited upon Lord Derby during the past week and explained to him the arrangements they proposed to adopt for regulating the admission of Sunday visitors. They intend that the building and grounds shall open after Morning Service, at one o'clock that such portions of the building as may be devoted to the exhibition of manufactured goods shall remain closed, the same any shop or warehouse containing goods for sale ; but that all the other portions of the building containing the statuary, plants &c;, and the extensive grounds which surround the beautiful structure itself, shall be open to the public for their enjoyment. In order to prevent any intemperance the directors have further, decided that no intoxicating liquors shall be sold in the building on Sunday. These were the proposals submitted to Lord Derby by the directors, and he has agreed that Government will grant the company a charter on such terms. If, therefore, the word of the Premier can be depended on, the opening the Crystal Palace on Sundays is secured. The charter is to be granted forthwith. AMERICA. The Washington correspondent of the New York Herald, writing on the 10th says that President Fillmore and Mr. Secretary Webster had a violent altercation relative the fisheries question, and that Mr Webster was about to retire from the Cabinet. In confirmation of this, several waggon-loads of furniture belonging to Mr. Webster had been shipped on board a Boston packet. Mr Webster had written to a friend that he would only visit Washington to wind up his business, and retire. In the House of Representatives, on the 16th, the Speaker laid before the House a message from the President of the United States in reply to a resolution asking what has been done on the subject of the fisheries on the coast of British North America. He gives no information different to that heretofore communicated to the Senate. The message was referred to the committee on foreign affairs. An immense sensation has been created throughout this country by the rapidly augmenting quantities of gold now being produced by Australia. Several vessels have already left this port for that continent; others are at their berths preparing to sail. Of course many of our Journals are specula- ting upon the probabilities that Australia will soon declare ber independence/'tlirow off the British yoke, and of course, establish a Republic. It is amusing to see with how much nonchalance Americans calculate upon the rapid and universal triumph of the Democratic principle throughout the world. Very few of them seem to entertain the slightest conception that any nation on the earth can prosper under a monarchy. ITALY. A letter from Rome gives us some details of the recent discovery of a long list of conspirators, paid by the revolutionary committee of London, and residing in Lombardy, Tuscany, and the Roman States. It appears that the Consul of Austria at Genoa, having learned the death in that city of an individual, a Lombard by birth, sent to have the seals placed on his property. It was when the seals were taken off that it was found that he was one of the paymasters of the said revolutionary committee, charged by it to keep up, by means of hard cash, the love of their country and of national independence amongst the enthusiastic republicans of Italy. The mode of carrying on the correspondence was also discovered-being by means of silk handkerchiefs, the colours of which disappeared after a chemical washing, the writing being brought out by the same operation. Our correspondent announces that, in consequence, various arrests have taken place at Ferrara, and that amongst the persons arrested in Lombardy was an officer, who, after interrogatory, strangled himself with three fingers of his right hand forced into his throat. 