The Unsuccessful Man ; or, Pas- sages in the Life of Tilbury Nogo, "Esq. DT FoxoLOTn. f Continued from Bell'* Ufe of June Wilt.J \ " Why need my tonguo tho issue tell ! Wo ran our courso-my charger fell." MAIIMION. " 1 don't caro-1 can't help thinking you mado too much usc of tho old horno. I begged of you upon no account to come till tho finish t and hang mo ! if you didn't maleo strong running .tho whole way round I '* Such was tho expostulation nddressed to mo by tho disappointed owner of tho heaton " Sar.ihand." as wo sat in juxta-position nt tho ordinary-tahlo, and waited sulkily for our dinner on tho afternoon of tho moo. As in its kitchen arrangements,tho" Green Dragon" nt Weather hy was Uko tho "Green Dranon" everywhere «Iso-profuso in its promises, nnd lavish in its hill of faro, but provokingly dilatory in tho production of thoso dishes it set forth so Tauntingly, I cannot bettor employ tho interval which elapsed between our sitting down to a long tnblo. covered for an ordinary of somo twenty or thirty guests, tho mnjority of whom wero even now impatiently beginning upon dry bread, and tho welcome appearance of the first tureen of mock-turtle, borne hy a perspiring wnitor in Berlin gloves. | than by describing tho proceedings of that eventful day, which led to tho ungracious remark irom Squire Topthorno recorded nbovo. Tho instant tho flag was dropped 1 hnvo ni . ready said Saraband started away with a bound, like that of a stricken deer ; and for ii few awful moments I felt utterly powerless to control, or oven guido tho tearing bruto. With tho small muscular strength I naturally possessed reduced by inanition s with knotted reins, shortened stirrups, and a saddle tho alio of n desscrt-plato, nil my proconooivod notions ns to horsemanship, nil tho prnctioo I.had acquired in thc* hunting- field, were utterly unavailable. Pulled ovor his withers by his awkward " boring " ways : only saved from being un horsed by tho comparativo smoothness of a thorough-bred ono's Btrido ., diuy from tho terrille rapidity of tho pace, I was confined and helpless ns n oliiul. Luckily fur mo, howovor. tho courso for tho first hulf-mllo wa* perfectly straight, noarly ns deep ns Knnvos miro. at nil sonsons of tho year, mid consider- ably on tho riso- thia lt was that preserved mo from destruction. Saraband, nt no timo *» »tout luirso, wns perfectly amcnablu to reason hvfure ho roauhod tho first turn, mid tho ill judged paue nt which 1 lind beon going, left the others far Iii tho rear. Though woakenod hy my training, I had tho ndvnntngo of being in good J»ind ¡ mid as my horso dropped to my hand, mid became Qvofy «trido less uncontrollable, tho doubtful thought flashod across my mind that I m'ull!k¿4K4]∨ '?" 1 1 trlo(1 t0 iiunio him : I Y,0^WtWWhim ' m,t ln T'n ' IC 1 wlsliod to dooroasa thb ijj*s)ro, ho wastod bis poworç in tho I air : ii I got fast hold of his head, down it wen I between Iiis knees, pulling mo over his shoulder: and grating my unprotected knuckles most pain fully against thc buckles ot his breast*plate There was nothing for it but to run the rac through from end to end : and even whilst 1 thu determined, tho a* kward «ravel-pit corner cam iii view ; and here it waa that .loe Uagsho proved himself a trusty friend. As we nearoi the dreaded turn, I felt by the uncomfortable manner in which Saraband was going that h meditated some awful net of insubordination and when within half-a-dozen strides of tin well-known post, he got his head in the nir till saw tho white streak down his nose : nm s werving violently across tho course, boro mi "nolens volene'' in the direction of thc danger ons gravel-pits. I had just given myself up when Joe's stalwart form, waving a voiuminoin red pocket- handkerchief in.tlnj. brute's face, sen him back with a bound' into the proper direction Tho posts were a long way apart : and nlthongl I shaved the next ono with mr knee as wt resumed our career, it was on tho right sido, auc I was never actually off the course. lt «ai " touch-and po,'* and nothing buta lirni relianci on my stirrup-leathers, and tho strong hold I h.K1 of his head, saved mc from a rattling fall. Hui in tho mean time the other horses were over- hauling us, our swerve had lost us several strides and as I reached the distance-post. Colonel Crowther's Stop-gap sho*od his ugly head nt rn; girths. Soon ho was alongside of me. Segunde sitting motionless ns if in an arm-chair. .Wy blood was up, and I (logged with energy, anil would fain have spurred as well. I thought I did ! but an after-examination of Saraband'.» sides, convinced mo that, with tho exception ol one ill-directed thrust, which reached his shoulder' my kicking aid sprawling were wasted upon empty air. Well, I ran a good second, everybody said. I finished beautifully: and a good-natured remark of Segundo's, to whom they all looked np as an authority, .. that no man in England could hare ridden that awkward brute better !" stamped moat onceas a jockey of the highest order. It was a tri- umph, though a defeat Joe Bagshot con- gratulated me on having so nearly icon. Mrs Montague Forbes showered her sweetest smiles, as 1 did justice to her lobster-salad. 1 presented Saraband's groom with a sovereign, and every- body was satisfied except tho owner, who, having made np his mind that his horse must win, could only find consolation in such muttered compli- ments as the following, which I unwittingly overheard " All nonsense ! run tho horse's head off these dandies all alike-think they know bettor than anvone else-he's a puppv, and my sister's a feol !" Man is a grognriou* animal, and as such it is natural for him to feed in tho society of his fellow-creatures : but nlthongh I am far from denying in theory the propriety of such social ar- rangements, I cannot but confess that in practice an over-crowded ordinary is to mo the most dis- agreeable method of discussing my daily sus touance. Nor was that at which Squire Topthorne presided, ns principal steward of the Weatherley Races, any exception to the general- ity of these gatherings. After waiting forty minutes for dinner, it is bard to have your soup as cold as if tho repast had been that length of time waiting for t/ou ; and as mock-turtle lotes inueli of its natural merit by being «hilled, so is inferior sherry-" such ns the spanish nobles drink " - not improved by being poured out lukewarm into a cloudy glass. A waiter though ho enjoys the nearest approach to uh qui ty of any known animal, saro tho Irishman's bird, cannot multiply himself sufficiently to attend to thc wnnts of some twenty guests; nor does tho ostler's assistant, albeit elad for thc nonce in a tail-coat and coloured neckcloth, effectually remedy this deficiency of attendance). True, tho female servants of the establishment render all tho aid in their power on the further side of the door ; whilst now and then sho whoso colour is freshest, and ribbons of the gayest hue, may bo tempted over the threshold ly one of thc fortunato occupiers of the lower end of the table ; but such an apparition is only additionally aggravating to us dignitaries at the top, whose turbot must be eaten without the lobster-sauce, which, however, reaches the sconu of action in timo to supply the place of that missing mustard for which wc call in vain with our boiled beef. Then do what you will, you cannot help eating in a hurry, consequent upon the crowd, noise, mid confusion around you ; which reminds you irresistibly, if you are old enough to remember them, of the coaching dinners in days geno by Tho consequence is that your digestion if not your appetite, is perfectly satisfied by tho time thc square little pieces of strong cheese make their appearance : and when the cloth is drawn, and the president's hammer proclaims that the season for toasts has arrived, for once, contrary to the laws of nature, and tho winde practico of your life-time, you feel thankful that .' dinner is over at lastP" Strong thumps from Mr Topthorno's hammer, and his stentorian voico shouting to tho vice president, "MrScruhley-'The Queen!' " produce an immediate demand on tho part of tho guests ! for those " vanitios" with wheh it is their practice to moisten thoir after-dinner clay. Strong red port appears to bo the beverage most affected hy tho members of tho Pippingdon Hunt: whilst their previous experience of its excellence during dinner makes tho orders for sherry less numerous than usual amongst tho company. Tho pallid young gentleman of tho morning, now enjoying a far healthier bloom (who, 1 may romark, contrived to get distanced in tho race), orders clarot ¡ whilst tho jolly yeoman, gamo to tho last, and incited thereto by his veter- inarian competitor, shouts lustily for a bottlo of champagne, and pays for it on tho spot, in a multiplicity of half-crowns. Brandy-and water is not without its votaries nt tho lower end of tho tablo ; whilst Mr Scruhley, hair-dresser of tho town of Weatherley, Clerk of tho Courso, Vice-President of tho Kaclng- Cliih. mid Secre- tary to tho L'ippingdon Hunt, carries a highly popular motion in favor of n huge bowl of punch. Tho inouibors of tho fox-hunting establishment, whom I observed to apply themselves most religiously to tho port, were ono and all con- spicuous tor thoir ruddy countenances and portly persons ; so concludion their boverngo could not possibly bo unwholesome. I hastened to follow their jovial example thereby winning an ap- proving nod from tho president, who scorned to ho much of old Doctor Johnson's opinion, ns regarded fluid*-" Claret isal) very woll for boys; port for men ; but ho who aspires to bu a hero, slr (smiling), should drink brandy !" Theusunl toasts having been got through, and tho company ina pleasing volo of jovial liberality, a certain red book, hearing tho appearnnoo of a ledger, ' mado its appearanco, and was handoj from ono to thc other with ominous rapidity. No ono seemed much inclined tn muster its contento, till an adventurous individual, warmed with wine, and recollecting that a twelvemonth would elapso ero ho was culled upon to pay, handsomely headed tho list ns a subscriber tu tho handicap for thc ensuing yoar, mid thus purchased a nomination nut likely to ho particularly useful to a man who, ns ho himself tobi us, " never had kopt race- horses, and uuvor would.'1 L'.xamplo is con- tagious i and oro long tho column was half filled, Mr Xogo's narnu, I nm sorry to say, im- prudently appearing amongst tho other spurting subscribers. Segundo, likewise, much to my surprise, favoured thom with his signature : hut afterwards explained to me that his autograph was all ho thought uccossary to bestow i mid that having «orno few aerea in that part of th» country, ho considered it duo to his station to elvo thom at least a claim upon one vf thoir lundod proprietors i An tito uqoantors Waqod, caution and shyness rnphlly cave place to magni- ficence and bravado. Phantom stoeple-cha«es, of incalculable " entries," over impracticable lines, were skotchod with a spirit and enthusiasm that made it a thousand pities they should never arrive at maturity, ami disclose to an astonished country the unheard-of clipper«, of which each j man seemed to havo at. least ono in his stable, i .Matches over Weatherley race-course, for half ¡ bred horses, to run distances varying from two to j four miles, with the rigorous stipulation that they should bo "half-forfeit" and "owners ui>," J were discussed in unlimited profusion, though I I dill not remark that many of these challenges j were entered in those fatal pages from which ' there was no withdrawal, that reposed under the especial caro of Mr Scrubley. (Why is it-I may here ask in parenthesis -why is it that when gentlemen, unconnected with tho turf, are prompted hy .their, werie, nugal'*;U> make matches, involving tho contest of horses of unknown ' pedigree, they will alway« select the longest distance and the severest course for the massacre of their favourites ? lt is, I believe, generally conceded at Newmarket, that one mile, if the pace be good enough, is distance sufficient to try the merits of an Eclipse, with all the advantages of such procuration as Newmarket trainers can bestow ¡ but I am nt a loss to conceive upon what principle the squire's hack, trained by the squire's couchman, should be unable to contend with the doctor's Welsh galloway, nnle-s that distance be increased four-fold.) Xor was tlie Uabel- like confusion. Incidental to a large and convivial party-all talking and betting at once \- thu only entertainment furnished for mir evening's amusement. Orphon* vindicated his power over these modern Centaurs ¡ and amidst wreaths of smoko from thc unfailing cigars, the very rafters »honk to jocund glee ami stentorian chorus. Tho champagne-drinking yeoman, in a fine mellow voice, indulged us with " Tho Brown Howl ;'. Toptliorne gave us " Tally-ho the Hounds, Sir !'' and Serubley-the accom- plished Scrubley -led tho time-honoured catch, that preserves the deathless fame of " Molly, the charming maid, that carried the inilking-pail !" Dickens s cobbler gives tho most unanswerable reason fur dining early-" I finds 1 gets on better at supper when I does !'' and, lil-o him, we di.i ! covered ere long, that n hurried dinner at six, succeeded by a protracted sitting and "a wet evening," wa» an admirable preparation fora hot supper. " Broiled bones, devilled gizzard, anchovy toasts, Hnd red herrings fried in gin (the latter an inspiration of Segundo's, and by him denominated "lluzznr-broth !") are won- derful auxiliaries to that thirst which tho same authority declares to be the normal condition of man ; and by the tune it is quenched with bottled porter, pale aie, and " brandy and soda." all sublunary matters assume a rosy Imo of contented joviality, and .. We won't go home till morning !" springs unbidden to the sleepless Bacchanalian's tips. Hut there appears to be a great disairb.ince going on at thc bottom of the tablo ; and through the dui of voices the reiter- ated assurances of the jolly yeoman riso tri- umphant over the storm. " Do it !" ho exclaim-', his broad face purple with excitement, his sturdy figure waving to and fro as he grasps his neigh- bour's chair, ami his eyes glaring through tim cigar-smoke like the lamps of the down-tram in a log. '? I'll bet two to ono he does it. without a balk or a refusal ! Two lo one ! who ll take il ^pounds,.ponies, or hundreds ?'V - -, What is it.»" "I'll take it !" "I'll lay it'" resound tlirotuh (ho room ¡ and ero lean gather from my neighbour Toptliorne, who waxes more laconic as be gets drunk, " that the fool wants to jump his horse over tho dining-room table,' a space has been cleared away by the applauding ero« d, and a slipping, staggering step, like tho appronrh of a ghost ina farce is heard ascending the wooden slairs. Sure enough the jol'y yeoman has backed* his famous bay limiter .' Shamr. c"»," that day so unsuccessful for tho .' Hurricane Handicap," to walk up-stairs (fortunately the steps aro broad ami few) to carry twelve-stone over tho " «uiual hoard" ns it stands, with its glittering- array ot lights, glasses, jugs, and punch-howls; to walk down again into his own stable, without giving Ins rider a fall ; and eat a quartern of oats and a double-handful of beaus as if nothing had happened. The latter part of the wager is nut much speculated on ; hut the principal feat of clearing tho mahogany creates a vast amount of conversation ; and ere 1 have recovered my astonishment at such au iin I heard-of proposition, sufficiently to form an I opinion of its possibility, a c'nthed head makes j its appearance at thc door, and amidst shouts of wonder and applause in walls .. Shamrock." ' hooded and "done up" for his rest, looking no j whit more surprised than those wondcrfully-edu ' cnted animals which nightly astonish the play j goers "over tho water"' at Astlcy's Atnphi I theatre. Although not " broke to tho drawing 1 room," ho betrays but little alarm at being , stripped ; and ns he cocks his ears, and turns his I sagacious head round to his excited master, who ; is busy saddling him, 1 cannot help thinking how very much the soberest and ino»t sensible ' of tho party is the unreasoning animal. By tho timo he is fully caparisoned, however, a difficulty arises ns to the terms of tho wager. Shamrock , is to carry twelve stone, and lits owner besides being incomparably too drunk to ride, must j weigh nt least thirtoen. after nil the eatables and , drinkables ho has been stowing away so ititi ! gently- not that ho enres a farthing ; but tho , sharp old veterinarian, who has been eagerly j watching tho horse, seems to scent .* a good I thing," and will not hear of his throwing away ! n chance. Tills old man, though he has been I eating, drinking, and smoking incessantly sinco I six o'clock, is now ns sober ns when ho sat down ; and walking quietly up to Segundo, ho whispers a few «ords privately in his ear, which produco an electrical effect on my friend, over wido-nwnko when thero is what ho calls " any j titi ii tr to bo done." Tho fact is, the homo lins ' performed the same feat before in Ins presence t lie lins ascertained that tho animal Is not much frightened, and his shrowd eyes twinkle with anticipated triumph ns ho whispers to Se- gundo " You sit qulot on him, Slr, and elvo him his head ! ho knotts how to do it ; ind (Kitto voe*) you back him for a trifle with Mr Nogo, or tho Squiro!" Segundo, who values his noell as llttlo ns any other of his remaining possessions, bounds on him in n momont, having previously laid out a fow " fivos " to mnko lt worth his «hilo : tho crowd draw back to givo him a fair " ofler,'' as they say in Ireland, nt his fonco, and every thing is prepared for tho feat, when " floreo ns ten Furies, tcrrlldo ns Hell," tho landlady of tho Green Dragon-horself a host and hostess, nil in one-bounces into tho room, and stalking np to tho nstoidshod Topthnrno, now moro than half asleep, confronts him tlion and thero on his presidential throne, and pours upon his dovotud head tho pent-up torrent of hor wrath " Oontlomon, indeed I and call your«olvo3 gentlemen, who aro ignorant to behnvo ns snob I whiuh has novor taken p'acohoforo In tho Green Dragon nnd Commercial Posting-Homo-for u bruto /miiitnnt to hu taken like a Christian nut of his warm hod-and you, Mr Topthorno, tho father of n family, as ought to bo a respectable uiiiti, nnd n magUtrato llkowiso-to sit thero and utnro nt a Inno woman Uko a htouk of wood, and novur to say gund or bad, which ls unbecoming your station and all your stations ; for to decent mirth I noyer have, and novar will object, which is it hat no nil lives by ; but ta bo bringing your rnoo-horses and your quadrupeds,up two nair of stairs, into a rospootnblo, woman's principal dining-room, tlurly font long.'.with n,bay.win- dow mid mahogany illuing-tablo*, qu<| tho tilth anti tho mt« of it, is' what 1 will not ahhio if tin-re's justice to lie had for rich or pour ! ' And hero an opportune flood of tears, and nu attack of what medical gentlemen term " hy steria "-a formidable malady when seizing a stout elderly lady, of some sixteen stone, ami enhanced in its awful symptoms hy a festive I costume, such as that horne hy the interesting sufferer -put a stop to tho volubility of her abuse : nnd entrusting her to tho care of the ve erinary surgeon, as the most eligible substi- tute for a regular practitioner, we proceeded with tho business tn baud which tho unfortuna'o landlady, notwithstanding all her protestations, was compelled to witness. Tho steed was mounted, the room cleared, and tho word given. Segundo sat as still as a statue upon the docile animal ; and .Shamrock, trotting up to the un- usual fence, cleared it .like a deejr^.then stood quietly in tho mii*dlo of- ti»o.iS>«ro?. snorting as though to express hts surprise at.the vagaries of us bipods, and pawing tho unyielding floor, ns much as to inquire if wc had'any more orders ero ho might go quietly back to bed. The landlady had in the meantime been somewhat mollified by tho attentions of so many gentle- men, all eager to deprecate her indignation ; and as, like most of lier sex, who, to use her own words, .. cotton to be led, hut can't abear, to Tie driven." she was a regular trump if you only knew how to manage lier the right, way, she quickly forgot her previous ire, in her un- qualified admiration of the dangerous feat i and walking up to Shamrock's head.patted his smooth satin neck, amidst rounds ol uproarious applause. We drank her health then and there; and the whole thing must have gone oil in the most tri- umphant manner, had not this last bumper, in addition to the many which I had already quailed, prompted mo to undertake in my own person the most dangerous part of tho perform- ance, which was to ride the horso down stairs again on his way to his own apartments, and which portion of the equestrian feat, as it was not comprehended m tho bets ponding thereon. Segundo had positively declined to perform. Here. I thought, was an opportunity of out Herodiiig Herod, and distancing oven him who had instructed me in all such deeds of daring. Accordingly, much to the amusement of the drunken throng, and tho re-awakened horror of the landlady. 1 mounted thc impatient Shamrock on his homeward journey, and accompanied by the good wishes of Toptliorno, who was unable to leave his chair, and guided by the two most drunken gentlemen of the party, bearing each a silver candelabrum, with its load of wax-lights, swaying to and fro in their unsteady hands, 1 reached thc top of the staircaso without injury, and commenced my perilous descent. A eaton the iee, who has been shod by the mischief of the rising generation with a complete set of inverted walnut-shells, is about a« vivid an omi lem of alarm and insecurity as can well be exhibited ; but 1 doutt if the action of Orimalkiu herself, under these uncomfortable circumstances, is moro uncertain than was that of the cautious Shtmrock in his precarious journey. The first landing pince we reached triumphantly ; mid we were now directly opposite the bar-window, which opened un the stairs, and through which, the sash being up. a very pretty attendant, with corkscrew ringlets, was watching tho perform- ances. Ambitious of distinguishing myself in tbo eyes of this Hebe, and demonstrating Hie thorough understanding which, under all cir camstui>ofts,-«xt«ts -between tho good horseman and his steed, I ventured niost incautiously to I hurry tho careful pace at which Shamrock was I so sagaciously toiling down-stairs. A hind font slipped, a loud snort announced that the horse was thoroughly terrified j he lost his footing nnd his presence of mind at one and the same time : with a wild plunge forward bo knocked down the leading torch-bearer, and wo were enveloped in comparativo darknos I heard a scream of ! terror, and the crashing of wood-work-probably I tho banisters, as I found myself describing a I "parabola" over my hor«e's head into thc obscure ; and although my fall was bloke by its fair denizen and tho whole interior furniture and economy of that snuggery which is denominated tho har, I was carried to bed sufficiently confused to be utterly unconscious of thc devastation which accompanied my downfal. Tiie bill which I had Next morning to pay gives me a vivid idea of the general smash created by my unexpected visit into this portion of the I premises watched over hy Ibo («reen Dragon A gentleman flying head-foremost through an open window into tho anns of a pretty 1 ar-inaid, and with her bringing to the ground a half-dozen of sherry, a caso of liqueur-bottles, a set ol' tea j things, a largo fire-screen, a cold apple-tart, and several jars of hot pickles, is lucky if he escape i as I did, with a contused shoulder, a pair of I black eyes (not quite such pretty onos as tho I bar- maid's) nnd a swinging long bill to liqui- date for this unceremonious method of being I " called to the har." j (To be Continued.) 