MINISTERIAL TACTICS. (From the Weekly Dispatch .). With the usual easy modest assurance of all ar rant quacks, the promoters, of the EccelesiasticalJ titles bill are justifying the necessity of the wrong, they have inflicted, by pointing. to the natural resis tance of the wronged. It is said of Uncle Ben. that he was so sure a shot that whenever the op- posums saw the muzzle of his rifle, they called out " Don't waste your powder — we'll come down and go into your bag quietly, sinee we know we must go there at any rate." The Times is quite indig nant that a whole nation, and part of another, with British blood in their veins, and Saxon notions in their heads, do not give up the ghost of their spiritual liberties on tlie mere issue from the Queen's printers of a sheet of what, in this case, may most literally be termed fool's-cap. The leading minister and the leading journal, having been engaged a whole session in little else than striking up the bigotry of Protestanism, and insult- ing the keenest religious feelings of the Catholics, affect to be quite surprised that, after having mad dened that theological fanatcism and pride of creed which all history shows to be the most dan gerous of political experiments, and the one sacred subject with regard to which mankind fling behind them all fear of consequences, and all respect for other considerations, the "Papists" should not dutifully submit to insult and degradation when the revocation of the Roman Catholic edict of Nantes is embodied in an act of parliament. They anticipated that the battle was to be a battue ; they forgot that Irishmen are not opposums, but men, with fiery passions, and a quick sense of in jury, and that they are not capable of bearing, but covetous of arms. Their priests, who in all ages and all countries are the most powerful in struments of popular excitement and deeds of un hesitating daring, are at their head, leading them on, and at their ear, goading them oh. " 'Tis true 'tis pity— and pity 'tis but we must accept hard facts as we find them ; and the duty as well as function of the statesman is to deal with facts, not to defy them. There is no way, there never was any other way, of meeting the circumstances of our position, than that of recognising them as actual entities, and making the best — not the worst of them. We have one nation Episcopal — another Presbyterian — a third Catholic, all bound up together in one United Kingdom. The two former have tried to extiapate the latter as Pha raoh did the Israelites, but with like ill success. Oppression and confiscation have only made them grow the faster, and resist the more effectually. As we cannot (thank Heaven) crush them, we should have made our minds to live at peace with those of whom we cannot get rid, and from whom we cannot separate without "restoring the hep tarchy." And here it is but fair to keep in remem brance that it is by our compulsion that Ireland is chained to us. She has again and again agitated for and demanded a Repeal of the Union. She does not ask us to bind up her fate with ours. If there was a difficulty on principle in excluding Ire land from the operation of a bill wjiich is not merely a badge of sectarian degradation, but of national vassalage, it was of our own making. We have insisted upon chaining her to us, and then we pre tend to charge it upon the victim of the necessities of our fancied policy, that her dangerous prox imity requires the enforcement of an act of pro scription. Justice, reason, right feeling, sound policy, equally cry out against a deed as unneces sary as it is perilous, and not less discreditable to the sense of equity of the perpetrators, than inso lent and overbearing towards its victims. We judge of other men by ourselves. If Ireland were to attempt to prohibit our use of the very name we chose to give to our spiritual instructors, there is no act of parliament to which England and Scotland would yield one hour's obedience. Can we wonder at or blame that honorable pride and laudable spirit of national independence in others, which we regard as a virtue in ourselves ? " The Ides of March have come- — aye, but not gone!" The bill is passed — but we are only at the begin ning of its consequences. The Archbishop of Dublin's charge is the oracle of a prophet. The chief Protestant ecclesiastic in Ireland condemns the principle of the measure, and, what is of more serious consequence, entirely reasons it down. The ablest statesmen, the most eloquent senators, the most experienced politicians of the country, embraced in the Peel party, have resisted it in every stage, with arguments which, in logic, although not in votes, are irrefragihle. The chiefs of the Radi cal party have spoken .and voted against it. It has, therefore, the support, not of the reason, but only of the fanaticism of the country. The Catholics are encouraged and justified in rosisting it, by the authority of the great est English senators. Even Lord Stanley was taken conveniently , sick when the wooden horse was introduced into the House of Lords. One hundred and three Irish members will be arrayed shoulder to shoulder in the very heart of our camp, to bring our legislation to - a— dead Jock, and and to rout party after party placed in power on the pledge of giving effect to this law. The curry-powder Duke, a renegrade to his faith, and an offender against the law of parliament and the privileges of the House of Commons, has done his little possible to show the naked corruption of the smaller agricultural boroughs, and to strenghten the demand for their transfer to schedule A, by issuing his commands to the serfs of Arundel to elect a more obsequious flunkey in the place of his own son (what a caricature of Brutus !) ; but only to the effect of heaping disgraces on himself and his nominee, and drawing upon the object of his spite the honour of the choice of an independent constituency. To sum up all, a common affront has, for the first time, driven the English into the arms of the Irish Catholics, and a population in the three kingdoms of eight millions, firmly bound together by one faith and a mutual sense of wrong, take the field against distracted counsels and a divided and irresolute majority. Even the two rampant Protestants who contested Greenwich were fain to pocket bigotry which was found to be distasteful to the good sense of Radical electors. In a word, the law is already openly and unhesita tingly defied, and the authority of the three estates is kicked into a kennel, and dragged through the gutter. "John Tuam — Archbishop of Armagh," is a signature published in every city of Ireland, and to be found even in the colums of the Times. " Paul Cullen, Archbishop, Primate of all Ireland," with his sigh manual, " boldly dashes through the act of parlirment." The crazy Orangemen arc again as rampant and riotous as in the palmiest days of the Roden era ; and all this is the sessions whole work of a man who aspires to the character of the capacity to govern these islands. Is it ne cessary to predict the consequences ? Need we sas that no Irish jury will convict under this statute ? Need we add, that a verdict of acquittal would be even the least embarrassing result to the govern ment ? It is, indeed, most strange that the merest pottering politicians, the wretchedest red-tape Quidnuncs that ever held the seals of office, have not even yet discovered the significance of Burke's proposition, that "you cannot bring an indictment against a whole nation." If all the houses in Ireland were gaols, they could not hold the number who are willing to become martyrs. If all the army were gaolers, there would not be enough to turn the keys upon the millions who are ready to become prisoners. The common sense of justice in the English people secretly whispers to them that an archbishop, chosen and acknowledged as > such by a whole people, wears the title by an infi nitely better right, in reason as well as equity, than a Beresford or a Ede— the creature of Orange ascendancy, thrust into a fat living by the force of conquest, for the cure of tithe-pig bacon, in default 'of a cure of souls. And for what sort of Protest antism, and who are the bishops, on whose behalf this English nation is dragged into a quarrel with its neighbours and fellow- subjects ? A house divided against itself — men presented to the nation by the state as the only orthodox hierarchy, and who are all ignoring each, other's titles, disclaiming each other's authority, excommunicating, exorcising, calling each other heretics. Hampden repudiated by his brother Bishop of Oxford and his own !Qe£n and Chapter — Canterbury disclaimed by Exeter as his metropolitan — Exeter, in turn, ignored by his own clergy. The one half accused by the other of being Papists in disguise ; the one calling Rome a branch of the true church — another execrating it as Antichrist. Here Bristol and Gloucester kid naps the Horfield estate; there the Bishop of Llandaff lets out consecrated ground for the per formances of a company of tumblers — gets himself elected on the profession of proficiency in Welsh, and keeps away from his diocese althogether to prevent his utter ignorance of the language from being found out ; and yonder stands the Bishop of St. David's, playing at battle-door and shuttle-cock with Archdeacon Williams, in the way of banging " the lie " from one to another, with as little cere mony as a couple of ballast-heavers in a Newcastle collier ; and in the back ground may be seen in perspective the Bishop, Dean, and Chapter of Ro chester, detected with their hands in the very pocket of charity, breaking their faith and trust to the dead, who charged them to be honest, and confided in their honour, filling their own purse with the spoil of the ignorant and the needy, and compassing the ruin of the meritorious citizen who found them out. " These be your gods, O Romans !"' For this we are to stop the onward progress of Irish rege neration ; to double our army, and swell the burden of our taxes; to foment distraction among our subjects ; to divide a house against itself; to cool our friends, warm our enemies, and peril even a civil war, or reduce the force of our laws to the authority of a piece of parchment, of no more account than the sheepskin of a drum, fit only to make a noise with, or beat to arms. When the minister who has brought us to this is our Hobson's choice of statemen, it is time we made up our minds to save the salaries of office, and try to jget on without a government at all. Stop Him Jack ! — For the truth of the following little bit of parish history we have the due vouchers. It was at Louth, in Lincolnshire, some thirty or forty years ago, the vicar, a worthy but eccentric old man, had a remarkable aversion to long voluntaries, inasmuch as they interfered witn his dinner hour ; and the organist, thinking perhaps the mutton over done, and greens cold by standing, were good for vicars, had a practice of thwarting the eager appetite of his reverence. This was not like a dutiful organist, but it was so nevertheless. One Sunday, the organist was playing with more determined pertinacity than usual — cadence after cadence only exciting a faint hope, to wither again in despair. The voluntary, was evidently not one of those that are intended to finish. The organist was overhaul ing it to find an end, and there was none. Now what tortures did the dear old vicar undergo on that eventful Sunday ? He counted the bars and thought of the grate. He felt that if this continued both himself and the 'mutton would be done brown. What to do ? The decencies of the church must be respected — but so also must be his dinner. In the mean time the organist had recommenced, and just at the same time the vicar lost all patience. "Stop him, Jack," he cried, standing up in the pulpit, and calling to the leader of the choir, whose grandson communicates the story— " Stop him, Jack!" The person appealed to endeavoured to prevail on the organist to desist. It was all to no purpose, he could not stop him. " Stop him, Jack, I say," vociferated the vicar. The embarrassed leader suddenly lifted up his finger to the parson. A lucky thought struck him — namely, to cut off the evil at its source. He rushed to, the boy at the bellows. " If you did not blow," he cried, " he could not play ; but we'll make an end of it any how," he continued, as he pulled the poor fellow from the lever, and thurst him roughly away. -The organits was check-mated. With the best heart to continue the fight, he found that the last hit had taken away his wind.- — Bell's Messenger . Complimentary. — " What is the matter, my dear ?" asked a wife of her husband, who had sat half an hour with his face buried in his hands, and ap parently in great tribulation. — "O, I don't know," said he, " I've felt like a fool all day." — " Well," returned the wife, consolingly, " I'm afraid you'll never be any better — you look the very picture of what you feel." Patrons of the Press. — Scene, Liverpool News paper Office. Enter tall gentleman, rather fussy. 4 Do you insert births in your paper gratis ?' We do, sir.' Tall gentleman hands in a slip of paper, which he is requested to endorse with his own name. Having done so, You'il send me a paper?' ' With pleasure : — to this address, I presume ?' Yes,' and the tall gentleman turns to quit the office. 4 W e do make a small charge for our Paper is the mild observation which salutes his retreating form. 4 Ah, indeed ! Well (pauses a moment,) well — never mind, them : — I've no change.' (Rapidly disappears.) — Liverpool Times. Jenny Lind's Embrace. — A Buffalo Journal re cords a curious incident which occurred, on Sunday evening, to the songstress, whilst at the Clifton- house, on the Canada side of the Niagara Fails. Jenny was singing in her room some Swedish hymns. At the sound of her voice, many persons, some of whom had never heard its delightful tones, assembled in the walls and upon the balconies to listen. Two enthusiastic gentlemen, anxious to be as near as possible to the person of the rSyren, leaned against the door of her chamber. Suddenly, the singing ceased, the door was opened- from the interior, and the two amateurs made a rapid and desperate plunge; directly into the.armsof the 'fair Swede, who was. coming out in search ol caudles! J entry is but human and was 4 pretty; mad:' Who can wonder? — New York Express. ; ; ; : - 