T the Editor of the Geelong Aldertiser and ldligjeU?ncr. Slm,--lid the dgi.d whirl ot present events, im toerse as we are in" the whirlpool of excilements lnrmediol the _sol d eoveries, 'tis pleasant from t,-e ooitholes of retreat, to pep at matters,and meditate upon probable conilnuiie;ces. Who is there that owns a heart aln an eve, but mnlt love the Anutralian shore. Ibt ctn lunt. ad.aiie her clime, her position, her a;.ieu?'iiii resocrces a'nd vast means of wealil nd tIhappine-s con tainll within that. beautiful frin e of territory, wober;l iv Bivs where thoprunlest navies light. ride? Who can look npon tlhee thlinLs, hinisef eing an Australian cmigrant, but rijoices that evsr his foot was phinteil tIlI her shores. The vounllst of all ciriiiztl couitries, its history conf.lesl pirtty nearly to the present centurv, it stands a .eacon for the distressed, ecrries a fair frent amono the nationS, has a ipopnlation amounting. "iearly to 50,000 with (-xprts to tile nmount of between two and three miliions. 3Matters were ooinrg on surpri-ingly well. til the latediielosuires ýt us all nagos n:il for a mo"ie:,t or t wo lreprestr the niour of mrn in ther or.lin.trr calli;as, excted the'im to th, ut alot an lli trcrn theni a'way to atlnoi er, a more excit;ii12 tI'iW o i not miore eninollin,, i.r itinr i1 ýfilfl roe.,ti,.n, yet who lill i onalt bLt tl:?:t Vhm, ealle tile gi'l and silver, lnd thel caitta ufta thouanw! hills hil nown, lhas a wonderfild pnrlioe to work ontof this? We will say it muat eventuate in good, and yet again who that look- with a thoughtful eve upon mtntte's, Inut must be filled with apPrehiens;oa anl with fear,-the disruption of ftriili.s the severanee of the social compact, the repression of the sweetest ummanities of ex istence. the abandonment of the gardea and the farm where a tlhous-id mrond;ltes centre. I :tv these thing? Tr.t4 . lull the mirror, through rwhich at first the ,oll diicoveries are -eel. Fer indeed there is morality ia a garden, so ninleh so that a wie man has ventured to remnrk thot. tmn Ian t scareelvy e vicious who lores flowers; U' litlt* as thle are at prteent t!:irvatedi anl trMr o*)nane:.dihle :s the cultivation of such Ii,,t ever Ire, i:o shali attend to t!:'.n the next .(.on that wiall e-m.u *e Thine ' ill no't ie 's l e. y were': inlst-rr tilhl:rm, tandirliteprtisn . .t ath. .:l h l l,:err it:n hlhortr r'rt l I le:i foia::lI t ni anrp: rontly. i, i; wrltl, the g' at thlin, ncessiry v? lthe ,rad disiieratum? ire tlher ;iot !i:inss ithin lhe kmn :nid *gr'p of aeh o:;e wheir treasure hlall not purrliae; andt though a loftier ce.ainin mu-t he attached to it, bi's not a wise one s-ti ' ea if a man -ire the subtanice of his house for lore it shall utterly l;e coitenmted' Thinr? will net be as they were, a zest las been giren to the desire of .'it;, ird tiht for its own .?ie. loner. mnner ill be tOL," "sunm:r: bonum." We 'balil not be sat:lt.i.! with mllerte reminneration--all -hrt of gret-, g-ins will indree fretfias.?i andl ,li-op;i,-ilntent. New arrivals will ca'ah the infee:ion, the- lii'-Z andl ?cllest entinients a-n! feelin;s relat;i!,:, the home, the frind, the nwigl .,ur, will Ie repreo-,tf , mmai virtues crashed. The cry is up arI mon-r is the game. Bat let cs not lo'.k at the dark side alone, " Tiere is a silver linin; to every clai.1." As a yonlna and pmawrrcus colony, in a kind, coi genial, and Inxuriant co ?itry, yet connectel as the colony has ever been with suicidal-interferenee and oppression from quarters where the fastering careof a g-ardian might have been exlecttil. Anstralia has great andl mighty evils to vet crme, a.ti wmron- to counteract. She ii rickety tliou:ih Ind nursing 'Thian, G(tl she IS:-s staninaa and vitality enough to do this and that is not all. The dilcovery of virgin cold wil introid; population- 'opulation will aid the struglo, ind " Gol save the right," ma.y evils will ranish throngh this test. I elievte the wrs committel in the Colonial OiEW e farm a curious enigma, whirc: a streari ef emi.ra!tin wi:l lirve, like some affectionate monples I 'iar lih-ird f t, wiom life wss ;an enilm i, the s'u:i,.n of wh ;-!, wjs only fandl wh-r, thy wet*- :* rll'rr; t'. prese:;t. l.an? r.gcilatiuos, the mi::::ign.:: 1If eholni.l faii;t, tnt- rtattiopn, etceter., *ri!l on!v .tst till a Ilo: nu!atin di,-er.-es the sp;. ll, an~r brats the monr than Pro-ner'-" wanJ. Wa have ,een a revolution inl oar timl, a l:tffernt one ma:y follow for ·l=ht we knor., anl I no more fe.r t'," resnut than I do, that the Frc-nca will IhatJ 'ne smndiny monlina, and tkte posses.ion of Alexander. Capitalism will not be as it ;as been. and the contemptible shao!w of Government, (for what has Mr. Lz Trobh's role been but the very ghost of decre;:itco and weakness.) wili, it is to ie hopei! le sarre!el by the rulo of ora, anol not imtecil-s, ore of the chiefs of whom coolly re-rortl on a certnin crcesion--" Tliny woul.l l avo eniorcel the law, but ther werre at-ridi the d;ai.rs would -ie." lIRn;ar tells of c"'tint me.inores in i r?er-s at home in refenrere to lie oli,-i.i- anl di :cms. i:diers are esi,eteil to e,.tir.., wihat miay l) consid:ered de-ir.lde in Downiian-stret: it is to hored that those measureN may he of a pa cific tentlenry, or coneqences o'f a disastrous charancer mayr e antieipalted; mainy will re member the excitement and int ne feelIng call ed into I;eing bhy the i-sre of the IProel. ation coneeniin- the thre- pound liecnces: the uni; of pr fe' -in alatilalatel the intere?t of all, and pm'ln"?ed a solerm determination, whiet I belierr, the whole IK.IT of La Trnlhs ro!ic, " BIlekn'r i.' and ail riel:14 no have re-ited, hal thyV triel it on with blatcn andI mltiet: at ltit timts lien o meetinta was convenetl, anil tle time came, a few ron!l walk round !tle elge of the creek. Men immaeliattly lift thelir cra ,!!res at the ' il, nl.I h;t:Ireds of th..m wh, wre v.ltshil, "ltilr por.n.P- iKe ,h :i " .iaya. it l emal:ton comntentl, lelft tlir :er- in.. h:sin.l :a nste in tea dnta r-atian 'tlih it to, h:rm 'a the ct-. I nmi:le4l mit" mer. *,-,e tihe d.t rminatines .f-me e ar we. F a n;t; I:,.T ehercter, oe prmi;onpiia I heardl, .ni lichl I bel;,re wont' have Iban ,rri?l ont waa-i:. Iit,,h Conitassioner. tent. " b;acklnrda," an I all the par.iplernalia into the ,eateret wUe?Cr, no. r?nd hole, hieb necessity hail made the di'.ers vaute. The toas esee of the najority ealmea the f~eeling ahlel more or lees rulel all : but hadul that prcelnmaticn not been recal!l. hun dreds well knew Ohint waonll hare been the re salt ' "' ill thlat detesal ion of tvraann ..- ten bhr the addititn of number?! w!hen t?l;na,!Ins hIave becomen hundrtls of thounrrtls, will i: notl be more neec.nar to se asi rwell ns tnie seron and n?tl?r.rity, te weaepons of mle?ration, com mon seoe anJd jlstice? Mleanwhile, let ns sacll the cry, "Adrla.cee Vic:orisl " and let ds not simply ta!k toat it, Int let oir actions prove our love to the camntr of our adoption, not far its onld, fur she has brighter claims thIan the glitterinLI metal can show. A nation is strong, if virtnono and indlotriou, a.?n wenknessn itself wrirloant them, thounh monataits and hills were ,ltt' of .l-l ! Snel evert newspmpenr you can to tle nmotller e-natrv--inat messenger ,leotaelal tbathe oal eountry might pryve of iiealenotlse er'vien to vonr own. An-trilia is n, iizhty unttk ,w to the thusandnlsin Englan?I. Ikt a'p?ror:it will irreliaote nore mi;d to thee tlinga, and su,-i as these are trifles, hut they ehaw the patril;tia mind more than a dcerot speches at politital meetigrs, denbs and so fworth. And truly our beloeld colony presents a cerer ingspter,l ' dead miti;ht Iang over-,l' i not what ,night he. and nuchl t,, be ,klirei. b hu er dptinv is grand, Fhe stain{! emphaq ic:,lly- Lik, iee tall elif thalt rears its awful fbrm, Full to the breeze, ali I mid?,va leaves tla storm, Though nreand its bhe the rolli,.g cionsh are t presd, Eternal sunshine settles on its head. ST T. New Town, 