ARMIDALE. (From the Maitland Mercury.) MURDER BY THE BLACKS.-On July 29th, Ellen Sullivan, the wife of one of Mr. Walk- er's shepherd, of Aberfoil, left her station to proceed to the head station, a distance of about 5 miles, for obtaining some stores. She left the store to return about an hour before sundown, and was not afterwards heard of until the 9th of this month, although the most diligent search was made towards her recovery. Infor- mation was given on the 10th to the police authorities of this place, that the lifeless body had been found, within about 60 or 70 yards from the road, and a mile from her hut. Upon receiving the information, Dr. Markham, and our very active chief constable, Mr. Bradshaw, accompanied by a black boy, proceeded to the scene of this dreadful tragedy, for the purpose of investigating the matter. They found that the body had been removed to the head station, and on examination Dr. Markham pronounced the cause of death to be a wound inflicted by a spear, entering the throat, dividing the jugular vein, and terminating in the palate; the head was also fearfully mangled by cuts, apparently those of a tomahawk. This poor creature, whose chief offence was a general antipathy to- wards the blacks, has now suffered a violent and cruel death at the their hands, through a spi- rit of revenge, leaving a husband and family of six children to lament their untimely bereave- ment. The domesticated blacks assert that the murder was committed by two of the Clarence tribe, known by the names of Jemmy and Charley, but there is no certainty of such being the case. The chief constable, with a mounted policeman, and the black boy already mentioned, pursued the suspected blacks as far as practicable, but were compelled to re- turn, in consequence of the weather being so boisterous as to render further search impos- sible. THE WEATHER.-The weather has been ex- ] tremely rough during the last fortnight ; rain, rain, rain ; snow, snow, snow ; wind, wind, wind ; has been our lot, and it requires some philosophy to refrain from our English privi- lege of grumbling incontinently. I hope, how- ever, that the sharp frosty nights which we have had for the last forty-eight hours will give us a glimpse of the sun for a few hours in the I mid-dav. TUE SEPARATION AND PRO-TRANSPORTATION PETITION.-The petition for the separation of New England from the Middle District, and junction with Moreton Bay, has been again taken about the town for the purpose of gain- ing signatures ; but I am happy in believing that when presented to the Council (if ever it reaches that stage), some hon. and facetious member will propose that it be laid under the table, and the consideration be postponed ad inßnitwn. For I think that after all the in- fluential persuasions that have been used towards its success, it will only prove the ghost of a petition, and be veiy properly repudiated by every right thinking man who wishes to live amidst a community where crime is as little known as possible, considering the general frailty of the human race. I have no doubt that the government at home, whether it be Whig, Tory, or Radical, will with the greatest pleasure accommodate the New England squat- ters with as many felons as they ask for ; nay, I even think that philanthropy only will corry the Home Government so far as to double or treble the number prayed for. But I must lay myself open to the charge of want of faith when I state,.as my creed, that Ido not believe they will give us a single virtuous and un- stained emigrant to counterbalance the amount of vice with which they will so generously supply us. Armidalp, August 17. 