PRIVATE JUDGMENT-- ITS Pllb ' ? VTNCJUT AND ITS LIMITS'. V The phrase private judgment has been of late in considerable requisition toth at the parochial meetings, and in the various, letters that hare appeared in the columns of , - the newspapers, regarding the question of ' Synodical action and Church Government' 1 most desirable for the Angelical Communion' in these colonies. The extent of the legiti mate' use of private judgment is in our opinion but very little and very imperfectly understood by many of those who are in the constant habit of appealing to private judg ment when treating of subjects connected with ' revealed religion.' Nearly all the monstrous and demoralising errors that have disfigured the history of the Christian world, and covered ? ' ^ with reproach the venerable and benign features of Christianity, have sprung from the rash and injudicious use of each one's private judgment, in interpreting the tests of Holy Writ, and in forming opinions and conclusions on the strength of this private interpretation, never intended by the inspired writers. In order then to correct an evil of, so pernicious a nature, and to enable all,, who wish to restrain the wanderings of an impaired understanding within its due limits, and so to make a proper use of their private judgment, we intend to offer some remarks on the nature, province, and exer the investigation of the ' Revealed truths of Religion.' Protestants generally consider the ride adopted by the Catholic Church, regarding the exercise of ' Private Judgment,' in deciding doubts and difficul ties arising from obscure, mysterious, or dis puted texts of Holv SfirintoiTft. as fflt.tavinnr the free exercise of man's reason, and sub-,. jQCting his understanding to a most despotio and unreasonable restriction. But before proceeding further,, let us ask ?what is tbe meaning of Private Judgment ? It is obviously the setting up of the judg ment of each individual in opposition to the public j judgment of a competent and duly constituted tribunal in matters of religion. It is malrincr rvpt-v man a lnrlrrA in his own cause- — it is asserting that the in dividual opinion of each one is equal if not superior to the united opinion and judgment of the great body of Christians-. It is giving a certainty and preponderance to each man's judgment over the deliberate and re corded- judgment of a properly constituted tribunal. It is in fact constituting and in ve&uiug; eauu juuiviuuai judgment wivn an autborative and decisive power of passing ? sentence as of a final court of appeal, on all disputed points of revealed truths, while . this power is unreasonably denied to belong to the assembly of pastors and teachers ap pointed by the Divine Founder of the Christian 'Religion, in order to guard and expound its doctrines to all who believe in that, religion.- Is not this idolising and as it were deifying each man's fallible reason. whilst it scorns and tramples on the en lightened reason and mature judgment of the great body of believers in the univer sally received doctrines of Christianity? The be?t test for proving and pointing out the fallacy of private judgment as a sure and sufficient standard for ascertaining with certainty the sense and purport of any obscure or disputed point of the Christian law; is to examine how the application of ' private jvdgment' would work in deciding on any obscure or litigated point of human law. How do men act in the various states of civilised, or even savace Hfc. with regard to the decision of any question affecting the rights, liberties, and- duties of their fellow-beings ? Is each one left to .? decide for himself in virtue of his private judgment 1 Most certainly not. Each one must abide by the decision of those learned* in the laws, and. of those who have been duly appointed to administer the same, and to judge between man and man. And no state of society either civilised or savage, could be held together for any lenghth of time, if each individual were left to decide by his own ' private judgment' the various cases of dispute or litigation that may, and must arise amongst the several members of the human family. Neither can any portion of the Christian Church be preserved in that peace and unity so essential to religion, without some living speaking authority to decide, upon any controversies or differences that may arise regarding any point of Christian belief. Hence Christ appointed his Apostles andi their Successors to be the guardians, teachers .and judges of nis revealed truths, and said, ' hft t.hat; Kp.nrp.t.h vrm hfiarfit.h mo. and Viethnt, despiseth you despiaeth me and Him that sent me.' And he commands all those who believe in.. him ..to hear the. Church, and declared that he who refused, to hear the Church, was to .be; considered as a Heathen and a Publican., Hence; in the tinve-of the Apostles, when a difference arose amongst the first christianB regarding the observances or the Mosiac Law ; it was not allowed to each individual to, decide by his private judgment the question in dispute, but the Apostles assembled in the first Council in Jerusalem in the year §1 — juBt 1800 years ago — and declared that it seemed fit to the Holy Ghost, and to them to declare what the Church believed, and how her children were to act in reference to the observance Of the Mosaic Law. And in the succeeding age of the Church, when errors were broached against any of the revealed doctrines of the New Law., Councis of the Bishops (whom the Holy G-host had placed to rule the Church of God) were convened by the Chief Bishop — the lawful successor of St. Peter on any of the prevailing errors then uttered against the doctrine of faith; and all those who knew that without faith they could not please God, respectfully submitted to the judgment of these General Councils ; the refractory and tbe disobedient were cut off from the communion of the faithful. It has been reserved for those who drew up the Thirty-nine articles of the Church o* England, that comoound of truth and error. of equivocation and tergiversation, to declare that General Councils had erred; and with an extraordinary degree of inconsistency this Church requires all her Ministers to swear their assent and consent to the truth of each and all of these Thirty-nine articles, which no two men ever understood in the same sense, and which open the fgate for the ad mission of the most contradictory and incoherent opinions. What then is the use of private judgment ? we answer it is of great use, if applied as it was by the Holy Fathers of old, and by the devout Christians in every age who were acquainted with the use of letters, viz., by bringing in the powers or a good understanding, and of a sincere and humble mind to study the sacred text in faithful translations, or in the original Hebrew and Greek languages if they happened to be acquainted with them, in order to draw lessons of salvation from these sacred fountains ; but in no case to interpret the inspired volumn, contrary ' to the unanimous consent of the Fathers,' as the Church prescribes is her profession faith. Those ^who follow this wise and salutary rule in reading the Holy Bible, will be protected from the common danger of mak ing shipwreck of their faith by leaning on vheir own private judgment in opposition to ftp -'--'lemn judgment of the. universal Church. 