The Unsuccessful Man ; or Pas- sages ia the Life of Tilbury Nogo, Esq. BY FOXGLOVE C Continued from our ii me vf 31st July.j As tho kennel door opened, and I stepped into the savoury precincts of Mr Topthorne's hunt ing£cstabliahmcnt, my first feeling was one of thankfulness to that prudence and foresight, windi had supplied mu with a long-skirted up- per garment, something like a weathor-bcaten dressing-gown, and a formidable weapon for re- pressive measures, in tho shape of a must ef- ficient hunting- whip ; not the light cane-shafted silver-mounted gimcrack with which tho dandy " customer " of " tho shires " condescends to open those propitious hand-gates, which'mallo bis ox-feeding and black-thorn- fenced country practicable to man and horse, but a hugo nnd ponderous weapon, iron-hand'ed. nnd heavy thonged, with a punishing pawer that cnn cut "old Benedict" into ribbons, and n crack like tho report of a pistol. Nor was my gratitude for such protection misplaced, for no sooner had the Squiro. put his foot over tho threshold of their habitation than un immediate rush of four and-twenty couple of working hounds, mostly dog's, equnro of head, and largo ot limb, deep, long, thick-throated, and tough-skinned, threat- ened to carry us clean off our legs into the mid dlo of the coming hunting season. " Get over, Truo-boy ! Have a care, Bellman! Back, hounds! back!" accompanied by a sweep of Ike's professional hunting-whip, modified tho first eager demonstrations of his favourites, and gave tho master space'to descant apon tho dif- ferent ornaments of his kcnnol. Topthorne, though on ordinary occasions, n man of fow words, had a surprising flow of eloquenco upon the ono subject which most deeply interested him, nnd, under the impression that ho had got hold of a brother enthusiast, ho now opened out voluminously. Tho lot you see hero, Nogo, are tho whole of my working hounds : twonty-four couple of dogs and bitches, and they como out three days a week, and a bye-day when required. ' Plenty of flesh, and plenty of work,' is my motto. ' Well clothed ribs, empty bellies, blood and whipcord nnd, though L say is, that should not, no hounds in England oan carry a better hoad whon working, or como homo fresher after a heavy, tiring day. Put 'em over lek ¡ how long doo« it want to feeding timo!" lek consults a huge warming pan, which ho drags up by a tiny key from the recesses of his brown cords, and oorrects its report by a solar observation, re- plies, " About an hour and a-half, sir ;" so that I am evidently in for it ! Tho Sqiilro's face brightened as ho remarks,"* Wo shall have plonty of timo to draft tho 'yonng ones . by lit- ters,' and then the wholo of them ono by one." What a prospcot for a summer's afternoon ! lt is so soldom I find a man that really turu for hov.mii. that it is quito a pleasure to get a sportsman liko yoursolf into the kennel : so we will KO through them regularly,'' proceeds the unrolonting Squire; and disarmed by this un- i deserved Compliment, lam «oiupelled to sub i mit, and with suppressed yawns and feigned interest, 1 go through the enforced ordeal. First wo have "-Reveller," and '* Rantipole," and " Kuby," by the Duke of beaufort's " Hag man," out of " our Red-rose,'' And the gre*» sprawling brntes combining th* playfulness of puppyism with the weight of maturity, disturb no in a brown study about th* widow, by nearly knocking me down. After a minute inspection, this" promising litter " are dismissed to givo plnoo to " Galloper" «nd " Gnnymtde," by Mr Horlock's " Bondsman," out Cf " Gertrude ;" and as lhere is a doubt ats to which of these great white monsters . is to be kept, they are submitted to a close surrey for tho «stablish mont of their claim« to superiority. " Gal- loper" is a little "throaty," but then ho ls tho larger limbed of the two, against which, " Gany- mede 'Ms doolnrod to bo tho Image of old " Ger- trude " about tho head (who must havo boon an exceedingly forbidding,'not-to say ferocious looking nnjtnal,). add I r'omarlt that Iko inclines if anything, towards tho oan ino oüp-boardr. Tho Squiro at last appeals to moi onld, taking the chanel- of tho servant heinz in nil probability a better judge than tho master, I unhesitatingly declared in favour of" Ganymede." tty degrees wo get through tho entry, nnd arrive, at tho drafts. Hero 1 rind it somewhat difllciikto pro serve my assumed character as a judgo of tho animal, for even to my inexperienced oyo it is evident that tho symmetry and nppearanco of these " pickings of other packs " will not coun- teract the Intent evil qualities for which they have left their humes ; however, it is always safo to abuse a draft, if filch abuse bo properly tempered, by comparison with tho receiving establishment ; and when I condemned a lame, cmoked-leggod, overgrown brute callad .« Watchman,'' as only fit to bo. hanged, tho Squire and Iko, with admiration pourtrayed upon their countenances, sentenced him forthwith. I kuow not how long I could have kept np the deception, but I confess to having boon over jov»il when the time for release came without my isnorance of tho subject being discovered by the Squire. I thought once pr twine I could neroivo a look of comic, malice ori-jlko's rough features ns he asked my opinion about this puppy or that bitch : but if ho had any suspicions of my imposture ho kept them to himself, and when feeding time arrived, and I stood complacently at the troughs, and suffered my boots to be trod- den on, arid my lower habiliments soiled by the slobbering .gluttons, as they unwillingly relin- quished their, hasty meal. I could not but seo that ( was winning golden opinions from my en- thusiastic host. Ho put his arm within mino as we returned to the house ; and whoo the dressing bell rang, nnd I proceeded with moro than usual care to make my evening toilet, my head was dizzy, and my ears rang with n confused jumble of " Champion " and " Mnrygold," " Wanton " " Wilful," " Guardsman " and " Gnueless," " legs and feet," " backs and feet." " backs and loins," " capital timber," famous in his back ribs." .. deep about Ms heart." and " a lengthy, lashing-looking young hound." As I descended tho stain, in hopes of a fivo minutes trtftt-itte with Mrs Moutaguo Forbes ere tho dinner bell should summon us to table, I had an opportunity of judging of tho former tastes and pursuits of thc Topthomes. by the different pictures and articles of curiosity which adorned tho hall and landing-place. Sportsmen they seemed to havo been ono and all, to judgo from tho pictorial Mihjects nnd oilier trophies which covered tho walls. Uncouth represen- tations of Newmarket iu tho olden times, ere Frank Grant and Landseer were born, beforo the pencil.of an Atkin ¡«lid tho brush of a Her- ring bad done justice KI tho nia^o and shape of the noblest of ani nais. dos;>layed a series of wooden-legged rocking-horses, with short square tails, apparently j'ist taken rom thc plougu, to bo ridden in miliary style, at a slow c-niter. by individuals in cocUeil h.us. periwigs, ¡ind jack- boots. How unlike tile " ru i in for the Derby,'' which in the i resent day attracts its crowds of theoretic sportsmen nt every print-shop window ! Interspersed with ihcso purchases of some turf ntfeetini: ancestor wa» a variety of smaller por- trait-, showing how tho favourite hunter, in bis snatSe-brniio was used to j.imp bis gates stand- ing, in the pivscuco of a numerous pack nf hounds running o»er a flywor-enaraellod sward, that suggested the month of June ns bein.; in thoso good old times I he most favourable season for tho chase. Hero and there was a full length representation of a former Topthorno, long since demised, d»lineatiug with a lofty dis- regard for drawing, mid a bold taste .in colours, as attired in bright yellow breeches, brown top boots, n grass green coat, and a flowing per uk o i Even tho ladies of tho family, tho nncestra housewives, who had fulfiled their destiny o " sucking Topthomes and chronicling sinai beer," seemed to havo been ambitious of bein} handed down to posterity in a mannor hefittini tho wives and mothers of a race of Nimrods, nm for ono that was clad ns a long-lasted shep horde«!, holding a posy of flowers to her bosom thoio must have been half-a-dozen attired it Spanish hats Hud buxom riding-habits, nay, m ; solitary audacious instance, a masculine darno o tho timo of the Restoration was actually pour trayed soated upon a black horse " en eavilier,' and protected in this now unusual attitude hy : stylo ot' dress which, thanks to our sister« on th< other eldo of the Atlantic, we nro likely to soi adopted cio long by tho moro ambitious pnrtioi of tho sex in this country. Dcncitl these family pictures, glass cases contained re presentations of tho different beasts of chase, 01 which tho originals of tho portraits had durinj their lifetime exercised their prowess. Then they were, cunningly studed, to apo£roal life and infinitely hotter resemblances of nature thai tho specimens of tho limner's art. Pied bad gcrs wero plodding ou iu their sidolong canter und lithe, twisting otters grinning* up ac yoi with their death snarl of defiance. Au amiable looking fox, with bright brown eyes, appeared t< bo caressing a prostrate pheasant, whose plumage was fresh and radiant, as if lie had just íutterei away his lifo by the side of som* leafless spinny whilst harmless haros, in th* old convention.! attitudes, the one eating, the ether sitting Uf gated nt you with a placid expression of listlcs wonder, far different from the startled g lane with which the last you killed regar dod,,yow¿re mover after you bad tailored her by shootin " too far behind." Suah and sueh-liko wer tho decorations af the ttaitcase, down which now doscended iato a oomfuriable and well-car poted hall, not too large for a sitting-room, an in wbioh the aqaire kept bis guns, fishing-rodi landing-nets, hanttng-wkips, sticks, umbrella! bats, gloves, and earap-jtools - everything,- i short, which eeuld be wanted at a moment' notice ; a»d th* fre-plac* of which was th general rendcevoee of everyone staying in th bonne previous te all expeditions of sport o amusement, Th* ditlerent apurtaients, dining room, drawing-room, and billiard-room, a! opened into the hall, and vied in comfort an snugness with that centr* of tho wholo. Librar there wita non* ¡ nor did the Squire's tastes an habits rendar tuck aa addition to hit occupation by any meant necessary In his own sanctur ho potiieated " Beckford," " Colonel Cooke, .' White's Knrriery," .« Hums' Justice," an " Colonel Hawker s Advice to Young Sports men," and with this wealth of literature he wa eomplrtoly satisfied. His lister, who subscribe to the circulating lihniry nt Weatherley, gen« rally had two or three new novels in the draw ing-rooin, and I nover yet heard any of th visitors complain of wont ot books. Tho out tide of Tuplhorne l.odi<* was in kecordnnc wiih its inner arrangements ; no pretensions t architectural 'style or ornaintntal appear.inci but everything sacrificed (no bad plan in a cam: try bout.-J io thorough somfort anil eouvenlenci It dated from the hditabetlmti wa, but in li probability scarcely »ny part of the original fi brie which tteod in " the golden days i good Different proprietors had improved, ndded, take away, and altered, according to their seven Ideas of necessity and - ooiiifürt ¡ so that tl Lodge* at it »na called, in 'consequence of son ancient rights of forestry which it oonforrc «pun Its occupant, was now a long, low, irregt lar pile of building, with winding stuironsos, ar quaint ina-nnd-outa-an extorlor that was ! admirablo keeping with the thoroughly F.nglli scenery, tb* toworing oaks amt broad niondov that surrounded its walls i and nu Interior which any gdntlomau not gifted with tho bump locality would be safo to ' losd hiinaulf at lea twico n'day, during tho first week of lils dorn citation, in its puxillng passages and corre ponding gallerias. Trusting to dinned and astray lorvnnt to co duct molto tho drawlng-rooirr, 1 pursued my wi lolsuroly from my own ohnmhor, nltoruatc making'nijr remarks on. karroun ding' objects» ai glancing down with no small satisfaction on tho suit of sables, in which, with a whito tie, it is considered decorous to appear atnomrst our fel- low- creatures ut feeding time. .' Could wo but see ourselves ns others seo us" would bc, like moat faculties which aro wisely denied us. a very disagreeable ncqu'sition. As it is, each mau is satisfied that ho has in himself some po culiarity of attraction which his neighbours must eventually discover. Did you ever know n big, bloated, bagman-looking fellow, with a face like n furnaco, and a frame liku an ox. that did tint delude himself into tho idea that bowns .' a re- markably rino man*?" or. on tho other hand, wa« there ever a puny, half-grown, wasted, bilious looking figure.-'tiut did not console itself with the conviction that It boro tho impress of patri- cian birth and gontlemanlikc brecdiug on its attenuatcd^proportion* ! I presumo I nm no wiser than' my neighbours. Certainly, taking Jack Raflletoii or Sogundo ns the typo of male beauty-and l never heard it denied by nny ono that both aro peculiarly handsome men-my faco and form, which aro as ditforcnt as possible from either of them; must be far removed from the standard of perfection to which wo arc nil anxi- ous to approach. I was an ugly boy at school, but I am much altered sinco then-possibly fu- tile better ; «nd altogether I am content to tnko tho opinion of my tailor, who says I haw a " genteel figure for a tunoul," and whom I am fain to believe, although ho can never completo a coat for me without a dozen alterations, ami was onco h curd to say. with rognrd to a pair of leathers, my property, that drove him out of alt patience hy their obstinacy, .' We can make breeehet, sir ; but wo cannot really make legt!" However, on tho evening in question, I felt that if Mrs Montague Forbes' opinion of my " tout ensemble " was anything like that which I myself entertained, her fato was soalcd. Tho widow must succumb, nnd surrender nt discre- tion. Accordingly. I marched boldly to the at- tack, I took ber into dinner (I was tho only visitor). 1 drank wine with her, nnd talked nnd flirted, and told second-hand London stories, ns good as new in the West ; and when the time carno for her to leave her brother and myiclf to our bottto of old port, her look, na sbo rustled out of the room, said plainly as words could speak-"' Don't stay prosing boro about your horses, but como as quick as you gun to coffee and music iu tho drawing-room " Old port twenty years in bottlois ii fluid which m.ty safely stand upon its own merits, without fear of neglect ; «lui it is astonishing how its in- fluence adds to tho conversational powers of your companion, not only by conferring elo- quence upon Ins periods, but by soothing you into a state of complacency highly advantageous to a listener. A gentleman who can tilk to you foran hour without ceasing, upon the merits and pedi:» es of his hounds, interspersed with pro- blematical anecdotes of their sagacity, and dif- fuse commentaries on tho natura and uncer- tainty of scout, would hardly bo considered an amusing companion, if lending his assistance to the consumption of a decantor full of tonst nnd water, or a jug ot iced lemonade ; but lot him tili his glass to tho brim with tho dry. full-fla- voured, ruby stream which, ho assures you in parenthesis, has beenjin his cellar sinco bc came of .120-not forgetting nt the samo to push tho bottle ncross tho tablo with an injunction " to help yourself"-let him smack his lips ns ho sets down bis empty goblet, and look ns if ho was going to ring tho bell, and ord»r " 'tho other bottle," and you feel convinced that his elo- quence is equal to that of Cicero or Demos- thenes. and aro ready and willing to undergo tho ordeal of another story longer than thc last, upon tho understanding that it ali .t 11 bo accompanied by a fresh supply of liquid alchemy which " turns his words to gold " So wns it with tho Squire : ho had got a listener upon tho only subject ho loved to talk about, and ho made good use of him. Ero tho second bottlo was done, I could havo passed a very fair examination an the system of kennel management in the Pipping don establishment, and could have told to a fraction how much meal they consumed in a week, and how many pounds of horseflesh one h of tlieso interesting animals stowed away as his own proper share in a twelvemonth. What a relief it waa to swagger into the drawing-room, and mske love to the widow-to drink tho eoffon she poured out with her own fair hands, and to feel established at onoo as one of the family when the Squire, according to custom, went fast asleep ia his high- backed chair, mid I rendered my valuable laetisrince in tho wind- ing off of a skein of muck-tangled silk, assum- ing th* imposing attitude of a bear dancing on his bind legs, and holding out my paws for tho reception ef tho eonfusiag web. If not tho most commodious, this is certainly tho most agreeable method *f preparing silk for immé- diat* use. But alas for the resources of tho human mind !-the eonvcrsntionul powers of a gentleman are most unfairly taxed when ho linds himielf the oaly visitor amongst n family party, and aa of course they have got nothing to say to each other, when ho Ands he is called upon to supply topig« and smn.U-ti.tk for ntl. I had exhausted most of my conversation at tho dinner-table, and, although now in tho enviable situation of commanding tho widow's ear, I really had nothing to say. Wo got through tho " woather," and her "garden," very fait-tho fading roses, tho lovely walks, tho surrounding scenery, and tho quaint old houao-whon'my godd genius prompted rae to ask a question sel- dom, in ss old a building, repliod to in the negative " Have you a haunted room hero P " " Do you believe lu ghosts ? " was the coun- ter-interrogative, " for if you do, I won't tell you the story-it is too alarming I " Of course I exprossed my utter incredulty in thoso unwelcome visitants, and with but little persuasion Mrs Montague proceeded to relate the following legend connectod with tho Topthorne family in the olden limo. The hour mid scouo wore calculated to do justlco to n ghost-story : one uf tho lamps had -gono out, lind tho room was lu that stato of semi-obscurity which ls so rauch more gloomy than actual darkness ; tho rising wind sighed in tho trees around tho house i the Squiro, fast asleep in his chair, breathed audibly without disturbing us by a moro ; and Mrs Montague with her drooping ringlets nnd largo sorioua oyes, told her story in thoso low, eager tonca which go straight to the listener's heart ; and thus it ran s - " Many years ago, during tho reign of Charles the Second, nnd when tho gloomy and rigid manners of tho Protectorate, had (¡Ivon pla cb to the roistering habits of the now rejjinie, an snCestor of ours, ono Milos Topthorne, wns thu proprietor of the Lodgo. Miles had served with tile Cavaliers In tho Civil Wu rs, and had lidded to the natural profligacy oi his dissipation tho wild habits of recklessness sd much ntfected by that party. There is a pict'iro of him in tho hall-a hnndsonie, dissipated-looking man, with a bad expression of countenance, to which tho artist lins done ample justlco. ile was no bettor than ho looked t lio broke Ills' wlfo's heart, and drove lils daughter from hor homo by tho dis- graceful orgies in which ho took delight j and evon at this distance of timo the Lodge has scarcely recovered the bad .character lt boro throughout tho surrounding.country for vice mid debauchery, Amongst other perilous utniisu-' mont«, lt was lits delight .tftöicat midnight from his ravels, ncoompantod tbwsfcft^grncoloss com- panions) and hunt the doervWlK- hoUiul add hum throughout tho surrounding forest during the, hours of darknou, soaring tho solitary cottagers" that ho pnssod, and making tho ignorant pea- sants boltovo'In 'him' ns' a supernatural boing, aoraotblng akin to tho Wild lluuUnian of Gor- man romaneo. Thoro is a chasm wilbla a few Milo* of hore,'th«t is oaltad . Vofithorae'a 1.0»* . , to this day ; nnd tho common people bel evo that i ' Mad «Milcs.'ias'they called him, accomplished I the dangerous teat of clearing tho precipico by i moonlight, ll was supposed-and the legend is ! sn banded down to tho present timo-that * Mad j Miles' was not unaccompanied Ly supernatural assistance in these perilous expeditions. Stories ! were afloat of his buring been seen preceded by ' n shadowyifornvon a black horso ; and wherever j his spirit-leader rode, there was Milcs'.bound to ! follow, and 'thence ho still emerged unhurt. Hoon companions, who had accompanied him on theso wild flights, had been known, on their re j turn* weary and exhausted with the midnight j chase, to declaro that they had seen Miles and 'another' far before them in tho moonlight, when they had abandoned the unsuccessful pur- suit, and to enquiro of each other with ¿blank visages ns to which of their number lind so fur distanced his competitors."Tho nnswera^were never satisfactory ; but then, to bo sure, men who hunt in tho dark after suppor nro|not likely to'givo'a very clenrf account of thoir proceed- ings. But unfortunately tho Topthorno of that day did not confino hls¡vngnrics to these moon liglitjridos. Ho was the ¡terror) of all whoso families could boast of beauty, and who valued their good name- ilia assignations with tho damsels of tho surrounding 'district karo givoH tho namo of' Lover's Oak ' to a huge old tree nt tho further end of what is now tho pnrk ; and amongst others in whoso oar be poured his tale of treachery mid falsehood was Alico 'for- wood, daughter of his sub-forester (for Miles, liko his fathers, was keeper of tho forest), and commonly called ' Tho Lily of the Lea.' His advances were long received with scorn mid horror hy the high-minded maiden, but tho cava- lier accustomed to consult only his own ungo- verned passions, thought", linio nf ¿using (oreo whero persuasion was of no avail); and * The Lily' was carried od at midnight from her fa thor's houso. She was brought to the Lodge n raving maniac. Tied upon his powerful horse beliind'herjcnptor, who shull describe the hor rors'of" that durk despernte'gallop ! Iii lier in- coherent {lamentations sbo'raved of a demon form that had pursued her on a fiery black horee-ufa frightful chasm over which Milei hail urged his steed to escapo from his unearthly companion-of rivers of blood through wider, they had waded ; nnd*suro enough when she ar- rived at tho Lodgo her dress, as well ns that o Miles, was stained with gore-and of foarfu conflicts* between her captor and thu demon waged at intervals, wheu the latter's superioi steodjonabledjhiio to como up with tho flyini couple. But'her words wero merely rugurdci as tho ravings of madness ; and although a vonni forester of tho district, formerly attached ti Alice, was found dead in thu forest, with i sabre-thrust through hisj|hcnrt, nu inquiry ii thoie'unscttled times was mado (into tho bust ness,"ami Milos Topthorne, unsuspected nm unpunished, pursued his former career of un bridled license and profligacy. In tho meal timo ' Tho Lily ' remained a eloso captivo ii one of tho rooms above stairs. Inquiries wen made in every direction by hor family, but n< clue was over obtained ns to her whereabouts and tho agony of her father, in lils uncertainty a to what lind become ot his darling, was porhap preferable to the knowledge~of hor.'awful¡fato out of her mind, and a prisoner in the house c such a mau as Miles Topthorno. But th unaccountable part of tho story is to come . Mad Milos' waa brought homo One moriiin after a midnight gallop, with u| broken 'nook nor was ibis a catastrophe that Bhould luiv created nny surprise; but .on that very niitl * the Lily ' had disappeared from her prism room, nor was she aver afterwards heard o She may with tho cunning peculiar, to maniac have eluded the vigilance of those employed I watch har, and when once out of the house, bm precipitated hersolf into ono of the many pom or streams which abound in this neighbourhood But be it as it may, no traces ef ' the Lily have over yet been discovered, and many poasnot vowed that on that fatal nigl ho was woko from his sleep hy the shri blasts of a horn mingled with piercing «crean from a woman's voice, and rustling to the wir dow ho caught a glimpse of a berrying eavalic with a white figure behind him, ..gallopin through tho forest in tho moonlight, and elessl pursued by a shadowy form of unearthly propel tiona, mounted upon a hage and fiery bia« horso. Since thou, the roora that . th* Lily occupied is supposed to bu visited at full moa by sundry shrieks, groans, and mutterings ; an one of our housemaids left a few years ago, i consequence of meeting, as she declared, a whll transparent figuro on the very threshold of tl npartmont; wo now call it tho Pink Dressin) room, and it opons into thu Ulue Bed-room-ot which you occupy. As you dp not believe ; ghosts, I have told you tho story. He go< enough to lighi^'me a hand-cnndle-goodnigt Mr Nogo ! nndiplcasant¿dreamj to you 1 " (Tobe continuai.) 