AusTniA AND PRUSSIA. It is impossible to conjecture towards what point Franco is tending, but thc po- sition of Austria is clear enough. Tho Emperor Franz Joseph bas taken tho reins entirely into his own hands, and holds in tho steed of State as firmly as over. By his solo Imperial authority, ho has re- quired tho cabinet to swear " uncondi- tional fidelity, as also to an engagement to fal fil nil Imperial resol utionsand ordinances. ' The so-called cabinet is to punctually carry out all laws, ordinances and maxims of administration, which may seem good to himself, with their counsel, or without it. They aro to bo rcsponsiblo to himself alone. Their signatures will be a mero attestation that the necessary formalities have been observed. Tho Roichsrath, or Imperial Council, is henceforth to bc con- sidered ns, exclusively, tho Council of tho Throne. Ho, not they, aro hence- forth to make laws. Tho Constitution of tho 4th March, 1849, is to bo subjected to his cousidoration, or, in other words, it is tobo formally and solemnly abolished. Wo remember that some of our contempo- raries lauded this samo Franz Josoph two years ngo for his boon of liberty of do- mestic worship to Protestants in tho afore- said- paper Constitution, a document in which wo -put no faith ;. and wo should now like to know on what shred of liberality they intend to hang their future certificates of his Imperial Majesty's pa- ternal and most gracious government. The truth is, that he has perpetrated this consummate act of despotism with a trembling hand. The Jesuits, not Franz Joseph nor his ghost of a cabinet, nor tho larvae of his Reichsrath, govern tho em pire ; and, in order to homologate their acts, and apply tho ultima limœ to their protocols, Prince Metternich is going back. A villa in tho neighbourhood is nearly ready for the veteran statesman, who will not, it is said, bear tho outward badge of office, but will supply tho intel- lectual deficiencies of tho Emperor, be tho living centre of Jesuitism, and " Dear Prince Schwartzenburg" shall be his man of straw. That it is to be even so, every one will perceive who recollects that the Court of Rome has made sure of an un- controlled range of the empire by exemp- tion from tho Placet regium with which, as we understand, every other Sovereign in correspondence with tho Papal See, the Monarch of Spain not excepted, has re served power to himself or herself to pre- vent tho publication and execution of Bulls. To make matters complete, the Na- tional Guard has been disbanded, and to give éclat to tho progress of Franz Joseph along tho streets of his metropolis, tho Governor has issued an admonition to tho Viennese, to tho effect that every man who does not bare his head at tho approach of so exalted Majesty, shall be arrested, as well as every' man,-one almost doubts if man be now tho proper word,-who sells, or who puts upon his head, a revolutionary hat ! But not ' being absolute in Constantinople, his Ma- jesty Imperial is obliged there to ply his most vigorous diplomacy, endeavouring to prevent tho Sultan from allowing liberty to Kossuth, and the other Hungarian re- fugees ; but tho Turk of course, has more honour, and more humanity, than tho Jesuit, and therefore tho Hungarians are likely, after all, to breathe tho air at large. Tho incorporation of tho non-German states of Austria with tho German Bund is still insisted on, and thus a fine oppor- tunity is afforded to Lord Palmerston to vindicate tho honour and interests of Eng- land, by persisting manfully in his opposi- tion to the scheme, which would endanger Europe, and perhaps damage our com- merce. In tho Lombardo-Venetian territory, the despotism of tho military occupants is ter- rible Milan is in a state of sepulchral gloom, and tho scanty Milanese population yet remaining there, is in that state of horrid apprehension, which unnerves and freezes up those who feel it, and which they only who have felt it, if but for one hour, can ever apprehend. Tho whole Italian peninsula is just now smitten with a similar panic. Florence, Rome, and Naples are tho centres of an all-., pervading terror, the dungeons are still crammed with culprits con- victed or suspected of offences political and religious ; and of absolutism it may now be said, as an apocryphal writer said of Alexander, in tho prime of his glory ; —"Tho land was silent before him," Yet not just so. For as if the displeasure of God rested on tho land, as if the ground reeled because of tho wickedness of them that dwell upon it, tho volcanic soil of Naples has recoiled, and under the spasms of an earthquake in tho province of Basili cata, more than fifty ruined villages re- sound with wailings for the dead, and in tho town of Melfi alone 700 corpses lie among the heaps of their fallen habita- tions. Prussia, too, trembles under tho sword. The military king, good man as he is re- puted to be, thinks himself justified in frowning upon Protestantism, and in fond- ling Popery. Not long since, he abruptly turned his back on a Protestant minister, who approached him with an expression . of loyalty on part of tho inhabitants of a country town through which he was pass- ing. For this, indeed, there may have been some sufficient reason. But there is no sufficient reason, as we humbly think, ' why he should have written a gracious letter, as he is reported to have 'done, to tho superior of tho " Catholic-Pius congre- gations," inviting them to hold their in- tended congress in Berlin in tho beginning of this autumn. Thus will a Popish fra- ternity, under Royal patronage and dilec tion, hold their congress in the metropolis of Protestant Germany, to tho delight of those ecclesiastics, and in striking contrast with our own wiser legislature that will not tolerate tho pomp and pretensions of foreign prelates, and of our Sovereign who, but last week, would not suffer even our own bishops and presbyters, despite tho cla- mour and even resistance of some of them, to meet in Ecclesiastical Parliament, or Convocation._ 