To the Ii diet or of the Moreton Bay Courier. SIR, -I am sorry to trouble you with this communication. I should not have deigned to notice the woefully disingenuous interpretation of my words, which a quasi correspondent of your local contemporary has presumed to give, and the ribald manner in which he has given it, but for the con- temptible threat which he employs in his simplicity to alarm me. I alway conclude that the party who resorts to a threat feels that he is defeated. I cannot tell how to conclude, however, when I find, that a person professing to occupy a position of honour, has recourse to the mean and hypocritical course of writing a letter to himself, and seizing such an opportunity of wringing out no involuntary homage, and paying to himself handsome compliments and classic praise. Of course, it would be out of all character, to impugn the honour of our Northern Star, by saying that he has done so Cesar's wife must be beyond suspicion ; besides, he never dances the "double shuffle," he only dances the single sham to double time. But, be that as it may, the writer in question, as the excellent Toplady remarks of" a better man-like an enraged porcupine, has bristled up most fiercely, and with high sented valour, assumes a threatening attitude. So much is this the case that certainly the critic savours strongly of " the office ;" and" my surprise is that, if he be very sore after his well merited chastise ment, he does not, as one very sore ought to do, i lie still. It is rest, and not volubility and moving I about, that will do him good. Moving about will but irritate his humours, and they are evidently, already, quite irritated enough. I I am quite sure that the unprejudiced reader ' of " those two epistles," whose meaning he who swears by Servetus says, " none but their author can decipher-in which the Queen's English is I mangled-in which only casuistry, cant, and cle ' rical slang, prevail-epistles-, in which the author resorts to falsehood, and palliates dishonesty, and excuses slander, and preaches the doctrine of doing evil that good may come and recommends selfishness, and upholds trickery, and distorts every principle of morality, and every rule of common sense to favour his own purpose, and lower the opinions of his adversary," will be at a loss to discover by what process of ratiocination the critic could arrive at such a conclusion, and will be slow to give him "the credit to say! that he has arrived at it at all ! ! There are none more blind than those who will not see-none more stupid than those who will not comprehend. The criticism is a piece of chicanery and sham, too flimsy to conceal his mortified vanity, and far too clumsy to pass current as g' ft line and true. But " those two epistles" which, while they can- not be deciphered, are nevertheless found to contain all the bad qualities of Tartarus, are not, after all entirely concealed under dark inuendoes -the most hideous, and shame worthy parts, are actually pointed out, and commented on ! These I examine. It would appear that, after the first reading of " the second session," the critic enjoyed a very innocent soliloquy, and, for the edification of the people, i t is committed to writing : " What swarms of petty vermin buzz about me in the columns of our contemporary. And I declare that big blue- bottle that stings me so, if I can but catch him, won't I serve him out. In the two last issues of that formidable foe, no less than nine different articles have been devoted to myself, and my writings. The very thing I wanted when I reasoned and ridiculed in my elegant Billingsgate." Stay Juvenis. Let me ask you, at the suggestion of a friend, if it did not occur to you that swarms of flies are governed as the natural consequence of corruption? Have you acted so very revolting a part as to be one of those pests against whom whole communities rise in a body ? Don't compliment yourself quite so fast, when, peradventure you may have occasion to hide your diminished head.' " How delicious that I should be the mouth-piece of d large portion of our community !" Favoured community truly to have a itch a mouth- piece. Happy people, to have for the guide of their opinions, one who speaks of the Bible as " the book of their idolatry ! ! !" But, passing by this piece of self-complacent reflection, and the" mere opinions of this presides critic, I hasten to rescue from their frightful distortions, such quotations from the second effusion " as he has ventured to make. I never said that our representative must tar merely a talking man ; nor yet that to love, the polka was of itself any disqualification. Nothing can be more disingenuous than such a representa- tion of my sentiments nothing more mean and dishonest, and a surer sign of weakness, than to quote only a part, and that the least important, of an adversary's argument. said, and I repeat it, and I defy contradiction, that, with the present temper of the Council towards Moreton Bay, if we are to be fairly represented in the Council, and hope to derive benefit from that quarter, our representative must have it, as a fundamental qualification, the ability to speak, and with that ability there must be the accompaniments of shrewdness and tact, as developed in the whole procedure of the man who is known beforehand to be .' observ- ing, vigilant, energetic, sanguine, resolute, fear \y>Ci¡B to find that the man who not only loves the ? >(jpolka,^ but who is also the degree of pleasure, "indeed despiper'of-business, j's certainly utterly * disqualified from being the representative of the Stanley Boroughs. If not " the calf's head" Would" be quite as eligible as Henry Stuart ïïïEuswllrf ; ''" I frankly apologise, in my old age, to the , boy for having brought, most unintentionally, to the blush of shame to his cheek. "Series well-known nothing of the Editor of the Free Press that would make questionable any certificate of character that he prononces."* Senex simply identified the Editor with his brilliant ' journal and knowing the origin of that journal, and the end which its birth contemplated, and i*<which its existence, to this day, contemplates, in " spite of all juvenile bravado, to " think for myself," all that, he meant to insinuate was, that a cer \- officiates character given to any of the class to switch Mr. Russell belongs, would be like the ' 'Blind and' lavish ' praises of a most dotting, ^Ëilly^old'fafch'erj'on a most stupid and useful young son.' Who., but the hay himself, who, I fear, was conscience stricken, understood me to mean any '"thing else? ' , 1,1 ". Another remarkable proof of Seeney's sophis- try is afforded in his most ingenious distinction between a moral and a legal libel." I place over against this sentence another : " As to Mr. Rus 1 sell's being ardently attached to the convict system, his own words in to-day's paper the office smell again- fresh-" proves this statement to be a deliberate and malicious falsehood." In this latter sentence there would appear to be a false- hood giving, as I am bound, and willing to five, "'Mr Russell the fullest credit for sincerity but falsehood neither deliberate nor malicious For what does my statement amount to? "Simply this, sale opinion honestly entertained, and _ uttered without the intention to deceive other words, it is a logical lie, but unaccompanied withstand. A moral life is a false opinion not believed by the party who asserts it, and whose object in asserting it, is to deceive Is there no distinction between these two things? And if there begins it inconceivable that a man may be legally convicted of libel, and yet morally be perfectly innocent? If a man is guilty of false swearing and if I call him a perjurer, the law will convict me of libel, and if I am sued by indictment and not by action, as Dr. Lang was, the law will not allow me to allege the truth of it in -justification j but does that conviction make me a slanderer? What else is the man who swears falsely but a perjurer The morality of an action is in the intention, if it be my intuition, in re- minding the perjurer of his character, to provoke him to violate law, lam wrong, and merit punishment ; but if simply intend to show the world, who it is that presumes to sit in judgment over me, I am perfectly justified in exposing the character of my judge. I hope that the quasi correspondent perceives that he himself is woefully guilty of libel, both in the legal and moral sense of the term. > > 'Senex is not ignorant of the facts of the case relative to Dr. Lang as the so-called degraded churchman." The facts are these. Three ministers, whom the Doctor, not inaptly, calls "the three Tooley- street Tailors," pretended to depose him, and further attempted to seize his church. But they exceeded their prerogative, and the party at home, whose prerogative it was, told them be, and consequently Undid what they foolishly pretended to do. They had no more light to de- grade Dr. Lang from his position than bad the Chartist lecturer in Sheffield a right to propose that her Majesty should receive six months' notice to quit." Strange industry to collect all the petty trumpery circumstances of a great man's life-time, and deal them out to every pettifogging scribbler for us stamp. Surely Juvenis is not the one to act as the consort of Dr. Lang. He may, with the greatest industry, echo and re-echo his long list of base, unfounded, and malicious slanders ; but Tantalus like, the pleasant object of his desire, though he may appear to be within his grasp, will, nevertheless, stock every hope, and laugh to scorn his impotence and rage. " l But the duel notions of Bankruptcy are the most extraordinary I have ever heard. I most certainly do require to be told that a man is a bankrupt who, though unable, for a time, to meet the demands of his creditors, nevertheless has the reasonable prospect, and the honest desire, of being, ere long, able to liquidate every debt. How many of his own friends in the bush, with infinitely less excuse, would have been pronounced bankrupts two years ago, according to such a rule, let the shopkeepers say, who were annoyed beyond measure, and actually crippled in their business, by having their remittances returned with the inscription "No funds!!" But were they bankrupts? No. Lilco Dr. Lang, they merely wanted time. They were embarrassed ; but they have now recovered themselves so effectually that my friend the Editor would do homage to some of them by doffing his hat when he meets them. As to the Hue and Cry raised by Mr. Gilbert Wright, 1 refer friends and foes of the Doctor to the correspondence-the entire correspondence-as published by himself. No syllogism, however convincingly constructed, by a one-sided party, should suffice, while other'syllogisms from the same data could be framed equally convincing to the opposite direction. I am quite sure that Mr. Wright's own representations have already satisfied all rational men at home, and would satisfy all unprejudiced men here. To rake up, then a thing like that of which Mr Wright ought to be ashamed. only shows how ill off Juvenis is to get powder for his shot. I am further represented by this immaculate youth as guilty of political immorality by advis- ing the Electors "Be perfectly selfish who? the aggregate Electors-" for your District for yourselves individually, be the reverse .-" and he refers to this with such an air of triumph, and Believes it with such avidity, as to impress one with the notion that Senex is set down for ever as a wicked old man. " Hear till him :"--" Choose your representative not for what he will put into your pockets, but for what service he can do for you by the influence of his character and abilities V Here is an elaborately wrought out distinction without a difference. Verily Tis strange there should ewes difference be 'twixt tweedledum and tweedledee. Ka? more j I should like to know what conceivable difference, there is betwixt this and my own advice. For once, we are perfectly agreed. I told the Electors not to choose their Representative _ far what he directly or indirectly, could put into their pockets, but for the good he could do to the aggregate interests of the community to lot all personal considerations, in a word, be kept so far out of sight, as not to give their votes, as a gra- tuity when their goods were purchased at a price. Does Juvenis think that selfishness is confined to the pocket Î Who but he could have screwed any thing else out of my word selfishness, but that the Electors word to choose the better man? Truly he is most candid and open, though doubtless . i J ¡'n 49. i it I > L, t.i.fli,'' list 't Jfil f >'lV"5 UTIinteutionnllyj iii adv'wiiíg-î'hcar till'hlln^agditi - -On behalf of "a gentleman íof-hotfour"1 and < honesty, I'ujlb tell you, be not selfish for your district. Via politically, as you should be, individually, liberal, open, and generous that is to say, choose the inferior man. Electors of the Stanley Boroughs H But do you think of political liberality and generosity? Tell the Editor, on the day of election. One word more respecting this veiled Jnvenis. He is so unscrupulous in his insinuation, so reck- less in his assertions, so dishonest in his interpretations, and so illogical in his conclusions, that, as a professional individual, he is beneath contempt. I Defamation and praise will be, to me, equally as ' ceptable. Even one knows that, whatever direct | tion he takes, it. the same vapid, senseless, jumble of smart words and dull ideas. He may con- jure up any shade that he possesses time, or, if he prefers it bring forth all his shades, in a body, and, being conscious that I can stand perfectly erect in the manhood of my integrity, I feel prepared to meet both his ghosts and himself, when- ever he may think proper to introduce me to them. I don't know that I have sufficiently " taken care of' my words !" to suppress the creature's ire. If I did not, tremendous was the penalty! " Does Senex dare me to the proof ?" The proof of what? Of my name? I care not if the silly brat stands on the South Pole and echoes it to the North. If, however, be means any evil accompaniment with the name, most unhesitatingly do I reply I TAKE HIM TO THE PROOF. , I have the honour to be- f " " Mr. Editor, Your very obedient and obliged servant. SENEX. 