THE FRENCH COUNTERREVOLU TION. {From the Nation s Dec. 13iL 1851/1 For a week the president's eoup d' JBfat has been triumphant— such a triumph as it is to gripe a sleeping man's throat and hold him down with a dagger to it. For a week France— France, which has shed so much ? gallant and generous blood, and toiled with such a prodigial zeal and genius for her liberties— has been at the mercy of one of the most contemptible despotism that man kind, savage or civilized, ever writhed under. Since the worst days of the Empire there have been no such powers in any French ruler s hands since the bloodiest days of the Convention, power has never been so unscru pulously used. It makes ones' heart bleed to think of the terrible condition of this, the premier nation of all Europe. Half its departments under martial law, its legisla ture scattered, in prison, or under surveil lance—the most eminent of its soldiers and statesmen in the cells of Ham, and Vincen des, personal liberty at the mercy of every policeman, life held at the point of the bayonet, the press gagged, the city cowed, scores of gallant and honest men, who have dared to do their duty as citizens, marched, out hourly to the. Champ de Mars'to be shot ike dogs. And,all this wanton effusion of life, all this flagrant violation of the most ' sacred rights, that the nephew of NapeTeon may wear a purple robe, and own a civil list. The greatest criminal in Europe stands at the head of the party of order to day. From Montalembert and the Univers, to the torpid Bourgeoise, and the greedy prefects and sub- prefects, and hangers on of all grades on the enormous system of cen tralized Government in France, this man is put forward as the champion of society, law, and religion, against anarchy. This it seems is the role L. N. Bonaparte is ambitious to assume. But it is one which no sane man can recognize in his person. He who has broken all the sanctions, and safe guards of soeiety, he, the one man in Franee, sworn to uphold the constitution, who has openly broken his oath — he, who has shed blood to uphold his unhallowed rule with more than the ferocity of a Robespierre -he, who holds his police and soldiers in leash to loose them on whomsoever lifts voice or arm against a Government which has been solemnly pronounced by the High Court of Justice and the Legislature of ihe nation, to be outlawed and an usurpation — is thij, rob ber, perjurer, cut-throat, traitor, the cham pion of the party of order ? If he be, we know under what banner all that is true and honest in Europe may take its rank hence forth. ' In fifty years,' said Napoleon, at St. Helena, ' Europe will be either Republican or Cossack.' His nephew has brought Europe to the crisis when the prophecy must be verified one way or the other. Little does it matter that for n week or fora month the French may be spell-bound by surprise, and overawed by shells and grapeshot. To those who mark how cleverly the President organised his plans— what an unpopular intriguing, and monarchical assembly he pushed out of the way— what a large seeming concession he made to the people in the Universal Suffrage and the Vote by Ballot— what force he had, and how he uses it ;' on the force of these considerations who can wonder if the votes of Christmas ' left him to a longer term of power? For the question of the urn, on the 20th, will be; not between Louis Napoleon and an other form of Government— as he puts it Louis Napoleon or none; and in such an alternative he can hardly fail to clutch the honors he covets. But millions of suffrages will not secure his seat in the Elysee ; for it rests on fraud, falsehood, and murder, and floats a mere waif 'on the great tide of events. France, stunned for a time ; rent and betrayed by her factions; fearful of the ghost of 93 looming through the future, may look on in silence and apathy. But it is in the dead stillness that the tornado is piled cloud upon cloud. And it needs no w:zard to foresee that this people of sudden and stormy insurrections, who waited long, and long bore to be dragooned and swindled, and then at last sprang to their barricade?, and made a short day's work of a dynasty ; ^ to foresee that this miserable impostor, too will follow in the track of the descendant of St. Louis, and the citizen king of the Bourgeoises— yea, may it not even be that . one of its last lessons shall be taught ' to European despotisms, in the gushing of Bonaparte's jugular on La Greve. What makes it as sure as fate 'that this imperial rule may not be permanently re£ erected is, that whatever intellect, and what ever politics have a faith in France are Re publican to the core. While other parties are intriguing and dealing in expedients, and makeshifts, and empirics, there is oire party that has toiled on with the faith of the truth id its words, and a dauntless courage in all its actions. The party to which Ar mand Carrel gave his chivalrous heart Gamier Page, his pure gentle soul, Godefroi Gavaignac his fiery zeal— the party in which live the faith and the tradition of the Gironde and to whose thoughts the noblest intellects of France are tributary— the party which evoked the Republic in February, ana guarded it in June, has only war to death for the new usurper. Thiers may make his quiet personal bargain, and pay a visit for his health, to King Bomba. Montalembert may do honour to the perjurer and the profligate, who has granted St. Genevieve for the singing of his Te Deum. The legi timists may emigrate in despair— and Guizot may read the Orleanists 'a doctrinaire' lecture on the new dynasty in his t.olerated ournal. |3ut the Republicans know no truce with the dictator. Against them his only strenghth is the sword. And the Gene rals whom he has locked up in his old rooms at Ham are among their leaders— a j perilous consideration for him, whose only Strength lies in the army. And this army — theso battalions which follow him now, because he has bribed them ; because their own generals are not at their head, and it is a soldier's instinct to serve ; because he lias given to thera as merciless a license in the streets of Paris as they did in their razzias among the African Kabyles — 'what,' when Y\ia 'f-nnn' hna n«a-!P-rl. will ho rln a-ith V\io 1 army 1 He has given to them as gross a sense of their strength as had the Praeto rian Guards of Rome, or the Janniesaries of the East. With a Booaparte at their head, the army must have war. And war with whom ? With Russia ? Nay ; if the Im perial scheme prosper, will not Napoleon II be wedding some fair Olga of ihe Czar's House? With Austria? Was Kossuth let to land at Marseilles ? Is not Francis Joseph the cousin of the Emperor? With Prussia ? Nay ; another empire must be built for the beloved of Berlin. Frederick, too, is of the Party of Order. With England ? Aye, with England, frlow should a Bonaparte appeal to the heart of France save through the memory of Waterloo ? Against whom should the second Napoleon lead his Eaeles. have against the ' perfidous Albion,' which tore the empire asunder, and chained Napo leon to the solitary island in the Southern sea ? Might not the generals themselves unsheath their sullen swords for him in this quarrel* Changarnier, surely, to whom the enterprise is dear as it was to Hoche ; and even Cavaignae, if, perchance, one drop of the old blood of Leis still tingles in his veins, Thev feel it. and fear it. with their subtle instincts, in England already. The absolutist Times sets up its long unused constitutional houl on the lost liberties of , France, and it echoes rumbling along all the columns of their press. Well may they feel that the danger is» close at handi The Dictator has ordered his 'own correspondent' to stereo type his false bulletins, or else leave France. Their ' mild and conciliating' Ambassador, (who was Lord Lieutenant Normanby here upon a time,) has said that English people in Paris must hold their tongues, or his Ex cellency may not be able to save them from harm. Already that. great Chrystal Palace of theirs; in which they fancied they held their paternal re-union of all nations, is as absent from the French mind as Solomon's Temple. And so 52 begins to ^redden the dawn wkh hope for Ireland, whether ' Arimanes' or ' Orimasdes' prevail ; whether the Cui rassiers of the Guard bivouac in Regent's Park, or the tyrants of Europe be trodden to mud in the war between Democracy and Despotism. For wherever the truth and the right prevail, then and there our cause raises its crest gloriously again ; and it has more than once been said, with eminent truth and propriety, that ' in the hour of England's distress is Ireland's opportunity.' I ?- Yankee Wit.— Dan Russell, the Union p candidate for auditor of public accounts, in |l Mississippi, is an original genius, besides be ll ing gifted with a ready and happy wit. On I; Friday night last, at Jackson, he was sud 1 denly called upon for a speech by enthusias I tic shouts from the audience. Rising upon jyj the speaker's siand, Dan thus commenced : I ' Fellow-citizens, you have called upon me | for a few remarks. I have none to make, I I have no prepared speech. Indeed I am 1 no speaker. I do not desire to he a speaker ; I I only want to be an auditor ?' We need 1 not say, that the well-timed pun brought I down the house.— Natches Courier. 1 Canadian Railway. — The St. Lawrence 1' and Atlantic Railway has been opened as jar Mi as Melbourne, severity miles from Montreal, i|; and it is supposed that in twelve months the ;|- whole line to Portland will be completed. il' To the section of country through which ai this road is lo pass, this will be a great a'l benefit, and must induce settlers to select jll the eastern, townships in preference to many ;'|j parts of the extreme west. Great difference |lt of opinion exists respecting the projected 11 railway from Halifax to Quebec, and people p are beginning to question toe policy of in £7,000,000. i he scheme is not so popular in Canada as it seemed to be at its first an nouncement, the more so as it - is now pro bable that both Quebec and Montreal will, within perhaps two years, or at most three, be eonnected with ihe sea-board at Portland; and with Halifax via Portland. The Family Opposed to Newspapers. — The man that don't take his county paper was in town yesterday. He brought the whole of his family in a two-horse waggon. He still believed that General Taylor was President, and wanted to know if ths ' Kamtschatkians' had taken Cuba, and if so, ' where' they had taken it. He sold his corn for 25 cents. — the price being 31 — but upon going to deposit the money they told him it was mostly counterfeit; the only hard money he had was some three-cent pieces, and those some sharper had ' run on him' for half-dimes. His old lady smoked a ' cob- pipe,' and would not believe that anything else could be used. One of the boys went to a blaclc-smith s shop to be measured for a pair of shoes, and another mistook the market-house fora church. After hanging his hat on a meat- hook, he piously took a seat on a butcher's stall, and listened to an auctioneer, whom ha took to be a preacher. He left 'before meetin' was out.' and had no ereat oninioD of ' the sarmint.' One af the girls took a plot of seed onions to the post effiee to trade them for a letter. She had a baby, which she carried in a ' sugar trough,' stopping at times to rock it on the side walk. When it cried, she stuffed its mouth with an old stocking, and sung ' Barbara Allen.' The oldest boy had sold two 'coon skins,' and was on a ' bust.' When last seen he had called for a glass of ' soda and water,' and stood soaking gingerbread and making wry faces. The shopkeeper, mistaking his meaning, had given him a mixture of sal soda and water, and it tasted strongly of soap. But ' he'd heard tell of soda and water, and he was bound to give it a fair trial.' Sotae ' town fellow' came in and called for lemonade with a 'fly in it,' whereupon our ' soaped' friend turned his back and quietly wiped several flies into his drink. We approached the old gentleman and tried to get him to 'subscribe,' but he would not listen to it. He was opposed to 'internal improvements,' and he thought ' larnin' was a wicked invention, andcul terwafen nothin' but 'wanity and wexa tion.' None of his family ever learned to icau. uui. uue uuv, asm us leacueu uciiuut awhile, and then wenfc a studying diwinity.' — Boston Comtnonivealih. The Great Parisian Lottery. — Various reports are in circulation relative to the famous ingots. It is said that elevea persons have already presented themselves at the office with tickets bearing the number 2,558,115. The second prize of 200,000 francs is disputed by eight competitors, How are the false tickets to be distinguished from the true j the pure gold from the imitation? A Solomon will be required. — Siecle. 