CRUISE OF THE BORDER MAID. (From the New Zealand Almanac.) THE following account of the Northern Missionary voyage in the Border Maid has been drawn up from her Log Book, and from conversations with different persons engaged in the mission. The two Bishops sailed from Auckland Harbour July 8, 1851, taking back the four Melanesians that Captain Erskine, of H. M. S. Havanah, had brought away the preceding year. The rest of the ship's company were a student and a scholar of St. John's College, as first and second navigation mates, two English boys, and one Maori lad (as the ship's carpenter) also of St. John's College, a Maori man of the Waikato district, the sailing master and a sailing mate regularly connected with the Bishop's schooner, and four other sailors. The first island they reached was Anaiteum, 169° 47' E., 20° 13' S. There is a resident Presbyterian Missionary there, Mr. Geddie, who is labouring steadily among the people. He entrusted one of his boys to the Bishop, to be brought here and specially instructed in printing, for which he shows great aptness. There are already some parts of the scriptures printed in the Anaiteum language. At this island they found the clearest possible proofs of the superiority of fair and peaceable dealings with the natives, over dishonesty and intimidation. An English trader had originally built a fort there, and had brought some cannon for his defence, but the guns were seen lying useless on the beach; and there was a thoroughly good understanding between the trader and the natives, because from the very first he had dealt honestly with them. They proceeded to Futuna, and brought off two boys, whose language very much resembles the Maori. There were no signs of Christianity visible there; but the boys say that two Samoan teachers were murdered there some time back; and they know several Scripture names and doctrines. An event occurred on board, which shows one of the customs of this people, and is not confined to them; and at the same time shows what a blessing the Gospel will be to them in thus life as well as in the life to come. When one of the boys was very ill, his relation wanted to have him thrown overboard, as thinking the life of a sick man a burden to himself and others. From Futuna (19-39 S.) they steered their course to Tanna, guided all night by the ever active Volcano that Captain Cook speaks of. Here they found a little Erromango boy tending a sick English sailor with an unwearying love and patience that would put Christians to the blush. The man (alter Philoe tetes) had been left at Erromango, and had come to Tanna for the natural hot baths. The boy had accompanied him as his nurse; and both were taken on board the Border Maid; the Englishman by his own request was taken to Sydney, the boy is now at St. John's College. Only a few natives of Tanna have as yet shown a favourable disposition to receive the Gospel. From Tanna they sailed to Niua, where they were kindly received by the natives, thence to Erromango, where they arrived on the 7th August. There are no Christians there, and the natives of Dillon's Bay on the south-west of the Island, where John Williams was mur dered, have still a bad character for fighting and treachery; but the sick English sailor said that he had been once on shore there to got water, and that he was very kindly received, and the natives helped him to carry his water casks to the boat. Two of the boys that Captain Erskine had brought away belonged to Erro- mango, but not from Dillon's Bay. Nothing could have been more amiable or satisfactory than their conduct during the whole time of their conection with the college. The Bishop of New Zealand went on shore with them to Bunkil, on the south side of the island.and was most kindly received by their relations. Ile made them explain to the rest what they had been taught at the College, and the object of the Bishop's visit to their island. The elder boy of the two showed his attachment to the Bishop and the College by swimming out to the ship a fortnight later on its return home- ward ; and he is now here, and is the pattern of good humour and obedience, much of which is no doubt to be attributed to the good discipline he learnt on board the Havan- nah. He was exceedingly anxious to convince the Bishop that his friends were not so savage as the English had generally represented the Erromango'people to be; but he owned that all the neighbouring tribes were continually at war with one another. From Erromango they sailed to Mare (which will probably be found to be placed a quarter of a degree or more, too far west in the chart) where the Bishops remained two days. There are three large mission sta- tions on this island, and probably more Chris- tians than anywhere else in these seas. At one station called Siguama they found a large chapel 120 feet long by 30, in which 500 people assembled for service. They found that one of the boys who had been at the College the preceding year had adhered steadily to the native teachers, and had made great progress in reading and writing in his own language. These native teachers are from Samoa and Rarotonga, and are some of the good fruits of John Williams' labours. They are to be found scattered in all those groups of Islands, and numbers have laid down their lives by the sword or pestilence, for the truth's sake. A few miles from this station towards the south the people are very savage, and opposed to Christianity ; but it may be hoped that if an effort be made now to establish a regular Mission there, the whole island will be brought under the influence of the gospel. The bishops selected five youths and brought them off to the ship, two of them having been at the Col- lege before. From thence they sailed to the Isle of Pines, which is preoccupied by the Roman Catholics : thence to Lifu, where there are no Christians, They found the little boy Thol who had been so ill at the College the year before. His de- light at seeing his friends again was only equalled by theirs at seeing lum so weil, and bringing him and a companion off to the ship. As a proof of the natural gratitude of these people, the bishop was greeted on his landing as "Thol's father;" and a message was immedi- ately sent off for Thol to come. It was grati- fying to find that he had not forgotten what he had been taught last year, but said his little prayer quite perfectly as if he had been in the habit of saying it. Thence they proceeded to Fate or Sandwich Island, 17'41 S., where they took on shore another of the boys received from the Hava- nah. His father seemed very grateful for the care and kindness shown to his son, and offered large presents of yams, &s.; The wisdom of bringing these boys to the College for instruction is proved by the fact that this boy who ensured such a welcome for the Bishop this time, said that when the Bishop was there last year, and the natives saw the Undine schooner lying in the harbour, they were forming a plot to cut her off and aeizv her, when a violent storm drove her out of the harbour. May we not say, " He shall give his angels charge over thee," &c;, ?" The Samoan teachers there are well treated by the na- tives. | None of the places they visited after Fate i seemed to have ever heard of a missionary, or to be used to the English. The natives were very shy and timid at Apia, 16'46 S. Their language resembles the Maori, The furthest points they reached were Ambrym and Mullicólo, August 25th. The first day they spent at this latter place, the natives near the S.E. were very friendly, but on the following day another party who were supposed to have come from the other side of the island, tried in vam to excite the friendly natives against the bishop and his party who were fetching water from a hill a quarter of a mile from the shore. By keeping the party together, and showing no signs of alarm, they all got to their boat with no further harm than a volley of stones, from the few ill-disposed [ natives. The friendly ones brought off a water, cask they had been obliged to leave. Soon after this the stato of the ship's gear forced them to return homewards. They arrived at Newcastle, September 20th, and at Sydney in the evening of that day, and reached Auck- land October 7th, with a Melanesian force of 13 in all, who are now steadily working at the College and making considerable progress in the English language, arithmetic, and writing ; and most of them apparently are able to com- prehend and willing to accept some of the first and saving truths of the Christain Faith. DEO GRATlAS. The Melanesian scholars brought back in the Border Maid, October, 1851. Bita Didamang Lidis, Solomon Isles. Siapo Kateingo Isle of Mareor Nengone Loyalty Isles. Kaiwhat Cho forNcngone. ' ' Napai , Thol Apale }Lifu' Loyalty Isles. Saliwa Irai Fatuna, New Hebrides. Tupua Anaiteum, New Hebrides. Sellok Nivi, Umao, Erromango, New Hebrides. It may be allowable to mention that the Diocese of Sydney not only gave its liberal alms, but its prayers in every Church, in be- half of those engaged in the Mission during the continuance of their voyage. The following prayer was used in St. John's College Chapel in this diocese during the same time, and is inserted in the hope that on future occasions perhaps, it, or something of the kind, may be adopted by others. " O Lord Jesu Christ, who didst walk upon the Sea of Galilee, who didst calm the waves thereof, and safely bring thy Apostles to the haven where they would be ; who also of Thy great love didst accompany Thy disciples journeying to Emmaus, and manifest Thyself to them ; we humbly beseech Thee to bless Thy servant the Bishop of this Diocese and all that journey with him. Give Thy holy Angels charge over them to keep them in all their vvays. Prosper their endeavours to spread the knowledge of the Gospel among the multitude of the Isles, and so fulfil our prayers for their safe return, that we may glorify thee more and ' more, who livest and reigne6t with the Father and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world j without end. Amen." I Mr. Hurt begs to call attention to the elegaut und J fashionable tnrn-out, consisting of hones, carriage, an 1 harness, «bleb be Is instructed to sell by auction, j thi» <l*j, at eleven o'olock, at Stewart's Horse Bazaar, 209, l'ltt-strcet.-Communicated. 