FACETL53. tyxtractr from the Irti't Ifue and Cry. Torty Gowan ia advertised ai having lost "a pi «lill avery ion ir tail, and a black »pot on tb lip of bil tumut thal mri« (ip behind,"'-A co; is described a» " very difficult to milk, anil of n us» lo any on» but thc owner, willi one hor much longer than ilia other."-John Hawkin il alluded tuns having "a pair of quick gre eye», with little or no whisker», and a Roma note, that has n great diffirulty In lookinir an one in the fece.'*-Betsey Wntrrlon is accused r having " ahtennded with a chest of drawers an it rock and hen. and has red hair and a broke tooth, none of which are ber own."-Th manager of the laving» bank at Dunferry, nea (¿cofo» ran, II spoken of In these lemur-" H had on when Ult seen, a pair of corduro trousers, with n tremendotn »quint rather th worse for wear, beside» an alT-cted Usp, « Ililli h endeavours to conceal with a pair of gol spectacles."-A burglar has hi» portrait tiken i the following manner : "He has I ¡Lt le* or nn hali but black eyn OH a turucd-up nose, which i dyed black lo conceal it» greynesi." A YANKEB editor says he " liked to die larfin' to see a drinkin' chap tryin' to pocket th Bhadnw or a swinging sign for n pocket hand kerchief.'' Law, like a razor, requires a 'strong hack j keennts«,andan excellent temper. N.B.-Man of those who gi t once 'shaved with case and ex pcdilion,' seldom riik n second operation. MILTON being ntltrd whether he would in struct his daughters in the different languagei I replied-'No; one tongue is sufficient for .woman.* A DANDY ii a chap that would bo a Inly if h could ; bul as lin Can't, he dues all he can I ?how Hie world that he is not a man. A writer in Noter und Querier states that th following word-charm is used to prevent a thur from festering i " Our Siviour wa» of a Virgin born. His head wa» crowned with a crown of thorn ; lt never canker'd nor fester'd at all, ! And I hope in Christ Jesus this never ihaul (shall)." " Thc girl» who remain torpid in their girl hood, of tho moon in a well," Bays a thar writer, " nie pretty sure lo lepay themselves fo j Buch ill-timed sobriety by a glowing meridians ten yean after date. I detest even virtues til* are unnatural. I hate a matronly miss. Th I cat nhould begin by being a kitten. When n mun swears, ho ia only telling th world that his bare word is not to bc believed. I Why is a ring like the letter D ?-Because w can't be WED without it. I Lightning never strikes hut once in the Barn pince-therefore, let a man »hole first wife wa a good ono, never marry agn*n. A hatter advertises that lind* on the Mindi of grent importance, but What's on the Head i of greater. An Irishman, writing a sketch of his life say he early ran away from his father, becaui he discovered he wai only his uncle. " Tiberius, how do you mnko a H P"-" Why ss to that mailer, 1 generally place a horizontu beam between two upright posts." A Curiout Fact.-Make a string that wi] reach twice round the neck of a lady ; let he hold the ends between her teeth, and if the nous will slip over her head to thc back of the neck i \ I» a certain indication that she is married, o ought to bc 1 Mrs Splckles says that the best vegetable pl] that bas yet been inventai, is nn apple dumpling For th-ktioying a gnawing nt thc stomach, it i (lie only pill to be iclitd on. A Quack.-" Ma'am," said a quack to a ncr von» old lady, "yours is a scrutiinary complaint.' j " What is that P" " It is thc dropping of tin nerve». The nerves have fallen into th I piznrintum, the chest becomes tm herons, thr heat goes liz,\rlzzcn, tiasrixzen." " Oh, doctor, yoi have exactly described my frelings. What is tlie difference between a schoolmastei and an englue-driver P One trains thc mind tho oilier minds the train. "Who took care of thc babies?" artlessly Inquired a little girl, on hearing her mother say llmt all people weie once children. Mrs Partington thinks there will bo euc! facilities for travelling bimeby, that we can gc anywhere for nothing and come back agin. Old Boreas is a bit of brick in his way. What strange ideas of sleep the old fellow has ! lie whisks the beaver od' a man's hat, H ml calls il juit . taking a nap.' The Orleans confucation decree is railed in Prance Le premier vol de I'vigle (the first voi of the eagle), yoi mean» 'robbery' as well at 'flight.' The pun is therefore perfectas well at true. The lawyers arr about to form themselves inte a r'dle corps, for which they are well fitted by their peculiar practice, and their quickness in discovering the objects that are worth powder and shot.- I'mic h. " It is wonderful that faces arc not more alike! (»aid n lecturer) what dire confusion would ensue if fathers did not know their own children hy sight, nor husbands their wives. On this small surface, nine inches by six, are depicted tuch vurious traits, that among the millions <.f inhabitants au tho earth, no two liavo the »ame lineaments." Question/or a Debating Society.-"If a man has a tiger by the tail, winch would be thc best for bia personal lafeiy-to hold on, or to let guP'' Mr Addison once bet that he could ni nie the worn pun that ever was made, and immedi- ately went up to a man carrying a liare in his hand, and »aid to him, " Isthat your hair or a wig." " Look out, up dare, how you trow bricks guess you want to kill dis nigijer,'* said a lusty black hod carrier, thc other day, when a large brick fell from a two-story scaffold upon his bend and broke in two, without any further damage. Talking about women voting, the Burlington (U.S.) Scniinel says s-" Cradles nre the ballot boxes for women, in which tiley idiould deposit not votei, but voters. That makes a Warwick uf every mother of 'em.'1 An actor in a »Irret puppet-show-a Punch nnd Judy-pointed cut to the correspondent of the Morning Chronicle thc extreme lengths to which tho '"'hlntellect .' is marching. "Some fnuiilies «here 1 perform will have it most »rn timeiitnl-in the original style-them families Is generally sentimental themselves. Others ia nil for thc comic, nod thon 1 has to kick up alt the games I can. To the sentimental folk I am I obliged io peform wcrry steady nnd wrrry slow, and leave out all comic words and_ business. ' They won't have no ghost, no cullin, and no devil ; and that's what I call spiling the per ' formancr entirely, lt's the march of hlntellect wots a doing all this err-it ii sir." I A writer in the New York Nation endeavours i to persuade his readers lint " the low English prejudice" against Ireland, extends even to the national colour/ "There is not n green ribbon exhibited in any of the milliners' shop» in London ; in the little book nn tho ' language of colour,* green is made to lignify forinken ; tho dangerous places on thc coasts are marked by a green buoy ; and spectacles of a neutral tint are said to assist the sight more (han green glaises." The writer evidently thinks that the colour ii peculiarly adapted for Ilia renden. There are said to bc no proficients In the cul- inary art in New York. Tho Literary World lays, «'. Wealthy men of lalo have adopted a laudable h »bit of milking dunationi for public objects. We suggest to the next of our milli 'orlarle! who dies-no, it la not necessary that ho shouljJÜJe-who wishes to be a public bouef.ic torilHKne found a frru academy for the in UtrueWffllof cooks. -It would be' a'most bene fflclal,aWtj-rJorions Institution." [ fc Tw'UlU'eoln Me,rcU*y gi vs» an account of a novel exhibition, willoh took^njaco liofeifetk nt tito vlllnge of Wtnrplutle. (J^ho ^jffiioia of I Ibo marriage of two cüimmyy ?wre^^*'¿ha; pathway to tho. church door waa carpetjHfi*Aft Boöt-rlollii and hags j' OVIT which ut irjftOTNMg were plttcud sundry huud-hru'lie.», lerapenBHaf b.unchuktaLJtjjiy Mower»; A 'large -ftorMflW, parson's wJtrTfsic'd thia strangedirldal crrairrohy',"" andwIiliMJheVriir party ult Ijapplnili on .their return fr^lwalur." f. ',} ^''Tho'M^j^ff epitaph,*'? inj ihe.Arbrngt* tijiide, '(fiftyber/nímd'iu.lfi,» Convent QMfltfe vurd, AiÇruHtfi. ?..T*cMtAmmaticaJ purlty.^Hf 'tftic» ii only. eqpnUiH^l'jmhe veiy>)»qu¡YoCál->^H j^etion-ílráwn' bv-j^'po^t i-^ f\ ... yjjç Í. . C " Sors* havi*il¡ed yfuiiijr," VV, ' -ik , Or -*hii¿*i6tAoi4ihveAv. x.rr*l 