[OUR TOWn ISPECTO6R. A Town Inspector is like a ghost-often heard of, seldom seen ; but when seen, Yery unpleasant to behold. I am not speaking of the personal appeerarce of our present Town Inspector-his commanding aspect speaks for itself. I mean a Town Inspector in the abstract, and if the reader cin see the definiteness of this distinction, he has keen powers of perception. It I remember alight, the office of Town In spector is of very ancient origin, dating as far back as the second 3favoratv of Thomson the first-an epoch nearly forgotten now--suffice it fr the present that it preceded the Golden Age. From research it does not appear when a Town ln.pelctr first sbrnng into existence, or what use he bis been since. Iv some it is believed that a Town inspector is self-created, or, at least bhorn of an accidental concurrence of ceireumstances not explained. The Corporatton Act mentionsno such officer. The Police and Town's Act is cqually silent; but except. he be regarded as a snpplemeniary policeman Unnattacled," I don't know what he is. Perhabs the best definition cF a Town Inspector would be an "officer out of lirery, who receives from the Corporation a salary to make himself unpopulr." Atoll events, if that be not the olject, itis a condition that he fulfils to the uttermost letter. Our first Town Insrector (who bolted rith many other officers to the Diggingk) like the Editor of the Argue, bore an unconquerable antipathy to pigs; he made that department a parti cular study, and worked wonders among the swinish multitude. It was said of him that le alwrays lhal "a y is his eye." The second Town Inspector did but little, and that little indifferently. lie was succeeded br the present one, being the third of the dynasty of Town Inspectors, who bears the same animosity to a packing case, that his predecessor bore to a The town inspector, after sipping his coffee, pernsesthepaper, which like all other publio -'nctionaries, he regards with becoming awe and reverence. He reads that the Callipash, barque, has come in from Sydney, or the Callipee, brig, from Hobart Town. "Ver- gco !" says the town inspector-" I must be on the look out-if the captains he not fined by the Custom House officer for bringing passengers, and the consig nees escape the policemen at the wharf-without being mulcted for leaving their goods too long there; I'll be on the 'look out' to pounce on their paekages for abtraeting the path-way. If they escape the government, and the police,-it is my duty as a corporation officer to snap them up. If p?asengers were allowed to be brought here, as to other places; if facilities for the de barcation of goods were afforded, and ample time for a tradesman to remove and unpack them the consequence would be dreadful-impedi ments are necessary, or the public would get plethoric with plenty, and an occasional fine, or two, nts as beneficia!ly as phlebotomy. Some bodv mr' t be fined, orwhat is to become of a town inspector ." The town inspector sallies forth stick in bhand, ar.d promenades up end down the chief thorough fare., his Lest chance being with the busiest " tradesmen. lie notices the drays draw up from { the wharves, and deposit their packages opposite the eo-signees. The town inspector walks up, and demanlds to know who the pkehages belong to-and then orders their removal "nImpossible ! says the tradesman-- can't ro more them now, my shop is full of customers it's the bhnieAt time of the day." "Yen oa..tntake them in ihe back war!" "It can't be done, the bhack premises are fieoded, by the alteration in the levels by the Corporation Surveyor. The carters refuse to attempt it." " Well! you must not obstreet the thorougfare. A blind man mright tumble over those packing cases, or achild run a[ainst the corner of one of them. If the law be nraded with impunity, we shall hare-servants besting carpets at the front door-posts, men riding on horseback to go shop ping, bby.s flying kites on the pathway, and play ag peg-top at peoplo's toes." SWell ! all that may be true; but I can't re more those boxes from where they are, for the present,-I must unpack them irst." The T·rn Inspector find the pae'ring cases in the same positio2 in the evening, takes out asnmmons, The tradesman can't help himself and is fined. Now romes a serious eonsideration-a qIestion that will Ehlice Geelon to its foundl.tion-a por tentons question asked on Iihalf of the bur ghers of this town : What is the Town Inspector ! The town inspectorsbip, as a!resdy shown, is a hybrid office, grownig out of the Police Act, just as the mieslette grows from the sak or nlpphtrce -eneryboly wondering-, and nolody h;o:ving, hoe it gt there; indeed, to great is the nscer taity, ,even amons the Corporation, that one if its membels intend, to esuo:mit to the Cottncil. that the Town Lit ietior be "' l.elleCl," or wear a badgelike the"jlli young lat?erman," o:;ni bus ec-.eeitors aul ensime sLate hlme•; i ndl furl hl'r. f tht he wear a eche.! ,:atc Isn i ef stefakl collar, and carry a. ?eit v:ithi a gi Ilc-eapple at thi tip, aml be csalelled to astet.l ui n 1. i worlhi it,.: .a-e-r when 'itiis l n th, helsh-telt2 Chiai (Cirtalilen t,i e ,,,sie, tLe ''on fsepector oc r the i,, r, like i;o_ and M3,gog in Guilld. hail. Tfhs is a c,: ta-ummation mitt Idevot13 to be wi-hel; a-,l altholio h it wonil not clear ua the obscurity of a Town la"IectrsrC origin, i, wou!l plae'l him in a prerianent and becomin1 Iosit:os;, befitting a corLEortion of:cer. Thomas Ransom, sworn, deposed, that he was driver of a conveyance belonting to his brether in-law, Mir. Simmornd, between yilbo:orne and 'Mount Alexander. On the 15th .\\.ril last, wit ness was driving his comver:nce from Monet Alexander towards Melbourne, when he was met by the three prisoners, nearly three miles from the Mount, about three o'clock in the afternoon Witnrss had three passengers, and a little bor, in his cart at the time. The pri soners made some obenerration to witness who returned them an impndent answer, hbut lie could not recollect the substance of it. 'The men were severally armed with carhines, and ill-used deponent. Afrer ordering the passen gers out of the cart, the prisoner Ryan struck witness over one of his eves with the butt end of his carbine, and knocked him down between his horse's legs. Ryan and Lamb then knelt upon witness, while Sensy held the horses. The prissoners after this, made witness go round to the rear of his conveyance, and having hand cufed him, ordered him inside. Neoses then directed his two comrades to drive on to Fryers' Creek. Having proceeded about a quarter of a mile, the passengers requested that their money should be returned, but witness hesitated to give it to them. The prisoners, however, made him give up the money. After drising three miles on the road, in the direction of Fryers' Creek, the prisone:s stopped the homres. Ryan then strunk deponent on the ear with the butt of his carbine, while all the three pri soners exelaimed simultaneously; -" If von don't give tp "your money, we will blow your brains out." The prisoiers all the way along the road asked him to give them some money to release him, but he persisted that he had none. The prisoners would have it that witness had moner in his red handkerchief, from wheh he had refunded the passengers their respective fares. Lamb then took the hnandkerchief from witness' left hand coat pocket, which contained the money as specified in the infornation. Wit ness gave information of the robbery to the police at Mount Alexander about four o'clock in the same afternoon. The afs?ir took place about three. Henry George Heather, son of William " ea ther, of Little Bourke-street, and nine years of age, having satisfied the Court that he under stool the nature and responsibility of an oath, was next exumined by the Attorune-General, but his answere were very crude and dubions. William Kemp, a sergeant of police, depesed to having received information of the robbery from Lieutenant Barrs, of the mounted police fore, about fire o'clock in the evening of the 15th April, and on the following day he a'rested the prisoners Cross examined by 3Mr Thompson-Witness knew nothing against the prisoners. When he first saw the prosecutor Ransom, he was perfectly sober, and had a black eve. By IMr. Forbes-Witness had never had hand cult on; and could not say if it was possible for any man to carry them for an hour without foering them! (Laughter.) 3Mr. Pearson Thompson addressed the jury, as men of the world, and serionsness, would deede if it was at all protable that men in the execu tion of their duty as constables, would way-lay a man on the road, rob, and then leave him had cuffel 3r. Writon contended that his client's (Neasy's) eharacter stood very high in the de partaent of the police. A man might he robbed of his parse but not of his good character, orof his intellectual endowments. He wae, therefore, very proud to say that his client was a man of most excellent charncter. lie further main tained, that in equity, one witness should not be competent to convict a person. SMr. Wri-on called-S-r. Start, Superitendeut of Police, to certify to the character of the pri soner Neasy. He also called Chief Constable Bloomfield,who said that Neasy was a man in whom he always reposed the most implicit con Sfidence. He presented Ir. Start four unexcep tionable testimonials before receiving an appoint mnnt in thn mnnli tfern The Chief'Jnstiee, in proceeding to cihaage the jury, analysed the evider.ce, and laid down the law as applicable to eases like the one before the Court. The jury having deliberated for a short time, found a verdict of guilty against each of the pri soners, who were remanded for sentence. S LARCENTY. Thomas Darl was indicted with ha ing, on the 24th of 31Mrch, stolen one pair of trousers, one sovereign, four 41. notes, and one 11 note, from William Stone. The jury found a verdict of guilty, and pri soner was remanded for sentence. THE LATE FORGERT ON THE UEION BAE. James Sahnders stoodl indicted with having on the 30th of April, uttered a forged order for the payment of 1301. 7s 6d, with intent to defraud William Fletcher, Inspector of the Union Bank of Australia. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was de fended by JIr. rixon. The prisoner went to the Union Bank and presented for payment a echeque for 1301 Ta Gd, purporting to be drawn by Mr. Jordan, of the Rainbow; Joidan's name and the initials of the Bank's Ledger Clerk were forged on the doen ment which was paid, and soon after the frand was discovered. Thee circumstances were clearly " proved. Mr. Wrizon, for the defence, contended that the prisoner might have received the chalue in some ordinary transaction of business with another party lodgig in the same house with himself. lis Honor in charging the jury, ohserredthat the only method of arriving at a man's inten tion is toconsider the circumstances which cha raterised his condctL. It was not likelr that sceh a sun as ISO!. Ts. Gd. would be taken by any party withunt .his knowledge of the reason' why it was paid. The jury found the prisoner guilty. Remanded for sentence. Mr. Wrixon moved that judgment be respited. to ofntrd an opportunity of arguing a point of law with reference to the party wao would be defranded by the payment of the forged cheque. Hlls Honor intimated that he would naflrd Mr Wrixon an opportunity of arguing the question. ROBBERY IS A DWELLIStG IOUSE. John u Donald vas charged with stealing a 51\. note in the dwelling-house of James Wynne, on the 29thi ASpril. The partic.!ars of the case are briefly as fol inw:or John I3unrea lodged on the premises of a per son named Wynne, at Kilmore. On the evening of the 28th April, after 3Mnroe went to hod, the prisoner was brought into his room. Munroe had a small tin box in his trousers pocket con a tining the notes mentioned in the indictment. On the following morning the notes were misted and the prisoner was absent. The jury returned a verdict of guilty. Sentence deferred. 