PRO PH IÍT1C AND MYSTERIOUS HINTS FOR 1S52. f Hy our awn judicial and judlciuuí.Aitio Ivgtr.j I JANUARY.- Another new year Î Something I » ill probably happan li.'fure long. If lt dur» nut something risc «ill. Look round corners as much an possible . and don't go to tito end of the world, for fear of falling over the nine. Begin new uudrrt.ikitigt. tillich promise to bs profitable. A hud month for marrying a threw. KKBRUAHT.-(Jive no hlls in which Febi uary is includ.il, in. respect of its belnir so short. Xever pull your shut collar« sa high nt to run the risk nf the nether man's catching cold. A Imd month for hanging youl self-put it off. Est HS murd as you can. If any body oink* you a handsome prevent-take il, and fear not. One of your friends will cut himself shaving seilt not tn know which ; pry nut into tlie lu- créis of draliny. MARCH.-Nev.r lake hold of the poker by th* wrung end. Go forth into the streets and ga- llie/ a bushel of .V arch dust : it ia worth a king's ransom. Take it to the Goldsmith's Hall, and they will pay you for lt-(» king's ransom I» ¿30,009, Hinch will h- at once handed to you.) Spring commoners. Cut the .ftarl huttons off your shins and sow them in the tl iwcr-pot j. they will come up oy»t> is. . Avoid the vanities of dress, but du not go abroad without your pan la I onus. APRIL.-Lin in bcd all this month for fear of being made an April fool. Msny things ll a pp rn in Apiil. A Rood mundi to renelve a large legacy in, but don't reject a small one. Clouds will gnth-T in the social horizon. You will bava a quarrel with your wife, which will bs brought to an nmicahle conclusion by means of, a shawl. Avoid bonnet shops. A bsd month to bc bank- rupt lit. MAT*.-A merry month. Gather May i'ew (query : wini me you to do with it when you Kit it P) Uince round the maypole. On nu account dance round the north pol«, or tba . south. Gel your friends to do bills-it pro- motes generosity and liberality, which are vii - tues. Your hal will he blown off- if it bo windy *. enough, nnd you don't hold it un. Ile obliging j give any body who asks, flee permission to trun pins imo H ny budy elsi-iiiiiocviit amusement ouiiht to be encouraged. J CK H.-A bsd month for your liouso to bs burned down-unVss, indeed, it be insured fur double its VHIUP. nr your wife be in it. When you ride in the Park and the boya tell you to get inside the horse and draw down the blinds, don'i-it's liol seemly. M»ke money-ps»» your brid half-ciowns. Give your clean picked bunn 10 tlie poor-charity covers a multitude, of tins. If a comet appears, let it nlone ; and when it is tiird nf Hppr^ring it will disappear. If you sc« a ghost, tell it tu tiny thric ; and eenie fur us, and wp will uo and look at it. Jr LT.-Walk about in armour for fear of mad dogs. The plsnrtsry system this month will go on as usual ; dUtimt any budy who tilla you lo the contrary. He a philosopher, and have ss f. w wants aa possible - cut off your legs and then you won't irquire boots, which yon will find to be n tivine. When jon shep in church du not »nore; it ia disrespectful to the esta- blishment. If you gu <o the opetn Mini drop a double-barrelled lorgnette from th* filth tier, and 11 cracks a man's skull below, bring an action against his r-'i-resnitntive for the value of ilia glass. Mske tomseU comfortaUe. AUGUST.-Kvenls w ll luke place and, circum- stances will happen. Also things will came to pasa. Beware, therefore, and trust the »tail. You may have H cold in the bend, and yo J may not. Tace is Latin for a cundle, and things must be as they mny. Avoid, apoplexy. Rive no encouragrmrnt to rheumatism, and if. you are taken III willi typhus fever, don't stand it. Drink physic slowly, and take chloroform when you're lilting your hair cut ur setting for your daguerreotype. SPPTB-UBKB.-Go out a thuQtlng ; but shoot not the moon, unless you find it convenient. A pood month for dtinking beer j but avoid salta. R collect what the wise man aayeth | a bush in the hand is worth two In the bird. Be sage, atufiVd willi sage. The time* for travelling. If you let your mouitaches grow, you will Imme- diately benin tu speak french and German. Get a passport from the beadle of your parish, vised by the turncock. Avoid sea-sickness by never erasing ealing and drinking when at sea. If you see the devil, have nothing.lo say to him ; he is very far from respectable j cut him,' OCTOBER.-Th- harvest ls gathered, and tbs' barns are full. The bett month fnr brewing. Domenic simms and natural convulsions blear- ing as well HS'porter. Gel nil you can out, of your friends. M.ike love to .pretty women will, money. If you go' to California take care ybil, don't di<r up brats for Kohl. Take heed, the world will cume tu an end tome day ; pty .your, rrnt If you are obliged-not otherwise. Avoid breaking your l»i* I" ihr'»« piners.', five of your riba; putting vour collar bone' out and fractur- ing your skull. NuvKMoaa.-The month fur committing sui- cide i avoid lt, however, ' for yourself, " Give your friends presents nf rope ; if you give them, enough, the sage layeth, they will hang'them- selves.. Fogs ar* thick' ¡ but the wise man see's through tin-in. Ronda are muddy | but tho rich man ride th in n cab. In this, mouth your hair, will giow. Do not be alarmed. Buy the ftivifç Almnnnrk, DHCKMUEB;- Winter commences". Billa como" pour in ir in. Tiust yet tu the stars. Do th» In- come Tax-io saith the mural philosopher. All tlesh ls lirata- hut beef is not water-cress-s; Make morid reflections, and pay no bills. A bad month for paying hills. Give' no Christmas dinner; out go. to sonic i.ne's who does. ' Re- ceive präsente of turkeys, geese, pickled salmon, and cod, wl'h oyatrra fur sauce. Look out fur Saturn in the ascendant, in' the house of Mara ; and when you se* a comet with a green tall, send an express to the astronomer royal,-with'«lock of your hair. s, ? , : ,?> : Tn* First tingine OWoe^-It wa» little thought by ,lho«e who wondered at th* rapid movements nf tbs " Rocket," 'that on lt at driver sat ona whose nam*, nearly . quarter of à ce'ntury later, Would li» identified, with th* great triumph of the'year 1851, SV>n of a medica) practitioner, destinad for the tam* pruftltluo, marrying for* love,nt an «arly ag*, and Imme- diately finding that falliert have flinty hearts." Challes Fox, Hie future builder of (li* Cry Maj Palace, determined If he could not gain lilt liv- ing by lila-head, lb rani it with lilt hand ; anil greatly tu his honor is th« fact that lie ti Hided the eugine which Stephenson built, and aided.to win the prise willoh Stephenson rrcelv-d.-ei Franc/*'*- History of th* Kn pl is h /faifteay. 