ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. Gbntlbmen,-In your paper of this morning, you copy a paragraph from a Kilmarnock paper, notifying that after certain proceedings, instituted I believe at the instance of certain parties in this colony, the Presbytery of Irvine, in Scotland, had simply declared me no longer a Minister of the Established Church of Scotland, on the ground that I had separated from that Church. The facts of the case, which are of some interest to the colony generally, are as follows: - Exactly ten years e;;o this month, I publicly resigned my salary from the Government, as senior Minister of the Presbyterian Church in this colony, and renounced all further connexion with the Synod of Australians a branch of that Church receiving support from the State. I had no quarrel at the time with the Church of Scotland, and have never had since, but conceiving that the system of supporting all religions indiscriminately from the Public Treasury-a system utterly unknown and abominated by all parties in Scotland-was unscriptural, latitudinarian, and infidel in its character and tendency, I acted accordingly by publicly withdrawing from the communion of the State-paid clergy of this colony. In the month of October following certain trumpery proceedings were instituted against me for that unpardonable sin by certain of my quondam brethren in the Synod of Australia, for the double purpose of degrading me in the eye of the colony, and of seizing upon certain valuable ecclesiastical property which I had created through the sacrifice of my own. For although I had been instrumental in bringing out every Presbyterian Minister then in the colony, with but one or two exceptions, making immense personal sacrifices to accomplish the object, and paying the passage of some of them out Of my own pocket, which remains as an unpaid debt to me to this day, I experienced precisely the same return as the Redeemer of mankind did for the infinitely greater services he had bestowed on ungrateful humanity, when he asked Were there not ten cleansed, and where are the nine and when he complained that Am own familiar friend who had eaten his bread had lifted up his heel against him. It was not expected that I should attend the meetings of Synod on the occasion I refer to but I did, together with a goodly company of friends, to the great chagrin and annoyance of the unprincipled men who expected to have got their deed of darkness done in silence behind backs. And after two hours of persevering efforts on my part in the face of every artifice to refuse me justice and put me down, I wrung from them openly and publicly the acknowledgment that up to the 5th February, 1842, when I renounced all connexion with their body, I had done nothing, either as a minister of religion or as a man, to forfeit my standing in society or in the Church of God. Having obtained this reluctant acknowledg- ment, to the satisfaction of all my friends who were present, I took up my hat and left them to do what they pleased thereafter. The Synod then, at least the members then present, (with the exception of three, Dr. McGarvie, Mr. Atchison, of Wollongong, and Mr. Adam, of Windsor, who voted against the measure as unconstitutional and beyond the powers of the Synod, and Mr. Gilchrist, of Campbelltown, who did not vote,) pretended to depose me from the office of the ministry, upon the ground of my having left their communion for the reason I have stated, and of my having written some strictures on their previous procedure in the newspaper press of the colony. This insensate act naturally excited the astonishment and indignation of intelligent persons of all classes throughout the colony, including even men of the highest standing in other communions who had long been personally opposed to me. In short, it was like hanging a man for coughing too loud, or for saying black was not whiteman imaginary crime known to no law either human or divine and the disgraceful part of the affair consisted in this, that these men could not have done anything more time than they did in their ecclesiastical capacity if I had even been picked up drunk on the streets and put in the watch-house, or if I had been guilty of crimes of the deepest dye. Now, it appears that the men who were guilty of this act of folly and enormity in the year 1842, have been labouring ever since to get their act confirmed by the Church of Scotland. And what has been the result r Why, the General Assembly has forwarded the papers transmitted to them to the Presbytery of Irvine, by which I was licensed and ordained, and that Presbytery, passing over the trumpery charges of contumacy, slander- ing the brethren, c, on which I was pro- fessedly deposed by the Synod of Australia, as matters which they could not take up or adjudicate upon, and proceeding upon what they supposed to be the fact that I had, like Dr. Chalmers and the Free Churchmen, re- nounced all connection with the Church of Scotland, and separated from it, they simply declared me no longer a minister of that Church. But this proceeding is subject to what lawyers call a writ of error ; for it is not the fact that I did anything more than re- nounce connection with the Synod of Australia and whether that, in the circumstances I have stated, is tantamount to renunciation of connection with the Church of Scotland, is a question that is still open for discussion, and which it is very possible that I may insist on having opened when I go to Scotland. There is a remarkable case at present in point. Sir W. Dunbar, minister of St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Aberdeen, renounced his connection with the Scottish Episcopal Church, whose Puseyite proceedings he disapproved of, and was excommunicated or deposed by Bishop Skinner, as head of the Scottish Episcopal Church. Law proceedings were instituted in the case, the result of which was heavy damages against the Bishop, and a declaration that no act of his could affect Sir W.'s standing as a minister of the Church of England, which he was both before and since. A similar case has also occurred with a Mr. Drummond, in Edinburgh. Both of these excellent men found Scotch Episcopacy, which is nothing but a sort of bastard Popery, too strong for their digestion, and therefore refused, exactly as I did with the Synod or Australia, to have anything further to do with it. But their status, as Ministers of the Church of England, is not affected in the least by the rampant proceedings of the Scottish Epis- compare. It is very remarkable, however, how insignificant and apparently contemptible events or proceedings often lead to very important and unexpected results. As there was no Ecclesiastical Court in the colony to which I could appeal under the enormous injustice I had experienced from my quondam brethren, I was led to accept the invitation which was sent me, on the part of certain zealous Scotch friends at Port Phillip, in the year 1848 to become a candidate for the representation of that district, which I certainly never should have done but for the silly and enormous proceeding of the Synod of Australia in pretend- ing to depose me from the ministry. For I saw at once that this would show my friends and the public in Scotland what was really thought of me by intelligent and unprejudiced persons in the colony. The result is known in my election for Port Phillip. A further result of the same piece of ecclesiastical stupidity and malice was my election for Sydney in 1850, and my subsequent election in 1851. And as I value the position to which the unbiassed votes of my fellow-citizens thus raised me so lately, chiefly for the additional influence which it will give me in advocating the entire freedom and independence of Australia, there is no saying but not that coming event, which is already casting its shadow before it, may be traced in some measure at least by some future historian of this land to the in- fatuated proceedings of my quondam brethren of the Synod of Australia. At all events it is quite evident that that Synod has never had a day to prosper since it pretended to depose me from the ministry. When the famous disruption took place in Scotland, what did it do ? It never said a word about it for a whole year, and then it passed resolutions offering the right hand of fellowship to the State Church, and the left to the Free, that it might have all the credit of the one and all the profit of the other and it thereby, as Dr. D'Aubigne, the historian of the Reformation, who was present on the occasion of the reading of the resolutions in the General Assembly, observes, made itself the laughing-stock of the whole Scottish nation. Thirteen ministers of the Synod of Australia were declared no longer ministers of the Ch> rest of Scotland for these absurd resolutions, which would have done credit to the meridian of Tarban Creek ; but I suppose they have made their confession and recanted since. They attempted, in accordance with the usual policy of the world " to calumniate and ruin the man you have wronged," to persuade the people of Port Phillip that my election would be a great calamity to the colony that I would turn the Council into a bear- garden that I would be perpetually boring it with my own private affairs that I would be the Achorn in the State camp, as I had been in the Church and that I must be the Pope in everything. But was any one of these impudent and lying predictions' fulfilled ? Or have the people of this colony ever had a less selfish, an honester, or a more fearless advocate of their best interests than I have been - In a very few years at farthest, the State salaries will certainly be withdrawn from the clergy of all denominations in this and all the neighbouring colonies, and it is a very significant sign of the times in this respect, that the first petition presented to the Legislature of Van Diemen's Land was one from the Rev. Dr. Brown, the Episcopalian incumbent at Launceston, praying for the discontinuance or withdrawal of these salaries. He sees his Church overrun with a sort of bastard popery under a Puseyite bishop, and he looks to this with admirable discernment as the only sure remedy. Now when this coming event arrives, the Synod of Australia will give up the ghost and disappear from the face of the colony, almost immediately. It wants the stamina to survive such a catastrophe and when it actually occurs, the Presbyterians of the colony will probably insist that the disjointed members of their ecclesiastical body should coalesce. It would be folly to talk of coalition till then. By inserting the paragraph you have copied from the Kilmarnock Journal, you have given me a claim for the insertion of this letter, which I trust will be allowed. I am, Gentlemen, Yours, c, JOHN DUNMORE LANG. Sydney, February 10. 