I =============== ; A Prop for the rallen Fortunes of the Ein g. i MANLY AND SCIENTIFIC CONTEST BE ¡ TWEEN TOM SAYERS AND JACK GRANT, FOR ONE HUNDRED POUNDS ! ASIDE, AND TUE CHAMPIONSHIP OF ! TUE MIDDLE WEIGHTS. CFiom Hell's Li/e in London, July 4.J THIS gallant passage of aims, termed par ex celttnce, the " Model fight,*' not only on ac- count of the courage und science manifested hy the combatants but the admirable order and fair- ness preserved throughout, tuuk place on Tues- day, 21111) June, in n retired spot not far from the daisie regions of Cambridge. Grant is one nf the lads of the Borough of Southwark, and took a high position in the P.E.. ranks, having achieved victories over the best men of the day. S.yers halls from Somers Town, and I though looked upon as vastly inferior to his opponent, lind, nevertheless, fought severn! i battles in which he exhibited much promise ^Hi is taller and heavier than Grnnt.and three years younger, the former being 25 and the latter 28. Sayers paid every attention to hit training, and came out KS fine as a star ; whereas, Grant, who held his adversary far too cheaply, was some what remits In that material point for ensuring success, being burdened with a Int of superiluous flesh, which told upon him severely in the wear and tear of (ho lengthy contest. Sayers' pro- per fighting weight is 10 st. fl lbs. ; that of Grant »bout IO st. 2 lbs. The men entered the ring about ten minutes before one o'clock ; Say- ers esquired by Ned Adams and Bob Fuller, and Grant waited upon hy Harry Orme and Jemmy Wt l»li. THE FIGHT. Round 1.-On appearing Ht the scratch the condition and general appearance of Tom Siyers was the theme of general admiration ; there wai notan ounce of su pt1 ithmus llesh upon hf» body ; he appeared all wire and muscle ; his phiz wore »good-humoured smile of confidence, and there was a ruddy glow Upon his cheek which told of rude health and condition. His altitude was graceful and firm, and to a good judge it was apparent that if he was as good KB he looked, the Borun i: li Champion had his work cut out. Grant seemed to u< not quite up to the mark ; his arms, ii is true, were muscular and brawny, nnd his gond-tempertd mug looked healthy; I ut lhere were certain appearances of fat upon his chest and ribs which sufficiently indicated that his ex- ercise had not hf en so severp as it miulit have been, and we were informe;! that instead of . clubing about 10 st. 2 lbs , he turned the scale ut 10 st. 15 lbs. Not« ilhstnnding his lustiness, however, he appeared to look upon the result with confidence, anil to hold his adversary at a very cheap rate. His position indicated the old tac- tician, thc arms well up, and not too far from his body ; his eye fixed upon that of bis adversary, who stoud well over him, and »as considerably longer in the reach. After a little dodging Grnut, who was anxious to begin, led nfl with his left, slightly reaching Tom's forehead, mid jumped away from the return. Sayers followed him up. when Grant tried to repeat the dos,, on the fore heall, hut was prettily stepped. Sayers at length got homo with his right on the ribs, which was follow,d with heavy couuler- hits, Grant on the left cheek, mid Sayers heavily on Grant's nose. Ditto repeated, »hen Sayers gained first blood from neut over that organ. Grant then went in to force the fighting, hut Sayers stepped back, jobbing him again on the nose, cleverly stopping the return. Counter hits succeeded, Sayers catching a nasty one on the left side of his head, and lu getting back slipped down. 3.-Grant tried to lend o(T sevoral times, but was on each occasion well stopped ; lin returned the compliment hy twice stopping Sayers, and then lunged out lila right, catching Sayer» hea- vily under the left ear. Tom countered him with effect on the nozzle ¡ and a close following, both were down ; Sayers tinder. 3, -Grant again took the initiative, but Say- ers jumped away smiling 5 he came again di- rectly, however, and lid olf with his left, hut was stopped. Ile was more successful a second time, and reached Grant's damuged nose. Grant elated for tim fall, but Sayers would not strug- gle, commiting himself hy fibbing Granton the uo'e mid left car until both rolled over. 4, -Mutual good stepping, after which Sayers delivered his left heavily an Grant's rids, mid jumped away. Counter-bits with the left fol- lowed-Sayers on the nose. Grant on the ribs. A close, and some sharp fibbing. A break away, and at it again, Grant delivering his left heavily on Tom's left eye. Slight exchanges, Grant again gelling it on the noss, and Sayers slipped down. 5, -Both, on coming up, looked flushed. Snyern smiled, while Grant looked grim. Tho latter led off, hut was twlco stopped. They then got to work ; sharp counter-hits were exchanged, Bayera delivering heavily mt tho', left oheck, sud Grant on thu nose mid jaw. A close aiid struggle: foi the fall, ending lu Grant being throwu, but not hravlly. " G.-Sayers tried to lead off. but Grant was wary, and stopped him. He was nut tn be de- nied, however : he made another attempt, and again reached Grant's smeller, getting' well nway from the return. Ssyi-rs then repealed th« dose heavily with both hand», and followed this up by one or two punches in the rihj. At len gt ii Grant sunni? round his duncerous right, und caught Muster Tom a tremendous whack on thc 1»ft ear. which staggered him. Grant then closed, but Sayers declined to struggle fur th« fall, and fibbed away al his mau until he allowed him tn slip down. 7\. -Sayers showed the effects of Grant's visi- tation to his left ear, which was considerably swelled. Grant looked ffushrd from the taps on the nonie. The bitter led off, hut was quite out of distance,and Siyns followed his example, hy delivering too hi^li to be of any service. Ex- changes dien took plr.ce, each catching it on the right eye. S-i>ers delivery appear int; to be hea- viest. In getting away, Siyers slipped down. 8\. -Grant tonk the had, hut was again stop- ped, and caught nu ankwanl une on the left listener fur bia pains. He Uten surcceded in planting his lol'. »n Tom's forehead. (irani then bured lu, but Siyers stepped buck, adminis- tering au upper cut, which led to a rally, in which some sharp hitting took place, und Say- ers scrambled down. 9 -Both slightly blown. Tom stopped Grant's attempts to plant 00 him, and then delivered his left un the nose twice in succession. Grant again made his right sound against the left »ide of Tom's head, nm] then sont in a heavy one on the ribs. Siyers, nothing daunted, was at linn »gain, popped ¡ri I.is left on tho cheek and Ins right on Grant'i, left rar, nnd this bringing them to n stiuirgle. Sayers let himself down easy. 10\. - Grant tried to forc¡> iii« fighting hy boring in, but got it on his lefc eye ruber hea- vily. Sayers, however, had not tile strcnutli to stall him off. He again went in, caught Sayers on the left eye, and in a struggle which follow- ed, thc Utter again slipped down to avoid being thrown. 11\. -Giant lcd off. got well home on Sayers' left ear, and then closed, and bulli rolled over tugelhcr. 12\. -Sayers' left e:ir, nnd the left side of his head w*ri> much swollen ; still he smiled, and calmly awaited the attack, which was not lunn Ul coming. Grant dashed in, and commenced hitting away with both bauds, he diew blood from Toni's mouth by a heavy 8; /ink from his bft. Sayers delivered on the left cheek, and the round finished ny both fallin ir together at the ropes. 13-Grant malle bis ru-ht willi seveiiiv on the ribs, getting away from Sayers' return. Sayers followed him up, and some sharp hits were exchanged left and riuht, both catching it on the mise and cheek, and Grant at length got down. M. -Grant dashed in resolutely, but »MS. twice well wtnpp, d. Sïjrrs then delivered his left and right on the IHM,- and I, ft . ye. Grant not liking this, tn red in, asking his lU'hl on Tom's bft eb.-> k. cloeil. but Sayers ci'cliini; w, ll hold nf him, tliiew him a cross-bu'.tock ami fell on him, 15.-Both anxious to get to work, led off at the same time, and each napped it un th« left eye. Grant was then neatly stopped twice in succession, but ni length cloted, and some sharp in-fighting tonk place. Sayers calcium* it on the left eye, and Grant on the left eur. The round ended hy both going lo grass, [forly minutes had now elapsed, and those »ho had backed Grant to win in un hour began to look blue ] 111.-A capital round. After some excellent stopping and manoeuvring on bulli sides they got close together, and some sharp exchanges took place, each catching it on the nose and left cheek. A cluse ensued, followed by a break away, nnd both ut it again, left and right, until Grant got down, somewhat blown, his wunt of condition evidently beginning to tell. 17\. -Somewhat similar lo the last, each catching it seveiely on the sid« nf I tie head. The hitting appeared rather in favour of Grant, who drew mote claret from Tom's mouth. Both eventually down, 18\. - Grant dashed in nnd closed for a fall, but ! Sayers declined the struggle, fibbing him se- ven ly on the left ear several times, and Grant slipped down. Ile lay on his hack »here he fell, blowing liku a grumpus until lime wai called, when he wits cari ¡rd to his corner, from »hence he walked to the scratch. IB.-Sume gooil exchanges, Sayers on the ri^ht eye, and Giant on thr nose, removing the bark, and drawing a fresh supply of thc ruby. Quirk exchanges, bul both apparently hilling open-handed, were followed hy Tom gelling eluwu cleverly. 20\. -Grant, whose left car had been lanced, came up bl.edii g from that organ, which was much swelled from the blows in the 18th round ; he rushed in, but Sayers caught him heavily on tho thirrnged listener. Grant, still determined, persevered, caught Tom on the lefi side of the head twice in succession ; txrhanges followed in favour of G'ant, Hud ut last Tom got down. 21\. -Siyers' lett eye began to show symptoms of adopting tho nilly closing movement. He tried to lead off, hut was stopped by Jack, who made his left Hgnin on the closing peeper, and then closed. Sayers fiddled ti way at his lift ear until both were down. 22 and 23.-Both slow but steady, nnd thc round ended after a few exchanges III the men slipping down at the ropes. In the hitter round Grunt pursued Sayers, who ran mund the ring until ho got to his own corner, when he turned sharp round, caught Grant left and righi on the nose sud left eye, which led to the close and fall. 21\. - Grant came up bleeding from a cut over the left eye. Sayers attempted to take the lead, hut »as well stopped. Grant making his right heavily on his left ear, and Sayers fell through the ropes. 25.-Sayers was again neatly stopped, und In stepping back from Grant's return, caught his biol and fell. 20.-Mutual good stopping. Sayers evidently the most active ; he caught (irani again on his left ear, which »as terribly swollen, received a heavy thump un the ribs from Grant's right, and dropped on his south pole. 27\. -Grant dashed in with his left on the mouth, and then his light on tho side of Siyers' head. Exchanges-Grant drawing blood from Tom's Duse. Some good in-fighting in favour of Sayers, and Grant «ot dow n, 28\. - Good counter hits, both catching it hea- vily on the nose. B'Hb now »vin to work in eat nest; lite tn tl in sc on both cides was tremen- dous ¡ bul owing to tho excellence of Sayers' condition, he did not show ll much, while Grant »ho received principally on the left ear and nos«, looked considerably the worse for weir. Eventu- ally Sayers slipped down tu avuid Jack's friendly hug, nnd Grant, who fell over him, cleverly avoided touching bim with his spikes. 29 tu 32.-lu these rounds Grant lcd off, hut his want of condition prevented hit. being as quick ns he otherwise might liaVei been, conse- quently he was often stopped, and of rourse exhausted himself hy throwing: away lils blows. When, however, they gol at lt, he gave as good as he got, sud the rounds ended by Sayers »tip- ping down. In the 32d;, however, Grunt threw Sayers, and fell heavily on him, ' 33.'- Grant came up bleeding from the mouth and left ear |. ho tried'td lend off, .''but'! was stopped. Sayers pupped In his left and tight on the mouth nnd thront, getting' lt In return on the nose heavily, mot« of the hark being dis- placed, and In the end both w»re down. . 34.-Grant planted >Volh hands, but ilia steam was gone ; Sayers returned on the mouth and left eye. A rally, Grant delivering on the damaged chock-bone of his udvu'saiy, and ie ceiving another gentle tap un hi» smeller, which drew innre duli]. A close struggle fur the fall, ami holli down. Sayers under. 35.- One hour «nd a-1 ml I" had now rUpsed, and both appeared fatigued from their exertions. Girant slopped several well-intentioned deliveries, and returned on Tom's left eye and nose, draw- ing blond fi om both. Guod exchanges led tu a elute, when both »ere down. 3Ü-S tyers caine up weak, while Grant had slightly recovered. The latter led elf, was twice weil stopped, hut ultimately sent home Iiis right on Sayers' left check, and the latter slipped down, 37.-Sayers whose left check Bnd eyebrow wore much swollen ami discoloured, led off and ca il,; lit Grant un the left ogle aud note, but not heavily, and in retreating fell. 3d-Grant took the. lead, but was propped In the throat by Tom's right. Grant, however, found out the side of his hetti with effect, Ex- changes followed, both receiving on the nose, but Siyers, who was weakest got duwil on the saving suit. j 39. - Giant dashed in with his riijht on Tom's bft cheek, who closed, fibbed him heavily on his damaged cir, and then slipped down. ?10 to -li.- In these rounds but little mischief was done, both sparring for wind, and eventually Savers got down cleverly. .13.-Grant who seemed to have got second wind, led otf quickly, but Siyers jumped away, (îiaiit followed him up, caught him on the ribs heavily with his right, mid then on the nose with his left. Sayers returned on the throat, and some heavy deliveries on both sides took place, both standing nnd hilling away for some lime without an attempt nt stopping, and there nt>peared lo he no decided advantage on either «Ide ; ul l. nglh Sayers slipped chm ti exhausted. This WHS unexceptionably (be best round in the tight. The men appeared to think it was the turning point, and each wished to make tome decided impression un his game adversaiy. 41.-Both were all the worse for their exer- tions in the last round. Grant's left oar bore mai ks of having been agsiti visited, and wc be . lieve his seconds agaiu found it necessary to lance it. Sayers did not show such drcided mirks of Grunt's hiindiwoik, hut this was nviinly accounted for hy his excellent condi- tion. H'S left eye »tis, however, cloting, Hell his left cheek much swollen, Roth unwilling to begin, mi.I some slight blows having been ex- changed. Sayers slipped down. 45\. -Grant went in to mill, hut napped it on the le t tai anti nose with severity, Gond ex- changes followed, and Sayers again slipped down. 4(J. -Grant still first to fight, but WBS cleverly stopped hy Sayeis, who was getting more ac- tive They quickly gut to i ii - fl ic ht ¡ti tr. when, .itter it few exchanges, they rolled over, and Grant excitetl the admiration of nil hy the care- ful manner in which he avoided fulling nu his man with his feet or knees 47 and 43. -Grant look the lead ill both these rounds, hut was slopped ni each instance, and received deliveries I rout Sayers* right on his lett ear. Ile nevertheless succeeded in each round lu pUnting un Sayers' hit eur willi his dangerous ri^tit. bul the blows hld not that Vigour we have seen him exhibit on fur nt" r oc- casions. Holli were down m these loomis. 49.-Some rattling exchanges took placo in this round. Grunt getting ii on the throat and ribs, and Sayers on the chutt and mouth, und eventually shaping down. 60.-Sayers made play on tho ribs with his right, heavily, Grant returning on the nose with his Ult, Giant then stopped two attempts on the part of Sayers, made his left and right un the nose anti lett cheek, and Sayers slipped down. 51\. -Grant again popped in a spank ott Tom's nut, receiving in return on the smeller heavily, I and losing more claret. Good exchanges fol ! lowed, when Grunt rushed in and bured Iiis mau over the ropes. 52\. -Sayers attempted to make the running, hut was Hopped by Grant, who went in to null and planted bulb hands, one on th« nose and the other on the left side of tho head heavily. Another o t (lie nose succeeded, «inch opened the claret jug «ghin. Sayers only planted hit | left once on the nose, anti slipped down. This round was decidedly in favour of Grunt I 53\. -Sayers made his left on the ribs, nnd i tried lo plant the sam« hand on lint nose, hut I was well stoppet), lie received tine from Gram's I right on the aide of his head ; this brought on a j rally in which he caught it on tho eyebrow* dca- j vily, and slipped down. I A4.-Grant thinking the game was now his I own, again brushed itt, hut Sayers «a« with '. him, KHII in the exchanges w hich followed* he j viiited Grant's left ettr with great severity, j catching it slightly on the side of the head, and ; then getting down cunning. I 55.-Urunt again first, hut stopped ; he, how- j ever, mado good Ids rit/ht on the ribs directly I afterwards, anti then his left on tho right rye I of buyers, who sent home his right on the ii'ck, j and his left tm the left ear. Grant bond in ; again, received one on his left ear, which hhd ireely, anti Sayeis slipped duwn. 5'J.-A cluse, and Siyers got down. 57>-No mischief done. Som» slight ex- changes, and Sayers slipped down. 53.-Sayers caught Grant as he caine in on the nose ami throat, ami then nn the maxzartl heavily, drawing more of tie ruby, (irant then closed, struggled, and both foll heavily to the ground. Sayers uppermost. 59.-Grant, who seemed weak and exhausted, was twice stopped ; hut in a third attempt caught Sayers on the li f; eur with his right, mid tho latter slipped down. 00.-Grunt led of!, reached Sayers' left eye, received one un bis damaged listener, and flipped down. Ul.- Grunt appeared thtermiiied tn finish the matter off hand, rushed in left and right on I Sayers' cheek and noso. Sayeis put in both hnmls on the left eyo and nos», a rally, close, and short strop;gie, both again cursing to tho ground heavily, Grant under. (¡2.-Sayers tried to lend off, but Was short ; Grant contrived to rrnch his nose, hut the blow hail no swam in lt, nnd Sayers in getting back slipi»d down. 83\. - Bulli slow to the call of time, and bulli evidently exhausted. Grant was first up, hut he hulked much flushed ; his face was much swollen, hit nose anything hut Roman In itt appearance, nnd his left ear presenting a most pleasing spec- tacle (t) He rushed In, hut Slyer», whine good tempered mug still bore the ghost of a smile, hut neatly on the wrong ship of his mouth, stopped him cleverly and gut away ; Grant followed him up, got home with his right on the side of lila heat), receiving, in return, on the left oír. A close, and long struggle for the fall, which Grant gut, throwing his man, mid falling heavily un him. 01 and last.-Grunt came up looking very groggy. The fulls in (he last few rounds hud evidently shaken him. He appeared to he suffer- ing from cramp, but still wat determined. Ile led off, getting slightly home on Sayers* left cheek bono. Tom retaliated on the left ear, A few sharp exchanges were succeeded by another struggle for the (alt, and ulttmatoty both came very heavily lo tho ground, Giant being under- most, Tom falling across his stomach. Both wore Immediately picked up and carried lo their corners, and on time being called, Jemmy Welsh on the part or Giant, threw up tho spönne in token of defeat. On our enquiring ns to the cause nf this rather unexpected termination of the affilr, wo were inhumed that Grnnt was suffering severely from cramp, Bnd had moreover Injured some part of lilt intestines In such a nmu ner that it wat feared he was ruptured, and ho ' wat in such pain that be could not stand upright. Sayers went up tn his fallen hut not disgraced ad- versary and shook him kindly by the hand, and WAS proclaimed the victor amidst the shouts of his friends. Grant was conveyed ou a railway truck to a small public house in the uetglibtvir hnotl, where every attention was shown to him, hut he continued in great pain' for some tim* afterwards. We believe that we may state that he is not Actually ruptured, hut that he hat ie- j celved a severe internal strain which may cause him considerable uneasiness for some time to come, lie informs ut that he met with an acci dent some time ago at Manchester, which hat al »as rendered him weak in the muscles of the I stomach, and he considoit that being not fully I up to the mark, he was nn Tuesday mode than usually susceptible of injury. The fight lasted exactly two houri nnd a-Ital/. REMARKS. j Thc editor of " tietl'r Lift itt London," in his concluding observations upon th« principals in this " model mill," states, that Sayers therein established for himself a reputation as a man of science, courage, sud endurance ; well acquainted with tho theory of his art, mid only wanting op- portunity to put it in practice. Grant, though conquered, had not disgraced himself ; but his condition was anything hut what it ought to hate been ; for this, however, he hid only himself to I blame, ns he turned a deaf car to the judicious j advice af his trainer, and persisted in consliler i ing his opponent a " mulT." For this, like many 1 other over-confident people, he has paid a bittet 1 penalty. 