LATEST NEWS- Awful Colliery Accident. — Eighty Lives Lost.— A terrific coal-pit accident oc curred on the 10th of May, in the Aherdare Valley, Glamorganshire, South Wales, by which l , ver l"an 80 lives have been sacrificed. This valley is completely studded with coal pits, and the colliery in which this dreadful accident occurred is known ns the Duffryn Pill, Cwm Bach, near Aherdare. ' It is the property of Mr. Thomas Powell, of the Gaer, ono of the largest coal owners in the United Kingdom. Tne cause was the same by which so many lives have been sacrificed in the Welsh col lieries, namely, fire damp It seems that at the time the accident occurred thero were 160 men at work in the pit, and everything proceeded iu its accustomed order and regularity, when suddenly a tremendous explosion was heard by those surrounding tho mouth of the pit, and the utmost consternation and alarm was at once excited. The dreadful news spread through out the neighbourhood with the utmost celerity, and the works were speedily surrounded by several hundred people, consisting of the imme diate relatives and friends of tlio miners who were at work at the time in the pit. Inquiries were at once instituted, and after the lapse of some time a communication was effected with the survivors, when it appeared that a tremen dous explosion of fire-damp had taken place, hut which fortunately did not extend to the whole of the works in the mine, otherwise all tho 160 men in the pit must have lost their lives. Al though the sacrifice of life in this melancholy instance has been enormous, it was at first feared that 155 had perished, as after a lengthened period only five men were extracted from the pit. After some time, however, more men were drawn out, and it was finally ascertained that (lie deaths amounted in number to 80- Neither the amount of damage done to the works nor the precise cause of the accident has as yet been ascertained, but the result is attri buted to carelessness on the part of some one or other of the men, as they were all properly supplied with Davy lamps. It is well-known that in these Welsh collieries tho men are often extremely foolhardy, long habit has ren dered them perfectly regardless of risk, and they frequently open their lamps either for, the, sake of lighting their pipes or other purposes. This is supposed to have been the case in this instauce, and of course the flame, coming in contact with the stream of fire-damp, would in stantly cause the explosion. Tho scene in tho neighbourhood may be more easily conceived than described. — Times, May 12. By the American papers we are told tliat tho celebrated. Mrs. Bloomer was recently killed in Bridge-street, Bostou, by her husband, who is , supposed to be insane. . Mr. Hume, Mr. Booker, and Sir Joshua Walrnsley, have been exerting themselves ia endeavouring to prevail upon the Government to grant a remission of the sentence of Frost the Chartist. These gentlemen had an inter.' view with the Secretary of State for the Home Department 011 Saturday for that purpose. Colonel Rawlinson has opened out the en tire place of sepulture of the Kings and. Queens of Assyria. There they lie, it is said, " in huge stone sarcophagi," with ponderous lids decorated with the royal ornameuls and costume, just as they were deposited, more than 3000 years ago." Mr. Feargus O'Connor has gone to New York. The "Dumfries Courier" describes the burning of Lochar Moss in various parts. The peat haviug formed chains of fire across the moss. The appearance was strange and wild in the extreme. It is generally supposed that the fire was caused by cinders from the furna ces of the locomotives. Since 1830 twenty millions sterling have been added to the debt of the East India Com pany. The Parliamentary Committee will de termine whether the charter is to be renewed, or a new system of government adopted. The papers indignantly denounce the autho rities at Plymouth for receiving Rosas, the merciless but defeated despot of Buenos Ayres, with marks of honor. The " European Times' says — " Every Englishman must have felt his check burn with shame when lie read an account the other day of the honours heaped by the autho rities at Pymouth on the ex Buenos Ayrean dictator, llosas, when he reached our shores,— one of the most sanguinary ruffians that ever < disgraced humanity, who waded through blood to the head of the Argentine confederation, and preserved his power up to the time of his ex pulsion by a series of atrocities which rival those of Nero and Caligula. The figure which the Ministry cut in the Hou3e of Peers when questioned about this business on Thursday was most pitiable. Like the usurper in the play, when confronted with the ghost of his mur dered victim, " Thou canst not say I did it!" was the exclamation of each of them. But the deed was done, the honours were given by command from Downing-slrect, to this base, bad man, who for twenty years past has been the scourge of tho Plate and the scandal of ; human nature. The honours paid to Rosas S aro very significant, and will not speedily bo j forgotten." Tho second and final conference for tho regulation of the succession of tho Danish throne, was held at the Foreign-office on Saturday, when a treaty, in which the young Duko of Glucksherg was formally recognised ns heir presumptive to the Crown of Denmark and its dependencies, was signed by tho representatives of the great European Powers who signed the protocol of August the 2nd, 1850, on the same subject, as well as tho Prus sian Minister, who was not present at the signature of that protocol. The New Yor/t Sun says the telegraph between Newhaven and Waterbury, Con necticut, has been put to a somewhat novel Also. Conversation botween friends (one iu cnch place) is carried on for any required leugth of time, tho opcrat irs acting alternately as spokesmen and interpreters. This they are enabled to do without having the message written, by listening attentively to the click ing of tho machine. The charge for this service is vory moderate — only 10 cents for five minutes, and one cent pea minute over that. A very strango mooting was held lately at tho Shakspearo Hotel, in New York, having for its object " to deviso measures and means to secure tho electiou of Charles Gavan Duffy, editor of the Dublin Nation, as a Member of tlio British Parliament, from New Ross, Ire land, for which offico ho is now a candidato." This is certainly a novel, and rathor an amusing specimen of international intervention. Mujor-General James Ferguson, _C. B., is appointed to tho command of the troops in Malta, in succession to Lieutonant-Geuoral Ellice. Tlio ship Gaselle, from Zanzibar, on tho coast of Morocco, arrived in the London Docks, having on hoard two splendid Arabian horses, a grey and a bay, as a present to her Majesty, from tho Emperor of Morocco. Tho royal grooms were in attendance at tho docks, and superintended the removal of the Arabs to the Royal inews. Dr. Iiume, of Liverpool, mentioned at the recent meeting of tho Historic Society of Lan casliiro and Cheshire, as a curious foct, thau a gentleman in Liverpool was now wearing tho watch worn by King Charles II. in 1645. Tho North British Mail states that Mr. W. II. Murray, tho well-known Scotch theatrical manager, died last week suddenly in St. An drew's. He was walking in one of the streets, when ho dropped down, and almost instantly expired. A few days ago, as somo workmen were making repairs in the parish church, Clowlo, they found in the organ a nest of young red breasts nearly fledged. This circumstance may he considered somewhat singular, when it is known that the organ is used every Sunday for divine service. , Tlio late Lord Panmure left sums for va rious charitable institutions amouuting to £4700. A letter from Stromness, dated April 28, states that the Arctic expedition, under Cap tain Sir E. Belcher, arrived there on tho 23rd, all well. The expedition left Stromnoss on the 28th. 