THE EMPIRE, TUK8DAV, MARCH lfi, 18J52. THE MORETON BAY SETTLERS AND THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION. IN another column will bo found n report of tho proceedings of our fellow- colonists in tho Northern District, with reforonce to tlio vexed question of nn adequate Bupply of labour-to tlio red reas of a grievnnco oft-times urged, and hitherto practically disregarded. Tlio petition to tho. Sove- reign, praying, thatprovision bo made, for tho regular transmission tliitlior of tho omigrnnts to whom they may thereafter become untitled," (under thc provisions of tho.Imperial Act), is undoubtedly a step in tho right direction on tho port of, tlio petitioners j nn onorgctio npponl to Impo rial justice, which, if there is any souse of j UR tico in the tribunal nppcalod to-any dosiro on tho part of tho British Govern- ment to koop faith with tho colonists, and fulfil tho guarantee given by an Act of tho Imperial Parliament, cannot fail to bo fully and satisfactorily responded to. Sonio of tho facts stated in this peti- tion nra' strikingly illustrative of tho policy of tho Mother-country with regard to tho government of hor distant depen- dencies. From tho 1st July, 1850, to tho 30th September, 1851, tho oggvogato revenue derivad from tho Crown Lands in the Moreton Bay District, amounted to no tessa sum than .£20,085 7s. Od. Under the provisious of the two Imperial Acts for ' tho administration of tho rovenuo arising from Crown Lands, one-half of such reve- nue, is. directed to bo strictly applied towards defraying tho expenso of tho j removal,'from tho United Kingdom to tho colony, of emigrants not possessing the moans of defmying tho expense of their own emigration tliitlior. It will, wo think, hardly bo credited, that for this largo Amount raised hy taxation, »nd involuntary taxation too, those ? tax-fayors have posí» tlvoly reoeivpil no return whatever 5 and who« it is borne in mind that, tlioy Imvo been driven io their emergonoy to the wretched expedient of importing labourers of the most degraded class, to tho last degree unprofitable, both with respect to tho fruits of their industry sud tho social character of the community at large, it is no exaggeration to estimate their loss by Imperial misgovernment (if the pecuniary loss can be estimatod) at treble the amount stated in their petition. Another significant fact is stated in the petition. When tho opinion of tho colo- nists with regard to the reception of exiles had been too intelligibly expressed for tho British Government to misinterpret it, and a temporising course had been deter- mined upon, tho first rosult of the new policy was a compact, by virtue bf which, if the colonists would receive a given number of exiles, they should bo entitled, free of any charge to their Immigration Fund, of an equal number of free immi- grants. . Tho exiles were duly despatched by tho ships Mountstnart Elphinstone and Bangalore, and upon the Moreton Bay -settlers, as presumed to bo tho most com- plaisant of the whole territory, this inun- dation of British crime was thus wantonly turned. 'A corresponding number of free immigrants waa duly despatched to the District, but when tho account' comes to bo investigated, it transpires that the Imperial Government has, in complete j violation of tho solemn pledge, actually debited the colony with the expense of these immigrants! Tho Moreton Bay settlers havo to bear their share of the expense of the benefit, and tho entire incubus of the burdon ; and they will, without doubt, duly appreciate the bless- ings of that irresponsible government of which they aro constituted the chosen subjects. From tho Imperium in imperio-the local executive:-they cnn, it appears, ol> tain no. redress. Tho Colonial Secretary can only assure thom that ''tho Govern- ment has no power to alter the destination of any immigrant vessel laid on and char- tered for Sydney, or to compel the immi- grants who may wish to bo landed at Sydnoy to proceed to Moreton Bay." There needs no ghost, my lord, como from tho grave . To tell us this. It. did not, However, perhaps, occur to you that it wns your duty to have pointed ont to your Imperial taskmaster that he had committed a gross breach of faith towards a largo and respectable portion of the colonists of New South Walc3, and that reparation was an act due alike to them and to the stern and inflexible character of British justice. A vague and morely contingent assurance is no answer to the plea ; an absolute and immediate remedy was such as the urgency of the case impe- ratively demanded. We wish tho Moreton Bay petitioners all tho, success which they desorvc for their present determination to bo trifled with no longer, to turn a deaf ear to ministerial blandishments, and to ' put i their own shoulder to tho wheel. They ,mnst not, however, rely upon their petition only, clearly ns their; grievances are set . forth, and forcibly as they arc urged. The channel to the Royal car, has. too many 'obstructions for their prayer to full iipon it effectively, and with its accents of earnestness unbroken. A simultaneous, remonstrance addrossod to tho Imperial Parliament, and aided by tho co- operation .of trusty champions of colonial grievances .in that assembly, will do much towards !tho redress of this most crying one. In 'union, will they find their real strength, and in their vigour of action, their surest hope of success. 