CHURCH OP SS. PETER AND PAUL'S, ROSA MOND STREET. CLARKEN WELL—THE , ARCHBISHOP OF TUAM. ? ( From the Catholic Standard. ) The 5th of October was, and most certainly will long be, one of the most glorious days in the history of the above church. It seemed that the Glorious Queen of Heaven wished, on that day consecrated to her honour, to reward, by one of the most consol ing solemnities, the piety and zeal of a congregation which, although very poor, knew by dint of sacrifice . how to draw that church from the hands o\ heresy ''' and to dedicate it to the memory of the two great Prineei of the Church, St. Peter and St. Paul. On Sunday last, beiug the Feast of the Holy Ro-ary, the Prelate whose name reoals to the whole body of Catholicity one of the most illustrious pillars of the Irish Church as well as one of the most intrepid defenders of the Catholic religion— the Most Rev. Dr, M«Hal-\ Archbishop- of Tuam- [spite of the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill, the masterpiece of a Minister who tolerates only those.who plan nothing less than the destruction of sociely— a Minister who Whilst hia hypocrisy abuses the King of. Naples for refusing his favours to persons whose crimes deserve the severest punishment condemns millions of Irish people to either starvation or exile]'— it was on Sunday las-, we say, that his Grace the Most Rev. Archbishop of T'uam went'into the midst of a congre gation almost entirely composed of the cliildfen of the moat suilering but at the same tirre; the most courageous country in Europe- Erin. How consol :„„ .. .„„-,? fn-- ihomtn hehold that venerated Prelate —-who through his devotedhess and apostolic labours has acquired me title of »? Father of his People'— celebrating the Most Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. Those unfortunate exiles from their country will never cease lo return thanks to the Lord for that day of joy and happiness*. Though -t had not been publicly announced that the Most Rev. Archbishop would say Mass there, the number of those who received the Communion from hia hands was suoh that the holy Prelate couid not help expressing the joy his heart had felt, yet the number of communicants was but small in com parison wiih that of those who had the same happi ness from the hand of their Pastor, the Rev. J. Kyne, whose apostolic labours have made that congregation one (f the most flourishing in the metropolis. The devotion to the Holy Rosary is practised every day in that church; but that day being conse crated to its Festivity, the -High Mass was sung with alj the solemnity and po»i[- of our Catholic cere monies. The choir, composed of voluntary dilettanti, uniting talent to their piety, raised to Heaven, by their harmony, those souls alr'eady filled with happi ness ;. but that wh ch particularly ehued the congre gation was the magnificent discourse pronounced by ihe illustrious Fielaie upon the advantages and mighty power of that devotion inspired by Heaven to the great Saint Dominic as the most powerful arm against the immoral sect of the Albigenses — a devotion which God himself, on more than one oc cision, has sealed with the most striking and most authentic miracles, such as the destruction of the Turkish fl et in the famous- battle of Lepanto, and also the total destruction in. the fields of Hungary of the army of the same nation which threatened to rtduce to slavery the whole of Europe. Nothing wa& more eaay to perceive tban the inference of that ? discourse. That same omnipotent God, who granted tn' iIip Tliurch sueh glorious victories over her fresh enemies through the -intercession of the Mother of His Beloved Son, will not nowadays refuse a similar victory over her fresh enemies, provided her children us the same arms with perseverance and piety. Another ciicumstaace which gave great eclat to that festivity, which -may be called a family festival, was the presence among the congregation of the High Sheriff (.Swift - wh». by his virtues and merits, knew how to conciliate the esteem of all the civic liberals, who, although they knew him as being a most zealous Catholic, elected him as one of their High Sheriffs— an incident which must fill every Catholic heart with joy,for that election is one more triumph for our holy religion; and we must feel more so,.. when we consider that it took place at a very moment when all the sectarian furor, which a perfidious Minister had excited, seemed to menace us with a total destraceion of our rights and privileges. The Sheriff came in his most magnficent state car riage, accompanied by his virtuous wife, his daughter (a most interesting young person), and his chaplain (the Rev. T. O1 Conner). It is easy to understand I the joy of the people who crowded the chapel at the presence of a Catholic occupying so elevated a position ? of one so much devoted to the Church — in a word, at the presence of one of their fellow coun rymen, for the father of our worthy Sheriff was Irish. Their joy was such that when the Sheriff deaired to take His Grace to the house of the Rev. Pastor3 of the church, in his carriage, the crowd accompanied them amidst the most enthusiastic accla mation?. The follow ing is an outline of the eloquent discourse delivered by the Archbishop of Tuam, and to which we have already alluded : — The Gospel according to St. Luke, the llth chapter: 'While Jesus was | speaking to the multitude, a certain woman, raising her voice from the crowd, said unto him, ' Blessed blessed is the womb that bore thee, and blessed are ihe breasts that gave thee milk ;' But He said, \- Blessed are thej who hear the word of bod and who keep it.' ' The few words that Ipropose to address to you are suggested by the gospel which you have now heard— x gospel which is read not only from this alter, but from every alter in the world, from the rising to the setting of the sun, wherever that sacrifice is offered to Almighty God of which the pro p et foretold that from the rising to the setting of the sun a pure'oblation should be offered to Him. Though j the preaching of the word of God is a necessary accompaniment of the Christian religion wherever it ia preached, it is still only secondary to the gre*t|office of the priesthood which is the first characteristic duty imposed on those who are dedicated in a peculiar manner to the service of God. The offering of that sacrifice is one of the most — I may say that it is the essential office of the priesthood ; and the attending at the holy sacrifice of the Mass, even where the priest is unable, from infi'tnitiea or from a variety of ,..l: ? .„ ..._n_K »Via Wrir/I nl dm], ia a far more (lUlieS, MJ prencu iue ni»« «*? %»w-, ...... — — ~- - ? paramount duty, and is more pleasing to the Al mighty. On this day I have conflmd myself to the gospel. I cannot be wiser than the Cathclic Church and as it ha« appropriated the gospel which you have just heard to this Sunday, I beg to offer the few reflections that are suggested upon iherecurence if this great anniversary of the Rosary. It is un necessary, I am sure, to detain your attention with any explanation of that form of prayer, now spread all over the Catholic Church. Suffice it to say that though in its form it does not reach back to the first centuries of the Catholic Cnuroh, it does ao perfectly in the elements of which it is composed. This form of prayer called ' the Rosary" owes its origin to the celebrated St. Dominick, the founder of the Dominican order, who- when Europe was over-run with infidelity and vice, generally co-relative, for wherever infidelity leaves its track there you are sure to find profligacy of manner to follow in its train— at that time a sect arose in Europe calling themselves the Albigenses, renewing ancient errors— for,' after' certain revolu tions of ages, the infirmity of the human mind is such, however prone to singularity and error, that it cannot find any new resting-place, and all its efforts are generally confined to renewing in some other fantastic form the errors by which mankind were often seduced before. At that time, a sect profligate in their private manners, and enemies to the throne, whose errors were such as following the advice of St Paul. I should not wish to name, being as offen sive to Christian ears to hear as to Christian tongue to utter— those unfortunate fanatics spread themselves all over Europe; they not only threatened the destruc tion of all religion ; but they threatened also the sub version of the Throne ; and it was found necessary for the princes and hierarchies of Europe to set their face against a flood of error which threatened the destruction of social order, and the entire destruction of morality. The Almighty at that time, in His inscrutable ways, raised up that holy man St. Domi nick, trained by the long dicipline of prayer and of mortification. He had gained a complete victory over himself and like a diciplined and resolute soldier who goes throngh a long course of discipline, and rises by a succession of offices from the lowest state in the army to the highest, and: who well can com mand because he has learned the duty of obeying, St. Dominick, thus trained to the office of a preacher received his Mission from the Pontiff from whom every person must receive his mission ; whose mis sion will be clothed with fruit, because he is the vine he is the stem, we are the branches ; and as the branch must wither when once cut off from »he stem which gives it nourishment and life, thus must it be with every creature if he wishes to bear fruit; he must be always united to that stem, from which if once severed, the branch must wither and decay. Receiving his mission from the Pontiff at the time, he went through the south of France. Wherever he went, words of benediction flowed from his lips, and a reformation of morals was the conse quence. But what were the arms adopted by ^that humble man ?— the very Rosary which we celebrate this dav, and of which the festival was, established some centuries afterwards. Ihe sectaries or heretics of that time inveighed with peculiar bitterness against the Blessed Virgin, and this has. been one feature common to all the errors that ever disfigured the Church. However peculiar in other respects, there hss been one feature common to all, dis tinguishing well the parent from which they sprang ; arid that error has existed from the time of Nesto- j rius, who first raised his impious voice against the j Blessed Virgin, refusing to call her the Mother of God. That error, though disguised under a variety of forms, has been a characteristic of every heresy that has lifted its head against the Catholic Church How the Almighty avenged that infidelity in His Mother, we learn by what occurred at the first Council- of Ephesus, where the dignity of the Mother of God was awarded to the Queen of Heaven. While the Fathers of Ephesus were assembled, determining in what form they should promulgate, to the world that great dogma of the maternity of the Blessed Virgin, such was the piety of the people of Ephesus that they assembled, and spontaneously cried out, 'The Mother of God.' Nestorius, the author of that error, retired — self-pride had found mastery in his unsound intellect, and unwilling to yield to the collective wisdom of the Catholic Church assembled at Ephesus, he retired, and the Almighty avenged that infidelity by occasioning his tongue to bu eaten out with worms (great sensation). I From that time— and 1 may say from the com mencement of Christianity — a peculiar devotion to the Blessed Virgin has maiked all those persons who were distinguished for their zeal in the assertion- of truth, or in the discomfiture of error. And St. I Dominick, knowing well what reverence was due to her who was pronounced by the angel sent by God himself as ' Blessed.' instituted a form of prayer, consisting of fifteen decades, representing the fifteen mysteries of the i-hristian religion— five joyous ' ones, five sorrowful ones, and five triumphant ones-which I am sure it is unnecesssary to mention to you, because not only to Cattiolics, but to every Protestant who reads the Bible, those mysteries should be familiar, The form of prayer then may consist of fifteen decades ; or it may for coHVenience be divided into five decades each day, so as to 'spread over three days ; for the Catholic. Church, unlike the Pharisees of old, who imposed very heavy burdens upon others, but were very uh willintr to bear any share themselves— who very freely preached the law, but left ihe burden of its fulfilment to others— the Catholic Church takes into consideration the different avocations in which men are engaged. She knows well that some are em ployed in mercantile or commercial pursuits, or in the learned professions, which may foroid them to 1 be continually praying, and she teaches that they should pray by consecrating all their actions to the honour and glory of God j as tot. Paul tells us, ' Whether you eat, whether you drink, or whatso ever else you do, do all to the honour and glory of God.' There are some holy persons who, perhaps, feeling that salvation can hardly be procured in ihe world, fly to the desert, as they did of old, and founded monasteries — monastetiea luat nave ueen often the object of ridicule and obloquy to those who j know not the heavenly life there led. The persons engaged in those monasteries may well use this form of prayer, . and instead of those persons being the object of ridicule, often perhaps would the inhabitants of large, and wealthy, and populous cities find, if they could lift the veil that hides from them the mysterious counsels of the Almighty, that when the thunder of Heaven was about to be pointed against the iniquities of some sinful city like tioilom and Gomorrah, the holy inmates of those monasteries were the five pious persons who, if they had been found in Sodom and Gomorrah, would have averted the vengeance of the Almighty God, and have pro cured the temporal salvation of others. By those; then, this form of prayer may_ be reeled at full length ; by other only in its abr.dged form ; and by all through the tedious form of prayer. 1 his was the armour with which St. Dominick clothed him self when he went to combat the enemy. No doubt many a person, relying on flesh and blood would say that that was a singular sort of panoply with which ; that champion of the Church went forth to coniba^ ?? the Goliath thBt was to overturn if. But let luitj) recblleot that it was not by corresponding arms ami helmet that the Goliath of the ancient law was over come by David. David took in his hand ailing, and a peubie from the brook, a&d; w iih ihat armour, which called forth the smile of Saul, the Monarch at. ? I the time, he discomfited the enemy. So with the I armour of prayer, which might be covered with the R ridicule of some scientific' men who knew not the I waya of God— with that simple armour of prayer St. p Dominick gained a complete victory over his'. V enp.mips. From that time this form of prayer has. I been in great use all over the Catholic Church.; bnt its efficacy was in a signal manner illustrated at the close of the sixteenth century. When the enemies of the Cross sought, to upset Christianity in Europe, and so to destroy ev«ry. remn»nt of civilisation, which it is admitted was the offspring of the Catho lic Church, and for this purpose had combined their scattered forces into one formidable fleet in the Mediterranean, then the princes, and the Pope- and the chief men of Europe ronnd it necessary to com bine their forces also. They met tn the Meditei ranean, and the famous battle of Lepanto ensued. Upon that occasion tne lormiuame neet or i^e enemy was dispersed, and the arms of the Christians . were crowned with success. That battle attests fur ever the efficacy of that form of prayer which this day is recommended to your adoption and devo tion. But, it may be said, '? Is it not a gratuitous assertion to that form of prayer that signal victory is. to be ascribed ?' No— never has there been a fact in history that is better attested. The Pope had ordered that form of prayer to be recited in all the churches during the battle He happened to be in one of the churches of Rome, peculiarly dedi cated to the Blessed Virgin, called the Cunrch of Minerva; and then, long before the celerity of steam navigation was discovered, betcre railroad* were known, or before the electric telegraph, which, with the quickness of thought, transports intelligence from one region to another— long before those dis coveries to which that supernatural knowledge might by sume moderns be ascribed— the holy Pon tili, rapt in prayer, told one of the cardinals who was in attendance that that was not a time for earthly affairs, but that they should all give thanks to the Almighty, who had, in the language of the Scrip tures in Judith, %- dispersed the enemy.' Well had the divine mother then disuersed the enemy by ike1.. light of her countenance, even as the great army of Holofernes waa dispersed by the fortitude of Judith,, who iaiu aside the weeds of her widowhood, and clad herself in the robes of her virginity, and went forth and slew him. who had threatened to have a plough share drawn through the streets of Jerusalem. Thus it was with that mighty army of the east as :t had before been with, tbe hosts, of the Turk who had threatened to turn St. Peter's into' a stable, and to. feed his horses there. No sooner did they life arn.s against the living God than they were dispersed like chaff. And as that day on which that famous ser I „.,„♦„/ f-l.,,1 Itwtitli rln) thar. (\fp(]. was aftf-rwar(!.4 rendered a holy day of festival among the Jews, so. from that day. to this, that 'Sunday, first called ' the Sunday of the Mother of Victories,' but afterwards 'Trinity Sunday' has been consecrated-and held &a; a sacred festival in the CathoLc Church. 1 must ueg your very kind, indulgence, for,, from the circum stances which jou have heard from your revered and respected pastor, my not intending, to address you, ' I have not had time to condense my thoughts, nor have I. had leissure to be brief. You will, therefore, kindly excuse me ; and if there are any humble per sons here from that country to which I belong who have been scattered all over this country, and all over the world, in fulfilment of the wise councils of the Almighty, I trust that they will not be un-, mindful of their holy mission ; I trust that they will, under whatever temporal calamities they may be, if they come into this society, endeavour to leaven it with Christian doctrine, and make Christian practices correspond with their belief. It is not enough to hear the Word of God alone. 'Blessed are they that hear the Word of God, and keep it.' Oh, there are numbers who hear the Word of God, and who, unfortunately,, do not illustrate their faith by the purity of their lives, or their exemplary con duct. Those persons will have much surely to answer for; for if their are any in error who are well disposed to enhance the truth, they should be the object of our compassion, and I know up greater enemies of the Christian religion, greater scandals to the Church, or greater stumbling-blocks to those Dissenting brethren who may be going astray for want of knowing the goal to which their steps should be directed— 1 know no greater enemies than those who profess to be Catholics, and dis-edify ethers by the scandal of their lives. Let Catholics prove them selves Catholics in patience, in sobriety, in abstience from riot— in short, if they suffer, let them sufler, as St. Peter says, not as thieves, not as robbers, not as persons who are guilty of any violation of the law, but if they suffer as Christians for conscience sake they then suffer as the Apostles did,, and that is praiseworthy before God. If they do that, they will bring more conviction to their erring brethern than by any amount of profession without a corresponding uiety of life. And I would conclude by reminding them of one very instructive story, which is told iu the Lives of the Saints of the founder of that Order of Mercy, of which I believe a branch is in this very parish, and of which the value is felt and appreciated bv all who track the ground on which they lay their I holy footsteps. Their founder with such zeal for the conversion of sinners that he sold himself as a cap tive He suffered rudeness, hardship, bufletmg, abuse, every sort of indignity and insult that could be endured by man. The powerful Moor to whom he belonged was so struck by his genuine Christian i iiy . that he became ieonVert. *nd was by his rank I i afldposUbn the insiriiment of contertin* thousands I ?' ! t0 Almitfhty God. It is thus* 1 would say to the I humblest penum who treBds your streets, be they male or female, be they servants 01 in the higher stations of society — ♦hey have all certain duties to v fulfil, anil as some are chosen apostles, who are raised r up on hi p.li. and who scatter all over the world a |j ' HWTtion of that light which the Catholic Church j ' ? * «mvualjy nerves to disseminate, so these portions can I ^read a smaller portion of it ; and even the farthing I rii'hlight should not be despised, because it m*y be Yh« insMriment of lighting other tapers, and of thus I spreading the splendour of the Catholic faith through if *hat faUh which has clouded as yet many portions |; not only of this kingdom but of the world In con I KFquence, I beprf you all to reoommend yourselves I in a pernliar fcunnei- to the intercession of the 1 Blessed Virgin. If I were speaking to Protestants, I 1 . should remove one scandal which they «eem I to take offence at (and when I say ' scandal,' it is } that pharasical scandal which is taken, not given), I ; at the prayer. ?? Hail. Mary, Mother of Gofl' being recited ten times for one ? Our Father,' wherefoie they affect tn think that we give greater honour to I the Blessed Virgin, because in this form of prayer I we recite the angelical salutation ten times for one I pater nosier. L't them know that both prayers came I from the *»me sourse, that the Father, the Son , and I the Holy, Ghost. Our Redeemei himself says that I they are one. He is in the Father, and the Father I is in the Son. And when he preached the Son lie If 'preached nothing but what he received from the r Father, and the Holy Ghost. If then he composed I the 'Our Father,*1 the Holy Ghost composed the an I gelical salutation, when his heavenly ambassador I came in his name, and declared to the Blessed Virgin, \ ' Hail, Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee.' i The Holy Ghost composed that form of prayer. | j. The Holy Ghost, the San, and the Father, are the same; and how shall we divide what hns been joined together in tbe essence of the Trinity from all eternity. Let us then discard all these foolish conceits, for they 'are. not difficulties or objections Let us I throw aside all frivolous objections -. and let us re i member that he cannot honour the Son who does I not honour the chaste Virgin, from whose flesh and |j Wood the flesh and blood of our Redeemer was formed. I fiet us not, with any small, pitiful metaphysics, ba | endeavouring to make distinctions that should not | be. made : let us rather consult our own feelings and i| affections; and where is tbe son, or where is the I daughter that would refuse to give reverence to that I pious parent from -whom they not only drew life, but I , what was more valuable still, tlie^example of piety ? I Commend' yourselves, then, in a peculiar manner, to |- the Blesssed Virgin. Say, with the Angel Gabriel — II ' Hril, Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee.' || Say, with Elizabeth — 'Blessed art thou among wo |] men, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.' And as II it is at the hour of death that the Blessed Virgin pecu I] liarly shows her aid, then we may apply the words of | ' St. Bernard, ' If you are tossed on the waves of de | spair, invoke Mary ; if you are threatened with the | gulf of sensuality , invoke Mary.' ' Mary,' he says, \ ' signifies the Star of the Sea ;' and as we are sail | ing on the tempestuous ocean, and our frinds are ; ? looking from the heaven at which they have arrived, i anxious for our arrival at the port, we ought to look !i to that Star which has been the gu'de of those who \ have 'outridden the storm. This beautiful prayer of :- the Catholic Church shovld be ever on our lips, morn l ing and noon, and especially at the last hour — I 'Holy Mary, Mother of God pray for sinners now ! and at the hour of death.'— Amen. I On Monday evening the illustrious Archbishop | dined with the pastors of the church in Rosamond - \ street ; and on that occasion received the subjoined I eulogistic address from the Clergy and their *f 'flock. 1 Sheriff Swift honoured the clergy with his com= ! pany on the occasion. ' TO HIS GKACE THE MOST REVEREND JOHN LORD ARCHBISHOP OF TTJAM, ECT. i( We, the undersigned Catholics of the contigu \ ous districts of St. Peter and St. Paul, Rosamond ; ' street, and St. John the Evangelist, Islington, with ? the respective clergy of those churches, approach your grace with the expression of our deep venera ; tion for your sacred person and office. \ '' We recognise in your grace, an able and zealous i champion of that great cause which all the saints \ have illustrated by their lives and many of them 5 have sanctified by their deaths, the cause of ecclesiastical liberty, or the right of the Church, in 'i . virtue of her divine commission., to order all matters \ affecting the glory of her Lord and the salvation of 'i His people, apart from the encroachments of the I temporal power, which, however august its sanc \ tions, is necessarily subordinate to the ordained | representative of Christ on earth. Iff ' Your grace finds us but ' lately recovered (if || indeed recovered) from an agitation almost un ff ©sampled in the animosity with 'which it has been | conducted, and not a little depressing iu the dis i advantages under which it has placed us. Yet I we perceive in it evident traces of the goodness of ? Almighty God, who orders all things for the final triumph of His Church. ' The desertion of those who called themselves our political friends, has served to show, more and more, that the resources of the Catholic Church are in herself, and that she can never admit the influences of this world, under whatever form, into her body politic, without injury to her character as the spouse of Christ, and peril to the souls of those I ' wiqo are entrusted te her. ? - ) 'Again, we acknowledge the providential effect \ of the recent agitation in cementing the union of \ the Catholic Churches of England and Ireland, bv 5 the proverbially attaching bond of community in ; trial. And we who are of England, thank your ? glorious Church and your generous nation for the : support you have given us in our recent struggle. \ We have suffered, unjustly, indeed, but for an I ostensible cause ; you have suffered without so i much as a pretext ; but whatever the difference in I the circumstances, we acknowledge common cause I because we rejoice in a ' common faith ; and it is I ... j no slight ground of confidence for the future that ' we are supported by the, sympathy, and animated by the example of a nation which has maintained the religion of our Redeemer with so unshrinking a constancy, and adorned it by so many instances of patience under trial and persecution. u Wishing your Grace health, long life, and all prosperity, and craving your archiepiscopal bene diction. ' We are your Grace's faithful servants.*' The Archbishop replied in words to the following effect :— .? ' It is really without any affectation that I say, I have never felt more ?. gratified than by this demonstration of your affectionate sympathy. I should feel, indeed, unwilling to accept such compliments, if I could take them as merely personal. But it is my privilege to be associated with a Hierarchy whose virtues are such as to sup ply for my own individual deficiencies. For it is a part of God's dispensation that the merits which appertain to bodies of men in His Holy Church come in aid of the weakness which attaches to individuals who compose it, so that I have strength as a Bishoy of Ireland which I have not in myself. You have alluded to the recant aggression against our Holy Church in terms which I cordially admit ; 1 am sure that, however depressing in its imme diate consequences, it will ultimately redound to God's glory and to the advantage of our Holy Religion. I see among you some of those excellent gentlemen who have quitted their position and prospects in the Establishment, to embrace the Faith which they are now adorning by their ardent zeal and noble exertions. Their names are dear to Ii eland, and I feel confident with yon, that the strengthening of the bonds of affection between the two countries which has resulted from our com munity in trial, will greatly consolidate the power of the Catholic Church in the islands.' 