? . ? — , ? : ? — ? — «= ? _« ? Timj VICTORIA. (from our own correspondent.) Melbourne, December fltli. ECCLESIASTICAL. In my last I advised you of the interesting pro ceedings of the late meeting of the Catholic Associa tion, and the powerful speech of Dr. Geoghegan ia opposition to the proposed abolition of State Sup-, port to Religion, and I may now add that the Legis lative Council has not only rejected Mr. Johnstons-, measure but actually taken him by surprise and in creased that portion of the Schedule from £6,000 to £30,000. Mr. O'Shanassy's speech in the first and it is much to be regretted no good report of it has appeared. The arrival of the Right Rev. Dr., Goold is now daily expected, and it is said several clergymen and five nuns accompany him. Our Ca tholic population is rapidly increasing and this fin* colony presents an ample and glorious field lor missionary labours. Dr. Perry I am told is dread-, fully cut up by the conduct of the Legislative. Council, because being an adept in chisselling some thousands a year out of the Exeter Hall ladies, it is a favourite hobby with him, to rely upon volun-^ tary aid, thinking thereby to impede' the operations^ of the Catholic Church. In this instance however,, his Bishopship reckoned withont his host, because, his political tail turned against him ; the Attorney and Auditor-General and others of tl e Government Corps left him in the lurch, and by the aid of a ' portion of the popular representatives Mr. John ston, Dr. Perry and all the tribe of discontents, found the tables completely turned upon them. POLITICAL. There is a great calm in the public affairs, since, the shelving of the vote of want of confidence in the government.. This was occasioned by the com-, bined influence of a few private friends of Mr. La. Trobe and place hunters, anxiously longing, for a fevr of the crumbs now dropping in the shape ofi gold. commissioners ana stipendiary Magistrates. The. Government however by their majority of two have, obtained a severe defeat, and will have the effect of brushing them up to some display of administrative, powers if. possesed of any such requisites. The Es timates are now undergoing disenssion and the re-, jection of the Duty on Gold Export Bill, will seriously embarrass the Government, who in their ways and means for the ensuing year estimated, £300,000 Revenue from this source, and this golden yjsion being now a.nn hilated it becomes a serious, question as to the mode by which such a financial; difficulty can be.met. Touching the gold in question Mr. Splatt one of our rural members, a few days ago introduced a motion having for its object the pre-. vention of- the. Adelaide and Sydney Escorts ; the. good sense of the .house however extinguished such, an illiberal injudicious crotchet, the hon. member, being left in a majority of two upon a division. The business of the Council is now drawing rapidly, to a close, the Estimates being the most particular thing to be disposed of, and. there is talk of the pro rogation taking place by. Christmas, some Select Committees are in arrears but it is very likely their! labours will be permitted to take a. nap until, next session — Mr. J. H. Osborne the editor and proprietor, of the Belfast Gazelte.has resigned the representa tion of Belfast, and a Mr. Miles has been elected Mr. Mercer's successor for t e county of Grant. '' GENERAL. The Gold fields continue their, average yields, and you will see by the papers that we have been^ feeding and feting your ' lion' Mr. Gold-discoverer Hargraves, who, has also been made a Territorial Magistrate of. It js also intended to present him, ' Wlt-.ll a o-nlfl /Mm r nnrl ATv Wnct-rravtli r\na nf mm ? ? *vi» ?— ^w-** w%-r^, m.im J.JU ?? ll\\*UVwl««.UA., \JA*\s */* WL4L' City Members, has placed a notice-of motion on the. Council boo'is for an address to. the LieutenantGo vernor to place a sum on the supplementary esti mates with a view of doing what New South Wales, has not done, viz., adequately rewarding her great benefactor. The sum intended to be proposed is, £5,000 but there will be strong opposition, and I dont think it will pass. During the past week the. following escorts arrived. Government one from Mount Alexander 16,155 oz., Ditto Ditto, Ballarat, 11,000 and private escort 50,000. Two more are expected to-day. The iiccounts from the diggings; are very variable, and are much in the usual strain of many succeeding and more being disappointed. The price of provisions, particularly bread and. meat, is. falling, and we have a large, stock of. flour arrival of two New York vessels. A most melan-. choly and fatal accident occurred within a few miles of t'.;e- city on Tuesday evening. The Rev. D.. Wood, an Episcopalian clergyman, much re spected, was driving with his brother in a tax cart when the vehicle coming in collision with a stump both* gentlemen were hurled from their seats and the Rev, gentleman killed on the spot. The gold fever has completely infected the 40th Regiment lately arrived amongst us, as desertions by the dozen are daily taking place. Haifa dozen a night is nothing new, all off 'to the gold fields ; some are occasionally recaptured and. generally sentenced by court martial to two years imprisonment with hard labour. Chief Justice a' Beckett leaves the colony for England, I am informed, in March, and nothingds further known of the provisional medical appointments. Mr. Justice Barrv has started on circuit for the Mount Alexander diggings, whei Cv the assizes commence at ten o'clock this morning. There are 19 prisoners for trial, the offences being chiefly highway robberries and horse stealing.' The weather continues unhealthy with us though, the influenza is all but gone. Many deaths are HUllilg JMUWj LUC JUUaii JlUbclUJC UCMiy JUli UUOCjm Raleigh the merchant, and Mrs. Johnston wife of Air. Johnston M.L.C. Mr. Johnston leaves Mel bourne for Scotland in January and Dr. Greeves i» already nibbling at the representative of the City^. He hasn't the ghost of a chance for if an old man kangaroo were to be nominated against him, and they were to see it our, the wild man of the woods would be the Iil.L.C. - ' ' \- Widening the Yarr'a' Yarra River.— Merchants and shipowners will be glad to learn that the Go vernment are immediately about to effect great im provements at the present wharf. During the last few days workmen have been employed in measur ing the south bank of the Yarra, from the Break /water to opposite Cole's Wharf, for the purpose of -. , widening the river at that point to some consider . able extent, and erecting platforms for vessels to move alongside. It is also proposed to carry the ?'present platform from where it now ends on the city *ide of the river, to Cole's Wharf, and to make the. ?whole of more than double its present width, after which we hear sheds are to be erected. These im provements will he hailed with delight by a large class of the community, who have hitherto been «reat losers bv the neoessarv evnnsnrft nf t.h« minds on the wharf,, and the liability of their being con tinually stolen. We trust that the Government will lose no time in the matters as every day only adds to the increase of traffic and the. confusion at tendan1; upon it. ' Houseless Immigrants. — Amount of Subscrip tions for the erection of an Institution for House less Immigrants, paid since 10th November, 1852 is £3119 3s. Amount of Subscriptions promised, but not yet paid, 26th November, 1852 is £246 3s. 