FACETüE. A NICE MESS FOR MESSMATES. f From Punch.J "PUNCH AHOY!-Here's a" precious para- graph for you, that 1're cut out of one of the newspapers put in by sume land-lubber :-. " ' TBA roa TUB NÄVI -Messrs \V. S. Shut- tleworth and Co., of 38, Pencliurch- street, have again taken a contract to supply SO.UOOlbs. of tea for the use of the Navy.' , " Avast there ! I sun« out when first I rrad this. T.a! -rea for British Seamen! What next? Bread-and-butter, I suppose, as though they were young ladies at a seminary ; a pretty boarding school, d'yo seo, that will make of a lint'.of-biUle ship. Or, mayhap, Jack is to have plum-cake with his toa, or belike, bread and j im. Tea in the Navy ! Why-shiver their cups mid saucers !-'tis making the sea service a tea service. Tea .' and by-and-by, I tx peet, a car- pel laid duwn on the fore-deck. Bless my eyes, if ever 1 thought lo live to hear of such slops as that for a seamen's chest.! Well, I am blest, says I, split my tup-gallant mast I for certainly I was taken quite aback by the notion of tea on b <ard a seventy-four-turtiiug a man-of-war. d'ye mimi mr, intu aa old woman, tlowsome dever, when I'd shewed the matter-over a bit, 1 twigged it all. Steady ! thinks 1 lo myself. Ii< lay ! How about the truth of this story ? It cn't be. No, PutirA, my hearty 1 1 don't be- lieve a word nf lt. 'Tis a tale only fit to tell the marines. Depend upon it, 'twas hatched by some snob of a reporter through hearing that the Navy was to be served with canister and gunpowder. A pretty son of a sea cook, to think that anything but grog would ever go down with " SALT JUNK." The Old Ship, September, 1851. Ttoo Ghosts lo ont Hamlet.-Strange tilinga occasionally occur in a theatrical life. Some few years aga,at a benefit given toa fire cont« p.iny, in Philadelphia, a new aspirant for histri- onic honors appeared on the boards of the W«1 n Ut-st ree t Theatre. Thc play was Hamlet. Just befure the curtain rose the gentleman engaged to play the'* Ghost" struck for «ages, and the manager was forced to supply his place as best he could. In due time the play went on, and the " Ghost," in blue armour, appeared, saying ( in the lugubrious tone-" Hamlet, J am thu Father's ghost!'' When, even at the Prince of Denmark was.contemplating the Image of his 'father's ghost, a voice was braid from another wing-" Don't y ou ht heve him. Hamlet; I am your father's ghost-this fellow underbid me." And with the word another ghost (In blue ai mour, or course) stepped rn the stage. The embarrassment of Hamlet was extreme. 7*it>» ghosts of ont father, both chested in blue armour, speaking at once, and each claiming tn bo the gilliat, Simon Pure-as thu«, " Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost 1" began No. 1. " No, Hamlet, I am your father's ghost I" cried. No. 2\. " Doomed for a certain term to walk thc earth," continued No. 1. "No, Hamlet," sahl ghost Nu. S, insinuatingly ; " It's me that's doomed to walk tho earth, not him. Yuu see he plays for five dollars a week, and I would not do it under sis, I'm your father s ghost, Ham- let." . At this juncture, while Hamlet süiod look- ing from one to-the other, in moil unprlneely confusion, No. I again rallied-" I could a talo unfold," be said. " All fudge, Hamlet ¡ lt's me that could the tale unfold," criod ghost No, 2. "Thia fellow iilnt got any tale to unfold. I'm your father's ghosi« my buy,'' At this crisis the curtain fell, leaving Hamlet to settle the matter with the two ghosts behind tho seems, while the audience were sledding leais, but not of sorrnw.-American Magasin*. '. Who took Care of the Habits ?'' artlessly inquired a little girl, on hearing her motlier say thal all people were once children. 