THE DERBY ADMINISTRATION. (From the Times , February 25.) The arrangements of the Derby administration are now complete, and a nev household has started into existence with the same readiness as the Cabinet. It is difficult to be particular as to the special aptitude of this or that minor official ..far his new duties, without exaggerating the im portance of the office itself. There are figure parts in the State .as well as on the stage, for which a very average amount of personal recommendations will suffice. Leaving, therefore, most of the re spectable walking gentlemen in the list before us to speak for themselves, we will single out those which., may call fpr a passing remark. We have no objection at all then, that our old friend Mr. G. F. Young should take a few lessons at the Board of Trade, and acquire in that school a better stock of commercial statistics, as well as a better disposition to apply them to the general good of the public. . The best things we can wish for chaos are order and light, and we shall not despair of seeing even the honorable member for Scarborough methodical; lucid and sound. The household seems very much like other households, and, so long as due regard is paid to the dignity and convenience of the Crown, as well as of the privileged few that are admitted to the presence of royalty, the great mass of the people has little to do with, the matter. Ireland is a more important affair. The Earl of Eglington is chiefly known by his tournament, which would have gone off admirably but for the rain, If he could persuade the Irish to settle tlieir quarrels in the same blood less fashion, he will considerably eclipse the glories of that mimic chivalry. Chief Justice Blackburne, if he accepts Lord Derby's offer, will make an excellent Irish Chancellor. Lord Stanley, the new Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, has probably enjoyed as much direct preparation for that office, as the- distinguished excavator of the Assyrian marbles. Sir F. Thesiger is Attorney-General, it is said, with a view to the Speakership of the House of Commons in the new Parliament, should the fates be so far propitious. Lord Lyndhurst declines office, but promises his support, as also, it is rather superfluously added, does the Duke of Richmond. The note of preparation has already been sounded for the forthcoming war. The electors of Marylebone and Finsbury, that is, the veiy snug parties of gentlemen who, somewhere or other, assemble now and then to pass resolutions, publish manifestos, and terrify ministers — have met, as usual, to protest against a change which seems, from their tone, to. have come rather suddenly upon them. As they place the Whigs and the Con servatives under a common anathema, and are far more horrified at the ghost of the new reform bill than at the presage cf protection, we are not pre pared to state the particular plan of operations with which they intend to re-commence the session. An evening contemporary, which seems as much astounded at these events as the metropolitan politicians we have mentioned, is 44 pleased to hear that whatever doubt exists on this subject (that is, the future course' of the new cabinet) will be dis sipated immediately after the re-election of the new ministers, by the introduction of a resolution pledging the House of Commons to free trade" On the other hand, the inhabitants of Manchester, who are, at least, as thorough free traders as those of Marylebone, or as our energetic contemporary, have rosolved to renew the league till there shall appear some occasion for it, but simply to empower the council of the last league to- watch the pro ceedings of the new administration, with some very proper hints as to what, may be expected, should the new Premier venture to re- open the great question. On the side of the new government, and in its supposed interest, their is an equal variety of announcement. In the familiar column of one judicious contemporary we already see the watch ward. 44 Death or Protection," and the public are assured that Lord Derby and his colleagues are prepared to risk all their magnificent prospects, as well as the .safety- of the Enipire, next week, or to-morrow, if possible, oil an express demand for a good duty on corn. To such as are still hesitating how to greet the new administration — that is, whether with a brief tolerance or with instant defiance — we beg to repeat the views we have already ' expressed on this subject. There are . two motives for nolitical action, and only two that apply to the present question — the first, political feeling ; the second, a calculation of the public advantage. Now, is there a peremptory call on any man's conscience to drive the new ministers at once from their places, and with that view, to compel them to declare themselves in advance of their present convictions, and months, if not years, before they are likely to compromise themselves ? It may be a sacred duty to answer a question ; but we cannot conceive it sacred duty to ask one, when the object is to make a man blio, himself or hamper himself — to do wrong ii\ either one way or another. We see no " call ' in the matter, except that mission which the proverb assigns to fools— of asking questions which the wisest may find it .difficult to answer. A just suspicion always attaches to gratuitous measure's, and nothing can be so gratuitous as to ask a question simply because it will be disagreeable to answer it, and to hasten a decision which will. require time to make it as it ought to be made. The second motive applicable to the sub ject is the. public convenience. But where is the possible advantage to the community at large, of driving the new government from power, without reasonable notice, by a species of forcible eject-, ment ? Why should we grudge twenty or thirty -new hands a little taste of office ? The nation surely is not specially interested in conferring; a perpetual monopoly of power on a small clique, consisting of a few noble families, respectabje as tney are, and valuable as their services have un doubtedly been. On tbe contrary, it is an advan tage to all parties, to the nation at large, to the whole of the Legislature, and particularly to those who have something like political prospects of their own, that all monopolies should be broken up,' and that all sections of the political world . should have a fair chance. If Mr. Bright would like to. be Chancellor of the Exchequer, he is far more likely to have it after a year or two of Mr. Disrael than after a long and exclusive high Whig or high Tory prescription. Some one has observed that there are only four men in the new cabinet, who have been in a cabinet betore. Why not ? There is all the more chance now for those who have not been in a cabinet. If nobody is to be in a cabinet who has not already been in a cabinet, or if now minsters are only to be made at the rate of one in five years, political promotions, and, we will add, political .progress, will be very slow. Give the con servatives a chance, for the sake of the public, if not for their own. But doesthe convenience of the public peremptorily demand a dissolution ? Should Lord Derby be thrown into a 'minority by a factious . vote, lie would have no alternative but to dissolve parliament at once, iu order to pick up the govern ment seats, and the gain which there would in evitably be in1 several counties and open boroughs. But would it be to the advantage; we will not say the. security of the nation, that at this juncture it should be plunged into the animosities of a general election, and the great cause of agriculture versus manufacture once more reopened with increased bitterness ? Most certainly it would not. The best thing that can happen to us just now is, that the new government should have a fair trial: and we do not know any law of political morality that should make a little wise forbearance a positive sin. JTow our Ancestors 4 Protected' us:— In the reign of James the Fourth of Scotland, the Magistrates of towns were enjoined 4 to set prices .upon bread, ale, and 4 all other necessaries things,' wrought and bought.' James the Filth appointed a commissioner 4 for setting prices on craftsmen's work and stuff, victual and salt.' Then, the law told every man what price he was "to set upon all goods in his shop : now, the tradesmen is left to make for himself complex calculations, and to' discover, through much trouble what he ought to charge in order to ensue an honest living. Queen Mary decreed that prices should be Set also on wild and tame fowl. 4 The black cock/ says her Majesty, per statue, 4 is to be sax pennies, and the tame hen eight penies.' ... Charles the Second prohibited the 4 importation' of gold and silver lace, buttons, thread, or ribands whose gold or silver were to be found or counterfeited? linen, cambric, damask, calico, cotton, wool, lint; carpets silk beds, stockings, shoes, boots, gloves, &e.; lames the Sixth had interdicted the exportation of. linen cloth, lint-seed, candles, tallow, huff or. hides, shoes, cattle, coals, flesh, horses, wool, skins, herrings, &e.; Charles the Second added to the list worsted, woollen yarn, broken copper; brass, or pewter, under pain of confiscation, one half to' the King, one halt to the apprehender.—— Household Words. i The Suffrage Question amd the Manchester Conference. — So far as the great body of the people are concerned, it may be taken as a fact that nothing short of universal suffrage will be accepted by them as a satisfactory and final settle ment of the question., They will gladly welcome every approximation to this as so much gained tp the cause of justice and political equality ; but not as a termination of the onward march — not as the accomplishment of their desires and aims. Never theless the gaol is not to be reached at one leap. The people know better than to expect political emancipation sudden and complete. In England, reform is tentative, hesitating, and experimental. We move by successive stages, and sometimes the stages are very short ones, and reached only after a slow andnvearisome travelling— for the roads are heavy, up-hill, and cjpgged with obstructions. No help is to be despised, that by bringing fresh hands to push behind or pull, before, tends to accelerate the rate of movement. . At the same time we must- \- . - make ourselves sure that the proffered aid is likely to be of real service-— to be a help and not a diver sion. In what light, then, are we to regard the proposals of the Manchester Conference? We have great respect for the leading minds of Man chester. We are quite sure that Messrs. Cobden and Bright are sincerely desirous of promoting the enfranchisement of the people ; and we, attach great weight and value to the unanimous voice by which some six or seven thousand Manchester re formers gave their approval to the resolutions of the Conference. Still, we must confess that after the conflicting opinions, expressed by the delegates with reference to the term of residence to' be adopted as a qualification for the franchise, it is not. satisfactory that the resolutions should contain nothing more definite than some general phrases, susceptible of a variety of constructions, on this part, of the subject. Mr. Baines would have the term of residence not less than two years. Why, we are at a los3 to conjecture. He disclaims the notion of desiring. a restrictive qualification for the purpose of limiting the numerical extent of .the representative body; and yet in the same breath he produces statistical returns, showing the large augmentation that would be the result, as his main, if not his sole argument against a short term of residence. A long residentiary qualification must operate in some degree like the law of settlement, in preventing individuals from carrying their labour or their skill wherever it may at any time be most required, or likely to be bestowed. The working man, for instance, . supposing Mr. Baines's pro position adopted, must not leave the town in which he has obtained an electoral qualification, to seek employment elsewhere, on pain of losing his poli tical privilege and descending into the ranks of the unenfranchise !. For our own part, we can see but one reason for attaching a residentiary condition to the franchise, namely as a security against duplicate or rather multiplex voting. For this purpose, a residentiary "verification of the vote is requisite Without it, a man, after voting in one town in the morning, might post off by railway and vote in half a dozen more before the day was over. But. six months' residence is amply sufficient for the purpose. There is something peculiarly paltry and tricky in trying to cut down the number of electors by im posing a long residentiary condition. It would in fact, be to repeat the blunder which the National Assembly, at the instigation of Louis Napoleon, committed in France, and which, rendering that body so obnoxious and unpopular, furnished a pretext for ihe usurpation just accomplished by the traitor- President. Mr., Bright himself is in favour of a six months' residence, and if a clause to that effect were specifically introduced into the Man chester plan, it would remove much of the suspicion ' with which it is now regarded, and would make it much more worthy of popular support, as a step towards complete political enfranchisement. — Leeds Times. The Desert. — Few European r.eaders are, pro bably', able to form an adequate idea of the horrors of such a situation as is here described. The following description may serve to paint to us the x terrors of the desert, and the danger of perishing in it with thirst : — " The desert of Mesopotamia now presents to our eyes its melancholy uniformity. It is a continuation, and, as it were, a branch of the great Arabian desert on the other side of the river Euphrates. Saline plants cover, at large intervals, the burning sand or the dry gypsum. Wormwood spreads here, as the furze' in Europe, over immense tracts, from which it excludes every other plant. Agile herds of gazelle travel se these plains were many wild asses. formerly roved. The lion concealed ' in the rushes along the rivers, lies in wait for these animals, but, when he is unable to seize them, to appease his hunger, he sallies forth with fury, and his terrible roaring rolls like thunder from desert to desert. The water of the desert is, for the most part, bitter and brackish. The atmosphere is, as usual in Arabia, pure and dry; freqnentlyit is burning in the naked and sandy plains ; the corrupt vapours of stagnant waters are diffused there; the exhalations of the sulphureous and salt lakes increase the pestilential matter. Whenevc-r any interruption of the equilibrium sets a column of such infected air into rapid motion, .that poisonous wind arises which is called#'samum,' or samyel,' which is dreaded less in the interior of Arabjatlian on the frontiers, and especially in Syria and Meso potamia. As soon as this dangerous wind arises, the air immediately loses its purity; the.' sun is covered with a bloody veil ; all animals fall alarmed to the earth, to avoid tliss burning blast, which stifles every living being that is bold enough to expose itself to it. . The caravans, which convey goods backwards and forwards from Aleppo to Bagdad, and have to traverse these deserts, pay a tribute to the Arabs, who consider themselves as masters of the solitudes. They have also to dread the suffocating wind, the swarms of locusts, and the want of water, as soon as they leave the Euphrates. A French traveller affirms that he was witness to a scene occasion by the want of water, the most teyrible that can be imagined for a man of feeling. It was between Anah and Dryjeh. . The locusts, after they had devoured every thing, at last perished. The immense numbers of dead locusts corrupted the pools from which, from want of springs, they were obliged to draw water. The traveller observed a Turk who, with despair in his countenance, ran down a hill, and came towards him. I am,' he cried, -the most unfortunate man in' the world. I have purchased, at a considerable expense, two hundred girls, the most beautiful of Greece and Georgia. 1 have educated them with care ; and, now that they are marriageable, I am taking them to Bagdad to sell them to advantage. Ah. they perish in this desert for thirst ; but I feel greater tortures than they." The traveller ascended imme diately the hill — a dreadful spectacle here oresented its If to him. In the midst of twelve eunuchs, and a hundred camels, he saw 'these beautiful girls, of the age of twelve to fifteen, stretclieu upon the ground exposed to the torments of a burning thirst, and inevitable death. Some were already buried in a pit which had just been made ; a greater number had dropped down dead by the side of their leaders, who had no strength to bury them. On all sides were heard the sighs of the dying ; and the cries of those who, having still some breath remaining, demanded in vain a drop of water. The French traveller . hastened to open his leathern bottle, in which their was still a little water. He was going to present it to one of these unhappy victims. 'Madman!' cried his Arabian guide, "wouldst thou have us die from thirst?' He immediately killed the girl with an arrow, seized the bottle, and threatened to kill any one who should venture to touch it. He advised the slave- merchant to go to Dryjeh, where he -would find water. ' No,' replied the Turk ; ' at Dryjeh the robbers would take away all my slaves. The Arab dragged the traveller away. The moment they were retiring, these unhappy victims seeing the last ray of hope of hope vanish, raised a dreadful cry. The Arab was moved with compassion; he took one of them, poured si drop of water on her burning .lips, and set her on his camel, with the intention of making his wife a present of her. The poor girl fainted several times, when she passed the bodies of her companions, who had fallen down dead on the way. Our traveller's small stock of water was nearly exhausted, when they found a well of fresh and pure water ; but the rope was so' short, that the pail would not reach the surface of the water. They cut their cloaks in strips tied them together, and drew up but little water at a time, because they trembled at the idea of breaking their weak rope, and leaving, their pail in the well. After such dangers, they at last arrived at the hrst station in byria. — JJr. Burders Oriental Customs. . London Modern Shoeblacks.. — One of the features pf ancient London revived for the Great Exhibition was, the company of shoeblacks. The revival was an experiment connected with one of the great qqestions of our day — the disposal of the abandoned children of wretchedness and crime who infest our streets. The poor boys were of various sorts. Many .were orphans — some were sailor boys —not a few bad been starving in the streets for years — almost all were homeless, ragged, ignorant, dirty little wretches for whom no one seemed to care. They were, in truth, exact samples of that large class of young castaways frpm which the criminal population is continually recruited in strength, and for which- the ragged school was especially designed. To deal with the case of these youngisters has ever been a serious difficulty. The usual doors of labour appear closed against them. If the humane set them to chop wood or break stones, it was objected to as an infringement of the rights of free labour. Happily, the shoe black was a defunct personage in London streets — and. with the exception of a Colony of French boys who established themselves in the park, but were removed by the police for bad conduct, no one could complain of the. new aspirants fof public favour trenching on ground already occupied. At first the boys had much to contend against. They tvere new to the work, .and- felt awkward in their fine clothes. Idle boys mocked at them, pulled their aprons, put dirt into their pots. Portly gentlemen posed them with strange questions. Elderly ladies told them they would. all come to be lord mayors. Costermougers called them young- cardinals and red republicans, in allusion to their red jackets. Foreigners offered them curious coins for change. Old soldiers with only one leg insisted on paying half pricfe ; and sometimes shabby people would say, offhand, that they would pay next time. Still the boys stood their ground, and held manful possession of the points which they had seized at first. .. A few. of them, it is true, fell into temptation, like other mortals, owing to success. Kossuth's visit to Guildhall was a sort of Capua to some. That day people trod unanimously on each other's toes, and the industrial little colony earned a large sum of moriey. A few of the urchins could not bear up calmly against this flood tide of prosperity ; they feasted on magnificent pies ; they steamed to Greenwich and gorged themselves with whitebait; they made themselves ill with cheap cigars ; they shook them selves with rides on Hampstead donkeys. But these offenders were exceptions to the rule, and were discharged for bad conduct. Nep.rly all the boys saved money, which was kept for them in a little bank established by the committee. One had £1 put by — several had £5 each. Many a widowed mother was supported by hqr son's black ing-brush. Seven of the lads spent their savings in an outfit for Australia, and are now in that colony; fourteen others obtained situations in families. One has bound himself apprentice to the Waterman's Company ; another relieved his parents from a distress for rent ; and a father was enabled by the same means to come up to London and see the boy from whom he hack been separated for years. Such is the result of this little experiment as told by one of the committee. Who will not wish the further trial good speed ! — Athenceum. The Irish Decoy.— During the occupation of the city of Mexico by the American troops, a consider able number or tliem were shot during the day, from either the roofs of houses, open windows, or other places of concealment ; aud as the discovery of the assassins was next to impossible, it occurred to General Scott, who commanded the American Army, that the only plan to suppress this system of murder was to give orders that from whatever house a shot was fired that the soldiers were at liberty to plunder it. This intimation was well received, ancl particularly by three Irishmen, who were serving in the Republican army, and who immediately conceived the idea of turning this matter info a profitable speculation ; and to accom plish this, they very judiciously arranged that one pf the party should wander up through the city con siderably in advance of his companions, and that by- reeling and staggering occassionally, he would assume natur as near as possible, and that by this ruse he would no doubt entrap the enemy. The skirmishing party had taken the field, and as the advance guard was rollicking about in a true Donnybrook fashion, which would have been a credit to any of. his countrymen, he was rather taken by surprise to find' himself made a prisoner by one of his own company, by command of an officer who had chanced to witness the drunken performance, and into whose presence he was immediately taken and accused of being drunk. 'Not at all, your honour,' sayst Paddy, 'lam only working out the schame ot Giniral Scott .' ' What do you mean by working out the scheme of General Scott ?' replied the , Lieutenant. ' Why, your honour,' says Dennis, ' didn't you hair that the Ginirdl had given permission to any one who was shot at from inside a house that we had the right , to pluntker it, and its 'myself thats out as a decoy. And there,' says he, 1 pointing down the street, ' there's Flannigan and Finnigan, who gets there share of the goold plate and the doubloons along wid myself.' — -Reformers Gazette . Captain Warner's Inventions. — Earl Talbot has a letter in the Times, in which he strongly advo cates the adoption of the Warner inventions by the Government, in reference to the question o£ national defences. He states that his belief in Mr. Warner's powers is unaltered, or rather strength ened, and he sums up the merits of the discovery : — " I assert, then,, that by the Warner inventions the largest ships may be instantaneously, certainly, and cheaply destroyed; that an enemy's fleet may be so beleagured that any movement would entail upon them inevitable destruction ; that an enemy's port might be efficiently blockaded without neces- ' sitating the .constant and costly vigilance of a squadron, as in the late war, and that 0111 own ports, roadsteads, and coasts might be rendered invulnerable, and all this at a small cost. 