THE LATE CONFERENCE OF THE . BISHOPS. ; Report of tho opinions-of tho Clergy of South Australia ou tho Min.utcs.of Proceedings* of 1 tho Australasian Bishops," nt Sydney, in Octo- ber, MSfib. !, : .. .« :. ' ? > ? '-. ' To TUB RIGUT RKVEUEND TUB LOKD BISHOP or ', , ' , ADELAIDE.: i ' Chirpier House, Adelaida, ? . r February iCth, 1851. MT LORD-Wo, tlio CJcrgyof tho Diócesi of Adelaide, having deliberated, at your Lordship's suggestion, U|wn the ."Minutes of Proceedings st n Mooting of ¡ tho Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops of tho Provinco of Anstr.hiiia, hold in Sydney in October lust,"'havé now tho honour of submitting, , for your Lanlsliip's consideration, our views and opinions thereon, as embodied in tim following propositions. Though titifórtunntely under tho necessity of differing from your Lordship'on muny point», wo trtist that our manner of doing so will bo deeded j uuexocptiohnble. Wo uro persuaded that w only,] do justice to the Chief Pastor» of tito AuMraUwU Ohuroliea by giving thew credit for a s'noero ai eanieit desire to advance the ¡nterpsts of tn religion In their rosnentive diocesos. As Fresh ters and Deacons or the Church, of England, T must claim to ha considered no leas desirous securing tho attainment of the great ouds of tl Church's institution. It vas not thought necessary to remark urif those matters contained in tho 14 Minutes" whit aro determined by tho Rubrics ; referred to tl decision of the Ordinary j or, judging from tl general usages in the mother country, left to tl discretion of each individual clergyman. ; Any attempt to enforce a rigid uniformity, c minor or trivial matters-would,, it is to ba fcare not only fail in its object, but would tend to ci gender strife and evil surmisings. The Church, needs rest. May its chief pasto be endued with the spirit of wisdom, power, lov and of a sound .mind;,and may wo all-pier« and laity-be di vinel v enabl ed to maintain the fai j "iii unity of spirit, in the bond bf pence, and i righteousness of life." . " \- « Propositions above referred to. . 1\. That our proceedings 'may be mat public. 2\. That we proceed to the consideration of tl " Minutes'' seriatim, omitting, however,' all di cussion upon the question ,of baptismal regem ration, except to affirm on the propriety c otherwise, of its introduction into the "M notes." 3\. That wo regard the meeting of the Bishoj respectively of Sydney, Tasmania, Now Zealam Adelaide, Newcastle, and Melbourne, .simply as voluntary assembling of the" chief pastors of y tl Australasian Dioceses, to confer upon mattera a! feating tho interests of the Church. . 4.. That while we apprové mainly of tho objeol on which the Bishops proposed to consult-i specified in section I.-we cannot refrain, froi expressing regret that, as they had not coufei it with their respective clergy before their meeting they should hare forwarded their "Minutes" t England, with a view, ,it is presumed, to. luipi rial legislation, .. without, previously submittin them to the clergy and laity of their respectiv diocèses. Future Synods and Conventions, ? 5. That adverting to chap, iii., " On Futut I Synods and Conventions," we are of opinion tba it would be preferable for the clergy and laity t meet, in onc^ossembly dr convention consisting c I every licensed presbyter having cure of Soul j and one or more laymen, chosen by ,and out « the members of each congregation in full com mullion, aud presided over by- the Bishop of th diocese. Subdivision of Dioceses and Nomination t Bishops. G. That the right and (tower of Her MOE Gracious Majesty to sulnlivlse the Australasia dioceses and to nominate Bishops thereto hu hitherto been wisely and boneGoiaUyexeroisetl and ought for the present to be., retained intact and that, should a period arrive ivlion it shoul bo deemed expedient that Her Majesty sltbul relinquish the right of nominating to colonie sees,, wo are of opinion.that, according to ancien UB»gè, such right of nomination should be veste in the clergy of the'diocese over which tho Bisho is to preside. : Church Membership. MINUTE.-On a discussion of theiphrase "dui . baptized,", it was understood .that th word; "dilly" was intended to bb es plained by the'words following, viz. . 'f with water, iii'the name of the Fa th et ? Soiij and Holy .Ghost," and not Jto.rcfo to the person baptizing.. ... DISCIPLINE. '" (Clergy.) ? 7\. That, as the Australasian Bishop's' "¿if claim".the,right, power, or wish "to sus|>en'd o revoke, at their own discretion, tim lioeuscs c Clergymen," wp are of opinion .that, the,license of incumbencies should, tis ,far ¿s possible, bb ii the, same -form of words as ' those issued tb' iii cuinbents, iii Englaud, and not révocable a ".pleasure." 9\. That it is desi fabio there should bo a powe of depriving Clergy, convicted of immorality c heresy, of their incumbencies. , , Stattls of Clergy. j 9. That wc view.with somo degree of fear an disapprobation tlie desire of the Australasia] 'Bishops to license Clergymen to chargeB of : " temporary nature,"- and the wish expressed b; them. V that candidates for Holy Orders' should place themselves entirely at tho . dispo sal of their Bishop for sorao definite .term, o years, and leave to dim the responsibility of ap pointing and changing their station during sud period ;-ns we believe suoh a policy, if general would,, under present circumstances,* be iujuriou jto the maintenance.bf mental independence, doc ti inal purity, and pastoral fidelity among tb' junior clergy, and would be inimical to their do tncstio comfort and general usefulness; ' '?' j 10. That it is of the utmost importance to tin respectability, influence, and efficiency of tin clerical body iù this diocese, to. keep np, as far ni Íiossible, the standard bf secular and theologies earning for candidates for holy orders which lt required by the Bishops at. home. . ; H.. That, under present circumstances, it ii not desirable tb admit to tho dinconate, for thc servios of the C'huroh in this diocese, person* whose previous position in tho colony would materially impuir their influence. . ! 12. That,, for the due; preservation of order and harmony, it is'desirable that no deacon ot catechist should bo introduced into any district already under the care of a presbyter, but oh the nomination of "such, presbyter to whom the said deacon or catechist should be subordinate;. , LITURGY. Marriage of persons neither of ichotn belongs to ' the Church. 13\. That whereas up to a recent period no marriages of dissenters in England wero legal unless. celebrated .according to the rites and ceremonies Of the Established Church, and 'whereas at the present time the majority of dis. stinting marriages aro so celebrated in the mother country, wo are of, opinion, that no Australasian Clergyman ought tb, refuse to marry any, parties who inny apply to him; though thby be not mem- bers ol' our communion. .. Jfinfstiring'to.Dissenters. 14\. That, whila-.wo.are relieved from.any legal «' obligation" « to perform religious, services' for persons who arc not members of bur Church,'' yet, ito gourd .against any misconception, we .desjre to express our readiness , to alford our ministerial ónice»,.as far us in us lies, to any, ono wlitf inny need br desire .them. MINUTE.-W<B dcejnV lt inexpedient to express an . ' 1 opltiionT'oh'!, soind^'-pbints* .; touohèd upon in chapter vii., as Wo bclio'vo these points must bo left, to n certain extent,; to tlio discretion of tho olll ciating. miuistcr., , Wo. feel, bound, however, to remark that in seotion'9, ' lotter d, ito mention ' is mode' of mar- riages to be! solemnized on certificate from , tho Registrar's Office ; but we cannot, suppose that it is intended by suoli* omission lb condemn tho solem \- niiatibn of such marriages by ministers of our Church.. . Wo .desire also to express tho difii cully wo aro under, of understanding what is incant by tho advice, of tho ? Bishops to repel trout tho Holy Cont . mullion,'persons who hare married, within* tho prohibited degrees " until they have, repented and bo reformed."' ', Holy Baptism, ? 15\. That tho introduction by tho Australasian Bishops of the iitiestiou bf Holy Btiptinm Into their " Minutes," was uncalled for. und inju^ dlolous; that the construction put by them upon ¿the '«, Creed, : Artlolcs, and Liturgy,'! with rcB|*ot tohills subject, would, if imposed, bo: tantamount to a now article of faith ; and, that the dogmatical determination bf a question which has : ever i Leon practically considered au open orir,,t»'Ví«a/íyj»nrrowH tho terms of comma, nion with our Church. . , . \ ,; " ' Education. 10\. That, whilst 'desirous of seeing a School j established in connection with every Church in' I this Colony,,.,wo. »hall i bo prepared'to regard favourably any , system of education, , in which! tho Bible Bhttll bo tho basis of the, instruction given. ? " ;?'' ' ; ''. ''' j ... ;« ?". ' Missiùhs.' '. ?. 17\. That wo hail »¡th great satisfaction the establishment of thc Australasian Board, of : Mia« "ions, In ooitnea lon wit h our C .UM», » ».. jg to the conversion ol' tho aboriginal of Au8tr»M* uu4 tl.« M« of, the VVertorn Paciffo ¡ and we earnestly hope nod pr»> such measures niay be adopted »nd carr ea 01 r by ita members as maybe crowned wita tue JJI vane blessing* _ .. . ? ., . . JAMES FARRELL, Dean of Adelaide, and 'In ? cumbent of Trinity. WILLIAM JÓILV Wooneoce, Canon of Adelaide .Incumbent of Christchurch. THEODOREPEUCIVAL WILSON, Canon of Ado laide, and Incumbent'of St. John's. W. H. COOMBS, Incumbent of St. George's, Gawler. Jon» CHARLES BAOSUAW, Iucúmbent of St. Mark's, Pcntwortbam. ' ' ARTHUR B. BÓRNETT.'iPresbyter, Inoumbent of St. Stephen's, Willunga. Jonx WATSON, Inoumbent of St. Matthew's, Kensington, " JOHN W. SCIIOAXES, A.B, T.C.D., Officiating Minister, Magill. .' Jon.v i'utFOED, Deacon,- Incumbent of St. Mary's, Sturt, and Christ Church, O'HaU loran Hill. . , £. K. MILLED, Deacon, Hood Master of Pul teney-itreot School, ' and Assistant Minister of Christ Church, North Adelaide, '< SAUL. PERCY Ricun. ALLOM, ; Second Master j of St. Peter's Collegiate School. 