THE SPY SYSTEM IN ENGLAND. From the Glasgow Sentinel.) Certain extraordinary proceedings at Birmingham a few days ago, lead us to a conclusion that the atrocious spy system is at work among us to betray the foreign refugees who have taken shelter in Great Britain, and that our Government is conniving with the continental despots for this purpose, We give elsewhere an abridged account of the 'proceedings, from which it appears that a certain self-styled Baroness Von Beck, who lately published a work entitled, her Memoirs and Adventures in Hungary, in which she claimed intimate acquaintance with the illustrious Kossuth, has been detected as an impostor and a spy, through the activity of the society in Lon don formed for the protection and support of the refugees. She was arrested in Birmingham, when the excitement consequent on the discovery, operat ing upon a previously diseased constitution, produced her sudden death. It comes out that she is not a Hungarian at ali, but a Viennese of low origin, who, for some time, was employed as a spy in the Hun garian service, and has lately been engaged in the recently-established foreign branch of the English police force, at the rate of £5 16s. 8d. per week, to watch and betray the Hungarian refugees. The following is the letter of M. de Soden, interpreter to the police force, to Madame Pulsky, through whom the plot came to be detected : — 4 My dear Madame Pulsky, — In reply to the inquiry contained in your kind note, I beg to assure you that the person styling herself the Baronnes de Beck is the same who, accompanied by Dr. Hemimar, offered personally her services as a spy and informer, to the recently established foreign branch of the English police force. This I know from good authority, and I know, likewise, that for a fortnight or three weeks she has obtained, for such services, £5 16s. 8ck per week. It is also no secret to me that the 4 soi-disant' Baroness introduced herself to the Birmingham police by forwarding a letter written by Dr. Hemimor, and containing an enclosure which consisted of some articles and regulations adopted by an association of the German Committee in London. With re gard to Michaelozy, he himself has admitted to me that the Baroness instigated him to the attack on your husband, and that she defrayed all the expenses of the subsequent proceedings. Should it be re quired, I will, with much pleasure, substantiate the above statement by the the production of unexcep tionable evidence. Trusting you will use your best endeavours in placing the illiterate she-impostor be fore the country in her true character, I am, yours, &c.;, Charles de Soden.' The question now arises, who paid this wretched woman the weekly stipend of infamy ? Were the funds supplied by the bankrupt Government of Austria, or from the British treasury ? And has the fact of the Great Exhibition, necessitating the for mation of a foreign police department, been made use of, for the purpose of entrapping the unfortunate refugees of Hungary, Germany, and Italy, to their ruin, by an organised body of spies and traitors ? We ask the question, and we trust the people of this country will insist upon a reply. We can be lieve much of the shabby and imbecile Govern ment now at the head of affairs ; but we cannot conceive them so utterly lost to all sense of honour and character, as to become the pimps and tools of the Ferdinands and Nicholases, or that tliev ' 1 1 would dare to apply a farthing of the public money to pay the wretches who sell themselves to the in famous work of spies. Ar.d yet it is difficult to conceive such machinery being permitted in this country without the express sanction of the ruling powers ; for it is clearly stated that this woman was paid weekly wages for the express purpose of dog ging the refugees ; — that with the connivance of the police office authorities, she passed herself off as a champion of the patriotic cause, the more surely to encompass her designs ; and that she actually intro duced herself to the Birmingham police in her capacity of spy, at the very time she was levyng black mail on the liberal inhabitants as a patriotic writer. The case is, therefore, very suspicious against the Government, to say the least of it; and we shall not rest satisfied without a full and searching expose of the whole affair. Lord Palmerston's cha racter, especially, is seriously compromised, for, after his statements in Parliament, condemnatory of the retrograde proceedings of the continental powers, and, with Mr. Gladstone's fearful revelations of the dungeons of Italy, and the wholesale hangings and shootings of the Austrian authorities, revealed by the daily press, before him, should he have lent him self to be the jackall of the Emperor Ferdinand, and constituted himself the Vidocq of foreign political offenders, he will deserve, as he will assuredly com mand, the universal execration of the people of this eountr\ We know liovv easy it is for paid informers to hatch conspiracies and treasons, and turn the heart-burnings and expressions of persecuted and ill-used men into formidable revolutionary manifes tations ; and it is bad enough when our own Cabi net, constituted as it is on comparatively liberal principles, resorts to the spy system for its defence ; but, to be the agent and tool of governments that have outlawed tliemslves from civilization — governments conducted by perjurers and murderers — men dead to all sense of reason, justice, or humanity — is the lowest depths of degradation that could befall our Government. Such rulers have, by their acts, placed themselves outside the pale of human society, and instead of conspiracy against them being a crime, and a thing to be hunted down by spies and blood hounds, it is the highest of virtues ; as justifiable and as necessary as would be the breaking up and destruction of a colony of wild beasts. Even, therefore, admitting that the refugees might conspire under existing circumstances, the only weapons left to these exiled men. it is no function of the British Government to hire spies to watch over their movements, or to denounce them to their respective governments ; especially as during the last fifty years, Royalists have been allowed freely to hatch con spiracies on the British soil, and actually to organize and fit out expeditions. While these dangers exist, it behoves the refugees to have no communication wiJi any but known and tried persons ; and we would also recommend our liberal friends in the various towns throughout the kingdom to beware of travelling impostors. The header of last Saturday gives some useful hints on this subject, which we would recommend to the serious attention of our reader.3 : The course to take, where doubt exists as to the genuineness of any one personating a Polish refugee is, to write to Mr. J. Hinton, Mileside, Ravensglass, Cumberland ; or, to James . Spurr, Temperance Hotel, 10, Williamson Square, Liverpool ; where lists are kept of the 230 refugees (which include all the latest known), and if the personator does not prove to be one of them, he should furnish a particular account of himself. Accounts are kept of the names and addresses o; these 230, and it is known where they are, and all transmissions of them from town to town are registered. If an un-' known Italian claims support, let a letter, with the grounds on whtch he does so, be sent to David Masson, Secretary of the Friends of Italy, 10 Southampton Street, Strand, London, who will be able to supply the required information. The republicans who fought for Hungary were the Poles, so that of Republican Hungarian exiles it is likely that they will come under the head of 4 Polish Refugees,' but in the case of a Hungarian requiring relief of whom information is needed, application can be made to Francis Pulsky, St. Petersbufgh Place, Bayswater, London, or to Lord Dudley Stuart, M.P., 26 St. James' Square, who is chairman of the Hungarian Committee. Any other modes of identification not included in these, should also be made public by persons possessing proper information. A Ghost Story. — Last Tuesday fortnight, (says the 44 Montreal Transcript,") as Mrs. , (a lady of literary taste and rather studious habits) sat reading iti her drawing-room, the clock on the mantel-piece struck twelve. As the last stroke reverberated through the apartment, the door was suddenly flung open. In the act of raising her head to reprove the intrusion of her servant (unrung for,) her eye rested on the form of her late hus band. She screamed, and fell sensless on the carpet. This brought up such members of the family as had not yet retired to rest. Restoratives were ad ministered; and when Mrs. -1 had regained possession of her suspended faculties, she felt dis posed to consider the whole distress she had under gone as the result of certain associations between the melancholy tale she had been perusing and her late loss, operating an a partially deranged nervous system. She, however, considered it advisable her maid-servant should repose in her chamber, lest any return of what she liacl determined to consider a nervous affection should distress herself and alarm the family. Last Tuesday night, feeling stronger and in better spirits than she had been for several months past, Mrs. dispensed with the presence of her attendant, retiring alone to her chamber, and went to bed a little before ten o'clock. Exactly as the clock struck twelve she was awakened from sleep, and distinctly beheld the apparition she had before seen, advancing from the table (on which stood her night lamp,) till it stood opposite to, and drew the curtains of, the bed. A sense of suffocat ing oppression deprived her of all power to scream aloud. She described her very blood retreating with icy chillness to her heart. The countenance of her beloved in life wore its usual benevolent aspect. The eyes, once beaming with affection, were now fixed in stern regard on the trembling, half-dissolved being, who, with the courage of des peration, thus addressed him : — 44 Charles ! dear Charles! why have you come again?" 44 Jessie I" slowly and solemnly aspirated the shadowy form, waving in its hand a small roll of white paper, 44 Jessie, pay my newspaper account, and let me rest in peace !" Eggs and Bacon ; or, Summut like it. — On W ednes - day last, a man who attended some cattle from a certain part of this country to the Royal Agricul tural Show, in London, was boasting in the market of the wonderful things he had both seen and heard in 4 the great metropolis of the world.' A person standing by inquired what was the greatest wonder he had seen ; and he replied, 4 a place all covered over with glass.' The querist inquired the name of the place. The 4 feelosopher ' replied, 4 1 dunna know., dezactly what was the name, but I thinks as how I knows sumniut like it !' On being further interrogated, he said, the nearest name like it I can recallect, is eggs and bacon !' On being asked if he did not mean 4 the Exhibition,' he replied, 4 egae, thee hast hit on't ; thee beest at schollard, and 1 be none, aud this is how thee'st got the vantage !' 