THE FITZROY HOUNDS. j If any thing can justify a slightly elderly, a somewhat nervous and indolent gentleman, in getting up before daylight taking turn about with the ghosts, killing his warm bed, while theyareieturningtotheircoklon's listening to cocks with the early hoarseness sticking to their throats, and to hens laying part of the breakfast things gettin g a full view of nude children, and glimpses of half-dressed mothers, as he rides through the streets if any thing can justify such conduct, it is the occasion of the last meet for the season of the Fitz Roy Pack. Say, muse of the many twinkling hoofs-or rather inspire my pen, then well- sandalled goddess, D and Venatrix, honorary member of this and all other packs of fashion and stand- ring- to tell how he, the Lord of the Isles, on latest found cab horse, and in bronzewing cords, refused not fence, dividing, oh ! grey bestriding Fullager, thy grassy paddocks. Ominous of disappointment was that leap to ambitious Melbourne, for behold, the seat of Government moved not ! Hark to him, bark 1 Some hound unknown to fame picked up the first notice of dingo's whereabouts, and skirting the belt of saplings, rounding the broken wreck, dashing aside the night drops from dwarf imitations of May trees, sped the light pack, a moving organ or harp iEloian. Emerging from a break in the scrub like lover leaping from his Juliet's window into the muddy lane below sprung Wyn yard's gallant and, topping the fence in the wake of three Fitz Roy's and one Forbes. Far to the left over tempting lower rail rushed the too cautious whip and the goldenes of Commissioners and now before them is open ground, gently falling to the Domain, Dingo viewed, as he rushed into the scrub, the pack bent on a polka with the light fleeting form before them-the field in distances, the steeds at full speed, and your reporter daguerreotyping the scene on his memory It was racing all the way to Parramatta, four only of the field being up with the hounds-a check among the houses giving the case to those who had been gradually tailed off by the red coats. OLYMIUC Cincus.-Mr. Burton's training of a remarkably fine baboon is certainly a striking proof of the extent to which the command of man over the brute creation may be carried. So admirably does the animal both ride and act, that the great majority of the youthful audiences (to whom such on exhibition is, of course, a novelty) cannot believe otherwise than that the " Major" is of the human, and not of the monkey species. at JURY LIST, 1852 AND 1853 The Justices, will sit at the Central Police Office, George street and York-street, at noon to-morrow, for the revision of the Jury List. . I 