'Kfwer^lwJk^ft' Hiûwbtisli races if¿youhovo n çliauce of ;ridbijs;.' r . " '; ' ,1 : ' <" Never; enquire a In4y'« aço if tboro is the gho of a chanci^'of'her havhig'passod tho rubi« ( of thirty.., . . ,, - - Nover attach your Mme to 'a hill unless it bo i tito shape of a: receipt, liorer soy die. Xever advertise in the Empire if you havo « opportunity bf doing so in Jfeli'a Life. , O'ER TR CE - In the case of Eil war Thompson npprohondod on warrant for abscn: ing himself from'tho service of Henry Gerran Esq. of tho Richmond River, tho bench of mi ..¡str.Ues decided upon remanding tho dofendai to tho bench frein» whence tho warrant issued at tho samo limo intimating to his nttomoy. M <r. ll. Nichols, that it was open to him to nppl for-a writ of hibtat corput. Tho learned ail -vocato' curtly, repliod-"Yes, your worship that is all very well, but ns somebody sny<r, ' h who'travels on the. Parramatta road must pn the turn-pike.'" Tho defendant declined t find bail to proccod to the Riobmond : and M NicJiols applied for a copy of the proceeding with a view to tot the question of the vnlidit ¿of. tho warrant, which ho oontended was " nr f worth a button !" In reply to a question froi Mr.Uill as to bow be (Mr Nichols) would lia» .actod under similar circumstances, In that pat of tho country.-Mr Nichols said that ho shout bayo gone ".Kangaroo-ing:'' (Roars of laugh ter). .-Tho bench cousontod to bail tho prisono ? until Monday, Mr Nichols undertaking, in th ?moan timo, to bring.tho matter bofore a highe jurisdiction, f - \ TRAP.-One o ^üig paraient Indignos, on" Wednesday, not oui '«ufferbil a prisoner'to march deliberately out c tho "Pólioo-office dock, but literally had th courtesy to open tho door for his exit, and cooli. '. cnied after his retreating form, until nrouso ' iront his abstraction by tho indignant denuncia tíon of the-bench. This promising oonstnbu ? Iary official sports an embroidered Crown wit! .the mystic number 5 upon his collar. He is i rjiioe young man-very. ' V Tiie. MODERN, FALSTAFF'S REGIMENT oi BLOSS.-Taken as a body perhaps a moro un ofBccr-liko corps of constabulary was never pos sassed- by any city in either hemisphere thai that whose bead- quarters aro in Gcorge-strcol Sydney! . When on duty - during tho tranaactioi of police-office- business,'they aro Cnnstantl; hustling against each other, treading upon encl other's toes, vociferating " bush" in denfcniiij chorus, and miscalling the names of witnosso -in most inharmonious tones. When ono of tb awkward squad is called into the box to un bosom himself of hts "burthen of complaint, th chances aro fifty, to ono in favor of tho illogalit; 'of: the arrest of tho party accused, or the trivial ' ness of tho'chargo. A No. 15 collars au indi -ndual for presuming to speak above à whispc \- ia'tue public strcot.' ll No. 0 secures tho per '.'son of a victim, and enters tho ehargo upon tin f sheet ns "an assault on view ;" yet whon hi " comos to tho book and is sworn," lie doposo that he took the defendant into custody upoi statement' marlo by a man not present, to tin effect that the lnttor had been informed by sorai one who had heard another party say ho liai seen tho defendant assault Borne individual whi is non sst. Really this indiscriminate infringe ment of tho 'liberty bf the subject is a matte which calls for tho serious consideration of tin 1 Hend'of tko'Polico. If theso raw recruits, un- strained in mind and body, aro suffered to pa tro our streets with a carte blanche for tb« arrest o .any citizen who-, according to their crude no- tions of propriety, may ba exceeding the toga tether, it ls not to be expected that tho latte will passively submit to the degrading clutch o these - blue-toggod scare-crows, but vigorously and effectively,"resist tho unwarrantable insult , Lot tho men be drillod ioto sorao notion of theil duty, by their appointed officers, or tho pcoph . will give them a rough lesson or two which the: will not easily forget. [-_:'. LEGAL APPOINTMENT. - Mr Inspectai '.Wewin bas-been, pleased to.apnojnl E. O-.Cnry Esquite, attorney, solicitor,'.and proctor of Hei -Majesty's Supreme Couit of New South Wales to be 'adviser, ordinary. aniI;e5trnordiiiRry, to tin "Bench of .Justices in petty sessions assembled ..also,, book-beater to the profession generally and jackall in,wailing to tho legal Hons win share the police spoils, In particular. . A PUZZLER.-" Do you know, Charley I save a considerable., tum yearly by usinu 'wafers in place of sealing-wax." " Indeed that Is most extraordinary : 1 never before heaid of a man's income increasing by waxing les« A *;U ANOTHER STEP ON THE LADDER.-Wi .'learn' from good authority that Mr Johu Stirling Chief Inspector of Distilleries, ls to receive tl» appointment of Secretary to tho Denomination» Board of Education, and Agent for School one Church Estates, vacant by ' tho appointment oi Major. Christie as Postmaster General. THE RAKE's PROGRESS.-The Botany Gardens are in fall bloom. \- "A MISSING DOCUMENT "-The follow- ing letter was pioked up in the neighbourhood ol oar office. Wo presumo ¡thad boen rejected by the postal department ia consequence of the soo, postage not having been paid. It was ad- dressed by a genttoman very high in authority here, to tho Governor of Van Oiomon's Land ; -Dear Dennison, Ton aro aware that our mutual friend, Charles Cowper, tho redoubtable President of tho Australasian League, has, by bl*; Highness' proclamation convened a meeting of that-august body at Hobart Town. If you aro'at all afraid of him, you can oasily choke hl-a off: ' Offer him £300 a year as. Railway President, or any other office at your disposal of equal emolument.. . You will-find him as right as Hbo Bank which "was. never known to refuse an acceptance. - -You can iako bis mensuro to a nicety. Make him Superintendent or Comp- troller of Convicts. Ho would make a capital overseer of on iron-gang, or probation party, ns be has had extensivo experience in the manage- ment of prisonors.-Yours truly. BILL SIIAD DACK. * THE DRAMA.-The Bride of Lam- mermoor" adapted to the stage from the " Great Unknown's'' thrilling novel of that name, was played on Monday and Wednesday evenings. On the first-named night the house was crowded to excess, and Nesbitt, we are happy to say, gave unequivical proof of being "himself again."- Tho admirable fare of " Naval En- gagements" preceded the fall of the curtain on Wednesday night ; in our humble opinion this is one of the purest farcical gems ever produced on the .Victoria's boards. " NORMA" on Thurs . day drew an excellent house ; and if we must re-comment upon tho acknowledged beauties, and., tho superiority of performance of this opera we may fairly say .that Madame Sara. Flower's Norma, on this last representation Infi finitely exceeded In gracefulness of action her previous appearances ; in fact, we never saw her to equal advantage.-The relinquishment by Miss. Emily Griffiths (now Mrs King)- of hér theatrical engagement, for one of a more im- portant and permanent character, in which, we feel convinced, she will play the part of " A Model Wife" to admiration, cannot bo regarded otherwise than as a severe loss to the company. Our cordial congratulations even are mingled with a feeling of regret, which we neither care nor desire to, conceal. That she will play as graceful a part in the grand drama of " Domestic Life'' as she has hitherto done in the " mimic scene ." ls beyond a doubt ; and we have sufficient confidence in her amiability to feel assured of her indulgence in thus publicly expressing our sincere wishes for her happiness. MR S. H. S»KAROE'S LETTER THE SUB «cr or Co.xyiRSATiofr nsTWKsif TB« HodonADLX NUSKB ton I«B NoRTnUMnStLAVD BOBOUOUS, ASH MB C, H. CHAMSKRS, J .Pt Mr Chamhers-Bob, whoo do you Intend to sow ? your wild oats » Mr Nlohols-When Mr Simoon Henry** hemp '» "P. Tho subjoot then dropped. ' : piooBR (excited)-Gold at the Bark usu lound I Is'ttruet . Moons-Oh ! quito I ' . )of|'joowi-Tbe road lies somewhat towards tho Mponx-YouVe right.-' - ^ Exit digger. yAWo^uän^PbuczGKMi-^ta Thurs- day one /oí 'tlíe'ío' brilliant . ornament's: and" pro teetora "'of raociety. appeared to give bvidcbc< against a fomala »bom bo bail inhered ¡uto tb< dock.1 and when asked by thu bench tho nature of the. charge against the prisoner, this " brotl of a.boy" stated that ho had taken hor inte custody for " attempting to seduce a m in." Wno IS THAT?-" Who is that?' enquired a bystander of another, indicating tin silting magistrate for the day being-Mr C. II Chambers. " That is Lord Chief Justice Cham ,>ers."'.was the ropty. .* Lord Chief Justice ! Of whit Court pray?" .. Oh, the Court o Common Pleas." " Ah-yes, rory Common 1 should say." A COBBLING CON.-Why should a shoe maker promote the intrrests of hin youngesl child in preference to those ot the rider ones ! -Because a cobbler ought always to " stick ti hit tatt. ' . HAPPY Hon*RT Tows-The " Abou- kir'* had nearly Three hundred prisoners amongst whom was tho notorious Reeves, whe was placed in irons in tho shin for his outrageous and ruffianly conduct whilo on board. Oui local authorities have actually engagod thirty o these men to servo the gent'e public as pro- tectors of tho peace and public property, t< watch over wearied and sleeping industry, as guardian* of tho night.-Hobart Town Courier SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-Ott Wednesday last, na Mr and Mrs Marks wore proceeding to Sofala in a gig, tho horno bolted near Wy- agdon, and overturned tho vehicle, procipitatiuj both of them with considerable violence, to thc ground. Mrs- Marks, although not very dan- gerously burt, was seriously bruised and^mucl shaken. Shortly^aftor ttio 'oocuxreneo. Di M'Donald nt Mudgee, who happened fortunately to bo on bis way tb Bathurst^arrived at th« scene of the accident, and perceiving from Mn Marks' condition that it would be imprudent foi hor to proceed further on her journey, tcudorct his «ilvico and sorvicca to drive her back to Bathurst, whore «ho arrived after annthci enpstzo on n sideling pinch near Brucedale without, however, sustaining any further injury. Wo aro 'glad to state that sha is now doing well under tho treatmont of Dr Machattie. Bathurst Free Press. April 24. LOUISA CREEK NUOOBT.-A nugget ol gold from Louisa Creek, welshing 35 ozs. IS dwts. was purchased a few days ago by Mt Samuel, lt contains about 5 ozs. of quartz, leaving 30 nzs nott of gold. As a spooimen il is almost equal to anything yet produced. BaiAursr Free Press. April 28. INSPECTOR GBNRRAL OF NUISANCES; It is a remarkable fact that many porsons in this community will call our old friend out ol his proper name. Wo frequently hoar roared in tho street, tn the Court, and in tho Vico regal Palace, and occasionally in the City Halls, or at a Mayor's Pic-nio-" Where's Stubbs?'.' " Hero comes Stubbs," Ac, ito, " Stubby, my Boy," &o.; Wo give it, however, un undoubted authority that the family name of tho vonerablo I. of N. is pronounced ST Unes ; which fully accounts for tho ¿(tte Salt in tha old goutloman's Theatrical effu- sions.-Thero Is ono excellent trait in our re- spected friend's composition which has ovet prominently distinguished him in our regard, and to which, we doubt not, Mr Soft-soaf Allon will bear corroborative tostimony, viz. that in tba strict performance of his public du- ties, St (Ibes, though tho touderost of husband! and parents, is in no way given to tho melting mood. THE INSURANCE ON THE NELSON.-The following decision in a gold dust robbery in England, is important as bearing upon a late ' case nearor home -" Kornsouito v. Tu« KOVAI MAIL STRAM PACKET COMPANY.- Tho Attorney General, and "Mr Willis conducted tho caso foi tho plaintiff, and Sir P. Thesiger, Mr Crowder Mr Greenwood, and Mr Maynard, woro counso for tho defendants. This was an aotiou on thc caso arising out of the gold dust robbery, which as our rendors aro well aware, was committed or tho South Western Railway some months slnco As tho facts of this casi hive so often boon be- fore tho public ta the ahnpo af pot loo reports. Ii tho reporté-or tho trial of Famplin at Win- chester, nnd of another man nt tho Centra Criminal Court, it will merely bo neoossarj that we should now give an outliuo of tho' facts' in order to place nnr readers in possosslor of the natura of tho prcsont action. Tho do fendants cont rao tod to bring a number of boxei of gold dust from Panam!., and to deliver tho» in London. Tho number of boxos brought upon this occasion woro ¿S3, of willoh 11 bolonged tc the plaintiff. Tiloso boxes arrived safety al Southampton, whero they were placed upon a truck on the South-Western Railway. When at Winchester, tho train stopped about ten minutes, nnd hero it was tho robbery of threo of the boxes was supposed to havo boon effected. Whon the train arrived at Nino Elms, tho rob- bery was discovered. Tho present notion wa? brought by tho plalntlirs to recover from tho dé- fendants, tho value of. tho gold dust lost, about £3300. A varioty of points have been reserved for consideration of the court abovo:- Thc Lord Chief Baron, in summing up, told thc jury tint tho only question now left for theil consideration was, whether In their opinion tboro had been any negligence on the part ol the dofendants. . Tho jory roth cd for twenty minute«, nnd on tholr return gnvo a verdict for the plaintiff, scating, tl: S in their opinion thorc had not only been negligence, but a want ol sufficient caution." CONVICT BUSHRANGERS.-- A brief an nouncomont appeared ia yesterday's Herald, ot the capturo of four supposed convicts who had escaped from Van Clemen's Laud, and wore committing somo bushrangiug outrages ia thc Gipps Land and Western Port Districts. We may now state that ' they underwent a private examination nt tho Polico-office, yesterday, and have boen remanded for further evidouoo, Their names aro William Roso. Georgo Brown, William George Mathews, and Thomas Ward, They wore apprehended by some, troopers on Molloy's station, near, a place called " The Outlets." They aro supposed to bo four ruffians who escaped in a whaloboat from Tasmania, and their persons correspond with a description of tho fugitives received by tho police author- ities in Melbourne, from tho Chief Constable of Port Albert. It is also reported that thoy havo committed n series of robberies on somo stations in Gipps Land.-Melbourne Herald, April 22, PRIZE FIGHT.-The ." Flash " mob ap- pear to have caught tho polico nopppinir yester- day morning, as ;wo aro Informedjhat a, prize fight carno off "sbmowhore- on tifo" SaTF Wator River, near tho Raco Courso, between two Mel- bourne pugilist«, whoso names appoar to bo carefully concealed- They fought twelro rounds, and somo hoavy bets dopended upon tho issue. Between three and .four hundred persons woro present, and might be soon wending their way from tho scene of action about 11 o'clock, in cab" and on horseback.-Melbow ne Herald, April 22. A SUGGESTION FOR THE LEAGUE. -Since one very obvious course to get rid of Transportation is to send back some of Eng- land's felons to her own maternal bosom, we beg lo suggest to the League the propriety of placarding the streets of evrry .town lo the Colonies willi some such advertisements ss the following ( - " A capital chance for Convicts I Pees fur Prions 11 Bonuses for Burglars*,! ! ! Any money for Murderers under extenuating circumstances MM Wanted by the Anti Trsnspurtatron League, shout Twenty first-rate Felons, tu whom handsome premiums will be given, In addition to a free passage and »very thing that can addia the comfort of a THOROOOU SOOONOSBL during a voyage lo England. Per- fect liberty guaranteed upon arrival In Landon. N me need apply bul those who can show tes- timonials of lhuruu«hly had character, who have mastered all the different degrees of crime, sud established a reputation for desperate criminality. Alioeity, brutality, ferocity, and complete de- pravity-sre Indlspensabla qualifications. The candidates must have, an Intimate knowledge of gaol-lift*, and a" decided predilection far hand- cuff« and branding-Irons. .If with marks on the wrist aud ankle, and Illus- stripes on the back, so much the better. E^h candidate must have Mtved at least fourteen'y fats of compul- sory Government employment t and lt will be an especial recommendation If hs lina had ex- perience lu hanging. Gentlemen of the above description will hear of a first-rats chance by applying In,person to lbs S^tfretsry,''-/irpni, April 20, - ' ' '* ' * , vMüBCEB.--The Chinamen uamed Key- hing, Aying, ami Hysking,- wore ntacod .in the dock ,ot tho Polico-office, hnving^awLjijjnro 'hondoJ by Trooper Keating, on *:n|BHkf being concprnod in tho mordor of °'.ie3^|**fV fellow'Conntrymon, nt , tho beginning .çJBtho proseut month-about two railus from OTgln-. yong, on tho Melbourno r.iad. Anthony Colling, a constable belonging to tho police forco^pv Buninyong, deposed that tho throe prisorf^H woro suspectod of thc murder of o-io of tlt^P party in tim ahovo named locality, from the ciroumsiaiico of duding tho mutilated oorpso ol the murdered man, in ono of the gullies, and tho threo prisonorn, who woro proviously his companions, having find to Geelong, where they were apprehended on Saturday last» Ono of those men (Koyhing.) Mr Bel pcrrouil, <>f tho B;iiTa'>ool Hills, recognised as the man for whom a few days ago he obtained a warrant for his apprehension, ho hrivin-{ d^ campod from his farm ; and robbfd htm ot two or three fowling piooos. Tho Bench ordered the threo prisoners to bo transmitted to tho nuninyong Bench, for further examination. Melbourne Herald, April *J2 