THE EMPIRE. Fl tl DAV, NOVEMUKR ü(i, isr.2. THU MILITARY ITEM IN Til E Ed IT M ATES. WE havo several times, in our comments on tho .dobutes during tho former part of tho present session, mentioned that ¿610,000 a year would bo tho: least cost of tho two additional companies of troops which were to bo sent out to us. In thc now estimates the amount is put down at ¿612,140 los. lOd. After this statement wo cannot help fooling that all tho objec- tions wo havo raised against this thing rush back upon us with augmented force. Certainly tho Council must have been de- mented when it consented to sucha thing. There does not now appear, any more than nt first, a solitary reason for this thing, j Tt is a pure folly. Nobody dreams of an insurrection, or-a riot, or an invasion. Were cither to taho place, what could two companies of soldiers do in a country Uko New South Wales ? It is tho last degreo of absurdity to imagine that in any such contingency they would bo adequate to any effectual aid. Wo do not believe any thing of thc sort, and wc shall never bo liovo it till experience brings the convic- tion wo want. It is, and always has been, ono of thc crotchets of Governments, es- pecially monarchical ones, that military is nu indispensable instrument.of good order. How far reflecting statesmen really believe thi¡5, it is not for us to say : they protend it nt least. , But soldiors arc not-necessary to tho internal peace, of England and Scot- land, or of the United States, for the very rcaium that tho peoplo-aro too'busy, or too good-natured, or too wiso, to'frdl into such .disputes ns would require/ fire-arms, bayonets, and artillery to quell thurn. Evon Ireland, had it always been well taught and well employed and fed, would never have required military to heep it in tranquillity. It is bad govcrnniont aluno that niulccs nu armament neces- sary for tho internal quiet of a country. .Rebellion commonly, if not always, springs from oppression. Insurrections!, ordinarily owing to casual excitement, aro nevertheless tho offspring of wrongness of rulo. Hither there hus been , a studied suppression of popular right, or a negligent disregard of it, or a want of clear and well understood manage- ment. It may bo hid down almost as nn axiom, thnt in sonio way or other tho Go- vernment has been very decidedly faulty against which thc peoplo risc. Let tho people ho well off, anti taught aright, and tho innate fondness for placid enjoyment in human natura will surely bo thc best armament. "What havo tho peoplo to light for in New South Wales? And what disposition havo they over «bown to light ? Tho very idea is ludicrous. Tho only supposition cnn bo; that wo nvo to ' bocomu un imlopondunt nation, and thnt wo must fight an tho Amorioansdid to bu :%' J*»»'-». J *f--V- * jA'-M . ii'?«! ... come so.^WeXslînlljbecoino .on iiplepeiii, lieut nation ; of that there is no doubt. We ure fust becoming so by ft very na TuriUliiiiT'bloodless'"procès. Wa hove no idea that thc process will ever assume a sanguino liue. A singular proof has been shewn of the disposition even of thc British Government to concede independence even to a handful of men. Let tho render re- member tho Transvaal Buers. Is it likely tlmt wc should bo pestered with invading, ravaging, plundering, destroying armies in tho present temper pf the British nation ? Is there miy appearance on our part of a wish to provoke such au aggression ? Tho thing has not oven thc solidity in it of a ghost in a white sheet, the temporary terror and talk of a neighbourhood. What, then, let us ask, aro thoso two companies of Military to do hero ? Wo havo not tho slightest idea what they are to do, beyond amusing tho Governor General and Lis Staff with a fow evolu- tions, playing a few tuncV a week, anil then returning to .barracks to oat, drink, play, and sleep. It is not long ago that we read an article in tho United Service Gazette, in winch thc writer contended that no military ought ever to bo sent to Australia, who were intended fur ulterior service elsewhere. Ho stated it as a fact, that; after.having spent several years in Now South Wales, they had acquired too much of tho nonchalance of colonists, owing to their want of soldier like duty and discipline, ever to return to thc thorough military habit again. His con- clusion was, that only such military should be sent hither as it was designed to dis- charge. Now, if this representation be correct, or oven approaching to correctness -and wo actually rendit, as we must sup- pose, from a military pun-it appears to us that it would be far better to discharge these mon at once-for which perhaps in these golden timc3 they would be very thankful-and thus save a series of costs to tho colony, after tho rate of £12,Md a year. Truly, there.appears no reason why tins sum should bo paid for a more pageant, and this is nothing else. But there is a fondness for finery, til o world over, and it is not confined to women and children. Nor aro savages tlio only people that love to seo feathers stuck in each other's hair. The military dross attracts great fondness. Even a University, that '? peaceful thing, cannot bo oponed without this sort of gear. 80 wonderful is the power of this enchantment, that, even .? a civil officer, without military rank, must appear ns if ho had it. W hat is¡moro remarkable still, to honour a University, à'member of its Senate must doff tho very costume of tho office mid character in'which lie appoars, in order, to put on a military air. This is fondness fur finery with a witness. And so wo must conclude that this £12,lili 15s. I Od. is really to provide the Government of tho colony with a train of mon in livery, without colonial service or duly of any kind whalcrcr to do. That thc Government should have done a thing like this, we could not, however, be much surprised. It is a part of tho paraphernalia of office. Its uselessness lor any solid purpose is not taken into the account. But that our Legislativo Council, composed of grave and'learned senators, should have been caught with the idea of scarlet and facings is more tlmu wo could have believed. Let tho public, however, remember that they havo, to indulge this whim, thrown idly away .£12,MG a year of tho public mouey, and that ata time when every public work in tho colony is in jeopardy for want of means. In our opinion, tho charges rub too hard upon thc somewhat contingent " Ways and Means " to justify an extra- vagance of this sort. Tho "Ways and Means" are in great measure conjec- tural, owing partly to tho experiment of j tho new Tariff, and partly to tho singular position of, tho colony ; while the charges aro not conjectural, but fixed and deter- minate. Any overplus likewise, is already forestalled for years to como, by certain great public erections that aro inevitable. . In two years, tho cost of this military would have erected a hnudsomo Univer- sity, or all that was necessary for a con- siderable time of tho contemplated post office. As it is, tho money is foolishly wasted, and in tho end, not a single adviintago will have resulted from tho waste!. Wo must add, that those colonies will'nevor bc governed with military. Tho idea is Napoleonic, and it may bo , French, but it is ccrtuinly not English. 