Covicts from l NORFOLK ISLAND. -T he Sir Ro bert Seppings has been chartered to proceed to Norfolk Island for a draught of about 200 prisoners, and will will leave about the 5th proximo. Isgp~EPcoRS o, STOCK.-Mr. Kennedy Murray Ir" Walter Graham have been appointed 5Pctors of Stock for the district of Morven. COtLONIAt P}a5sONEs.-Mr. Murray moved n.tlhe New South Wales' Council for certain re turns relating to tile management, &e.;, of colonial prisoners, and taken occasion to comment upon the evils of the commutation system. Ile con sidered there was no certainty about it, and it was calculated to strike at the root of the administra tion of tile criminal justice of the country. In hils reply, tile Colonial Secretary made the following observatiolns:-" It would be remembered that I when this subject was brougllt under thie con sideratlon of the Ihoose during the last session of the Council, lie had alluded to a proposition of the government for establishing in conjunction with the colony of Victoria, Howe's island as a penal settlement for the reception of colonial prisoners of a Ilardened class, Since that time another suggestion had been made that this class ahonld be sent to Norfolk Island-the colonies paying the , cost of the maintenance and restraint of the prisoners. The government here had been in communlcation with the government of Van Die men's Land on tile subject, but from the tenor of tile answer recently received, lie had not much ground to hope thlat the arrangement would be carried out. The whole matter had, in fact, been referred to the Secretary of State, wliel would at all events cause very considerable delay ;" and speaking of the taskwork system-" The men at Cockatoo Island and at the gaol were divided into classes, and each had hi respective task set him, whether as a mechanic or laborer. Thlese tasks were not as much as they were physically able to perform, but something less ; and for all tile work tley did over and above this task, they received credlit in the sllape of a reduction in the length of their probation. When on a visit to Van Diemen's Land a few years ago, he had seen tlie.system at work there, and its operation was very beneficial; and it had also proved so at Cockatoo. The men had an object in working as hard as possible, because in doing so they would the sooner become comparatively free." A DAaING AND GALLANT Aor.--We have been favoured with an account of the gallant conduct and generous devotedness to a messmate's fate, which still distinguishes, as it ever distinguished, the British navy. From a full report of the cir cumstances, it appears that on the Oth March, on board the Trafalgar, 120, Captain Greville, when going very fast through tile water, and with a heavy sea running, a naval cadet, of the name of Sheepsllanks, fell from tile stern gallery. Mr. Skead, second master, who happened to be in the gun-room at thile time, hearing the cry of " a man overboard I" without hesitation leaped from tile gun-room port with a chair in hand, and imme diately swam in tile direction of his drowning shipmate. His intention was at the same time an ticipated by Mr. Lambe, a midsllipman of the ship, who sprang into the sea from the poop, a height of some 40 feet. A boat was lowered, but in the meantime the two gallant young men had reached their messmate, and succeeded in keeping him afloat till a more effectual aid had reached them. Mr. Skead was taken on board in a very exhausted state, but we are happy to say no lives were lost. \--Herald. LsoAr.--The temporary appointment of tile Solicitor-General as tile prosecuting officer in the Supreme Court has been revoked by the Lieutenant Governor. A CllrsTiAN ov A HuNDRaD TiOUSAND.-TIhe Caernarvon Herald says-" The death of the Rev. George Robson, of Erbistock, near Wrexalam, will cause a number of vacancies in this neigh borlhood, in situations which lie had held for a great number of years. It is supposed that, since tifs nomination by Bisllop Haseley, lie has raised £100,000 from the livings he held." That is held to be the best epitaph that most briely, most touchingly reveals to the contemplative reader the virtues that adorned him living, who now reposes below. The fewer the syllables the better. We know nothing of the Rev. George Robson ; nothing of the manifold excellencies that were, no doubt, lustrous in him while he dwelt in tile flesh. Still, our notions of the simplicity, the self-denying at tributes of christianity, as propounded in the New Testament (if not in the Clergy List), are some what shocked by the contemplation of that ecclesi astical monstrosity, called a pluralist. In the Hindoo Mythology we see all sorts of divinities hideously pictured. ; some with hlalf-a-dosen heads, others with a score of legs and arms; and these, monstrous as they are, we take to be the true signification- the vera efigies of a reverend pluralist. But surely the Rev. George Robson had only one head, two arms, a pair of legs I We suppose he would not have been a profitable in vestment for a sllowman, but was doubtless a mere simple biped, after the common fashion of bipedl humanity. How, tlien, must lie have been puzzled to fill a " number"' of ' situations P" With half-a-dozen heads lie might at once have preached hIalf-a-dosen sermons. With three pair of arms he might have held six books. There would have been something like a physical adap tability to his moral and religious duties; but as George Robson doubtless lived and diedl a plain man, how the poor churchman must at times have been puzzled by the plural calls upon his single ability I We had better leave pluralities to Vishnnoo. and, as christians, work in simplicity. However, touching the epitaphs of pluralists; they might lie made most instructive. For instance, we would have the principal line supplied by Doctors' Com mons. The will proved, we would have the epitaph run thius: " The Rev. Briareus Tithepir, Pluralist, died- , aged- , £100,000. Has not the last line as good as a hundred thou sand tongues, and each and all utteriug a warning and a moral P-Punch. FORAna AtLLowAtNe.-The rate of allowance in lieu of forage for the month ending 31st instant has been fixed at two shillings and tenpence per diem for each horge. ATraMVt TO MURDBR.-On Saturday last the neighborhood of Campbell.street was the scene of a brutal outrage and attempt to murder. It ap pears that James Weare, a waterman, residing there, had attempted to murder his wife by stabbing her in several places about the head, neck, &c.; I When taken into custody he did not deny that be had committed the offence, and gave up the knife to District Constable Simpson. He said lie had t been driven to the commission of the deed by the I misconduct of his wife, and since his confinement seems to wish to be thought insane. He stands remanded for further examination until Friday I next.-II. T. Courier. CnAPBL AT PORasT CasBK, - A Wesleyan Chapel has lately been erected at this famous gold digging locality, and is now open for public worship. It is built of slabs, with canvas roof, and is 33 feet by 17, with seats capable of ac commodating 150 persons. The Rev. Mr. Sy. monds and Mr. Chapman from Hobart Town, mainly erected it with their own hands. In the absence of the former gentlenman Mr. Chspman fulfils the ministerial duties. Twenty children assembled for instruction on the first Sabbath of the opening.-Colonial Times. CusroMs' STArlsTroa. - The following is a return of the trade and customs' revenue of the colony of Victoria, for the year 1851, being in continuation of the synopsis furnished last session of council. It is dated June 23, 1852, and printed in pursuance of an order of tie TAgislative Coun cil :-Duties on spirits £56,968 16s. 4d., tobacco £25.984 Ils. 2d., tea £1,046 Is. 10d., sugar £3,067 8s. 4d., flour and grain £3,709 9d., wine £2,776 Os. 8d., other articles £11,227 3s. Gd., entrance and clearance fees £1,028 15s., light house dues £1,215 15s. Id., wharfage £2,966 15s, Oi,, water police tonnage duty £908 16s. Od.; total -£111,578 lls. lid. Value of imports £1,058,437. Value of exports, £1,422,009. 'Tonnage of vessels inwards exclusive of coasters, 129,426 tons. Psincipal articles of exports, viz: Beef 1,391 tons, candles 338 cwt., cattle 6,281 No., gold 145,137 ozs., sheep 69,224 No., soap 1,100 cat., tallow 4,223 tons, wool 16,345,468 lbs. TRANSPORoaD PaRsoNtEas.-Mr. Nichols moved in the council of New South Wales,-That an address be presented to his Excellency the Gover nor-General, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be laid upon the table of this house-" I. A return of the number of prisoners under sentence of transportation now holding tickets-of-leave; distinguishing those who are under colonial sentences from those under sen tence of transportation from Great Britain or other phiaces: 2. A return of the number of ticket-of leave holders who have been reported to the sujierintendent of convicts to be absent from their respective districts without leave, distinguishing the districts from which such persons have so absented themselves." He believed this return would be very easily prepared, and he thought it was necessary that the council should know the number of these prisoners holding tickets-of-leave, and who were dispersed about in different parts of ,he country, and also those who were absent from the distrists to which they had been sent. He believed that it would be found that a very large proportion of the exiles, conditional pardon men, and ticket-of-leave holders, who had been sent by the British government to Moreton Bay, had absconded. In fact, he firmly believed that throughout the colony at the present time, where one ticket-of-leave holder was in his district, twenty were absent from theirs. Naw PassaNoans' BILL.-The provisions of the new Passengers' Amendment Bill being in some points of general interest, we take the heads. The act applies to all slips proceeding be yond Europe, if not mail contract steamers or vessels of war, and thie following arrangements are included :-Colonial land and emigration com missioners to carry act into execution. Commis sioners to appoint emigration officers and assist ants In the united kingdom for purpose of act. Governors to appoint in the colonies. Duties of emigration officers to be performed by officers of customs in certain cases. No passenger ships to be cleared without emigration officer's certificate. that the requirements of the act liave been fulfilled, or without bond being given to the crown. Pas sengers to be carried only on "- passenger decks." The number of passengers to be limited both by space and tonnage. All passenger ships to be surveyed. Berthing of passengers. Single men to be in a separate compartment. Berths not to be removed until passengers landed. Articles dangerous or injurious to health prohibited as cargo and ballast. Stowage of cargo and stores. Provisions and water for passengers and crew to be surveyed by emigration officers. Like articles for both to be of equal quality. Emigration officer may mark and direct bad provisions to be landed. Provisions to be issued daily before two o'clock,and such as require cooking in a cooked state. Emi gration commissioners may authorize use of alter native dietary scale. Return of passenger-money to passengers relanded. Return of passage-money if passage not provided according to contract. Sub sistence-money in case of detention. Stores to be re plenished when ships put back. Passenger rights in case of disasters at sea, &c.; Governors or consuls may send on to their destination shipwrecked pas sengers if the master of the ship fail to do so. Expenses incurred under the last two sections to be a crown debt. Passengers not to be landed elsewhere than the destination. Passengers to be maintained for forty-eight hours after arrival. Passengers tight of action preserved. Rules may be prescribed by orders in council for health, cleanliness, and ventilation. Copy of act and abstract of order in council to be kept and ex hillited on board. Sale of spirits on the voyage prohibited. No passage broker to act without a licence. Runners not entitled to payment unless authorised by a licensed broker to act for him, List of runners.to be sent to emigration oficers. MEssrs, IUPFP AND BALPFE.-At Mr. Unalfe's request we insert his letter to the Advertiser, Ihough the admlnision ofa eommtnicatlion atldressed to another journnal s out of the nusnal .coarse. There are positive averments on both sides, which can only be verified by a reference that consumes a year in tralismisaion. "Althojugh Mr. Balfo has no claim thus lidllrect'y oil our colunns, yet we do not hesitate to accede to himn-what we are ready to concede to our most virulent enemy apace for self-defence. We like fair play among all classes, anti when lie demands of literary mnen literary liberty lie omay expect it. Blndleonlmn does not appertain to their province, and in this respect they cannot reciprocate; int while In moderate terns lie states his case, we consider it would be wrontg to deny hims a hearing. A MAnTYR IN TIIH loriT CeNTnRY.-Inttel ligeneo Ihasrealched Amlsterdam that lM. Sell?tler, a young Dutch catholic ilissionlary ill Cochin China, has been put to death for preaching christianity. He was denoncned by the manndarins, arrested, bound hand and foot, conveyed. to the capital Hdi Fo, and condetmnied to death by a sort of jtdicial commission. He was hanged oni a very lofty gibbet. More tllan 10,000 troops attended tile execution, to prevent any hoslile demonstration on the part of the itinumerouls christrials of HIdn Fo. LEAP YEAR AND THE WIDOeW,-An aInusing circumstance Itas transpired at the Registrar's Office, Spalding, during the past week. Wm. Sntton, aged 50, a widower, went to give notice of Ills wish and intention to enter the hymenlial bonds with one Sarah Tomblint, a comely widow, 60\. On tile very next day, anlother widow, Caroline Benton, called to registrar herself as the intended bride of tile ideitical WIi. Sutton. Rather a hold stroke, although It is leap year. As tilhe law does not allow a brace of widows' to one widower, the fair dames are left to setli tsile knotty point between tlhemselves,-LinceRashire Chronicle. Ttiu JUNIus MYITERY.-It had been' my Intention to offer some observations upon sile still vexata questio of the authorship of Jultins, but having been given to.tunderstand thlat an article in tihe December number of the Quarterly Rericie would appear on the e.buject, and that a similar line of argulment with int own would be adopted, I tore up my notes. While; however, my prin. tern are waiting for " more copy," the lerieot in question Ilas been pinced in imty hands. I tilere see that the althllursllip is given to Lord Lyttelton, of ghost notoriety. InI assigning the letters to a imemnler of the Grenville family, the opinions of the writer are tinus far identical with Iny own. Perllalps when I have pernsed, mote carefully, the article in the "Quarterly," I may rchange my opinioon; but, at present, I am unwilling to col. sider these letters as the work of anll illdiidnal. In tile early editions of" Junius," tlle frontispiece represents bees hovering round a hive. Under. ieath are tile words, "Nos niumerals sasmus," a motto, intending (and as I conceive, with Iruth) to imply, that more tllan one person was concerned in tile production. According to my Ilypotllesis, George Grenville was not thlle author, but tle originlator, of tile Junius letters; that lie emnployed Mr. Charles Lloyd, Isis former private secretary, to convey the materials for the work to Mr. afterwards Sir, Phillip Francels, who dressed them up in his own language; and llhat, after Mr. Grenville's death, Lord Temple continued to sup ply matter to Francis thlrolgh thile meislinll of Mr. Lloyd, Illtil within seventeen days of tile latter gentlemen's death. Since that time no letter of Juniuls ever appeared ; a circumstance that may explain George the Third's observation to Gene ral Desagltiliers--" We shall hear nu Itsore of Junios."--Lord Albemarle. THE DIooGING AT rMouNT ALEX ANDER.--TIIuT as ou would inl Marchll last, you would see the tentills abllost craolmed together; now you see very comfostabable huts and houses, ibut not so many by far, as tents then. Instead of a want of water which thlen existed, yon now find that there is no scarcity wllatever-tlle creek runn1sing andt rising every dlay, and the claims being abandoned throigh the intrusion of that element. What a difference ill the roads too 1 In March a dray eonhl safitly reach here from MIelbourne, in a week at the outside; now a dray may start and doing their best wosld take a sontlh. or five weeks. Tile driver of one declared to me, that thoughl only a distance of thirty niles from town, it had taksen himn a fortnight to reacll tiere, and Ihere are numbers similarly situated, tile cause pllirely that of the bad roads. -Argus Correspondentt. SNAKES.--In this part of the Orinoco we re peatedly saw water-snakes swimming from one islanll to anotller; and in some instlanes they passed over the boats, to the great alarm of tile passengers but withollt attempting to do any mischief. They are of a light green color, 6 or 8 feet long, Land swim with ahllot a third of thlei body raised out of the water, propellig thllem selves rapidly along by the undulating miotion of tllheir tail. We are informed by the boatmen, that their prey conlsisted chiefly of water-rats and young birds. Tlhe patrons of the launches always endeavor to avoid sailing under the trees that overhlang the river, lest the mast mighit detarch some of the snakes from, the branlches. We treqentily saw nulmbers of them, exhititing the most brilliant colors, while basking in tile sun on the trees.--Campaigns in Venezuela. TIIE LIGHT OF NATURE.-Tieee ielebratedu David Hnme wrote all essay on tilhe siflicieency of tile light of nature, and the no less celebrated Robertsonl wrote oil tile necessity of revelation, and thile in?fficiency of the light of nttllrre. Hliume canme one evening to visit Robhertson, and thle Pvettlig was splient in conlversinig on thiPi sublject. The triends of bloth were upresent, allt?dt is siaid thait Iuobertson- reasonetl with ulaccsllstonled clear btess and power. Whether Home was convicted by his reasonings or not, we cannot tell, but at I any rate lie did inot acknowledge hii convictionos Stitle was very much of a gentleman, and as lihe was about to depart, bowed politely to those in tie room, while, as lie retired tllrougli the door, Rolbertson took the light to allow him the way. " O, Sir," said he to Robertson, " I find tlhe light of nature always suflicient; and." Ihe continued, " pray don't Iromble yonimself, Si,," and so lie bowed on. The street-door was open, and presently, along in the entry, lie stumbled over something concealed, and pitlrled down stairs into the street. Rnobertso ran after him witll a lilht, and as lie held it over him, whispered, " You had bietter have a light from above, friend Hume." Oneida L'elegrtrph. WVIKLrvi CHArPrL.-The WyclIff CRhapel in York.street, in connection with the Free Church of Scotland, has been duly registered for solemn. ising marriages therein, ,MELnoUnNO.-The Warata brings Melbourne pnpems of Tuesday last, but they contain little addiional news of ihterest. The two last escoart brought down respectively 17,523 and 20,027 ounces, the private escort 28.528 ounces. The robberies along the road to the mines continue.... Mr. Westgarth is saont to introduce a hill to in corporate the Mount Alexander Railway Company ....For the future, the prisoners under long sen tences are to be nonfined to the new hulks for the periods of the sen'tences....A mercantile honsie in Portanil, a llichi ha-l purchiased some receipts for gold of two men, hall been defrauded of a large Amount of money In ennseqlenlre of the hbai for which the receipts hald been given, being found to contain shotl only....The great mail steamer was expected to arrive in a few days. The Dalihnusle from London, which was supposed to'lave brought late English neas, arrived on Monday.. ..At tihe diggings some very heavy showers had fallen, in consequence of which the diggers are abandoning their boles, being unable to work them, through the water coming in so fast. A great many are going to Melbourine. One man had been shot in his, tent, and two others were killed by tile falling in- of holes. 'noPrAL ExosrcANs.-The company for the esta l;lisllment of a Commercial Exchange, at Hobart Town, have taken the premises formerly occupled as tihe Dernent Bank, as a temporary Exchange. FIN?oAL ROADs.-A meeting of persons residing between Avoca and the Eastern Coast is advertised to lie held at Fingal. on Monday, the 9th August, to .decide as to tihe expenditure of tie dog money on tle roads of the district. 'CARELEtss Datvtru.--On Thursday afternoon, as ascab which hai d been conveying tile Warata's passengers from the wharf, was coming up Charles street empty, thle driver, who was tipsy, fell from his seat, and the liotses, feeling tilhe reins under their fe, t, galloped down the street, but -were fortunately stopped at the " Wilmot Arms," without any mischief having been done. nsUBTITUTa FOR TRANssoaTIAoN.-A London paper informs us that " some while ago we called attention to the experiment in progress at Dart moor, one of tire Royal Forests, with the view of employing convicts at home in reproductive labor. We are happy to olbserve that tihe establishment is still favourably reported of. There are at present 1,200 men in tihe Dirtmoor prisons, and 300 more aill be added as soon as the cells can be got ready for them. There is abundance of employment for thIe men, and they are found to continue in good -lealthh. All the hills behind the prison have been trenched, and are now being planted with the hardiest kind of firs. A tank has been erected in 'the prison, from which can be thrown liquid manure to tihe top of tihe hill. The experiment of growing flax has proved so completely successful that the government intend to take in one thousand acres more for its cultivation. Colonel Jebb, on his recent visit, surveyed some of the estates in ihe neighbourhood, with a view, it is supposed, of finding.increased means of employment for tlhe convicts. Tihe system, we are informed, bids fair to remove all difficulties with regard to transpor tation, as well as effect an immense saving in tihe national expenditure." RsvasvRu OF VIcroarA.-The comparison of tihe past with the second quarter of last year is very striking; the increase on tihe general re venue being 273 per cent., or nearly three fold ; and that on tie crown revenue 212 per cent., or more than twofold. The sums stand thus :-Qumarter ended June 30th, 1851, £123.888 13s. 3d1. Quarter ended June 30th, 1852, £285,036 8s. 2d. Increase £161,167 14s. 1hid. Thlis increase is 231 per cent-nearly two and-a-lhalf ti.Mes tihe amount. But there is yet due of tle past quarter a sum of £83.114 2s. 1 id. on account of gold li censes and land sales received during tihe quarter, but not paid in before it terminated. This item will swell tihe next quarter's account. The sum received for goll licenses during the quarter was £114,307 5r. 2d. NATURoE'S GENTLEMBr.-The Indians are great imitators, and possess a nice tact in adopting the customs and manner of those with whom they as sociate. An Indian is Nature's gentleman-never familiar, coarse. or vulgar. If lie takes a meil with you, he waits to see how yon make use of the implements on the table, and the manner in which you eat; wllich lie imitates with a grave decorum, as if lie had been accustomed to the same usages from childhood. He never attempts to help him self, or demand more food, but waits patiently until you perceive what lie requires. I was per feetly astonished at this innate politeness, for it seems natural to all Indians with whom I have had any dealings.-Life in Can ada. MeoCHANICo' INSTITUTB.-Tile Rev. Mr. D'Em den's lecture has been postponed until Thursday next, in consequence of the unfavorable weather. Tus GOVeaNMsNT Boor BOAT,-Yesterday, a third-class lpassholder, named Henry Watson, be longing to the marine department, was brought before the police magistrate, charged with"' wilful mismanagment of work," in getting the govern ment buoy boat on a reef at Sandy Bay, on the 14ith instant, where she went to pieces. It appeared from the evidence of Mr. Vivian, a pilot, that the prisoner was left in charge of tle. boat, in Lagoon Bay, and that, without having received any orders for doing so, had. set all sail, and carri"il the vessel into Sandy Bay, where ,she goton aereef. and was wrecked. Wlen asked why lie had weighed anchor without orders, the prisoner said he did not like being left alone " like a pilgrim." He was sentenced lo be imprisonet and kept to liard labor in chains for a period of nine months. It will coast the government between £300 and £400 to replace the vessel. PAwrNoaoKaE's LroaNsE.-A license, to carry on the business of a pawnbroker, for 12 months, from the 13t11 instant, lias been issued to James Matthews, Wellington-street.. I.IacNsi?N Manit?I. - The fourth quarterly licensing meeting will lie held on Monday next, and at Longford on the same day. EXTRA PILto.-Mr. Daniel Phillips lias been appointed an extra pilot on the.river Tamar. STEALeNo A PosT.-A man .named Thomas Anderson, was charged with stealing a post from the premises of Mr. C. N. Campbell. The charge was brouglht under one of Peel's acts, and Ander son was fined £4. VALrUABLE TOWN PRtoPEnT.-We. are re quested to notify that Mr. WVeedon will sitnntito ptiillo colmpetition, onil Mondlay next, upon- the premises, those extensive and highly deslrable business premises in St. John-street, blelnnghig to the estate of the late Johln Gore, Erq. They are well worthy the atteintion of capitalists. POnTLAND BAY.-The wool shipped from. lisl port forlthe plresent year will not lie less than 8400 hales. There is every prospect of its retach ing a tmuclh higher figure next sear. One of the merchants in Portland has offered to the settlers in the new country to have viessels next year at Guirchen Bay, so as to bring their wool thience to Portlandl, anld alilpply them with stores at that port. This woull save them a considleralledistl. lance of land carriage, and it would lie much more to their advantage to send- their wool from Guielhen Bay to Portland than to ArlelHide. Portland Guardian. SvnNE?.-The Warata left Sydney on 'the 17th instant. The price of gold fluctuated Con siderably during the week-it opened at 66*. for Victoria, which fell oil arrival of the Warata to 6ils., and sales were made yesterdaly .of .thiis quality at 04s. ld. The Tnron ani oilier qualitiex sold at O64.....The Shamrock took down 2T,000 sovereigns to Melbourne, and the Waratah 40,000, making a total of 67,000 already left this month. ....Mr. Robert Lowe (late of Sydney) has annouinced his intention of standing for the borough of Kidderminster in the next parliament. ..The Herald says:-We have the gratification of annonuncing that intelligence has been received from Wagga Wagga, and that the reports of the loss of life, were, as we anticipated, without foundation. There was great distructinn of pro- perty; tint the providential warnlirng of the ati. proaeh of the flood, enabled the inhahitants to get to places of safety before its arrival.....The rage for gold seeking in Victoria prevails as widely as ever.....The abolition of the Sydlney.corpora. tion was projected : a coimmilttee of the L,'uialative Council was sitting on the sulbject.... Business was dnll ....It was proposed to establish a Zoo logical Garden. CnowN LANDS.-The total numbler of aeres applied for since the regulations of Ist November were issued is 411,800. Tile GLUT OF GOILD.-It Is stated on very good authority, that int order to stimulsllte the cir colation of gold in this country, it is intended to limit- if not altogether stop-the future isste of £5 notes from the Batik of Enigland. Should this plan lie carried out, the liptlic will lhaie to use more bullilon itn small money tranisactiouls than is at present customary. Some tuntes of olther dent minations will, it is stated, also ie more linmited in niumber tlau Ilitherto.-Daily News. COLONIAL BisaHOP.-Mr. Gladstone has just brought in a bill to relieve hishllos in the colonlies in communion with the establisled church, and the clergy and laity in communion with theml, from legal oaths and disatbilities affecting the management of their church affairs. The bill provides that bishops in Canada, New Brnaswick, Nova Scotia, Newfotndland, Prince Edward's Island, the Cape of Good Hope, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Van Dietmen's Lattid, and Western Anlatsalia, may meet together from time to time to.make all such regullations as may beheld necessary forthebetterconductof tlheir ecclesiastical affairs, bit they are not in any case to impose temporal peunlties.-Sunday Times. STO?K SALEs-We are requested ,by. Messrs. Bell & Howe to call attention to their sale by anction of Mr. Fry's dairy herd, oil Wednesdlay next, when those who really require good cows may he sure of meeting with thenm; and to the stock sale at Deloralne, on Tuesday next, by the same auctioneers, when 2,500 fat and store sheepl, twenty fat cows, and several pair working bullocks will be submitted to the hammer, BANKING.-To f te Editor.-Sir,-Allow me to call your attention to three items from the return (published officially) of the Union Bank, and which you have omitted in your observations upon your " text" upon banking, in )our last number, viz.: £ s. d. Gold and silver coli in hand.. 81,045 15 11 Gold daut iurchased ........ 1,170 15 8 Bank premises (property).... 8,270 0 9 £00,400 0 II1 These will somelwhat effect the data and concin alona sasnmed, although lnot, of course, the object for which the article was written.-Yours truly, July 30, 1852. J. G. J. ExPBNDITUitB.-The total expenditure of the colony for the year 1851, was £143,188 1i. Id. PUBLIC Houses.-There are 154 pnhlle hconses in Hobart Town, and the amount paid for licenses is £3850; there are 5 Ipublin houses- in Laun. ceston, the amonunt paid for licenses being £1375. CouNCI, PAPBen.-We have received the draft bill for the governance and preservation of the ports and regulation of shipping, the report onl.the tariff, the new dock.bill,.the estimates, and variolus returnls. GAn'DBs?ins' SocIETY.,-Tle anual committee meetingl of this society will be held on Tuesday evenillg,. Taue fMAIL.-The nmailt from HubarL Town con tinues to arrive srveral, hmour after time, cansing coilsideralrle i;iconvnience. its late arrival to-day, prevents our giving the usual iHobairt Town news. 