Our Wizard's Glass. In the year 1862 Mr Piddington will be Lord Mayor of Sydney for tho third timo.-Sir Brash Pad Fox, groat grandson of tho groat Charles Fox, will bo Master of tho Fitzroy hounds.-The streets of Sydney will be lined with gold ; the people's pockets will not. Mr S.A. Donaldson will feel less pleasure in tin mirror, moro in tho wino- glass.-Mr Coun- cillor Thomas will grace tho foot of a gorgeous tomb-stone whereon will bo engraven a record of his extraordinary municipal services. Doctor Tierney will have effected his long and critical passage through Torr (his) Straits. Parkcsennery wi" take a drive to Tarban Creek, «nd-not back again.-MrTJnder-Shoriff Prout ' will re-subscribo to Pell's Life.-Tho gallant Colonel of the Xlth will halt more conspicu- ously than ever.-Somotbing will happen in Sydney ; or if not it may daily bo expected to. -Tho erection of tho Cathedral will bo pro- ceeded with-Mr J. K. Heydon as a candi- date for the Chamber will pledge himself to the constituency.--Mnny persons now upon the turf will bo boncath it.' -The first subma- rine telegraphic despatch from London will be received in Sydnoy.-Tho Victoria Theatre will bo blown up by one Stubbs. ? The Chief Justice will lose himself in the Hyde Park Laby- rinth.--The dignity of a pier will bc conferred upon a Sydney Covo.-Slr Merewether will be appointed Stipendiary General with an in- creased salary of £S0UO per annum.-The editor of tho Bathurst Free Prest in a flt of temporary abstraction will nnnounco his own de- cease, and resuscitate himself in his next issue. -Old Jorrocks will expire-A dreadful ac- cident will happen on tho Sydnoy and Parra- matta Railway-not at tho terminus.-Ba- ker's Go-a-head Almanac will foretoll rain. The Inspector of Hackney Carriages will be cab-aged.-Tho ox-presidont Louis Napoleon will open a Civet Cat Depot ia George-street. ——Dinner in celebration of the acknowledg- ment of Australian Independence will be held at the Golden Kangaroo Hotel, Wynyard Crescent. \--Tho memory ot the City Council will bo \- drunk in solemn silence in Daniel's Stores. Doctor Lang will announco his intention to pub ; lish a manifesto, explanatory of his leave-taking of New South Wales, and in* endeavouring to raise tho wind thereon, will bo blown upon. Mr Goorgo Wilkie, aa old and respoctcd colo- nist, will accidentally become entangled in ono of bis gigantic bakery machines, and be con- verted into dough-boys.-:-The ciX volume of Callaghan's Acta will be published.-The South Head having a great pano in it, tho viow therofrom will be considerably improved. A lawyer will pay his newspaper account ! A dense lead mine will bo .? discovered in the vicinity of the, Sydney Morning Herald Office -supposed to have oxisted there for years. The Rev. W. B. Clarke will discover what ho pronounces to bo a vano of gold on tho cupola of tho Police-office.-Mr Alderman Wilshiro will find himself not worth a tanner.-Tho ghost of Mr Samuel Lyons will appear to lils successors. Mr John Rose Holden will rido with a plain bit. Tho proprietor of one of the largest Sydney Hotels will fall-a tlok-lush affair.-A curious gamo of dominoes will be played at tho Venetian Casino. A plain slab with tho letters A.T.II, deeply out thcroin, will be found at the Cross Roads.-Plumb-pud- ding abolished for various raisins.-A sprig of th« old English Goose-Börry will bo found nt Crow's Nest.--Tho member for Bathurst, Dice Sombre Esquire, will resign his scat in the . Chamber.-:-The match that struck tho '* hght of other days" will bo presented to tho Sydney Museum. A Go*d-Commissiotior will bo seen in mofti.-Tho freedom of tho Pross will bo ia danger; no person allowed to pass stric- tures--not even tho doctors.--Immi grants will bo allowed a free passage--a great bonus.---MAUMAOE II« Ilion Lira The proprietor of tho Sydney Light-house will enter into tho holy bonds of matrimony,-A borrowed umbrella will be returned. Enry aloran will be created Poet Lnuroato to tho Pre- sident,-Chnsnrpur's trial Ode being pro- nounced odious.-Tho University College Bm, will bo duly honoured_Mr Norrio will bo called in, to prosorlbo for Sir Richard Bourke's statue, suffering from a long standing complaint,--Mr M Evoy will obtain a patent fer a newly invented springo for catching heirs, and another for dressing their skin«.-Moseley ilost, Esquire, will not bo ros* to tho commis- sion of any pleoo but ono of absurdity.--Tho anniversary of tho Ueit-rootlng-out will bb cele- brated by the Water Folleo Magistrate at a grand feast of butthor-mllk and praties at Gar- ryowen House.-Strap Oil will bo manu- factured by ,\\.r Ex-Alderman Brown, who will lud. himself saddled with hil tho costa of tho discovery.-wMr J. J. Cohen will npply for, ,aod obtain, leave to chango ono of lils first .names from Joel to Jewel.--Mr Flood will M re-admltted into tho ox-Vlco-rcgal resi- dence-then known as tho PKINDXN PALACB. .---Tho Proprietors of Uelfs Lift in Sydney will retire, (having each realised nn In-; corns of about £100,000 per annum) to tnolr" . teat ibo ex-Government llouio, whloh will w presented to thom by the Prosldent of ' tho ? Australian Republic In acknowledgment qf their .nnOinohing and patrlotio advocacy of tho llbor . «et of. th« country. , , . 