MIXED EDUCATION IN BELGIUM. REFUSAL OF MASS OF THE HOLY GHOST TO THE MIXED COLLEGES. (From the Tablet.) The Cardinal-Archbishop of Malines has addressed to the Journal de Bruxelles a letter setting forth the reasons which have decided him to withold from the mixed colleges per mission for opening the session with special Mass of the Holy Ghost. The following is a translation of the letter, which will place the reader in possession of the facts on a question of such great Catholic interest : — v Malines, Oct, 26th, 1851. Mr. Editor of the Journal de Bruxelles — I had fully decided on not replying to the unjust and passionate attacks which have been made on the Clergy by some journals, on occasion of the refusal of the Mass of the Holy Ghost for the re-entering of the classes in the establishments of public instruction. Such attacks are nothing new to us ; we are accustomed to them. Besides, on this occa sion, as on so many others, your journal has victoriously defended the cause of religion and of iruth. But since the Momteur has reproduced * a discourse pronounced by a public functionary on the inauguration of a government college ?[athenaeum], in which this act of the spiritual authority is loudly blamed, I consider that I am no longer per mitted to keep silence. I beg you, there fore, to have the goodness to publish some explanations on the measure which has been taken relating to the Mass of Holy Ghost. Every year, at the re-entry of the classes several educational establishments addressed themselves to the Cure t)f their parish to obtain a special Mass of the Holy Ghost. Among these establishments there were some the organisation and direction of which ' was wanting in a religious point of view, and those public prayers of the Church were sometimes demanded, not so much from a true spirit of religion^ as to give the establish ments the appearance of a piety which did not prevail in it, and thus. to obtain the confidence of ill-informed parents. Uuder these circumstances, the Cures were often in doubt as to the conduct they ought to pursue, and Ecclesiastical dicipline made it a duty for me to trace for them a precise rule on this subject. I therefore, by my circular of the 23rd bf September last, established that the favor of a special Mass of the Holy Ghost could not be accorded except to schools or colleges in which the necessary care was bestowed on religious instruction and education, under my authority and my direction, or under that of the Cure of the parish. ' Clim superioribus annis scepe arta sint dubia circa celebrationem missaruru quce initio anni scholaris peti solent a rectoribus collegiorum seu scbolarum ad impetrandram opem Spiritfts Sancti, ideo statuendum duximus ut ejusmodi misses in posterum celebrentur pro solis collegiis seu scholis in quibus sub nostv& seu parochi \ozi auctoritate et directione juvenes doctrinft et moribus Christianis riie informantur.' Such 13 the text of my circular. This rule is in perfect conformity with the principles of the Catholic Church, and if it had only been applied to private schools doubtless nobody would have taken the trouble to combat it; but as the application of it was made to the colleges which have been organised in virtue of the law of June 1st, 1850, people have thought proper violently to attack it. Nevertheless, the Clergy could not act in any other way without failing of their duties it is true that in previous years they have celebrated special Masses at the opening of the terms of the colleges, although in some localities there were deficiencies as regarded religion. The Clergy herein gave a new proof of the moderation they always know how to show when their duties allow of it. But after the publication of the correspon dence of the Minister of the Interior with the Episcopate, such a concession became impossible. This publication rendered the feults of the new system of public education so patent, that any co-operation whatever on the part of the clergy would have implied the most manifest inconsistency. It has tsuinrlif nil P.nlrri tirn tViaf fliio n--ftn»« ^-ffVi-o. no real guarantee as regards religious principles, and that^ after the explanations of the minister, the new colleges are constitutionally and legally mixed establish ments, 'and that, therefore, they capnot be Catholic. Thenceforward, how could the Clergy give their approbation to these establish ments, lend them their support, by con tributing to their installation by a Mass of the Holy Ghost ? This religious solemnity would not have been a simple concession ; it would have passed with reason, in the eyes of the public, as the most formal and most striking approval which the Clergy could give to the system which people are endeavouring to make to, prevail in public instruction, and against which the Clergy are forced to protest. A he refusal then, to celebrate the Mass of the Holy Ghost is a consequence so necessary and so legitimate from that system, that every reflecting and well-informed man ought to have 'expected that measure. Besides, it involves nothing unusual ; as very often special Masses are refused to associations against the acts of which the Clergy are obliged to protest. It is not the first time that the Belgian Clergy find themselves under the necessity of refusing their concurrence to establish ments of public instruction, and what passed under the Government of the Netherlands is not yet forgotten. When the philosophical college was erected for' the' instruction of young clerks contrary to Catholic principles the Holy ⅇ ordered the Clergy to hold themselves passive — that is to Bay, not to do any act that might be regarded as an approbation of that establishment. Now, that is precisely the rule which the Clergy have followed, and which they ought to follow, in refusing the Mass of the Holy Ghost, under present circumstances. In a country lite ours, where the liberty of wor ship is established, can there be anything more unjust than making a complaint of ???— — »T—— ? ———?pa*— mmut; ?'? ?' ' Lhis ? When the question was to obtain the concurrence of the Clergy for the 3xecution of the law, the right of holding iloof (s'abstenir) which they possess, was made much of. Is the refusal of the Mass of the Holy Ghost anything else but an act of ' holding aloof? The refusal, then, is legal and' constitutional. It is besides' accompanied by no circumstance that can wound either the establishments which are the object of it, or the civil authority. Therefore there could not be, in the eyes of any impartial man, any plausible reason for criticising it. I will not pause on the reproach which has been laid against the Clergy, of having refused the prayers of the Church asked on behalf of children. The Clergy make it a duty to pray for all the classes of society, and the youth in particular are the object of their pious solicitude. But it is one thing to pray for young persons, and ano ther to do a public and solem act which would imply an approval of a system hurt- ~ ful to youth. The' well-understood interest ' of that cherished portion ef our flock requires - of us to do the one, and absolutely to abstain from the other. 'In order to render the Clergy more odious, they have endeavoured to show the inconveniences which must arise from the refusal of the Mass of the Holy Ghost. But the fear of those inconveniences could not authorise the Clergy to do a wrong act j and* conseauentlv it is not: to them that these inconveniences ought to be imputed. I think it my duty here to repeat what I said to the Minister of the Interior in my letter of May 15th last : — ' We are only too well convinced of these inconveniences, and when we join them to so many others which we could signalise on our side, we are terrified at the . evils with which Belgium is menaced, if the law of June 1st, 1850, should be' executed ' in the manner in which you understand it. If it depended on us to dissipate the afflict ing prospect which presents itself to our eyes, no sacrifice would cost us anything 5 but it is manifest that this danger does not arise from our acts, and that it is not in our power, to make it disappear. We admit that if the government does not remove the obstacles which stand in the way of our concurrence, the most distressing con sequences will result to our country ; but we shall. at least have the consolation of hav ing done all we can to avert them, and we will decline their responsibility with so much the more confidence that our con duct in this affair has been approved of by him who Js the born guardian of the religious and moral interests of Catholic nations, and whose judgment in question of religious instruction and education is law for all the members of the Church. I hope that the journals which have censured the conduct of the Clergy, or have reproduced the documents in which that conduct was blamed, will be so good as to publish the present justification. 13e pleased to accept, Mr. Editor, of the assurance of my high consideration. Engelbert, Cardinal Archbishop of Malines. 