(©itfltnal CorresSponBence. As 'the People's Advocate, our columns will be open to all parties, but we by no means identify ourselves with the opiuions of our correspondents. STATE EDUCATION FOR THE CHILDREN IN THE BUSH. Secom) Series. No. 13. 44 A little learning is a dangerohs thing; ,i , Drjtak deep, or taste not the Pierian spring : For scanty draughts intoxicate the brain, But drinking largely sobers us again." To the Editor of the People's Advocate . Sir,— " Give to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teaoh a just man and he will inorease in learning." Literally, give to the wise, and he will be wise: Whatever yon give to each, from it they reap benefit. They sire like the bee, they extract honey from every flower. They enter into counsel, and are not content with superficial knowledge on any snbjeot, where any thing deeper may he attained. They go by the streams to the fountain head ; look Into the principles on which they are founded ; investigate their nature, examine their properties ; acquaint themselves with their relations, connexions, influences, and uses. And this is what we should teach our children to do. To see the skill, power, wisdom, and goodness of God in themselves, and in the whole creation. When they have learned all within their reach, they will be satisfied that they know but little of the manifest wisdom of God, Sir Isaao Newton was once complimented upon his attainments, and the wonderful discoveries which he had made ; but he excused himself, saying — " I know almost nothing, and am only like a boy who has been to the shore of the sea of knowledge, and while on it, I have picked up a pebble or two, merely to show that I have been there." The purest draught of knowledge which we can provide for our ohildren or ourselves either, is like wine largely mingled with water, for God will hide pride from man. He dwells only on the surface of philosophical, literary, and religious learning, who does not perceive and feel that he is but a mere child in knowledge ; that he sees through a glass darkly ; that be perceives men like trees walking, and that there are lengths, breadths, depths, and heights, in the works and ways of God, which it will require an eternity to fathom. ' His ways are pastfinding out " for as the heaven is high above the earth, so are His ways above our ways, and His thoughts above our thoughts" Here below the pure wine is mingled with water ; but that is God's work. Still there is enough to do, and the genius, perseverance, and industry of man is largely rewarded in every walk of scientific inquiry. . The moderns, have made many great and important discoveries in science, which were unknown to the ancients, but still there is much that requires to progress, and more to be perfected. We have had the steam engine, the railroad, and the steamboat. We have a thousand and one discoveries and improvements in every department of scientific and mathematical art. Now every educated man sees himself a member of' one vast civilised society whioh covers the face of the earth, and no part or portion of that earth is indifferent to him. As a body, this large portion of civilized — tl at is educated man enjoy comforts and conveniences wbioh even kings did not enjoy some centuries ago. They are well housed, well clothed, and in general well fed too : — they have post- horses carrying their correspondence ; editors and printers who regularly send them an account of what is going on throughout the world ; they have books by which they can become acquainted with the men of every age, and may be transported to any period, and to any'time ; and, for their individual satisfaction, they may have the men of any epoch act over again the most renowned of their .exploits: the, historians recite, and the poet sings for them 1 Improvement in every department of scienoe and art is looked for and hailed with pleasure when it appears; but every effort to educate the people', or to improve their education is regarded by the priests, especially, and their craft as an innovation— an encroachment upon their domain— a poaching upon their preserves. If ignorance is not now openly professed to be the mother of devotion, with them, they at least act as if they had a vested interest in it, and so they try hard to hold down the public mind, and to tie it to all their exploded theories in theology, and the dogmas of the sects. Where they cannot longer restrain the march of progress, and improvements in the course and mode of education, they set up preposterous claims, and -wish to guide. But when the blind lead the blind both will fall into the ditch. These men and their craft have been the curse and the reproaoh of every age. They are the drags, the clogs, the hin- drances to the advancement of the human mind, and they have most effectually prevented the benign influence of Christianity from hitherto developing itself. This is the rule, and the exceptions are only found few and far between in such men as Bishop Fenelon, Dr. Chalmers, and our own Dr. Lang. " What was the condition of our country" asks a. popular writer, " in the time of the Romans?" Look back and oonsider : its ancient tribes were brave indeed, but savage, fishing in its waters, or hunting upon its mountains — their bodies painted, in all the fantastic colors of barbarism— their minds still more disfigured with the stains of cruelty, impurity, and falsehood— the slaves of Druidical Idolatry — bending the knee to some demon— holding their wives as the slaves of their caprice and tyranny — sacrificing their children, whom God had given them, at the shrine of the Devil! What is our country now ? Its inhabitants are settled in civilized and domestic life — the sciences cultivated — the arts advanced — Industry all astir — the fields moving with heavy corn — the most ingenious manufactures produced — the human inteltect acknowledging but one God, the FATHER, Son, and Holy Ghost, all-gracious and mighty— tyranny over the fair abolished — and the cruel immolation of ohildren altogether unknown. " How has this wonderful change been produced ? By the revelation of Jesus Christ. Human society will no doubt of iteelf make some progress towards civilization ; but civilization without Christianity is barbarism and wherever there is real Christianity, there the people will be as highly educated'as possible. " Is China civilised, with her infants exposed to the dogs and the vultures ? Is Hindostan civilized, with her widows self- immolated with the bodies of their deceased husbands, on the banks of the Ganges? Are Mahomedan countries civilised, with their females kept in almost constant confinement, and made the subjects of the most intolerable oppression ? In none of the countries where a false religion prevails, can you ever find the mind in that healthful condition which is necessary to the performance of anything that is truly great or noble ? Even the much extolled notions of antiquity, although they exhibit the grandeur of intellect did not exhibit the grandeur of morals ; and it is the union of the two which alone can elevate man to that dignified station which his nature was intended to occupy. It is the Gospel of Jesus Christ which has softened the human heart, saving infants, and widows, and parents from premature death, and the female sex from bondage. It is the Gospel, which emancipating man from the slavery of false religion and thus communicating a right direction to his intellectual and moral - energies, has become the parent of ingenuity, industry, learning, and happiness. Search the annals of the nations of anti- quity, or of any country to which the Gospel is a stranger, and where among them do you firid any provision for the poor, any asylum for the destitute, any lazarhouse for the sick, any refuge for the penitent profligate? But see these monuments of the spirit and genius of Christianity, scattered over Christendom — these trophies of her viotory over the selfishness, or thoughtless ness or cruelty of human nature ! Were an anoient Greek or Romao, wrapping himself up in his scattered ashes, to rise from the dead, and to demand a proof of the blessings shed on Britain by the Gospel, I would point to our hospitals, to our infirmaries, to our penitentiaries ; I would lead him to inspect our societies for clothing the naked, for visiting the sick and the destitute, for relieving the poor." 1 would take him to our parochial and ragged schools, for teaching and training the people ; I would accompany him to our colleges, our universities ; and last though not least, I wonld expound to him the cheap scheme of boarding the children in the wilds of Australia, in sohools of industry ; and I would ask him, without the fear of an answer in the affirmative, if such things were known in the oities of antiquity ? (To say nothing of Bible, and Missionary, and Tract, and Sabbath School Societies). I would inqnire if such things were known iD repnblioan Athens or imperial Rome ? The mountains of our country shew their features as rough as they did two thousand years ago — its torrents foam down their rocky beds with the tame violence as in the days of Druidism. But how obanged are the inhabitants of the country ? Barbarism and cruelty have, like the snow before the sun, disap peared before the mild and genial beams of Christianity ; the mora) world has assumed a new aspect, the efforveBcense of Christian virtue has burst out upon it, and the ancient song has been verified. 44 The winter is past, the rain ia over and gone, the flowers appear on the earth, the time of the singing of birds is come, and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land." Tbe well-conducted family, we have said, is the proper typo of a judiciously regulated school. - The parents representing the teachers, and the children the pupils. See how the soriptures speak of this relation. There, the legim talionis is unknown. The word of truth protects alike the preceptor and his pupil. It honours and protects both, and then defines and enforces the corresponding rights and duties. To the parent they say, " Train up a child in the way he should go, and when ho is old be will not depart from it.'' To the child, they say 44 Honour-thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee." To the parent they say, " And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath, lest they be discouraged. To the child they say, and in language never to be forgotten, 44 The eye that mocketh at his father, and refuseth to obey his mother, the ravtuia ui iuu vtuioy iubu pics it oat, aau tut) yuuug uagieu auuu eat it." Under the Mosaic law, the man that cursed his parent was surely to be put to death ; the men of his city, who 44 Should stain him with stains." We are, however, under a better and a milder dispensation. That the whole scope and spirit- of the entire- Bible consider the appropriate performance of the relative duties which result from the relation of parent and child, as laying the foundation of every public and private virtue. They recoil from the arbitrary powfir and cruel tyranny of a parent, just as strongly as they do from the hardened impiety and obstinate stubbornness of a child. The Spartans venerated age ; but how much more energetic and authoritative is the language of the Jewish law giver when he says, " Thou shalt rise up before the face of the old man, and fear thy God." 9 Let our youth, then, be instructed both by example and precept, by unoeaBing vigilance and unwearied effort ; by a considerate, a kind, an equitable and a bland discipline. Let them be enured to to habits of virtue, to the most healthful bodily and mental exercise. Let their minds be enlightened and their wants supplied ; con vince them that it is the united aim of their parents and teachers to advance their improvement, and that to do so, they ubb both self-deniaf, counsels, and prayers, so that they might be rendered learned, useful, happy and religious. Let them see, that they, in common with the age in which we live, owe all onr civil and religious distinctions— privileges to the Bible. Where is the parent who is surrounded by a loving circle of filial piety, and whose heart has cot been oroased habitually, but continually comforted by all that is tender and greatful in the affeotions, and respectful and dntiful in the deportment of their children, but feels that for all this he is indebted to the same divine Bource ? And if children are properly trained, they too will see that all their well springs centre in him. There is a beautiful incident in tbe life of Christ, which illustrates the influence of the Gospel upon domestio life. It was among those last sublime and tender exhibitions of His nature whioh took place upon the cross. Forgiveness, love, and resignation had already divinely _ beamed through the horrors of that,scene, aud attracted the eye of the believer to a picture where, otherwise, all was so bad and revolting. The Saviour was in his bitterest agony. The guilt of dying men was weighing upon His soul ; interests incalculably vast, were absorbing his. attention, and he might well be supposed to have lost sight of those by whom he was surrounded. In such au hour, amid the depth of his own sorrow, who would wonder had he overlooked the olaims of earthly kindred ? But at a little dis tance stood his mother — near her, he beheld , the youngest and most beloved of his Boholars. Those earthly ties were about to be sundered, but he would not leave her without a Support to her advancing years, nor the young scholar without a guide for his inexperienced youth. " Woman," said he to the former, 4 behold thy son." To the latter, 44 Son, behold thy mother 1" And from that hour that disoiple took her to his own home. The classic histories of Greece and Rome are an instructive study, even though they be little else than a narrative of crime. They teach one important lesson, and that is, that man is unable to guide himself in the paths of virtue and happiness, by his own unaided powers. They show us, ,4 how much we are indebted to the Bible ; how much of our social advancement we owe to its pare spirit, that which has breathed itself over the chocs of nations, and brought order, light, beauty, and fruitfuluess from the shapeless void." They teach us to be thankful that 44 the lines are fallen to us in plea sant places," where the endeared names of parent and child are to become Bynonimes._ with schoolmaster and pupil: where the teacher and the tanght will be regarded with a tenderness, un known in pagan history, -and which cannot be appreciated, unless we havo traced in the history of the past, how little these relations and tics have been valued. No author sets this in a stronger light than Tacitar, in his Annals of the Roman Empire. The band of that masterly historian must have trembled as he delineated the pioture. There you will find a narrative of all that can shock the tenderest sensibilities of our nature ; of all that man oan perpetrate in crime ; of all that the arch enemy oan bring up from his dark kingdom to disturb and ruin man 1 Suspicion, massacre, and licentiousness — the conspiracy of wives— men everywhere falling upon their own swords — families whose peace ia disturbed by vioLnce and ruined by intrigue — children sacrificed by the machi nations of a mother — the wife murdering her husband for the purpose of marrying her paramour — women 41 praotised in the trade of poisoning." This is paganism, and is' to be found in tbe classics, and in the most enlightened age of Rome too. How much, then, have we gained by Christianity ? Let onr children be able and taught to compare the present state of Christendom, deficient as that is, aud far short of what it ought to be, with the state of society under the dynasty of the Caesars, and they cannot fad to see what tbe Bible and ohristianity have done for themselves and all our sooial institutions. Let them go into the interior of the first and most polished families of Rome, and they will bless God for His supernatural revelation. Let them be able to mark tbe differ ence with which the sooial relations are regarded by the wisest and moat virtuous classio moralists, and a well instructed teacher; let them but see how in christian lands, and even in the misgoverned colonies of Great Britain, where the christian religion has been erroneously built upon the old worn-out foundation, and has been incorporated with the State. Still, under this great disadvantage,' they will see that it bears the test of. experience and the proof of trials ; bnt let them look to America, that land of enlightened freedom, and they will there see, notwithstanding the dark spot of slavery which clonds, shades, and shrouds their fair sky, that the christian spirit of the Bible whioh sustains them, grows only cold in death, and extinguished only in the grave : and then let them go into lands unenlightened by the gospel, and observe how the sweetest charities of life are destroyed by the suspicions of envy, the jealousies of love, the violence of ambition, tbe thirst of power, and the lawlessness of revenge. Let them be taught to look 09 this picture aud on that : to regard the votaries of both when decayed— as the flower of beauty and the graces of youth are gone ; and they will instinctively he led to adore the Father of all their mercies for that blessed book,' which is 44 more to be desired than gold, yea than much fine gold and that 44 He so loved the world that he gave bis only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perisb, but have everlasting life : for God sent not His son into tbe world to condemn tbe world ; but that the world through Him might be saved. He that believeth on Him is not condemned; but he that believeth not is condemned already, because be bath not believed in tbe name of the only begotteu sou. ' of God He tbat believeth on the son hath everlasting life ; but he that believeth not tbe son shall not see life ; but the wrath of God remaineth on him." v , Yet there are those of tho chide, chide, chiding Bcbool, who maintain that the religion of the Bible and Christianity is a most morose and unsooial religion. These are the' unsocial who delight to make themselves, their children, and all that is about them supremely miserable — perfectly unhappy ; who are of an unthank ful, discontented disposition, dissatisfied with themselves and all the world ! hence they are chirp, chirp, chirping, and harp, harp, harping always upon some discordant cord ; so aB to call forth all tbe unamiable propensities of tbe human mind— the evil affections, of the heart. It has often beenja subject of ridicule amongst these bihvq wija uuv uqjioto luoti lurj; w uu aiu always finding fault with their neighbours, and heating their own children are the real cause of the whole half of all the vice tbat is in tbe world. Tbat their own unbelieving and unthankful dispo sitions are the canse of almost all the evil at school, and among the children of a family. This arises from the obtuseneBS of their own feelings — the bluntness of their moral sensibilities, the very selfishness of man. It is an old remark, that no one ever looked upon a game of chance or skil', played by two people, both previously unknown, without, in less than five minutes, feeling an interest for the one over tbe mother. They do not understand the sympathy of their own minds, and never try to call forth that of tbeircbildren, only on tbe side of virtue. They do not see that there are some undefinable points of accordance, some harmonies of thought or expression of which we are not ourselves clearly consoious, but which almost immediately attraetB the attention, and fixes our thoughts upon individuals who as unconsciously as ourselves, happen to possess them. We have heard of the affinity of matter, but this, must he the affinity ot mind, and have its seat in the moral sense which is formed by time and experience. 44 So are ail the natural senses, not one of them are born with us: they are all created, some instantaneously, others in a little time, some in a long time, but all by experience. The moral sense differs from the natural one, as much as the sense of reflection does from simple feeling. But the confirmation given by nature and educa tion may be so exquisitely just in some minds, that the individuals may be said to judge of actions and principles by a kind of instan taneous sensation, wbioh may be very properly termed a moral sense. The eye, as a sense is formed by the experience of many years ; but when it is formed it judges of distance and magnitude, of beauty and deformity, apparently by an immediate sensation ; but in fact by a process which is the effect of experience. The mind is in the same state as the moral sense — it has judged of causes by effects on all natural occasions. It has associated virtue with pleasure, and vice with pain, so that when actions and prin ciples, under these denominations, present themselves, tbey Beem to act on the mere sense, not as virtues and vices, but as pleasures .and pain. Were this principle understood and acted upon, how much misery would be banished from every school, and from tbe bosom of every family. Then, 44 we„ could read sermons in stones and good in everything." 44 It is a happy world after all. — The air, the earth, and the water teem with delightful existanoe." As Paly expresses it. 44 In the opening morn, or the summer evening, on which Bide ' ever I tarn my eges, myriads of happy beings crowd upon my view. 44 The insect youth are upon the wing. Swarms of new born flies are trying their pinions in the air. Their sportive motions, their wanton mazes, their gratuitous activity, their con tinual change of place without use or purpose, testifying their joy, and the exaltation which they feel in -their lately discovered faculties. Yet the parent insect is never seen 10 cniae, cmae, chide, with an everlasting chanering ! 44 A bee amongst the flowers in spring, is one of the most difficult objects that can be looked upon. Its life appears to be all enjoymert ; so busy and so pleased; yet it is only a specimen of insect life, with which, by reason of the animal being half domesticated, we happen to be better acquainted than we are with tbat of others." The in ference I would draw, and the question which I would put, is more elegantly understood, thap it could be expressed ! 'i If to have no sympathy with wickedness is to he unsocial, then is the religion of tbe Bible and Christianity most unsocial. Bat ifito promote all that is kind, and virtuous, and pure, and good, and true ; if to be possessed of that 44 wisdom which is from above, which is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without wrangling, and without hypocrisy. For the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace :"— if to take pleasure in all that subdues what is malignant to man and ferocious, what is ambitious aad cruel ; — if to sympathize with all that elevates and transforms the human character and makes it the ornament of human society here, and the glory of angelic society herealter, be social ; then it is truly and in the highest degree friendly to Bocial institutions. There carii ot be a more gross mis conception than that the religion of the Scriptures is an unsocial religion. Everywhere it inculcates the gentle and kind affections. If there be softness, sweetnesf, cheerfulness, and honour in tbe intercourse between man and man, to wbat are they to be attributed, if not to heaven born 44 charity, which suffereth loDg and is kind, which envieih"not, which vauntcth not (itself, and is not puffed up;' which 44 doth not behave itself unseemly, and seeketh not her own whioh 44 beareth all things, believeth all thinge, hopeth all things without which we are become as sounding brass, or, a tinkling cymbal 1" We see not how an unsocial spirit can spring from such a source. And yet so it is, thai the Bible is made to answer for all the moroaeness and severity that is in the world, that even the Teach br of children must presumptively argue, " God. afflicts his people, ergo 1 mhy my pupils." Scill it is ackuowledge to enjoin all that i9 benevolent and cheerful in the social affections. ,To create a heaven on earth. Let every christian man bear in mind, and above all every parent and preceptor, that the Bible, with wonderful wisdom, adjust its claims to the relations which men Bustain to time as well as eternity ; to this world as well as the world to oorae ; and that it is one of the distinguishing glories of the truth, that while it 0 lives above the world and walks with God, instead of becoming ascetic, retiring from earth and renouncing ail the intercourse and urbanity of social life, it carries its disciples to reform, and to elevate it, and there to " let their light so shine before men, that they seeing their good works, may glorify their father whioh is in heaven." In conoluding these letters on education, the writer begs dis tinctly to disclaim all originality. To this he lays no claim. All that is apparently new has been the product of his friends, or collected in the course of au extensive observation. He well remembers at an early period of reading in the elements of thought that : " He who, by au intellectmal and moral energy, awakens kindred energy in others, touches springs of infinite might, gives impulse to faoulties to whioh no bounds can be prescribed — begins an action which will never end. One great and kindling thought from a retired and au obscure man may live when thrones have fallen and the memory of those who filled them are obliterated ; and like an undying fire, may illuminate and quicken all fntura ' generation." Mav it be so with these letters. 32 20' S. . INDEX, 