OUR SCHOOL. ?* (From Dickens'* 'Household Words.') Uur school was rather famous for mystenoui pupils. There was another — a heavy young man, with a large double-cased silver watch, and a fat knife, the handle of which was a perfect tool-box— who unaccountably appeared one day at a special desk of h|s own, erected close to that of the chief, with whom he held familiar converse. He lived in the pavlour, and went out for walks, and never took the least notice of. us — even of us, the first boy — unless to give us a depreciatory kick, or grimly to take our hat off and throw it away, when he encoun tered us out of doors; which unpleasant ceremony he always performed as he passed — not even conde scending to stop for the purpose. Some of us believed that the classical attainments of the phenomenon were terrific, but that his penmanship and arithmetic were defective, and he had come there to mend them : 'others, that he was going to set up a school, and had paid the chief 'twenty-five pound down,' for leave to see our school at work. The gloomier spirits even said that he was going to buy us; against which contingency^ conspiracies weresetonfootfor a general defection and running .away. However, he never did that. After staying for a quarter, during which period, though closely observed, he was never seen to do anything but make pens out of quills, write small-hand in a secret portfolio, and punch the point of the sharpest blade in his knife into his desk, all over it ; he top disappeared, and his place knew him no more. There was another bov, a fair, tneek boy, with a delicate completion and rich curling' hair, who, we found out, or thought we found out (we have no idea now, and probably had none then, on what grounds, but it was confidentially revealed from mouth to mouth), was the son of a viscount who had deserted his lovely mother. It was understood that, if he had his rights, he would be worth twenty thou sand a year. And that, if his mother ever met his father, she would shoot him with a silver pistol which she carried, always loaded to the muzzle, for that purpose. He was a very suggestive topic. So was a young Mulatto, who was always believed (though very amiable) to have a dagger about him some where. But, we think they were both outstibne, upon the whole, by another boy who claimed to have been born on the 29th of February, and to have only one birth-day in five years. We suspect this to have besn a fiction — but he lived upon it all the time he was at Our School. The principal currency of Our School was slate pencil. It had some inexplicable value, that was never ascertained, never reduced to a standard. To have a great hoard of it was somehow to be rich. We used to bestow it in charity, and confer it as a precious boon upon our chosen friends. When the holidays were coming, contributions were solicited for certain boys whose relatives were in India, and who'were appealed for under the generic name of 'Holiday-stoppers,' — appropriate marks of remembrance that should enliven and cheer them in .their homeless state. Personally, we always con tributed these tokens of sympathy in the form of slate-pencil, and always felt that it would be a com fort and a treasure to them. The usher at Our School who was considered io know everything as opposed to the chief who was considered to know nothing, was a bony, gentle-faced, clerical- looking young man in rusty black. It was whispered that he was sweet upon one of Maxby's sisters (Maxby lived close by, and was a day pupil), and further that he 'favoured Maxby.' As we re member, he taught Italian to Maxby's sisters on half- . holidays. He once went to the play with them, and wore a white waistcoat and a rose: which was con sidered among us equivalent to a declaration. . We were of opinion on that occasion that to the last moment he expected Maxby's father to ask him to dinner at five o'clock, and therefore neglected his own dinner at half-past one, and finally got none. We exaggerated in our imaginations the extent to which he punished Maxby's father's cold meat at supper; and we agreed to believe that he was elevated with wine and water when he came home. But, we all liked him : for he had a good knowledge of boys, and would have made it a much better school if he . had had more power. He was writing-master, ma thematical master, English master, made out the bills, mended the pens, and did all sorts of things. He divided the little boys with the Latin roaster (they were smuggled through their rudimentary books at odd times when there was nothing else to do), and he always called at parents' houses to inquire after sick boysj because he had gentlemanly manners. He was rather musical, and on some remote quarter day had bought an old trombone; but a bit of it was lost, and it made the most extraordinary sounds when he sometimes tried to play it of an 'evening. His holidays never began (on account of the bills) until long after ours; but, in the summer vacations, he used to take pedestrian excursions with a knapsack; and at Christmas time he went to see his father at Chipping Norton, who we all said (on no authority) was a dairy -fed-pork butcher. Poor fellow I He was very low all day on Maxby's sister's wedding day, and afterwards was brought to favour Maxby more than ever, thoug'v he had been expected to spite him. He has been dead these twenty years. Poor fellow! Our remembrance of Our School presents the Latin master as a colourless doubled-up near sighted man with a crutch, who was always cold, and always putting onions into his ears for deafness, and always disclosing ends of flannel under all his gar ments, and almost always applying a ball of pocket handkerchief to some part of his face with a screwing action round and round. He was a very good scholar, and took great pains where he saw intelligence and a desire to learn; otherwise, perhaps not. Our me mory presents him (unless teased into a passion) with as little energy as colour — as having been worried and tormented into monotonous feebleness — as having had the best part of his life ground out of him in a mill of boysl We remember with terror how he fell asleep one sultry afternoon with the little smuggled class before him, and awoke not when the footstep of the chief fell heavy on the floor; how the chief aroused him, in the midst of a dread silence, and said, 'Mr. Blinkiris, are you ill, sir?' how he blushingly replied, 'Sir, rather so;' how the chief retorted with severity, 'Mr. Blinkins, this is no place to be ill in' (which was very, very true), and walked back, solemn as the ghost in Hamlet, until, catching a wandering eye, he caned that boy for inattention, and happily expressed his feelings towards the Latin master through the medium of a substitute. There was a fat little dancing-master who used to come in a gig, and taught the more advanced among us hornpipes (as an accomplishment in great social demand in after-life) ; and there was a brisk little French master who used to come in the sunniest weather, with a handleless umbrella, and to whom the chief was also polite, because (as we believed) if the chief offended him, he would instantly address the chief in French, and for ever confound him before the boys with his inability to understand or reply. Lately there has been discovered in Britanny some valuable workings of stream tin, which contain alio a con siderable sprinkling of gold. . . , -'i. 