TIÍB LONDON DAILY PAPOUS. [From titi Liverpool journal.) Wlint wo thoso pupers ? Tho papers' published ovory morning in London nvo tho Times, nm! Daily News, tho Morning Herald,, tho- Morning Chronicle, tho Morning Post mul tho Morning Adoerliscn Thoso, it will bo appnroutj ilo not como among us in cquitl proportions. Tho Morning Advertiser, which látóly -lias made considerable improvement iu its appearance, is ontiroly n class paper. Another distinctly class paper is thc Morning Post-cloverly written and woll dono, nnd most respectably conducted, lint bidding for, and attaining oiily; a limited circulation indirections from which no rmlpab|o influouco on society over pro- ceeds. . Tho Morning Maraki may Lo placed in tho sumo category. It appears a limited class-tho vienrngo and country house class-classds not to bo overlooked, but cortaiu not to ho overvalued in respect to their power. Tho Morning l'ost and tho Morning ITcïald uro adäquate and ablo representations of portions of tho community etitiMod to. roprosoiitatioii ; but they uro ns completely class organs ns tho Jjitncet or tho Mining- Journal, acci- dentally published ' in London, but by no moans national. ' What tho Morning Chronicle, tho fourth morning paper, is, wo do not well know. A national pnpor it undoubtedly is not. it speaks accept- able thoughts to society ; but, for easily apparent rensons, thoy nro not accepted, it is not. n cnmuioroial Hpouulatinn ; not publieliot] to sell ; anil ibo result-'is that lt is not bought. It enunciates the posthumuous policy of Peel; but'tho world does not believe in ghosts. It is tho property of a clique, and is editod to gratify a clique ; and the consequence is, that, it fails to compete, as a newspaper, with its contemporaries, and acquires no confidence among tho public. If any- thing, it is an organ of ecclesiastical con- fusion and dislike pf Mr. Disraeli ; and. fivo penco per diem to know that the bishops aro all wrong, and that Mr. Disraeli is a Jew, is.what sensible pcoplo will not pay. The Timos and Daily News, then, aro tho only national journals, above all classes, and parties and cliques. Thoso two papers aro published by men of busi- ness, not by amateurs ; they aro produced to pay, and preoiscly for that reason, be- cause to pay, they must acquire general confidence, they ignoro nil but general arguments. There is, nevertheless, an immense difference between them. Tho Daily Nexos leads--tho Times follows public opinion. Equal as newspapers the ouo beating .tho other' alternately ia the procuring of early intelligence, tho ono Books, to. ascertain tho effect on tho public beforo it pronounces ; tho other seeks to guido the public, and speaks out at onoo with unroservo. Thc Times is only a commercial speculation-tho Daily I News is a oommorcinl speculation-and something moto. The Times got its first position by its superiority as a newspaper, continuing to deserve that position by unrelaxod efforts to produce a perfect paper ; and its propriotors. have pursued tho equivocally honpst policy of novcr differing with thó majority of its readers, lost they should davmago its position. This is supposed to bo'consummate cun- ning ; but; inasmuch as every one of its readers spo through tho motive, it is ludicrous to suppose that tho Times, on great questions, posscssos influence over tho couutry : it would bo as rational to say that ii resolution has influence over a public mooting. Tho Times docs not in- fluence tho country on minor topics-. topics on which every ono will bo agreed, and its influenco is generally beneficially exorcised. But tho Times never could writo' anything . down on which it was wrong, in other words, on 'which tho ma- jority of tho pcoplo were against it. And, ' instead of. being consummate cunning, its policy, in this day, is a consummate mis- . tako. Its hesitation,whon thc reflex of pubh'o opinion is wanted, is a mistake-tho tact is palpable, and thé tact that is palpable is'" always a blunder. It could afford to load; audits powei would bo greater if it did load. Its power now is simply a poivor brought to bear upon 'governments and officials :-and then only, when it declares : tho evident will of tho majority; Whan it leads, and leads in tho wrong direction, it is laughed out. It will bo years of good management before tho Times reco- vers tho ground it has lost in supporting tho continental despots./ On foreign allah's, on which tho load was open to it, tho Times has blundered hoobUhly, and, as a conscqncñco, ÍB without influenco ci thor on English or foreign statesmen. Tho Daily'Neids is tho youngest of «ll tho London morning pnpors. From tb« first it took high ground and nhigli liberal tone-representing consistently that con- : scrvativo liberalism which is clearly!.tho, public opinion of England ; and airca ly, with tho second highest circulation of tiio recognised daily press, and with thc largest number bf advertisements-noxt to thu Times-obtained by .'any daily paper, its political moro than corresponds with its commercial cminonco. . Tho Daily Neun generally (it lias wandered, at times, willi othor liberals) leads thaloadors of England and wo should sayi possesses moro genuino influence, and moro legitimate power, than any other journal published in this country. For ourselves, wo should desire to soc it moro ndvancod and less technical in ita language of liberalism. But it is beyond , qtiestiöii that its speaks the unvarying, views of tho bulk of tho trading middlo classes of England. Wore thcro no stamp, no paper duty, and no advertisement duty,ir it would no doubt declare thc sumo views, which aro tho views of tho masses as well as of tho middle classes, in a boldor sot of , phrases. But tho, material ol' its política ensures its popularity ; and when wo con- sider thai, into tho largo towns, such aa ; Manohoslor and Livorpoo], ibero come few,, or no Advertisers, I'osts, Heralds, or,. Chronicles, wo can estimate nt a, glauco tho importance to tho h'boinl oauso of, sn ch an orgau as a Daily News. Popular gratitudo is cilio largoly to that journal for its noblo , stand in favour of continciitnl radicalism since Í848. \With'tho Times, tho Chronicle und tho*Herald were con-, joined in a boisterous crusndu against nil tho ouomies of all tho kings. But for tho Daily News, nblo, and cager, and im- petuous in its defence, tho moral forco . of, ... England ou tho continent would nave been ., entirely against pooplos; ,And from that riiorul force, signalising itsolf in Ibo hunt- ing ol'. I fay nan, and tba reception of Kos- suth, in tho foreign dobnto of 18tf0, '»id , in tlio Glndstono lottor» of 1.SÖI, what may Europe not still expect ? Tho, statistics' as io tho oharnctors and circulations of nowRpupdrs aro only of pub- lia interest as far ns thoy aro tho evidences of publie opinions. Tho pre-oniiuenoo in position of tho Daily News, ns compared . willi Hid Herald, iW, or Chronicle, is ., tho proof pf.tho provnilonco of a progi'os sivo liberalism among tho ihiddlo class ; and if wo add to tho figures which ropro- , sent. tho 'Daily Nows tho statistics of its ., ovoning and cheaper edition, tho Express, wo nscortain a vory satisfactory result ; but Inking tho Daily News itsolf-a five year old Jfapor-having laid itsolf ' along- side tho Times, determining to rival tho Tbûcs in nows, ami to tako lo.nl ol' this Times in politics, wo find that it bas ni ready passed tho Herald, Chroniefo, ami Post, and, by general admission, becomes ii power iii , tho land. So much for thu forco of honesty mid consistency in jour- ' nulluni. Js lt not clear that if ibo stamp .. woï'u off, n Daily News, published nt 2d., .would iloritroy tho -Th»** f-or tho Ww»'* ! would hnvo to tako tho same political ' position. ' ' . -1 