IRELAND UNDER PERSECUTION. (From the "Weekly Despatch," August 22.) WITH the usual easy modest assurance of all arrant quacks, the promoters of the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill are justifying the necessity of the wrong they have inflicted, by pointing to the natural resistance of the wronged. It is said of Uncle Ben that he was so sure a shot that whenever the opos sums saw the muzzle of his rifle they called out " Don't waste your powder-we'll come down and go" into your bag quietly, since we know we must go there at any rate." The TIDIES is quite indignant that a whole nation, and part of another, with British blood in their veins, and:. Saxon notions in their heads, do not give up the ghost of their spiritual liberties on the mere issue from the Queen's printers of a sheet of what, in this case, may most literally be termed fool's cap. The leading Minister and the leading journal having been engaged a whole session in little else than stirring up the bigotry of Protestantism, and insulting the kreenest religious feelings of the Catholic, affect to be surprised that, after havin?g maddened that theological fanatacism?a.iuHl pride of creed which all history shows to be' the most dangerous of political experiments, and the one sacred subject with regard to which men fling behind them all fear of con sequences, and all respect for other con siderations, the "Papists" should not duti fully submit to insult and degradation when the revocation of the Roman Catholic Edict of Nantes is embodied in an Act of Parlia ment. They anticipated that the battle was to be a battue; they forgot that Irishmen are not opossums, but men, with fiery pas sions, and a quick sense of injury, and that they are not only capable of bearing, but covetous of arms. Their priests, who in all ages and in all countries are the most power ful instruments of popular excitement and . deeds of unhesitating daring, are at th6 .' head, leading them on, and at their ear, goading them on. "'Tis true, 'tis pity and pity 'tis, 'tis true." It would have been better had it been otherwise; but we must accept hard facts as we find them; and the duty as well as function of the statesman is to deal with facts, not to defy them. There is no way, there never was any other way, of meeting the circumstances of our position, than that of recognising them as actual entities, and making the best-no:t the worst of them. We have one nation Epia copal, another Presbyterian, a third :Catholic -all bound up together in one' iUiited Kingdom. The two former; ?tiia trie'di'to extirpate the latteir, as Phara6''id?'t the Israelites, but with the like :il 8success. Oppression and confiscation have only ia3de them grow the faster, and resisti~;the more effeootually. As we cannot (tlhank Heaven) crush them, we should have nade up our mirds to liv at peace with"' ???t; ew-?? t; e..... we cannot get rid, and from who~nemeainot separate without " restoring the ?eptarchy." And here it is but fair to- keep in remem brance that it is by our:cbmpulsion that Ireland is chained to us. iShe has again and again agitated for and demanded a repeal of the Union. She does not askus to bind up her fate with ours. If therie were a diffi culty on principle in excludingIreland from the operation of a Bill whichis not merely a badge of sectarian degradation, but of na tional vassalage, it was our own making. We have insisted upon chaning her to us, and then we pretend to charge it upon the victim of the necessities of our oin fancied policy, that her dangerous proximity re quires the enforcement 0of an kct of pro scription. Justice, reason ~ ri oht feeling, sound policy, equally cry:out aisinst a deed as unnecessary as it is perilous, and not less discreditable to the sense of equity of the perpetrators, than insoletand ,overbearing towards its victims. We jiudge of other men by ourselves. If Ireland w·ere to attempt to prohibit our use of the very name wechoose to give to our spiritual instruntors, there is no Act of Parliament tos:whluhEngland and Scotland would yield one6hour's obedience. Can we wondsr at or blamethat honouorable pride and laudable spirit of: national inde pendence in others, whicbh . (fgard as a ? virtue in ourselves? ' Te-Wi' es of March ii have come- aye, but notgone !" The Bill )' is passed-but we are:'only at the beginning?; of its consequences. ,'The Archbishop ofii:: Dublin's charge is the. oracle of a propheti:.? The Chief Protestant ;Eelesiastic in Irelan'dt ', condemns the principleof the measure, and; I what is of more conseqnence, entirely reasonS, it down. The ablesatstatesmen, the most: eloquent orators, th&:nost experienced poli-, ticians of the count embraced in the Peel party, have resisted it in every stage, with arguments which, ai logic, though not.in' votes, are irrefragible. The chiefs of the' Radical party have spoken and voted againist it. It has, therefore, the support, not of the reason, but only if tho:e fanaticism: of thr country. The C?alholics are enotraged a' justified in resistiag it;, by tlh~c, uthoirit'r ' the greatest Engish sena(?'o",' ' Even' Stanley was taken convei~nes ly! s the wooden horiase was vo0uOe: House of' Lords. One?? di.F Irish memberd~ will bbIri sY:y ,I( shoulder in the very I'. of bring our legi lation to .01 /at party after party placed in power, on bhe pledge of giving effect to this law. The curry.po'viderD)uke, a renegade to his faith, and an offender against the law of Parlia •uent and the privileges of the HIouse of Commons, has done his little possible to show the "naked corruption of the smaller agri cultural boroughs, and to strengthen the demand for their transfer to schedule A, by issuing his commands to the serfs of Arundel to elect a more obsequious flunkey in the place of his own son (what a caricature of Brutus!); but only to the effect of heaping disgrace on himself and his nominee, and drawing upon the object of his spite the honour of the choice of an independent con stituency. To sum up all, a common danger and a common affront have, for the first time, driven the English into the arms of the I-rish Catholics, and a population in the "-? . kingdoms of eight millions, firmly bound together by one faith and a mutual sense of wrong, take the field against dis tracted counsels, and a divided and irresolute majority. Even the two rampant Protestants who contested'Greenwich, were fain to pocketl bigotry which was found to be distasteful to the good sense of Radical electors. In a word, the law is already openly and un hesitatingly defied, and the authority of the three estates is kicked into the kennel, and dragged through the gutter. "John Tuam, Archbishop of Armagh," is a signature published in every city of Ireland, and to be found even in the columns of the TIMES. "Paul Cullen, Archbishop, Primate of all Ireland," with his sign manual, "boldly :dashes through. the Act of Parliament." The crazy Orangeien are again as rampant and riotous as the palmiest days of the Roden era; and all this is the Sessions whole work of a man who aspires to the character of the capacity to govern these islands. Is it ne cessary to predicate the consequences ? Need we say that no Irish jury will convict under this statute? Need we add, that a verdict of acquittal would be even the least embar rassing result to the Government ? It is, indeed, most strange that the merest potter ing politicians, the wretchedest red-tape Qaidnuncs that ever held the seal of office, : have not even yet discovered the significance of Burke's proposition, that "you cannot h~iug an indictment against a whole nation." : It all the houses in Ireland were jails, they \- olu\d not hold the number who were willing to hooame martyrs. :-If all :the army were jiahrs; there would, not be enough to turn th* keys upon the millions who are ready to ~ioo prisoners. The common sense of . . ,I`i ?nigak-p eople secretly whis pe o tim that an .Archbishop, chosen ni ? edged as such by a whole people, wea tl!le of an infinitely.bottcer right, in Vrfn well as equity, than a Beresford or a Jei-v creature of Orange ascendancy, thru t-?C lfat living by the force of con ques?, r thicure of tithe-pig bacon, in de fault ffiaco of souls. And for what sort of Prte~tinism, and who are the Bishops, on whios b?lf this English nation is drag ged t qu~rrel with its neighbours and fellow- bjects? A house divided against itself--- a uesented to the nation by the State as~th only orthodox hierarchy, and who.are tlignoring each other's titles, dis claiming pc?cother's authority, excommuni cating, ex qeiaing, calling each other heretics. Hampden epudiated by his brother Bishop of Oxford d his own Dean and Chapter Canterbury disclaimed by Exeter as his metropolita-Exeter, in turn, ignored by his.own cley. The one half accused by the.otlher of being Papists in disguise; the one: .calling ome a branch of the true Church-ano her execrating it as anti Christ. HIerq Bristol and Gloucester kid naps the Iorfield estate; there the Bishop of Llandaff n ~ts out consecrated ground for the perfor iio of a strolling company of .tumblers- himself elected on the profession o~yficiency in Welsh, and keeps :away r his diocese altogether to prevent his utterianorance of the language from being foundout, and yonder stands the .Bishop of Stat David's playing at battledoor and shliuecock with Archdeacon Williarnms, in the :r of banging " the lie" from one to anotherwiith as little ceremony as:a couple of ballastheavers in a Newcastle collier; and in thefobkground may be seen in peispective, the Bishop, Dean, and Chapter of Rochester, detected with their' hands in the very pocke of charity, breaking thir faith and 'rust to the dead, who £yged them to 1e honst, and confided in t irhonour, filling the~ own purses with paoil of the ignorantand the needy, and \- ipasing the ruiri 6 the meritorious "" vlWho found them ut. " These be t??d, O Romans !"! For this we are i, toe onward progre~of Irish regene ! to double our army and swell the , our taxes i to fonent distraction i tsqubjects; to d.vide a house s"e.?s? to cool our friends, warm O: . "ad peril even a civil war; or '' reduce the force of our laws to the authority of a piece of parchment, of no more account than the sheepskin of a drum, fit only to make a noise with, or beat to arms. When the minister who has brought us to this our Hobson's choice of statesmen, it is time we made up our minds to save the salaries of office, and try to get on without a govern ment at all. 