lISCELLANEoas JiX't'^AIJTS, fllicipATisn .; jwp.ru'RB with- thi IWITED STATKS Of AMERICA— IN ?BJRRUPTIQN. TO EMIGRATION; - ? (From the Weekly Times.) |o floating reports wafted across tho Atlantic, |v6 to Cuban '.expeditions organized within Jterritorics of the United States republic ji6t the independence of 'tlio last valuable ksion.of Spain in the Western world, have | siinuficaiicc.thnn appears on the /ace of tho pd'.statcJneiits which Imvo reached us. It f t'.iofeiislchiitf or noii-vxistcnec. of. theco (-f ii4 ibrciijn' cciuiitry which concerns this Li-..-i-. ?,ji'-rTr..J.'.i*l;.-:--c.' ??'?-s ?? ? '?- .'????;? ? ? ? coantry most, but.the^ permahance of-*ur 'poli-. ttcal aud cammjrcial relations w.th depcndeiicii8: that hare acknowledged our svrar fur:upwards of two centuries, and the grave ' interruptions that are threatened in our iiiecrc mrss with ,t!iat vast continent which, iii the' prjseut day, appaars to hold the balance bjtween. tlie commerce, of the E;isturn and Western world. In a' physical sense it is not of so much importance whether a mo narchy or a repulilic 'possesses a. geographical sovereignty over the Island '-of-' -Cuba ; but \yiut. would be the effect of a transfer of possession to. a power which not only rivals us in our inari^ time traffic,- but'puts forth extensive claiihsto be considered as bur'supsrior.- llowjver much the humbug, fnitcrnity who prey upon the pockets and sympathy of- John Ball may disclaim, it is unijue- stionaljle thai thero is a mortal rivalry be tween this country and the United States of: America, and this Cuba affair' will very likely. tend to brinjj one of its phases to .something like a settlement. In a territorial point of view^ the. ..acquisition of this iinportnnt island, liy our-. for'-- midable opponents would be frauglit with the utmost danger to the whole of our. West Indian; colonies.- For jiot only would it give the .United States 'an overwhelming superiority among the whole grbup,' but 'disorganise all those vital inter ests which depeud/or their existence on the occu pation of the political soil by our Government. Our insurance companies, the trustees of our ?canals and other public undertakings, executors under the Wills of private individuals, and' the whole host of persons who in one way or ano ther are entrnstcd with .the investment of trust monies, are all more or less interested in the pre servation Of j these ancient .colonies. . An'.l the principal ?' 'pecuniary . question' involved' in the matter ie^hether it would be prudent tarisk the safety of the enormous amount of Uritish capital thus involved, by allowing.' the' existing territorial arrangements to be violently disturbed. We apprehend that no section of orir vast' army of political economists would be' prepared for so gratuitous- a sacrifice, so flagrant a concession to the rapacity of the most truculent federation' of vagabon'ds landlioriest'raijn that has' hTthertb,' in a natibna! capacity,' Hppeafcd on the, world's s:age. 'The genius* uf Britain;' we trust, has not' sunk so lo\v-as( to tolerate- such 'a wanton violation of ha ?'tfo'nal faith with afcreditpr'quitc iis rauch.entitkMl '?to' ^ consideration 'as'.' the'. Holder of stock', in' the ?p'liblic'fuhds. ' '? The guarantee in' both caspsiwas the same V aiid.'.if it lie voluntarily withdrawn in 'the one, its maintcnanccin the other will' not be of long djiration. :---: ?? ? ; ?'? ? \- But is in a political : sense that tho appropri- . ationof Cuba- by the. United States, would operate ' ?most powerful!^ against this country! The mo ment they acquired undisputed possession of the island they would introduce their own social and cb'mrriercial systems,' and, as a first instalment of: their- hostility;' rivet faster, the 'chains that'tnak^ us dependant on the Soutliern States for the great bulk of the rj\v material tipon which our cotton manufacturers employ their capital, and hun dreds of thousands of our population their la bour. In the hands of such an aggressive power, British influence in the West Indies would dwin dle into- insignificance, aud almost by what,- in the result, would appear. to, be a law of terri torial gravity, become gradually absorbed and lost in its overwhelming superiority. We should . thus lose an impprtunt rmrkut forour mechanical produce, and, in'.effect,.- not only make the sup ply of the material mo'ro. precarious, biu allow the protective system of our transatlantic neighbours a wideK field forcits psrnicious operations. ? -The cant of- the ,agOi refers the public mind to the gi gantic republic, of -Anglo-Saxons over the water for the beat devolopenent of those institutions which.arcpresume.l . by the people who style themselves philosophers,- to :be- identified with'the permanent ?enfranchiseracnt . of the human race, but witha.siclcening want of candour; all refer ence t-the;hostility of that republic to -free trade' as erittrely overlooked. ? Its' protectionist' fallacies' are. f extenuated, or/- if dwelt upon at all, most' charitably -hidden, ?under' a -bushel of nonsense about the'.-rights of man ; ao'thaV if the power of this great trade rival of- ours be quiescently al low.cd to be :augmentedbythe conquest of Cuba, we must, in return for our pusilanimity, antici pate the imposition of more imperious restrictions ofourcommcrcd'than those at present opprcs- ' sively existingljyin'il look forward, with criminal complacehcyj.-fo :the.''pcriod -when' the whole of the trade-of; tlie eastern seaboard of this vaunted states, together- with th^t'-of'-'the whole' of our North American'anil'Wcst 'Indian possessions as subsidiaries, willbe under the ? exclusive control, of a set of men we.ldcd to opinions dianietrically opposed to those which the free:'tradb party 'in- this country.haveV' for the moment --and only for the moment— so .successfully -established. : - Nations cannot ureserre amicable terras with e»ch oth2r unlcsstheyrecogniso' some reciprocal relations as binding. l)et- vecn them, and ' as the .? United .States have hhherto 'persisted fn refusing . to approach oar concessions' to public opinion at fhoajj-hvy-cven » disposition to meet n'« half ? waif, 'we -must; rationally: consider them as having as siima.l .a- position hostile to our views, and 'ag. gr-;s3ivp upon our vast- trading and commercial interests.-. ?. With -such a conviction staring us in the face, it would not only be suicidal bat totally ?at variance, with the policy by which we have ht ;thetto been guided ia onr foroi »u relations, were we evcn'itacitly. to submit to either tho peaceable i or' forcible annexAtion of so important a territory ?as the .island ..of'. Cuba.. Tho moral position' we 'haveflOOTaHdiloquently assumsdJwith referohce to tb(p slftye^.qucstion forbids the : bare cntertain mbnt..ofi ,6uch a.slipposition; 'Let the Yankees, thrqngn-tlj.e.ajen'cyt of ???tho'- brigands whose pto ceedfng? their;je{;al authorities, wink at; bnt onco .obtain.aJfirm- footing-.in.tho'.HnTannah, arid fafe well, for at least*:c.entary; to all progress for the suppression of African, slavery. All tho'ravings and preachings of prctensivo philanthrophy' in' England would ,ba just worth as much as the snouting- of ..somc.British Aiax asainst thunder. : and the millions; of: money oxpended, and tho ?; lives of the braye-.raen sacrificed in tho cause, maj' bo esteemed .as. ft*, many offerings at the shrine of .?the tbrini5nti.ng..d«afon,of every righteous under -taking-r- jlumbng.: %--? ?- ? ???-?! ?u :'...???? ,'.' -' ?? In. another- 6ense, too,' this acquisition would work ns injury. Our artificial system is chiefly supported by tho ^national faith of bur .physical prowess and political superiority. Let that faith once be .violently; weakened, aud farewell to our boasted., grCAtncssS-farewell to the reality that Britannia rulesjthff-vivaves !— and 'welcome the loss of.thp.^resrfije-iwelcome- national ' discropi tude| and. cyeryi sign- and token of a tremendous bankrnptcyv !?;.:?:: £-- ?-/????-? ' '?' But-wo' . 'ha vc''su«3i 'confidence in. the- strong jWill and'detprinin'a'tion-'of tho British public thnt '.wfi.-doi-.nbt'^nticipafc'iSven the ghost of such a dire .disaster ?;*'-« aiml wo'''Rkvo dwelt upon tho topic .'tinder ^consideration in tho serious strain wo have introduced for the sole purpose of directing atten .tio'n to the calamity tliat would inevitably ensue .'should 'the rUiiited' States ropublic persist in their laggressiVe' designs upon tho last vestige of the .'onco lnagnificent'coloninl empire of Spain. That ?Great Britain would' not tamely submit to the ,putragc:is quite evident. All the palaver.of n hundred ilelusioiis called jieiico societies would ;inbt' diwrt heir from offering the utmost resistance to a spoliation that would burglariously intrude hpon same of her most vital interests, and then there would 'arise ah angrj- interruption to our friendly connection with a people who hospi tably receive year after year thousands upon thousands of what, owing to iniquitous arrange ments, must bo called our surplus population. A rupture with the United States of America would entirely put a stop to nine-tenths of tho omigration from these.shorei, and tho dismal cer tainty thus conjured 'up op^ns the gates upon such' a wide field?' of 'cpjjectute^tliat we. must fairly, pause, uri'd TOtitcnToareelvw '»rith fiaving thrown \ out'a-liiilt upon n ' question- whicK; .-b6fbre''''mahy ;.m Jt-th9 s'lall have elapsetl, ? wilr haye-eilfsrenV th't; i anxioiis 'attention' nud sollijku Ic ' of 'pbntieians; j and mor.ilists «f every- g Aid j; and's!idac of opinioii. ? .'?'? ?- '?'??'? ' -~- — ?'?' 