VARIETIES. A correspondent of the New Tork Journal of Commerce writing from Italy, gives the following thrilling description ofafewofthe horrors of the Inquisition: In Turin I met the American Consul 0f Rome, who had passed through the • P E(crna? CR , . , , ,, , „ -J ^ Present when the doors and dungeons of the Inquisition were open d ti,e t i ' c t. T " UI ?!" rs ,ls ' ^ soners released and thebmM.ng conver- * d > nt UM ° f ? , to mtelhRent eve-witness i'ear from tbe the most hps ample of an fonfir° ,tion"of thc puWisl,cd statements relative to the condition and appearance ^ « establishment. The « J j ^ of Rome is &ituated; n JtheVta Cavolligeri and under the very shadow of he sublime dome of St- * Cathedral, and capable m case of, emergency, of accommodatmg 3000 P"Soners The consul was particularly struck with the imposing dimensions of « «« Qf , fil,ed n.;di volumtiious documents, records, and papers. Here were piled all tbe procee- dings and decisions of the Hoh Office from the very birth of the inquisition, including the correspondence with its j collerated branches in both hemispheres, j Upon the third floor, over a certain door, I was an inscription to this efftct:—''Speak to the first Inquisitor.' Oicr another— j ' Nobody enters this chamber, except on ; pain of excommunication.' They might j £s well iiave placed over that door the ! well remembered inscription of Dante ; OVER TIIE GATES cf Tartans—* Abandon j }]0 njj ve w)]0 enter ),ere.' That ^ l!je solenln HaU 0f Jlul,,. S JJ Room, where tbe fates ! ment, or uoom u«c me win of many thousands have been sealed in death. Over a door directly opposite, . auother inscription read—Speak to the i scconJ Inquisitor ! Upon opening the ; door of that department, a trap-door was j jrom' which the condemned, I ' , , T , titer they left the Hall of Judgment, , stepped from time into eternity The neil or pit beneath had been built in the ! ordinary cvlittdrical form, and was st )eRS, e;i.jjtv feet deep, and so inaenionslv 1 nror;jed with projected kmves"and cut- * .! bottom of this abyss quantities cf hair tnd beds of mouldering bones remained. , >^ot OD]v at bottom of the pit, but also j jn ^ ^ Gf the lower chambers of the I f ^ hum8n b ^ . In J some places they appear to have been mortared ia the wails. The usual instruments of torture in such establishments were likewise manifest. The consul presentcd me wit]i a bone which be bronchi j ^ hi(D ^ B n!erDorjal of his visit. The : p fl J f Rome on the 24tli of j f r" 1 uru „ ,,. November, 1 fc4S. The Roman Republic was proclaimed on the 12th of February, 1S 4 9, and immediately afterits installation ,\ssemblv solemnly declared theabolj^ent 0f the Holv Inquisition, and by ^ d barged the Triumvirate _ r~. - . ,. ,. ,- _ = - •. „ ,„ft„ , ., du t - T of a ! oft ? c0 ' ,lmD to commemorate the overthrow of one of tbe greatest evils that ever darkened the face of the earth. But the scenes of this world change. On the first of Jnly the Roman Republic, after a brief existence of five months, capitulated to the French, and in May, 1S50, Pius IX, after an exile of one year and six months returning to his capital, proscribed the Triumvirate, and re-established tbe Iuqnisition in all its former power.'' A GHOST STORY.—A short time since says the -Vojifreal Transcript, as Mrs , (a lady of literary taste and rather stndious habits, sat readingin her drawing th dock on the rcnntel piece r ™ ' , . .. , . Z.™ struck twelve. As the last stroke reverberated through the apartment, tbe door was suddenly flung open. In the act of raising ber head to reprove the intrusion of ber servant (tinning for), ber eye rested on tbe form of her late husband. She screamed and fell senseless on the carpet. This brought np such members of tbe family as bad not retired to rest. Restoratives were administered; and when Mrs. bad regained possession of her faculties, she felt disposed to consider tbe whole distress she bad undergone as the result of certain associations between the melancholy tale she had bran perusing and ber iste loss, operating on a panmly deranged nervous system. She, however, considered it advisable ber maid- serrant should repose ia ber chamber, lest any return of what she had determined to consider • nervpus affection should distress htrslf and alarm the family. Last Tuesday night, feeling stronger, and in better spirits than she; bad been for several months past. Mrs. M . dispensed with the presence of her attendant, retiring alone to her chamber, and went to bed a little before 10 o'clock. Exactly as the dock strock J2 she wat awakened from sleep, and distinctly beheld the apparotian she had before seen advancing from the tabic (on which stood her night lamp) till it stood opposite to, and drew the curtains of tbe bed. A sense of suffocating oppression deprived her of all power to scream aloud. She described her very blood retreating with icy cliillnest to her heart. The countenance of her beloved in life wore its usual benevolent aspect. The eyes, once beaming with affection, were now fixed in stem regard on tbe trembling half-dissolved being, who, with tbe courage of desperation, thus addressed i— "Charles! dear Charles! why have you come again?" "Jessie!" slowly and solemnlyaspiratedtheshadowyform, waving in its band a small roll of white paper. " Jessie, pay my newspaper account, and let me rest in peace!" No MORE FIRES.—Phillips* patent fire annihilator, which has of late attracted so much noticc, was tested at the north dockworks, on Tuesday last A timber house, especially erected, was first set in flames, and ia almost a moment, by means of tbe machine, the fire was extinguished. The same success attended the effort to put ont a large reservoir of tar which had been ignited. A vessel in the Sandon Basin was afterwards fired, and the flames quenched in the same effective way.—Liverpool Albion. CuaiOL-s EFFECT rnou CROTON OIL.—A girt in tbe employ of Mr. N. W. Adams of Ninth-street* intending, is his absence to make use of his camphor bottle last evening, mistook for it a bottle containing a mixture of dilated croton oii. She put a little on her forehead, and rub it over ber face, when it soon began to smart She then washed it with oold water, which eased the smarting until she went to bed. Though somewhat thin and pale, her face next morning presented an appearance like the flush of rosy, robust health. The natural expression of the features was entirely changed. The action of the oil produced no pimples or pos tules; there was only the Bwelling and the redness. The swelling was uniform, and the skin remained smooth. The change in ber appearance was so marked that no one could have recognized her.- ,- Washington TtUyraph. 