EMIGRATION, THE REFORMER. (From the Weekly Dispatch, October 19.) . Mr. Editor-Tho Times mid Mr. Pa.ul Foslcott havo booh discussing tho Celtic nnd British Exodus" with especial view to tho Free Trade quosiioin Mr. Paúl Fos kott, who is second in command in tho Protectionist rump corps, mulei' tho cap- tainship of Mr. G. F. Young,, vieo D'ls racli resigned, opines that all tho culti- vators of tho soil will flit, and that tue rest of us will find it precious hard work to IcnVo our sqvcrnl occupations for tho plough tail, and ralso our own food, as wo must, or go without, when nil tho pro- ducers havo dopartcd. Upon.which tho Timcé advises Mr. Paul Foskctt And his pnrty to depart also, favouring Now Eng- land with a vpry novel species of Pilgrim Futhbrs. I shall leave their chosen battle field to tho combatants in possession of it. This now lióok of Üxodus" lins óthor toxts, and of no small import- ance. Certainly thoprcschtratcofomigfation from tho tlnitod Kingdom iri without a parallel in tito world's history sinco tho great migration of tho northern tribes. In Ireland, it is thc reaction from landlord- ism. That country has boori sacrificed tb the cravings'of a spendthrift and bnnkr'iipt proprietary. A system which burdens rt million of Vont with high Interest for twonty millions of incüinbrnncó, was ob- viously doomed to break down. Tho fumino was an aggravation, but ntl aggrii tion qiily. T^ho crash must hilve como, ovoii had thc potato novor taken to rot- ting. Breeding pauper Voters, hy small holdings, for tho snko of political in- fluence, nnd when thnt gamo was tip, sodding thom adrift to die in ditches, was n diabolical atrocity finio,to goncrntd its own Nemesis. Wo road tlio retribution in tho fact of .1,000 Irish emigrants per diem to tho United Stntcs. This is only j one portion of tho process. It is not thnt which is destined to bo tho most gönornlly operativo, or tho most permanently power- ful. Emigration is in tho way to become a iioiv principio or infiiienco in tho world, probably realising results ns extraordinary as tho invention of printing, or tho disco- very of America. Hitherto, it lins chiefly hoon the moans of draining old countries of those portions of tholr population which tho rcmnlndor wore not sorry to bo. woll rid of. It abstracted tho politically or socially discontented; who, wliothor vijjhily or wrongly, could neither' hq quiet tiium aolvoo, nor lot tholr neighbours ho quiet. lt relieved tho Pollco and spared tho Courts of Justico much time which would havo boon consumed in trials for sedition or i runyon. Many chisses, as every batch departed, echoed tho exclamation of jolly Jack Fuller "Them that don't like England, cl-i them, let them Jon ve it," Nat les pleasant for many was it to witness th: ,f exodus" of the struggling poor, whos* work was not wanted, whoso lahour was t drug in tho market," and who, whotho they succeeded or failed ; wlicthor thej bettered their condition, or manured tin wilderness with thoir corpses ; whefhe they reached their destination, or fed tin fishes in tho depths of tho Atlantic, stil cased their parishes of an apprcheudci burden of rates. This is no longer tin character of emigration - not tho sob chnractor, I mean ; no, not in Ireland Tho tido now is of mon with small capita and groat energy. They aro iiot so mucl repelled from Ireland, as attracted t< America. The Impulse is not a necessity but a pWfcroúcc. New circumstance: have produced this now phase of Emigra lion. Various influences present it in t new light to.'tho public mind. There an our increased and rapid modes of comtnu nication. .The Norfolk farmer knowi moro now of tho Valley of tho Mississipp than ho formerly did of tho 'county o Devonshire^-.- .? Everybody - travels;- aire through long distances compared wit] former journeys. Locomotion is nindi fumiliar. Tho chango is ns if tho vege table tribes .became animal, and luarchci off, or flew away. What may, bo eullui tho Home Emigration is enormous as is shown by tho Census. Tin weights of . tho social scalo or< continually shifting. Then, again; cvor tho peasantry havo peeped into forcigi countries through tho gates of tho Crysta Palace. It is seen how things convenien and useful aro to found all tho world ovor What will follow ? Why this, befon long; tlint whoever docs not like Englaiu will take old drunken Jack Fuller's advice and leave it. .Why should ho net? Tin old dread of Emigration is faded into tli< mero ghost of a defunct prejudice. Those who aro not well treated will lcavo theil D.I.O., and vanish. We shall soon ceási to hear of a congestion of population, or o capital. Tho social disease will changi from repletion to exhaustion. If landlord: mean to keep their tenants, if capitalist: mean to keep their operatives, or if Go ve'rnmonts mean to keep thoir subjects they must uso them well. They will Josi them oise. This is why I call E:ni gration a Iioformor. It is putting it: hand to tho plough of reform work, and before many years pass, wc 9hall begin t< seo tho results. People will not stay hen to cat taxed broad, should n fixed duty o: any such folly bo cvor tried, when ter days will take thom whciio they can got i freo. ' IB a man mad for tho suffrago, ant won't Lord John give it him, Amcrici will, and with tho freedom of Ballot inte tho bargain. Wo aro to have moro rio« Bishops soon; A corrupt Church ii spreading its net over tho entire land. A now Crozier is forthwith to wave over thc Islands of Jersey and Guornsoy. ' This ii only tho beginning of^a system that is t< plant episcopal lords, with theil pahicës, and their thousands pot annum in every district that can convc niontly bo Carved oiifc bf tito old dioceses Tho locusts will devour ovdry groon thing A Bishop squashes liberalism when lu makes a town his seo or scat, like Hood' fat woman malting n spoilt child. Ho is i central pdt nt for all tho (< respectability' of tho placo. Tho rich Dissenters toady him, as they are now doing at Manchester : and time-serving Radicals begin to sing small. Amid tho disgust and irritation sure to follow, America says; Look at my Bishops ; they are just as good ; they have tho Apostolical succession, too, if that be an object ; they preach and do their duties, have 300l. a year, and are not Lords." Will this have no effect ? Two centuries ago, tho country suffered sorely under this plague of Bishops. It outraged all tho sturdy religious spirits of tho nation. And what did they ? The Bishops made half of them Emigrants, and tho other half rebels. But 'tis no wilder- ness now that awaits tho Pilgrims. They will not be driven to feed on whilks, nor be startled at midnight by tho Indian war whoop. Emigration is an auctioneer. It sells tho Population, tho highest bidder to be tho buyer. And there will come a bidding of light Taxation against heavy, of Equality against Oligarchy, of Republican- ism against Monarchy, and of America against Europe. Lord John Russell should anticipate this state of things in framing tho new Reform Bill, and mend his bidding accordingly. If tho privileged classes stand too much on their own privileges, they may be left alone in their glory. This is no question of surplus population ; nor of a riddance of burdensome or dan- gerous classes ; but of tho very strength nnd vitality of a State. A new necessity is arising for such legislation as shall tend to the general satisfaction and content- ment. People will not stay here to be starved, nor to be oppressed or plundered. It is only now a jump across tho herring pond. And there is our language and literature all ready. Our hotels are there, with doors open! Our religion is there, without its rascally rates and tithes. Let tho Lords, and tho Lord-Commoners, and tho Lord Bishops;: .and tho monopolist classes, whether of land or place, stand and look steadily westward; and consider what they had better do to hold our people and country well together. Sir -Joshua Walmsley is a good Reformer, but Emigration will prove a better. Hume's motion goes far, but Emigration's motion goes farther. It were a friendly act to wards tho Premier to train a parrot, and hang it up in his office while he is con- cocting his Reform Bill, that whenever he is boggling at any point of improvement, and thinking that he will stop here, or stop there, it may scream in his ears, " Emigration, Emigration! " and so send him on to larger concessions ; for large they must be, if that cry cease to be a voice of Reform. Than, tho Colonies ! To make them competitors in the market for our move- able population, is certainly not the result to which Earl Grey's mea- sures tend. But they will make them- selves so. They mo nlrrtuly another battle-field fov Reform. Without a prompt MK! oxionslvo chongo of policy, all tho foremost of them ore on tho eve of in- dependence. Tim spirit of Washington and Franklin speaks in the " Declaration and Remonstrance!*' of tho Legislativo Council of New South Wales. They will no Jo'ugcr be jobbed by tho Colonial Office. They have tuleen their stand on thc broad principio, ''that tho Imperial Pnrlmmci t luis not.iior of right ought to have, any power to tax the Pcoplo of this Colony, or to appropriate any of the monica levied by authority of the Colonial Legislatruro.*' It is tho old story over again. " Nature and fato have urged their course iu vain." Boston would not bo taxed in its iuipojrts ; New Zealand and Australia will not bo taxed by England ad libitum for Gover- nors and Bishops. Many emigrants will go to our Colonies already well instructed in tho principles of Civil and Religious Liberty ; for thoso who aro not, there is a capital school open, and they will soon learn. Tho costly tomfooleries of Sir Harry Smith with thc Kaffirs aro working hard on tho minds of tho Capo colonists. It is not tho United States only that our rulers must look to. From all regions to- wards which Emigration flows,'comes a voice declaring that Countries are for Peo- ples, and not for Classes. Tho armies of Reform aro not morely in Manchester br Metropolitan meetings, they aro at tho Antipodes ; they aro ia our American rivals, and our American subjects ; they are in tho wide-spread hosts, who in re- motest regions, are conquering tho soil for , themselves, and helping to conquer reform for us. In common pru denco, Government must look a-hcud, and go a-hcad. It will not do to count noses at tho Poúltry, or peep into a petition in the hopo of spying a questionable signa turo, and then saying, " O, thia docs not amount to milch ; tho agitation is not formidable ; à little extension of the suf- frage will pacify tho movompnt." Tho agitation is powerful in tho sight of thoso who take- n wide purview, and mark tho shadows of coming events. It is no sbasoh for patchwork. Principles of hu- man nature, tendencies of progress, work- ings of many minds in many lands-these aro the great Lcaguo, greater than that which ropenlcd tho Corn Laws, which is banded for tho thorough reform that will make representation a reality. Tho signs of tho times aro not obscure ' Wo only want statesmen of moral insight and moral courngo to read them, and act upon their dictatos. Tho great desideratum of tho coming Roform is, that it should have tho power of self-adjustment. It should not bo framed for 20 j'cars, but for ages. If tho suffrage be not universal;.'there should bo provisions by which it can bócbmo, uni- versal without further onaotmont. If tho number of representativos bo adjusted to tho changed population; -itt localities, si nco tho Reform Act, thoir.number should also bo onpablo of accommodating itBolftotho changes which tho next Cbnsus will shew. Wo havo had cnóügh of 'arrangements, seemingly popular, hut which tho lapso of a fow years make oligarchical and aristo cratical,. , bocauso they embodied no prin- cipio. Boroughs rot and towns grow with far greater rapidity tliaii in fernier times. Thora aro seeds in tho Reform Act of u. crop of Old Sarums, anti many of them aro visibly germinating. And look nt a metropolis which augmonts itself by al- most half a million of pooplo in half a century. Is tliat to bo treated as a fixed quantity? , Has Lord John Russell never hoard of tho doctrino of {luxions ? Representation must bear tho same relation to tho increased, or to the diminished ntimbor, ns it did to tho original population, or it is Only the re- presentative of a linnie, or a space, nail not that of either tho pooplo cir tho pro- perty of a district. Tho adjustment of Representation, bo it remembered, is part of tho America bid for tho pooplo of Enropo. Wo aro not ni tho old snug, private salo where tho only bidding wa« between Whig and Tory ; and they wero ovor randy to como to compromise. This ia a world auction. Governments that want subjects--and what Civil they dr» without them?-must pay accordingly. If they will not.rbfornl themselves, Emi- gration will, reform .thom, or will help mightily. Wo hall this new alliance It is n grmid accession of strength. It pro- mises', and ensures triumph. And so lot, us work on. honcfullv and manfully. PUBLICOLA, 