THE GREAT ANTI-TRANSPORTATION LEAGUE MEETING. (From the Sydney papers of Sth instant.) The great meeting of the members of the Ans tralasian League, and .Culonists of, New South WVales generally, conventtd :or the purpose of taking into consideration Earl Grey's,determinn tion to continue transportation to Vats- D lemen's Land, as avowed by him to the VictotiA Delegate, Mr. King, and to adopt an address to the people of that colony, expressive of the cottinned in terest and sympathy of this colony, took place on Tuesday evening, at Malcom's Circus, York street. The President of the Laagne, Mr. Charles Cowper, bI.L.C., occupied the chair. The atten dance was highly respectable, and unsibered between 1500 to 2000 persons. The Chairman, who was received whit enthu. slastic cheers, in opening the business of the even ing, read the advertisements calling the meeting, and stated that most opportunely for its object, a highly important document had that day been received overlaind from Port Philip. It was an anthentic report by Mr. King, the Victoria Delegate, corrected by Earl Grey himself, of what took pilace between the Secretary for the Colonies and Mr. !ting, on the subject of transportation. It was a moat interesting document, and would aid them materially in disenssing the question before themt. lHe would therefore call upon ti1e worthy Secretary, Mr. WVilght, to read the report, before proceeding Kith the btsiness of the even Iug. (Cheeis). The Secretary, who was warmly received, then read the doenmest referred to, which was heard with strong marks of disapprobation. The Chairman said,-Ali must agree with hins that It was most fortunate that this document had conic to hand at so critical and appropriate a period. It was broisught by a fast vessel to Vas Diemen's Land, fnrwusrded by tme mails, and sad come in most fortunately. At first hi hais some diflicuity it making up -his mind as to wlt they bad to compilin of in the interview of Earl Grey with sMr. King, the delegate of the Leaghe frost Victoria. The desisatchh feoms London was short, in order to ie in tise los the post, asid cosse quently did not give enough information. Now, however, they were acqusainted with what had passed ott lists occasion, and there couid not ho two opinions tstongst them respecting this isos porrant document. The Connesl of hies Leagne woisd assemble it a few days in 1-Hobart Town, and the hearty expression of the sympathy el that tmeetisg won lend si as additional tustre. to their cause, atnt cheer and encourage their suffer ing bretisren inVest Dienten's Lsnd, by .showing that the people of New South IVWles were willing to join them in fightinse ms battle of, smnti-trans. portatios (cheers).. He said fight the battle, fur he was anntost iselint d to thick that. they must give over petitioning and remonstrating, anti adopt a diffirent tone upost title ensject (great applause). He did not like the word fight, blat if the neceasity was thrust upon them,. the, fatlt wouid not rest with them. They had mtich to encourage themt in.tise suceess of their past effortst The order. cotverting this colony again into it penai settlement had been repealed. Thotghs sonen amongst them were enemies to the cause, their principles were gaining more strengith, ant) many who had hitherto kept aloof froen the anti.. transportation cause were joining in It. He had( been highly gratified to see lHe naobtý amid imowerful manner in which. the British press tied taken mup their casse. of late, and that asthongh sonie of (se English journals were for merly in favour. of transportation, yet they luaau lately advocated their canse, and called upon the goversmsesst not to maske a cesspool of the colo tles. The colonies had powerful friends uatd advocates in the mother country, both in limrlia tnent and it tie country,,twho woetud letud is their assistance . iti every -way likely to " ensure success. With those gentlemen sthey of tile Leaugse kept,up a reguilar orrespondetce,and by this means were able to itfinence not only Lord Grey, lint the instabitants of Great Britain also. If it was found that the jinsushment of trans portation to.tiese colonies encouraged instead of premseted t(ie commission of crime in the mother country, ttsey would have the best possible args ment against the persisting in a policy which wonid injure theinatlon instead of benefitting it. They had the legislatures of all the colonies with ttem in their struggle sgainst thit system. If Earl Grey really desired to be arquainted with tse deliberate opinionsa of the colonies, he wosid not long ht kept it ignornice of them, if they had tsnt alreaidy reached himt. But if, in spite of slt, le wonid still persist in a policy which they believed aunt knew was usost prejudicial to the colonies, end subversive of tsheli sest interests, there. wais a loyalty superior to what was die to the cjown-the loyalty they owed to their witsea ati thieir children (great appliause). It a few daus tso would be is Vat Diemen's Land, and he would have the high gratification of conveing to the menibers of te Legislative Council there, thiat asoembtlj's hearty approbation of their noble conduct. Before calling upon the gentlemen to wso'e the ressolutionts, ise begged to state, that with a view of getting as powerfiu a demonstration as possible on that occasion, he had addressed letters to. seseral members of the Legislative Council. He would first read Mr. Wentworthi's answer: Sydney, lot April, 1852. Sir-. have to state, in reply to yours of the 20thi ultimo, that whenever the conduct of tih: 1-Home Government In regard to theconvict question shill come before the Legislative Council, I shail not fail to redeem every pledge I have given to my constituents. mut I must decline in any way to identify myself wilh the Lengue, or with any pro ceedings which may be origlnated by that body. I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient humble servant, 1V. C. WENTwowrTe. Charles Cowper, Esq., 11. L. C. (Groisns). He had felt justified in addressing 1uIr. IVentwotis, solicting his co-operation ont the present occasion, remesnliembig the observations the ionourable member for Sydney had address~d to hIss constituents at the last election. lie wonid read ass extract from sMr. Wentworth's speech: " I think it- equally due to myself and the con stituency at large whoso suf'rages I am soliciting, to give them publicity and to state unequivocauly that C shall tn future support, whether I be in the Legislature or out of It, every proposition which shall oppose the revival of transportation in this colony under whatever modilicatlon, or which shall insist upon Its immediate abolition in the whole at the colonies forming the Australian group. I should, indeed, feel no hseitaton itn joinin in any re tonatrance which should have for its object to s depreciate the formation of any penal colony in the i southern hemisphere." Mr. Cowper also read letters which he had re- a ceived from S. A. Donaldson, M.L.O., and Mr. J. 1 B. Darvall, M.L.O. The former gentleman said a that, " with every good wish for the success of the 1 object contemplated by the promoters of the pro. a poaed pubtlic meeting, I must decline taking part I in the proceedings, for this reason, amongst others, a that I prefer expressing my opinions and recording a may vote upon the question of transportation in any place in the legislative council," Mr. Darvali, after expressing hiis opposition to I transportation to any of the Australian colonies, and lila hope that its cessation would soon be obtained, said,-" Holding these opinions, and being pledged to assist in the suppression of trans. portation to these colonies, I am moat anxious that every usefulness I may possess may be best employed for nay constituents, and, after much consideration, I have come to the conclusion that, as I might, perhaps, not quite concur with all the energetic expressions of a public meeting on this exciting question, it is better that I should decline your very courteous invitation, and reserve the expression of my opinion, and my vote, for the discussion of this matter which must take place In tht legislative council." The Chairman read letters from other gentle men, regretting their inability to attend. Mr. Lamb, M.L.C., who was received with enthusiastic applause, said, that he had received the letter from the Councli of the League re. questing him to move the first resolution that evening, when at a considerable distance from Sydney in the country, but he had felt it his duty to comply with the request, even at some sacrifice of time and convenience. He felt that it was iis duty to doso, in return for the honour which the citzens of.Bydiuey had conferred upon him by electing hbias to the position of their representative in the legislature. Although iis honorable and learned colleague, Mr. Wentworth, had not re aponded tio the invitation to be present that evening, yet it was satisfactory to see that Iis other honorable colleague, Mr. R. Campbell, was there with them. Before going into the question he wouldvread the resolution which had been entrnsted~io him to move, which was as follows: " Tiat, io long as Van Diemen's Land continues oppressed by transportation, all the other colonies of A ustralasia are bound by sympathy and generosity, as well as impelled by self-interest, to aid in her deliverence from this. clinging curse; and this meeting solemnly pledges itself'to unite with, and assist the Tasmanian colonists in their efforts to obtain its entire abolition." After the speech of their worthy chairman, it nseeded no observations of huis to enlist the synspa tlsies of that' meeting with the people of Vans Diemeni's Land. Their. interests were so closely knit with those of the Tasmanians that it was a duty they owed to themselves not to desert them in the time of need. They had heard the letter which had'been read giving an account of the ini terview of the delegate from Victoria, Mr. King, with Earl Grey. Now it was. enough to siake them call Iis lordship some . very ugly names to read asuch observations from him. Their worthy ehmairman said lie had lisa doubts at first whether they could make out a saifihcient case against his lordship for their meeting there that evening, hut that this letter had furnished grounds sufficient. Now it needed not this additional proof of Earl Grey's Insulatig treatment of the colonies to war rant their assembling there that evening. For years they had had insult and injury heaped upon them by lis lordship. This was not the first time Lord Grey had said that convicts were men of as gpod clharacter as the free immigrants. Every immigrant had a right to compasin of this most uimjust and. insulting remark. What Earl Grey had recorded in that minute concerning transpor tation to these colonies included those plausible fallacies with which lisa lordship had so long hoodwinked the imperial parliament. He was satisfied that the press in the mother country would take up our cause, and that Lord Grey would find we were not to be injured and insulted with impunity. The meethig had no doubt gathered from the newspaperstliat the legislature of Van Dieinen's Land' lad passed a series of resolutions, repudiating transportation in every shape and form. They haid cast from them every temptation in the shape of cheap roads, bridges, and wharves, and said unmistakeably that they would have omone of the accursed thing." He thought that meeting was very properly convened to express the public approbation of the noble sondnect of the Tuismniians. Not a single member had liven elected to the first representative council in Vai Diemen's Land, who had pledged himself to oppose transportation, hut had redeemed his pledge, He hoped, notwithstanding the unke warmness of some of our representatives, that they would redeem the pledges they had given to their constituents. It was said by his learned colleague last session that the time for. petition and remonstance was, passing away, and that some amore energetic means must be adopted for securing attention to their complaints. Earl Grey. said, amongst other fallacies, that all, or nearly all the most respectable inhabitants of Moreton Bay were in favor of transportation. The best answer to this was, that all the constituencies ofany import once in point of population had sent amiti.transpor tation members to the councli. Because some individial remotely connected with some noble house in England, finds that lie and one or two more of isia class are in favor of transportation, and writes accordingly to England, Earl Grey tells the British parliament that the whole of time popim lation is. in favor of transportationi. The victim' of this absurd delusion has said so so often, that it is probable he at last has persauaded himself that it as true. At any rate nobody else believes it. When they were last met to discuss this. question there was a strong opinion prevailing that the gold discovery woaid settle it and cuttheGordian knot. But, on tie contrary, Lord Grey with extraordinary pervesaity, coasaiders this discovery ga thi strongest poasibie reason for con.ini.ing to send prisoners to the British colonies. The ft perversity of this man's disposition was such, that C what strikes ten thousand people in one way, y strikes his lordship in another directly opposite. L If they determined one thina, his lordship would h determine some different. This was a moat on- ti happy state of things. If by his miagovernmient i of these colonies he continued to exacerbate the v feelings and alienate the affections of the colonists, e sooner or later a separation from the mother ii country would take piace (cries of "the sooner t the better"). For his own part, ire wished to p avert such a contingency. He would rather- see e them still in union with Great Brita'in,jaid e citerilhing stilltall those feelings of loyalty to the R government and good fellowship with the people t of their mother country, r The Venerable Archdeacon McEneroe, in r rising to second the resolution, was received with a loud and prolonged cheering. It was with feel ings of great cordiality that ire undertook to per- e form this dity, and to join With them in expressing ni their condolence with their suffering brethren of f Van Diemen's Land, and. firm determination to t support them in the strngglein .which they were I engaged (cheers)& The people of Van _pie men's Land ptight be considered asa partofi hem, ( selves, and it was a well-known fact that when ' one member of the body politic suffered, the , whole must suffer. If the people of that colony suffered from transportation, it followed, as a' natural consequence, that the whole Australian r group iutist suffer in proportion (cheers). It was, 1 therefore, their imperative duty to take asi active I part il the struggle which was now going I on (cheers). He confessed it was most sickening, considering how much time had been spent in the I agitation of this question, to be compelled to turn r to it again. At first sight it would appear as if Esrl'Grey-had said to them, " the more yoi speak i thie more will I be obstinate" (laughter). Hitherto I they had been unsuccessful, .althtongthey had' repeatedly expressed their opinion both tlirbtigh their recognised organs and by the constitiutions!' mode of public discussion. But that was mo reason why they shouuld not persevere, for. there could be .no doubt that in the end truth and I justice must triumph. They shouild remember I the anecdote, in which it was said that a lesson repeated too often would kill any schoolmaster (laughter). They had, by their own exertions, succeeded in freeing themselves from direct transt portation, by obtaining the revocation of the order in council, but so long as any part of the Australian colonies was afflicted with the system, they could not, possibly escape uncontaminated (cheers). Speaking, as he did, with the knowledge of a christian clergyman of twenty years' experience, Ito would tell Earl Grey, that not all the wealth of Pittus would coiupetnsate these colonies for the infliction he was about to perpetuate upon them (cheers). It must be admitted, on all hands, that the cplonists knew better what would suit them, amid what would not, than any. body could tell them, atd that they had, accordingly, arrived at " the opinion that transportation would not suit, and yet Earl Grey persisted in thrusting it upon, lithem, saying, in almost as many words, " Oh, º you don't know what's good for yon you.)are a set of fools (laugbter and cheers)." He treited r that the'people of England and the executive t would review this question with more calmnesa t and deliberation than seemed to have been given to it yet in the colonialoffice, either by Earl Grey I or any of his compeers, for they must know that \- the men at the head of-this League-the men who r spent their time and money in the promotion of thlis great object did, so in order to prevent a con ; vnulion which, when otice begun, no man can tell t where it may end. He came forward as a peace ' maker, but should any serious consequence arise, t he confessed the responsibility ought to rest with r him who hlis thought proper to provoke them. It " was evident' that stchs a convulsion must take place if this systemnof transportation becontinued, and it was only proper that they should begin to s consider the conseqtiences, and, if possible, guard r against'them (cheers). England may transport r her criminals whither she thinks proper, hut she I must not transport them to these colonies (rheers). t The League, as they were all aware, was organised t to promotethie happiness and good government of f the colonies by getting rid of that which was the y greatest obstacle to both--transportation. -The y efforts of this body in that direction spoke mhore , plainly titan-any thing he could say, and'1 e Iiad y no "doubt that these efforts would eventually be a successful. They had heard a great deal about I friendship from- the colonial office, and'abouit'the desires of Lord Grey for the welfare of the r Australian.colonies. But-there was an old saying I very applicable to lila lordship's kindness, "Save f me from my friendsa" (laughter). He believed, in his heart, that Site greatest enemies to the crown \- of Great Britain were to tie found in-her majesty's t ministers themselves, There was no man living a so great an. enemy to the queen as the man who I now ruled in the colonial office. And if the pre sent course was persisted in, lie, for one, had no i hesitation in saying-that.he would become a de g magogue himself, to resist the tyranny of their rulers (lood cheers). It appeared to him tlist the e right hon. the secretaty for the colonies wad so a fond of despotic power that he had better go to a the emperor of Russia atoonce (cheers). He did uot like autocrats of any kind, lut hecertainly preferred \- a legitimate autocrat to one from Downing-street. 3 Let those who have the administrative powers of a government invested in them remember, that a whilst law amid order should go pari poasuwith good feeling and content, we may be driven after a all to" cut the paluter," if our just rights be in \- definitely withheld from us (loud, cheers).. Let n the mother country remember that whilst wede t sire to go hand in hand with her, we at the same :t time feel determined to protect our own interests. I. and those of the ineighboring colonies, at all it hazards (bheern). He felt there was a point-at e which loyalty itself became a crime (cheers). He n had no doubt that if the Queen was aware of.thie lt feeling which existed in the colonies agaitst Earl y 0rcy, site wotld place the question of colonial a gidmninistr- atioin ci a bati stic hid would be satie factory to all. In fact, she would say to Earl cc Grey, "You have lived to ruin our colonies-now to yon can go about your business" (loud cheers). le He would tell the government that whilst " no tI hands were more loyal than ours," we knew how n to be loyal to ourselves (loud cheers). He trusted, p however, that their efforts would be crowned a. with success, long before they should have ocea. S sion to speak.to the Right Honorable Secretary tm in terms so strong as to involve a rupture with n the parent country. But in the event of their ti petitions and remonstrances in favor of the people ti of Van Diemen's Land being rejected by time I officials of Downingistreet, it should not te for. v gotten that the people of these colonies have both b the spirit and the ability to enforce their just in rights (bond cheers).. He begged to second the a resolution. The rev, gentleman resumed his seat g amidst loud applause. h Mr. 0. Kemp said that a delegate from these ti colonies, wishing to impress on her Majesty's I ministers the fearful' consequences likely to arise k from tme.system of transportation to these cole- a uies beting persisted in, could not use a more ti powerful argument than to draw their attention t' to the. three speeches which they had just heard ti (hear, hear). Every one knew that a more peace. v able man. than their worthy chairman did not t exist in the colony; the gallaint officer who moved I the first resolution had In Ilii early life fought for ii his King and country, and' womid doubtless do t so again if called upon, while the seconder was 'by profesasion and education a preacher of t peace; and yet these three gentlemen all saw I mite same result shaldowed forth (hear, hear). i It was necessary that the League should redouble r its exertions (hear) ; they had not to appeal to a a minister who was anxious to do justice,, limt to. one. whose mind had been prejudiced' against I them, and who from his earliest days had been c noted for liis dogged perverse disposition. Whlen I their chairmian returned fromt Van Diemen's 1 Land to report the proceedings of the conference, I he thought they might call a meeting, and petition I the legislature to pass a resolution that they would I not, after this year, vote any moneys (cheers) t until the transportation question was satiafactorily I settled. This would be following the precedent i set by Van Dienmen's Land, and by giving a year's ] notice they would show tbyy were not actuated u by a desire to impede the government, but by a I determination to have the question settled.(hear). I The governor-general, when the Legislative Comni i cil voted against transportation, im 1850,.wrote to i the Secretary of State that in his opinion it was necessary for the peace and good' government of the colony that transportation should cease, and the order in council, be revoked (hear, hear): Lord Grey nominally complied with this request, but in reality evaded it by his endeavors to aepa. rate Moreton Bay. WVhen the probability of this course was alluded to in the Legislative Conmcil, that most honest of public officers, the Attorney General (cheers), repudiated the idea with scorn, as one so umnworthy that itwas impossible to con ceive Lord Grey could be guilty of it; but at the very time the Attorney-General was making this speech, the noble lorid was endeavoring to carry out the scheme which the Attorney-General said was impossible. "When the sentiments of the colonists here were unequivocally expreased, Sir Charles.Fitz Roy at once advised that theisystem should lie discontinued.. His' Excellency: Sir William Denison, however, pursued a different course. It was but a. few days since that the Legislative Council of Van Diemen's Laud was prorogued;' lie had not seen his Excellency's speech, iut he was aware that in. alluding to the measures of the session he had expresed Iais deep . sorrow at the address against transportation which hlid been agreed to (oh, oh). From all tie comid I ascertain, the colonists of Van Diemen's Land b required their sympathy for having over themu a ! governor, who with doubtless the best inten tions, acted as perversely and obstinately as the noble Secretary of State imiusself. The resolution was then put, and carried una t uimously.. Mr. G. K. Holden, who was received with loud cheers, moved the following resolution: '" That this meeting records the warm expression F of its admiration and respect for the patriotic repro. asentative members of the Van' Diemen'a Land j Legislature in the noble stand which they have taken on this important amid vital question." I He said, I have the more pleasure.im'smlmmitting a to you this motion, because F recognise iunthe t proceedings of the Tasmanian Legislature, as well ! as in those of this colony, evidence of the rapid a advance of this League in its constitutional and m hitherto peaceful struggle. And I will even vemi a hre to say (despite of' te wicked provocation s given by Earl Grey, to a breach of peace), an a earnest of our speedy and bloodless triumph s (cheers). The justice of our cause lias been por. trayed by meams of the League in smubeams, and by a sudden intervention of Providence, it has bmeen emblmzoned in letters of gold (cheers). We > have carried its light to every colonial hustings, and into every hall, of colonial lenislatioi. We r are now conveying it through the British press to a thie British people and parliament; and although a the last place it may reachsmay be the dark pir liens of Downing-street, the mole-eyed Belshazzar t who rules there,. may yet see the ghost of this 1 League writing before him outthe wall,'" Mene mmemme Tekel upharsin."-TThy kingdom is departed I f (loud cheers). Our present source of congratula tion is, that we have obtained full possession of our In colonial legislatures. The natural current of dir r cnmstances had ' previously carried into them \- many individuals, who instead of truly represent. t ing the feelings or their fellow-colonists on this \- great question, had interests. directly adverse. e Somue with views altogether official and imperial, regarding the welfare of the colonists and their I childrenas a mere drop in the-wide ocean of.Bri t alsh policy. Others, hankering after the loaves e and fishes of thie convict system, and expectant e of the lion's share of commiissariat carrion (cheers). I To continue this state of things was this musiness I of Earl Grey; to terminate it, ours: and for this \- rnd sonie mmcii organisdtion of pmubile opimilon am Ia comprised in our League had become necesuar to render the elective portion, at least, of tIIe legislature, a juat mirror of the popular mind on tiis vital question, and to take care that no merit no talents, no services, on any other shonid be purchased by one wrong vote on this. This areat end las our League accomplished. In New South Wales the effect of the sold discovery etas to place at our mercy Earl Grey s own pantis. mentary guns-either to be thrown overboard or to be used agaimst hinmself. Whtile we were in the very act of spiking site greatest of these guns. he turned his mutze rotndi the right way, alit was thts spared for our service and our enemy's bitter discomfiture; and although this old tiom may fire a sly kick at his new alsies, retmmisceint ofan old grudge, Ito matter; we can affitd to give him a wide berth-we can let him off with a long match, and all we hope is, the more ho kicks the better may he carry (laughter and cheerse It appears, however, that Earl Grey will only keep faith with the comncil of New South ti'ales, on the condition of their breaking faith with their constietueits I No sooner do they show themselves itonest as a body, and refuse to remain Iita tools, than ite opens a new treaty with indi. vidmal traitors. We may send the twelve Apos ties, if we please, to represent us in comicil. Let him oths find one Judas member represent. ing one Iscariot province, and he Ihasmeus to offer time bribe of a separate government for the ex. press purpose of convertimg the whole continent through it Into a convict Aceldama (cheera). But there is one feature in this case which gives it an air of rilictlo, aimost eqmua to that of its wickedness. Eager as Earl Grey isas showut him. self to act the role of the chief 1triest, it is quite possible he may present himself to le hooted en the stage alone, and may jingle his thirty pieces of silver without finding any Judas to receive his bribe. At the very time when lie is plotting in London to break through statute law and pliuie faith, in order, to satisfy the supposed craving of the ghouts of Moreton Bay for conwicts rejected by New Soutih Wales, Brisbane elects two omppo. nette of transportation as its representatilve, thus proving that the principles of the League are paramount .even itn Moreton Bay, and that Earl Grey's policy cannot dud support from any colouial constituency, where the Christians are beginning to out-number the kangaroos. I need hardly say, that in Vicoeria, in- South Anstralit, and in New Zealand, the legislatures have atl proved faithful to the eorect of. our League, Nothing- less cotid have been expected, even by Earl Grey himself. With Tetaniania the case was otherwise. There is little doubt that up to the last moment, Earl-Grey had teen imbued Icy hila Tas' miammia pirivate advice, with time hope oe a reaction " against. the League amongst Tasmanian i frmers, t in consequence of the drain of labour to the Australian gold' mines, and of securing this a " subservient majority in the new legislatnre (cheers). This, no doubt, greatly-inflnenced Earl " Grey's confident beari:ig towards the Victoria i delegate in Decenlmoer last. For, althloutghm Mr. tKing warns Earl Grey of the expected election of r meembers ofcomncil in Van Diemen's Land, op. Iposed to transportation, he could not then have n known it as a fact, and Earl Grey passes the r subject by with this cool remark, -"If the gold t discoveries in New South Wales proved as extet r sive as we are led to expect, the people of Van t Diemen's Land -woulddsuon discover the advan stages which they possessed over-the other Anstra a lion colonies, in having througl. their convict a establishments, an. abmndannt supply of cheap e labour" (hisses). It yet remains to beIseen vshnat a will be the effect, first, on -Earl Grey hmiself; r and, aecondly, on the British nation amid 1uarlia I men', of thie very different views of the question l expressed by the Van Diemen's Liuid council, in a the proceedings- for " which we - now tender them our thanks. [The speaker here read some of the e resolttiona, which were carried, on-the motions of Messrs. Sharland, Nutt, and Gregon, during tmie -lastsession of the Tasmanian LegislativeContnrilj When -these resolttions-reach England, and with 6m them the corresponding protests of all the Ans tralian colonies, and when they shall be sutmilled n to the British legislature, then, and not till then, may we consider time question Isetweei these col' 3 nie. asad the home government as fairly at issue. e Until- our appeal to the British nation and par. liament las absolutely. failed, Ifor-one will relise to transfer the indignation which the loathsome e tyranny of Earl Grey imas excited in my bosom, to Il the yet venerated name of England (loud cheers). J Mr. James Norton bad great pleasure in second' d Ing the resolution whsichithad just been moved. It \- was a. great satisfaction to him to know thlat n whatever battles they might have to fight-idiat n ever discussions might be elicitemi before this great It question, was settled-they tisd one important \- power on their side upon which they could rely. I However fruitless might have been thie discussions s and agitations upon this subject hitherto, it was e encouraging to know that they had called into i, operation a force which could not fail in thie end e to accomplish what every colonist-every Englisl o man- could desire (cheers), it was impossiblh It after what they had ieard that night of lime ainti \- ments of Earl Grey and the imperial governmmenl r not to feel that liis lordship trembled before time e voice of the legislature (cheers). It was impossible e not to see that his lordship, despite his perversity I and the many defeats to which he nad subjected \- them, was willing after-all to leave time question to r be determined by thie'egislatures. 'This uas s . great point in their favor. In supporting tmis n resolution lie was particularly anxious to inprens upon their minds the importance of what they Dad is already achiieved in sending men into the Leftsi lative Council -of their own sentiments-men an I, whom they might rely for a fair and able advocacy r of their wishes (cheers). It was by, this means \- only that they could imope evenitally to nchiierve a success. - But they had as yet much to do in rite it way of agitation and remonstrance to accomliliil ). tiis end. They were bound to watch closely the s actions of their representatives, and to exercise alt is all occasions a bold and uncompromising scrutiY :a into lime menastres brought for-ward-by them.li *emitted that it was not an easy matter to compel t to unfsitlhfui representative to vacate his place in 5 tie legislature. Although these persons might pot adopt this course, they would at least be aught a wholesome lesson, and discover how im obale it was that they would ever again receive suaffrages of their constituents (cheers). He agrrrd with Mr. Kemp, that they should look to Sie voting of the, estimates as the most prompt and efficacious method of procuring redress. Slouid it not be exercised in the present case I whlat more noble cause could it promote than that in which they were engaged P He would venture to say, without the slightest fear of contradiction, Shat if their representatives, would only take their stand upon the estimates, and determine for once to act with cordiality and unanimity, they could compel the government of this country. to express ll tr wishes as faithfully and as promptly as they could themselves (loud cheers). If every legisla. lure of the Australian colonies were to adopt this course, that is, to determine to withhold the esti mates until the government consented to redress their grievances, he was convinced that no govern ment in sthe world could long hold out againstt them. Let but the representatives of the people te faithful to their trust-let them only be deter mined and unanimous, and they can compel thie government to grant them all that they desire (cheers). They had a noble example o this in the Van Diemen's Land legislature-they had seen how powerful was the force that might be brought t to bear upon any public question, when the repre sentatives of the people chose to be unanimous. In their own legislature, however, he regretted to say lhere were men returned for the country who were not worthy of their confidence-gentlemen, whlo from thie tenor of their conduct ought to have been made nominees, and who were always to be found on the nominee benches (cheers). If they had had men in their legislature like the noble patriots of Van Diemni's Land-men of unfiincla mg hitegrity-mesh who really represented the sentiments of the community-they would'long since have had their grievances redressead and they might now hlave had the glory of witnessing this young colony springing into a nation honoured and respected by the world (cheers). They were all, no doubt, familiar with the convulsions whichla recently took place in Canada, and which ended in wringing from the imperial government some very large and'important concessions. He hoped tire noble example of the Van Diemen's land legis lature would not be lost sight of, and that the voice of the people would eventually be respected, and their grievances thoroughly redressed (cheers). Mr. Piddington said, thepubject load been pretty well exhausted by other speakers. It needed" no ronjuror to perceive that the assembly present viewed with the utmost disgust the tricks of Earl Grey, tine autocrat of the colonial office. This disgust , was natural: How had Isis lordship treated their petitions and remonstrances P Was it not with t(e utmost disregard and contempt P Had they not all fallen on his ear unheeded P His evasions and want of faith were incompre hensible P What was the pledge given two years ago by the pjrenier, in the house of commons, at the timeof.introadcing :tlhe bill for bestowing a constitution on.. all the Australian colonies P Were nut these the words of Lord John Russell on that;cceasion, ".That convicts should not be forced ontthe coloniats.against their will." Had this pledge been. kept, and were the colonies treated as integral portions of t(le British Empire P Far from it. And what sort of prisoners were they to expect would be sent'outP The British code had of late years been much ameliorated, and only tlae most heinous offenders were now sen tenced to transportation. He found by a return that the total committals in one year in the mother country were 20,000, only 2,500 of whom were santenced to transportation. What a dreadful calamity must it not be to have men-of such cha racter sent among them. It was a most grateful task to say anything in favour of the members of tie Tasmanian legislature. They had passed resolutions to thae effect tlatathey would in future vote only one-tlairteentlh of the estimated police and gaol expenditure (cheers). It wasa most melancholy consideration that the British government never endowed any establishments in the colonies but gaols. Before. these criminals are sent to these colonies as emigrants they go throughs all the grades of crime; and such miscreants as those engaged in the Frimley murders are landed uipon lor shores. It was much to be desired that othler legislatures nearer home would take pattern from the legislatures of Van Diemen's Land' (cheers). they have maintained their determined opposition to transportation with fidelity and constancy. Even although this important question was unsettled in that island, lie awaited with calmness lite result. They load shown their appreciation of hlie true method of affecting their purpose, and there were constitutional means sufficient to carry conviction into Downing-street itself. He would conclude by expressing lais high admiration of the conduct of that inflexible band of patriots, who lad acted so nobly in Tasmania (applause). Time resolution was then put and carried unani moausly, Mr. Robert Campbell, in coming forward, was received with loud anal continued cheering. He said the resolution which loe lad to move, would lie was-sure, commend itself to their hearts, witlh Orrt any observations from him. It naturally followed the previous one, and was equally im portant to the successful accomplishment of their robject. Having expressed sympatlhy witla tine people of Van Diemen's Land, and pledged themselves to resist transportation to that colony, tt was equally incumbent on them thatathey should Protect their own colony from dismemberment far penal Purposes. The resolution was as follows : "flint the determination avowed by Earl Grey ti thle Victoria delegate. Sir. King, on the authm November last, to persist in transportation to I55) Dlrmen's Lard, and so separato lMoareaun n3y from New. South Waics. for penal haaepuses, ibreach of his repeated promises, demands the itnignant reprobation of this meeting, and they bind themselves by all they hold dear and sacred, to resist to the uttermost an oppression so desolating,. hereby solemnly protesting, that the responsibility for all consequences will remain with their .( oppressor." Although he might not excel as a speaker, he believed that few amongst them had exerted themselves more ardently, or sacrificed more time in the great cause which they were met to promote than he haid (cheers). They were empisatically ( called upon to act-and lie would have them bear in mind that one good action was worth any number of brilliant speeches (cheers). For this reason lie trusted that the expression of their sympathy with the patriotic exertions of the Van Diemen's Land colonists wonid not end in mere words, but that something more practical would be done to assist them in getting rid of the convict curse (cheers). He trusted that by their combined influence, they would show the Imperial govern- a meat, that their petitions and remonstrances were I not to be neglected with impunity. And if Earl t Grey should persist in sending convicts to Van Diemen's Land, he hoped their advice to that I colony will be to do as their race had done before, I when their petitions and remonstrances failed l (loud cheers). Let them when the next transport t vessel arrived, resist to the uttermost the landing t of the convicts; if the worst should come, let t then rather throw the convicts overboard. than they should be let loose upon the country. This was the kind of advice which they should give to a people so oppressed and trodden down, as those of Van Diemen's Land (cheers). When he looked back at the many meetings that had been held upon this subject, and the many petitions I and remonstrances that had been sent home, he was really astonished that Earl Grey should per slat in a line of policy, which he knew was so utterly distasteful to nearly tlse whole of the Australian colonies, the same pernicious systeim was still being carried on, if not so extensively, at all events with equal vigour, and with the same immoral and degrading results (cheers). Atone1 of their meetings it was said by a clergyman that if the hateful question were not soon settled, it would result in endless discord, and eventuaaiy terminate in rebellion (cheers). No one who looked into the future, and considered the many frightful consequences attendant on the transpor tation system could deny the probability of such a termination. There were bounds even to loyalty, andt lie confessed that if there was anything cal culated to bring about a rebellion at was the humiliating and degrading way in which they were treated by Earl Grey (cheers). Mr. Flood felt highly honored in being called upon to second this resolution. It was not his intention, at that late hour, to make a speeci, but lie felt bound to state his determination to support the League, not merely with this humble mite, but with his humble self (applause). Something of importance to the country would arise out of this League. The thanks not only of the present generation,- but of generations yet unborn, were thie to site gentlemen of the League for their patriotic endeavors. The other day a respectable gentleman in this city had to go into the witness box in the supreme court; and the examining counsel put to him the insulting question- what offence had he committed which had brought him to this colony P He wished that every emancipist in the colony had been present on that occasion. Where was the emancipist that would advocate the renewal of transportation, and perpetuate such miserable fends ansi heartburnings as'existed-the legacy of the transportation system. He begged to record iis humble approval of the nooble and patriotic conduct of their friends in the sister colony. Mr. Gilbert Wright sipported the resolution. They had been repulsed at Site first onset-but baffled-not beaten-they must renew the attack I It was often charging that won the battle l (cheers) The assault must be lengthened into a siege (hear, hear). Their rejected petitions must be reiterated and reinforced by continual fresh supplies of more urgent and importunate demands! (hear itear). And it would he witls them, as with the Greeks before Troy; it was not Agamemnon, nor Ajax, nor Achilles-but the ten years' siege, that won site citadels (cheers). They had nothing to hope from site equity or honesty of Earl Grey (groans). That most mendacious minister (groans and laughter) had Stopp'd up the access and passage to flemorse, That no compunctious vsittings of Nature Shake his fell purpose. (Hear, hear). And they had little to expect from the clemency or justice of the imperial parliament (hear, hear). For even though trrnsportation were not, as it is, the traditionary policy of the empire (hear), the wrongs of remote dependencies are but little understood- and, still less cared for (hear, hear). Let us not then pursue Our state of vassatage, but rather seek. Our own good from surselves I (Cheers). To this end have the colonists of Aus tralasia joined hands, never to part, until all that is needed to complete their liberties shall have been achieved (loud cheers). When they had subdued the old dagron transportation (hear, hear), they would be in a position to merit, as well as accomplish, if not the concession, the con quest of all their constitutional rights and liberties (cheers). Their present combined hostlilities would but discipline and train them to future victories (cheering). For there were other battles before them I (hear, hear). They must not only wrest from colonial office tyranny the control of their crown lands, but they must wring from it all their other rights, administrative and legislative (cheers). They must extinguish nomineeism (cheers). All admire the masculine-and adore the feminine but who does not abhor the neuter gender P (laughter and cheers). Now, nominees areneuters P (Iaughter). Political eunuchs-unsexed senators -they must be squelched I (Immense laughter and cheers). And, if the colonies were but true to titemtselves, and to each other, the day was not thistant when all thirst' things woult be accomplished (lIar, hear, end cheers). A Nation-like a man in its time piays many parts Its acts being saven nages. (laughter.) But yesterday they were, An infant lllewtng and puking in the nurse's armsn; (laughter.) To-day they rather resembled The soldier, Jealous in honor, sudden and quick in quarrel. (cheers) seeking " reputation"-aye, and inde pendence-if requisite to "reputation"-(cheers)- Even in the cannon's mouth. A people must indeed be debased who could endure without grief or resentment to be down trodden and trampled upon by 'reansportation (hear, hear). To suIanrit would be to approve themselves (to use the laneguage of John Milton) " the lowermost tihe most defected, the most underfoot of vassals" (hear, hear). Thanks, however, to Edward Ham mond Hargraves, they would soon be " precipi tated into a nation" (cheers). Mr. Hargraves resembled Babe Abdallah in the Arabian Nights (laughter), round whose left eye, and upon whose left eye"lid the good Dervise applied an ointment, by the application of which the concealed treasures of the earth were disclosed to Isis view (laughter and'chteers). And tite revelation will render Aus tralia a theatre of wonders (cheers) I It is thus that the Almighty baffles and confounds men by events, which cross the methods of their actings, and surpass the measure of their expectations (hear, hear). And if, neither yielding to that queasy temper of lukewarmness, which worsens and slugs mitl action, nor surrendering to that servile and thrall-like fear which shirks and skulks from action, they did but cultivate and cherish that spirit of independence which is Lord of the lion hesetand eagle eye. (cheering), they would not only achieve greatness and. grsndeur, but run a glorious career among Rite nations of the earth, the founders of a free and asppy emipire (immense cheering). Ii~Q;resolution, was then put and. carried with ?oud demonstrations of applause. Mr. Henry Parkes said the present was one of tiose occasions which ought to make the plainest meis, and the most ungifted, find some sort of utterance for their indignant feelings (cheers) After all the pain and toll of the pirotracted ag - tation of this question-after an agitation, con ducted with the fullest enquiry and the deepest earnestness, which had stirred the country to its very core: and after these communities, having been polled almost to a man, load declared" with oni~voice against receiving English criminals as an evil which all believed was in the highest degree hurtful to their moral and social interests -a canker eating into their very souls-still they were forced back to its consideration by the per verseness of one obstinate man who hoappened to hold a seat in the British government. 'He agreed with previous speakers that the time for deliberation and argument was past (cheers). Why, they lead deliberated over years-they lad exhausted all argument. 'riTe matter now resolved itself into a simple question of natural right; and they had only to consider how best to vindicate title right (cheers). They had done all in this way wlt s.rmen could do :they could pursue this course nolosger (cheers). It was a singular and striking feature of this agitation, that a very large amouut of talent had been exhibited in it. The last debate in time legislative council, the year before last, was one so ably sustained that It would have done honor to the British house of commons. Their petitions, from all parts. of the country, lead been able and argumentative documents; and such was their unanimity of sentiment that, when the question was under discussion, in this colony, the numbers were 36,000 against, and only 500 in favor .of the system (cheers). But in the face of all tltis--notwithstanding their repeated protests and petitions-notwithstanding the intelligence which they had brought to bear in the discussion of this question, and their unanimity in the deci sion which they had arrived at, the tyrannical minister persisted in thrusting upon them the evil whliclh they were determined not to receive. Well, then, what was to be done P As a free people, as men, they could not retreat from their position; they could no longer go through the farce of re monstrating against an injustice which was per severed in with an utter disregard to their wishes and theei interests; they must do something else (loud cheesa). He was pleased to hear their pre sident, Mr. Cowper, talk of fighting (cheers and laughter). Knowing the mild, affable, and benig nant character of that gentleman, he ntas, at first, half afraid that lie was hardly stern enough for the dutieswwhich he might be culled upon to perform in his mission to Van Diemen's Lansi. Tihey had been told that night of the serious consequences which might ensue; he (Mr. Parkes) Isad no desire to bring before them rebellious exsmples, or le might, most properly, point to the example of the American colonists; fur in the progress of events which led to the loss of those colonies, there was a remarkable analogy to their own case. He would pass over this, because lee believed that meeting diid not need to be reminded of the glorious and successful struggle of men who were treated with contumely, and oppressed in a similar manner to themselves (cheers). There was, however, one noble passage in a speech of one of those early patriots which he would, with their permission, repeat to time meeting. WViiesn young Patrick Henry, in the general assembly of Virginia, was moving his resolutions in reference to the odious Stamp Act, lee exclaimed,-" Caesar had Iris Brutus, Charles the First his Cromwell, and George the Third"-" Treason I" cried the Speaker (who, probably, was much such a gentle man as time lion. Speaker of our own council); the young patriot, standing up more proudly t(ain ever, and fixing his eyes on the alarmed Speaker, concluded the sentence: " George the rThird may profit by their example (cheers) 1 if that be treason make the most of it t" lie would point to the successful resistance of the American colonists, and ie the name of that meeting, tell the Bi itish government to profit by their example I He tead no treason to promulgate; but as was said by their Chairman, there was a higher loyalty than to any earthly monarch t our loyalty to our nature, and to the all-wise God who had planted in us pure and holy sentiments, and warmed our bring with the love of justice and truth (cheers). To be false to this loyalty would be to abase ourselves before our Creator-to deface the divine impress of humanity which had Lean printed on our hearts (cheers). They must go right onward in their course. There could be no mistake in the matter; or, if Earl Grey had, indeed, been deceived and misled, the last elections throughout the colonies would surely undeceive him. Even under a con stitution concocted by his own government, tile people of Van Diemen's Land hlid, in every in stance, elected anti-transportationists to their representative seats. In that unfortunate island that very sink-hole of the English iniquity where the prison population was so alarming in numbers, and where it could not be doubted many of that class possessed the elective franchise, no representative favorable to transportation hald been chosen. It was fair to assume that many of the emancipist class in that island had recoreteni their votes on tie side of the anti-transportatiotnists. How could it be otlherwiseP How could men wish to cuntinue to their children tlrecurse of their own lives P What was it-this desire to get nil of the infamy and degradation of which they had been themselves victims-but the triumph of all that was good and virtuous, and lofty and aspiring in the human breastP (cheers). They were about to send Mr. Cowper as a delegate to the Conference of the League at Hobart Town. When he ap. proached the shores of the island- home of those study and stout-hearted patriots, he (Mr. Parkes) hoped the bracing influences of their climate would make that gentleman even bolter than he had been in his speech that evening, and, if the Tasmanian colonists should determine to resist the landing of any more convicts, that he would solemnly assure them the inhabitants of New South Wales were ready to assemble again in some place under heaven where all the people could be gathered, to ratify all the acts so done, and to share in all the consequences (loud cheers). The example of the Cape colonists was before them. The time was come when their only course was to follow that example; and, whenever a prison ship should arrive in thie Derwent, or in any other port, to resist at all hazards the landing of the men thus tyrannically forced upon us. lie most sincerely hoped they would not be driven to the catastrophe hinted at by their respected member, Mr. Camp. bell-that of tumbling the prisoners into the sea; but whatever sufferings might ensue-at whatever sacrifices, they were now bound to stand by each other in the protection of their own liberties. There were times when men had no right to look round for consequences; when they were bound by all that was dear and sacred to advance. He believed this was a time forsucch conduct (cheers). When he was asked by his colleagues in tie Council of the League, to take part in the business of that meeting lie consented, because lie considered ire had no right to refuse soy duty intthe cause ; haia they asked him to fight, his consent would have been as freely and as quietly given for tie reasons he had stated (cheers). But he had come to the meeting determined to put it to them whether the time had not arrived for the Van Diemen's Land colonists to resist tie landing of the convicts (loud cheers). He could see no other way to get rid of this cruel and desolating agitation. He therefore solemnly asked that meeting if they agreed with him that the time for this decisive action had arrived, with him to kohl tip their. hands in the affirmative (here the speaker held up his hand, and was responoled to by the hands of nearly all in the body of thie meeting). This lie accepted as a pledge of their honest and serious determination in the matter. In the name of that meeting lie would request their respected delegate to convey to the colonists of Van Diemen's Land that the people of New South Wales were prepared to stand by them in resisting tie debarkation of any further importations of convicts on their shores. He would now most cordially move thie resolution whichnhad been entrusted to Isis hands a That the previous resolutions be embodied in an address, and that such address be presented by the president, in the name of this meeting, to thie Tasmanian delegates at the Hobart Towp con. ference." Mr. Lloyd was not surprised to find himself sua. rounded by men of wealth and respectability of character, Tite was a subject on which they were all unanimous. He was surprised that Earl Grey haid held out so long against their remonstrances. He only wished he was there to witness the present demonstration. They were not entirely without sympathy from their British friends. He held in iris hand a letter written by a gentleman in Van Diemen's Land, stating that lie had received a letter from an English merchant named Mr. Brooks, requesting him to place £100 on his account at the disposal of the League to resist Transportation. When a man in Iris position came forward in this noble manner to show hiis sympathy with them there must be many others who wvere heartily interested in the cause. Their worthy Chairman was about to visit Van Diemen's Lrnd, and he wished to carry with him that meet. ing's expression of its sympathry with the cause of the Tirasnanians. That expression could not be misunderstood, and he wished his friends in the sister colony were here to witness it. He hoped that Mr. Cowper would carry with him to thie shores of 'T'asmania something of the ardour of this meeting. That he would let tie Tasmanians know that it was the determination of the people of New South Wales, while the links of this chain of transportation were round their brethren's necks, to spare neither sympathies, energies, nor exer. tiois, to destroy them. The resolutiun having been put, was carried unanimously. The ciriirman, in ref.rence to rite remarks of some of the previous speakers, would take this opportunity of stating, that it would be one of his first duties after his arrival in Van Diemen's Land, to communicate to the good folks of that colony all that had taken place this evening, and particularly the very warm and energetic manner in which they had expressed their sympathies with those colonists, in ther arduous struggles to get rid of the truly degrading curse of convictism (cheers). Mr. Lamb having taken the chair, Mr. Simmons said, they were all familiar with the miny valuable services which the gentleman who had just left the chair, had rendered in the cause of anti-transportation. He hoped, therefore, that they would give him three hearty, three hoisterous cheers-cheers that might be heard in Van Die' men's Land. Three vociferous cheers were then given, to which Mr. Cowper suitably responded, and the meeting, which was quiet and orderly throughout, separated. 