I THE BISHOP OF LONDON'S PRAYER. The Bishop of London, attended by his chaplain, then advanced to the centre of the platform, and amidst the profound silence of he vast multitude, pronounced the following prayer in a solemn and impressive tone of voice :- O Almighty and most merciful God, Father of all mankind, Who has made of one blood all nations or men, to serve and worship Thee, and by their words and works to glorify Thy holy milne ; Who didst bond Thine only rjottiuto the world to reconcile it unto Thee, and to unite all men in one brotherhood of holiness and love, 'life, Thine unworthy servants, most humbly beseech Thee to accept our offering of prayer and praise From Theo again promised all good counsels and all useful works and by Thee alone are they conducted to a prosperous and. ' We acknowledge with all humility and thankfulness the gracious answer which Thou hast vouchsafed to the prayers of our Queen and her people, In blessing with a wonderful measure of success an undertaking designed to exhibit the glories or Thy creation, to promote the useful exercise of those faculties which Thou hast im- planted in the sons of men, and to encourage the growth at peace and brotherly love. \- We humbly thank Thee, O Lord, that Thou hast graciously prospered the counsel of him who conceived, and of those who have carried out that great design and that Thou Inlet mercifully protected from harm the multitudes who have v thronged this building We acknowledge it to be of Thy goodness that a spirit of order and mutual kindness of loyalty to our sovereign, of obedience to the laws, and respect for the sanctity of Thy Sabbaths has been manifested by the people of this country, in the sight of those who have been here gathered together from' all parts of the world i i We thank, Thee, also, that Thou hast disposed the hearts Of many nations to enter upon a generous and Iieaceful competition in those arts which, by Thy merciful appointment, minister to the comfort of man, and re- dound to Thy glory, as the giver of every good, and perfect gift , We devoutly pray that all may be led to acknowledge Thy power, wisdom, and goodness, in the achievements of man's industry and skill ; and may depart to their several bonus to speak in their own tongues the wonderful works of God " Continue to them, 2 of beseech Thee, Thy favour and protection ; let Thy good providence conduct them in safety to their native land, and bless them with prosperity and peace. Grant O Lord, Unit this gathering of Thy servants from every nation may be the token and pledge of a continued Intercourse of mutual kindness between the different branches of Thy universal family May it contribute to the growth of a Christian love, and hasten the coming of that blessed reign of peace, when " nation shall not lift up the sword against tuition, neither shall they learn war any more " Lastly yearly Thee with Thy favour to behold our Son reign Lady Queen ? Victoria, the Prince- Albert Albert Prince of Wales, and all the royal family to con times to this nation the manifold gifts which 'thy good- ness has so long abundantly showered upon 'it to save and defend all Christian kings, princes, and governors, to bless Thy people committed to their charge. (give. them grace, that they may in all things seek Thy honour and glory, and be diligent in the heavenly work of en- lightenment and purifying mankind, of diffusing through the world the blessing of peace, and of extending the kingly mi of Thy dear £011, who has taught us to approach Theo its our common parent, and to say. | Our father which art in lfeavon,hallowed lie Thy name Thy kingdom come Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. for thine is the kingdom, the power, and the glory, for over and ever. Amen The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with us all cr crore. Amen While the prayer was being read every voice was hushed, and every head bowed - men of all nations, all sects, and all religions, apparently influenced by the same feelings, and uniting in one common tribute" of acknowledgment to the Supreme Being for the final and successful accomplishment of the great undertaking. The scene was not unlike that presented in some vast cathedral, and the. effect was still further heightened" when entries close the organ, orchestra, and voices, burst into the magnificent Hallelujah chorus, the effect of which was in- describably fine and impressive. ' At the close the cheering was renewed,, and the people broke out into the most noisy dear mortstraijpn* of enthusiasm. The prince again boweJ'Ve'da'teilly,' and retired to the royal commissioners,' department, where mutual fear ciUtioris wore exchanged, and the foreign commissioners having paid their respects to his royal highness and taken leave the brilliant assemblage gradually broke up. Many thou- sands', however, lingered in the building as loth to take a last farewell, of that noble achievement of art and industry - the wonder of the world. under a proud witness of the reliance of foreign nations upon the stability and honour of England, and of the respect which the peopl&pay;'to'tbe laws under whose protection They are. Such a spectacle may never again be presented to the world, in this or any other country and in a few weeks we may in Tain I seek in Hyde-park for that gorgeous palace I that has vanished "like the baseless fabric of a vision" nor " left a wreck behind." 