THE HORNEO r J RATES. {From the Times, Jan. 20) j Rcarcoly six montlis have elapsed sineo (ho Tn poi'ial Pa liuinont was occupied with a gravo di: cuHsion As to tho existence or non-existenco c piracy on the coast of Borneo. It will not bo foi gotten .how resolutely tho fact was denied by tb small bul determined pai tv of " peacemakers and economists. Sir James iJrooko was denounce ns an unscrupulous despot, who, for purpose of private aggrandisement, had employed th torn bio arms of scienti.io warfare against nnol fonding and defenceless natives, nnd tho de struction of a fleet of prabns surprised in open so was stigmatised us n ferocious nnd snnguinar; massacre Tho question, of lourso, hinged oi tho asccrtainable character of th1 savages win hud boon thus chastised, and in maintaining th innocence of these reputod victims, Mr. Brigit and his frionds relied, with considerable plausi bi li ty, on tho ovidencu of Mr. Kohcrt Hums, : namesake and descendant of thu celebrated poet and a trader in thoso parts. Mr. Burn was not on pood terms with Sir Jame Brooke ; unpleasant iminmtinieutioiis hui passed between thom, nnd aa the partícula (piestion of pirncy was one on wlroh 1 noir viow especially dilTorcd, it was highly natural thu strung testimony should bo forthcoming In favuui of Mr. liright'.s assumptions. iWliiiiiient, how over, decided tho otliur wily, and with reason too for Mr. Burns hiv» unhappily furnished iii porsoi a fatal refutation of his own ovidciice. By tin latest intelligence from theso quarters wo lean that this unfortunate gentleman hus been Im rhu rotisly murdered by pirates in bis own ship, timi ou the very waiora which ho strenuously persisted in believing freo from piracy; The Dolphin, a vessel of which Mr. Burns wits supercargo, had been trading in Maliidu Bay, ti ir» 11' situated at thu north-eastern ungle ol Horneo, some leagues ubo'vo Hillman, tho scat ol llujuli llruolic'O government. As sim wits pro. paring to leave she wits hailed by two pruhlis oller, ing goods for sale, and silo accordingly dropped bet anchor again till thc next murnilig. I'lirsuiuil tn their intimation, tho nativos cunio on dook and produced their commodities, which Mr. Burns proceeded to examine. While ha was (hus engaged tho chief of tho phihus siiddclllydrewu concealed kreese, and struck bis head from his body. The captain, who was pacing tho quurlrr-decki received at tho panie time a blow in lhooheok,\vhich wounded hut did not disublo bim. He scrambled to tho bowsprit mid begged hard (br lifo, but tho crew of tho prahlt under tho vessel's bo wa thuvu their speers through bib buck) and lie fell dead into thc water. Tho pirates-for so, without, olleucc, we may surely now term (hem-aller hu I choring four more of tho ship's croiv, including a woman, carried oil' their pristo and anchored oil' Benggnyn lu Lubook Hay, not fur distant. As il happened, however, they were disappointed in tho seleuiion of their niudiorage ; for tho sherill' or chief ol lioiiggaya, Vassili by 11111111', on recognising Air. linrtis' schooner, took possession (if her and carried ber up the river. Shortly afterwards the Honourable Company's steamer Pluto, on a cruise after pirales, called in at Maludu Hay, mid, on hearing tho inlollig'ncc, departed nt unco for Benggnyn, where sim received tho Dolphin from the hands ol' Sherill' Ynssin, with her (leeks still dyed with blood. That Mr. Bunis* incredulity was sincere there cnn bo 110 qiicstiun, for though he bud been repeatedly warned ot the danger, ho persisted lu his voyage without even tho precaution of gutting up tho ship's artus from the hold, whore they wore stowed ; but this temerity is thu muro remarkable from thc vividness nf the niiprohunsioiis displayed by one whoso moans nf inlormation wereid least equal tn Hmso nf ail Kiiglish trader. Shun ll' Vas- sili earnestly besought thu comtniiudor of the Pluto to furnish him Willi protection against the return ol' tho pirales, who, as they luid plainly threatened, would, hu sahl, most eurlaiuly reap, pear with 11 powerful Coree, mid avenge tlieiiisuli'c. for tho loss of their prive. Neither was l.heriV any duubl. ntiout tit« nice or conni ry ol' l hese sn illili un ry niiirniuliTfl. They were l'oriii<niin, fruin » district well known ii/nl within casy.rotieli,' iiinl tlio Pluto, ih flirt, V7IIS actually in quos! of sonic such prey when alic -ri-ecivcJ thc iuU-ili-, gcuce which despatched her tn Ilcngut.'ya. Wo trust thiR 'midaiicholy'catastroplié may at least prodiicu ihn goud ('fleet «if mutine; certain Manchester politicians n lit tlt.» more i-n'iuiOus in denying facts iyli"t;ll'l.!i)>l>l,'> .<'» euiillii-t willi iheii lavouiiiethi'oni'.'i. ',' Tlie whole ornery against Sir dailies Brooke wïis , «Vigíes: cd, we really believe, hy no motive more direct, 1 lui ii amènerai feeling ol' annoyance n't the practical employment ol' instruments of war. it hud buen ruled as sinful, And what -was worse, as expensive, to kill info's kind, and the informât ion that nieii existed 61'wn h a ehiiraetcr as irresistibly f'o provoke (house nf sword and caution was highly disagreeable to thé. advocates ol' huiiiftn perfeetàliilSty. Wo seo ni) other way of accounting fur- the obstinacy of their I unger. Ail the probabilities wero incontestably j against thom. The roasts; nul only'Oi'Horneo, but, [ of other islands in this Archipelago, had been the reputed haunts of pirates from limo immemorial. We had rulered intiiïornuU engagements for their suppression with the other Hin'oj can power* having possessions !n these seas, mid had esluldi.-hed a comhiiiatiou ol'cruisers not unlike thal, of Kreuch I and Kiifellsh un tho coast of Africa. When .Mr. Brooke first sailed for I tomeo with the gool wishes mid auspices of dil the philanthro- pists and cWnomisfs in thc kingdom, ho stilted j over and over again thin, thc ono great obstacle' to civilisation in these parts was piracy, and that to extirpate piracy inttst be tho very'boult and I end-nil of his mi-sinn. Vet no sooner is infor- mation received of his destroying a piraticnl fl et' than a terrible outcry is commenced, and all tho, J resources of ingenuity and special pleiuliug.aio exerted tb make it appear tluit tho particular . savages in thc particular boals overtaken by (lie ? ISri'.Uh Governor wero not at- that particular moment engaged in such nels of piracy, legally definable, us would justify summary execution. . Xo one denied that they nure barbarians whoso daily habits Wero those of bloodshed and pillage. No ono attempted to specify what might bo tho nature, if not piratical, of the expedition on which they were surprised, lt was even proved that tho fellows ol' thesovery men hiid buen tried and convicted a's pirates in n court bf law ; hilt all would not do. Mr. blight and Mr. Ilumo tenaciously argued (bat there was no warrant,Tor Hie execution, and hy way cf adding strength to their casu they boldly called in question the main facts ol'thu case against them-, alleging not only that th'c iiiirebbas were not pirates, but that it reniai ned (o bo proved whether piracy on tho coast ot' Horneo had any existence at all. They eau liavo little doubt about the mutter now. It is n dangerous practice to distort lill mani- fest probabilities to tho purposes of a momentary agitation, und yet tho caso of tho Hornean pirate's is but one, unfortunately, out ol' several in which these "tactics" havo been tried, llecauso it «ns very naturally desired to reduco tho o.sti mntcH, it was resolutely maintained that flioró ivas no dangor ol' war, and to show there Was nd danger ol'war it waa argued that tho appen! to arms would never again bb sounded in civilised States. Messrs. Hinno and his friends would' admit no evidence, however incontestable, which went to prove that soldiers might bo Wanted,just UK1 they would admit no ovidei.ee, in behalf of »Sir Jambs lironke, which went to show that cannon might'bo warrantably discburged. In one ea.so they stand ebiivieted-, in tho other wo trust they, may ho satisiiod With somotbing short of actual experiment, and of this improvement we think wo seo sumo si"-ns. PUSSY TOSTAOIÍ.-Tho following is nn estimulo of tho number of chargea bio letters delivered iii tho United Kingdom III each year fi-oin ÍS3'J id 1851 : Number bf 7 "",."""" Letters. lacrease. Isíin ... .;. 7»,óoo,óoo - 1840 ... ... 1 «1,000,000 9.1,000.000 1841 .1 »6,500,000 27,500.000 1842 .208,500,000 1 i>,<)(M,ÓO0 1843 ... 220,500,000 12,000,000 ' 1844 .¡242,000,000 21,5(10,(100 1845 ,i. ... 271,500,000 29,500,000 184(5 .2'.HI,r>00,Ó00 28,000,000 184 7 ... ... 322,000,000 22,500,01)0 1848 .32!l,000,000 7,000,000 . 1849 ... .;. 337,500,000 8,500,000 18á0 . 3-17,000,000 (1,500,001) ISSI . 31)0,500,000 13,500,000 MOIMI, LYNCHING;-Some days since wo (Aine- : rican paper) noticed a caso'of seduction at HI00111 ington, Indiana, lt waa stated that tho young; girl WHS seducod by a young mun who lived near Now Albany, ni.d that >lie lind been left tit a boa riling lionise in Evansville; v. hero she thea was. Tho Evansville Journal gives tile following ïiocouiib of tho ihnoument of the alfuirt-Tho girl had been at a boarding house for some time undor an Assumed name, and wuslatoly delivered ufa childi since which timo she had been gradually sinking. Thu young man bad buen to seo her bul had not .yet signified, his intention of marrying her. Lust Tuesday night ho came down with some Hat ! ó itu, und stopping here, called lo See his victim ut tho boarding house. Tho boarders, whoüó kindliust sympathies had boen excited for tho unfortunate young woman, were 011 tho alert,. T.10 landlady locked thc young mau up in tho room, and then ono boarder non!, for a minister, another for a clerk of tho Court, 11 certifícalo was procured, and everything mado readv for tying tho noose in tho (.¡ghost nimmer. Tho young man was confronted by tho crowd, and luid iii emphatic terms tho part ho had to {day in tho proceedings. Ho begged hatti for a little limo time enough lo go bunio and nuiko a littlo ar- rangement; but in vain. Without going into further jiartictlhirft, tho couple were united, thu bride sciiivoly able to stand lipon the floor, tho groom wishing hiiasolf a thousand miles away.- - livening Mail. AUSTRALIAN MININO ÇOMPA.NY.-A special meeting; of Ibo Australian Mining Company took placo to-day,' nt which lhere was 11 numerous atleitdanco' of shareholders. Tho report pre- sented by tho .directors was not of an encouraging diameter, l.hoir nnticipatiolis of thu probable progress ol' tho undertaking not having beru realised, and thriller finnis being required lo carry out operations. Thu liabilities were slated at l l,-11)5/.-, which, with a credit in lite colony (.Miulh Australia) of 4000/. Io enable Ibo agent recently appointed tb manage tho hiisincss, made a total of 15,-I1Í5¿ To provide elliciontly for Ibo wnnls ol' tho compnny lint il Captain Hitchins shall imvo furnished his roport oil tho mines mid tho general., property, it wns proposed lo issue loan notes for ono year to the amount of 20,l)0l>/., hearing Six per cent, interest. This mode ol' raising thu funds had been adopted willi tho view ol'avoiding, il'posaiblo, a further cull, but, should they not lie obtained, tho directors would then exorcise their power Under tho deed, and make a call in the usual tiinlinor. Somo ol' tho share- holders cxpiessod thomsolveS 11 Verso lo tho issue ul'loan notes, and ooulondud that tho preferable; conr.su would be to nilvci'tisO a cull. On tho other hand, there worethuso who appeared anxious to huvo thu undertaking wound up, considering ., thal, Xl00,000 had already been expended with- , out any satisfactory result.- lt was explained that it was not considered desirable lo lako pre cipitutu stops in doturiiiinig.a dissolution, OHpe clnlly in tho absence of ,'f,ho report of Mr. lilt- , chins. Wiitin (hoy obtained (hut document tho, directol-s would bu in a butter position tu (uko Hie opinion ol' tho sbiuvlioldurs. In tho nioaii tbuo strict economy' wou|d, be exercised, und every endeavour Hindu, to .bring uil'.iirs lo a mic cesslul issnu. Should, the/working of tho minos nut improve, or no' foi fultons ovunt,-Bindi ns gold or other disoovorio.s-^-ocour lo raise tho character of tho property, then il would, ¡null probability, bo wise to a'rra'ngo fur its distribu. tion, which munt, lifter all, yield something for the shareholders, consisting, us it docs, ol' 2.'i,0tlfl acres ol' freehold hind, exempt fruin royalty, with a ftui-l'iiuo routai of about .CiOOO per Minimi. Under the-e circtimslnnles it was mainl.aiiieil that it would be advisable to wait a few mouth« longer to ascertain what were the ultímalo prospects of thu undertaking. At, thu conclusion ul' the proceed!II 14s, thu report, coupled with Uni recommendation for un issue ol' foil 11 notes, bl imiiuut, £20,000,' was carried, all aiiH'iiilliicnt proposing ii call having been negatived.- '/Wf| January L'.'l. 