KOSSITTH. (From the Weekly Despatch, November 16.) Birmingham was on Monday the scene of what was generally admitted to be the most important and general popular demonstration that had been witnessed there since the memorable year 1832, when tho nicotine's of the working classes of that great manufacturing- town had so beneficial an influence on the progress of the Reform Bill. But although Birmingham itself was the great scene of excitement, the progress of M. Kassuth and his friends might be deemed a triumph almost from the moment of their departure from London. There were comparatively few persons assembled in Euston-square, where M. Kossuth and party arrived about nine o'clock ; but from those pre sent the illustrious exile received a most warm and enthusiastic reception. The Director!) had attached the carriage originally built for the Queen Dowager to the 9^- express train, and in it M. Kossuth took his place, accompanied by M. Pulsky, Mr. Toulmin Smith, and M. Haj nick, late Prefect of the Hungarian Police. ; By the time the train had arrived at Wolver ton, it would appear that the electric telegraph had dono its work, for tho station and all the adjoining embankments were crowded with spec tators. At Coventry the excitement was still more in terne, as at that place there must have been seve ral thousand persons congregated about the sta tion. The Hungarian colours might bo seen in every direction — in cockades, in bonnets, and on the costumes of the ladies. All these demonstrations were, however, eclip sed by the triumph that awaited the exile in Bir mingham, the capital of the 'small masters,' with whose honesty and independence of spirit M. Kossuth has shown himself so intimately ac quainted by the allusions made to them in more than one of his speeches. The station, although situated in a remote and inferior part of the town, was completely surrounded by the peoplo, who choored vociferously as the party alighted on tho platform. M. Kossuth was received by Mr. Gcech, M.P. for tho county. Messrs. Scbole field and Montz, the two members for Birming ham, and Mr. Wright, Deputy Chairman of the Committee of Reception. . The party proceeded at once to partake of an elegant dejeuner, which tiau been provided by Mr. Bacon, of tho Queen's Hotel, and after a few minutes spent in refresh ment, repaired to the carriages in which they wore to form the head of one of the mo3t impo sing processions ever seen in the town of Bir mingham. If. Kossuth, Mr. Geech, and Mr. Toulmin Smith, took their places in an open ba rouche drawn by four greys, the postillions in scarlet jackots, and wearing tho Hungarian col ours, and the remainder of tho party were ac commodated in carriages of a similar description. As they drove at a smart pace down the Green L»nes, every moment added td tho length of the cortege, until by the time it had reached Small Heatli all resemblance to a procession had disap peared, and tho whole of the road, the hedges, the trees, and' tho houses, appeared swarmmg wish people, or densely blocked up with vehicles of every description. All the working peoplo of the busy hive of skilled industry had obtained a general holiday, and turned but to give a hearty English welcome to. tho best exponent in our days of the true principles of political and social \ freedom. It would be impossible to do; justice to iho appearance of ttie line of road from henceforward. Every hedge, wall, and troo, every window and houso-top was crowded with' people. On every sido tho gay \- bannersof tho various associated trades fluttered ? in tho air, and as tho operatives phssod on in dense masses, each body headpd by their standard bearer, wo conhl recognise inscriptions of wel come, of. sympathy, and of sentences extracted from M. Kosnitli's various speeches. Bauds of music played Hungarian, airs, and at every corr nor whero the density of tho crowd occasioned a momentary stoppage,- n deafening cheer nroso as the people caught a glimpse of the distinguished stranger. About olovon o'clock the crowd scorned to havo reached its limits, inasmuch, as at that timo there wore about six miles ofspaco— from the villagoof Yardley to tho JJull Ring— ono mass of human beings; overy house-top, every tree, and ovory lane seemed alive with life. From windows streamed flags with appropriate devices', nnd from hundreds of carriages and vehicles were displayed .the Hungarian colours. ' : ac woven ociock tha marshals bogan to form tho order of the procession ; this occupiod nntil after ono o'clock, and every minute now arrivals thronged up in such bodies thnt, notwithstanding tho enormous opon spaco where the peoplo woro now assembled, with opon fields on every sido, it became difficult to march. AH the trades woro rangod in order ; indeed; such was tho anxiety of tho peoplo to preserve the peace and to assist in affording every possible accommodation, that thoy fell into lino almost without an effort on tho part of those charged with tho arrangements. At ono o'clock tho line of procession was com plete; the soven or eight hands had boon placed in convenient positions, and all the regalia of all tho trades shone in tho mid-day sun. .In this state Kossuth entered Birmingham. To describe his progress would bo to describe ono continued ovation ; ovory house- top and ovory window — overy manufactory and overy building whoro human beings could: place tho sole of then* foot, there clung the welcomers to tho hero of Hungary, A littlo before Kossuth entered tho principal part of .the town his carriage was stop ped and the entire procession marched past, that all might gain a sight of him. AH the oxeraons of his body guard woro necessary to restraim tho enthusiasm' of tho people. The procession neces sarily moved slowly, and ? was many times stop ped in consequence of tho enormous pressure on overy sido; as it approached the Bull King tho mass of people was such that it was fearful to look upon ; it was one vast sea of human heads as far as tho oaj could reach ; evory nook, overy gullet, ovory nfioy, and every lano-^evory window and every parapet presented their hundreds of tho population. From tho corner of tho ' Coventry road to the Bull Ring occupied nearly ono hour, so slowly was tho progress made. As the cortogo turned into New-street tho effect was very.fino ; thoro were impromptu scaffolding, bearing hun dreds of peoplo, omnibuses at' anchor crowdod even to the tyer of tho wheels, and from Contend to tho Town Hall, thoro was scarcely a window without a banner, and from the hands of thou sands of ladies streamed ribbons of tho Hungarian tricolour. lYom tho windows of tho Journal newspaper a splendid banner fluttered, and from many houses in the. neighbourhood rockets wero cast in abundance , . . ?- .; In tho Boll King tho . first copy of tho Times was burnt, nnd at intervals this ceremony was ropoatcd until the procession terminated .at th'o Five Ways. _ Many copies of tho paper, with the words ' Lying Times, in largo characters upon thorn, woro elevated on poles, and swung to and fro over tho heads of tho crowd amid volleys of derisive cheers and groaning. . # The Town Hall, tho Theatre) and all tho pub lic buildings along the line wcro made use of in some way or othor to servo tho purpose of spec tators. Tho bolls of tho varions churches rang cheerful peals, but thoso were almost drowned by tho deafening cheers of tho populace. Ono hundred Frenchmen, who had formed a band, marched near to Kossuth's carriage, which was preceded by a splendid banner, with tho words ' Eljen Kossuth ' emblazoned upon it. Thoro wero thousands of other banners with an propriuto mottoes and devices upon them. fc-o with the trinmphal arches which Kossuth passed on his route ; tho enthusiastic displays at the va rious manufactories, tho multitudinous warm greetings ho received from tho enormous mass of peoplo who hailed him on every sido, we pass them over— to bo imagined they must havo been seen — no description would convey any idea of tho fact. - M. Kossuth himself scomod almost amazed, and Mr. Muntz, nsod to largo meetings, in tho days of tho Political Union, appeared lost in astonishment at tho overwhelming mul titude It was computed by porsons used to estimate large masses, that there, could not have been less than half a million of persons present. Wlion it ? is considered that tho population of Birmingham alone -is a quarter of a million, tho great majority of whom poured ont on tho great occasion, and that tho entire district, far and near, sont their quotas, it will be at once seen that this is by no means au exaggerated estimate. Even places as distant as Sheffield contributed their thou sands. At 4. o'clock in tho afternoon the procession reached tho Five Ways. Perfect ? orderliness pre vailed, without a single policeman or soldier; without the presence of any person in authority to preserve order, this crowd swayed to and fro, bearing every amount of pressure with patience, and--apparently absorbed in tho spirit and de termination to do honour to the illustrious exile.-. ;;i, .._ ? Immediately beforo tho signal was given Tor the departure to tho residonce of Mr. Geach, that gentleman briefly addressed tho crowd, .stating that M. Kossuth felt deoply grateful for tho re ception ho had experienced, so far beyond any thing ho could have- anticipated, and only ro grctted that tho state of his chest, and the en gagement ho was under to address public meet ings, prevented his thanking them as he could wish himself.- ''Mr. Geach concluded his obser vations by expressing a hope that ho might, in tho name of the assembled thousands, givo to Kossath a truo and hearty welcomo to Birming ham. , It is needless to add that tho welcome was echoed most vociferously by tho crowd, and as the word passed backwards to tho more distant masses of the peoplo, it was sent back again and again in volleys of cheering, which continued as long as tho cavalcado remained in sight, most of tho- carriages following Kossuth's carriage up to Tho Dales, Mr. Geaeh's residence. Vast numbers of the peoplo hroko np into par ties, and followed tho lino of carriages to Mr. Goaeh's entrance lodge. There, as soon as M. Kossath had .'entered - the honsc, tho mounted body-guard: formed into a semi-circlo round tho entrance gate. ?'- Mr. G. Dawsonappoared, nnd statod that he was commissioned by M. Kossuth to return his, most hoartfelt thanks to tho peo ple, for. tho -manner in which thoy had received him. : , . ? . In tho ovening a select party mot 51. Kossuth it dinner at Mr. ? Geach s. The: Co-pautnjbkship oe Nations; — The commerce of nations is nothing else than the co-partnership. of natious, in car rying on th'e same business. These inter national connections are not limited part nerships j Hhey are not optionable partner ships; neither can they be dissolved. In dividual firms may dissolve their connec tions by mutual consent, and perhaps, to .their mutual advantage. But the great commercial firm of nations cannot do this. England j?annot dissolve its partnership with the United States, or with France; nor cstfr either \f those countries cut its commercial connection with England with out the most serious detriment to its inter ests. Until England can grow silk, cot ton, hemp, sugar, tea, rice, spices, tropical fruits, and' dig gold and silver enough from her soil to supply all that her, necessities or luxuries demand, she must remain in co partnership with the countries that produce these articles. Her connection with these 'countries ia i not like that which exists be tween two individuals, who occasionally or regularly traded with each other. For in stance, the cotton manufacturer of Lan cashire must have American cotton, or he must stop his mills. Well, if he please, he may have his choice among a thousand brokers of the American article. If one does not suit him, he has only lo step across the street to, another* He need not buy at the' same American- warehouse twice in 20 years, and still spin as good cotton as can be grown inthe United States. But Eng land, as a nation, cannot do this. There are scarcely three warehouses in the whole world of which she can furnish cotton. Three-fourths of all the manufactures come from the great nation warehouse -of Ame rica. This is not all ; she has to mix American cotton' with all she buys else where, in order to make a desirable article. John,- then, cannot say to Jonathan, 'I will step across the street to Norway, Bel gium, or New Holland, to buy my cotton.' Not a whit';the more can Jonathan say to John, ' You may go elsewhere to buy your cotton.' But why not? Simply because these two neighbours, are copart ners in a business which they can neither sell out or divide. The bonds of their commercial 'Connection -«an ho more be loosed than 'the bonds of Orion.' They are bonds which the sword cannot sever. The irresistible terms of their compact were fixed in' the dispensation of seasons, soil,, and climate, long ere either nation was born. Every year new reciprocal necessi ties and interests are strengthening and multiplying these bonds. Already half of that Jonathan has to sell, after supplying his own family^ he sells to his brother John, and half he buys, to supply what he can not produce, ho buys. of John. Thus half of the land, capital, labour, and skill which the United States employ in foreign trade,' is invested in the business carried on under the firm of Messrs. John and Jonathan.: — EUJiu Burritt. An Ancient Ghost Stout.—- I once heard, of a traveller losing his way in a storray night, when the sky was as black as pitch, and tile clouds poured down whole water. Well, he. travelled— and travelled — and travelled, till became to a large honse, lighted at every window, where he knocked for admittance. Pie knocked long, and at last a lady looked out of one window and a gentleman out of another to ask what he wanted. When he told them he wanted lodgings, they told him there wore no lodgings to. bo had there. And he saw' at the same time that they were all dead— dead !— with glassy, unearthly-looking eyes, and cheeks as pale as sheets. But he, being a bold fellow, determined to have a slieltcr, and so he burst the door open. When he got in he wandered from room to runm, without find ing any one ; he hallooed aloud, but no one answered to his call. At length ho went into the cellar, and lo and' behold ! there lay a dead man in his coffin. ?' Carry me up stairs,' said the man in the coffin. Our hero made no more ado but took up the man, cofnn and all, and carried him up stairs. ' Set me down gently,' said the man in the coffin, ' I've a corn upon my left foot, be very gentle, or you'll hurt it.' Our hero set 'him down as gentiy as he could, when lo arid behold ! he went scampering and tumbling down the stairs again bs fast as he could. ' Carry me up stairs,' said the man in the coffin again. Our hero carried him up once more, and he went jumping again into the cellar1 in such a hurry that'1 he nearly broke his nose against a bottle-rack which stood in one of the corners. ' Carry me up Btairs — carry me up stairs,*' shouted the man in the coffin. ' No, I won't,' said our hero? 'you can go down fast enough, so just try if you can come up.' ' Carry me up1 stairs — carry me up stairs.' shouted the man' in the coffin, and the whole house rang from' top to bottom with his loud un earthly voice. ' Carry me up stairs^— carry me upstairs; you cannot stop here if you don't carry me1 up stairs.' Our hero carried him up once more just to try him, but he wenb tumbling down ' again just as before. 'Carry mo up stairs,' said he, again, u carry me up stairs.'. Our hero went down into the cellar, again, making him believe that he was going to tako him on his back, when he gave the man in the coffiu such a slap on the cheek that ho made the very tears start in his eyes. 'What's that for f' said he, jumping up with the coffin on his back, and running after our hero as fast as his legs would carry him. ' Just let me catch you — just let me catch you,' said he. And they had a regular race, up and down, and through and through the house. They raced one after the other all that night, and in the morning our hero was found in a dyke-side, tired and haggard. HIb friends' got him home and put him to bed, but he never forgot the adventure with the man in the .. coffin. -^4 Correspondent of the Shields Gazette. UsPtTBIitSHEI) AnBCDOTKOE M.B8 BiOO MEii. — Mrs. Bloomer declares that she will never be able to visit England ; for it would be most painful to her ;feelings to cross the Atlantic, and see so many vessels — eveu though they should riot be of the weaker sort— going about in stays I Alt, Round the Lord Mayor's Hat. —The newspapers have favoured us lately with a rather elaborate description of the Lord Mayor's hats, including his own three corned affair, and the richly cocked castors of his flunkeys. From the latter depend massive tassels of lace, aiid the postilion's cap is surmounted with a huge stag, under which the poor fellow would be not \in likely to stagger. We have no doubt that the splendid official hats will be generally recognised as the most interesting part of the official heads of the city. All round his lordship's hat he wears a white feather, and from the top of it rises a plume which quite puts our humble goose quill out of countenance. The civic dignitaries usually favour the public with descriptions of their livery coats, waiscoats,' and breeches, but they have never been so condescending as toTholcl up their hats to the admiration of the world through the medium of the newspa pers. We rhustconfesB that we never yet heard of such a hatty Lord Mayor, though we have frequently hoard of a HattiSche riff'. 