MEMOIR OF THE LATE ARCHBISHOP OF DUBLIN. His death was calm and placid; without a struggle and without suffering ; and death seized him at just such a moment as that at which he himslf would have desired to he taken— namely— when engaged in the performance of, or the preparation for, the holiest offices of religion. The manner of liis Grace's death must be oonsol ing to his friends — that is, to nil who knew him. and may be very simply told. As many of our readers know, his last ptiolic act was to prpside over the Requiem Office which was said over the coffin ' «f Richard Lalor Shoil in the Church of the Jesuits Gardiner-street, on Monday, On that day Dr. Murray seemed in remarkable Rood health and spirits considering hi* yeais, and what, even at those years were only his incipien.t infirmities. We have no time :to. comment on the singular coincidence which thus -brought together and united, as it were, in one act ihe closing scene of two men so remarkable and yet -so different-, so connected and yet so separate as the ,late Archbishop of Dublin and the lite Ambassador to Florence. In thoevening of theday whioh witnessed the list offices of religion paid to the defunct politician by that venerable and honoured Prelate, who was so ?soon to require the same-kind office to be rendered to ?himself— Dr. Murray dined at the Presbytery of his own Cathedral in Marlborough-street, surrounded by the Clargy of his own parish. He slept at home as ?usual and rose at bis usual hour the next morning. After completing his toilet and his ordinary morning devotions, he went intoihe private chapel of bis house to eay Mass as usual at eight o'clock. His Grace was in his soutane and rochet, not having yet vested ?himself, and a few words of conversation passed between him and one of those present, during which ?he was observed to rub his hand with just so much of energy as to attract attention. On being asked if he felt pain, he replied that he felt a slight pricking in the fingers, and, thinking it might be a rheumatic affection, he was advised to cover bis hand with a warm flannel, upon which he held his hand to the 'fire for a few moments, and passed on to arrange the altar. At the altar he was observed to rub his arm as if the uneasiness had extended itself higher, and after a little while he came down without having ar ranged the altar, he left the chapel, and went down ?fetairs, as was his wont, into the back drawing-room, -to procure the wine for the Holy Sacrifice. He re mained there for a little while, until some one looking in at the door saw him seated in hisrarm-chair, whh ?his elbow on the table, and his head drooping on one side. The alarm was at once given ; the physicians ?were sent for ; bis Grace was conveyed to bed, and every effort was made for his recovery : but during the forty-six hours that elapsed from the .time the ?fit of paralysis seised him till he expired, he exhibited no signs of consciousness. la turning back from the closing- scene to the past career of this distinguished Prelate, whose Epis copate in Dublin stretches back from more than twenty years after Emancipation to just twenty years before that event, it is impossible not to be struck with the immense space which Dr. Murray has fiiled in the Ecclesiastical history of this country and of this em pire, and the not unimportant Dart which he has ,played incidentally even in its political concerns. A great oak, who, in many revolving seasons, has spread abroad his arms into the recesses of the forests in -every direction, hasai length been out down by death, and -when he has fallen, we see by the gap that has been made how great the space, both in time and in extent, that he has occupied. It is now just one hundred and ten years since Pope Bendict X[ V.,\n the first year of his Pontificate, ?drew attention to the neglect in which the times of persecution bad plunged the Church in Ireland. In . fact, some of the moat sanguinary statutes of Whig legislation were enacted within a very few years of the date of that Rescript ; and though, in 1737, Primate .Boulter found the Papist gentlemen ?' so insolent' that they not only wore their swords at the assizes like other men, but even had the audacity, like the 'beat Protestants, to send a hostile message to any magistrate of whose conduct on the bench they dis approved ; .yet for yearsafter that, anything like 'in- .solence' was not a luxury in which a Popish Priest was permitted to indulge. Under the magnanimous Whig rule of the Duke of Devonshire a proclamation issued (28th Feb., 1743.) by which all justices of the ,peace were directed to enforce the penal code against Prelates and Priests, and in which rewards of -?two. hundred pounds and uowards were offered for the seizue and conviction of any of these Ecclesiastical criminals or of lay offenders who should be guilty of giving to a Priest the shelter of a;roof, or the comfort of a morsel of bread. This Whig salute was the par . ting effort of the more open persecution. Under it .uhiipelB were closed ; domiciliary visita made ; Priests hunted like .verm in by Whig agents ; snatched from .the altar and consigned todungeons ; and ' universal alarm diffused through the ?' country.' One or two years later the catastrophe of a ruinous house falling in a back street in Dublin, in which the Rev. John Fitzgerald — Whiggery notwithstanding — had dared furtively to say Mass, and, with several of his auditors, had found death as the reward of his piety, excited a revulsion of feeling even among the persecutors, and it was on Saint Patrck's Day, 1745, that the chapels once more began to be opened. During the greater part of the ten years from 1741 to 1751, Ireland had been a scene of famine, pesti lence, and persecution. In the former of those years it was calculated (Brv.i, nan's Eccles. Hist.,Vol2,p 312,) that 4,000,000 persons perished by pestilence and famine, while the streets and highways were "covered with bodies of the dead." The nature of the 'Whig persecution that followed this wholesale destruction of Hie baa already been explained, and will not fail to tnpgest h parallel. In the latter of the two years last named (1751) tha famine was ai an end, the open persecution had :ceased, and the same great Pontiff1 whom we have already cited began to build Hp anew the ruined and broken edifice by in structions sent to t!ie Archbishop of Dublin— -Dr. Linegan — and which were to he transmitted by hirr to the. thrije .Avduiishops, and by them to their suf. ragans exhorting the Prelates to make arrangements . for the more, orderly end effective sprvict* bf the Church ; for subdividing parishes, udding Curates t- Parish Priests enforcing residense, teaching tl»« GV.echism to the young, correcting abuse* in tha administration of the S women ts. and enforcing other rules which the necessities of th« time required. Sinee these instructions — to which the Statutes of Thnrle1* are a fitting supplement, and on which they suggest an instructive commentary — just a hundred ypars have passed away. During «x«otly tw. - hirds of that time this diocese has been ruled by Dr. Mur ray and the pxemplary Prelate who preceded him. whose Coadjutor he wa9 for fourteen years, and of whoRe Episcropacy the portion for which Dr. Mur ray was responsible was the most striking ; and very nearly one-half of that centuary mpasnres the time during1 which, either us Coadjutor or as Archbishop Dr. Murray ha'! himself oooupied this see. If any one asks what Dr Murray has done during this long tpntire of effice the best answpr would be given in the hackneyed words of Sir Christopher Wren's epitaph — rarely better appli*d than on this occasion — $i monumentuam puaens circumspice ; if you seek his monument look around you. Almost every thing by which Catholicity is known and made illus trious ii this diocese has grown up during hi* Episcopate: hss bppn producp-t or created either by him, or under his patronage and encouragement, or under his auspices. Of course ore man could not himself have don? so much, but for almost everything that the diocese of Dublin distinguishes our prpsent condition from the condition of a Church in the Cata combs, the deceased Archbishop is entitled to a large portion of the credit. Nor, as our Irish readers know, is this ' every thing ' very small. It includes, not merely the building of churches, the erection of schools, the es tablishment of monastries, of which outward symptoms are visible. Thesp alone would be .very considerable but boeibes these, it includes two main works of almost greater moment, the founding of religious orders called for by the requirements and necessities of the time, and thp enactment of statutes for the regulation of his dince«e— thit is, the restoration and enforce ment of Ecclesiastical discipline^ brought to the low ebb whicli we have described just sixty years before he was made a Bishop, and but slowely recovering up to the beginning of his rule. To these we may add, as extending his influence far beyond his own diocese, the immense number of Irish PrieBts whom he has ordained ; the useful influence which, for a long period, he almost singly exeroised in the choice and nomvnntion of Bishops for the distant and rising churches in the colonies ; and the Priests and Nuns whom he has been the means of sending to assist the Bishops in .laying the foundation of those churches. We cannot pretend at so short a notice to give a detailed recapitulation of all tbe incideuts of Dr. Murray's life, but the following brief statement of dates and facts, which we borrow from Daltons's ' Archbishops of Dublin,' will be interesting to our readers :— Docter Murray was born on the 18th of April, 1768, at Sheepwalk, in the parish of Redcross and county of Wicklow. At the age of sixteen he was sent to Salamanca, where he studied for some years. On his return to Ireland, he was appointed a Curate in the parish of St Paul, Dublin, whence he was shortly afterwards changed to that of Ark low. Here he continued until the outrages of 1798, compelled him to seek refuge in the metro polis, where he soon afterwards attached to St. Andrew's parish, and thence a short interval re moved to St. Mary's. In 1805, on the consecra tion of Doctor Ryan to the Coadjutorship of Ferns, he was named Prebendary of Wicklow and Parish Priest of Clontarf, but he declined the latter pre fernment. On the 30th of June, at the instance of his illustrious predecessor, he was, as before suggested, appointed Archbishop of Hierapolis and Coajutor of Dublin, and consecrated as such in Liffey-street Chapel on the 30th November in this year. Doctor Troy officiating as Consecrator, and Doctors Detany and Ryan as assistants. On the 1 6th of January in the following year after a sojourn of several months in the French, capital, with the object of soliciting reoiitution of the property belong ing to the religious establishments of Irish Catho lics in the country, he had the satisfaction to obtain an ordinance whereby, ' in consequence of the remonstrance of the Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland, relative to the superintendence which thpy have a right to exercise over tbe application of the property belonging to their houses, and taking into consideration tbe wish expressed by those Prelates, the SitUr Ferris was ordered to resign the functions of Administrator-General of the Irish Col ege3 in Francp, and to deliver up to his succes sor tlie moneys, deed moveables, a.nd effects, belong ing to those establishments ;' and the late Rev. Paul Long waa thereupon nominated Admirtistrator Gf-neral of alt thi- Irish establishments in France. (Pp. 488-9.) From the 25th June, 1812. to (the 13th November 1813. Dr, Murray was President cf May nooth College — being then, as we have seen, Coailjutor Bishop. From some time tvfore the beginning of the cen tury and consequently for years before Dr. Murray was Archbishop, the question was agitated of the conditions on which Emancipation might be granted ant) of these imaginary conditions the Veto and the payment of the Clergy occupied the front rank. Already, in 1799 ten of the Irish Bishops constitu ting tho Mnynootb Board bad been coosulted by Lord Castlereagh, «nd iu an evil hour, had consented to botli thesp (iemnnds. Ten Bishops were willing to give his MajeBiy the power of insisting that the most worthy, learned honest, and independaiu liclesiasuc should never be made Bishop ; and should have such u. hold over the worldly interest of every Catholic Clergyman as is implied in ' the golden link.' Of those Bishops who, in 1799, shw no ob jection to the Veto and the Pension, Dr. Troy, who ten years afterwords was to have Dr. Murray for bis Coadjutor, whs the moss prominent. In 1808, the year before Dr. 3'Iurray's consecration the question of tho Veto was again agitated j but by this time a great change had taken place, and at a meeting ©r, thp Bivhops. held on the 14th September, 1808, a resolution strongly condemnatory of the Veto was carried on the suggestion of tbe Bishops of C'loyne, Ossory.and Cork, and was signed by twenty-three, Prelates, only three expressing their dissent. Every effir' was made by kind patrons in Parliament, and by many of our still kinder Catholic aristocracy out of Parliament, to reconcile the public mind to this new form of slavery, and failing that, to secure for it in after years the consent of something or some body, whioh, in those troublesome times, might noeuj to represent the Papal authority in Rome. Into the history of this controversy this, of course, is not the place to enter ; but it is proper to mention that Dr. Murray's nomination aa Coadjutor bears r1-*te the 30th of June, 1809, his consecration the SOth of November in the same year, and that in the interval Pope Pius VII. had been seized and im prisoned by the authority of Napoleon Bonaparte. From the moment of his consecration, the new Bishop displayed a resolute hostility to the Veto, which was nriderstood to be not a little at variance with the secret inclinations of more than one Bishop ; and we believe it would notfce*asy to overrate the service rendered to the Church by Dr. Murray's firmness during these years of danger, or the positive merit he acquired by upholding the cause of Ecclesiasti cal indpppndence against those innumerable, though not easily defined, influences of society which, were pressed upon him with extraordinary weight and vehpmence. On the receipt and publication of Qua rantotti's Rescript, accepting the Veto, in 1814, Dr. Murray and Dr. Milter were unanimously chosen by the Bishops, at a meeting held in Maynooth on the 27th of May. to proceed to Rome and urge their aen timents on the Holy See. In 1815 came the well known letter of Cardinal Litta, in which the Veto was once more, bi»t in' an formal manner, if not approved, at least permitted. On the 23rd of August the Catholic Bishops once more assembled in Dublin renewed their protestation against the Veto, and as a mark of their confidence again appointed Dr. Murray one of a deputation to the Holy See — Dr. Murpby, of Cork , and the present venerable Bishop of Dromore accompanying him. In Rome these zealous Ecclesi astics did good service ; but it was in the next year that Dr. Murray rose to the height of his great argu ment, when, with a boldness and spirit which electri fied the country and criishpd the plotters against the Church, he preached on Good Friday (1816) that famous sermon in which he denounced tbe Vetoists as men who were doing to Christ's Church the impious work which the executioners did upon His Sacred Person. The passage to which wo refer is too striking not to be given here, and we borrow it from one of tne notes in Brennan's Ecclesiastical Histoij. After describing the stages of Our Re deemer's Paasion, and describing Him as at last bound to the pillar, his Grace thus proceeds : — ' To this bound and suffering victim I would now implore the attention of those misguided Catholics who seem willingly to impose new and disgraceful bands, not indeed on His sacred person, but on Hie n ystical body, that is, His Church, which was ever more dear to Him than His personal liberty — more dear to Him than even His life. Does not St. Paul assure ug (Eph. v. 26.27. ) lhat for tins mys tical body He delivered Himself up.. ...thatHe might present unto Himself a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle.... ..but that it should be holy and without blemish ? And could we suppose, that it would be more painful to Him to submit His sacred bands to the ignominions cords than to see thjs Church bound and fettered by restrictions, which would render it less capable of fulfilling the object for which it was formed — the object; for whjch He poured out Hts most precious life P t know that our mistaken brethen would Dot yield up any point which they deem essential, and tha: they look not bayond what they consider safe and honorable conciliation. But, unhappily, it is now loo well known, that tbe conciliation which is expected is such as would imply the degradation and ensiavetnent of tbe sacred min istry. Aud what virtuous Catholic would consent to purchase the chance of temporal advantages at the price of such a real spiritual calamity P Oh ! if the stroke must come, let it come from those who nave so long sought the extinction of our religion ; but in the name of God, let so Catholic press forward to share in the inglorious work. Let no one among us be found to say of Hia Church, as the treacherous Disciple said of its Divine Founder : What will you give me and I will deliver Him (it) unto you— Matt. xxvi.l5.—(Pp. 437.438.) In 1823 Dr. Troy went to his reward, and in the same year Dr. Murray was appointed his successor as Archbishop of Dublin. Emancipation was still the great topic, and in order to its adjustment, states men and politicans continued to busy themselves with points of doctrine, which they were very ill qualified to understand, and about which, in point of fact, they really cared very little. Accordingly, there were Lords' Committees and Commons' Committees on the state of Ireland ; inquiries by Commissioners into Irish education at Maynooth and elsewhere, of which we have already seen somewhat ; and every distin guished Ecclesiastical witness was summoned to establish the face that the|Catbolics of these realms are not fupisiB but Britontj. For many yearB the evidence of 182.5 was regar ded with great fondness and affection. The puoiic mind had become dosed with a certain nauseous liberalism which the struggles for Emancipation, and a desire to appear in tne fairest and most amia ble light; bad brouglitforth, and the strongest minas were hardly able to keep then.eelves free from the infection. Looking back at this evidence in the present day it is not easy to keep one's temper while perusing a great deal of it ; and, certainly, whoever wishes to have an accurate notion of tha difference betvvoen unemancipated Catholic feeling in 1825 ana emancipated Catholic feeling in 1352, ran do no bettot at whatever risk to his temper, than go steadily through tho bluubooka of 1825 and 182G, With much thnt was good, and something that was not bo good, the years 1825 and 1826 passed away. The Catholic agitation continued, and even what was objectionable in tfce evidence had its useful result, for tho time at least, iu counteracting by excess in ouo way an extravagant excess in the opposite direction At length came Emancipation, and with it, and after. , it, a n*w set of public Ecclesiastical question?; upon the ashes of which, hardly yet smouldering-, .we are nit tempted to walk. This is not the occasion onv which to review in a hasty discussion all that has been said and done on he three questions of the Bequests Aet, the N*ti' n tl Schools, and the Queen's Colleges. The opinions tnis j -urnal has at ways entertainpd and. ex-, pressed on tho e subjects we see no reason to modify now, and it would be paying h poor complement to the deceased Prela'e, and one most alien to his nature, if out of complaisance to his memory, we were to affect a modification of opinion w»ich we do not feel. We hare not a doubt — and we never had— that the late venerable Archbishop's course, in these latter years, however contrary we Conceive it to have been to the interests of the Church, and however fatal it would have been if that policy had been carried to a triumphant issue, was, from first to last, inspired by the most deep seated conviction of its prudence anil necessity. A very strong presumt'oa thathis judgment wan mistaken is afforded by the notorious fact that not merely the Holy See, hut that both in Ireland and out of Ii eland an immense majority of those who en tertained'^ hearty aud unaffected wish toseetheChurch unshackled, dissented from Dr. Murray's view, while, on the other hand, every man, almost v/ithout excep tion, who desired to see the Church, fettered, crippled, and destroyed, cordially espoused the view to which Dr. Murray lent the sanction of his honoured name. But, at the same time, there was on all sides an equal unanimity in pronounc'ng that, wheather the Arch bishop were right or wrong, bis intentions, at all evenlB. where of the purest and most exalted descrip tion, and that he never com i usly let into his mind any paltry, petty, or unwoithy motive. We have heard it suggested by persons most sin cerely devoted to Dr. Murray's good name, that his recent course may be in part explained by tbe pain be must have felt at the altered position which he occu pied in his old »ge with regard to the Holy See, after having for years been upon the most confidential footiner with the Roman authorities under the pre ceding Pontificates. In those dajs, Cardinal Mai, Secretary of Propaganda, used to say — '* What a happiness it is to conduct the ' affairs of the Irish Church with your Sainty ArchbisUop ?!' All the changes that followed, those who knew him most in timately ever declared that he bore with the greatest resignation. At ThurUs, for instance, all agreed in admiring the gentleness which he displayed, the deference he exhibited towajds those who occupied a position which was once his own, and the touching humility with which, at the close of the Synod, ha accepted the decisious, some of which he would not, perhaps, have been sorry to see reversed.. But those observers to whom w'e have alluded think that all this notwithstanding, he eannot but have deeply felt his altered position, and that circumstances connected with that altered position may have unconsciously urged him to a course which he' would not otherwise have adopted. In turning to this part of our present subject and laying before our readers, not so much our own views as what we have been able to gather from others better entitled to speak en these points, one great merit of the Archbishop is said to have been his willingness to allow good to be done in his diocese without spoiling' it by over-interferencs. He himself did a great deal, and lie encouraged and forwarded a great deal, that was done by others ; but, pre-eminently, he never checked the good which others were willing to, but gave the energies, opportunities, talenta, and good will of every one a free and open scope. We cannot enumerate, with detail, the institutions that have been founded under his care, but a few words od some of the more prominent will not perhaps be thrown away. One of the most prominent is the Congregation of the Sisters of Charity which was founded in Dublin in the year 18 5, and under bis Grace's auspices' has since spead far and wide. The like may be said of the Sisters of Mercy, established by tbe late Mrs. M'Aulay, the confirmation of wbicb from tbe Holy Sse he obtained in 1835 ; and also of the Loretto Con vents, Mrs. Ball's Institute, now flourishing in a great number of places. Indeed, all the Religious Orders of women were settled by him on a much better footing than previously, and were indebted im mensely to his care and. zeal. As Superior be was constantly attentive to the mangement of the business of the Nunneries, such as auditing their accounts, attending their receptions, and, in general, infusing an exactness and punctuality into the conduct of their affairs. For the government of the Regular Clergy he seems to have done less, and that not from hostility to the Regulars, but because be disliked undue inter ference, and the needless excercise of authority. However, the Congregation of the Lazansts or Vin centians, of Castl#knock, was altogether established Dy him, and the interests and delight he took in the prospect of spiritual good afforded by that institute to his diocese whs most edifying. Tbe College of All Hallows at Drumcondrs, for the service of the foreign missions, was another most important insti tution, indebted for its very existence to Dr. Murray, and the more remarkable so as Father Hand the originator of it, used to be sneered at; tbe undertaking called Quixotic, and his abilities thought unequal to such a tusk. But Doctor Murray always believed in it when all others ditt believed, encouraged Father Hand to the utmost ofbis power, took tne chair at the meeting called to found the College, assisted hint in obtaining the approbation of the Holy See, and afterwards was most kind, always attending at their ordinations, nnd allowing Father Hand to see him about it whenever he chose to call. Iu a word, for a long time Dr. Murray was tbe ou'j man on wjjain the institution deuenued for encouragement, ancf he assisted h with money — (as he did all other charities and almost all applicants) — to the utmost ut liia power. The churches he founded were, in fact, nearly al) the churches in bin diocese. In a saatement not long since laid before the Holy See, the cost of seven of these churches, const crated between the years 1840 and 1848, was tstini^ied «t not less than £142.(^0. ? la the management of his diocese he showed very greatDrudencp. For instance, a considerable propor tion of the rules decreed by the Synod of Thurles with regard to Ecclesiastical matters tire the counter part of (hose promulgated by him in the Statues of the Diocese of Dublin in the year 1831. His life was a model of exactness and regularity. He rose early Without being called, and was dressed by seven o'clock. He then rang his bell for his servant, said Mass in his oratory, and breakfasted ; after which he attended to hi3 correspondence and the . transaction of business until he drove out. The whole day, hia servant used to say, ' was packed as closeiy as ' possible.' Not a minute was lost, and he was enga^pd in business the whole time. For appointments he was extraordinarily exact, ' never a quarter of a ' minute too late.' He went to bed at ten, and was instantly asleep the moment he laid liis head upon the pillow, and blept till his hour for rising. He was very rigid in fasting. Even after he was eighty years old, he could hardly be induced to take a bit of dry toast on a tast day, when he seemed to require it, and he would put scarcely any milk in his tea. Every Monday morning he hold a council of his Vicars- General and secretary, to whom everything was referred — the filling up the vacancies, and all other parochial matters, and everything was settled with the most compact and firm management. He made a great account of this council ; and whenever he was asked to reconsider anything, ho always said it had been referred to the council, thus making a sort of abstraction of it, and not allowing any one to suppose their disappointment was due to mere indivi dual caprice. ' His cleverness,' writes a 'friend, *' consisted in caution. This he showed in all matters, parochial, governmental, and everything. He always asked any one who c.ime to request his decision, ' Well, what do you think yourself?' and when the other gave his candid opinion, the Archbishop was very likely to say, ' Weli, now, I think that's very right ;' and thus those who transacted business -with him were extremely likely to go away very well satisfied. These expressions were almost proverbial. He had considerable sharpness in conversation — made little pointed, letting observations whenever he saw any one disposed to ? go-a-head,' and generally such as to hit at the right moment. When people got into a passion, and talked angrily abouc any matter of business, he wou d say, ater allowing them to talk as much as they pleased, * Well, but what are ' we to say P' ' As a preacher and writer he was greatly admired, but has seldom or never preached since 1835. How ever, only a fortnight ago, when he was holding a, confirmation at S3. Michael and John's, be delighted all who heard him by a most beautifnl discourse to the children on the Seven Gifts of the Holy Ghost. The story about his having been Cardinal in petto is unfounded ; but the other circumstance of his having been offered the dignity of Privy Councillor seems better entitled to belief. He never used Castle influence to obtain any place for his friends. In re ply to any such requests he always said, ' I never ask anything of them, in order that they may ask nothing of me ' A friend of ours happening to say to aservant of the Archbishop's, a most respectable man, that perhaps Or. Murray might do something for him, ttie man said it was of no use whatever to mention such a thing to him ; he never did it for anybody ; theouly chance was that Mr. Reddington, if he heard of it, might, without the Aichbishop's knowledge, do it with a view to please him. In society the Archbishop was extremely dignified and courtier like in his manner, but cautious and very reserved where there were any strangers, or any ot whom he did not quite uniiei stand in what rela tion they stood. He knew intimately a very few fa milies who made it their business, almost, in lare year* to entertain him, and cook it in turns to ask him to their houses. With such he would unbend, and even be merry, and also to hia Clergy he was very affable. He was comparatively well on Tuesday week, and confirmed 1,500 children at Marlborough-street, a wjrk of four hours, after which he dined eheerfully with his Clergy at the Presbytery. We must now close this hasty sketch, which, with all its imperfeciions. is as complete as the limited time and means at our cnmmnnd would enable us to make it. We conclude with the utterance of a most heart felt prayer 'liat the illustrious deceased may real in j-eac«j. — Tablet. 