CLOSING OF THE, GREAT EXHIBITION 'THE! Great Exhibition of Industry and Art is fitfhrifed.1. The miscellaneous public took their luilooK on Saturday ; the exhibitors and their friends were allowed a privileged visit during Monday and Tuesday; on Wednesday the Executive Commission gave a final account of their labours to an assemblage of some thousands of invited spectators, and the Bishop of London delivered a religious thanksgiving for the success of the undertaking. The attendance on Saturday was the largest that there has been on any Saturday since the opening of the building-53,061 and it was of a more miscellaneous character than had yet been seen on the " genteel" days. Among the special groups which helped to variegate the sad and solemn black of English male costume, was one of hop-pickers from Kent ; who appeared in their homely green smock frocks, wearing luxuriant clusters of hops wreathed round their hats. The multitude of foreigners was greater than ever; by their many-coloured taste in dress, the English ladies were assisted in giving a more picturesque colouring to the mass. Throughout the day the tendency was greater to promenade the naves and transept, than to prosecute any instructive inspection of the works of industry and art; and it was plain that the uppermost thought of every mind was that this was the " last day. By about four o'clock the crowd in the region of the crystal for the men was as close as it could be packed, and at half-past four, through the concentration from every marginal portion of the building, the naves were densely filled for nearly half their length East and West, and the nave galleries were fringed with a row of faces four or five deep for their whole length, as they were filled on the opening day in May. From an elevated point the appearance at a little before five o'clock was singular ; a vast expanse of black hats teaching so far as almost to blend with the approaching shadows of evening. It had been arranged that at five o'clock the organs throughout the building should strike tip the national anthem. A few minutes before five Mr. Belshaw appeared on the summit of Messrs. Keith'siilk trophy, with a red flag in his hand, to give the signal that should be simultaneously observed by all. The multitude was hushed to an expectant silence. A few seconds before five, the waters of Osier's crystal fountain ceased to play ; its broad moving leaves collapsed suddenly, and as the last streams fell down, every eye caught the impressive sign, and then whispers were 'hushed. The great clock struck the first blow of five Mr 'Belshaw raised his flag and in an instant the building was filled by the peal of the rival giants of sound. At first the effect was more astonishing than pleasing for neither did the various organs keep time with each other, nor could either of them control the mass of human accompaniments by which it was surrounded. Herr Sommer, however, came to the rescue, with an instrument that is credibly supposed! to be the very trumpet which blew down the walls of Jericho and through his far reaching and pervading echoes a greater unison of performance was attained. The last stanza had therefore so comparative a closeness, that as heard in the galleries, and from remote points where the general effect could be appreciated, the effect was sublime. The officers of the building decently gave a short interval after the conclusion of this grand concert, before they ventured to remind the public lie that they were now expected to go home. A single 'bell hesitatingly put clapper to one of its sides a few times; but it was soon hissed into modest silence. There was another quarter of an hour of reprieve. This interval was occupied by the giving of cheers for Prince Albert, Mr. Paxton, Mr Fox, and other persons to whom the public ascribes the chief share in conceiving and accomplishing the Exhibition. But these demonstrations lost the force of unanimity A out the want of some acknowledged fugleman to regulate the vast body of de- demonstrators. At about half-past five the bells began to ring again: the people shouted, and hissed, and groaned ; but the bells would not again be put down and at last, by their united clangour, they completely outclassed the thousands of human voices, and made plain the determination of the Executive that the building should close. The police maneuvered with skill and determination. The galleries were vacant by six o'clock, and in another quarter of an hour every part of the building was cleared but the transept. By half-past six every person not connected with the building had retired. Among the rapid preparations which had been made for the transactions of Wednesday, was the total removal of the crystal fountain. Its place mu occupied by a raised platform covered with crimson cloth, on which rested the throne-the celebrated * ivory chair," from the Indian tent whence Prince Albert was to deliver the farewell address. The best description of the day's deeds was furnished by the Standard of the same afternoon :-. ." The morning set in most unpropitious with pelting showers, which continued without inter- mission throughout the day. Although it was announced in the programme that the doors would not be opened till ten o'clock, there was along line of cabs, carriages, and other vehicles drawn up at the different entrances before half-past eight, so eager were those who had admission cards to secure good places. Beyond the station- ing of a large number of Police at the East, west, and South entrances, and the removal of goods and sculpture from the main thoroughfares of the building, where they were likely to receive damage from the pressure of the crowd, the appearance of the interior of the Exhibition differed little from its ordinary aspect. The Executive Committee, finding that some thousands were already in waiting outside, gave orders that the doors should be opened before nine; and as soon as this announcement was made, there came a general rush from the vehicles, through the mud and rain and as they entered the building, the dragged and splashed ap "Pearance of the ladies contrasted strongly with the brilliant and butterfly aspect of the company, son the 1st of May. The regulations for the admission of the visitors were on the whole more satisfactory than at the opening. The number to be accommodated was of course much smaller, nevertheless there were at least twenty thousand persons congregated inside before eleven o'clock. The platform in the centre was, as we have already stated, covered with crimson cloth, and a raise dais at the Southern end had the additional deco , ration of a rich carpet ; upon this was placed the magnificent carved ivory throne, presented to Her Majesty by the Rajah of Travancore, and which has so long formed one of the great attract tions of the Indian collection. The throne, with its gorgeous trappings and foot-stool, was placed teas? to face the North end of the transept. In addition to this throne, there were contributions from several other countries in the shape of state and drawing-room chairs, and other highly once ' mental specimens of the decorative furniture of Austri«irFrance^ Belgium, England. &c;, which were ranged round the platform in a circle facing '12ft stone, from; the four corners of the transept depended troops of flags and, banners of all nations. Beyond Tthif0there-'WM no attempt at >>csm_MatOT«}erpiav/. 'The whole of the transept '*m understood -to be reserved for the Foreign ComBMs«toeai,j«mOT^o>a41ady exhibitors; and 'ijfdkfjg were, the only parties who obtained places for, the, awl a-tunfitoia' very formidable **?tem>»**i* Web, tóMjtbe^entiie of either t.wehetw» and secretery of the SaererTHarmonie fairly well placed in front of the South transept gallery ; there were no military bands ; and until the whole of the proceedings terminated, neither Hen- Sommer nor, anyone organs in the building attempted to interfere. " A little way down the British and Foreign leaves strong barriers were erected and behind this many thousands were piled and wedged as closely as they could stand for a considerable distance. The. galleries were filled in every corner ; the topmost ranks touching the chandeliers at the North-western corner, and doing, we regret to say, a considerable amount of damage in their eagerness to obtain a commanding position. The crowd in the galleries adjoining the transept at length became so dense, and so eager to obtain a view of the central point of attraction on the floor, that a general cry was raised for the removal of the flags and these. were quickly laid hold of by persons close to them, and rolled up and removed amidst the most vociferous cheering. The crowd, having little else to amuse themselves with, seized hold of every trifling incident that promised to while away the time, the upsetting of a form, the occasional struggles that took place between the over-anxious sightseers and the Police, or the breaking of some frail object by the pressure of the crowd, were received with roars of laughter and applause. A body of the Sappers and Miners having carried some tables to the platform, for the purpose of placing thereon the juror's reports, the performance of this simple act of duty drew down an unanimous burst of cheering from these indefatigable clacqueurs, who got up occasional noisy demonstrations without any apparent object. As the hour drew near for the arrival of the Prince and the Foreign Committees, the scene became extremely animated ; while every available corner of the remote galleries, the staircases, and even the projecting ledge, from which the arched roof of the transept springs, at fearful height from the floor, was crowded with spectators. The sculpture, statuary, counters, and every other 'vantage-point was also tenanted, notwithstanding the strict orders of the Executive Committee and before twelve o'clock, looking from one of the centre galleries, the eye encountered nothing but a sea of heads, extending in all directions, flanked at either end by a line of Sappers and Miners in their scarlet uniforms, and encompassing the brilliant patch of crimson in the centre, where the platform and state chairs were placed. " Precisely at twelve o'clock, the cheering outside, which was taken up by the persons in the South Transept gallery, announced the arrival of his Royal Highness Prince Albert ; who immediately afterwards entered at the South central gate, preceded by the members of the Royal Commission, the Executive Committee, the Architect, Contractors, Foreign Commissioners, Jurors, &c.; As soon as the procession arrived within the gates, the organ and orchestra struck up the national anthem and the vast assembly burst into one hearty and enthusiastic cheer, which made the walls and roof of the Crystal Palace ring again. The cheering and waving of flags and handkerchiefs was renewed again and again, until His Royal Highness arrived upon the platform, when still more vehement acclamations broke forth. The Prince bowed repeatedly on all sides, and appeared to feel the cordiality and heartiness of his welcome. He was attired in a plain morning dress, and his only distinctive decoration was the star and riband of the Garter. His Royal Highness then took his seat on the Indian throne ; Lord John Russell occupied the seat immediately on his right. The Earl of Carlisle, the Bishop of London, Sir Granville, and all the other distinguished personages on the platform took up the positions assigned to them. Colonel Reid, Mr. Dilke, Mr. Cole, Mr. Belshaw, and the other members of the Executive e Committee stood immediately behind the Prince's chair and the Foreign Commissioners and Jurors occupied the front seats of the serried ranks that hemmed in the platform on all sides." Viscount Canning then, on behalf of the Juries, read the report. The reading of the report appeared to be considered inconveniently long and tedious as it could only be heard by the persons placed in the immediate neighbourhood of the platform and there were occasionally indecorous cries from one of the galleries of " Speak up 4's and " Time, lime !'' Prince Albert having received the voluminous reports of the Juries from Lord Canning, then placed them on the table before him, and proceeded to reply. _, ,, r Though the Prince spoke in a loud and distinct voice, he could be heard only by a small fraction of the vast assemblage : he was, however, cheered repeatedly and when the Foreign Commissioners were called upon the platform to receive the acknowledgments of His Royal Highness from the Royal Commissioners, there was another general burst of acclamation. The choristers and the organ poured forth another verse of the national anthem, the spectators joining with enthusiasm. The Bishop of London, attended by his Chaplain, their advanced to the centre of the platform, and, amidst the profound silence of the multitude, pronounced the following prayer, in a solemn and impressive tone of voice: " O, Almighty and most merciful God, Father of all mankind, who hut made of one blood all nations of men to serve and worship Thee, and by their words and works to glorify Thy holy name ; who didst send There only Son into the world to reconcile it unto Thee, and to unite all men in one brotherhood of holiness and love ; we, Thine unworthy servants, most humbly beseech Thee to accept our offering of prayer and praise. From Thee alone proceed III good counsels and all useful works, and by Theo alone are they conducted to a prosperous and. We acknowledge with all humility and thankful, ness, the gracious answer which Thou hast vouchsafed to the prayers of our Queen and her people, in blessing, with a wonderful measure of success, an undertaking designed to exhibit the glories of Thy creation, to promote the useful exercise of those faculties which Thou hast implanted in the sons of men, and to encourage the growth of peace and brotherly love. " We humbly thank Thee, U Lord, that thou hast graciously prospered the counsels of him who conceived, and of those who have carried out, that great design and that Thou hast mercifully protected from harm the multitudes who have thronged this building. We acknowledge it to be of Thy goodness that a spirit of order and mutual kindness, of loyalty to our Sovereign, of obedience to the law, and of respect for the sanctity of Thy Sabbath, has been manifested by the people in this country, in the sight of those who have been here gathered together from all parts of the world.. 11 We about Thou also, that Thou hast disposed the hearts of many nations to enter upon a generous and peaceful competition in those arts which, by Thy merciful appointment, minister to the comfort of man, and redound to Thy glory as the Giver of every good and perfect gift. " We devoutly pray, that all may be led to acknowledge Thy power, wisdom, and goodness, in the achieve- ments of man's industry and skill, and may depart to their several homes to speak in their own tongues the wonderful works of God. Continue to them, we beseech Thee, Thy favour and protection; let Thy good providence conduct them in surety to their native land, and bless them with prosperity and peace. Grant, O Lord, that this gathering of Thy servants from every nation may be the token and pledge of a continued inter- course of mutual kindness between the different branches of Thy universal family. May it contribute to the growth of Christian love, and hasten the coming of that blessed reign of peace, when nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.' " Lastly, we pray Thee with thy favour to behold our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria, the Prince Albert, Albert Prince of Wales, and all the Royal Family; to continue to this nation the manifold gifts which Thy goodness Iras so long abundantly showered upon it to save and defend all Christian kings, princes, and governors, and to bless Thy people committed to their choice. Give them grace that they may In all things seek Thy honour and glory, and be diligent in the heavenly work of enlightening and purifying mankind, of diffusing through the world the blessings of peace, and of extend- fog the kingdom of Thy dear Son, who has taught us to approach Thee as our common Parent, and to say-' a . Our Father, which art In Beavan, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done in earth, as it is In Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us, And lead us not into temptation, buldelWar us from evil for thine is the kingdom, the po««vram}.tlr« glory, for ever and ever. Amen.' , i -strike grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and thereof God, scabby fellowship of the Holy Ghost, is with us all systems. Aaun." "While the prayer was" being read, the State; dard reports", " every voice was hushed and every head bowed ; men of all nations, all sects, and all religions, apparently influenced by the same feelings, and uniting in one common tribute of acknowledgment to the Supreme Being for the final and successful accomplishment of the great undertaking. The scene was not unlike that presented in some vast cathedral and the effect was still further heightened when at the close the organ, orchestra, and voices burst into the magnificent Hallelujah Chorus ; the effect of which was indescribably fine and impressive. At its close, the cheering was again renewed and all restraint being now at an end, the people broke out into the most noisy demonstrations of enthusiasm. The Prince again bowed repeatedly, and let i red to the Royal Commissioners' department, where mutual felicitations were exchanged and the Foreign Commissioners having paid their respects to his Royal Highness and taken leave, the assemblage gradually broke up." JunY III. SUBSTANCES usun ron FOOD. Council Medals: Fiance 4, United States 1, United Kingdom 1. Prize Medals: United Kingdom 35, France 18, United States 13, Canada 10, Spain to, Russia 8, India 4, Portugal 3, Van Diemen's Land 3, Attstiia 2, Cape 2, Borneo 2, Tuscany 2, British Guiana 1, Sweden 1, Bel gi tun 1 Grenada 1, South Australia I, Jersey 1, Algeria New South Wales l,Tiinudnd China Turkey 1, Hesse I, Prussia 1, Mauritius 1. Among the Council medallists are Messrs. Peter Lawson and Son, of Scotland, for their admirably displayed, very complete, instructive, and scientifically- arranged collection of the vegetable products of Scotland, since liberally presented to the Executive Council towards its memorial collection. Among the prize medallists ave Abbas Pasha, Viceroy of Egypt, for soft white wheat; the Sublime Porte for hard wheat, Turkish tobacco, and honey ; Prince Albert, for beams and winter oats ; the Assain'Comptmy for its collection of teas. Jtmv IV. SUBSTANCES FOR MANUFACTURES. Council Medals: France 3, United Kingdom 2. Prize Medals: Fiance 41, India 33, United Kingdom 29, United States 20, Austria 14, Spain 13, Prussia 11, Belgium 10, Russia 10, Algeria 9, Tuscany 8, British Guiana 8, Van Diemen's Land 8, Cape 6, Turkey C, Portugal 3, Ceylon 2, New Zealand 2, Canada 2, New South Wales 2', Sardinia 2, Netherlands 2, Labuan 1, Trinidad 1, China 1, South Australia 1, Wurtemberg 1, Bavaria 1, Tunis 1, West Africa 1, St. Domingo 1. Among the Council medallists are M. Jean Louis Graux, de Mauchuinp, France, " for the origination of a new and valuable quality of wool, giving to the variety of merino the best quality for combing, increased strength, brilliancy, and fineness of fibre ;'' and Mr. John Mercer, of the United Kingdom, " for a process of modifying the fibre of cotton by the action of caustic alkali, whereby its physical and chemical properties are altered and improved in a most remarkable manner." Among the prize medallists are the Russian Government of Esthonia, for flax; Sir Will liam Denison, Governor of Van Diemen's Land, for his collection of raw produce ; the Rajah of' Kishnagurgh, India, for fixed oils ; the Rajah of Jeypore, India, for his altar of ruses. Ji'BT XVII. PAPER AND STATIONERY, PRINTING AND BOOKBINDING, Council Medal : Austria I. Prize Medals : United Kingdom 34, France 25, Prussia 6, Austria 4, Belgium 3, Wurtemberg 2, Sardinia 1, Denmark 1, Van Diemen's Land 7, Turkey 1, India 1, Egypt 1, Bavaria 1, Saxony 1, Canada I, Hesse 1, Russia 1, Netherlands 1. The single Council medal is awarded to the Imperial Court and Printing-office of Vienna, Austria, for novelty of invention, and the number of new combinations in the art of typography. Among the prize medallists are Messrs. Duzong late, of Smyrna, Asiatic Turkey, for their writing papers; and Mr. H. Dowling, of Van Diemen's Land, for Tasmanian printing Condensed from the Spectator of the 15th October, 1851. 