.HOMEBUSn DRAPERS' MEETING. 1852. ALTHOUGH lacking the pen of a " ghost,' -wherewith to sketch the ulorious doing* .on ihe 7tb anti Bth instnnt, by our evcry \- incli sporting turfites-the Drnpers of the Metropolis, still the ghosts of divers pen« . ol' ancient days present them-elves as enn <lidatea fur that honorable and responsible labour of love ; «nd with an avidity in- separable from a keen telish for the most noble of British pastime*, tve pu use not .for sélection, but grasp the first potent little implement of description, and .straightway plunge into uur annual nar- rativa. The goodly seed sown yeats back by the promoters of this meeting, has deve- loped itself into a sturdy plant, producing fruit in abundance, of quality iwexcep- ¡ lionable, rind which hasoUoineil a degree of excellence and popularity only io be won by the most unwearied exertions on the part of its cultivators. By these gentlemen, the convenience and wishes of ihe «porting community have bren inva- riably consulted, and th« libeiality of their arrangements lin ve been -such as ta command equally invariable approbation. ID regard lo tho /programme fcsued for the present year, -we may -say that, in 'point of brilliancy df materials, and every legitimate attraction, it lins never been surpassed by any other meeting of similar pretensions ; and in this we feel assured wo shall be borne out by the verdict of nil who had the wisdom to turn,a willing tur to thc trumpet-cull which summoned them to the course on either «if tho two days. Despite the all-absorbing macneil* of the various gold districts, h wa« apparent thal the magic nf their influence was powerless to render Iheir votaries insen- sible to the innocent enjoyments nf the present, in vainly speculating upon the un« .eeria*,! future. Golden visions nf wealth yet to be attained, gave way before tho golden glimpses of sunshine which wooed 'them to temporary relnxntiou from the great business of every-day lifo tn the lesser one of n periodical holiday ; and the shrill clarion of morn broke, upun many a sleepless car-a grateful sum- mons to those who, ¡ti tim ardour of their csulntsiusni, had contracted n feeling ol 'suspenso of. momentous interest to theil pockets, and the hour for the determina' lion of which was now tepidly approach- ing. " Gallop npaco, yo Aery-footed steeds,"* (not to PiKebnR' innnslon, ns Ovid h Mt it) tn thc merry mend of Homebush, wai .the exulting cry nf many a care-delyini gallant, nu vaulting into the pig- skin, lu dashed forward lo join the living stroan of warm-blundcil turfites pouring tlnwi ihe southern ' thoroughfares of the city -en rou tito thc field of action S eep, sloop no more I'1 'In shrlllrsa accents of tho most accom .plished hiuid-niuidoii, struck upon th .slumbering tar of beauty, whose damns' .cheek''hore in itt« vavy'mg tints tell-tal v'intlicutlons of the havoc which the intm iicent occupant of the pillow dreamed t ,<apreading amongst the train of suhoi «who awaited her coming with an ¡ll 1 TépTfrscd impatience, equalled only b , that «if their ftctful chargera. Hui. we musí pull up our Pegasus a b't, anil not distress llim by too srvere a p ce ; bis poetic flight ought to be c lacked, or it would interfere willi the a «.»er pruse of describing things as they ? ppeared on this eventful day. T|,e .norning looked rather suspicious ; heavy .¡loud* darkened the azure of the skv, .nd forcibly reminded one of the water iiucKi-ts of Aquarius, but a fresh hrepze .iprauir, np which scattered Hip cloomy monsters, and rendered all bright auain. As every good however, is tempered with some evil, this wind raised clouds of dust, which peppered all who were mus- tered on the mid. Kxcuse this old Joseph Miller; one likes to take a pinch of departed dust, now and then. The minute particles ofpounded silex (we must be geological and skientific in these tiniest) insinuated themselves beneath ihe veils of the fair sex, and were a dreadful eye-sore to the lordly ones who vented their displeasure in certain expres- sions which, had Mr. C. II. Chambers been near, would decidedly have brought lh*>m, the utterers, under one of the clauses of the Vagiant Act. To remedy this inconvenience, however/sundry pull ups and wash-downs were resorted to, and thc chief priests of the roadside Bacchanalian temples, received the me tnllic offerinss of their devotee* with becoming dignity. The exchange was decidedly in their favour. Nei'ch's, the Governor Gipps, Cutts', and Kirwnn's, where the studs were .stabled, were, as usual, thronged with Turfites eager to find out the "grand secret" of the forthcoming events. In one corner might be seen hawk-eyed cents in earnest converse with the bow- legged fry who were to CROSS (we mean nothing offensive 1) the pig skin for the day ; whilst in another, surrounded by a cloud of small bettors, stood thc Levia- than of the Australian Turf, prepared to swallow the whole of lim tiny tish who were swimtninp; about the jaws nf destruc- tion and on the verge of his capacious swallow. Odds were given und taken, and possibles staked or bonked with alarming rapidity, and the five pound gentlemen out for the day, who laid theil money out with tittle rhyme and less rea ons, were likely to be OUT for the day ir another sense. The approaching mid-day hour concen- trated the various scatteied parties, anr! the mass dashed on to the course in firs' rate order although, an occasional cat discovering the pole when least antici. pnted, induced its driver tri do a lillie ir the Billingsgate vernacular, and tait loudly about dam ages and such liki improprieties. Et'erything will have ni end-bad temper is included in tin sweeping clause, ergo, these nccidenti were soon forgiven anti forgotten. The1 course was in beautiful order, wi never remember to have seen it brtter the light rains with which we have beet favoured of late rendered it soft ant springy, without making it. heavy, ai.t this fact was taken into consideration bj tho knowing ones who ken tb** differenci between n hawk und ajhandsaw,* and t light and a heavy course. As for thc un initiated, one of Macadam's hardest bili of " flint," the Newmarket Bowling Green, or lite b"gs of Ireland, would I« all the same to (.'«em-" every ono to hi¡ trode," as thechimn*Y sweep »aid to tlx Bishop, Tlio day» nf tho olden lime. Ero the love of golden greed, Hail vritheied thu verdant turf, And checked tho racer's speed were once more brought before us. There were not pi-rhaps sn many booths as ol yore, nor so numerous au assemblage nf visitors ; yet lhere WHS enough of the former decorated with their many colored flags to produce a pleasing effect in the picture, and of the latter, what was lost :n quantity was amply mude up for in 'quality. Wc do not remember in the palmiest days of racing, a more aristo- cratic, more orderly, or more stylish meet- ing, livery one wis in high feather and tip-top fin, and exhilaration was decidedly the order of the course. The Drapery Establishments hud evidently been ran- sacked for the occasion, anti the beauti- ful costume which borrowed from, yet lent to, the fair wearers, an extra charm told many a tale nf tho busy fingers ol milliners and mantua makers, unclouded by the'harrowing thoughts of ^distressed needlewomen-worn, wasted, wear] frames, and-pauper graves. Away with such theme, lt can only Impart A gloom to tho* feelings, a pang to tho heart ! His Excellency tho Govurrror-Gene'Tai arrived upon the ground at ten uiinulei before twelve o'clock. Thc ?carriage ni the lion. Mrs Keith Stuart and party preceded his .Excellency, who waa tu: hnrse-bnek, and looked remnrknhly well Thc distinguished visitors were Teceived by the Stewards of the Meeting, am! escorted to the place reserved for theil accommodation, a cordial welcome beam' ¡rifr in the face nf every spectator. Im- mediately afterwards tho bell rang fortl cheerily for the PttsT Raes. THE DRAPERS' PURSE of One Hundred »nt Fifty Sovereigns, tor all linrsrs that neve! «nu an advertised prise; wei«lit for «Re Homebush racing weights s one* mund) ti start at the three mila post t the «Inner li receive One Hundred Sovereigns, serum linrte thirty sovereigns. Ihiril horse twrnij sovereigns. Entrance, (ivs sovereigns. Mr John Kerrigan's b.h. Spoilsman, 3 yrs. (Mailineer) ,. .".. '. Rove's li.h. Rr onsen lng, I yrs. " T, Rnhrrts'li.h. V Hilliard. ! .' J. K.iherts' d.h. Victory. 4 yrs . ? Bailueiy'* ti ll. Sudueer, 3 yrs. j " Charles RiuVi!*' br.lt, Hevens», 2 yr*.. I .' T. R. Hnssltei'a n.s.n.ir, Cnnfi.tenre. iyis I " J, lt. Holden's b.m. Ahce C<i|>ly,4 yr*.. ( .. -Sharp's h.g. \Vood/erker, 4 yrs .... I .. "Barton's b li. Cherry Pecker, 2 yrs..., I 11 llraly's (J R. Brewer,,unknown . t Captain Kits Kny's ti.m. l'/rserl|ition, 4 yia < Mr De Climrl's il.if. Rattan, .1 yrs . d J. llnwtliurnr'a b.m. Atalanta, aged. d The horse alilcli mn»t probal ly, at the Rn glaner, wmild strike Iii» fanry nf Ihe s|>*ct*to HnmnRst this splendid field nf maidens, an. Ilroiisewliig, for certainly we never saw a hors lu nu ((ht upon any emirs» la romlitlni innre superb t but perhaps In tingllui nut Mr Roar'* Imrte fur particular men thin, w» may he supposed to ihef sightly nf Ihr other eleven. Nut sn; Ilia tur nf this Island never boastid so spicy màldrn lot, turned out on* and all from the! respectivt stables In tip-top style, each present lng . picture xorlhy of th» pencil of a Herring .s tdry took their preliminary canter past th «hair, Speculation «ts not so rife ss we has »?en ¡I upon lill« ut-lit in previous yene* ; bul Sportsman «as freely bucked by th* Maitland party, wl.o (.irked up the current odds nf 0 lo.\ ¡ as fast ks idbre/i, willi a confiuVnrr which, jo I Mfi| ear^nre, lark eil but lillie of a dem) rertiiiily. j Brmiz-wintr »a» rit-xl in demand, and of, Breuer I »nd Confidence junie fe»' wUtpers »err cirru j Uteri, but which (.moonled tt mut- rpi.onsliiii,' j as far as fating lite coal »a« concerned. Tlie j Braid* ood nag liken Hr failed in S.dueing th» ; afl-rtinns nf Hie many, although coniltliun ma» i n'it wanting tn dave jusli' fil their choie» bad it ' ' laid in that direction. He «as named by sume j half-doz>n : .and "nhl no, w» never mention ] lliein" »as the position of Hie rest nf the fi«ld in j 1 the betting ring. A more spirit-stirring scene «VHS i never presented on lb» Metropolitan course than ; HIP marshalling nf the maiden ili'len up lo the ? piisl ; ihe H|.|iiiintments of horse anti man «rere j equally faultless, and a goodlier «ittlit never ' greeted the eyes of the fX|WCt.nt multitude than when, at the word, th»y »ped upon their way with a siniultini'Oiia rush f.ir the lead. Th« two blicks and whiles. Vanguard and Victory, closely «Hended hy Sportsman, Rrnnz-wing, and Prescription, ¡eil the luck, all Well Up, dnitn III« Q<t, p«»t the chair, and as far sa ihr hollow, when M«nlneei »hewed the two leading burnes how cheaply he held them, hy gliding ahead. Bronx.win .< following suit at the top nf th« It'll, and tikiiiu second place. The running in miy he ea*il* described - Sportsman without lU'tiinw a hair maintained a sirona lend uf half a doz'ii lenglhs. Bronx-wing racing bravely but vainly fnr first, but taking second pince, Vanguatd third, and V etnry fourth. The tail, ronjittinv of Seducer. Revenge, Brewer, Confidence, (tr, wer« brought up straggling, in tbe Older named. T.me, 3 min 21 sec. Sucoso RAC«. THE TRADESMAN'S PURSE of Seventy Sovereigns, for all h »rs«» that never won an advertised prize exreeding thirty sovereign*, exclusive of sweepstakes ; once round and a j distance i two year olds, 7st 711» : three years, j 8«t 7lbs ; four years, 9it 6lbs ; five years. Sst lOlbs ; six and agni, 1 Oat. Mares and geld« j inga allowed 3lb« ; no extra allowance for maidrns. Twenty sovereigns to be given from the prize, tor which a second heat must be run ; Ihe winner to he considered the i second horse in the race. The winner nf the j first heat, and distanced horse«, not allowed lo start. Entrance, five sovereigns. Mr T. Daly's e.h. Lieutenant.4 yrs, (Boen) I " J. Roberts' h.*. J u le Shrpherd, aged. 2 " Harris'b.g. Tiger, aged. 3 " Sharp's b.g. Woodpecker. 4 yrs. 0 " De Clnuet's e.g. Kaftan, 3 yrs. 0 " J. WoU's b.g. Tarquin, ageil. 0 " Beresford's b.m. Djra, 4 yrs. 0 '. J. R. Holden'» b.m. Alice C'oply, 4 yrs.. 0 " Holmes' e.g. Grads, 5 years .-. 0 " H«aly*s g.«. Brewer, unknown. 0 " J. Gorries'* br.g. Grasshopper, 3 yrs... 0 The Mailänders, all elate with the success of their favorite, on the principle of running up their luck of course piekxl out Lieutenant for this event, and no bad judges either. His a, pear ance wai a sufficient certificate of Ilia h«ing all there, and be gradually rose in the scale nf estimation from 6 to S io 1 before the start. Th« house-breaker, the gentle Dora, and Tiger, had their respectiva friend«: but the oiher*, and amongst them one or two of no contemptible figura - Rutan and Gratis'p ir ex., wera ata discount. Por this single tvent of heats (not to speak paradoxically) the eleven started at a tremen- dous bat. thc Brewer dashing ahead for the first few strides, when Dura, escoried by ttl« Linne- j nani, bade him good lUy, the favourite in turn leading the mare I.nit way down the distance I and past the chair by a length. The remainder mustrrad pretty closely together at Ihe respect lui diitance of some dozen yards. Rounding the ruiner, at the falling ground Tiger singled him- self out from ilie commoners, and took third place, the '. gallant grey" succumbing lo lila fate and weight at itiserelidn, and retiring into l-ss honorable company ; as lin-y neared the hill, Holmes who rode Gr.ilii (and who as it unfor- tunately turned out dill ride for nothing) fancy- ing a bout with the Tarquin, drew upon the lal lei's quarter, and Intimating his courteous resolve, the challenge wa« accepted j the haugh- ty Rom in sped forward on his Course, for some thirty yirds, when Ile over reached himself, stumbled, and (ell with terrific force, throwing Ina rider, (happily without injury,) and fracturing his near fore leg. With the greatest difficulty, and by main strength, Holmes escaped falling over hts piosti ate antagonist, but hy su doing lost all fu- turo chance, nul succeeding in saving his dii I lane». Tlie race hume Uy entirely between th* i favorite and Dora, the game little inure snug- gling glotioiisly for the victory, hut bring easi- ly beales hy a couple of lengths; Tig«r timi*. .'nd the rest everywhere or nnwhrre. al die optiou of i'«e reader. Tune, 2 m. 15 sec«, seven se- conds .".".ter than th« race for the same eveot last year. Sterin fllAT.-It wa» evident that the strength of the mare J»as unequal lo her compe- ting successfully for Hie «icuid irs» ; and Jack Sheppard and Tiger weit »irlglrd out a« the only likely ones of the five who Cam* lo the scratch, viz -Dora, lUttan, Jack Shep..;!!-'. Jiger, and Alice C'op'y. The BithuMt horst, rat'led od with th» lead, attended by the mar« 'pr same tinten strides, »h. n Tigrr .Xrhingcd place» ftlh the pair, and led them round the corner and to the hollow by about three lengths. At the rise. Kurd called upon his horse, »ho speedily dre» alongside tlie Tl,;rr and arni a merry pace in company as far a« the corner, whwn hf »hoot off his competitor airer rtjbrl.t struggle, and ran in an easy winner by'kbout four lengths ; Alice, Rattan, antl^Qora, as named. Time, 2 m. 32 Sera. Mr Wt st's horse Tarquin was shut immedi. ately after th» accident in the first heat, as above described. THUD RAC«. THE METROPOLITAN HANDICAP of One Hundred S Ver rig ns, for all hoi ses, lo be handicapped by the strwaids, ur whom they may appoint ; twice round and a distance. Ihe sectind horse lo receive twenty sovereign* from tho prize. Entrance, five sovereign«, Mr R' F.wem'« br.g. Samson, 4 yrs, 8«t 51b 1 " C. H..lulls' b.n,. Vanity, 0 yrs. 8>t lulb 2 " Harri«' b.h. Plover, aged, Ost 8«b. 3 " J. ll. Atkinson's g.g. Almack, aged, Sst filb. 4 " Tait's br .h. Surplice. 3 yr*, 7st lOlh. 0 " Merretl'a b.g. Jorrnck*. fgetl, 8<i. 0 .. De Clnuet's g.g. Pasha, aged. 8*1 tVb.. dr " W. Blackman's g .g. Minstrel Boy, 4 yrs 7«'t I2lb. dr .* C. R'dierts' br.'e. Young Plover, 4 yr«, " 1 8.t 81b . di " R. Fa«celt's b.h. Sponsin in, 3 yr«, 7«l 101b .... dr When"tho iron-tnngued summons for saddling for this, the crack race nf tire meeting, was heard, ih» exeiti ment was Intrus» ; Indeed, al- though Ibis handicap had previously been freely commeutrd iqainjiy certain and sundry turi critics, who wore not slow to question th« judg- ment of th» Prclldoitl-ol the Srales »nd Weights, it passed llituugl- tht»>ur.d'Bl of th» betting ring, without a whisper tif.di«n|.|irohniun. nor were Ita imperfections sufficiently gi iring to Induce the withdrawal of an) honest opinion previously expressed upon any on» of the horses. Eacli nag buasted a serried ho«t of partisans. Irony th« vrtt-ran of the Tuif-the gallant Jurrocks-do*n tu the youngest In the lot. A> most intiknl manifestation uf Interest waa tltspWytd as the "old burs«" »as led upon th» rouis», and tji.*r ! deafening cheers made th« welkin ring again. I as he passed before thr Stand. Poor (dd Inns* ! j Hie «I lilt of other days wa« unrxtmgulshed-I* I nnexlinguishahle. Lui no new trophies may be gathered for Ins laurel Int brow. His fame is Impeiisha'ile, and lb« records of past yrara «ld advance his undisputed rlaim lo the fitst niche in the gallery ol AoMralU'a winning horse* Of lids chutee fi Id.'Pluv r, Vanity, and Sim- son were almost un a par, Hi« furnier slightly In advance for choice, amt " tliavMiiiUnd horse and nothing els» " suiting the bouka of geiillriuen Iroin lils »ide of th« country.« The mare wa« faultless lu let pru lo roiiilition, and "now ur never " w as the candidly spoken bolirf ol hei most sanguine ndinlirrs. Th« winner uf th» Leger, from whom inlicit was tX|»ei.tl, asl aim uiiuxvaptluiiable In outer appearance i bul Al- mack sud th» Pluvar »cnct ly esme up to our standard-the former being . usg re« too Ul, and tba taller manifestly out ot sorts, either iiom V woik and labour door," or tbs "wright of ytan" or possibly fsc-m tb« sxinjolat Muns. The »ix having drawn up to the poit, a mo unit of hrrathlrs* suspens» prereried flip sig- nal. " They're «>fl," w»» tlie cry, and down th* distance they ram» nst a, t-lliug bat. Samson. Almack, and tbr Veteran in front for tlie fir at fitly yalda, alien Surplice dashing forward at a killing pare, volunteer')! the lead ; Vanity and Plover, soil in band, hiding their lime. In thi> order, «it'i ihr exception of -Surplice gradually falling tuck upon th* grey, and the old horse lettrine honourably from sn linppi-ss a struy rle. ! lo a less conspicuous position., the. six rounded ' Hie cottril-, came into the straight runn.ing. and i down the dit ,. passing the citai/. Surplice,lt d tlie prey by half a length. Simson some four l-ngths behind, and Vanny and Flover close up, Ihe mare gradually for»; in if nlirad ; HS they i dipped into the In.How at the turn, Simeon was 1 stride for stride willi the two I n'ting Inns-». ! and Vanity creeping onwards to..k second : place, Almack rnntenting himself w iih ihitil, j and SurpMc* having ou'-ron .his tettn-r, I creetly resigning -ll lui Hier pr«i«ii%i»n> Til« ¡ mme sltu^ghtt in fniu tn con.e to t*hi-« qo.it t. ri. ' willi lipr powerful anlagnni«t «hu »,-nt away I from her at pl«asure with ihe most apii.'riit j ease, find al th« lumroit t.f th« hill l-tl I.y u, - j ward« of a .1 .**"> Irnglh«. » hi -h Ji-ui.c. Ii« j main'at.icd lo Hm goal. At Hie il«-. fl'g g, t »nu rall-d upon' th« l'!'»«r, »li-, fl » pa-t A ..?-ri.. and a«pit«.l r>, « g r-t i p'-ii> qui') uni, V n.iy than Hi« niat«i«H« . ,i«p,.»<->) t.. .-e.r. id. Ai 'h-v ram* down iii« fl««, iii« rv. « .« all for ».c..ntl plvre.ulnrh wa» wno rt », riv tit- 'h* tn««»-. Al- mack fi Utih, J.iirnrk* fl 'h. en! Soipl re mitr- ing. Time. £ o. 25«. ci. Fluter as Usu*, pulled up dead lame. FOURTH RACE. THF. PRINCE OF WALES STAKES of Tlirep Sovereigns each, with Forty Sove- reigns added, for all hors-s ; weight fur age. ]Iom«h'i»h racing weights. Tlie »inner to be sold hy politic auction immediately after HIP rac* for £75 ; any surplus to go to Hie rac» fund, hut if ent«r«d to he sold for £G0, allowed 7>ha, if fnr £50 I2lbi.lt fer £40 I7lbs, if fur £30 2211ji, if for £20 2st. Heals, one» rn.ind and a distance. Entrance, three «ovtrsignt. Mr Rowe's br g , Callender, aged. 8«t. llb. Mr Do Clouet'a, g. g, Pasha, aged ... Capt. Fitz Roy's c g. Volunteer, 6 years . Mr J. Tnit's b. g. Canute.5 years.. Mr J. Kohert's b. h. Victory, A years Mr \V Blackman's g g. Minstrel Boy, 4 years . Mr Ward's b. g. Comet, S years. Mr C, Robert's bU.g, Sultan.açed.. Mr A. Badgery'i b. g.. Jemmy, 3' years. Mr Gorrick's g. g. Cinnamon, 6 years Mr Merrett'« b. g. Jnrrocka, aged ... Mr H caty's g. g. Brewer, unknown... This was unquestionably tho best contested race of the meeting, but inasmuch as «pace is wanting to do jastio* to the running, wc must postpone a detailed report until our next issue. Billy tho Weazlo, the rider of Minstrel Boy. was unhorsed with fearful violence by coming in contact with an equestrian, who risked n gaüop across the course in the teeth of the horses. He was severely bruised, bot nut dangerously so. 0 0 2 2 1 I 1 0 0 