DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. Careless Drivixo.-DonnisRiordan pleaded guilty, yestoitbiy, to a charge of b.ing diunk and carolos» driving, anti was fined 4Us by the Mayor and Mr Hull for tho offence. Victoria Land and Buii.wno Sicietv._ At the meeting of this Society hobl last even, ing, the receipts amounted lo£3G2 Is Gd ; nine nhti'os we'.e sold, four at £31, and five at j£il 10s. Austuama Fixix Building Society.-At tho meeting held on Tuesday evening, tho amount received was £596 9s 2d. Messrs Thos Quirk and Wns. M. Bell, wrro 'elected members of the Committee, and S. Bawtrcc, Esq , Stoward. JIunawav Pjuso'Kns.-William Rose, Goo Brown, Thomas Ward, and William G-eorgo Matthews, weie charged at tho Dim riet Court, yesterday, with being runaway prisoners of tho Ciotvn. Tho evidence was not pieparcd, and they were all remanded. Cuthng Timms on Chown Lands -Threo penong woro sover ally bl ought up at the Po'ieo Court, yeateidty, on charges of cutting tinibor on Crown lands without a license. Jamos Fio mant was fined 15s, and Jonathan bind ford 3* William Rut-sell, a mero boy, who was proved to havo boen acting under Ins nmcrs oraeis, was discharged. A. Run -Mr Henderson's hounds were out yesterdiy, and unearthed a wild dog, about, twomi'es fiom town,on the snuth side of the Yana Af.cr a splendid run of about eight miles, tho dog was killed within a sholl tlis tanco of Little Brighton. A Pui/.i! Fin ht.-Ono of these brutalizing exhibitions ubicli occasionally disgrace our town, called ti ptizc-iiglit, took place yesterday after- noon in the rear of the cemetery. Several rounds weie fought, but our fnstc not being in th.it way wo are ncith'r able nor wil iug to give the details. We bolic>e t.ic ground was oven uully cleared by the police. A Rush-An absurd story of a Ghost hav- ing been seen opening and shuiting the win- dows of a dilapidated . house neat' Wilshii e's tannery, has had tho effect for two or threo nights past of drawing hundreds of pontons to the spot, gazing on the ruin with an inten-ity equal to that of Ilrratholl in the prosecution of his discoveries, but not with the like success. Tlio îeport is said to have originated with tho mislrcss of a public houso 'in the vicinity. Sydnct/ Herald WlLLIAMSTOWN Regatta.- Such of our readers as are fond of aquatics, will not forget that the Williamstown Regatta takes place to-day, an excellent programme of sport having been provided by the energy of the captains of the noble fleet of vessels now at anchor in our bay. That there may be no lack of the means of transit for the townsfolk, the proprietors of the Gipsy, Aphrasia, and Vesta steamers have placed their vessels at the service of the sight-seers throughout the entire day. They will leave Cole's, Raleigh's, and the Queen's Wharfs, respectively, at ten o'clock in the morning, and return in the evening when the sport is over. The list of prizes to be sailed and rowed for, may be seen in our advertising columns. Misquotations.-Some very wise gentle- man, signing himself W. H. writes a letter to the Herald, in which he says that the Argus has stated that " Mr La Trobe is a notorious convict-loving accomplice of Lord Grey." We beg to state that the Argus never said any such thing, and if W. H. had read the article which he alludes to, as attentively as he ought to have done before replying to it, he would have saved us the trouble of noticing his mis-quota tion. In future attempts of the sort, we shall feel obliged to W.H. when he honours us by quoting our expressions, if he will confine him self to the exact words which he finds in our columns. THE CONCERT.-The following is the programme of the Concert for this evening: - PART I. Overture - Il Montecchi ed i Capuletti. Song - The breaking of the day - Mr Bancroft. Violin Solo - Herr Mater (first timo) gong-Uachlein lass dein Kauschen sein, Mis Testar. Quadrilles-Juvenile. Glee-Tinco voices. PART II, Overture- Lo Cheval de Bronze. Aria-Fly hence each hile leur, (Violin Obligato, Mr Megson,) Mrs Testar. Violoncello Solo-Mr Thompson. Song - Return of the Admiral, Mr Bancroft. Ballad - An ye sall walk in silk attire, Mr Testar. Volka-Holiday. Buffo Poor-Baron llohinbig, Mr Cooze. l'Initie-God tuve the uucen. A rroiNTMf.NTs. - Yesterday s Government Gazette, contains the f' flowine; appointments ; Mr Charles Kiiend, Harbour Master, nt Ore lonj;, to bo a member of tho linm'gtation Bo i rd of that phro ; Mr doini Inn til, lo bo Chief Constable at CiHtlomainit ; Willirni Fen wale, mid f-iunuel J" hu C« okivlO'qr«, t" bu Ai-aistaiil-Cominissiiiiiir-t of Crown fluids I'm tho Mo ml. A'oMiiii'cr 1 ¡strict; Jouithnn lunns Wori», K>q, has beon appointed by tbo Repub- lic of Chill, Consul of tnat topubiic, for Me1, bom ne, Adohtido, and Sydney. Found CllAltorjK - Tbo keeper of tho Mci bom nu Ft mid applied to the Dislri-1 Ucind», on Tuesday, for an ini'ioa'od allowance for tbo support of'callie under his charge. Ho statt ti (lint the itliowmit'O wai. ml) 1> per head for twi nty-lour lit ins, mid that .is, ho ha I no lu thor menus' the poor ¡uiimnls wero inmost starling. 'I ho liencli iiuihorUu I him to iiioivii'e lin» ..llowancrf for hoi-t.es to 2s (jil \ cr diem, mid lor all other cuttle 100 per cent on the sum at prc scut charged. r, DitUNKAnDS --John Nunn, Thouhs DiiVon, 1 Willam Binge-, Ruhert Kirk, and Jo-, pli Oir vin, were ycstuiihy fined 5s ench for being diiu.k, at thoPoliot) Court. Mistaken Lemcncv.-Patrick Lannigan wn= brought beft re the Bench at Williamstown, on Tuesday, to answer the charge of assaulting Ser- jeant Stone of lb') Police, »ith intent to do him somegiievous bodily harm, whilst in tho execu lion of his duty, 'it nppenre 1 Lannigan cuno fiom Melbourne by tho steamer, and shortly after landing mot Stone and hogan abusing him ; tho Serjo mt told him he had betti r go homo und take caro of himself; tho defendint immediately hold up a heavy )oid>d whip stock in a threat- ening attitud', ttill continuing to abuse Stone, who at once attempted to tafcej him into custody. Without more ndo, ho ] struck a blow with his whip, which broke down down tins constable's hat, mid had he not pat try parried tho blow with his arm, tho chinees mc his skull would have been fractured. The actusid had nothing to najr in defence, except tlmt ho waa excited by drink. Ho was fu'ly committtd to Melbourne lo take his trial Thiä ¡s the thud timo tinco the commencement of tho year this man lins booti bolero the Bench on similar ehurgcs, vi/. : on Jmuary 21st, for uni assault with intent, up m a i espectable female, for which bo was bound over, himself and two »urdios, to kcip the pcaco for six months; again on the 2 3id March lio was committed for n most aggravated a1* mil on his wife, lo tako his trial at the last sessions, but by some in- trigue or other tho prosecutiix did not nprear, ,i-i(l ho was ng.in nd mitti d to hail, although tho Williams Town B^neh had written to the legal autlio'itiea in Melbourne, tint the man in question was not a fitting person tobo treated in this way : and hci e is tho proof of it-no f coner does ho gain his liboity thin he at ( nco goes t'i Williams To \ n, out of cheer bravado, as it weio.to bcatd the authorities, and to show tho little leal pow.r thoy possess over such unmitigated scoundrels Tun >'ei.sj.v Koniicnr,-A report was cur- rent yrs'.crdny, th it ono of the mon who ne now in gaol, awaiting th'ir trial for being con cerned in the Nehon r.ibbciy had "peached.,' and informed the police where a quantity of the gold was concealed. The ria' f mt» of ihc case aie as follows A mnn mmed Uatfiolt','vliO wa some week-: ago giicn into the cus'ody of the police, nt Gisborne, on neiiirgo of lobbery, managed te effect his escape, and came dawn tito,T'. Having a quantity of gold at tho Treasury, he got pos=o.sion of it, and fearing that h.4 .hould forfeit the who'o if h'o got nguiu into tlie ham s cf tho1 Philistines, ho conceded it under same stones near the ii ig't.ilf. Some sharpsightcd po'i otnan recognlned the man a lew days aft« r this occurrence, mid, he wns again placed in tu-nure; but not feeling quite easy about his gold, ho told Iho po'ice all ab ut tho treusuie, uni a couple of the detectives went to the spot indicitt ii, and dug up upwai ds of twelve pounds in weight Whotlic,- tim gold . is the produce of robbery or f ir di.'gi >g (Joes not tiat^piro ; at all event», it is i't the hands of tho pilicc, and will piohnbly immiln there. A SiD.VKY Jo«.-The Post Ollicc. from the gross incumpctcncy mid d'sgn celui practices in its management which have been trought to light, on absolute and nmple evidence, h is pro- voked Iho special nttention of all classes among the people, and certainly not lenst the i.ttuuion of those olas'cs which must be presumed to be tho mott intelligent and powirful. Tho mer- chants and tiadisnicn of this city, the holdcisof propei ty and men of cnlcrpriso mid actitity throughout the country, who arc constantly com- ing in contact willi this establishment, und who aro repca'edly bc'ug subjee ed lo the in ults i f its disorderly subordinates, and made sufferers from its gross miamnn igemont, huí o a keen indi- vidual inter, st in tho promotion of any gontlu man to its hoad. Will the appointment of Major Christio ratisfy them ? Ought th-y, in justicu to tleir own intelligence and the well being of the community at largo, to le ra'isficd nith such a miserable nlusc of public palloiiBge? Ex Supirhitendcntof Con \icts, l"x.Visiting M.igi«(iato to Cockatoo Ex Agent for Church ami Sthml E.tates, Hx So. crotary to School Bo o ds Ex.Sjrgonnt-at- Aims, Ex-Secretary of Uni Austialian Club, though ho be, wo strongly Hi-pcct tho Government will find tliat they have ovcishot the mark, most cgreginusly, by elevating Major Christio to the otficc of Postmas'ct' Gonor.d. Tho Colonists luve seen tliis gontleman in tho various offices which we have enumerated ¡"in all of them, he has manifested a loi o of peisonsl ease, and an ingenuity in securing ila cr.tifli!iition,,whicb. ululan ;.utiuy oí a güiiCioirfím w'fto tnu't. nec.fs cany an umbiella lo keep tho tun fiom h's brains, ate by no means qualities required at the Pi st OfTi 'e. Cool and quiet bininti ate there in toj gtcat abundance already. The new Postmaster Gone ni should bo a man lo stir them up a little It is wliis-pured that the Moj r Ima pcrfoimcd other official duties for the Club and the Government, which have never been mentioned in his quartet ly íe coipts ¡or his saliuioä ; that his optical aeuto nocs and military i kill in calculation wire, on one occasion, made serviceable in reducing Unce thousand men to six hundred, at a troublesome meeting of tho " Sydney mob." But this species of calculation is not lequired at the Post-Office. Accounting for penny and two-penny (tampa is'quilo another fort of thing; iho sotting of letteis is a po fonuanco alto- gether differing fiom the analysis of a " mob," -Empire. If-ST' Wo have been requested by Messrs Stubbs and Son to call particular attention to their sales by auction, this day. C3" Wo have leen nquestid by Messrs Sy- mons and Pt rry to draw attention to their ¡?ales hy auction, this day. gîP'We bava bien icqitcsted to cnll atten- tion to the extensive stile of propu.ty, which takes place at one o'clock to-day, at Fleming- ton, by ik'S>rs Francis mid Cohen ; also, at. llieir Rooms, at eleven o'eloc«, of itonmongery, .te. C-W Wo havo been rcquoEtcd by Mes-ra W M Tennent and Co to draw attention to lbs sale of the cargo of the Gold So~ ki r, on the Queen's Whntf, at ten o'clock j end the sale of drapery, at their now stoics, at cloven o'clock. 