ANTICIPATED RU'PTURE WITrl THE UNrIED STATES Oh A3IEiLCCA.-- IN TEIlitUPTION TO EMIGIIATION. [From the Weekly Times.] TnE floating reports wafted across thle Atlntic, relative to Cubas expeditions organisedl within thle territories of the United btates republic against the indepandeace of tile last valuable possession of Spai: in the Western world, have more signslleancd than appears on the face of the ox parte statema nts which have reached us. It is not the existence or non-existene oftho colour of a foreign ceuuntrv, which concerns this country most, but the permanence of our politi cld anlcommernciial relations with dependencies that have acknowle.lged our say for ulpwardsl of two centuries, and the grave interrNuptions that are threatened in our intercourse with that vast continent which, in the present day ppletrs to hold the balance between the commerce of the LEastern and Western world. In a physical sense it is not of so much importance whether a mo narchy or a republic possesses a geographical soereiguitv overthe island of Cuba ; but what would ho the effect of a transfer of possession to a power which uot only rivals us in our marn time traflic, bht puts f;rth extensive claims to be considered as our superior. However much the humba fraternity who prey upon the pockets and svnmpathy of John Bull may declisam, itis unquestionable that there is a mortal rivalry be tween this country and the United Satesof America, and this Cabts affair will very likely tend to bring one of its plhmes to somethiig like a settlement. hu a territorial point of view, the ucquisitict of this importoat island by our tfor midable opponeuts would be fraught wrth the utmosutdanger to the whole of our West Indian .....o.i sar not only would it give the United States an overwhelmtug superi'tCortiy aiu5 zL... whole group, but disor.ansse all those vital in terests which depend for their existence on the occnpation of the political soil by our Govern ment. Oar insurance complanies, the trustees of our canals and other public unndicrtakings, exe cutors under the wills of private individuals, and the whole host ofpersona who in one way or an other are entrusted with the investmene, of trust moties, ame all ,ore or less interested in the pre servation of these ancient colonies. And the principal pecuniary question involved in the matter is, whether it would be prudent to ri-k the safety of the e,.ormoas aseount of British capital tinus involved, by alloeing the existing territsrialoarangemients to be violenltly disturbed. We apprehend that no section of our vast army of politic?l economists would be prepared ior so gratuitous a sacrifice, so flagrant a concession to the rapacity of the most truculent federation of vagabondsand honest men that his hitherto, in a nationsaPcsruoity, apFpeared on the world'sstage. The genius of Britain, we truast, has not sunk so low as to tolerate such a wanton ciolationof na tional faith with a creditor quite as much en titled to ensideration as the holder of stock lin the publie ftuds. The guarmantee in both cases was the same; and, if it be voluntarily wibhdrawn in the one, its minttenauces in the other will not be of long duration. But i is in a political sense that the appropria tion of Cuba by the United States would operate most powearfully ag-aiust this contry. The mo meat ther acquired undisputed tyeseion of the island they a-ould iLtroduce their own social and commerei?i systems, and, as a fir.t instalment of their hostilty, rivet fctr the chains tiSt make us dependant on the soethern States tor the great bulk of the raw material oun s hich our cotton mranufaturers employ their epital, and hoc dreds of thousands ot ,ur populition their labour. In the hands ef such an agbres.ive power,British influence in the \West Indes world dwindle into hinsitnificance, and almsnut by what, in thtiresuit wonud appear to be a law of territorial gravity, become 7?-andl absorbed nod lost in its oyer rwhelminig supenontr . We seoued thus losean iportant msarket tor our nehanaiecal pru≠, and, in effect, not only make the supply of the material m.ro preearious, but allow thbs r.rstee. tive system of our tranislaitic neighbours a wider hiead for its pemcious opra;ious. Th ca.ntof the age refers the public mind to the gig-antic republicot Anglo-saxons over the water for the best developement of those institutions which are presumed by the peoplewhostyle themselves philoephers, to be identified with the permanent enfranchisement of the human race, but with a sitkensg want of candour, all reference to the hostility of thatrepublie to free trade is entirely overloiked. Its protectionist fallacies are ex tenuated, or., if dwelt upon at all, most charitably hidden under a bushel of nonsense about the rightsof man ; so that, if the power of this great trade rival of ours be quiescently allowed lobe angineted by the conquest of Cuba, we must,in return of ourpusilanimicyr, anticipate the impo sition of more imperious restrict.iutns of our com merce than those at lresent oppressively exist ing; and look forward, with criminal om plhecy, tothe period when the whole' of the Strade of the eastern seaboard of this vaunted states, together with that of the whole of our North American and Wrest lidian possessions as subsidiaries, will be under the exclnsive control of a set of men wedded toopinions diametricadly oplpsed lo those which the free trade in this country hare, for the moment--nd only for the moment-so successfully established. Nations crmnot preserve amicable terms with each other niless they recognise some reciprocal relations as binding between them, and as the United States have hitherto pieraiced in refusing to approach our concesions to public opinion at home by even a dispo-ition to meet us half way, we monst rationally conider them as having as sumed a position hastule to our vies, and ag. gressive upon our vast trading and commercil interests. With sieh s convhition staring us I the face, it would not only be suicidal but totally at variance with the policy by which we hatr hi therto been guided in our foreign relations, were we even tacitllh to submit to either the peiaceble or forcible anneration of so important a terri:ory as the island of CUla. The moral positon we have so grandi'quontly assumed with reference to the slave questoun, forhi:s the bare entertain ment of sich a supposition. Let the Yaskees, through the agency of the Brignind, whose pro eedings their legal authorities wink at, lbut oneo obtain a lirl footing in the iava~nnah, and fie well, for at least a century, toall progreest for tdie suppreusion of African laverv. Ak the rarings and preachinxgs of preten?sivo philanthrophy in Eng.and, would be just worth as mach as the epiuting of some British Ajaxr against thnsder, and the milliots of money expended, and the lives of the brave men suaeri?ied in the canoe, may be esteesmed as so many offeriags at the shbrine of the tormenting deirun of every righ teous undertaking-lumbnug. jt another enuse, too, this acquhaition would work us injury. Oar artifieial svstem is chiefly supported by the national faith of our physical prouwess and political superiority. Le; that thith once he violently weakened, aid farewell to our boasted greatness-flirewell to the reahty that Britannia roles the waves !-and welcome the loss of the prestige- welcome national decrepi tude, and every si0g nnd token of tremendous bankruptcy ! Bit we have each coalidenee in the strong will and determination of the British public tha?t we do not anticipoto even the ghost of sach a dire disaster; and we have dwelt upon the topia under cosbhdration in the eeriousi stirain we have introduced for the saole purlpse of direeting ateo tiol to the calamity that would ineviabh,y ensue slould the Uited Stlates republic persist min their aggressive designs upon the hIast vestie of the once magnlificent colonial empire of Spain. Thu?t Great Britain wonild not tamely sutumit to the osltreag is qIite evident. All the palaver of a hundred delusions called pwice societies would iot divert her from uofring the utmost resistatce to a oleliatioul that would hurglariously intrude upon ?smeof her most vit iiterests, Iand then there would urise an angry itterrusition to our fricndly coelintiln witih a people who hospli taltly reeite seer after year thoutes.ndeis ion thotisands of wact, owing to iilluitouos rrtnlrn -.. ;noeat, must he calledl our e;rplitis pllulalti. A rulltnre with the Ulitced States if Alti-eria r.lblll eItireliy plit a StOlp to Iitt-tth.i.is i,f tlle Crli ritiit fromi these shore, tnutl tIe IieilI cer it its thci io,,jred tilt oitiis thie giL- ijiioti suicha w(id field of conjecture that we mu~t fairly p.uSe, ned content ourselves withlhaving thrown outs h"int pon a qu:estion rhich, bhfbror manny ionths shall have elapsed, will have enlisted the ?anxious attention and solicitude of politicians, and monalists of every grade and shade of opinion. 