AND TASMANIAN: \- HOBART TOWN: APRIL 23, 1852. GREAT ANTI-TRANSPORTATION MEETING 1 ' AT SYDNEY. On Tuesday evening, in pursuance of notice given a public meeting of the members of the ' Australasian League took place in Malcolm's ' Circus, York- street, for the purpose of taking into consideration the lately expressed determination of Earl Grey to continue transportation to Van Diemen's Land. The Circus was filled with a highly intelligent and orderly assemblage of persons, who by the deep interest they evinced 6in the proceedings of the meeting, displayed their continued earnestness in the anti-transpor- tation cause. "CHARLES COWPER, Esq. M.L.C. the Pre 1 Vident of the League having taken the chair, proceeded to open the business of the Meeting, by reading the advertisement convening the meeting, as follows t- ' . ' a i..»r..risiAN LODE. A public meeting of the mem JÏKA»AA»'Sw South Wales, is ¡*Tw 7¿nvi?ñ¿a to be held at Malcolm's Circus, York-street, says STSV «¡o.00i day of April, to consider taxi rides to some transportation to Van Die ' °ïSCf did MiwóvioíbyWiutotlia Victoria delegate, Mr. în£/ïïdiJa£St2 3uw»»°«">ïfP16 flat Colony Sir of^rSmUnnea interest and sympathy. CHASE Swws, Resident of the League. a In addressing a few preliminary observations to them on this most important occasion, he might, in the first instance, pay, that by a happy coinci- dence of circumstances, that could not have been anticipated, their meeting together at this time had been peculiarly fortunate. By the morning's mail from Port Phillip they had received a most important document, being no less than the printed minute of the interview between Mr. King, the Melbourne delegate, and Earl Grey ; corrected and authenticated by that noble Lord himself. It was, therefore, in reference to the Minister of England, a declaration of his sentiments and intentions, under his own hand. In order to form a correct basis for the proceedings of the' evening, he would now call upon the Secretary of the League to read the minute. The minute of Mr. King was then read, many portions of Lord Grey's reply being responded to by the meeting with low but deep expressions of amazement and disgust. The CHAIRMAN then resumed. They would all agree with him that they were exceedingly fortunate in having this very interesting and important document before them, concerning as it did so nearly the objects for which they were assembled. It seemed, indeed, almost as if it had been sent to them by the special intervention of Providence for this paper had reached Van Diemen's Land by a ship which had made a remarkably quick passage, and thence been immediately despatched to Melbourne, and had arrived in Sydney only that very morning. Many members of the Council of the League had previously some doubt whether it would be right to cut the members of the League together in public meeting, until they were furnished with some more minute and authenticated particulars of Lord Grey's intention and conduct than had been furnished in the short and hasty letter of the London correspondent of the Council.. They were now furnished with these particulars',* and unfortunately they afforded but too much reason for the course the Council had taken. One of the principal reasons for calling them together onthisocca- sion was, that in the present extremity of the circumstances it had been resolved to hold a Conference of the League at Hobart Town, and he had made preparations to depart for that place in a few days. It was to enable him to convey to that almost despairing- that almost heart-broken colony -the assurance of the sympathy of the people of New South Wales in the despondency which now overshadowed them, that this meeting was called and he was sure they would now, with sincere hearts and ready voices, assert their determina- tion to assist their oppressed brother colonists, and to fight this battle with them. (Great cheer- ing ). He repeated, this battle of Transportation must be fought, and they must join in fighting it. (Cheers-) He was not a man who, under ordinary circumstances, liked the word fight; but even in its literal necessity, if they were compelled to fight against this unnatural and intolerable oppression, they would not shrink from their duty. (A loud and enthusiastic burst of cheering.) But although there was much and imminent danger before them although they had an arduous, perhaps a fierce struggle to go through, still they had much to encourage them in that struggle, and they could not afford now to sit down and indulge that depression and silent indignation which they must feel. They must remember, that their past efforts had not been without effect. Already the Order in Council making New South Wales a penal colony had been revoked. Their own peculiar grievances, so far as it directly affected them, was at an end. They must remember, too, that one of the main grounds relied on by Earl Grey and his supporters on this question, and one of the strongest arguments used in favour of his policy in Parliament, was that the colonists were not united on this question that differences of opinion prevailed amongst them. These differences were now fortunately at an end. The circumstances of the colony had changed during the last year, and now those who formerly were the strongest supporters of the transportation system, admitted that the time was come when a change in the policy of the English minister was absolutely necessary. (Cheers.) Another favourite circumstance was, that they were now supported in this movement by the English press. Until lately the press of England has been much against the colonists on this question. They were uninformed on the subject, and their ignorance led then to wrong conclusions. Now, however, they had been enlightened on the subject, and the leading newspapers and journals of Great Britain were nearly unanimous in protesting against the injustice of making these colonies the cesspools of the crime of the mother country. (Great cheering.) They ought also to derive much encouragement from the fact that a large body of the most influential men of Great Britain comprising many peers of the realm, and many distinguished Members of Parliament, had associated together for the purpose of promoting the interests and redressing the grievances of these colonies, and one of their principal aims was to rid the colonies of this clinging curse of transportation. With this respectable and influential body of men, the Council of the League was in constant and unreserved correspondence, and it was impossible that this unity of operation could go on long without having a powerful effect on the policy of the English Government They would arouse the English Parliament and the English people to a true sense of this question, and its bearing on Imperial as well as colonial interests. They would show that if convicts were to be sent to Van Diemen's Land, for the express purpose of afterwards dispersing themselves through these gold regions not only would grow oppression and in just cf be committed on the colonists, but the convicts themselves would be looked upon as a favoured class, and the result would be additional crime, and its consequent expense to the people of England. (Cheers ) Another source of congratulation and encourage- ment was to be found in the upright and consistent course adopted by the various local Legislatures. Some of these local Legislatures had met for the first time, but they had all, and that of Van Diemen's Land especially, done their duty nobly in this matter. They had declared with one voice they would not have convicts, that they would not batter their moral and social well being for any material advantages which might accrue from the detested system. If Lord Grey then were sincere, in asking the Legislative Assemblies of the colony to express their feelings, he must very soon know beyond all doubt that those solemn voices of the various communities have declared against him. If in the face of these de- clarations of these deliberate expressions of the opinion and determination of the colonists, Earl Grey would persevere in his unjust and iniquitous policy, they must resort to other means to free themselves from a tyranny so oppressive. He would yield to no man in love and loyalty to the Queen. But there was a loyalty superior to the loyalty to the sovereign, a loyalty to themselves to their own duties as Christians, and as men a loyalty to their wives and their children, and in the true spirit of this loyalty they were bound to resist to the death the curse of transportation. (Immense cheering.) He would not detain them longer, as many gentlemen had to address them. In a few days he should sail for Van Diemen's Land, and should be very happy to be the bearer of the sympathies and condolences to their noble hearted but suffering brother colonists in that island. (Cheers.) Jin. LAMB, M L.C., then came forward, and was received with loud cheering. The Council of the League had done him the honor to request him to move the first resolution that evening. and although when the request was conveyed to him he was at some distance from Sydney, he felt it his duty to put off all engagements, and to show his sense of the honor they had done him in elect- ing him their representative, by being at his post in the hour of need. (Cheers.) And although it was with some regret be heard that his honorable and learned colleague in the representation of the city declined joining them or their proceedings it was a satisfaction to him, and he was sure it would be to them, to see that the other member for the city was present, ready to redeem the pledges he made to his constituents. (Cheers ) Before proceeding with further remarks he would read the resolution which had been entrusted to him:- , , , ' That, so long? as Van Diemen's Land continues oppressed by transportation, all the other colonies of Australia are bound by sympathy and generosity, as well as impelled by self-interest, to aid in her deliverance from this clinging curse and this meeting solemnly pledges itself to unite value and assist the Tasmanian colonists in their efforts to Ob- tain Its entire abolition. After the speech of their worthy chairman, the President of the League, it was scarcely necessary for him to say anything to induce them to unite in sympathy with their fellow-colonists in Van Diemen's Land. The material, moral, and social interests of the two colonies were so knit together their happiness, or misery their prosperity or adversity were so indissolubly connected that they would indeed be forgetting their duty to themselves, their wives and their children, if they deserted their Vandemonian friends in this their time of need. (Cheers.) They had heard the letter of Mr. King road, and certa'nly.thnu^li he was not fond of using ugly names, there was sufficient in that document to warrant them speaking their minds in pretty plain terms, about Lord Grey. (Cheers.) There was in that despatch, or minute, ample evidence of the undisguised determination of the minister, to persevere in that iniquitous course of insult and injury to the colonists which he had been pursuing against petitions, and against remonstrance against pledged words and solemn promises, for so long a pe . riod. (Cheers.) Their honorable chairman had told them, that they wanted this despatch to justify their meeting together that night. But he must say, he did not coincide in that opinion. Although no doubt Mr King's minute justified all the suspicions which the most inveterate opponents of Lord Grey could have entertained of him, it only afforded a reiteration of the same course of injustice and calumny which had been pertinaciously followed by that nobleman It was not the first time that the Minister had insulted and injured the colonists. It was not the first time he had boldly asserted that the free and un- tainted immigrant population of the colonies was no better than the convict element, with which it was his earnest desire and single wish to inundate them, and he called on every immigrant and every son of an immigrant in these Australian colonies to repudiate this gross and insulting slander with the scorn it deserved. (Loud cheers and yells for Earl Grey.) This was the language the Minister had addressed to the Parliament of Great Britain, and it was to such calumnies alone that was to be attributed the apathy of that body in redressing their grievances. But the time was now come when these insidious misrepresenta- tions must be exposed. '1 through the unremitting exertions of the League and of their friends in England, the merits of this question were now being made apparent, and the press of Great Britain was for the first time ready to do justice to the claims of the colonists. The Legislature of Van Diemen's Land too had done its duty nobly. It had boldly expressed its opinion against the curse of transportation. In a noble and high minded spirit they had cast from them all the offers of public works of new roads and bridges, -they had put temptation out of the way by solemnly declaring they would have none of them, if such advantages were to be purchased by convict associations. (Cheers ). This indeed was a noble stand, and right glad was he that the meeting had been called to express its admiration of their friends in'V. D Land, and to assure them of j continued sympathy and assistance from this co- i lony. They had heard it said that in Van Die- I men's Land every representative of the people who was sent to the Legislative Council of that colony was pledged to oppose Transportation in every shape, and happy was he to add that every representative there had redeemed his pledge, and done his duty manfully and well. And he hoped that even here, although there might be lukewarmness on the part of some they would not fail in their duty-that following in the wake of Van Diemen's Land, they, too, would take a firm and resolute stand on this question. It was said by his hon and learned colleague in the council last session, in reference to other political grievances under which the colony suffered, that the time for petitioning was fast passing away Now he thought the time for petitioning on the Transportation question was fast passing away, and that it was necessary already that the colonists should speak out in a very different tone They had found prayers and supplications, petitions and remonstrances, unavailing, and they must now assert their right, and their determination to obtain that right. Among others, there was one fallacy in the remarks of Earl Grey to Mr. King, to which he would briefly advert. His Lordship stated, that nearly all the respectable inhabitants of the Moreton Bay district were anxious for the separation of that district from New South Wales, and for its erection into a penal colony. Now it singularly and somewhat unfortunately for his Lordship happened, that at the very time when he was hazarding this bold asser- tion, that wherever in the district of Moreton Bay a popular constituency existed, they proved the fallacy of Earl Grey's declaration of returning as their representatives pledged opponents to transportation. (Cheers.) I has occurred at Brisbane, at the Stanley boroughs, and the county of Stanley. But of what avail were popular manifestations of this nature to a Minister like Earl Grey; it was sufficient for him that some scion of a respectable house, whose interests were concerned, should get his ear and breathe into it those statements and opinions, which, however at variance with the facts, he had accustomed himself so often to repeat, that he almost believed they were true When the Legislative Council of this colony last met it was strongly expected and expressed that the discovery of the Gold Fields must put an end to this vexed question for ever. The warmest fr ends of the transportation system, under the altered circumstances of the colony, turned upon the policy of the Minister. But the Minister, with a dogged obstinacy that could not be moved, found in this very discovery of gold, a reason why he should send more convicts to Van Diemen's Land than heretofore The strange perversity of the Minister seemed to increase in proportion to the number of the obstacles which arose to the exercise of his head- strong and arbitrary will That such a man should have the control of these dependencies of the English Crown, was a most unfortunate circumstance. The case of these colonies was a deplorable and unhappy one. Much as they might wish-and none could wish more earnestly than he did to preserve their connexion with the Crown of Great Britain, a connexion he believed alike advantageous and dignified both to the colonies and the parent country, still under a policy like this, regardless of the feelings and interests of the people here, the hour of separation, bitter and angry separation, must sooner or later arrive. (Cheers, and cries of " the sooner the better.") No ; he could not say the sooner the better. Let England change her policy. Instead of harshness and oppression, lerner treat her colonies with kindness and justice, and then it would be better for all parties that Australia should still be allied to her. With these observations he begged to move the resolution The Venerable Archdeacon M'ENCROE'came forward to second the resolution and was received with a loud burst of cheering. He said, the resolution he had been requested to second, was one expressing the sympathy and condolence of the colonists of New South Wales, for their friends in Van Diemen's Land and he was sure they would most cordially adopt the resolution (Cheers ) Because if one member suffe.rs all the other members suffer with it, and it was the part and duty of the stronger to come to the aid of the weaker. (Cheers.) It was, however, indeed ' with a heavy heart that he found they were Called upon over and over again to discuss the same question that all their remonstrances were of no avail, that they had sent petition after petition in vain that they had expressed their will and their determination to Lord Grey day after day, and year after year; and yet they got no answer from the noble lord but this one, '. I'll have my own way!" (Groans.) He had always been of opinion that under constitutional government every grievance and every wrong ought to be set forth and sought to be redressed, through the legal organ of the people, their elected representatives, which had the effect of correcting undue popular excitement, and which was the safety-valve of public opinion. Now they had been working this safety-valve for a length of time, but hitherto without success. They had repeated the expression of their indignation until they were quite sick of repeating it i and as the Roman School- master said, constant repetition of the same les- son would wear the hardiest scholar. It was no use to talk, any more ; the question was, what were they to do ? Were they to stand still in des- pair ? Most assuredly not. The evil they complained of no longer affected them directly, but it came by indirect means in increased and in creasing force. The order in council had been repealed, but the under current from Van Die- men's Land was still going on. It was as a moralist that he came forward to agitate this question. During twenty years of his life he had exerted himself to advance the moral welfare, and ameliorate the social and political position of the unfortunate prisoner ; but it was impossible to do this if there was no cessation to the stream of crime, and the time had come when the evil must be put a stop to entirely, If they did not wish all their efforts to be lost, and all their philanthropy to be thrown away. It was as a moralist, he said, he came forward to take a part in this great question ; because it was in fact a moral question, and he was but too well acquainted with it in all its aspects and in all its bearings. He know it Us well as Lord Grey himself, if not a great deal better. But it was not only his own opinion that he stood forth to proclaim ; it was the opinion of the whole community, and it seldom happened that a whole community was wrong in what concerned their welfare Yet, notwithstanding they lmd_ all, as with one voice, protested again and again against the continuance of Transportation Lord Grey persisted in thinking otherwise, and in calling them all a set of fools. Why, how could he know so well as the colonists themselves what was for their good ? He defied him, he defied any man, to be wiser in such a question than a whole community, who judged by their own feelings, and saw with their own eyes, and were convinced by their own senses. All Lord Grey's philanthropy, and all his philosophy, and all his humbug could not alter their views nor shake their determination. (Loud cheers ). He came forward, therefore, as a peacemaker ; he came forward in the hope of averting that convulsion which must take place if this evil were continued. (Cheers.) It was impossible for any man to shut his eyes to the reality If this evil be continued, a frightful convulsion would inevitably can sue. (Renewed cheering ) But he looked upon the League as a safety valve whereby the explosion might be averted ; he believed the League was the best means, not only of issue ing their social and political happiness, but of maintaining their connexion with their mother country - (Hear, hear.) There was an old saying " Deliver me from my friends," which he thought was very applicable to the position of our Gracious Queen. He earnestly wished that gracious Lady could be delivered from some of her present advisers ; those advisers who were undermining the connexion between these colonies and Her Majesty's Crown. (Loud cheering.) Were it not for them, that connexion might h ippily subsist for a century to come, and the financial and Colonial Governments might pull together and work together for the good and glory both of the mother country and of the colonies. (Cheers ) They were told 'Transportation was an Imperial question, that it was an Imperial necessity. Very well 1 So it may be but could the Imperial Government find no other spot in all the creation to send their felons to but there be manful colonies? No, Lord Grey would have it so ; sic volt, silence, stat pro ratione volunteer Let him find some other place ; let him bargain with the Emperor of Russia for some appropriate spot on which to build gaols and reform criminals. (Loud cheers and laughter.) No doubt they ought, if possible, to serve their crying brethren; but let them serve themselves first-charity begins at home. (Cheers.) Again, he repeated, he came forward as a peacemaker in this business ; he came forward to prevent, if possible, the dreaded con- vision, and to disarm the dissatisfied and dis- affected who wished to kick up a row merely for the sake of a row. (Cheers.) And he believed that peace and prosperity would result from what they were doing now. That it was for the good of commerce, of England's commerce, that Transportation should be attended to. Where in the wide world could England find a finer market for her commerce than these Australian colonies ? And how could the two things good together? How could they, a free colony, consent to take England's goods with one hand, on condition of taking England's felons on the other ? Sooner would they take a hint from their friends across the Pacific. (Cheers) and cut the painter (tre- mendous cheering.) Where would Earl Grey find a market for his commerce, or a receptacle for his felons ? But he heartily wished it otherwise ; he yet hoped England and her colonies ' might go hand in hand j but if they were com- J pelled by mis-government to separate themselves ' from English 1, on England would rest the tremendous responsibility. (Cheers.) Let them ' once more implore of Her Majesty to dismiss her Ministers from her Council, and so maintain the connexion between these colonies and her Crown. If their rulers would seek to direct them instead of driving them, he was convinced that in no part of Her Majesty's wide dominion could be found farmer or more loyal hearts than in Australia. He trusted the Queen would yet see the truth, and say to Lord Grey, "My dear friend, Guy have been ruining me in the colonies, in God's name go and look after your own affairs. (Loud cheers.) Mr. C. KEMP said, that as a delegate from these colonies, wishing to impress on her Majesty's Ministers the fearful consequence likely to arise from the system of transportation to these colonies being persisted in could not me a more powerful argument than to draw his attention to the three speeches which they had just heard. (Hear, hear ) Here were three gentlemen of different pursuits, different turn of mind, and different kinds of education, all expressing their anxious fears that unless a change in her Majesty's councils take place, a serious collision would occur between the parent state and the colony. (Cheers) These gentlemen are well known to the colonists as peaceable citizens: they are not more factious demagogues, but express the real sentiments which they feel, and would not do so unless they felt themselves imperatively called upon. Every one knew that a more peaceable man than their worthy Chairman did not exist in the colony ; the gallant officer who moved the first resolution had in his early life fought for his king and country, and would doubtless do so again if called upon, while the seconder was by profession and education a preacher of peace and yet these three gentlemen saw the same result shadowed forth. (Hear.) Surely Lord Grey could not resist such an argument as this, unless he wished to goad the colonists into insurrection, in order that he might have a pretext for punishing them for the per- tinacity with they opposed his views. The resolution expressed sympathy with Van Diemen's Land; an expression of sympathy was easily proposed, but would they show that they felt it. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that one of the results of the conference to which their chairman was about to proceed would be the despatch of a, delegate to England ; this would be a source of considerable expense, and they could show their sympathy by subscribing the necessary funds. When their Chairman returned from Van Diemen's Land to report the proceedings of the conference, he thought they might call a meeting and petition the Legislature to pass a resolution that they would not, after this year, vote any moneys (cheers) until the transportation question is satisfactorily settled. This would be following the precedent set by Van Diemen's Land, and by giving a year's notice they would show they were not actuated by a desire to impede the Government, but by a determination to have the question settled. (Hear.) The Governor-General, when the Legislative Council voted against transportation, in 1850, wrote to the Secretary of State that in his opinion it was necessary for the peace and good government of the colony that transportation should cease, and the Order in Council be revoked. (Hear, hear.) Lord Grey nominally complied with this request, but in reality avoided it by his endeavours to separate Moreton Bay. When the probability of this course was alluded to in the Legislative Council, that most honest of public officers, the Attorney-General (cheers), repudiated the idea with scorn, as one so unworthy that it was impossible to conceive Lord Grey could be guilty of it but at the very time the Attorney-General was making this speech, the noble Lord was endeavouring to carry out the scheme which the Attorney- General said was impossible. He believed, however, that there was one of those technical objections which none but lawyers could enter into the spirit of that the petition of the inhabitants being necessary before the colony can be divided-law- yers he had heard declared this meant " all the inhabitants, so that one little boy holding out would prevent the colony, from being divided. This would render an appeal to Parlhmont necessary, and then the whole convict question would be opened, and thanks to the League, there are many friends of the colony in Parliament who thoroughly understand the whole matter. (Hear, hear.) Van Diemen's Land required their sympathy in many ways. When the sentiments of the colonists here were unequivocally expressed, Sir Charles Fitz Roy at once advised that the system should be discontinued His Excellency Sir William Denison, however, purcups a different course. It was but a few days since that the Legislative Council of Van Diemen's Land was prorogued ; he had not seen His Excellency's speech, but he was aware that in alluding to the measures of the session he had expressed his deep sorrow at the address against anti-transportation which had been agreed to. (Oh. oh ) | The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. I Mr. G K HOLDEN commenced by reading the following resolution : That this Meeting records the warm expression of its admiration and respect for the patriotic representative members of the Van Diemen's Land Legislature in the noble stand which they have taken on this important and vital question. Mr. G. K. golden then said, I have the more pleasure in submitting to you this motion, because I recognise In the recent proceedings of the Tasmanian Legislature, as well as in those of this colony, evidence of the rapid advance of this League in Us constitutional and hitherto peaceful struggle. And I will even venture to say (des- spite of the wicked provocation given by Earl Grey, to a branch of the peace), an earnest of our speedy | and bloodless triumph. The justice' of our cause; has been portrayed by means of the League in sunbeams, and by a sudden interven-, lion of Providence, it has been emblazoned in letters of gold. ' We have carried its light to every colonial hustings, and into every hall of colonial legislation. We are now conveying it through the British Press to the British people and Parliament and although the last place it may be the dark purlieus of Downing-street, the mole eycd/äolshazzar who rules there may yet see the ghost of this League writing before him on the wall " Many men Tckel upharsin."--Thy kingdom is departed ! Our present source of con- gratulation is, that we have obtained full possess sion of our colonial legislatures. The natural current of circumstances had previously carried into them many individuals, who, instead of truly representing the feelings of their fellow-colonists on this great question, had interests directly adverse. Some with views altogether official and imperial regarding the welfare of the colonists and their children as a mere drop in the Wide ocean of British policy. Others, hankering after the loaves and fishes of the convict system, and expectant of the lion's share of commissariat carried. To continue this state of things was Earl Grey's business to terminate it ours and for this end some organiza- tion of public opinion as is comprised in our Lea(ne had become necessary to render the elec- tive portion, at least, of the legislature, a just miner of the public mind on this vital question, aid to take care that no merits, no talents, no services on any other, should be purchased by one wrong vote on this. This great end has our League accomplished. in New South Wales the effect of the gold discovery was to place at our mercy Earl Grey's own parliamentary guns either to be thrown overboard or be used. against himself. It appears, however, that Earl Grey will only keep faith with the Council of New South Wales, on the condition of their breaking faith with their constituents 1 No sooner do they show themselves too honest as a body to remain his toys, than he opens a new treaty with India dual traitors. We may send the twelve Apostles if we please, to represent in Council. Let him only find member representing one Iscariot pro vines, and he hastens to offer the bribe of a sea rateGovernment for the express purpose of con- verging the whole continent through it into a con- vict A cold ama. But There is one feature in this case which gives it an air of ridicule, almost equal to that of its wickedness. Eager as Earl Grey has shown himself to act the role of the Chief Priest, it is quite possible he may present himself to be heated on the stage alone, and may jingle his thirty pieces of silver without finding any Judas to accept his bribe. At the very time when he is plotting in London to breakthrough statute law and public faith, in order to satisfy the supposed cravings of the ghouls of Moreton Bay for convicts rejected by New South Wales. Brisbane elects two opponents of transportation as it's representatives, thus proving that the principles of the League are paramount even in Moreton Bay. and that Earl Grey's policy cannot find support from any colonial constituency where the Christians are beginning to out-number the kangaroos. I need hardly say that in Victoria, in South Australia, and in New Zealand, the legislatures have all proved d faithful to, the object of our League. Nothing less could have been expected, even by Earl Grey himself. With Tasmania the case was otherwise. There is little doubt that up to the last moment, Earl Grey was imbued by his Tasmanian private advices, with the hope of a re-action against the League among Tasmanian farmers, in consequence of the drain of labour to the Australian gold mines, and securing thus a subtervientjmajority in the new legislature. This, no doubt, greatly influenced Earl Grey's confident bearing towards the Victoria delegates December last. For although Mr. King warns Earl Grey of the exported election of members of Council in Van' Diemen's Land opposed to transportation, he could not then have known it as a fact, and Ear Grey passes the subject by with this cool remark, "If the gold discoveries in New South Wales proved as extensive as we are led to expect, the people of Van Diemen's Land would soon discover the advantages which they possessed over the other Australian colonies, in having through their convict establishment an abundant supply of cheap labour '' It yet remains to be seen what will be the, effect, first, on Earl Grey himself; and, secondly, on the British nation and Parliament, of the very different views of the question expressed by the Van Diemen's Land Council, in the proceedings for which we now tender them our thanks. Let us see what these are. On the 17th January, Air. Sharland moved resolutions which were as follows-The then read the Resolutions passed by the Van Diemen's Land Legislative Council.] When these resolutions reach England, and with them the corresponding protests of all the Australian colonies, and when they shall be submitted to the British legislature, then, and not till then, may we consider the question between these colonies and the home government as fairly at issue. Until our appeal to the British nation and Parliament has absolutely failed, I for one will refuse to transfer the indignation which the loath some tyranny of Earl Grey has excited in my bosom, to the yet venerated name of England I Mr. NORTON rose to second the resolution which had just been moved. He said, whatever battle they might have to fight, whatever forces they might have to call up, there was one means which, if they employed, there was no reason to fear that they would not accomplish every object that Englishmen could desire. It was impossible to listen to what they had heard read and stated that night, without feeling convinced that Earl Grey, with all his desire to trample on them, with all his determination to disregard their petitions, and to persist in his own views, trembled before the Legislative Council. In deference to the decision of the Legislature, he had conceded the repeal of the order in Council and then he had recourse to a cowardly, underhand way of carrying out his determination. The Legislative Council was the people. (Cheers ) In rising to second this resolution, he was anxious to impress upon them all the duty which their country called upon them to perform. In sending to the Legislative Council gentlemen who would faithfully represent their desires and their wants, they had done well ; but it was impossible to conceal the fact that they must keep a watch over that Council still. It was not by one vote only or by one speech that their representatives could entitle themselves to the people's support for many of them were 1 uke warm, and only too ready to join with the Government Nominees, in swamping any measure which was for the public good (cheers) It was impossible to witness the conduct of some of their representatives in that Council without feeling that they had no business there (cheers). - They must keep a watch over them. The people were entitled to tell the Government of England what were their rights, and what they would insist upon and when they saw such conduct on the part of their representatives, it was their duty to express the indignant feelings which such conduct called forth, and to call upon those representatives at once to vacate the seats which they were dearly unworthy to hold (cheers). Among them however, were men who would not hear the voice of the people, but continued to hold their seats in spite of their constituents. Nevertheless let them fearlessly express their opinion and say what they felt. It had been well said by one of the previous speakers (Mr. Kemp, that it was the first duty of the Legislature to look after the public expenditure; but there were many who called themselves the friends of the people who yet never thought of controlling the government in that matter, and stopping the supplies. It was not only the annual estimates that called for revision ; there was the Land Fund, and there were the Schedules, which required to be controlled; and which ought to be, and could be controlled. He had no hesitation in declaring that if their representatives were unanimous, they could compel the Colonial Government to express their real wishes. Earl Grey trembled before the unanimous vote of the house ; but he would tremble a great deal more if he saw every member echo the same sentiments and demand the same rights. It was therefore their interest as well as their duty to keep a close watch over their representatives. He was grieved to have witnessed the return of some who were not at all entitled to the confidence of the people, and who would be far more happy and more consistent if they sat on the Government seats. One glorious example they had before them of a man who had once occupied a seat at the nomination of the Government, but who by his independent and manly conduct had deserved and received the approbation of the people. He alluded to his honorable and gallant friend, the member for the city (Mr. Lamb) (Loud cheers ). If they had been always represented by men of sterling worth like his, long ago they would have carried all that they wanted, long ago they would have risen into a nation, respected by England and esteemed by all the world, (Loud cheers.) They had before them an example which would show fully what were the feelings of the Colonial Office. He alluded to the Canadian colonies, where the questions at issue were not of such vital import , ance as that which they had met here to discuss. Yet they knew the result of the struggle of Canada to Canada everything had been conceded, which was a proof that in spite of all the evasions and all the sinuous policy of Colonial Ministers, they feared and trembled before representative institutions. (Cheers.) Under representative institutions the voice of the people would be ros pected, and must be heard. It was for this reason that he called upon them to act consistently in the choice of their representatives. The convict question was not the only important one they had to consider. There was the question of the land fund. At present, owing to the revenue derived from the gold licenses, the Government were enabled to multiply offices to a frightful extent, and fill them with men who were utterly unqualified to discharge the duties entrusted to them, and who served to strengthen the hands of the Government and to increase the number of their dependants and slaves. If the control of the land fund, and of the territorial revenues Were surrendered to those to whom they rightfully belonged, the Government would be anxious to listen to the voice of their representatives, instead of showing them constant and determined hostility. In Van Diemen's Land they had two noble examples before their eyes. There, the representatives of the people were placed in a position of far greater difficulty than were the representatives of New South Wales, yet they had nobly, and firmly, and consistently, maintained the rights which were committed to their hands. He hoped and sincerely trusted the example of Van Diemen's Land would be followed here and if it were, they could not fail to obtain, in a very short space of time, all that they sought. Their voice would be felt so strongly in the great council of the nation, that it would become impossible for any Minister longer to withhold their just rights and liberties. (Cheers ) Mr. W.R. PIDDINGTONsaid:-Itrequired no conjuror to see that this meeting viewed with disgust and irritation the obstinate perseverance in oppression and insult to these colonies displayed by that autocrat of the Colonial Office, Lord Grey. And it was only natural that this disgust and irritation should not only be felt, but be expressed. How had Lord Grey treated the petitions and remonstrances of the colonists? How had he treated the solemn and deliberate resolutions of their Legislative Council, on matters concerning which he had expressly asked for their opinion ? Every manifestation of the opinion of the colonists on this transportation question had been disregarded, and the conduct of the Minister in reference to it had been one long continuance of evasion and want of faith (cheers). It appeared almost incomprehensible that any man, any Minister, could have been suffered for so long to go on in the career which Lord Grey had pursued. It was wonderful not only that these colonies had so long submitted to his tyrannical thraldom, but that the Parliament and people of England should have silently witnessed the pledged word of the Minister of the Crown brought into contempt and disrepute. But what, he asked, were the words of this Minister? That convicts should not in any case be forced on colonies against the will of the people of those colonies. These were the words of the Premier of England, of Lord John Russell, in his famous speech on colonization, in which he indicated the policy which his government were prepared to adopt in reference to the colonies. These were the very words of that speech as reported in Hansard. How had the pledge been kept? or rather let them answer, how had the pledge been falsified The neighbouring colony of Van Diemen's Land had been deluged with criminals, although by petitions from the people of every class and grade by remonstrances even by the Nominee Legislature of that colony, they had over and over again protested against the reception of prisoners at all. And let them consider, too, the character and description of the prisoners they sent, and what they might expect from them. Under the modified criminal code of the mother country, comparatively very few offences were now punished by transportation ; it was only offences which would formerly have been visited by capital punishment that were now visited with transportation. The criminal law of England was now, perhaps, the most merciful of any country in the world, and it was only the most heinous offenders, men convicted of the most atrocious crimes, who were now sent out to the penal settlements. The convicts which were formerly sent | out were of an entirely different character, many of them were transported for trifling delinquent I ores, which would now be punished by a few week's imprisonment, or for political offences involving no moral turpitude and which would not now be punished at all. He was not speak ing at random on this subject, the criminal statistics of the mother-country proved his statements He found that out of 20,000 commitments which took place in the year, only 2500 prisoners were transported ; only 10 per cent, or so little more, of the whole crime of the mother-country was judged to be punishable by transportation. Let them pause and consider this fact. They know the terrible crimes which were of every- day occurrence in England and Ireland, but of all this crime, it was only that of the very worst of the very deepest dye, that was to be sent to these colonies. And let them also regard the statement another way, 'The Colonial Minister, and indeed every supporter of the convict system, used as their strongest argument the benefit which a supply of convict labour would confer. Now let them consider that all they had to offer in the way of supplying labour to these colonies, was 2500 convicts a year and would not this, he asked, be but as a drop in the ocean in proportion to their wants. This was the general argument used by their opponents, and yet this argument was like a pair of great folding gates, with a wicket in them. The wicket was to be left open to admit this paltry narrow stream of convict labour, while the gates were to be closed against that full tide of free untainted immigration, whom the rewards of honest industry would attend here. (Cheers.) It was a grateful task, to reflect on the conduct of the Van Diemen's Land people and Legislature on tbisqüostioi. They had not been contented with denouncing the theory of transportation, but they had asserted their determination at what must be to them a great sacrifice, to resist in practice and that next year, if the system were not discontinued, they would only vote one thirteenth part of the sum now required for police expenses, and only such other expenses as ought fairly 16 be required for the Government of an entirely free colony. It was certainly a very degrading reflection to think that the only thought of the Minister of England should be, in connection with these colonies, to give encourage, ment to convicts and police. Prisoners were sent here who had passed through all the various stages of crime-who had been trained in all the colleges of crime in the mother country, and then, like the notorious gang of Frimley burglars, were banished from Great Britain to renew among the offending convicts their depredations and their outrages. He could but express his hearty and sincere wish that the other Colonial Legislatures would follow the same course which had been pursued by that of Van Diemen's Land. They had a noble example set them. The representatives of the sister colonies had kept faith with their constituents honestly and consistently, and led on by their straightforward, upright native Speaker, had maintained their anti-convict principles against port or and influence, with un- shaken firmness. With such an example before them he looked forward with confident certainty to the result of this struggle. If constitutional means would not give them justice, they must demand it in another way ; but he felt that constitutional means would prevail must prevail, if used with the same spirit and determination as had been displayed by the inflexible patriots in the Tasmanian Council. The resolution was then put and passed unanimously. <> Mr. R CAMPBELL, M.L.C., then came forward to move the next resolution, and was received with repeated cheers. He thanked them for the kind reception they had given to him, it added to the deep feelings and emotions of his heart in undertaking the duty which had been cast upon him. After the many elegant speeches they had heard that evening, he did not feel called upon to detain them long, but it was his simple duty to bring before them a resolution which ought to claim their deep and earnest thought. They had in the previous resolution expressed their sympathy with the Colonists of Van Diemen's Land, and their admiration of the noble stand they had made against the oppression of Earl Grey. Now he asked them to affirm a further resolution assuring the Colonists of Van Diemen's Land of their assistance and support. The resolution was That the determination avowed by Earl Grey to the Victoria Delegate, Mr. King, on the 25th November last to persist in transportation to Van Diemen's Land, and to send , into Morton Bay from New South Wales, for penal purposes, in breach of his repeated promises demands the indignant reprobation of this meeting, and they bind benison cs by all they hold dear and sacred, to resist to the uttermost an oppression so desolating, hereby solemnly protesting, that the responsibility for all consequences will. remain with their oppressor. It was said that brevity was the soul of wit, and he heartily wished that he could describe in one brief sentence his feelings on this question. But he did not profess to have the gift of eloquence, but it might be his labours and his constancy to this good cause might speak at least for his earnestness and sincerity in it. (Cheers.) It was now time to show sympathy to their friends in Tasmania by actions rather than by words. Ac- tion now would tell more strongly than the bril , liant speeches. (Cheers ). He asked them now to pass this resolution, but he would rather that that they should not pass it if, by doing so, they did not mean something more than mere words. He trusted they were prepared, if called on, to enter into this contest, caused by the unworthy subterfuges of the unworthy servant of their beloved Sovereign, to do their duty as men and Britains, proud of the birthright and heritage of freedom which had been bequethed to them by their forefathers. If all these petitions, those memorials, these remonstrances, were to be dis- regarded, if the doors of justice and of national affection were to be closed against them, they must do what their own people had done before them, assert their rights, and maintain them against every hardship, every cruelty, even against death itself. If all the prayers of the Colonists were to be disregarded, j if every interest of these colonists was to be crushed by the tyrannical will of a Minister, let the people show to that Minister that they will not submit to such injustice and indignity. Let the colonists of Van Diemen's Land seize the very next floating pest house that arrived in their harbour, and turn its inmates back into the waters. " (Cheers) Ever since the year 1848, meetings had been held in all the colonies, at which resolutions were passed, and petition and momoriaU adopted, all declaring that the colonists would not submit to the pollution, Bodies of men not ordinarily acted upon by political affairs, had assumed the same position, and he assumed the same position, and he found in one of the petitions from the clergy. it was stated, that in addition to the moral evils arising from the system itself, its perpetuation here would lead to endless discord and for himself, he had no hesitation in saying that that this discord would end in rebellion. (Cheers.) Mr. FLOOD, M.L.C,, seconded the resolution. He felt highly honoured in having been called upon by the President and Council of the League to second this resolution, which had been so ably proposed by the honorable gentleman, the member for the City. But at this late hour, it was not his intention to inflict upon them a long speech. He would confine himself to a pledge that he would on all occasions, and by all means in his power, support the principles of the League. Something more would spring out of this, the greatest political instruction that had ever ex ' isted in New South Wales, and he thought that the thanks of generations yet unborn 2 w could be given to the public spirited managers of the League, for their patriotic conduct in this great and vital struggle (Cheers.) He would only allude to one class of the population in this colony, in reference to which he had a few short observations to make He meant the emancipists of this colony and their children. Far be it from him to say one word in disparagement of that a class of colonists ; be only wished he could see more of them members, of the League, for the League were in trutbfighting,their battles. Where if they to be perpetually reminded of those errors for which they had already paid the forfeit to their country ? (Cheers). Had they not suffered enough and had they not, since their emancipist . tion, redeemed their characters, and regained the " place in the society of their fellow-men which they had lost? And were they to be eternally subject to be taunted with things which had long passed always (Cheers.) Where was the emancipist , who would not sympathise with the cause of the League and join heart and soul in preventing " the renewal and perpetuation of such a state of things ? , (Cheers.) He tendered his cordial, though humble, approbation of the conduct of the ' representatives of the people in the sister colony. (Loud cheers.) Cr. i Mr. GILBERT WRIGHT supported this Resolution: They had been repulsed at the first -onBOt-but baffled not beaten-they must renew the attack It was often charging that won the battle li (Cheers.)- The assault must be length -i ened into a siege. (Hear, hear.,) Their rejected competitions must be reiterated and reinforced by J. - continual fresh supplies of more urgent and in V portunate diamonds t (Hear, hear.) And it would be with them, as with the Greeks before Viceroy; it was not Agamemnon, nor Ajax, nor Achilles- but the ten years' siege,' that won the ;,.citadels. (Cheers.) They had nothing to hope from the equity or honesty of Earl Grey. '-rXGroana.) That most mendacious minister ? s (groans and laughter had -; u Stepped up the Keen and passage to Itcmorse. i ii i i That no compunctious visitings of Nature ," J. Shake his fell purpose. i S(Hear, hear.) And they had little to expect from the clemency or justice of the Imperial \- Parliament. (Hear, hear.) For even though v> transportation were not, as it is the traditionary Tarporley of the empire. (Hear.) , Parliament is so , i overborne by compact interests, by combining parties, by conspiring classes by confederating .,':? oligarchical families and factions, and by other organized influences, (hear, hear) that the Wrongs of remote dependencies are but little in , understood and, still less cared for. (Hear, hear.) , - Let us not then pursue Our state of vassalage, but rather seek Our own good from ourselves 1 (Cheers ) To this end have the colonies of Australasia joined hands, never to part, until all that is needed to complete their liberties shall have been achieved. (Loud cheers.) When they had subdued the old dragon Transportation (hear, hear) they would be in a position to merit, as well as accomplish, if not the concession, the con- quest, of all their constitutional rights and liberties. (Cheers ) Their present combined hostilities would but discipline and train them to future victories 1 (Cheering) For there were other battles before them I (Hear, hear.) They must not only wrest from the Colonial Office tyranny the control to their Crown Lands, but they must wring from it all their other rights, administrative and legislative. (Cheers)' They must extinguish nomineeism. (Cheers,) All admire the masculine-and adore the feminine but who does not abhor the neuter gender? (Laughter and cheers.) Now nominees are neuters 1 (Laughter ) As glory, enamours, so does disgrace district. There is no anguish so abiding and tormenting as the sense of being dishonoured. (Hear.) A people must indeed be debased who could endure without grief and resentment to be down-trodden and trampled upon by Transportation. (Hear, hear ) To submit would be to approve themselves (to use the language of John Milton) " the lowermost, the most defected, the most underfoot of vassals (Immense cheering.) Mr. H. PARKES said After all the pain and toil of the protracted agitation of this question -after an agitation, conducted with the fullest enquiry and the deepest earnestness, which had stirred the country, to its very forehand after these communities having been polluted almost to a man, had declared with one voice against receiving English criminals as an evil which all believed was in the highest degree hurtful to their moral and social interests-a canker eating into their very soul still they were forced back to its consideration by the perverseness of one obstinate man, who happened to hold a seat in the british Government. He agreed with the previous speakers that the time for the deliberation and argument was past. (Cheers.) Why, they had deliberated over years-they had exhausted all argument. The matter now resolved itself into a simple question of natural right and they had only to consider how best to vindicate this-right. (Cheers ) No man not body of men could have a right to force upon a community a thing which they unanimously refused to receive, which they abhorred and believed would be ruinous to them. Argument and discussion had been of no Service to them ; their remonstrances and petitions had fallen upon deaf ears. They had done all in this way which men could do they could pursue this course no longer. (Cheers.) It was a singular and striking feature of this agitations that a very large amount of talent had been exhibited in it. The last debate in the Legislative Council, the year before last, was one so ably sustained that it would have done honour to the British House of Commons. Their petitions, from all parts of the country, had been able and argumentative documents; and such was their unanimity of sentiment, that, when the question was but under discussion, in this colony, the numbers were 36,000 against, and only 500 in favour! of the system. (Cheers,) But in the face of al) This notwithstanding their repeated protests and petitions-notwithstanding the intelligence which they had brought to bear in the discussion of this question, and their unanimity in the decision which they had arrived at, the tyrannical Minister persisted in thrusting upon them the evil which they were determined not to receive. Well, then, what was to be done As a free people, is men, they could not retreat from their position they could no longer go through the farce of remonstrating againstaninjusticowhich was pers covered in with an utter disregard to their wishes and their interests; they must do something else. (Loud cheers.) He would point to the successful resistance of the American colonists, and in the name of that meeting tell the British Government to profit by their example He had no treason to promulgate on the contrary, the man did not breathe, whose heart beat with a truer loyalty to the gracious and glorious lady who persisted over the destinies of the British empire, (Cheers,) but as was said by the Chairman, there was a higher loyalty than that to any earthly monarch-our loyalty to our own nature and to the all-whoJGod who had planned in us pure and holy sentiments, and warmed our being with the love of justice and truth. (Cheers.) To be false to this loyalty, would be to abuse ourselves before our Creator to deface the divine impress of humanity which had been printed on our hearts. (Cheers ) They must go right onward in their course 'there could be no mistake in the matter; or if j Earl Grey had indeed been deceived and misled, the last elections throughout the colonies would surely undeceive him. Even under a constitution, concocted by his own government, the people of Van Diemen's Land, had, in every instance elected anti-transportationists to their representative seats. In that unfortunate island, where the prison population were so alarming in numbers, and where, it could not be doubted, many of that class posessed the elective franchise, no representative favourable to the continuance of transportation had been chosen. It was fair to assume that many of the emancipist class in that island had recorded their votes on the side of the anti-transportation. How could it be otherwise ? How could men wish to continue to their children, the curse of their own lives ? What was it-this desire to get rid of the infamy and degradation of which they had been themselves victims-but the triumph of all that was good and virtuous and lofty and aspiring in the human breast? (Cheers.) The example of the Cape colonists was before them. The time was come when their only course was to follow that example and whenever a prison-ship should arrive in the Derwent, or in any other port, to resist at all hazards the landing of the men thus tyranically forced upon us. He most sincerely hoped they would not be driven to the catastrophe hinted at by their respected member, Mr. Campbell ; but whatever suffering might ensue at whatever sacrifices, they were now bound to stand by each other in the protection of their liberties, There were times when men had no right to look round for consequences; when they were bound by all that was dear and sacred to advance. He believed this was a time for such conduct. (Cheers.) 'When' he was asked by his colleagues in the Council of the League, to take part in the business of that meeting, he consented, because he considered he had no right to refuse any duty in the cause ; had they asked him to fight, his consent would have been as freely and as quietly given for the reasons he had stated. (Cheers.) But he had come to the meeting determined to put it to them whether the time had not arrived for the Van Diemen's Land colonists to resist the landing of the convicts. (Loud cheers ). He could see no other way to get rid of this cruel and desolating agitation, He therefore solemnly asked that meeting if they agreed with him that the time for this decisive action had arrived, with him to hold up their hands in the affirmative (Here the speaker held up his hand, and was responded to by the hands of nearly all in the body of the meeting ). This he accepted as a pledge of their honest and serious determination in the matter. In the name of that meeting he would request their respected delegate to convey to the colonists of Van Diemen's Land that the people of New South Wales were prepared to stand by them in resisting the debarkation of any further importa- tions of convicts on their shores. He would now most cordially move the resolution which had been entrusted to his bands : That the previous resolutions be embodied in an Address, and that such Address be presented by the President, in tho name of this Meeting to the Tasmanian Delegates at the Hobart Town Conference. Mr. G. A. LLOYD i He rejoiced to see himself surrounded by so large a portion of wealth, the intelligence, and the talent of the colony and indeed, the cause which brought them together was one which must find its way to every heart, and on which all honest minds must be unanimous. (Cheers.) It might be that there were one or two, individuals who did not agree with us ; but, at any rate, they proved that they were ashamed to meet us. (Great cheering.) The resolutions which had been passed had all been drawn up with great care; but the one which he was now seconding was the most sacred and most solemn of them all. By this resolution they bound themselves by all that they hold dear to resist to the uttermost the desolating curse of transportation. They bound themselves by the love they bore to their country, to the love they bore to their children, and to their sisters, to resist, by every means in their power, and to put a final end to the desolate ing curse of transportation Loud cheers.) But it was not so much for ourselves we were fighting, as for our sister Van Diemen's Land. Lord Grey had declared his purpose to continue the desolation under Which she was suffering and she cried out to us, come over and help me. And should they refuse to respond to her call ? He was sure that every heart and every voice would uttering. They would go over and help her and in helping her they would be eradicating the seeds of disease with which they were themselves threatened. Their cause was exciting the sympathies of a large number of the British people. The people of England were beginning to see that those colonies were no longer to be trifled with. They had suddenly risen into an importance which was never dreamt of before, and ultltou!>h in a few short years all those who were assembled here to-night should have passed away from the world | and live in their graves, get their children would live to see this country a wonderful and mighty empire, the glory and marvel of the earth. (In mense cheering ) They were not without the sympathies of friends in England. He held in his hand a letter from a wealthy merchant in Hobart Town, announcing that one of the friends of the cause in England had placed the sum of £100 in his hands as a contribution to the League Fund. (Cheers ) The name of that friend of our cause was Robert Brooks. He was one of the most eminent merchants of London, a man of wealth and extended influence, and there could be no doubt that in securing his sympathy and support they had secured those of hundreds and hundreds of others. (Loud cheers The President was about to visit the sister colony, and it was the object of the Council of the League in calling them together to-night, to enable him to carry to Hobart Town such an expression of the opinion of this colony as could not be misunderstood. (Cheers.) He wished some of the colonists of Van Diemen's Land W(TO present to witness the earnestness and unanimity which characterised this meeting and he only hoped the President would be enabled to carry away with him some portion of the worth and ardour of their feelings. At all events he would be enabled to assure Van Diemen's Land that so long as a single line of her chain remained unbroken, no energies and no sympathies the part of New South Wales shall be wanting to destroy it. (Loud cheers.) Mr. COWPER, in declaring the resolution to be carried, would say that his arrangements were made to go down to Hobart Town, and he re- joiced that he should now be enabled to tell their noble-hearted friends there, that in all sincerity and all truth the hearts of the people of New South Wales were with them in determining to remove What was properly called in the resolutions " clinging curse'' of the Australian colonies. Mr. JOSEPH SIMMONS having moved that Mr. Cowper do leave the chair, and that it be taken by Mr. Lamb, proposed, in a highly complimentary speech, that the meeting should acknowledge in three cheers as warmly given as if they could be heard in Tasmania-the services of their respected friend Mr. Cowper in the chair that evening, and for his untiring efforts in the cause. The cheers were given with much enthusiasm, and Mr. Cowper having expressed his gratitude, the meeting dispersed S. M. Herald, April 8. 