THE " CHURCH CHRONICLE." WE have quite accidentally stumbled over the firstnumber of the above paper —and purpose to notice it a little, not to cavil of treat it lightly, but in a true Christian spirit. Its veiy beginning, viz., "Notes," 1, 2, 3, and 4, are not entirely consistent with our knowledge of Theology; we shall, therefore, briefly state our objections, leaving our readers to decide. 1st. As to Circumcision,— It is Undoubtedly erroneous to say, that the fonnality of baptism is the instituted means of admission into Christ's Church —when He Himself said to this effect, " circumcise your desires, and not your bodies." The Jewish form was only emblematical of the reality, as introduced by Christ when, 30 years of age. he adopted the reality. The second paragraph on this subject that followsis equally erroneous as the first—the 2nd Is equal to *J»e 1st. The 3rd, as to Manifestation,—the true manifestation was at the reality, as we said before, of baptism; Jlhe dove was the Holy Ghost (the first); the father (the second) said —'" this is (the third) My Son, iu whom I am well pleased." The other circinnitances adduced have no application to the subject. The quotations from M'lieatley, &c.; The "Common Prayer" is 110 authority at all, because the premises, as well as conclusions, are, according to preceding remarks, objectionable. 4th, The Conversion of St. Paul,—His based on erroneous and absurd principles, Paul as well as Apollos, was nobody, it was Christ the Righteous who effected all; and appointed Paul as an agent, best calculated,under the circumstances, to effect most good. Some of the quotations, though mighty pious, are open to objections with us; but as not, in any way, originating with the Clironiclc folks, we will say uothing respecting them. We wish to cut a long story short, and will, therefore, only remark on the imperfect, apparently intentionally obscure, information imparted touching the " Bepcrt" on the Ripen Funds,— which said obscurities lead us to -think it is a complete jobbery- We, lastly, come to the adulation paid to Bishop Nixon, by repeatedly using LOUD;— who is Lord but God ? Even Christ said, when they called him COOD,—" calt me not good, but HE that is in Heaven." We were nearly overlooking one of the subjects we intended to notice, viz., " SYWODISM," — whereby it is to be understood Bishops are to form convocations. Was PAUL a Bishop? Was CuniST a Bishop? No; Godliness could exist in the hearts of the lay members as well as the Bishops. Christ chose not the holy LEVITCS to preach his Ministry!!!—but poor lay members who were fishermen. • 