THE TRENCH "MILITARY FESTIVAL, . : (Fr'Ó7n the llliMraied News,-May 15.) !' The populace of every country is foin of a show.; but moro than any. other po pulace, -anil more than any other show spectacle, or celebration whatsoever, tin French love au assemblage ef troops Ct The pride, pomp, and circumstance" o mimic war arothoir delight. From his-verj earliest boyhood the French man is a soldier As an infant he wears a lillipution uni form. Ho sports the shako, tho belt, anc the sword when he is scarcely able'to run when at school bc wears a military cap, am is subjected to military discipline; when hi¡ beard and moustache are nascent! if no visible, his mentahpabulum is of tho but ties of Napoleon, and of tho deeds of th« plcbiau heroes who : became marshals o France, or-of tho sons of innkeepers wh< founded dynasties or swayed tho dcstiniei of tho world. When a full-grown man ho is. as much, if not better, acqúaiutec with the talk and tho manners pf tho bar rack and of the guard-.room,.than witl those of tho shop and thc counting-house In Paris or in-tho provinces, in high Hfi or. in low lifo, it is the same. Tho wan of Napoleon have demoralised the dharac ter of the nation; Tho miserable pcasan proprietor glows at the recollection of tin deeds of tho " little corporal," and tl» " capote grise;" and tho man of tho town who.ought to bo attending to his business instead of leaving it to thc almost .exclu- sive caro and control of his wife,,smoke.' and plays at dominoes and billiards antony soldiers and National Guards when ho i¡ idle, and mounts guard himself when nc other, business moro pressing calls him from his semi-military haunts and his ex- travagant waste of time. This military mania of the French, tt our thinking, has met ; its duo and fitting reward. Sindbad. has got his maBter. Tho French are saddled, and bridled, and ridden by, the most rigid, cold-blooded, and unrelenting military, despotism that ever afflicted that or any. other nation. The least that thc despot can do is to give his people aii occasional show of the kind that'they esteem and applaud most highly. Nothing «oould more. admirably answer, his purposes. Their, vanity, their Joye of dis- play, and their appreciation of the pictu- resque . and tho/¡tlioalrical/aro alike flat- tered by it. , Tho >:dilettanti of all ranks and conditions^'alt ages and Boxes, approve of such scenesi'.n^'jnuch as they would of a now graiwl aiQpcva' ^ of Meyerbeer, and for about the .Bamo.ireaBons. Tho waving of banners, thc'firiug of cannon, the steady inarch of thti'.plumcd array,-the prancing and wheeling'-.of[Sqiiadrons, tho glittering of lauces,|a)uL bayonets, and swords, and tho sound ; pf:, military music, aro 'Circum- stances that: oven ? singly Jiave a powerful effect upon imaginations moro torpid than those-of tifo, modern Gauls-; biit.whon all these circumstances uro .-combined, and when the enthusiasm of the. dominant arid militnry class is excited to -the Jiighest pitch, thc frenzy sprouds from tho soldiery to thc crowd. Under such a contagion of enthusiasm the French would applaud tho founder and cause of tito spectacle were ho ton timos more ferocious than a Nero, or fifty, times moro depraved than a Helioga balus. Louis Nnpuleon knows thc.military mania of his nation. It is an element of which ho has duly calculated tho powers and tho , capabilities, and without which ho could not govern tho State, or even re- tail) his position fur a day. . Ho has made tho most of it ; and-, ns a mau of tho world, it will bo generally admitted that, ho has not acted without reason. Fow people will bo surprised, that tho great military festival of. Monday last was planned, or that it was witnessed with such delighted approbation. I*'bas had no such result as thc proclamation ofvthe Empire by the .soldiery-rwhich was cor-;, tainly possible, and perhaps desired--it has, at least,1 had tho effect of gratifying a national tasto, nnd of proving thnt tho grim power which cali afford to consign all tho real fighting, chiefs of .tho army to exile mid to disgrace, has not yet reached ita culmination.,' Every Govornnicnt ia that country, whatever its origin or its pretensions must nd minister to thc po- pular taste for show, or .incur tho .risk of falling into disrepute. Unhappily for .King Louis Phillippe and tho fortunes of tlio House ol' Orleans, his grandost display ; was tho funeral and npothesis pf tho bones of a man that-might'far better have boon loft in '^hoir, first 'Vealing^ placó1 in St. Helena ;' but ovoii that misjudged celebra- tion answered its purpose, for a timo. Groat was 4.I10 show, great.was tho moral, and croat was the apparent and temporary profit. Tho festivals of M, Lcdru-ltoilin were botter, planned, and moro successful but tho moro rocout display .of Louis Na- poleon has been better-than nil, and wo know of no reason why Europo should bo particularly dissatisfied at it. If tho French . prefer a fierce and foul bird, bf prey for their national ouiblom, instead of tho .moro harmless: and: domestic,, nlthougli vainglorious/ cockj'iin which ^uisfPhiU lippe delighted^ letf them'JÍave",it, .There, is none to say tliemnay j^and as they have got their eagle in due form,- and with the ceremonies llnit their hearts desire, we'wish thom joy oF it. The bird of plunder'is ouco again emblazoned on the banners and: on the buttons of a country that knows not how to bo peaceable, and that, in spite of tho warnings bf ages, and the miseries of her people, bent under -the load of fiscal and social miseries, produced by her by gono wars with Europe, aspiros/in an age of science, trade, and manufactures, to imi- tate the savage glories of the Roman Empire, and to lord it over the world. As long as they keep their emblem to them- selves, the wiser world on ibis-side bf the Straits of Dover will make them heartily welcome to-it. Yet Louis Napoleon, while apparently desirous that foreign nations should not think the real imporiabeagle more formid- able »than the sham and ¡tame bird which years ago ho carried in the steamboat from London to Boulogne, ds compelled by the dramatic necessities of Iris position,to dilate upon the -subject of '-tho wars and tho" glory" which alone give the emblem its significance. ' The prayers of an Arch- bishop, tilie ''. Hymn to the Creator," the solemn '? Mass-'of the .Holy Ghost," the sprinkling of the flags with holy water, though Badly-in .dia-accordanco with Eng- lish common ^spnse, and with our philo- sophical notions of true religion, are quite in unison' with French ideas. Their god is the'god of armies. The " glory " of France is the subjugation of the''wórlil ; and " war" in the modem French idiom, means conquest, not legitimate self-defence. Nations^ like annies," said the President, entertain a religious veneration for those emblems of military honour which sum up ; in themselves a past of trials and misfor- j tunes ;" and, as far ns the world is enabled ! to judge, the spectators'approved of, the religious, quite as much ns of the military, part of the spectacle; arid approved the , theology equally with tho strategy dis ; played on the Champ do Mars. Indeed, : tho Archbishqp, who officiated on the oc- casion, might fill .tho office of a priest in the temple of Mara with far more propriety than tho, moro holy 'and ^Christian office, .which-, ho assumed, but did not merit, when he so solemnly blessed the eagles-" those Roman eagles which," to quote tho words of tho President, tl were adopted by the; Emperor Napoleon at the commencement of the present century as the most striking signification of the. regeneration and gran- deur of France." , No douBt'Frahco claims to be a Christian!, country, and is so to. some extent ; but..,XiouisrrNapoleon's address to his army, and tho religious feeling expressed by himV 'expbuh'ded 'by' the Archbishop^ and'ifcspon'déd'/^o'by:"ihe^ soldiery, if not by tho .'spectators, "is as, Pagan in spirit as if" it,had, hnppoued ; in .Greece- or in Ronie ; tlireo' centuries beforp tho Christian oral""-' U'V ? '" ' Nevertheless it appears from all accounts to have been a fine operatic spectacle. We recommend it for, tho.'iniitation of Mr. Ltirriloy ;' and if Mdlle. Wagner, wise with: the wisdom learned in ^tho Court of Chancory, would but sitig' ina similar piece upon th« stage," it, might bo' made a grand coup for her Majesty's br for any other theatre. - . 