OUR SCHOOL. (From Dickens's "Household Words") :.Qur. school was rather famous for mysterious pupils. There was another—a heavy young man, with a large double-cased ^silver watch, and a fat knife, the handleof which was a perfect tool-box— who unaccountably appeared one day at -a special desk of his own, erected close to that of the chief^ with whom he held familiar converse: ; He lived in the "parlour, and went out" for walks, and never took the least notice of us—even of na, the first boy— unless to give us a depreciatory kick, or grimly to take our hat off and thro w if away, When he encoun tered us out "of doors; which unpleasant ceremony he always performed as he passed—not «ven. conde scending to stop for the purpose. Some of 11s believed that the classical attainments of the phenomenon were, terrific, hut that his penmanship and arithmetic were defective, and he had come there to mend them: others, that he was going to set up a school, and had paid the chief "twenty-five pound down," for leave to see our school at work. The gloomier spirits even said that he was going to buy . us ; against which contingency, conspiracies were set on foot for a general defection:and running away. However, he never did that., After staying for a quarter, during which period, though closely observed, he was never seen to dp. anything but make pens put of quills, write small-hand in a secret portfolio, and punch the point of the sharpest blade in his knife into his desk, all over it; he too disappeared, and his place knew him no more. There was another boy, a fair, meek boy, with a delicate complexion and rich curling hair, 1\. - d* 3 _ i .v - - ° wiiu, we louiiLi out, or tnougnt we found out (we have no idea now, and probably had none then, on what grounds, but it was confidentially revealed from mouth to mouth), was the son of a viscount who had deserted his lovely mother- It was understood that,, if he had his rights, he would be worth twenty thou sand a year. And that, if his mother ever met his father, she would shoot him with a silver pistol which she carried, always loaded to the muzzle, for that purpose.. He was a very suggestive topic. So was a-young Mulatto, who was always believed (though very amiable) to have a dagger about liim some where! But, we think they , were both outshone, upon the whole, by another boy who claimed to have been born on the 29th of February, and to have only one, birth-day in five years. We suspect this to have beena fiction—but he lived upon it all the time he was at Our School. The principal currency of Our School whs slate pencil. It had Some inexplicable value, that was never ascertained, never reduced to | a standard. To have a great hoard of it was somehow1 to he,rich. We used to bestow it in charity, and confer itasa precious boon upon our chosen friends. When the holidays were coining, contributions Were solicited for certain boys whose relatives were in Indie,, .and who were .appealed for under the generic' name of " Holiday- stoppers,"—appropriate marks of remembrance that should enliven and cheer them in 'theii^ homeless state. Personally, we always Jcon ti^ded these tokep8 of. sympathy, in the form of slate-pepbil, and always hilt that it would be a.com fyrt aad^i&eawu;^^ *<■■■ ^ The usher at Our School who was considered to know eveiything as opposed to the chief who .was considered to know nothing, was a bony, gentle-faced, clerical-looking young man in nisty black. It was whispered that he was sweet upon one of Maxby's sisters (Maxby lived close by, and was a day pupil), and further thai he "favoured Maxby." As we„re member,he taught Italian to Maxby's sisters on half holidays. He once went to the play with them, and wore a white waistcoat and a rose: which was Con sidered among us equivalent to a declaration. ' We were of opinion on that occasion that to the last moment he expected Maxby's father to ask him to dinner at five o'clock, and therefore neglected 'his own dinner at half-past one, and finally got none. We exaggerated in our imaginations the extent to which he punished Maxby's father's cold meat at supper; and we agreed to believe that he was elevated with wine and water when he came home. But, we all liked'him ; for he had a good knowledge of boys, and would have made it a much better school if be had had more power. He was writing-master, ma thematical master, English master, made out-the bills, mended the pens, and did all sorts of things. He divided the little boys with the Latin master (they were smuggled through their rudimentary books at odd times when there was nothing else to do), and he always-called at parents' houses to inquire after sick boys, because he had gentlemanly manners. He was rather musical, and on some remote quarter day had bought an old trombone; but a bit of it was lost, and it made the most extraordinary sounds when he sometimes tried to play it of an evening. His holidays never began (on account of the bills) until long afterours; hut, in the summer vacations, he used to fake pedestrian excursions with a knapsack; and at Christmas time he went to see his father at Chipping Norton, who we all said (on no authority) was a dairy-fed-pork butcher. Poor fellow! He was very low all day on Maxby's sister's wedding day, and afterwards was brought to favour Maxby more than ever, though he had been expected to spite him. He has been dead these twenty years. Poor fellow! Our remembrance. of Our School presents the Latin master as a colourless doubled-up near sighted man with a crutch, who was always cold, and always putting onions into his ears for deafiiess, and always disclosing ends of flannel under all his gar ments, and almost always applying a ball of pocket handkerchief to some part of lim face with a screwing action round and round. He was a very good scholar; and took great pains where he saw intelligence and a desire to.learn; otherwise, perhaps not. Our me mory presents him (unless teased into a passion) with as little energy as colour—as having been worried and tormented into monotonous feebleness—as having had the best part of his life ground out of him in a mill of boys. We remember with terror how he fell asleep! one sultry afternoon with the little smuggled class before him, and awoke not, when the footstep of the chief fell heavy on the floor; how the chief aroused him, in the midst of a dread silence, and said, " Mr. Blinlrins, are you ill, sir?" how he blushingly replied, "Sir, rather so;" how the chief retorted with severity, "Mr. Blinkins, this is no place tobe illin" (which was very, very true), and walked back, solemn as -the ghost in IJamlet, until, catching a wandering eye, he Caned that boy for inattention, and happily expressed his feelings towards the Latin master through the medium of a substitute. There was a fat little dancing-master who used to come in a gig, and taught the 'more advanced among us hornpipes (as an accomplishment in great social demand in after-life); and there was a brisk little French master who used to come in the sunniest weather, with a handjpless umbrella, and to whom the chief was also polite, because (as we believed) if the chief offended him,1 lie would instantly address the chief in French, and for ever confound him before the boys with his inability to understand or reply. A . Wild Man; of the Woods.—The tMemphis Enquirer gives an account of a wild man recently discovered tin Arkansas. While out hunting with, an acquaintance, hey observed a drove of cattle in: a state of apparant alarm, evidently pursued by some dreaded enemy. Halting for the purpose; they soon discovered, as the cattle fled by them, that they were followed by an animal bearing the unmis takable likeness of humanity. He was of gigantic stature, the body being covered with hair, and the head with long locks that fairly enveloped his neck and shoulders. The wild man,' after looking at them deliberately for a: short time, turned and ran away with- great speed, leaping from 12'to 14 feetrat a time. His footprints measured IS inches each/';? This singular creature, the Enquirer says, has long beem known, traditionally, in St. Francis, Greene, and Poinsett counties; -Arkansas sportsmen and hunters having described him seventeen years since. A planter, indeed, saw him yeiy recently, bat withheld his information lest he shouldnot be credited, until the account of Mr. Hamilton and bis friend placed the existence; of the animal beyond1 CaviL 'A great dOal of interest is felt in the matter by the - inhabitants ofv that region, and various conjectures have been ventured in;regard to him. The most generally enter tained idea appears to he, that he was a survivor of the eartbquake disaster which oceured in-1811. Thrown helpless upon the.-wilderness by that disaster, it is probable that he grew up in his savage state;until he now bears ouly the o ntward-Fesembanee of humanity. Se well authenticated have now become the accounts of this creature; that an expedition is orgahizing in Memphis, by Colonel David C. Cross and D. Sullivan, to scout for him.—New York Express. Conical Plodr Mill Company.—A prospectus of a Company about to he formed for the piupose of introduce ing a mode of grinding corn has been in .circulation for some days hast. At &e; present period, when the milling interest begins to feel the pressure of the competition. of the French pullers, any addition to their means of successful competition must be of importance. It appears , that by the adoption of a new form of stones-^—which, by the way, gives the name to the company, viz., the Conical Flour Mill Com pany—a great economy in the manufacture of flour can' he obtained, whichis'stated tohe equal to 100 per cent.; that flour .Is produced of a better quality, in consequence of the meal leaving thehtones in a perfectly cool state; and that from three to Four four- pound loaves more may-be made from a saca of the flour produced by the new mode of grinding than of any other description of flour. Such are the advan tages which it is alleged in the prospectus of the company wogld issue from the adoption of the conical mill, and if the experimental results should be confirmed by a more exten sive Adoption of the system, it will doubtless effect a revolu tion in the milling trade. The fact, however, that a very jlarge capital is invested in mills of the old construction renders it unlikely that it will be at once taken up by the present race of millers; but it is clearly their interest to exa ■ 'mine into the subject, and, if found to possess a tithe of the advantages alleged in the prospectus, there can be little doubt hut that the conical mill will speedily supplant the cumbrous machinery at present in use.—Bell's Weekly ; Explosion at Forty Miles' Range.—Experi ments connected with the hew discovery of exploding gun powder by the electric Spark, conveyed a considerable distance under water by means of a copper wire covered with a coating of gutta perclia, have been tried at the gatta percha worksi. In every instance the ignition and explosion of the gunpowder contained in several gatta percha cases of the size of a large egg was instantaneous, on a wire from'the electric battery being placed in contact with the insulated wire; sunk in the canal in coils of an en tire length of-40'milesi Captain Addison, of the Bombay Army, strongly recommends the adoption of this discovery to the prevention of accidents in coal mines; wire covered with gutta percha:should he placed in the chambers of the mines, or where the fire-damp is supposed to exist, and by its means explode a small quantity of gunpowder every morning before'the men go down to work; this wouH ig nite the fire-damp,' and render the working in the mines perfectly safe during the day. Wit.^—There is no more interesting spectacle than to. see the effects of wit upon the different characters of men— than to observe it expanding caution, relaxing dignity, unfreezing coldness, teaching age, and care, and pain, to smile—extorting re luctant gleams of pleasure from melancholy, and charming even the pangs of grief. It is pleasant to observe how it penetrates through the coldness and awkwardness of society, gradually bringing men nearer together, and, like the combined force of wine and oil, giving erery man a glad heart and shining countenance. Genuine and inno- j cent wit, like this, is sorely the flavour of the mind! ; Man could direct his own ways.by plain reason, and support his life by tasteless food; but God hat-given us wit, aud flavour, and brightness, and laughter, and perfumes,' to enlive the days of marfs pilgrimage, and to " charm his pained steps over the burning marl."- Sydney Smith. American Wit.—A - windy orator in the Ne# York Legislature, after a-lengthy effort, stopped for a drink of water. " I rise," said Blqss, " to a point of order." Every body stared, wondering what the point of order wasl " What is it?"- asked the speaker. "Ithink, sir," said Bloss, "it is out of order for a windmill to go by water !" '*'• * 