TO' THE LORD, B?1HOPi !OF:TASMANIA. (Per favor if the Laundeston Exaininser) \- ECCLIESiASTICAL,f " " 'Mvr L'RDnnyi- ''It remainsi to ceomplete thel argement"from' testimoyy, ;in favor of ilie'dty1 Imposed upon every Christian' pleison, to ary all religiolis-creeds, articles, aiid confessln?•, by .is own plrayetful'ipprehensiofi O'wswiat 'is the sense) of Holy Writ tlierenjin,=-it rem?lins, I say, :to cotllete rthis argisment fromi testiiiony, thiti a fiew dlines'from tie crowd iof witnesses athnnhi should be cited to re- assertthlis truthl I Archblsliop San'dys, a contemliornry:of the re-I formers, anid nhoI died; towrds' the close of tse; il0th cenitiy, thutsipeaks,--" Tie fonnd ation o rf ?ir religion 'is the written i ord, thea uildoubted. record; of the Holy Ghost At this: the adverse iarity doth gireatly` storni: they, cannot abide: to have' controversies judged onily by the' scriptures." (Serm. I, ed. Parker);.- Arcdlbishop Parker has this apposite passage,-" Only search witl.a humble spirit, knock with perpetail perseverance, and cry to the comforter, and siurely, to every such asker it shall be givels. Such searchers must needs find. Christ himself williopen the sense if scrip ture-not to the prodid, nor to the wise,-h-bt to the lowly and contrite." Bishop Jeremy Taylor (see his Liberty of Prophecying, p. 24.) declares that " In the Holy Scrijpttre "all that ias necessary. is plain. If a man retain honesty and simplicity 'he iannot erir in a matter of iecessity.. God lathl ,seiured all Isonest and careful persons from that." Thle eminenlt U'ser, some time Atschbisliop of Atrmangh, has thls powerfil and conclusive passage (see hIis" Historia Dogmatica").: "The books of Holy Scriptuere asreeo sufgicient for the knowledge of the Christian religion, that they do most plen. tifully contain all doctrine necessary.to salvation. Whence it followeth that we need no unwritten verities; no traditions, or inventions of men,.no canoss of couinells, no sentences of fathers to ,snp ply anly supposed defect of the iwritten -Word. Filnally, these Holy Scriptures are' ihe rule and the line,. the square and the light, whereby to try and to examine all judgments' and- sayings.of men and angelsP. And equally to the poitit, in atfother place (Body of Divinity, p. 194),-" The popish doctorsr: persuade the many to rest in a blindfaitht, whiel they call implicit or folded !ip, telling tlhem that it is enough for them to believe as ,the church, believes,- though they. know sot who the. church is, whereas the Scripture teaches us that faith eometh Iby hearing, &c.;, &e.;"' Dr. Jackson, an eminent divine of the 17th .century ,the,contemporary of Mede and Usher, is .thus clear against any:joint rule of faith,-" We .reject.ecclesiastical tradition frontm being any part .of thIe rle of, faitlh.' This unanimous tradition .ecclesiastical;was -not i. those times hehl( for any -proper part-of the rule :of faith. It -undermines the structure of faith. The Scripture Is a:rule of faith every wayU competent for ending controversies in religion." Archbishop Leighton. a trae man of God, has a passage well worth remembrance, where we .hear of a:ltradition-guarded .bible (See'Leighton?s works,, ed. Pearson,- p. 001),-" Let?' us receive light and edification from the Scriptures, on every. .article- qffaith, and with.regard to the whole system .of religion in general.. And'- let hlim who. desires to be a real lover.of 'God,:and willing to-beitaught .bys him, :resolve, aborehill things, to. make the Sacred Voluime his constant;study, mining his read ing with, freqtent and tfervent prayer. Tile genuinoe disciples of this. true wisdom desire to -know these things only that their steps might be directed, and their souls might.be healed."' Bishop Bornet,m'ho sat at the feet of Leighton, and has left it afflectingly upon record what his master's spirit and mind was, thus speaks upon the same subject :--"The capital error in men's. preparing themselves for the holy funtctio of the' ministry is that they study books more.than them-' .selves, andi:tlhat the read divinity.more in other books- than in -the scriptures (see 'History of his own Times'). 'Tlsey say that to condemn .private judgment, in matteis of -religion, is to strike at the root of the whole reforma tion, -•whichls could nerer hare been compassed if private men had not a right to think'for them selres. On the contrary,. they think that every ma?ni i bound to j!!dge. for himself, ruhlch, indeed, he oughlt to; o, ,in the fear of ,God, -and Will, all Itimnlitiy and cauleos'," (see preface to :Srd ed; Pastoral Care). "I, for my part," says Chilling. worth, " after a long, and, as 1 verily believe and hope, :an impartial l search of ithe true way to eternal happincss, do profess plainly that I eannot ?~ind any rest for the sole; of my foot but on tlis rock (of scrilpture) only. .I see plainly with my own eyes: that there are popes. against popes, councl)s, against conncils, , fatheri against fatherls, fathers against,tthemselves, alconeint of fathers in one agei againet~lthe consent qffatilera.in another the chureh pf one age tigainst thle church of .atnther. 'Piraditive Interpretations, of scripture are spretended,' bitt there are ,none: to! be folndt, .Nor-tradition?.of- ecriptriio can dertive itelfjirmn tfie fountaii bitt ina syl be ilalinly ptroved to have been bronght in!.ln sinch- an;age;after Clhrist, or that In suielianiage itiwas not. n it word, there -is no ?u?ficientcerlainty, for a wise:man to build on, but of scripture onlpy" '. ; 'When I come- to living prlters of the present day, andi ask them for a' testimony against any joint rile of fatlth, 8n11 in fav;or?f private inter pretition,' I amn cointeist 4 o0place in tihe front of sitl! citationsithe o inion of Piofessor Posey, i wist' miustt' e felt to he the liealthier time of hi mental li fe.?. Splealhig of he itfiluence of Luther's " pions tid diegierlmhni inh mind" uspon tie rehlotiilea condition of Germaty, hiesays (A.n. 1828 p- The ' j itilesi attempts to satisfy an uneasy conserice bys the t terhtorelonp performances e ofa Romislh ontvenl , Iad opened hatr ye to the rig isnderatandii i g f the Holy raptur, tn wi doctriet aalo line l co? ld findes nd the clear and disernmng faith w1tchd the correspondence o acripture with; ie s owr exper i ncel strengthened tin iMit,: gave?" lini an insti ctlive insight ainto , tiature of chtrit;ianty, will a isef him not oni houre tif te ee churchs a c rch, and ae bl the 'mightf trah~t. , but o.abover the power i prejudice atn ld C heminion of the I tter. "Again when Mr eonse hacsid thiatlteol ogy In German ia uter cled, owng to the neglect of a conetrollin aiernietidetce, and an ado e nc tohe letter f the sypimbolal boofa Dr Psaney (in "t1828) thoughl thant tls asew pnoleed thed abandonment h of f f sndamin tl prs oqple#" Pfpltenn taism, and dare I gatd from tile orepedene and :,the inheren b power dgfthte t o d; a God (the Pusey "On tb 'IIeplogyiof Geinany," .s8e 50, 75 102)t But I I am to be ltol;dtat lte .chpresh is not t ec SIgaoist the s trpire,,-bpti t oly mde thi e keoep andinterpreter cf saripture I rwoilel say, in Mr Newmana'svery wordsCase '"Newman's Roman ad " Rip. 817 8tt),- Yo Iiteak of the catholi church, of techurch's teacLidg,, of obedience t fthe y, ohuri What mdo.you ,meai by the churc catholisc .i this rla? whereli is site Pi What at command, censure? How can yon any that srt Siotlters. one. and the samte doctrine everywher a when we at re t atiwar wt all the rest of Christ end t and are not at peace at home?" ., hltto, advert one and againo toblhe point, i Satit important point now raised here lby a rece and grave pioceeding, n e tihe Tasmanl?n chard let .mea briptg fotwatrd the well- weighed testirnl arelating to religion(Cstn mea resolver, ito 18e2. two, great qfernt ryer.-Is the bible thproe aWord ofGod ?mlwhit does it teach ? It beig proved tore s the eord of tGod, i dbmislson of.mind to its 0c a tained trnttslis as greatsa (utyas diligentenmqii a what thoser siitruths are" "(Scr T ue scripture is od SWote)rd," and ,wre,ely .enethat oo to correct err Smitherds pression". (Cari ostia Student, p. 0). " 5 .arehbotnd,asreasutleouand acco e tableereatu. e thus to form ou' ot n judgmet. word of what dwre lie e and- notf thotakse oer sentiments ofnl upion hil we uthoprit"o (Crietian arer pit. 182). '(ri .sou alreligioner imply frord, moscriptures, andy wiludt have the coapfort of ktestnowing that in eCor pure from God. Tie beatcommentaries are ma0d tatioi atnd fervent prayer: they prodiee a Irar of mind- which enables us to see the forcea a scripture declarations, and dispose io to receni t them-in-their simplicity" (Scripture Help, p. 15 a. note). --" Sutpremely .renerate the written acor a Study divine trtu-th before you prepossess Yt Sminds witih human opinions. God hia-s given r r 'judgmeit,. and requires you to exercise it. Olt Ire importatit. to-let the; word, of Christ dwell itt trichly, aand to become more faanillar with tl spirits of those blessed servants of !Gad, with uho we hope'to ntide throughout eternity" (Chrlit 1 Student, p.-00-70). I.ishall pehliaps, -my lord, most decisively Co d cude Cliis citapter of -testitnoiles with lii xr~rt from aCharge de.liered, to the clergy, f tlhe diocese frCalclntta,-inltl e year 1888, by that trSily fervent and aposole servantoflod, Bishlop DansieWlW lson, -Io has ,,now for .nearly tweaty years worthily ,il n tlhemetropolical see opftle Indlan clulrches.' His language is so clear, and .weighty, and so ex acll meetthlle circumstances of our present con. dition, as to deserve very serionus thought, and lide reibilelption. "It is to me, i? confess, a asterof sprpl!ise and shame, that in thle nine teenth centuryJ weslhould really have the fuilnda mental principles of popery re-asserted in the, very bosom of that church which' was reformed'so determinately three centuries ago by the doctrine, labonrs, and martyrdom of Cranmer and his fellow. niferers.,. what are weto.?have all th? fond lnets whlich formerty splrug from, the tradi?iona of men re-introduced in however modified a form armongst usf Are we to have a:refined tran-' s,1stantlation, the sacranlents, and notFaith, tlie hief means of salvation, a'confused aiid Incer taln mixture of the merits.of ChOrist, and inherent inace in the matter.,of just!fication, .retissiou of ins, and the new, creation in Christ Jesus con ned, orailmost confined to baptism,, perpetual lonht of pardon to the penitent after that sacra. nent, "the duty. and advantage f; self-imposted ,steritles, the innocenlcy of prayers for the dead, nd similar tenets whichllgenerate a , spirit of randage again asserted amongst uls? And thus is he paramount aullority qf the Holy Scriptures, ad tile doctrines of the grace of God in our joys tlicatlon by the alone"Hinerits of Jesus Clrlist mhlch reposes on 'that aluthority, to. be" again weakened and obsd obC by ;dsuch human uipter _dditions, aul 'a new edifice, of,'" will-worslhip,' ad ' voluitnary hImlllity', andu the .'radlmnents of the world,'.erected once more in tlhe place of the simple gospel of a crucified.'Savioirm? My Ien g,?ge is strong, my reverend. rethiren, but3,yon shall judge for yourselves whether it is too strong; ' With relation to thle supreme: authority of lu spired scripture' says Professor Keble in lhis sermon on tradition, ''t stands thus: Ca tholic tradition teachlies revealed troth, scrip Ilre proves it. Scripture is 'the docliment of faith, tradition the' witness of' it. 'The Iree creed is the catholici linteirlreatilln of scripture, or splritually-p'roved 'tradition. :Scrip" tlre by itself teaches miedhilaely, anld proves decisilely. Scripture and tradition taken together, are the joint rule of fait/s.' So then, tradtition is the primary, and Holy, Scripture the secondary teacher of divine truth I So the8 n we are to searchl the inspired 'word not' as the oline autlhoritative adequate rile:o'tf faith; but as tlie doeltiment of what this tradition 'teaches We are to stdy tile bIible nrot in order to simply ascertain what is God's will,.;but to plrove'traditioni by scriptural evidence.; and the. standard of reselation is to tIe no lnuger the bible alone; 'i.e. the inspired rword in its ilain andd obvious, meanlug, buit scripture and tradition' takeri together are' the joint ride of; faithtl Alltl tis is sufficiently. alarming, hbut it becomtnes. incomnparably more so when we learn with what latitude the word .Iraditiois,is under stool. It includes (as we find elsewhere from the same author)' underwritten as wellt' as written tradillotios, ' contalilng remainis or. fragments of the treasire' of apostolical doctrines anal cllurch rles'-inl othler .words, an oral late, indepoendent of, and distinct froutllhe truths which are directly. seriptural. ''So then,.it appears thitt.scrilptlre and tradition written alid unwrittenl, are, taken to.-' fielher, the joint rule of fdith! . I appeal to you, reverend brethren,' whether woehave not here a a totally false yrincipal 'as the rule of faith. ,I appeal to you, .whether the very reading ofhtllis statement is' not enough to condemn it-whether tihe hlessed and all-perfect hook of Godt is not thus depressed into 'a kind 'of attendant anid expositor of tradition-whe't!ier'r thi Is is not to magnify the emnaients of.men abovo the inspired words of the Holy Ghost. I. appeal to. you. whether this is tilt to make traditliol an integral part oftile canon' of faith, and so to underminthe the hole fabric q4i the reformation°! "And wl!erefore this deviation from our old pro testant doctrineand,.languaage? Why this false principle? ' Why this new school of divinity? Ancient testimony in its proper place, who had nldervailed ? The idignity and .grace of the sncramnents, who had.denied ? The stltdy of pri mihive antiquity, who had renounced ? The wit less of the early fathers, who had disparaged ? Tle intclciatahle importance of the witness of tile eltly church niveisal, at the Colncil of Nice, to tIe bIroadi fact,of the faith of entire Cthristendon, from the days of the Apostles to that hour, inthe iitSteries of the adorable Trinity and the Incar ition, who had gainsaid ? Who llad questioned IiP divine authority and perpetual obligatio of h Lord's dlay?l Thle nlastitultiln anld pelpeetuity itlhe two, andla olity two Ciristian sneralaenls he right of tile inf.lats of tlhe faithrfllt to te bless hings of Holy apltism-the apostolical usage, of .onfirmation-the three-fold order of llChrist's nministers-the use of liturgies-the observation of our Lord's festivals-thle universal witness of tihe catholic fathers and bishops to tile three creeds? Do we not. rejoice in tracing back almost, the whole of our snlime and scriptural liturgy to a far.higher period t!han the rise of popery-to thli primitive ages of the church in our own and every, other country ? And we receive their tradition: for this one reason : because it deserves the name of just and proper evidence. It is authentic testi mony.. But evidenceis one,th ing, and the rule of faith is another. Not for one moment do we con founlld the evidences for the rule of faith with the ru!n of faith itse(f. "Not for one moment do we place traditionon the same level with tile all-per feet will of God t Scripture and tradition, we venture to assert, are not the joint rule of.falth, but! Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary toesalvation, so that whatever is not read therein or proved thereby is not to be required of any man. Against this whole system then, as pro ceeding ,iion a most false and dangerous:principte, I beg, most resprectfuilly to caution you. I enter my solemnl protest against the testimony of the fathers, to, any number of facts.being constituted I a joint role of faith.' I protest against the tes timony of.,prinmitiae writers being placed on a levpelwithlthe Blessed Scriptnres themselves. 1 rotest ,against ,a mere rule of communion being made arule offaith. The whole systeim.goes: to generateas, inadequate, superficial, and supersati tionss religion. Due hmniliatiofi before .God, under a aense of thie unutterable evil of sin, will be less mid less understood: a, conviction of oar need of thle meritorious righteot;snessof the ieacar nate Sa"iour, as the alone ground of our justifiea tion, wll lbe faintly incaleulated: the :operation of the Holy Ghost, in creating man anew, will'be imore and niore forgotten: tihe nature of those good 'works whlieh are acceptable to God in Christ, will be lostsiglt oft Another Gospel, framed odi the traditlons of men,;willl make way for an apostacyoin our-ownclhnrch, as in that of Rome, unless, Indeed, the evangelical piety, the reverence for. Holy Scripture, the theological learning, and the forethonugt and fidelity of our chief pastors interpose by distinct cautions to prevenlt it" (See tihe Bishola of Oalcutta's Charge, 1838, pp. 58-.76). -I remain, any lord, )our obedient servant, A CacunRCUMAN.j . 