THE FRENCH COUNTER-REVOLUTION. 4 (From the Nation Dec. 13th 1851.) For a week the president's coup d'etat has been triumphant-— such a triumph as it is to gripe a sleeping man's throat and hold him down with a dagger to it. For a week France — France, which has shed so much gallant and generous blood, and toiled with such a prodigal zeal and genius for her liberties — has been at the mercy of one of the most contemptible despotisms that mankind, savage or civilized, ever writhed under. Since the worst days of the Empire there have been no such powers in any French rpler's hands since the bloodiest, days of the Convention, power has never been so unscru pulously used. It makes ones' heart bleed to think of the terrible condition of this, the premier nation . of all Europe. Half its departments under martial law, its legislature scattered, in prison, or under surveillance — the most eminent of its soldiers and statesmen in the cells of Ham, and Vincennes, personal liberty at the mercy of every policeiban, life lie4d at the point of the bayonet, the press gagged, the city cowed, scores of gallant and honest men, who have dared to do their duty as citizens, marched out hourly to the Champ de Mars to be shot like dogs. And all this wanton effusion of life, all this flagrant violation of the most sacred rights, that the nephew of Nopolean may wear a purple robe, and own a civil list. The greatest criminal in Europe stands at the head of the party of order to-day. From Montalembert and the Univers, to the torpid Bourgeoise, and the greedy ' prefects and sub-prefects, and hangers on of all grades on the enormous system of centralized Go vernment in France, this man is put forward as the champion of society, law, and religion against HUal Cilj Jl 1115 lb oUvIIIb 19 LUC# &OL6; J-1 J30HtljpcirL6 | is ambitious to assume. But it is one which no sane man can recognize in his person. He who has broken all the sanctions, and safe guards of society, he, the one man in France, sworn to uphold the constitution, who has openly broken his oath — he, who has shed blood to uphold his unhallowed rule with more then the ferocity of a Robespierre- he, who holds his police and soldiers in leash to loose them on whomsoever lifts voice or arm against a Government which has been solemnly pronounced by the High Court of Justice and the Legislature of the nation, to be outlawed and an usurpation — is this robber, perjurer, cut-throat, traitor, the I champion of the party of order ? If he be, we know under what banner all that is true and honest I in Enrnne make tnkf ifs rank 1ion/>Afn>.t1i " In fifty years," said Napoleon, at St. Helena, " Europe will be either Republican or Cossack." His nephew has brought Europe to the crisis when the prophecy must be verified one way or the other. Little does it matter that for a week or for a month the French may be spell-bound by surprise, and overawed by shells and grapeshot. To those who mark how cleverly the President organised his plans — what an unpopular, intriguing, and monarch ical, assembly he pushed out of the way — what a large seeming concession he made to the people in the Universal Suffrage and the Vote by Ballot — ' what force he had, and how he uses it ; on the force, of thes£ considerations who can wonder if the votes of Christmas left him to a longer term of power? For the question of the urn, on the 20tb, will be, not between Louis Napoleon and another form of Government — as he puts it, Louis Napo leon or none ; and in such an alternative he can hardly fail to clutch the honors he covets. But millions of suffrages will not secure his seat in the Ely see; for it rests on fraud, falsehood, and mur der, and floats a mere waif on the great tide of evencs. .rrur.ee, siunnea Tor a time ; rent ana be- I trayed by her factions; fearful of the ghost of '93 I looming through the future, may look on in silence | and apathy. But it is in the dead stillness that the tornado is piled cloud upon cloud. I And it needs no wizard to foresee that this people of sudden and stormy insurrections, who waited long, and long bore to be dra- 1 « gooned and swindled, and then at last sprang to their barricades, and a made day's short work of a ! dynasty ; to foresee that this miserable impostor, .too, will follow in the track of the descendant of St. Louis, and the citizen king of the Bourgeoise — yea, may it not even be that one of its last les sons shall be taught to European despotisms, in the gushing of Bonaparte's jugular on La Greve. What makes it as sure as fate that this imperial rule may not be permanently re-erected is, that whatever intellect, and whatever politics have a faith in France are Republican to the core. While other parties have been intriguing and dealing in expedients, and makeshifts, and empirics, there is one party that has toiled on with the faith of the truth in its words, and a dauntless courage in all its actions. The party to which Armand Carrel gave his chivalrous heart, Gamier Pages his pure gentle soul, Godefroi Cavaignac his fiery zeal — the party in which live the faith and the tradition of the Gironde, and to whose thoughts the noblest intel lects of France are tributary — the party which evoked the Republic in February, and guarded it in June, has only war to death for the new usurper. Thiers may make his quiet personal bargain, and pay a visit, for his health, to King Bomba. Mon talembert may do honour to the perjurer and the profligate, who has granted St. Genevieve for the singing of his Te Deum. The legitimists may I emigrate in despair — and Guizot may read the Orieanists a doctrinaire lecture on the new dynasty in his tolerated journal. But the Republicans know no truce with the dictator. Against, them his only strength is the sword. And the Generals whom he has locked up in his old rooms at Ham are among their leaders — a perilous consideration for him, whose only strength lies in the army. And this army — these battalions which follow him I now, because he he has bribed them ; because their own' generals are not at their head, and it is a soldier's instinct to serve ; because lie has given. to them as merciless a license in the streets of Paris as they had in their razzias among the African Kabyles — what , when his coup has passed, will he do with his army ? He has given to them as gross a sense of their strength as had the Praetorian tjuaras ot Rome, or the Jannissaries of the Last. With a Bonaparte at their head, the army must have war. And war with whom ? With Russia ? Nay ; if the Imperial scheme prosper, will not Napoleon II. be wedding some lair Olga of' the Czar's House ? With Austria? Was Kossuth let to land at Marseilles ? Is not Francis Joseph | the cousin of the Emperor ? With Prussia ? Nay ; another empire must be built for the beloved of Berlin. Frederick, too, is of the Party of Order. — With England ? Aye, with England. How should a Bonaparte appeal to the heart of France save through the memory of Waterloo ? Against whom should the second Napoleon lead his Eagles, save against that " perfidous Albion," which tore the empire asunder, and chained Napoleon to the I ifilnmn in # C!#v<>«X'U amm am O IVT.mLX v. m J. ouuvai J ADAttlAU. All tut: OUULULUIl bCtl r JVAIgUb &IUL; I the generals themselves unsheath their sullen J swords for him in this quarrel. Changarnier, surely, to whom the enterprise is dear as it was to Hoche ; and even Cavaignac, if, perchance, one drop of the old blood of Leix still tingles in his veins. I They feel it, and fear it, with their subtle instincts, in England already. The absolutist Times sets up its long unused constitutional howl on the lost liberties of France, and it echoes rumbling along all the columns of their press. Well may they feel that the danger is close at hand. The Dictator has ordered his 4 own correspondent' to stereotype his false bulletins, or else leave France. I I Their 4 mild and conciliating ' Ambassador, (who was J Lord Lieutenant Normandy here upon a time,) has I said that English people in Paris must hold their I tongues, or his Excellency may not be able to save them from harm. Already that great Chrystal 1 Palace of theirs, in which they fancied they held I their paternal re-union of all nations, is as absent I from the French mind as Solomon's Temple. I And so '52 begins to redden the dawn with hope I for Ireland, whether Arimanes or Orimasdes prevail ; wuciuci iuc vuuu&siuis; wi me uuara oivouac in j Regent's Park, or the tyrants of Europe be trodden I to mild in the war between Democracy and | Despotism. For wherever the truth and the right I prevail, then and there our cause raises its crest 1 I gloriously again ; and it has more than once been said, with eminent truth nnd propriety, that 4 in the | hour of England's distress is Ireland's opportunity.' 