The Unsuccessful Man ; or Pas- sages in the Life of Tilbury Nogo. Esq. Br FoxoLOTB. J C Continued from our htue of Oth November, j " A, henry summons Hes Uko lead apon mo, And yet I cannot Bleep."-MACUCTU Dna.-" Mo is indeed a horse, and all other jades you may call - beasts '* Con. - " Indeed, my lord, it is a most absolute and excellent horso."-KINO Hjtr.Hr THU FIFTH, 1 Horaco recommends the sleepless Roman to strim twice across tho Tiber, and ero ho seek his couch to drench his frame with wino-a classical way of rendering what wo in tho vernacular term '. passing a wet evening." And doubtless this was good ndvice to the luxurious denizen of j the Imperial City, unaccustomed to take suffi- cient exercise, and imbibing in his revels only ! the puco unadulterated producoof his sunny aud ¡ vine-clad . hills. We gather from history that thu masters of tho world were claret drinkers ; the size,of their drinking- cups, the frequency of their toasts, their aversion to " hoel-taps," which wo infer from their recorded habit of striking the brim of each up-turnea goblet against tho thumb-nail, to show what thorough I justice had been done to its contents-all these little social and convivial practiaes provo beyond i a doubt that had " black- strap" been tho par- ticular "vanity" imbibed in such profusion, tliore would bavo been few instances of a senator walkin-i to his couch ; and " as drunk as Julius Cajsar," instead of being us it now is, n pleasant and classical.metaphor betokening helpless ine- briety, would have stood recorded, in sad if not in sober earnest, as an undoubted mid historic il fact. And tho ".other bottle " of strong port, actingnpon.a frame already diluted with sundry glasses of dry champagne and " curious '' Ma- deira, doubtless produces a.slumber which, if it wcro only long in proportion to its depth, would bo refreshing to the last degree; but unfor- tunately oro " the oock's shrill clarion or the echoing horn," has proclaimed the approach of day, an unwelcome flt of vigilance overtakes tho prostrate Bacchanalian, and with parched throat and aching brow ho tossos to and fro upon his couch, too restless to relapso into slum- ber, and yet iu a most unfit position to bo up and doiiiK. Mrs Montague's ghost story.was buzzing in my ears when I sought my dormitory. I cer- tainly wound up my watch, though I havo no distinct recollection of extinguishing my candle, therefore 'I cannot havo boen tho least under rho influence of Bacchus-no, it was probably the salad-salad never does ngreo with mc -or the coifce might have been too strong, but it clearly was not tho wino that caused tue to awake about three o'clock in tho morning, very much heated, rather nervous, and extremely indisposed to go to sleep again. Tho full moon was pouring her boaras Into my chamber through a clink in tho shutters, and tho clock in tho passage, whoso every tick had for somo time been irritating my over strong nerves, gave its.three silvery strokes, and then went on with its aggravating " ono, two,'* louder than before, when to my infinito discomposure I fan- cied I bearii a slight scream in a woman's voico. My first impulse was to put my head under tho bed-clothes, but making an effort to master this not'very. valorous instinct, I sat up and listened ? Who, that ha's over gone through this perform- ance in the ralddlo of tho night, will deny that it ia. to say the least of it, tho moat uncomfort- able motliod of passing tho timo usually devoted to repose ? how tho slightest sound appears mag- nified to ail alarming degree-how every horror of which tho newspapers aro always full, be- comes prosoht to the mind nt once-how tho boards of hitherto silent passages and deserted rooms crack, as though trodden stealthily by ghost br robber, of ho fragile weight-how tho feeling of appréhension merges into irritation, mid vie* versa, till you hardly know whether you uro most alarmed or provokod, and how in the midst of nil thesu misgivings you generally drop insensibly into a disturbed slumber, from which you waho next morning nt nn hour when you ought to bo dressod-unrefreshed, and very much ashamed of yourself. Such ls tho usual conclusion of a brokeii night's rest ; but when j you havo been credibly informed, from Upson which you placo implicit reliance, that you nro actually next door to a haunted chamber, Mor- pheus is moro chary of his' tavors, and never at high noon did 1 feel moro thoroughly broad awake than during tho weary hours of tho first night I spent nt Topthorno Lodgo. Again that stifled scream-again that light and stealthy foot-fall passing my very door. Flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and in sheer desperation I jurapod wildly out ot bcd and rushed into thu passage, with a sort of mor- bid impulso, that bid mo faco the worst at ouao, and get it ovor. Cold crept the night air around my defence loss limbs, fur my garment was scant, and the draughts which pervaded tho old houso were pitiless, but tho budily discomfort 1 experienced was nothing compared to tho mental ohill that shot through my very marrow, when, nt the further und of tho long gloomy plissage I dis- , tiuatly saw ii whlto transparent-looking figure vanish through ono of those) 'swinging urce ii doors, so especially adapted for the exits and en- trances of ghosts. Had Inst been tho,solitary occupant of the ... Visitors' Wing,"-had , there boon, another denizen of that haunted locality, 'to rush to his allamber door in superstitious ter-, ror, I rather think I 'should have frightened Aini', as I stood in the eold moonlighttparalysoil with horror my mouth opon,'my hair on end, my snowy drapery floating in tho night breozo, and my eyoi Axed, with a stony glnro on the disap- pearing spoatro. But alas ¡ I lind no compnuloii to ouaeurngo mo with his 'bodily presbnOa. I was alone, all. alano now r for tho ghost,wn« ' gono ; and much discomfited uüdor th« c^itublnod footings nf ehiimo, fonr, and tho half Husplolon that tho whole might bo a trick tb Impose unuii nly credulity, 1 agnin'sought my couch, and at length when tho cheerful.dawfv made its appear- ance, nildottie " early birds*' wero twittering gladly, to moot tho approach of duy, Ï, fuutid jî&urag;'o .to 'resign' myself 'to a heavy «liimher, íronj. wlitch'l did not nwako till'thd sound bf á »5troiit:l)ull 'tolling somewhere1 in' th« uolghbour ' hood of my bod-room,, announced that breakfast would be ready in that short half-hour, which argues a toilette either completed with wonder- ful dexterity, or elsy curtailed of aumo.of its most essential forms. Tlie Squire sahl I looked " seedy: *' tho widow hoped I had slept welt and mit boon visited by the " Lily of tho Lea ; " mid tho breakfast passed over without any further remark on tho disturbance of the nitrht. which appeared not to have aroused my host or hostess. Bolder in the daylight, and ashamed'of my alarm, I thought it best to say nothing of my un- welcome visitor, thougu 1 confess that for an in- stant tho uiichivnlrou« thought crossed my mind, that if this sort of thing was to go on every night, not oven the charms of Mr» Monluguo -Forbes' society during tho day could compen- sate for such a life of terror : and I had better frame some excuse that might withdraw me from tho neighbourhood of Topthoriio Lodge und the romantic regions of the West. But the widow smiled as widows only can. oud day after day saw me lingering ou a welcoino guest at the rough Squire's tablo, a willing captive to the attrac- tions of his sister. Occasionally as I lay awake in tho Blue-room, I fancied I could hoar a foot- step stealing gently along tho passage, but after a brief struggle with my pride, 1 generally buried my head beneath tho b'd-clothes, and emerged again hot and breathless, wheu I im- agined tho apparition must liavo'pnsscd away ¡ and whether it was the old port, or the country air, or moro probably tho healthy out-of-door lifo I was leading, 1 know not : but I found that altogether I slept passably well, and my quarters agreed with me amazingly. Day after day glidod away, and found me still a visitor at tho Lodge. Friends came and went, and seemed to consider mo as ono of the family. Partridges got wild, pheasant-shooting began, cub-hunting became less and less gothic in Its hours, mid instand of six o'clock, I used to mount tho Squire's roughest pony, always very much ut my service, and bio to tho fast mellow- ing woods nt half- past nino. I Uko cub-hunting, it Ka sort of earnest of the delights about to be produced by the coming sonson ; and if, as moralists tell us, tho charm of pleasure lies chiefly in its anticipation, how much greater must be tho satisfaction of tho chase (particularly as you need not ride over the fence») when every day brings it nearer and neurer to its perfection, than when tho drying winds of spring have parched tho soil, tho gaps been made up, still'and plashed, and ns high as amati's chin,and everything Irom the staring coats of your hounds to the battered logs of your hunter, waru you that tho end of' your favorito sport is near at hand. Well, November wns approaching, and still I was at Topthorno's. No intelligence arrived from Bagshot, and to the Squire's pressins in- vitation to remain until hi- return, mid begin " tho season'' in tho west, what could I reply buta grateful aflirmutite P And yet it -ll seemed like a dream-what with shooting, and Ashing, und flii (ii.u : pie-nics when the weather wa« 8no; driviiu; ivi;h '.1rs Montague in lier pretty pouy C irrp^-.- wi,!, n» quiet pony (for Mrs \l. was too tim.J .... inonu: it horse gentle creature '.) when it was doubtful ; mid pining nt battledore mid shuttlecock with her when it was rainy; the time glided tty in pcaeefu. happiness -nil the moro insidious for it» tranquility. Header I havo you ever-played battledore ami shntttccook across a billiurd-tablo, with maid, wife, or widow-especially the latter t If you never have, tako 'my advice, and do'nt try-.. Where ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to bo wise !" And should you wish to escaño thc common doom o your sex-to live mid die unfettered by the matrimonial tether, unscathed by Hymen's torch ; unimprisoncd within his magic ring ; a freo mau from tears and trouiicaux. gauze and gossips, bother and bride-cake-then tako your diversion at bowls with the parson : at skittles with tho gamekeeper ; aye I even at erarte with a Frenchman ; but don't play battledore and shuttlecock with a ludy. Need I add how the danger is enhanced when the said lady, in addi- tion to hor opportunities nf fascination as an ! inhabitant of tho samo dwelling with yourself, is possessed of a rounded figure and a beautiful arm, shown to their greatest advantage as she strikes the winged mischief-maker high into air; a frosh complexion, deepened into a rosy hue by the exercise and thc punuit ; and long sunny ringlets that droop over the prostrate shuttle- cock in playful dnsp-lr, as »ho picks it up witli a ringing laugh nt "(.he'r own stupidity," and de- clares It is '. HO provoking we emiline keep it up abovo a hundred and twenty !" Such was my lot, and strange to Bay I wilfully shut my eyes to tho danger and played on. I have often won- dered if tho lato Mr Montague Forbos was an adept at this game, and whether this was tho method adopted to capture that austere and puritanical gentleman (for such I havo been given to understand was his character) : pro- bably if not so, some other equally efficient snare was prepnrcd, and tho bait-like that of a saga- cious keeper-was adapted to tho nature of the vermin about to bo entrapped. Well, aa i havo already «aid, tho timo Blipped on merrily enough and that important epoch, the first Monday in November, was rapidly approaching. I had decided to remain with tho Squire nt least till Chrhtmas, au'd abandoning all visions of distinc- tion in " thu shires"-all ambition of shilling amongst the during dandies from Melton, or cfientingn brilliant escapo from tho crowd of infuriated centaurs who periodically ovorrido tho Pytohloy Hounds. I had resolved to go dooply into tho scienco of the thing, and havo n good spell of wild hunting lu a wild country with Squiro Topthorno'and tho I'ipplngdon Hounds. Tho mastor was delighted, ns masters always aro with tho compliment implied by a dosortlou of other hunting estahlisumonts in favor of their own, and kindly oflered to put mo tn tho way of obtaining tho material for employment, in tho shapo of two good useful nags, at tho lowest possible expenditure. Maggs is tho only follow to deal with,', said the Squire. '. I bought old ' Blunderbuss" of Maggs. I'll toll you what, Nogo-we'll go over to the ' Paddocks' tho day after to-morrow, and seo what he has got. When tho Squiro said a thing should bo dono 1 I always remarked that done lt was ; and ac- cordingly, a soft mollow morning towards tho oloso - of Oatober saw Topthorno and myself leisurely progressing In bli sister's pony-enrriago towards tho picturesque abode of t o west-coun- try horso dealer. Mrs Korbes.' old pony was a favourite, and not used to bo hurried, so wo had maple time to enjoy tho beautiful scenery through . which wo passed. How unlike in its romantio ooiifuslo« of lull and duli), wood, water,and open moor, to the fl it surface, the large grass onoto lures, and tho fini regular lied jeruWK.. which 1 hud been taught toassuoiate in my mind in,the enjoyment of.the chase ' lt was a scone to baie i enraptured Poussin ¡ though old Goosey would probably .have'passed it' ny in disgust, f 'r he u'oiihl scarcely have tnndo tho «nine romark i.pon Its merits,with which bo replied tu tho ouqil ries pf his ln»t kind-hearted and liberal master, as to what ho thought of tho wonders of tho metrópo- lis. Kroin his attie in Piccadilly ho . had looked with a sportsman's oyo ovor tho surrounding ex- panse, and although lia had' ooliib up frop Loi-; cesterstiiro for tho express purpose,df .toeing' nl| ' that was most worth seeing in tho great centro of civilisation, , hf s, uhnrrictorlstlp i answer pf " Tulto;leavo tb sny.'SJr H'. thorjj. scorns n, good deni «f grass in tho plhoo '! '.'.jshbw.s ;what wai tho stibjoot that, O'On in tho modern Uabylou, lay Wéàrést'.to, tho7votornnfs heart, ,'Hut tho ooun ,'t'ry through whioli/thu old' pony" drugged us to lolsi'ifol. was ns unlike tho pnsturos ot'^lnnkW . borough BS thi't surface ot tho ;Cjreon Park. ' Hero wo. sklrtnd n rugged copso*, hanging* its rlgh autumnal fflkugu over tho Uno wo fólíowod ; .«? . * ..*.» "'?",,;.s there, wo forded a rivulet brawling down from a bluff and rocky «lope, which almost deserved tho mime ufa moutitaiu. At every turn in tho rond we came upon some fresh object of vnried beauty ; and nt length, einbosemed in a secluded valley Ithrough tho le vol award of which a tempting trout-stream stolo silently along, we arrived at a quaint old-fashioned public-house, bearing the somewhat uuacconntnbltf litio of " The Goat in Boots," and adorned with.a cunning representa- tion of that animal in such unusuntfattire whence, after sundry coercive measures lo pro vail upon tho unwilling pony to pass that well known resort, a few hundred yards brought us up to th» unpretending lino of stab- ling, and comfortable though lowly dwelling known as " The Paddocks, Tiverley," aud much frequented by thu Pippiugdou sportsmen in their dealings with Mr Magg». The arrival of eveu our modest equipage created un immediate couimotiou in th« estnb lishmeut ¡ and with a sort of " Guard, turn- out ! '* alacrity, tho myrmidons of Mr Maggs became instantaneously on tho alert, ns though one and alt scented a customer. A red-armed damsel, brandishing a frying-pan, peepedsforth from the kitchen ; a stunted ostler, with bandy legs aud ono oyo, received the reins from the Squire with a kind of silent roverenco that showed his veneration for tho office of u master of hounds, and putted tho pony ns if it wero un old acquaintance ; while tho proprietor himself emerging from a loose box. with a straw in his mouth, and a bustling air of giving many direc- tions at once, peculiar tn horse-dealers, masters of hotels, and other functionaries whose time hangs heavy ou their hands, lifted his hat in ra- pid succession to his visitors, marking by the tone ot his dirierent greetings, " Good-morning. Squiro !" and .. Your servant, sir ! " tho ditlcr out estimation in which ho held a chanco cus I(omer, und mi old patrou. .* Will you walk round tho stables this morn- ing, gentlemen P * says Mr Ningga, iu an off-hand sort of manner, ns if we had not come for that especial purpose. " Nay lu« !" (a. west-country abbreviation for Cornelius) " open that box ! Horses look ill at this time of year; but it is beautiful weather, cortaiuly, for the country. Havo you had much sport with you. Squire V And thus Mr Maggs runs on. ns if it were impe- rative on him to find conversation for his cus- tomers, ns well as hunters ; and with tho further view of putting off ns much as possible tho transaction of actual business till nfior luncheon. Tho Squire is a good judgo of a horse, ns Muggs \- well knows ; and accordingly, although ho can- not resist the usual practice of showing us every brute in tho stablo before wo arrive nt " the pinina." the enforced inspection is gone through in hutf the timo it would have taken had I been there alono ; and tho passing in review one or two weedy, long-tailed tire year olds, an ovor gruwn bay horse with curbs, and a broken-down stcople- chascr, none of which uro worth tho trouble of having out, wo aro introduced to a groy of vorv promising appearance, and contem- plate him fur soma minutes in mute admiration. After you have ascertained that a horse is quiet in the stable, felt his crest, passed your hand down hi» legs, und picked up his foot, into which you glance as you might look ut your watch, and from which you derive about as much information-there is always nu awkward pauso, during which the customer .is at a lesa.stoat he ought to say or do next. Now is tho timo for the dealer: and now Mr Mairgsbogins " You don't seo many shoulders like thoso. Squire!" (observo, the groy is a good-shaped horse, but his shoulder is tho worst point about him) -" they can't help riding pleasant when they're made liku him ! feel his legs. Mr Nogo /arnon* legs and feet, and some rare hooks mid thighs those, Squiro, to help him through thc dirt I But I never take notice of make and shape. Uivo mo performances, says 1 t let in« see a horse perform, Mr Nogo, mid I estimate his value by what he docs in the field. Now 1 soot that horse last week with ' Naylus,' to meei Mr Wildrake't hounds cub-hunting: and i say« to ' Naylus' says 1-you keep with the hounds. Well, they ran from Tor woo J Vale to Wild Overton-and tho Squire knows what that is and . Nuylus' he nevsr left them. There was only three of them would have tho Tiverloy Brook-no, I beg pardon, Mr Nogo, I'm telling you a lie-there was rive charged it, but only three got over, and ' Naylus' he led the field upon the grey > Mr WI ld ral» e's huntsman fol- lowed him, aud wanted hi* master to buy-th« horse : but 1 kept him for the Squir* hore to seo. I think there's fuw like him ia any country, but I tuny bo dcceivod. Will you see him out, Squire t " and " Naylus " is forthwith sum- moned te saddlo the groy, whilst wa pass on to I th« next box, containing a xtrong useful brown j borso, short in his legs and with all tho appear- ance of a hunter. Here we hnvo nearly tho same " recitative," varied with the dillerent ex- ploits performed by this sober-looking animal iu timber-jumping, which appears to be his forto, and in tim indulgence of which taste the heroic " Naylus" is related to have ridden him over a complicated doublo-post-rail, uo luter than the end of last season, which hud previously been tho terror of all tho neighbouring hunts. Thu ! brown horso, after au observation of mine, de- rogatory to his beauty (for ho has a large plain head), and which Mr Maggs passes over in siluut contempt, is likuwiso ordered to be saddled ; and In tho mean timo tho dealer courteously en- treats us to " step in and take a tittle refresh- ment ; " without which no transaction in tho way of business is ever supposod to bu able to proceed. . A comfortable pariour, hons round with sport- ing prints, a slico of pork pie washed down by a glass nf sparkling home-browed alo, the newest of broad, tito freshest of butter, and tho raciest ofchceso-tho whole put to rights by a small glass of undeniable white brandy, prepare ono tu look upon all sublunary matters-quadruped or otherwise-with an indulgent and favourable oyo j nor when you have ottered your hospitable host a capital cigar, and lit another yourself, do you find that its wreathing fumes at all discom- pose ur docrensa th<* charitable framo of mind Both the Squire and myself liked tho grey horse a good deal botter when wo saw him out ; nm! ns the short-legged" Naylus" trotted.cantered and galloped him here and .there, he real)] looked, under hi* pigmy iiurdeu, » fine powerful animal. . ' i " Take him over thoso rails, and " Naylus, nothing daunted, turned him at a fair-siaod tim ber fouco, bounding tho »oft lovel meadow ii which ho was curooriiig. Like-most horse dealer*' mon, .' Naylus " potsosaod bettor nerve than hands; but the. grey, though held in,i grasp Uko a vice, and urged upon tho otf-sldo b; a single spur; jumped his fence cleverly am landed in tho Hold boy end in undeniable form Back come* " Naylus " ? over tho hodge, ni,i< agu in the horse does wkat is required of hin I tractably and well.. . Ho'. " reins up !' .where w .are standing, arohes hi» nook, snorts a* thong! ho liked tho fun, and I begin to covot him.. Th ¡ Squiro lay» his leg over him. and gallops reum j tho field, and I like him' botter and belier. ' M Maggs does not interfere with, the favourable- ¡rn [ pression by any ill-timed romai ksJbut. moro! say*,'." Would you .like to foql hiaiiotion-M .Nogo!" land muah an I hui* oA'.unkrtow *: mount" I too have a tasto of tho tjrïny. Wr stirrups tho wroug length, and a confused-maj oFhoVd, thick'reins-In my hands, I cannot niak hlcii' gu> .unpleasantly ; and a* I return to whet .Maggs and his men nra standing, and ibear ttl former remark, as if ho did not know I wti within Uiiirlng. " Evidently a workman,-1. Naj Ins.'.. J[ ishould say u gout from Loicostors1iiV«¡ J I dnci<U/#|i»}i|buying tho groy >' eauHquicuuU. £lovato(l. by Vio. luncheon, tho brandy, and th ? gallop, I pxooev'd forthwith to mount tho'JUrow horse, who is now brought out to sustain his character, and ns lia is rory fresh, aud the saddle not yet warm to bis back, narrowly escape . get- ting kickod oil" for my rashness.- However, a sharp cantar round tho field makes us acquainted, and with a lively faith tu MrUaggs's represen- tations of his jumping powers, and a lurking am- bition ta show those west-country sportsmen the capabilities of a gent, from Leicestershire,'* I turn the brown horse's great liddlo-buad, aot without trepidation, at tho rails. Ho faces them boldly enough ; but at the last moment stops dead short, and refuses with, us I suspect, a touch of temper. Tho Squire laughs, and I feel iu honour bound to ride bini at them again, witk an inward anticipation of a fall, uud a MonSrmed disgust for " larkin." I give him another ehauea : again ha stops short, bul thinking bat- ter of it at tho last moment, wriggles his fore-hand .over, and clears tho remaining portion of bis frame with a lash of his powerful bud- quarters that sends me clean over his head, ta alight ea tho broad of my baek in the splashing water meadow. I got up raeful, crest-fallen, and irri- tated, but not the least hurt: whilst the brown horse careers round the field with streaming rein and tail ou high, in undisguised exultation at his liberty. There is nothing for it but to buy him ns well as tho other, to show that 1 ru« ride him ; and after a good deal of desultory conversation, a glass of hot brnndy-andswater, much haggling as to price, many compliments from Mr Maggs, and u curious arrangement en- tered into by which a certain sum is specified as tho price of u certain article, and a certain per ceutago on that sutu returned for tuck ! 1 rc eater tho Squiro's pony-carringo a richer man in tho amount of my personalities by uno grey and one browu gelding, warranted sound in wind und limb ; nnd a poorer ono in my funded property by the sum of ono hundred and seventy five pounds-thu price of the quadrupuds afore- said ; besides one golden sovereign bestowed as a free eilt on the one-eyed Cornelius, and re- quested by that enterprising functionary wholly aud entirely/or luck ! (To Vi continued.) 