MERCHANT SEAMEN TO THE EDITOR OF THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER. Sir— Permit me, through the medium of your well-con- ducted paper, to draw the attention of your readers, par- ticularly those of the shipping interest, to the extraordi- nary opinions of a member of the Legislative Council, as appearing in your columns of Saturday, relative to the en- gagement of seamen in England. I am sure every unfortunate shipowner who has ven- tured his ship hitherward, and their no less unfortunate commanders, will have reason to congratulate themselves on your intention of watching in future the adjudication of sailors' cases at the Court in the Port of Adelaide, in consequence of the declared opinions of a certain official who presides there occasionally; though it is hoped that the influence of such crude and unjust sentiments may not be extended to the daily exercise of judgments upon that Bench. The sentiments expressed in the Council by the official alluded to are calculated to effect the total subversion of every legal contract made with seamen in the United Kingdom, when owned as the sentiment of a Magistrate and officer of H. M. Navy. Sir, it must be well known to you and every intelligent editor of a paper in this colony, and every well-informed merchant, that the distress of commanders of ships is already overpowering and sufficient to paralyze their best energies, and that the wilful and culpable abandonment of ships here by their whole crews is no doubt plunging many respectable and worthy ship- owners into inextricable difficulties and ruin. Is it pos- sible that a naval officer — member of the Legislative Council. &c.;— could have been ignorant of the law under the Mercantile Marine Act of Great Britain, by which it is, in every case of hiring a crew, impossible to take undue advantage of seamen engaging themselves upon any voyage. If so, let me tell him that no ship leaving Eng- land can take a seaman away without his being upon the articles established by law, under a heavy penalty, and that the articles must be read over and explained to him, together with the nature of the voyage, as far as practi- cable, the duties incumbent upon him, with the amount of wages, victuals, &c.;, and that by an officer or officers ap- pointed by the Board of Trade, who has to witness the signature of every seaman. I am, Sir, yours respectfully, JUSTITIA. Adelaide, Sept 6, 1852. SATURDAY'S INQUEST. - FURTHER PARTICULARS. — Yesterday the clothes of the unfortunate man on whose body an inquest was held last Saturday, were identified by his relatives. His name was David Bratley, aged about 30. He was an agricultural labourer, born at Gedney, in Lin- colnshire, and his father is agricultural foreman to Mr. Marmaduke Clark, of Wycomb, near Louth, in the same county. He arrived here by the Amazon in February last, and paid a visit to the Gold-fields, whence he returned lately with about 34 ounces of Gold. He had since, lived with his uncle, Mr. George Dickinson, a farmer at the Tea Tree Gully, where his sister and her husband, Benner Albyns, also stayed. He sold 12 ounces of his Gold, and on Tues- day week left home for Adelaide to purchase a pair of boots, intending to go again to the Gold-fields. He left his re- maining Gold, and about £32 in money, part of the pro- ceeds of what he had sold, in his sister's care ; taking with him about £3, and promising to return in a day or so. His protracted absence excited surprise, and eventually alarm. Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Albyns came to town yesterday morning to make enquiries, and called on their way upon David Metheringham, an old !riend from Lincolnshire, who resides at North Adelaide. When they mentioned their business, he remembered that Bratley had called at his house on the day in question ; that he was not at home, but that his wife had told him Bratley was a little in liquor. It then occurred to him that a man had been drowned the same afternoon, and the three came into Adelaide together, and at once recognised the clothes. Dickinson and Albyns also recollected the five-franc piece as having belonged to Bratley. THE GHOST OF A CHEQUE. — Yesterday a cheque for £3 10s., drawn on the Bank of South Australia by Mr. Charles George Eastland Platts, was presented for pay- ment by a person calling himself Donald Campbell. The smallness of the amount might naturally have attracted notice, but a more remarkable fact was that the document bore date 1st June, 1842. Most remarkable of all was the circumstance that the cheque, which was undoubtedly genuine, had been already presented and paid ten years before, in proof of which it bore the ordinary mark of can- cellation. The "Bearer" was detained, and shortly made his bow to the Magistrate, in answer to whose en- quiries he was only able to say that he sold some Gold a month or so ago, and supposed he must have taken it in payment. He stands remanded till this morning. The cheque, of course, had been returned to Mr. Platts with his banking book, according to the London custom, which prevailed ten years ago in Adelaide. It must have been lost or stolen, and had evidently fallen into the hands of some adept who, in the true spirit of ancient romance, is willing to raise the ghosts of the dead, and make them play their parts a second time upon the stage of life. THE ROBBERY FROM MR. CHANTER.— John We- therell and Thomas Wetherell were charged yesterday with stealing Mr. Chanter's purse, containing, as we have al- ready mentioned, about £100 in notes, besides an Escort receipt and a bonded receipt. The evidence was not suffi- cient to justify their detention, and they were accordingly discharged. FURIOUS RIDING AND DRIVING. — Three mad Jehus were fined £2 each at the Police Office yesterday. The penalty appears too small to check the practice, which is too dangerous to be tolerated in a populous town. An- other erratic horseman was taken into custody yesterday. THE LUNATIC BAKER.— This unfortunate man has been reconsigned to the Asylum, where, no doubt, every possible care will be used to prevent his again effecting an escape. WLFUL DAMAGE. — The girl, Eliza Reid, whose wanton breaking of her late landlady, Mrs. McGhies's, win- dows, we mentioned last week, was ordered by Mr. Wigley yesterday to pay 9s. damages, and £1 costs. THE HINDLEY-STREET BURGLARY. — White and Lewis, with their wives, were yesterday committed for trial. The latter was allowed bail, himself in £100 and two sure- ties in £50 each. The women were granted a similar in- dulgence, the bonds being for half the amounts. ANOTHER BODY FOUND IN THE TORRENS. — Information was received yesterday of the body of a man being found in the Torrens, near the Reedbeds. We have not had the particulars from unquestionable authority, but if the remains be such as have been described, they may possibly be those of Crichton, the young man who was drowned some time ago in attempting to assist a companion across the Ford. AN INFANT WANDERER.— On Sunday morning, a little boy, seven years old, son of Mr. Jones, of Pirie street, strayed from his home, and was vainly sought for during the day and night. The search was continued yes- terday with no better success, and we need hardly say that his parents were in a state bordering on distraction. Be- tween 8 and 9 o'clock he was brought in by Mr. William Harper, of Salisbury, who had met with him at Gepp's Cross whither the poor little fellow had wandered without en- countering any accident. A return has been issued of the number of Acts of Parliament passed in the last fifty years. The largest number was in 1846, when 562 Acts were passed, of which 402 were local and personal, arising from the railway mania. The smallest number was in 1841, when only 13 were passed. In 1847, 447 Acts were passed ; in 1848, 318 ; in 1849, 243; in 1850, 261 ; and in the last session, 278 ; of which last number 106 were public, 146 local, and 26 private. A Parliamentary return has just been issued of the number of people employed on railways the length of the lines, and the number of stations. On the 30th June, there were 51,979 persons employed on 5,200 miles of rail in England and Wales; the stations were 1,669 in number. The London and North- Western Railway, with its 568 miles and 178 stations, employed a small army of 9,549 men. In Scotland — people employed, 8,107 ; length of lines open, 960 miles ; stations, 304. In Ireland — men employed, 3,477 ; length, 537 miles; stations, 134. Totals of the United Kingdom, 63,563 men, 6,698 miles, 2,107 stations. At the same period there were 735 miles of railway in course of construction in the United Kingdom ; on which 42,938 men were employed — a decrease of nearly 16,000 from the previous June.— London Paper. . All the interest of the National Debt (£27,000,000) is paid by six taxes, which fall at this moment upon the lowest class of the community ; the tax on tea, on sugar, on coffee, on spirits, on malt, on tobacco : these six articles raise a revenue of above £30,000,000 annually. The whole Civil Government of this country does not cost £20,000,000 ; £10,000,000 less than the interest of the National Debt. If you are to transfer the burden from land to indirect taxation, you in fact impose it upon the people. — Sir James Graham at Carlisle. A Frenchman thinks the English language is very tough — "Dare is 'look out,' he says, which is to put out your head and see ; and ' look out,' which is to haul in your head not for to see — just contraire." 