DISSIMILARITY OF THE FOUR AMERICAN STATES. From the Preface to Sam Slick's Traits of American Humour. Most Europeans speak of America as they do of England, France, or Prussia, as one of the great countries of the world, but without reference to the fact that it covers a larger portion of the globe than all of them collectively. In like mininer as the New England confederacy origin- nally comprised the most enlightened and most powerful transatlantic provinces, and the inhabitants accidentally acquired the appellation of Yankees, so this term is very generally applied to all Ameicans, and is too often used as a national, instead of a provincial or sectional, soubriquet. In order to form an accurate estimate of the national humour, it is necessary to hear these two great popular errors constantly in view. The Eastern and Western, Northern and Southern, States, though settled by a population speaking the same language and enjoying the same institu- tions, are so distant from each other, and differ so widely in climate, soil, and pro- ductions, that they have but few features in common ; while the people from the same causes, as well as from habits, tastes, necessities, the spareness or density of population, free soil, or slave labour, the intensity, absence, or weakness of religi- ous enthusiasm, and many other peculia- rities, are equally dissimilar. Hence, humour has a character as local as the boundaries of these civil subdivisions. Tlie same diversity is observable in that of the English, Irish, and Scotch, and in their mirthful sallies the character of each race is plainly discernible. That of the English is at once manly and hearty, and, though em he lished hy fancy, not exaggerated ; that of the Irish, extravagant, reckless, rollicking, and kind hearted; ivhile that of tho. Scotch, is sly, cold, quaint, practical, and s irctistio. ' The population of the Middle States,-in this pat ticular, reminds u stranger of the English; that of the West icsembles the Irish ; mid the Yankees bear a'still stro-iget affinity to ihe Scotch. Among the Amer- icans themselves the e distinctions nie not only well Understood and defined, but aie again subdivided, so as lo apply more par- ticularly to the individual States. " Each Jins a droll appellation, by which the character of its yeomanry, ns compos-d of their ability, generosity, or manliness on the one hand, and craft, economy, or ignorance of tha world on the other, is known and illustrated. Thus there ure the honsiers of indian-.!, the suckers of Illi- nois, the pukes of Missouri, the buckeyes oft'hiOjthe red-horses of Kentucky,' the mud-heads of Tenossee, the wolverines of Michigan, the eels of New England, and the corn-crackers of Virginia. Of the former New lingland and its neighbours are pre-eminent. The liuid discipline and cold, gloomy tenets of tlie Puritans required and enforced a grave demeanour and an nbsenee from all public nnd private amusements, while a sterile and ungrateful soil, demanded all the in- dustry and required all the energy of the. people to ensure a comfortable suppôt t. Similnr causes produce a like r.esult in Scot Itind. Hence the striking resemblance in the humour of the two people. But though the rion-cotiformisf, fathers con- ti oiled nmlmodilied ihe miitli of the heart, they could not repress it. .Nature is more powerful than conventional regulations, and it suon indemnified itself in the indul- gence of a smile for the prohibition of unseemly laughter. Ilyproeiisy is short- lived : " Yera redit fnoifl?, dissimuluta peret." Tho Puiitnns, as one of their descendants lins well observed, emigrated " that thev might have the privilege to work and pray, to sit upon hard benches, nnd to listen to painful preaching ns lotnr ns they could, even unto thirty- saventhly, if thu Spirit so willed it. Tlmy were not," he says, "plump, rosy- pilled Englishmen that came hither, but a hard-faced, atrabi- lious, earnest- eyed nice, stiff fruin long wrestling with the Lord in prayer, and who had taught Satan t _Puritan hug.'' Add two hundred ye.n-o' influence of soil, climate, and exposure, with its necessary result of'idiosyncrasies, and we have the present Yankee full of expedients, half muster of all trades, inventive in all but the beautiful, full of shifts, not yet capable of comfort, armed at all points «gainst the old enemy, hunger, longunitnous, good at patching, not so careful for what is best as for ti hut will do, with a clasp to his purse and a button to his pocket, not skilled to build against time, a« in old countries, but against sore-pressing need, aciu-itomed to move the world with no assistants hut his own two feet, and no lever hut his own Ion" forecast. A strange hybrid, indued, did circumstances beget here, in the New World, upon the old Puritan stock, and the earth never before saw such myslie practioa.isni, such niggnr i-geninlity, such ciileulntiiig fartalieisin, such east-iron en- thusiasm, such unwilling humour, such close- fisted generosity. 'Ibis new "Gra< culus esurient" will innke a living oui of anything, lie will invent new trades us we'll ns new tools. His blain is his capi- tal, and he will get éducation nt nil risks. Put lum on .luan Fernandez, and he will innke ii spellinu-book first, und u suif pan ufterwnrds. In colum Juterin, ibit, or the other way either; ii is all one so as any- thing is to be got by it. Yet. alter nil, thin, speculative Joiiullinn is moro like the Englishman of two centuries ago thnii John Bull himself is. Ho lins lost some- what iu solidity, has become Huent and adaptable, but more of the originnl ground- work of character remains. New England was most assuredly tin unpromising soil wherein to search for humour ; but, fortunately, that is a hardy and prolific plunt, and is to bo found in some of its infinite varieties in more or less ubuwhinco everywhere. . To the well-known appellation ot Yankees their Southern iriends have added, as we liav« seen, m reference to their remarkable pliability, the denomina- tion of " Eels." Their humour is not morely original, but it is clothed in quaint language. They brojjght with thean many words now obsolete and forgotten in Eng- land, to which they have added others de- rived from their intercourse with the Indians, their neighbours the French and Dutch, and their peculiar productions. Their pronunciation, perhaps, is not very dissimilar to fntherjp It is not easy to convey nu ade- quate idea of it on paper, but the fol- lowing observations muy render it very intelligible: "1. The chief peculiarity is a drawling pronunciation, ami sometimes accom- panied by speaking through the nose as eeud for end, dawj for do%, Gawd for God, Seo. 2. Before the sounds ow and ot>, they often insert a short i, which we will repre- sent by the y ; as kyoto for com, vyoio fur i>ou>, tyoo for ttvo, dyoo for do, &o.; 3\. 1 he genuino Yankee never gives the rough sound to the r when he can help it, mid often displays considerable ingenuity in avoiding it, even before a vowel. 4." Ile jeldom sounds the final g, a piece- of self denial, if we cons'der his "partiality "for nasals. The same may be snitl of the final d, ns Äff»' anti stan' ¿or hand anil stand. 5. /The h in such words as jo/n'Ze, iuhent whare he ouiils altogether. 6. In regard to the a he shows some inooii'istency, sometimes giving a close and obscure sound, as hcv (or have, he dil for hundy, ez for as, fiel for that ; and again giving it thebroad sound aa in father, us han&ome; for huniUome! 7. Au in suclrvvotds as daughter and daughter, he pronounces ah." Wholly unconstrained at first by con- ventional usages,, and almost beyond the rcahh of the law, the inhabitants of tho West indulged to the fullest extent their propensity for fun, frolic, aiid the vvi'd and exciting sports of the chase. Emigrants from the border «tate, they engrafted on the dialects of their nativo places exag- gerations and peculiarities of their own, until they acquired almost n new language, the most icmarkable feature of which is its amplification. Everything is superla- tive, awful, powerful, monstrous, dreadful, almighty, and all-fired. The tales ol' both West and South are writtea in the language of tho rural popu- lation, which difluí s ai much from the Yankee dialect as from that of the Cock- ney. The vocabulury of both is most copious. Some words owe their origin to circumstances and local productions, and have' thence been sprwid over the whole country, and adopted into general use; such as bdckwouds, breadstuff«, barrens, bottoms, cane-brake, cypress-brake, corn- broom, corn- shucking, clearing, deadening, diggings, dug-out, flats, husking, prairies, shingle, sawyer, salt-lick, savannah, snag. Metaphorical anti odd expressions often originated in' some curious anecdote or event, which wus transmitted by tradition, and soon mude the properly of all. ' Po- litical writers and stutnu speakers perform a prominent part ni the invention Wd diffusion of these phrases. '( Household Definitions.-Hone- the p'ace where children have their own way, and married men resort when they have i o where else to keep themselves. Wife the woman who is expected to purt-hase wil.hous means, and sew on buttons before they oonie oil'. Baby-the thing on notion nt of which its mother should never go to the opera, consequently need never have a new hat. Dinner-the ment which is expected ro be in exact readiness whenever the master of the house happens to be ho,no to eat it, whether at twelve or half-past three. Waihiny-day-the time when a woman can thiow a bioom at a thievish dog, or say " I won't," .without being thought cross. A Vamíeb.-A French traveller in the United Suites, sends the following unflat- tering tiketck to a Parisian journal: - " Pic ure to yourself, if you please, a lean figure, with bony wrists; feet with dimen- sions that would for ever tai nish the scutcheon of a «entl6inau ; a hat si tick upon the back of the head; straight hair; a cheek swollen, not by an ncuidentiil cold, but, from morning till niu.hr, by a lump of tobacco; lips stained yellow by the juice of the sume weed ; a black coat, with nar- row skirts; a tumbled shirt; the gloves of a gendarme; trouseisin liurinony willi the lest of the equipment, mid you-will have before vou the exoct portiait of a thorough-bred Yankee." '_ Tiru Äluj.i! an» the llonsiî.-When a mule innki'S up her mind to kick a rider off she genei ally does it. They aro far worse to sit upon than any horse, for they will turn round so quickly, using their hind logs as a pivot, that, unless a person is ni'ciiftoinetl lo waltzing, he is apt to tumble oil' with giddiness j very often they jump up and throw themselves | with such violence on the ground that they lire de the girths of the saddle, and free themselves in this manner of their ninsteis. liebeccn is, in some respects, the most cunning and vicious mule 1 ever saw, but for pacing and walking she is perfec- tion. Any mule can undergo twice as much as a horse, but when they combine the qualities of a good riding animal with their extiaordinnry povveis of endurance, one mile mule is worth six horses for an expedition of I his kind.-Cole's Ride over the Eoclty AJoimtai.is. A wau leoommends th.it when you aro walking on a lainy day and see a tall mini without an umbiella, you oller lum a shelter, and having " taken him in," hung your umbrella on hi'i hut, und clinging to the handle, swim? yourself clear of the mud. Ofuuuisohe will be too polite to iay anything about it. E.MAi'iiiu.i.ï 'iinuhVATu's Family Trek. \- Ab for my ftiiuiuoiley, its complete out of my power to s.iy what my distraction or filigiee might have bean. Whet her my grate grandfather caine in with Kuukyror, as the aiuckups says theirs did, or went with convides, is more than I can say. For the mutter of our famuierlcy tree, I don't think its part inkier probable we ever had one, seeing ns luther und mother lived in London nil their lives, and there weiuu't mithink but a paved yard at the back of our house, where the only thing ns ive could get to groo weie a crop of mustard anti crest off mother's old flannel petticoat. Tinrvo« to nu Kbmi-miiiîiu-u.-A hun- dred of coals is eighty pounds. A winnini of tim ty is two-and-twonty^ An eight penny cab fare is one-and-sixpeiiee. A butt of sherry is often a burrel of Mar- sala. Antidotu ron a Hasty Tbmpkba. kiENr.-If a mau tyi out of rcinpci, a good wife will beni willi bim until the cloud passes away, and a brighter lim izon p e scnts iiself; and then u little quiet reason- ing may b.if'el) be adopted, and tho result, in all probability, a calm reply, accom- panied in many instances, hy expressions of soiiow on the pirt ol' the conscious aggressor. Of course the same to be up plied in vice venu. Mrs Partington, rending the death of ii distinguished lawyer-, who was stilted to bo thu father of tlie Har, exclaimed, " Pour mun! he had a dreadful noisy set of chil- dren." Nothing was so in ti eli dreaded in our schoolboy days, as to be punished by i sitting between two girls. Ah ! the torco | of eduintion. In after years we learned to submit to such things without shedding ti tear. Why is a person approaching a candle like a mau getting ofi'uis horse ? Because he is going to a light* Kncoubauüment to Mabriaoe - In ihe parish of St Cyius, Forfnrshire, a fund is appropriated to enable the poor to get married. The principle *on which dhis, fund was established, and the manner in which it operates, may be explained ns follows :-Some years ago, Mr. Orr, late proprietor of Brighton, when out on an excursion with another gentlemun, hap- pened to meet a marriage party, a good many of whom were not so well dressed as under the circumstances was desirable. Air. Orr remarked that, doubtless, poor people had often much difficulty in making up their minds to get married, in conse- quence of their not having the means to provide the clothes suitable for the nuptials;, and ad ltd, that he would cer- tainly keep the fact in view when making his will, This he did, a clause to the fol- lowing effect having appealed in that document:--i hut £900 be invested in good security, the yearly interest of which tobe divided on new Christinas Day, by the minister of the established church of St Cyrus, inlo five prizes, to be, awarded tis follow-the youngest, the oldest, the tallest, and the shortest of the brides belonging to'f.he parish, married by the parish, minister during the yenr, to have u prize each ; the fifth "prize to be in- vested in tea and sugar, and presented to the deserving old inuids belonging to the same. The a«;cs of the various claimants had accordingly to be ascertained ; and on the 25th ultimo, the very interesting pro- co s of measuring the damsels took place at the Manse, in presence of the parish minister and other gentlemen. There was a good deal of anxiety manifested, as may be supposed, by the fair candidates ; and as each nymph was subjected to the gauge, the scene became particularly exciting. The result we give:-The tallest measure five feet six inches, the shortest five feet ; the youngest was twenty-three, and the oldest twenty-nine years of age. The prizes were then handed over to the blushing competitors ; after which they resumed their bonnets and boots.-Arbroath Guide. Louis Napoleon and his Depostations. It may be remembered that in the cooling down of the blood-heat of the first revolution in France the rapid guillotine was replaced by less energetic remedies for po lilicul heresy, 'j he Sastile, n ith i.s let/res de cachet, was an absnlete Cnpetian idea ;' the horrors of 93 it had become tl.e fashion to shudder at.; and (he Directory eventually pitched upon a plan of inflict- ing the torture of protiacted death, with- out involving any objectionable traits. The plan consisted in the transportation of all political offenders to the equatorial regions of Guinnu, and it is a paitial sat- isfaction to know thnt members of the Directoiy itself were among the earlier victims of the infernal device This colony of Cayenne is a narrow strip of land, inconspicuous on otdintny maps, crowded inupouthcensternshore ol'South America. The face -of this territory is made up of low dalk marshes, where immense masses of rotting vegetation send up perpetual pestilence, making the life of the foreign- er a life of intolerable suffering, and 'death the .easiest and most desirable of earthly good. It is out of tlni question for I1 uropeans to exist in the malaria. Turn to the narrative of those of the Di- rectory who were deported thither in 1795, and no help will be needed from the imagination to aggravate the horrors of the place. To this realm of death Louis Bonaparte has sent 2500 Frenchmen. They have lind no li ¡al-their offences are the subject of conjecture. Political agi- tation ; mi inchoute, but impracticable thought of doing whnt the President did himself, and that violently, on December 2nd, is presumed lo be one ground of ba- nishment; another is the necessity of placing ut a distance nil whose public spi- rit or peisonal and menul weight might at any time conflict with the development of the usurper's ultimate designs. And upon these pretexts, triuit-pa ently selfidi ns they aie, this army of his liberty-loving countrymen U subjected to the penalty «d' death long drawn out ,Q), and the fate from which all human- beings shrink most instinctively-a' death fur from home, country, and friends. The deportation has simply this purport, lind it been desir- able that tlie victims should ever again revisit tneir native shores, another of the many Colonies of France would have been selected ns their temporary abiding place. By this act, then, the new autocrat ot France has classified himself with the Austrian and Neapolitan genus of royalty. Ile takes his place cheerfully in a cate- gory upon which the united execrations of humanity are poured out.- If Europe hud not been so recently aroused by the cruellies of Ferdinand II, and if the fume of ilayuau and Radelzsky had been less inodorous, we should be less startled by finding the Frenchmen voluntarily in such company. As it is, the world can no longer permit the pretence of patriot- ism to justify the act of December 2nd. This deportation gives character to the covp d'et'jt, proving it to be the dictate of a reckless personal ambition. It is doubt- ful whether a coup d'etat on the pa't of the "Reds" would have buen ma'ked by any equivalent act of ferocity. -Kew York Daily Times. Tit , for. Tat.-A cnimney-sweeper's buy wont into a tinker's shop for. a two- penny loaf, and, conceiving it to be dimi- nutive in size, remurked to the baker that he did not believe it was weight. "Viever iu'ui'1 that," said tlie mnn of dough, " you will have the less to carry.'" "Very true," icplied the lad, mid, throwing tnreuhalf penoe on tho counter, left the shop. 'Hie baker cnlie>i after him that he had not left money enough. "Never minti that,'' said young sooty, " you will have tho less to count." " ¡Vin." and EaQ."-So universally cour- teous are wo become in styling every one Esquire, that it would bo well if men would reject Mr and Esquire altogether, and simply adopt the christian and sur- names, as Quakers do. A large and edu- cated landowner would write to a scientific friend only in this way. On being asked if ho had turned Quaker, ho replied, "No ; every Tom Nobody is now Mr or Esquire ; my ploughmen und carters are misters, unit my uailiff esquite ; and bhould I reduce my ii ¡end toa level with them ? I\o, his name is the best title he can have." Economical Travelling -A corres ponuent ol the Dublin Wunlcr infoims us, that in his neighbourhood they mo onjoy in<» " Mighty mile weather, ¡ilory be to Heaven," lor out-o'-door exercise. "The roads are in fine ordher for enablin' a man to indulge in that fine, f'ree-nnd-aisy and indepindtnt way ot o' travellin' known by iinsiniit and economical tourist», us .irish Tunilem,' nnd thriinslatcd nil the world over into ' one leg befor the other !' None o' yer breakin down o' çlinisi-t-, or blow in' un ol' illginup, or rovvliu' off the line, in that case; but a little candle grease and sperrits to the souls o' yer feet uoin' to bed, with «i reasonable poilion o' the lntther ingrnydieiit tin own inside, on the counihetiictiii' principle; and if yu not ns fresh as n countliry post-boy in the ntorniii' Dr. Air Hide's takin' tay with the Bishop ol'Exeter this evenin' !" A fellow coming out of n tavorn one frosty morning, rather top-heavy, fell on the door-step. Ti j ¡ng to regain his foot- ing, ho remarked, . If it be tine that the wicked stand on slippery places, I must belong to a different class, for it's more thau 1 can do.' Belief of t/ib Australian Tuuies. Neither at Cape York," nor in any of the ¡stands of Torres Strait, so far as I am aware, do the aborigines appear to have formed an idea of the existence of a au-' preme Being. Tho absence of this belief may appear questionable, but my inform- ant, fai'om, spoke quite'decidedly upon this point, having frequently made it ihe subject of conversation with theKowraregn blacks.^ The singular belief in the trans- migration of souls, which is general among the whole of the Australian tribes, so fur as known, also extends to the islands of Torres Strait. The people holding it mulgine that, immediately afier death, they ure changed into white people or Euro- peans, and as such pass into the second and final period of their existence; nor is it. any part of this creed that future rewards and punishments are awarded. It may readily be imagined that when igno ant and supeistitious savage tribes, such as those under consideration, were first visited by Europeans, it was natural for them to look with wonder upon beings so strangely différent from themselves, and so infinitely superior in the powers confer- red by civilization, and to ns ociate so much thal, was wonderful with the idea of supernatural agency.' At Darnley Irinnd, the Prince of Wales Island, and Cnpe_ York, tim word used to signify a white man also means ghost. The Cape Yorlfc people went so far as to recognize in several of our oflioers and others in the ship, the ghosts of departed friends to whom they might have borne some fancied resemblance, and, in consequence, under new names of Tainu, Tarka, &c.; they wera claimed as relations, and entitled to all the privileges of- such. Among many super- stitions held by the Prince of Wales islanders, they are much afraid of'shoot- ing stars, believing them to be ghosts which in breaking up produce young ones of their own kind. Afier snee-zing, they make violent gestures with the hands nnd arms; if a joint cracks, they imagine that some one is speaking of thom or wishing them well in the (Iii cet ion in which the tirju is pointing. The only tradition which I heard of occurs among the Kowraregas, and is worth mentioning for its singlarity. The first man created was a great giant named Adi, who, while fishing off Ham- mond Island, was caught- by the rising tide and drowned, Hammond Hock spring- ing up immediately to mark the spot. His wives, who were watching him al (he time, resolved to drown themselves, and were changed into some dry rocks upon an adjacent reef named after them, Ipile, or the wives.- Voyage of II. Jil, S. liuttle snahe. Yahkkb SrEni». - An Englishman, boasting ol' the superiority of the horses in his country,'mentioned that the cele- brated Eclipse had run a mile in n mi- nute. "My goad fellow ! " exclaimed an American present, ".that is rather less than the uveï'age rate of our common roadsters. I live at my country-seat, near Philadelphia, and when 1 ride in n hurry to town of a morning, my own sha- dow can't keep un with me, but generally comes into the counting house lo find mc, from a minute to a minuto and a half after roy arrival. One morning the beast was restless, and 1 rode him as hard as I possibly could several times "round a large field, just to take the old Harry out of him. Well, sir, he went so fast that the whole time I saw my back directly before me, and was twice in danger of riding over myself I" An old liquor drinker, who had been patronizing one diitiking-Iiouse for the hist eight ycais, guve this as his reason fur joining the Sons of temperance, in the presence of several persons. "There," said lie, pointing lo the saloon, " is a drinkin' establishment that 1 have been trying to drink out these eight ycais, and finding it impossible, have concluded to withdraw from the field, and try Lake Michigan.' Timkly Päepaiiation*-" John," said an ungry purent to his son, who had com- mitted u misdeed, "John, go to the next room and pi epate yourself for a severe flogging." 'Hie boy departed, and when his paient had ti nit lied the letter he was wi ¡ting, nnd sought the offending youth, he was surprised at the swollen appearance of the young rascal's back. " \\\ hit does this mentir"' he asked; "what is on your back?"-"A leal her apron," replied John, " three doub e. You told me to prépaie . myself fur a hard flogging, and I did the best i could!" The hard-set features of the father's countenance relaxed, tis also did the muscles of the hand which grasped the whip, and he let John off, " for that once," with a gentle admonition. A REMAttKA'tiLB Day.-The 14th of April will always be reniai kable us the day when the Luminous repealed the Win- dow Tax ; though tlie House did not take this pleasing duty upon itself without put- ting a less plenstng duty upon all other houses. Which is the smallest bridge in the worlll?-The Bridge ot jour A ose. ijakty Distinctions.-"Party" is des- cribed to be " the madness of manv for the gain of a few." The definition applies more particularly to a dinner party, which is certainly a madness with n large class of pi opie; but we never could find out thnt it was ti gain to anybody, with the wteep ti n' perhaps of the pastry-cook who sup- plied the dinner. Philosophers say that shutting the eyes" makes the sense ol hearing more acute. A .ag suggests that this accounts for the many closed eyes which ure seen in our churches every Sunday. There is a grocer up-town, who is said to be so menu lhat he was seen to catch a Hy off his counter, hold him up.hy his hind lees, and look into thecrucks of his feet, to see if he hadn't been stealing some of his sugar. '1 he silence of a person who loves to praise is a censure sufficiently severe. How often we beni the harsh expression, " ngoud-naluied fool !''-as it the milk of human kindness was always adulterated like our common milk in London- with calve»' brains. If a man reap "whatsoever he soiveth," what a harvest of coats '.and breeches the tailors will have one of these days ! A gentleman having been jilted by his lady-love revenges himself by serenading her every uight with a trombone. "I know by a Iii tie whut a great deal means," as the gander said when he saw the tip ol' a fox's tail sticking out of u hollow tree. Every on« is nt least in one thing, against Ids will, original-iu his manner of sneezing. Woman's silence, although it is less fro queni, signifies much more thuti a man's. An Anti-Bi.oombriti4.-There was nn old farmer who kept a large poultry yaid, and had one hen, which, not content with her pi oper sphere of action, was continu- ally endeavouring to crow. At last after repented attempts, slio succeeded in making a very respectable ciow. The fanner was tii'king Jim broiiklast at the time of the vlct ry, but healing the noise, rose und went out,' II' soon returned bouring in his hand the crowing hen, minus her head. " There,' siid he "I'm willing hens should do most anything, but I ain't willing they should crow. Cocks may crow as much as they please, but hens shall not ; it's setting a bad example." 