LITERATURE. [From the Daily News.] "Bleak House" By Charles Dickens. To be completed in 20 Numbers. No. 1. Bradbury and Evans. A new work by Charles Dickens is, to his legions of admirers, a new sensation. Their previous ex- periences tell them that although the master has— as all great masters must have — his literary indivi- duality or manner yet, with every new novel, some unanticipated and startling phase of that manner will present itself:—Characters new to Art but old and familiar to close observers of Nature ; scenes pictured so vividly, that the print, insensibly fading away, realities which it paints marshalled in its place before the reader's imagination ; sentiments welded into our convictions by sound reasoning and eloquence not the less lofty because sparkling with epigrams ; humour, broad, quaint, and unexpected, never inapt, seldom forced, and always dashed in on the side of Truth and Goodness. The novelty of Dickens's last work, " David Cop- perfield," was its autobiographical character. The successive thoughts, feelings, and modes of express- ing them, of the boy, the youth, and then of the young man stepping over the threshold of what is called " life," of a young husband ; and, lastly, of a sturdy warrior with the world, were so perfectly simulated, that the public settled without doubt or hesitation that " David Copperfield " is another name for Charles Dickens. Perhaps there will be a little wavering of this opinion, after a few numbers of " Bleak House " have appeared ; for, if the author go on as he has began, it will be found that he has pourtrayed in the first person with equal truth, mi- nuteness—and, necessarily, with greater delicacy and refinement—the character, inmost sentiments, and thoughts of a woman. The heroine of " Bleak House" tells (like " David Copperfield ") her own history—so simply, so art- lessly, so girlishly, that no one but a woman who possessed the skill to picture her own mental progress and early history—or Charles Dickens—could have written it. Thus it is that THE HEROINE COMMENCES HER HISTORY. I have a great deal of difficulty in beginning to write my portion of these pages, for I know I am not clever. I always knew that. I can remember, when I was a very little girl indeed, I used to say to my doll, when we were alone to gether, " Now, Dolly, I am not clever, you know very well, and you must be patient with me, like a dear!' And so she used to sit propped up in a great arm chair, with her beautiful complexion and rosy lips, staring at me—or not so much at me, I think, as at nothing—while I busily stitched away, and told her every one of my secrets. My dear old doll ! I was such a shy little thing that I seldom dared to open my lips, and never dared to open my heart, to anybody else. It almost makes me cry to think what a relief it used to be to me, when I came home from school of a day, to run upstairs to my room, and say, " O you dear faithful Dolly, I knew you would be expecting me !" and then to sit down on the floor, leaning on the elbow of her great chair, and tell her all I had noticed since we parted. I had always rather a noticing way—not a quick way, O no !—a silent way of noticing what passed before me, and thinking I should like to understand it better. I have not by any means a quick understanding. When I love a person very tenderly indeed, it seems to brighten. But even that may be my vanity. I was brought up, from my earliest remembrance—like some of the princesses in the fairy stories, only I was not charming—by my godmother. At least I only knew her as such. She was a good, good woman ! She went to church three times every Sunday, and to morning prayers on Wednesdays and Fridays, and to lectures whenever there were lectures ; and never missed. She was handsome ; and if she had ever smiled, would have been (I used to think) like an angel—but she never smiled. She was always grave, and strict. She was so very good herself, I thought, that the badness of other people made her frown all her life. I felt so different from her, even making every allowance for the differences between a child and a woman; I felt so poor, so trifling, and so far off ; that I never could be un- restrained with her—no, could never even love her as I wished. It made me very sorry to consider how good she was, and how unworthy of her I was ; and I used ar- dently to hope that I might have a better heart : and I talked it over very often with the dear old doll ; but I never loved my godmother as I ought to have loved her, and as I felt I must have loved her if I had been a better girl. This made me, I dare say, more timid and retiring than I naturally was, and cast me upon Dolly as the only friend with whom I felt at ease. But something hap- pened when I was still quite a little thing, that helped it very much. I had never heard my mamma spoken of. I had never heard of my papa either, but I felt more interested about my mamma. I had never worn a black frock, that I could recollect. I had never been shown my mamma's grave. I had never been told where it was. Yet I had never been taught to pray for any relation but my godmother. I had more than once approached this subject of my thoughts with Mrs. Rachael, our only servant, who took my light away when I was in bed (another very good woman, but austere to me), and she had only said ' Esther, good night !' and gone away and left me. Although there were seven girls at the neighbouring school where I was a day boarder, and although they called me little Esther Summerson, I knew none of them at home. All of them were older than I, to be sure, (I was the youngest there by a good deal), but there seemed to be some other separation between us besides that, and besides their being far more clever than I was, and knowing much more than I did. One of them, in the first week of my going to school (I remember it very well), invited me home to a little party, to my great joy. But my godmother wrote a stiff letter declining for me, and I never went. I never went out at all. It was my birthday. There were holidays at school on other birthdays — none on mine. There were rejoicings at home on other birthdays, as I knew from what I heard the girls relate to one another—there were none on mine : my birthday was the most melancholy day at home in the whole year. This opening passage puts a reader of ordinary perception, and with average imaginative power, in thorough rapport with the heroine. He loses the actual author in the assumed authoress. The traits of development which succeed in this early portion of the story expand the first idea of Esther Sum- merson; but neither add to nor alter it. All (and there is an unusually great progress of story in this first number) she says and does, and everything that happens to her you expect from her, and of her, just as Partridge expected Hamlet to be frightened when he saw the Ghost. The circumstances, for in- stance, attending her leave taking at school are so natural, that no others than those actually narrated could, apparently, have taken place. (To be continued.) The Separation Movement at North Adelaide. —An adjourned meeting was to have been held last evening at the Queen's Head, North Adelaide, to receive and adopt memorials to His Excellency and the Legislative Council, on the subject of the severance of Robe Ward from its pre- sent connection with the Municipal Corporation of Adelaide. The intended meeting did not take place in consequence, as was stated to our reporter, of a neglect to comply with a resolution at the last meeting, to the effect that notice of such intended meeting should be given by placard three days previously. The meeting will take place to-morrow evening, at 7 o'clock. Liverpool and the Australian "Diggings."— Owing to the recent discoveries in the auriferous districts of Australia the passenger traffic from Liverpool to the ports of Sydney and Melbourne has increased considerably, and bids fair to be a profitable source of income to the Liver- pool shipowners. A number of large Bailing vessels which have latte ly been comparatively idle are now in the various graving docks, undergoing repairs and alterations, with a view of being used for the Australian passenger traffic ser- vice. At present emigrants arrive in Liverpool more quickly than they are carried out, in consequence of the number of ships being less than the demand requires. A ve?sel wil sail on the 18th with upwards of 600 emigrants from the Government Depot at Birkenhead. The Gold fever is affecting persons in respectable positions of life at Liverpool, and many are prepari?g to bid adieu, to that p??t.— Daily News May 14. 