EEVIETV. Substance of a Reply to a Deputation appointed at a Pubiic Meeting of Members of the Church of England, held in tialiart Town, on 1/iws day, 22nd April. 1852. By Francis Rus sell Nixon, D.D.. Bishop of Tasmania. (Continued from page 553 J You are not ignorant, tlmt the belief which I entertnin, respecting the Holy Sacrament of Bnptism, has been spoken of as contrary to that of the Reformers, and of the Church of England generally. Vou know also, that a Clergyman in this Diocese has alluded to this belief as ' ray own views' on the subject, as though they ivcie peculiar to myself f a fancy of my own in short ;— and has declared that these views are' identified with the Romanizing party in England.' And is then, the ancient belief of the Church of Christ, that all infants, rightly baptized, are ' regenerate,' (in the Church's sense of the word), hostile to the doctrine laid down by the Anglican tefonners on this subject? Nay; aclose search into their writings will prove, that, as a body, they were too well read iu the theology, and too observant of the ' mind and purpose or the old fathers' of the Church, to gniusay this belief, or to leave it an ?' open question.' —Is it foreign to that of the Church of England generally ? I do not pause to recapitulate the testimony borne by a host of divines to the legitimate intrepretation of the Prayer-hook on this point .? it is too well known to every (even moderately read) theologian, tobecomereqiiisite. — Is it a novel dogma ? a private opinion ? It may, with equal justice, be said, that the doctrine of the Trinity is a novel or o private opinion. Is it Romanizing 1 Strange, that its staunchcrt advocates, in times past, should also have been amongst the most approved defenders of the Church of England against the claims of Rome. But the fact is indisputable, that this belief was in accordance with the interpretation put upon the plain language of the Liturgy, on the Sacrament of Baptism, at times nearer to its compilation ; when the intentions of its Cramers weic more distinctly recognized, and when the imputation had not been cast upon them, that what they stated as a fact, they only meant to be regarded as a possibility. It would weary you to quote' nt length from tl.e works of the theologians of that duy, who wrote as though there could be no question but that the language of the Church, as set forth in her formularies, was not so studiously framed as to be capable cif a double meaning ; but that it was to be taken in its plain and ordinary acceptation. They all spoke substantially the sentiments of Martin Luther : — ' Baptism cannot fail to effect that for which it was appointed, namely, — regeneration and spiritual renewal, as Kt Paul teaches in the third chapter to Titus.' (Horn, de Baptismo. But there is a remarkable evidence to this fact in the records of the 1 7th century. Iu the Savoy Conference, held iu the year 1661, when the puritan divines were invited to lay before the Commissioners Die sum of their complaints against the Book of Common Prayer,— they demurred, amongst other things, to the docttine of baptismal regeneration and confirmation services. I give the exceptions in their own words : PRAYER BOOK. EXCEPTIONS. ' That it bath pleased ' We cannot in faith ' Thee to regenerate this ' eny, every child tlmt ii ' infant with Thy Holy ?? baptised i6 regenerated ' Spirit.' 'byGod'ullolySpint. At ' least, it is a disputable ' poiut ; and therefore ' we desire it may be ' otherwise expressed.' In their estimation, then, there was no doubt os to the sense tvliicli tbe words were intended to convey. They understood them, in connexion with the whole service in which they occur, as declaring that every child that in baptized is regenerated by God's Holy Spirit ; and there fore they objected to their retention in the Liturgy. But, hnd the Church spoken any language intentionally doubtful upon the sub ject, what an admirable opportunity it would have been for the respondents to have told the objectors, that they were entirely mistaken as to the tueamng of the words ; that the Church never intended to declare that all infants rightly baptized were, therefore, regenerated ; that she purposely framed her Liturgy and ber articles so as to leave this an ' open question ;' that her wards were to be interpreted charitably, hypothetically, hopefully (as the modern phrase is); and that, in consequence, they need not be altered. They were too honest to disavow what they knew to be the Church's teaching, in order to secure an apparent conformity, or a hollow peace ; too straightforward to explnin away her language, in order to suit a purpose. Their answer was, 'Seeing that God's Sncratnents have their effects, when the receiver dotli not, pontrc obicem, put any bar against them (which children cannot), we may say, in faith, of every child that is baptized, that it is regenerated by God's Holy Spirit; and the denial of it tends to annbaptism, and the contempt of this Holy Sacrament, as nothing worthy nor material, whether it be administered to children or no. (Cardwell's Conferences, 325, 356.; Another exception was taken to the second prayer before bnptism, that the infant ' may re ceive remission of sins by spirit iml regenera tion.' ' This expression,' objected the puri tans, ' seeming inconvenient, we desire it may be changed into this, — ? May be regenerated, and receive the remission of sins.1 ' Die Bishop's answer was, that the passage objected to was ' most proper ; for baptism is our spiritual regeneration. St. John iii., ' Unless a man be born again of .water and the Spirit,' &c;, &c.; By this is received remission of sins. Acts ii., 3, 'Repent, and be baptised every one of you, for the remission of sins.' So the Creed, ' On baptism for the remission of sins.' ' (lb., 324, 356.) Once more: The office for con- Tbe exception taken firmation says ; 'Wiio was. ' This supposeth ' hath vouchsafed to ro- 'that all tho children *' generate these thygor- *' who are brought to bo ' vants by water and tlio 'confirmed have tbe ' Holy Ghost, and hast ' spirit of Christ, and 'given unto them the 'the forgiveness of all ?' forgiveness of all their 'their sirs; — whereas ' sins.' ' great numbers of chil ?' dren nt that nge, lmv ' ing committed many 'sins sinco their bap 'tism, do show no evi dence or serious re pentance, or of any ?'special saving grace; ' and, therefore, this ' confirmation, if ad ' ministered to such, ' would be a perilous and 11 gross abuse.' Again the Bishops maintain the literal in terpretation of the Church's words ; again they stand stedfastly by the simple grammatical meaning, without resorting to any non-natural interpretation as their refuge. Their answer is, ' it supposeth, and that truly, — that all children were st their baptism regenerate by wa'er and the Holy Ghost, and had given unto them the forgiveness of all their gins ; and it is charitably presumed, thnt, notwithstanding the frailties and slips of their childhood, they have not totally lust what was in baptism con ferred upon them.'* I need hardly tell you, that, with these old fashioned opinions I do most heartily concur, believing them to express the true doctrine of the Church of England, and knowing them to set forth the orthodox faith of the Church of Chiist for the first fifteen centuries of its ex istence. Yet these opinions ore charged by Dr. Fry with being: ' identified with the Romanizing party in England;' the opinions, that is, of such men as Sheldon, Cosin, Sanderson, flcylin, Pern son, Sparrow, Thorndike, — for these nre amongst the list of divines who took part in that memorable Conference. You will pardon me, if, even were other testimonies silent, I should entertain a higher estimate of the the ology of such men as these; than of your pub lic meeting, or of the Protestant Association. But testimonies of a later day to tbe exist ence of the self-same truth are not wanting ; — John Wesley was no Romanizer when he said ' It is certain, our Church supposed that all who are baptized in their infancy are, at the same time, born again : and it is allowed, that the whole office of baptism for infants pro ceeds upon this supposition.' (Sermon on the New Birth.) Simeon was uo Tract arian when he wote thus : — ' In the baptismal service, we thank God for having regenerated the baptized infant by His Holy Spirit. Now from hence it appears, that, in the opinion of our Reformers, regeneration and remission of sins did accompany baptism. But in what sense did they hold this sentiment ? Did they maintain that there was no need for the seed then sown in the heart of the baptized person to grow up and bring forth fruit ; or that he could be saved in any other way tlian by a pro gressive renovation of his soul after the divine image ? Hnd they asserted any such doctrine as that, it would have been imposssiblc for any enlightened person to concur with them. But nothing can be conceived more repugim.it to their sentiments than such an idea as this ; so far from harbouring such a thought, they have, and that too iu this very prayer, taught us to look to G'od for that total change both of heart and life which long since ihtir days has begun to be expressed by the term regeneration. After thanking God for regenerating tbe infant by His Holy Spirit, we are taught to pray, that he being dead unto sin and living unto righteousness, may crucify the old man, and utterly abolish the whole body of sin. And then, declaring the total change to be the necessary mean of his obtaining snlvation, we add, ' so that finally, with the residue of the Holy Church, he may be an inheritor of thine everlasting kingdom.' Is there (I would ask) any person that can require more than this? Or does God in 11 is word require more?' (Simeon's Works.) Even a scceder from our Church to the ranks of dissent has borne a corresponding, though, it may be, an unwilling testimony. Mr. Baptist Noel, in his volume on the Union of Church and State, declares, ' 1 once laboured to convince myself that out reformers did not, and could not, mean, that infants are regenerated by baptism i but no reasoning avails. 'Lhis language is too plain. Although the Catechism declares that repentance and faith are pre requisites to baptism, yet the Prayer-book assumes clearlv, that both adults and infants come to the font unregenemte, and leave it regenerate: that worthy recipients of baptism are not regenerate befoie baptism, but come to be regenerated ; that they arc pardoned the moment after.' Ibid, ' If,' then, writes one of the soundest theo logians of the present day, ' the words of the English Church in the English Prayer-book are not to be understood in their plain, simple, literal English sense; if, when she s»ys, ? See ing, dearly beloved, this child is now regene rate,' she is not to be understood to mean that the child is regenerate ; then, doubt, suspicion, and scepticism will lurk beneath her altars, and steal into the most solemn mysteries of re ligion. Then, faith in subscriptions to Articles will be no more ; and all confidence in her teaching and in that of her ministers will be destroyed. And so a grievous penalty will be inflicted on her and them ; a heavy injury will be sustained by her people, and the English name and nation will sink low in the scale of honesty, sincerity, and truth. (Wordsworth's Occasional Sermons.) 1« it 6ound argument, then, to say, that I adopt Rumnnising views, if 1 too speak thus the sober language of the Church of England,— refuse to admit, that the compilers of our Liturgy were so double-minded in their dis honesty, as to say what they did not intend 1 to assert categorically, what they meant hypo thetically? And if, in the exercise of the solemn office of commissioning a younger brother in the faith to preach the Gospel as the Church of England has interpreted it, I decline to have my discretion circumscribed within those limits that your public meeting desiiesto prescribe,— if I declare, that neither fear, nor obloquy, nor opposition, shall turn me one step from, in my conscience, I believe to be my duly to the Church of England,— and if, in this, 1 do no more than tread in the steps of those who have hitherto been regarded as the giants in English theology,— am I to be charged with exceeding my lawful povms as r Bishop of the Church of Christ ? (To be continued.) * The principle that guided the Episcopalian Divines in t heir rejection of these and other 'ex ccptions' may lie Uest understood by a reference to the following words in the preface to the Prayer book, drawn up after the Savoy Conference, by (as is generally supposed) bishop Sanderson. ' Of the sundry alterations,' it is there raid, 'proposed unto us, we have rejected all such as were either of dangerous conboquencu, (us tecretly striking at 6omo established doctrine or laudjblo practice of the Church of England, or, indeed, of tho whole Catholic Church of Christ, or else of no conso quence at all, but utterly frivolous and vain.' Ib S2S, SSS. 