ENGLISH EXTRACTS. FRANCE. (From the Times Correspondent, June 28 J Paris, Monday Evening? > Tun Corps Legislatif Yali to-day its last Wzft under the presidency of M. Bidault. at the adoption of the procès-teron/, thcdiscusU opened on a bill relative to the exchange of £1 hotel of the Minister of Foreign Affairs by that of Marshal Sebastiani, and the opener J a credit of 700 000. to purchase the M Castellane, which is contiguous to the Filth of the Elysee. The committee to which a bill was referred admitted the utility of M annexation of those hotels to the Fijis?, H did not consider it advantageous to disband for the Hotel Sebastiani, which is only via I GOODOOGA. or 700,000., the Hotel of the Forth 1 Office, which is estimated at 3,OflO,O00f. ¿ 1 4,000 000f. The committee agreed to grass ! the Ministry a sufficient sum to purchase til I two hotels, and to that effect consented I allow a credit of 1,400,0001. The project tha j amended was put from the chair, and adopt! by the 168 members present. The Aisrabh] I afterwards voted with the same unanimity ( , bill authorising the Duke of Beltana to alter ; a portion of his majority, and by 18-5 to 2 (a bill empowering the Government to concede the projected canal of Carpentras to a cold penny. Several other bills ofmerelocalinteiesí I were afterwards disposed of. During the deliberation, M. Edgar Ney, Aide-de-camp of the President of the Republic, dressed in a full uniform of Colonel of Hussars, entered in hall, preceded by the officers of the term i and handed a sealed parcel to M. lMiadi ' He then retired, when the Assembly resumes 1 the discussion on the budget of receipts, in several articles of which were put from lil ' chair and adopted. The amount of theatres stands fixed as follows: Expenditure. 1,493.000,00«. ' Receipts. 1,469,000,0001 Deficit. 34 OO.OOO. The budget was subsequently adopted t¡ 214 to 1. M.Bonierdel'Eclusethendemandti leave to print the speech be had deiimS during the discussion on the Paris and Cia Railway Bill, which was granted. A M. Bidault next informed the Army) that he had received a message from the Pres dent of the Republic. It was as follows: " Klysco National, June 28th Ki " Gentlemen At the moment of the dose of the n idea or 1856', I have to return you my thanks for loyal co-operation and support you have given to cj now institutions. You have known how to IM ii is the most dangerous amongst assembled many being carried on day by esprit de corfu and, all NKVD bility Illili inside, you have occupied yomwlwa into a great interest of the country, feeling that two Vi* impassioned and sterile discourses had passed away, a that of business had arrived. The application of a new system always aims ilidlrulUc«; you have had your share of them- a. nation had seemed to be wanting at your ears in years, you have understood that the desire of aimiH the term of my dictatorship and my and ety to nil r around me had been; the cause of it, Its separate Government of the time necessary for the prepares" the laws which were to be submitted It was- " natural consequence of that exceptional s t to if (W was the accumulation of business at the closed few sion. Nevertheless, the first trial of a Cost to completely of' French origin, must have amma it that we possessed the conditions of a stone It government. The Government is no JT#r JT. 2 Butt against which thcvariousOppositlonidirtfdtW shafts with impunity. It can resist a shaft henceforth follow a system without hands yes I either to arbitrary rule or to duplicity. Oa Ms I hand, the control of the Assembly is real, for flower is free, and the voting of the *»<«*»<"*, As to the imperfections whicuemene^hu^ our common love for the public goodwill says to diminish their inconvenience, until the SAMS -I have pronounced its opinion. n,»t,!lz( During the interval of the recess I shall MM efforts to find out what are the »«al«»'»'O to prepare the projects which may permit <<*»» the burdens of the State without detriment to the F " On your return to your duties I he was a result of our labours, and the genera «We«,'«^» the message that the Constitution obligation to use to you every year. A ¡¿#i On returning to your department, to We echoes of the sentiment that P^0E',"^J,"i'!ltsiSii dence in reconciliation and peace. To 'assess that in Paris, the heart of Tunic, th>itKJ«»¿ ^ centre which scatters over the world »TT*"1¡BW connngration, you have */»'»* & labouring to efface the traces of *T>u»"jHi» A applying themselves to industry will J«"«*^ ^ future. Those who in recently, in the "S, rX impatient of all restraint, you have 'some" 30 acclamation the restoration of our eagles, IN JJ authority and of glory. "H-IT stock' At that imposing spectacle, cross ". ,, with her benediction a greatcoat local W"J 5, remarked their respectful attitude. }°*°*\w a proud army which has saved its «"«"7 roller is, in the esteem of men, and kneeling on a" reef the image of God, presented from the tan Ultimo meaning of this is, that it was sad Government animated with the faithful good, which reposes on the people, the «"»J ^ -on the army, the source of all forces the source of all justice. though. A Receive the assurance of my ""^gyiWlRV The reading of this ^umV¡^¿d interrupted by marks of apP«*»"M. J conclusion elicited loud cries of "s a dent.'" "in it The sitting was afterwiribi«ffj enable the Bureau to prepare w OF JJ for immediate publication, in a half an hour the President resumed ( and. after the reading and »W,^ process verbal, he declared the sessw,.[( s, and the members separated, erring,, President!" " Vite Lotus fantasia Little or no improvement has test the commerce of Paris force was j unsettled weather still d"°°M*t0 the RA and is particularly unfavourable . the manufacturers find employment ?' Lr hands in preparing articles for the fZMm country fairs, or in executing a exportation The accounts from the horrid districts are almost exclusively to with the damage done by the wet and raining weather which has so long pre- failed KTuvIted lands near the banks of the BI "X Rhone, the Loire, the Allies, and 61 in her streams, are covered with water. of To districts the wheat is " laid, and is where it has been more or less injured 86 the farmers hope that should the weather Pass less unfavourable, even now a fair sales 'run of wheat may be counted on S" «nectatio 1 has prevented any sudden rise from market The following are the * (tans from the last Pans market note - Keniff 'Oc to me the hectolitre and SÄf go to lOf , barley, 12f 50c "iV oats 186 50c to21f the three heats ,WJ* outside the walls Hour is heavy of Wftom 40f to55t for the sack of 159 ft -s Advices from Toulon, of the SXst are to the effect that the farmers had Curtin to reap wheat in that neighbourhood C most recent accounts from the wine JUN districts are of the 25th At that time Kwis a rise in price in several districts ifrhateBuroux the wines of Essendon were A;affrom 30s to 38s the hogshead That Allen a? and Selles at from 40 to 45 ft Mere ordinary advance has been sold at 4'. ... Mr J, THElma of last. year s growth at Wines of the Rhone of last year's growth lecture at Ch steamers for 25s and 70s the It This intelligence has had some effect at 4\. wine market of Mercy, and it is remarked Spbrokers are endeavouring to ascertain the Lutyens are still unsold The consign- ants moreover, have materially diminished within the last few days Letters from the department of the North state that the beet root crop in that province "raises a most productive return P Accours¡from Dunkirk of the 26th Inst mention that six English fis' tug- boats had been brought into port by the French steamer, the Phenix, for having been found within French MM de Bnngnnn, Dieuzaide, Dupresse, Betes Carbonneau, de Puymeril, and Barad'a de Belmont, members of the Council General of the Gers, have refused to take the oaths to the constitution undersigned M deLabroise, representative in the late Legislative Assembly and member of the Municipal Council of Laval May came, mci M Bella\aud, member of the Consul General of the Charente, have also resigned I am assured that since I last alluded to the ' fusion all that has been done his turned out useless, and that the question is still unsettled It appears that some new complication has arisen, but whether owing to domestic or to foreign causes is not so clearly stated Ihopcm day or two to learn some particulars The following are some of the principal credits granted in the Budget of 1853 for the department of Public Works Salaries of the Minister and other functionaries of the central dee 63 000f , surveillance of railways, 500 000 roads and bridges, 2,000 000f , internal navigation (rivers), 5,075,OOOf , ditto (canals), 4,50 OOOf , seaports, 4,500 000f , planting waste lands, drainage, irrigation, S-c , 1,200 000f In addition, under the held of extraordinary works, a sum of 500 000 is recorded for bodies, 3,50 000f for the improvement of rivers, 4,950 OOO for the establishment of navigable canals, and 5i800,OOOf for works of improvement and repairs in maritime ports, and 1,839 333 for the construction of railway lines For the War department the principal credits granted assailants of the Minister and persons employed at the central office l,82G,8t8f staff, 16 039 30s , gendarmerie, 20,420 982 republican GUard 2 J 11,80 If , pay and food of troops, lG"i,jiG6Uf , clothes and equipment, 18,29 000f, military beds, 6184 5700 , horses, 6,20 000f , forage, 27,054 617 , artillery stores (France), 6,15167Gf, ditto (Aleeria), 337 98 , gunpowder, !,7l8,3o8f , engineering stores, 7,6 2,000 extraordinary works 3 engineers) 2 998 000 , military schools, !,050,225f , InvahdeB, 2,557,501 f , govern meat and general administration of Algeria, 929 300f , native troops (ditto), 18,626,080f , maritime service (ditto), 53 2,000 , expropriations (ditto), 1,000 OOOf , colonization 3,715 OOOf , penal colonies (ditto), 1500 OOOf and orous ve orks (ditto) G,072,040f The following credits were granted for the department of Marine Salaries of the Minister and persons employed at the central office, 917 000f pay was clothing of troops, 34 864 316 , hospitals, 1,704 OOOf, food, 10,96 000f , wages to workmen 11 542 000 , general stores for the fleet, 27,013 lOOf , hydraulic works and cml buildings 2,101,000f , improvements in the ports Toulon and Port Vendres, l,030,000f travelling expenses, l,320,15Jf and printing tod books 373 900 The Minister of the Interior, Agriculture, and Commerce has addressed a circular to the Prefects of the Departments, desiring them to forward information as to the quantity of salt used in agriculture, and the results obtained from it. The Impartial of Nancy states that strict orders have been given that all works executed for the Government shall be suspended on the Sunday Ttrs ROYAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY -The Geographical Society has had its share in those graceful attentions which Prince Albert to willingly pass to all institutions for promoting art, literature, and science His Royal Highness, who is Vice Patron of the Society, attended its last meeting The members were edified and gratified by the interest he evinced in the reports of recent discovery in the Himalaya and the interior of South Africa. Buta matter of more importance for the general public was the intimation made by the President, in the course of the evening, that he had reason to believe the Prince, as their Patron, would support a petition to the Queen for a put of apartments to the Society Sir Rode- ns Murchison pledged himself and his colleagues, in the event of such a favour being conferred upon them, to show their sense of it by affording the public ' a good and useful magnifies r This is a fair offer of a quid pro quo The Society already possesses an extensive and complete collection of maps, including the results of the off as surveys, by land and sea, of our 9 2 6d CTerv' civilized govern T5. The untiring zeal of the Society is leading to its stores is vouched by the extensive additions it has been instrumental in owing to the knowledge of Turkish, Persian, Lucan and Australian geography Much has sake cased by the Society s own efforts, seen by the emulation it has excited among KKipiers, much by the publicity it has been assists in giving to discoveries that 1 JW otherwise have been left to slumber in j we archives of our Foreign and Colonial de S«(m0ïtgLan(i the Admiralty. The annexe ric of the Society prove that it deserves the wnnaenceof the public, and the numbers of ""associates. and consequently its funds, are ÍMK7 l??rcM,nK The boon of apartments *m,uPi.U in extense to such an institution to ! I amply repaid by the readier access fh* n M and ample store of maPS afforded to «£PUbhc, access which has ever been most swung open to all, so far as the inconvenient CK 8M0""nodation with which the Society w were obliged to content itself, in order to THe its means free for the promotion of P¡¡P»plncal discovery, has permitted -Spec effete PHENOMENA - At a recent sitting SS Academy, M. Blot common- era me following interesting account of some way curious elect, real phenomena in Paris The circumstances were brought before him by SbZ gentleman who was the subject of the S Vi1'1 in whose veracity he has the use Î rt.??.fidniee -"I was taking home," Hit and tor," on the evening of the 17th of court AT close to mv house. when, at the Port ft? the Rue de Grenelle, an extremely Messrs o, MAP accompanied by lightning I*^?"* m? to run instantaneously Powerful VlU to be enveloped by so Wv an/ Is that my eyes ached consider foiled , same moment my hat was Ch of m> head' Although there was not a a as,, a . x The Pam in my eyes became blind in ST apprehensive of being " on my scalp recovered me very quickly from a state of bewilderment which lasted six or eight seconds, and I perceived, to my great joy, that my eyesight was unimpaired. I then hastened homewards, and soon reached my door. On going to bed I took out my watch, and I became then aware that the electric fluid had passed through the left pocket of my waistcoat. This pocket had a hole in the bottom sufficiently large to admit two fingers, and the edges of the hole evinced signs of having been burnt and frayed. The chain to which my watch was attached was not damaged, but the swivel was destroyed. A gold ring, confining several trinkets, was severed in five places, and the watch-key, which was made of steel, plated with gold, was carried away, but the gold plating remained perfect. A small silver compass had its poles inverted. As to my watch, it did not exhibit any outward signs whatever of injury, but instead of the hands pointing to 11h. 30m., as they should have done, they stood at 4h. 45m., and the works had stopped. Feeling persuaded that the mainspring or some other part of the watch was broken, I put it down, intending to take it to the watchmaker on the following day ; but in the morning, happening to wind it up, I found, to my great surprise, that the works were in order, and that the effect of the electric fluid upon them seemed to be limited to caus- ing the main spring to run down. In the same pocket with my watch was a small medallion, in Berlin iron, encircled with gold, and a little gold key. Both these articles had disappeared, having been doubtless, carried through the hole in my waistcoat- pocket. As for myself, I felt no other inconvenience than stiffness in my spine, such as might result from severe physical labour, but neither my skin nor my clothes, with the exception of my waistcoat, showed any sign of the electric fluid. I must notice here a circumstance connected with my dress, which may have had considerable influence on the electric fluid. During my resi- dence in Spain I contracted the habit of wear- ing over my shirt and under my waistcoat a sash of red silk wound five or six times round my waist. May not the silk sash have acted as an insulator? My money, which was in a purse in my trousers pocket on the same side as my watch, was untouched." M. Blot informed the Academy, with reference to this communication, that he had seen the waistcoat, and of all the effects which had been occa ' sioned by the electric fluid, he considered that which the watch had experienced as by far the most surprising. The compass and watch-key were submitted to the inspection of the Academy. SOCIETY FOR THE PROPAGATION OF THE GOSPEL. On Tuesday morning Divine service was celebrated at Westminster Abbey, in commemoration of the third jubilee of this society. Before the commencement of the service the choir was filled, and the north and south transepts were much crowded. Shortly after ten o'clock, a procession, composed of the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, followed by a number of bishops and the metropolitan clergy in their robes, passed through the choir to the altar. The musical arrangements included the responses, chant, and service by Tallis, which were given with very impressive effect ; also, the anthem, "Comfort ye my people," Handel, sung by Mr. Benson ; followed by the chorus, " And the glory of the Lord." Mr. Turle. organist of the Abbey, presided with his usual ability at the organ. The prayers were read by the Rev Mr. Lupton, the first lesson by the Bishop of Argyll, and the second lesson by the Right Rev. W. H. De Lancey, D D" Bishop of Western New York ; the sermon was preached by the Bishop of Oxford. The text chosen by the right rev. prelate was from the 3rd chapter of Ezra, verses 11, 12, and 13. His Lordship referred to the circumstances attending the return of the Jews from Babylonish captivity, and described their feelings at being able once more to look upon the altar of the God of Abraham, and thence drew an analogy between the laying the foundation of the house of the Lord and the glorious temple in which they were then assembled. He proceeded to notice those imperfections which had rendered their exertions less efficacious than they might have been a consideration of which might help them to direct their further course. Among these he enumerated an unbelief in the real spiritual character of the Church, a low estimate of the cross of Christ, and a low sense of that which constitutes the indwelling of the Holy Ghost." Adverting to the persecutions | endured three centuries ago by our forefathers, who had to brave the fires of martyrdom, he asked what would have been their feelings could they have beheld the wide-spread exertions of the Society in North America, in India, and in Australia, and what would they have expected as the consummation of so wonderful a vision ? Yet, compared with such anticipations, how scanty had been the fulfil- ment. He then specified the various obstacles which impeded the progress of the Gospel, both in the early history of the Society and at the present time, and pointed out what might have been done had its efforts been less divided, and its organization more perfect. In conclusion, his lordship exhorted them to lay aside the pride of self- assumption and jealousies which had so often proved injurious to their progress. The offertory collection, which is to be added to the jubilee fund, was then made. The communion was administered by the Archbishop of Canterbury, first to the clergy at the altar, and next to the laity in the body of the cathedral. In the evening a sermon was preached at St. James' Church, Piccadilly, by the Right Rev. Dr. de Lancey, Bishop of Western New York, the text being taken from Malachi, second chapter and third verse. The chief subject of his discourse was the applicability of the language of ancient prophecy, and especially that of the text, to the ultimate diffusion and final triumph of the religion of Christ. A collection on behalf of the jubilee fund was made at the close of the service Bell's Messenger. RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION IN TUSCANY. The following is an extract of a letter from Florence, dated 9th of June :-" Yesterday, at 3 o'clock, the decision in the case of poor Madras and Pasquale Casacci was pronounced with closed doors. You will be sorry to learn that Madras has been sentenced to the galleys, with hard labour, for four years and a-half, and his wife to three years and ten months' imprisonment in the Ergastolo (the galleys for females) with hard labour, besides having to bear the whole expanse of their trial, and being subjected to three years' surveillance on their liberation. Casacci, who turned recusant, has been discharged by the Court of Criminal Law, but is detained to answer two processes against him by the police, under the law of April, 1851\. That history may pronounce upon the chief actors in this affair, I may state that Nervini was president of the Court, Cecchi was the examining judge, Bieohierai acted as Procurator-General. The trial lasted four days. Rosa (Mme. Madras) was pale and somewhat agitated upon her appearing in court. Francois (Madras) was delighted to see his wife, and shook her warmly by the hand. Everybody was astonished at their composure. Ca- sacks was the very picture of misery, and from my heart I pitied him. At the commencement of the trial François was asked if he was born in the bosom of the Holy Mother Roman Catholic Church. Yes, was his reply, but now I am a Christian according to the Gospel.' ' Who made you so, and have you taken an act of abjuration in the presence of those with whom you are now connected ? ' My convictions are of many years standing, but they have acquired greater force by my study of God's Word is but what has passed between God and myself in secret I have publicly testified by my communion in the Swiss Church. In reply to the questions put to her, Rusa answered that she had not lightly changed her religion, and merely to please men that having been resident in England for sixteen years she had read much of God's Word, and compared it with the doctrines of the Romish Church; that becoming convinced of the errors of that Church, she had left it, and had at the Communion of the Lord's Supper, made a public profession of her adjuration at the time when the laws of the country allowed and protected full liberty of religion to the citizens. The audience were much struck with the simpli- city and sincerity of Madras. During the two following days witnesses were examined, and the Procurator-General concluded, demanding their conviction. On the fourth day the Court remained in deliberation for a considerable time, the opinions being divided-two were in favour of an acquittal and three for condem ' nation. Madras and his wife heard the sentence with firmness and dignity The voice of the President trembled as he read the sentence The public were indignant at the sentence, and against the judges, full of sympathy and esteem for the Madras, and contempt for Casacci Madras has been advised to appeal to the Court of Cassation, and perhaps the superior Court, more free to act, will reverse the sentence Landseer, the Minister of the Interior, having been applied to, has advised an application to he made for a commutation of their sentence into banishment THE PENINSULAR AND ORIENTAL COMPANY'S STEAM FLEET-The hull of the monster iron screw steam ship Himalaya, building for the Peninsular and Oriental Company, is nearly completed, and it is expected she will be launched in October, and he ready for sea at the latter end of this year Her length is 170 feet, and her engines will be 700 horse power. She is larger than the Great Britain screw steamer, besides which, the engines of the Great Britain are only 600 horse power The Himalaya is destined to run between Southampton and Alexandria, and she will be commanded by Captain Brooks, the oldest officer in the company's service The Oriental Company's steamer Indus, which runs between Southampton and Alexandria, is laid up -lengthening 37 feet, and having new and more powerful engines put in her Some idea may be formed of the increase of speed of transit on the overland India route during the last few years by the fact that the heavy portion of the India mail is not due at Southampton before the 28th of the month, yet it lately arrived on the 17th and never hardly latter than the 20th The Peninsular and Oriental Company are now building five new vessels, and altogether, when their fleet is complete, it will amount to nearly 40 steamers This company's screw steamer Formosa, destined to convey the mails between Singapore and Sydney, arrived at Southampton on Sunday last, and starts for Australia on the 7th August next The same company's screw steamer Madras, bound for the Bosphorus, has just made the passage from Southampton to Malta in nine days, which shows to what extraordinary speed screw steamers are attaining Mr Disraeli thinks it undutiful and improper in the Legislative Council of New South Wales to call the Queen the trustee of the public lands of Australia "her own dominions " Truly they are so so are the Woods and Forests of Great Britain, nevertheless her Majesty is but the trustee thereof -for the British public and the Land Revenue of the Crown is duly accounted for accordingly Mr Disraeli needs to be informed, that, adopting a like principle, Parliament in 1842, by the Australian Land Sales Act, declared that, subject to certain charges of management, " the gross proceeds of the sales of waste lands of the Crown, in each of the Australian Colonies, should be appropriated and applied to the public service of the said Colonies respectively " What stronger words could be used to express a public trustee Mr Disraeli s tenderness betrays the Downing street principle that the public lands of our Colonies are the proper patrimony of Crown officials to be robbed and mismanaged at pleasure Happily for the Colonies happily, in need, we may add, for the Mother-country Sir John Pakington had gricefull) anticipated the claim from New South Wales, by a formal abandonment of a mischievous and dangerous prerogative 