C A P E A N D T 1I K CON V 1 C T S . MR. MITCHELL'S JAIL JOURNAL. continuation.) The anti-convicts' convened a great rem, on-, strait ue tiicctiiig 1 yesterday, and have solemnly rosolviid-to shut ail shops, and to ileal with no- bod v but their known -customers aud pledged porsotfs, / They really hope-to .make-it impossible for the, Governor to feed the' coil viots, or oven himself, while ho harbours tho convicts. Tito Resolution is printed and posted everywhere by way of proclamation ; and in ono hour after it was promulgated yesterday, every shop in Capo Town was shut up. A courier wnsscnt post haste to Simon's Bay with a copy of the now edict, and injuuclioiistoenforcojthe-obsurvaucoof the pledge rigorously from this day forth. Simon's Tciwri is therefore ottco mure inaccessible. The unani mity "with wiiieit till this business goes on is wonderful. Even the " moderates," though de precating this -extreme measure, say they will act with their countrymen : because, in fact, nobody dares to disobey tho plcbisciUyn. Here it is : — anti-convict association. At a special meeting of tlio Association, held, in the Town Hull, This Day, Thursday, J. J. L. Smuts, Esq., in tlio Chaff. Moved by .r, Fuirbairn, Esq., seconded by Thomas Sutherland, Esq.' — " That in consequence of tlio bad faith of the Right Honorable tho Earl Grey, -and of his at tempts to make 'this colony a penal settlement, against tho wishes ami in defiance of the peti tions, remonstrances, and protests of the inhabi tants and that in consequence of the detention within the limits of the colony of thcsliip Neptune with convicts on board, whoso destination is tho (Jape of Good Hope, on the ground of a profes sional -opinion given by Ilor Majesty's Attorney- General, as to the illegality ofsomliiigthcm away, which.- tho -whole of tho other members of the bar " .have pronouticed to be erronous— Society in this colony is rapidly falling into disorder atul dissa- \- tisfitetion, less and less capable of- fulfilling the duties of u free government;, and less and less ca- , ' >able of protecting tlio lives and property of tlio frontier and othor inhabitants, should any trou bles nriso iimoug the Native Tribes tuid, people on tlio bolder — " Thcrcforo it is tho duty of all good and loyal -subjects of her Mtijosty, at once, from this day, to suspend all business transactions with tho Go- yerimiont, in any shape,- or on any tonus, until . it is officially declared- that tho Neptune , with tho convicts on board, will go away as soon as all necessary supplies for Iter voyngo can bo put on hoard ; and that till intercourse and connection \--between privato- individuals and llis Excellency and heads of tho victualling departments, shall b'o dropt from this day— the Alurehauts, Auctiou- \- ours, Bakers,' Butchers, Sltopkeopors, aud all other . good and loyal people, dealing only, with such privato individuals as -they know aud clearly understand to bo unconnected with those depart ments by or through which supplies, sufficient to afford a pretext lor tho deteutiou of tho con victs, may possibly bo obtained,— And tiuit tho measures already taken for this purpose being too slow- for tho urgency of llto .caso, it is recommended, that after this moinont, all sitojis and stores shall bo closed) as for a solemn fast, except for tlio accommodation of ordinary privato ami well-known customers, that his Ex cellency may no longer bo in doubt as to tho impossibility of detaining tho Neptune, with lior ..convicts, within the limits of this colony." — -Carried unanimously. . Tho wisdom of this last proceduro may be, for aught I know, questionable. Certainly, it is not to.be thought of that tho Governor of a maritime Colony, having plenty of troops and ships at his disposal, could bo coerced, by moro starvation, to do what tlio popular will dictates. IIo may bo inconvenienced ; and tho troop may bo nuulo hos tile to the colonists ; but ail that will not make it ."impossible" to retain' the Neptune in Simon's Bay for a few months, or even years. Hero she will assuredly remain, notwithstanding what they call tlio " urgency of tlio case," till the Eng lish Despatch couics in. Possibly thercforo tho course proposed by tlio "Moderates" may bo wiser,— to lot matters go on quietly, in tlio mean time (eontont that felony is kept afloat) reserving oxtroino measures of resistance to moot tho ac tual atrocity of lauding the cargo, if this should bo attempted. I have u .strong suspicion, however, that thoso "Moderates" would --bo 'Moderates to tlio last ; nml Hint if the preservation of tho Capo depended upon tbom, it wcro but a lost country. Whou wocaino in hero at first, thccliicf leader of tho movement soonied to boa Mr. Ebden ; but ho lias boon backsliding into 'moderation, and is superseded by a nowspapur editor, named Fair- bairn, a man of much ability and energy, and a most imniodorato opponent of convicts. Ebdon's portrait lately hung up in tho Town Hull, has .boon cast down and dishonoured; and artists aro now onguged on a groat historic picco, represont- ing tlio mooting of yesterday, with Mynhcor Smuts in the chair, and Mr. Fuirbairn iu tho act of moving llto decisive resolution interdicting tho Governor from firo and water. Tlioro is talk of martial law ; and in fact any moment of oxcito- mont now may givo excuse for it. Capo Town .streets aro always crowded: there aro continual opon-air m'cotiiigs, and tho smallest act of iinpru- dotico on either sido might. bring about a collision whoso issuo would bo hard to foresco. Tho clianccs of a rovolt aro beginning to bo much discussod, anil on tlio poop of tlio Neptune , us woil as olsowhere. Tho Dutch, as sotno of themselves havo told, cordially hate tho English Government ; and uro said to bo perfectly w'iliihg, upon this question of con victisin especially to pro claim tho country iiidopoudent and to tako up arms to iniiko good thoir words. Tho colonists of British descent also, — oxcept tho small party of Moderate slaves— aro quito asdotormined iu this business as thoir Dutch neighbours. But then tho city of Cape Town is absolutely commanded by tlio " Castlo" aiid two small forts ; besides it could bo shivered to atoms by tho ships-of-wnr in half a day. Tito interior country however is very strong, and to conquer it .would need four times tlio forco tlio govoritor could command. . Ono resnltofthopresoiitmovonientscomslike- lv to bo a truo nutionul spirit. This common ttanger throatoning tliuir country, common risk titid loss iu ropolliug it, mutual help aud counsel against, one and tho same troucliorous foe, — tho very certificates in Dutch aud English that carry travollors of cither ruco through ovory -valley, kloof, aud plain in the wide coutinont, opening till doors aud all hearts to an cnotny of Gratif Grey, —those aro tlio iuiluouces that havo powor to innko an accidental aggregation of sottlors become a national brotherhood/instinct with tho vital firo of patriotism, and can transform tho sons of English and of Dutch fathers into a sclf- ' dependant, high-spiritod nation of South Afri cans. So bo it! 1 trust Downing-strcet will porsovoro liko a Briton ; a nil in 'that liopo I drink to-night with enthusiasm, iu rod wino of Capo vinos, tlio health of the future South African Republic. , I have procured from slioro— for tlicy do: not soem to regard tlio plodgo as strictly applying to me — a dozen of very tolerablo wino : — and I ain disgusted at their practieo of soiling their own rod wino witii a soul upon its cork bearing tho legend " Port," and thpir wino as '' Sherry." In . truth, thoir winoisnotawhjt liko port or sherry, and not half so good — yet South Africans ought to havo respect, to tho produce of thoir own vine yards, and call it by South-African names. ! litis not'Drakenstqin us good a sound its Rndeslioim? — Or 'Hout hiiai us Cote-a' Or?— -When tho Republic is Gstublishfiil they must reform this ai together. 13th.; — Tho blockade at Capo Town liasbccomo very strict. Three persons have been detected supplying things to tlio government secretly, and so turning a clandestine' penny to tlio prejudice of the conihion wqal. / 'iheir- naines aiul crimo. weto .instantly' b'luioiied upbirtlio'cbrliers of all streets; intercourse with tli'Um '\Vns siiSpondod' fop'teschorten J— all communication with them cut off iiftcsniy'dci ij. 'Ono.of.tliom owned liopscs — aft Ins tenents fqrtliwith bundled up tboir' effects and fled, its from plague- polluted dwellings. Another of those public ouemies. attended a bul lock sale : ho bid fdr a lot ; it -was knocked down- to him.; ...he, had, tho money in: his 'hand to pay for it, when ho was recognised as olio" of tho traitors;' tho lot was forthwith put up again ; and every newspaper gavo an account ot tho transaction next morning. _ The name of one of these tin fortunato persons Nqrden, touching whom I extract an advortisonioutfrom . tho Zuid Afrikaun. — "Notice — It is suspected that a poison tunned Lory, or O'Loary, front . Goorgo, is purchasing articles for Benjamin Nor- clou. (Signed,) Alox. Miller, 13, Ilooroiigraclit. 12th Oct., 1849." It is now generally supposed bytho naval peo ple hero, that tho lust Anti-convict- movement will compel tlio governor to suspend tlio Consti tution such tts it is, and proclaim martial law, and take, tho supplies lib wants, as in a hostile country. Myjmnrossion still is that ho will bo able to maintain the public establishments with out that odious proceeding : besides, he has none of tlio usual excuses for such an outrage, becauso tho poople arc peacoablo, every man on iy exer cising his clear right over his shop and -warehouse. Nevertheless Sir Harry, having a garrison of three or four thousand men to feed, would bo already in a sad extremity but for one or two desperately loyal individuals who aro coming to Itis relief. Tltcro is a certain Captain Stanford, who has a largo estate in Swcllcmlam ; and ho has placed at tho Governor's disposal 2000 head of cattle, besides-sheep innumerable : but soldiers havo to butcher tho meat, to bake the bread, and to build ovous to bake it iu, and to stand incessant volleys of civilian laughter all tho while, to tho soro provocation of those gallant, fellows. There is by chance in Table Bay a vessel called tho Rosebud, which had just been ludcu with flour, for Port Natal. Tho Governor laid hands on it, paid tho freight to Natal, and brought tho flour ashore — but soldiers had to row tho boats : tlio black boatmen would bold no intercourse. All this whilo tho Commodore, who is our governor at Simon's Bay, quietly provides stores of sheep and bullocks by repeated raids aud forays. In the mornings I can count, through a glass, tlio tired brutes lying on a small patch of grass in front of his door. 18th. — Mr. Stewart, "instructor" of Iho Ncp- lune, went a few days ago, stealthily, to Capo Town, anil lias had adventures. lie has just re turned on board, having been obliged to walk half the way) because when they rccognisod him at Wynberg lie could get no liorso or conveyance for hi'ro. Ho assures mo that he left his hotel at Capo Town voluntarily, but if ho had staid ano ther night would havo boon turned out. Ho wont into a woollen-draper's shop to purchase materials for a waistcoat : tlio cloth was folded up and tnado into a parcel, when some one came in who know him to bo tho convict instructor ; there was a whispering witlt the shopman for a single instant, and then Mr. Stewart was informed that ho could not bo supplied thero. Ho uskud with indignation "if their pledge required them to deny clothing to a minister of tho gospel, to cover his nakedness." This strong way of putting tho' caso staggered tho woollen-draper, who had not considered the matter in that exact point of view.; — ho said ho would step over atul consult Mr. Fuirbairn (tho able editor aforesaid), aud on com ing back Laid positively that tho thing could not bo done. Mr. Fuirbairn sent word-to Mr. Stewart that ho might go ,to tlio governor for waistcoats —that Sir Harry Smith, victor of Aliwal, was tho man who had undertaken to supply tho con vict department. Tho Capo newspapers nro regularly supplied to mo ; and I And that intelligence lias arrived of tho offocts produced iu remote places, Gratif Roy- net, Graham's Town, &e.;, by tho unuouncemoul tlmt tho accursed Neptune had actually cast an chor in Simon's Bay. " Solemn fast" every whoro : windows hung witlt crape : bellsfuncral- ly tolling : government officers placed under a complete interdict, and declared to bo dead men, morally and politically defunct, until tlio bandits leave Simon's Bay. Butchers and bakers say to thorn " wo deal not with tho dead— you are no tnorq (for tho Neptune floats in Simon's Bay) and it is impossible that departed spirits should need broad or beef. Wo cannot tako money front ghosts ; therefore, avaunt in tho nunio of God ! —for tlio convicts rido at anchor in Simon's Bay." Almost all the justicos of tho peaco throughout tho country, paid officers of government, aro pouring in thoir resignations : groat numbers of functionaries called fiuld-cornets aro doing tlio same. I do not clearly understand tlio office and duty of those iield- coronots, but. whoever tlicy arc thoy cannot think of holding any sort of commu nication with Sir Harry Smith till the Neptune loaves tho Bay. Thero is a functionary named Moutnguo, Secre tary to the Governor, and quite a great man of tho kind. IIo is just now on an official tour through tho interior; and although ho has been accustomed to distinguished recoptionsat all tho district capitals upon such occasions — local autho rities turnoii out to meet him" with trumpots or such othor instruments of noiso as thoy have — now ho can hardly got horses to ltiro or lodgings to sloop in. Horses thoy will givo liiitt to return to Capo Town, but nouo to procood ; and lie thinks luinsolf fortunato if ho can borrow two chairs under a cattlo-shcd, to spend tho night, and a. dry crust of broad. To. givo him oven so much I regard as a culnablo dereliction of nriu- ciplo. — Colonial Times , ( To be continued .) 