IS IT A JOKE* (From- thc Nonconformist, April 7.) Such is tlie question winch most Eng: Iialitneri aro beginuiug to put.to themselves and to their neighbours respecting tho pre- sent', position of State affairs . in this coüntry. The mystery in which the in- tentions of Government aro enveloped tho .vague forms in which their policy ia announced--tho contradictions between tho utterances of ono tiny nnd another, one House anti another-the ridiculous and grote'sqno situations in which tho Admi- nistration has placed itself-and the air of unreality which pervades all that is trnid and dono by tho men now in place, give to tho hißtory of tho laet six weeks nil the oharoctorislios of a monstrous dronni. Tho Derby Cabinet is ns a nightmare-a real infliction,' but assuming tho most fan- tastic forms., Sometimes it stares in the face of, tho nation like tho hungry, ghost of Protection. Sometimes it takes tho appearance of an Apollyon striding across the path of reform, and declaring thnt it shall go no further. Thon again it shifts into a revolutionary demagogue, and pro- poses to. invest with tho. franchisa the lowest olnss* of poople that can bo found willing' to become ,f food for powder." At one moment you may seo it in church attire, of tho olden timo, threatening retro- gression towards an age of bigotry ond intolleronce. viii tho rióxt, it presents it »elf iu defence of the \ Maynooth College Endowment Act, actively supporting-the Popery which it professes to condemn. Now, it will dissolve Parliament in a trice -then again, it will take its own time, and beg the country to be in no hurry, Anon, it will return to its first resolution, No one consequently knows what it is, or what it is not- whether it is to be re 1 garded as '* the lion" or «' the dogs." All that the country is certain about amounts to this, that the usual course of affairs is interrupted-that commercial enterprisers held in suspense-that electioneering agi- tations are unnecessarily protracted-and that the- end of this whole experiment upon a peoplo's patiouce will be a disper- sion of the Derby Administration'before they have had either tho will or the oppor- tunity of doing ono essential benefit to thc natioti. The hardihood of these men appears to us so unparalleled, that we can , scarcely take them to be in earnest. They seem intent on perpetrating upon John Bull a practical joke-as if to prove by demon- stration how liltlo wisdom is required to conduct the political. affairs of a,, great empire. The men themselves are slaying their own reputation with their worst weapons. : All that they have said an, se- verest terras for the last ¡ six years,. con- demnatory of those whom they opposed, they aro exposing , thetuselves to gra- tuitously. ; With laborious . effort they tire setting themselves up as the tar- gets to bo hit by their . own envenomed shafts. They wish the country to forget, as easily as they themselves do, what they have been, and to believe upon tho most indefinite assurances -what they will be. The people are to be persuaded, if possible, to pay . for V a pig in a poke." . It. máy turn out a bargain ; but, on the other hand, it may turu out a cheat. We : aro to ?? know nothing until wo have first made ourselves known ; and when wo have delivered in "our verdict upon no case," but upon a set of statesmen whose cha- racters are to be imaginary, we shall bo graciously informed what we are to expect. Again we ask, is this a joke ? or is it earnest ? The pedantry of Lord John Russell is equally damaging, on which side soever of the House ho may sit. As leader of tho Opposition, commanding a majority of votes in the House of Commons, he is responsible for tho' continuance of this anomalous and absurd condition. It is in his power to put an end at once to tho imposition which is being practised upon the English people. But now, ns for- merly, he is tied down by precedent. In circumstances to which history présents no parallel, ho will, consent to act only under the rules of routine established by bolder men- in prompt obedience td the call of events. Jf the House were on fire, Lord John would reply tb the servant who an- nounced the fact, '' Well, tell your Mis- tress-I never, interfere in domestic mat- ters !" Ho sits down calmly amongst,his : musty precedents, .like Archimedes with his geometrical problems, when Syracuse twas besieged. The constitution may bo violated, the character of representative government may be exposed to contempt, the independence of tho House, of Com : mons may be outraged, political morality may bo set at naught, tho patience of the people may be sorely'tried, but he cnn do nothing, unless some Whig statesman has done it before him. Ho suffers a Parlia- mentary majority to bo bamboozled and flouted, and he takes no steps to vindicnto its honour. Ho is satisfied with profcs-> sions which he has seen to be thrown aside as readily as. they are assumed. Hois content lo be led through a mist hy men iwho aro not unwilling to betray. He gets ¡neither thanks nor respect for his indeci- sion, nnd tho opposition which he leads is ¡beginning to bo regarded much in tho 'same light as tho Government itself-a 'solemn hoax. With respect to it, aa well ins to tho Derby Administration, tuon aro .every where asking each other-Is it a 'joke ? or is it an earnest reality ? All this may; suit well : enough the ! habits of thought and the general purposes ! of. both the political sections of that class 'who have hitherto monopolised, as their ! right, the higher offices of Government. 'Perhaps, looking through the medium of their' own prejudices,, they imagine that tho country regards thoir mode .of proceed jing iu much tho same way, and with much ! the same notions, as they themselves do. |They never were moro greatly mistaken. ¡Every day is doing much:to couvinco us that, in political affairs, tho present class I ¡of rulorais a century behind'-the spirit of ¡tho age. All this marching and counter- marching, this mancouvering and demon- stration, regarded by. aristocratic statesmen ¡as entirely " en róglo/' is coming to bo Iviowcd by mon of' common sense as nothing better than antique pedantry, 'which will presently bo set at, naught with as decisive an effect as when Napoleon ¡Bonaparte beat tho Anstrian Generals. Ordinary 'business cannot bo carried on iii tho worn-out forms of tho last century. Parliamentary business cannot bo much longer conducted according to tho obsoleto precedents of a former-age. .Government is not a game of chess, nor a sham fight on parade ground. It is, or ought to be, a serious system of transacting political affairs, adapted to tho wants and habits of tho passing time. If tho House of Com- mons were duly sensible of - what, in tho hackneyed parlance of the day, we will call its "mission," it; would not have suffered itself to bo hectored over by a Cabinet incapnblo of doing any one thing without its consent. It degrades itself by playing second fiddle to any administration -much lesa such an ono as that now in office Tho game is in its own hands. Why not play it manfully ? Why. not'put an end at once and for over to , all tho shuffling a¿d evasion with.1 which it pro fosses to bo.disgusted ? : Our consolation in tho midst of all the uncertainties produced by the vagaries of public men in our day is, that they are rapidly and surely woaring out from tho minds of tho people tho notion that nono cnn administer the affairs of this kingdom but under .aristocratic superintendence. Tho little section of political monopolists is; doing"- its best 'to .convince the world that it has no special gift to rule; and that wisdom will not necessarily die with it. We aro verging upon a great chango. We believe that tho time cannot be far distant in which talent will take: prece- dence of rank-integrity will be more sought for than Btution-and earnestness j will win higher respect than brilliant con- nexions, or affluent circumstances. Eng i land has sailed so long on the other tack, that it is nearing the shoals. Necessity will be laid upon it presently to save itself from wreck by wearing round. The thing will not bo done all at once ; hut passing events are contributing to accelerate a better period. There will be no playinff at government when tho people haye finally parted with their traditional preju- dices, nor will any administration be then able to retain office for a day, respecting which it cnn he appropriately asked, ls it a Joke ?" 