ELLTOT WARBURTON. (From ihe Dublin Nation.) In his last book, 'Darien,' poor Eliot War burton, whose melancholy death in the wreck of the Amazon has robbed Literature of no common intellect, paints a terrible castastro phe akin to that in which he perished. Here axe thp scenes : A ROUGH NIGHT. Almost instinctively he made his way first to Peel-house, where he heard the well knovvu voice of a fisherman narked Madden Ray, calling *o Tarn and Part an to ' come out and barken, for there was' gruesome sounds from the say, and mini* guns that were stilly now.' Tam was neither dis posed nor quite able to move from his bed at such a summons ; but Patraa, who now. habitually slept in' his chimney corner, stag gered out into the storm, and down to the shore through showers of salt spray. Tinwald and Madden accompanied him, and beheld a sight that was terrible even to their practised eyes. The sea, thrown mountains high, and tortured into strangely awful shapes by 'the force of the whirling wind, ' \va» lighted up at intervals by a wan moon, i as the black, rushing clouds for a moment revealed her pallid face within its shroud. AH that could be seen, even close at hand, was but by 'glimpses ; all that was heard was but ajaculations. Partan, after a few minutes, seemed thoroughly recalled from the effect of his' potations. One excitement counteracted the other, and he was now loused into a seaman's interest in the scene before him. He lay down npon the shore, and kept his eyes steadily fixed in the direc tion of the 'sandbank. The first gleam of light that passed over the sea revealed to him that the black hull of a large ship was stationary in the midst of the tossed billows. ' To the boat ! there's a brave ship struck i' he cried, as he started to his feet with wonderful alacrity, and limped away towards the little harbour. But HOBS fol lowed hira9 TSia fishermen continued to gaze in awed silence on the stormy sea, which every moment appeared to grow more furious, and to shake the very shore with its mighty waves. ' Is there na Christian man amang ye that will run a risk to save a Bailor's life ?' . excUimed Partan reproachfully. ' Here's I' for one V shouted Madden Ray, the fisherman who had first summoned him, and whose children we,re crawling about, trying to steady their tottering little feet in the storm. ' Hoot awa, man !' screamed his wife ; ' the chiel'6 daft, an' sae are ye, to face the wrath of heaven in sic a night I' and a pair of stout arms were folded round the volun teei's neck, while two or three smaller pairs encircled his legs. ' Is theie na ne'er-do-weel amang ye?' shouted Partan again, ' that will take chance wi' me to save yon puir perishing folk ; and maybe women and bairns amang 'eoi in the waves ?' Swilltap, the publican's son, stepped for ward at this appeal, but was instantly knocked dawn by his indignant sire. Tinwald then raised his voice, and conjured all for the love they bore him, for the honour of old Scotland, for the sake of Heaven, not to leave strangers to perish on their shore without one brave effort to save them. ' We want but one,' he continued, ' but one who can hold a helm or pull an oar.' '? It's nause,' sternly exclaimed the oldest fisherman j ''na boattie in Scotland could live in sic a say. It's God's wull sent the creatures into yon extremity : God's will be done!' ' His will be our speed then !' exclaimed Alice, who had only waited to mufBe her delicate form in a plaidie, and had joined the group. ' His will be done 1' as Master Ray says, *' and let us do it. * Partan, the battle IB not always to ''be strong ;' you ken weel that I can hold a tiller, and if you and the young laird row, we may yet be in time to save!' 'The villagers had remained impassive to the adjuration of mercy and of Heaven, but one electric impulse seemed to stimulate them all as Alice spoke. The old fatalist was the first to fling off his doublet, and thrust it in his wife's face ; all down to young Swilltap followed his example, and moved towards the boat. ' Not sae, not sae, bonnie laddie !' was the cry ; ' there be hands, though not hearts hearts here, better fitted for sic wark.' They seized upon the largest of the fishing boats, and v'ere about to launch her from the blocks, when Partan interfered — ' Not her,' he shouted, ' as Master Ray says, she wadna live ; but the Bonito boatie will swim as long as twa planks 'hand thegither. Come, wi' a will, lads ; heave all,' and the gallant little craft was hurried from her rest into the water, that leaped and foamed even in this sheltered cove. Cinwald jumped on board, and others wotild have crowded after him, but Partan stopped them, and chose only three of the youngest and stoutest. After a little preparation they were off, followed by a cheer Mat stuck in the throats of trienuG, parents, and lovers who tried to utter it. In a few minutes a bit of a sprit sail was run up, and the Bonito, after some impatient curvets in the calmer water, bounded like a gailant courser into the caging sea. As she rose over the first few, waves her tiny sail was visible above ihe foam, but then became lost in the dark confusion of the elements. The minister of Sandilee had by this time reached the scene of action, and readily availed himself of the occasion to summon his little flock to prayer. Only snatches of his words were heard through the storm, but the full hearts around him could well supply the rest. He was yet speaking when the first streak of dawn appeared.. The face of the. preacher became distinct ; then the shore, and at length the tossed sea, opened to the view. Every eye was turned towards the sand bank, and the hull espied by Partan's practised eyes at night was now visible to all. The Bonito was nowhere to be seen. But soon the shouts of her brave crew were heard. She had performed her daring task, and returned to the little cove just before daybreak. The result of her adven ture had been a single man rescued from the wreck ; and, as he was found with handcuffs on his wrist, the old superstition against the rescue of drowning men revived in full force. None of the fishermen, hospitable as they naturally were, showed themselves desirous of receiving so suspicious a guest/; and so, with one accord, they bore off the exhausted and half drowned man to Tarn's house. A TFMPBST. Profound silence settled over the Bonne Esperance and all her desperate crew. The stem vigilance of Lawrence had given place to the licence claimed at first by a new made captain. The watch having drunk almost as deeply as their comrades, were all asleep at their various posts. Even the helmsman nodded at the wheel, only started now and then into wakefulness as the neglected ship came up to the wind and her sails were shaken. But thfe wind soon died away ; the very heavens seemed to be asleep, and the starB to twinkle drowsily. A vast dark curtain of clouds rose slowly up the northern sky, and soon, but impercepti bly, wrapped the ocean in a double night. Still, the drunken freebooters slept on; it might hava seemed a ship of death, with a black and universal pall spread over it;, The white sails towered up into the dark ness like gigantic ghosts, and ever and anon small tongues of lambant flame would hover spirit like, over the mast-head, The sea began to heave and swell portentously, with a long and measured motion, that lulled the sleepers into a yet deeper slumber, and all the while a strong current bore the ship ?swiftly and helplessly along, as in a dream. ' Suddenly, the wHd storm of the Tropics awoke, and burst upon the world of waters with terrific uproar, Thunder shook the heavens with prolonged roar, and sheets of lightning wrapt the gleaming sea in one wide flame ; the waves were roused instantly to fury ; but, ever as they rose their crests, were whirled away by the tornado, and scattered into clouds of spray The best prepared ship could scarcely have endured that fierce and sudden atorm ; but the brigantine had every sail set to the previous gentle breeze, and every hand that could have helped her was relaxed in sleep. Instantly, as the hurricane assailed her, she was struck down on her beam-ends ; the sea rolled over her in all its force ; the decks had been strewn with the drunken revellers, who were now helplessly drowned as they lay ; even the watch were only awakened by the wave that carried them away into the raging waters. Almost instantly all was over, and but two living creatures inter rupted the s.ublime loneliness of the stormy sea. Alvarez, like the rest of the ship's crew, had been asleep; his dreams haunted by the loud brutal songs and impious jests of the pirates. Suddenly, in his dream, it seemed to him as if those shouts of revelry were changed to shrieks, and at the same moment. he had become, he knew not how, involved in their orgies. He seemed, to reel and stagger, and the bowl of wine that they had beerf sitting round seemed to gush up like a great fountain, and pour down upon him and all the revellers, washing them away in its red torrents. Martled by the sudden sense, of drowning, he awoke io find himself in the angry sea, with wreck, and ruin, and destruction all around. WIE SHIP ON FIIUS. As the king's officer came forwaid in his turn, his speech was interrupted by a cry ol ''.i'uego!' from the forecastle; a thick volume of smoke at the same time gushing up from the. hold diffused a sulphurous stench. The ship had been sext on fire by one of the quenchless fire balls that the buccaneers were accustomed to make use of'1 in extremity. It had fallen among bales of silk, which for some time smothered the fierceness of the flame ; but it had the more extensively and subtly done its works, and the* fire was proportionately destructive. The boats were immediately lowered, and those on board had barely time to put off, when the galleen was in flames from stem to stern. Even the wounded buccaneer and the sick English sailor had been saved. The boats rowed fast towards Alvaro's ship, and almoBt immediately after they had reached her the galleon blew up, and no trace was left of ihe gallant ship but a few seething planks, and some bnbbles on the calm water in which she had gone down. A dreadful pause for a moment ensued. Then one of the Spaniards cast off his grap pling irons and stood away, but carried with him a shower of unquenchable fireballs, which the buccaneers had flung upon his decks and into his hold ; every man on board only thought of extinguishing them, and the ship ran away before the wind, Then Lawrence, with his pistol still presented to his magazine, shouted to his men ; and they leaped upon the deck of the other Spaniard, -whose crew, all unnerved by the still threatened explosion, scarcely offered any resistance. in a few- minutes they were conquerred, slain, flung overboard. The remaining Spaniard was now on fire forward, and her sails burned up rapidly into three pillars of flame. The despairing crew bad retreated to the lofty poop, and were trying to lower their boats, but Lawrence ranged up along- side, and poured in a steady fire of musketry, under which they fell fast. The flames had now eatsn their way aft, and were creeping up to the poop. The Bucca neer stood away to avoid the explosion wlmh must soon take place, and the miserable Spanish crew threw themselves into the sea. There for a few minutes they remained floundering about, but they were soon sud denly twitched underwater, and then quickly ensanguined waves showed that the sharks were busily at work. The friar's dark foKOi' was still to be seen on the Bhip, relieved of the flames, that towered up behind him *, all at once they ceased, as if concentrating all their efforts below, and then shot up into the sky, scattering far and wide eveijy rem nant of the ship. In fact, she was like those who hive lost dear relatives at sea, and who love to sooth their sorrows by sitting oa the shore atud watching the waves as they come and go ; in some dreamy expectation that somehow they may bring tidings of those who have ' gone down among their fellows. Such was the news that Isabel watched for by the ebb and flow of life's great stream in London. 