THEATRICALS. Few of the many wonderful novels of Sir Walter Scott ever more thoroughly captivated our boyish admiration than that wild and singular tale in which the sorrowful destiny of Lucy Ashton and her noble lover, the Master of Ravenswood, is so vividly portrayed. We are carried back, without any apparent effort on the part of the gifted writer, into the domestic life of a remote and gloomy period, wherein the actors, in the quaint old fashioned costumes of the time, are all instinct with life and energy — excited by party fends long since forgotten, or agitated by feelings still affecting mankind with undiminished force. Poor Ravenswood ! ruffled as he is, occasionally, by that keen sense of ridicule to which rank is ever obnoxious, when unattended with wealth, he insensibly wins upon our sympathy and respect; the calm intensity of his character contrasting finely with the helpless weakness of the Lord Keeper's daughter, and the grave earnest trifling and comicality of his faithful old servant. Who, that has ever read the novel, can forget the gallant and adventurous raid of Caleb Balderstone, on the Cooper's kitchen, or his quick rooted appropriation of the thunder storm , which " came to hand like the bowl of a pint stoup," and' furnished him with such an excellent apocryphal dinner. All honor then to the fertility of his invention ; however outrageous his lies may be, Caleb never falls in our good opinion from his first entrance upon the scene to the last sad moment when he takes leave of his master for ever. Nor are the other, less prominent personages, uninteresting ; each has his own distinct individuality ; while the minor incidents introduced assist us in forming no faint or incorrect conception of the manners, habits, and prejudices of Scotch society at that distant day. With such notions in our editorial mind, we no sooner saw the announcement, on Monday last, of a drama entitled the BRIDE OF LAMMERMOOR, than we resolved upon going to see it, and found no reason to repent of our determination. The dignified part of Edgar Ravenswood was, of course, sustained by Mr. Nesbitt, who, notwithstanding his recent illness, exerted himself not unsuccessfully to do it justice; although we must, nevertheless, crave permission to observe, en passant, that his dress was anything but happily chosen for the occasion, and belonged neither to the age or nation of the person represented. The gem of the whole thing was decidedly the Hapless Miss Ashton of Mrs. Guerin, her second lover, Hayston of Bucklaw, being very fairly played by Mr. Howard. Griffiths, too, as dear old Caleb, made a decided hit ; continual merry shouts of laughter from all sides, testifying how keenly his manifold apologies and expedients were appreciated. This interesting drama (repeated on Wednesday evening in the presence of a rather thin house), was followed at its first production by an extravagauza under the title of the QUEEN OF BEAUTY, which passed off well, but of which, not being great admirers of dramatic amusements of the kind, we shall say no more than that it will be repeated this evening. On Tuesday the lovers of good music had another opportunity of gratifying their taste by listening to the deservedly popular opera of the MOUNTAIN SYLPH, after which came the pleasant interlude of SENT TO THE TOWER, with the racy and highly successful farce of NAVAL ENGAGEMENTS as a finale. NORMA was again reproduced on Thursday, to a numerous and attentive audience, by whom a new afterpiece, the LOAN OF A LOVER, was well received, and appears likely to become a favourite. Besides the extravaganza of the QUEEN OF BEAUTY, the performances of this evening will include the musical interlude last mentioned, and the highly diverting farce of the Teacher Taught. OLYMPIC CIRCUS — The performances at this place of amusement during the week have been of a most varied and delightful description, and have been attended by crowded and applauding houses. Master Granville, one of the pupils of Mr. Ashton, has distinguished himself, not only as an equestrian, but also as an acrobatic performer, both on horseback and in the ring Master Griffiths and Miss Griffiths have gone through their usual performances with geat eclat. In fact, both these young Australian Equestrian performers have during the past week won for themselves the most unbounded applause from crowded houses. Signor Cardoza's performances on the tight rope have also elicited great applause, in short we have never witnessed in this colony anything equal to his performance, which is at once chaste, pleasing, dignified, and graceful. Our old friend Axtelle has if possible exceeded himself,— some of his witticisms and bon mots during the past week have been amongst the raciest things we have ever heard. During the week Mr. Ashton and part of the company have been at Windsor, for the races, where they have amused the good folks of the interior not a little by their extraordinary evolutions and excellent display of horsemanship. They are expected to be in town to-day, and the whole strength of the company will be combined to render their entertainment during the ensuing week worthy of the patronage of the Sydney public. GOLD MEMS, — The average weekly production of Gold may be taken at 30,000 oz.. which, at 64s, per ounce, amounts to £106,000 per week, or £5,512,000 per annum. AMOUNT OF GOLD RECEIVED — The following is the amount of gold which has been received during the week by the mails and escorts : — By mail — from Braidwood, 251 ozs. ; from Tamworth, 138 ozs 5 dw s. ; from Bathurst, 123 ozs. ; from Sofala, 337 ozs.; from Yass, 34 ozs. ; from Wellington, 4 ozs ; from Hartley, 12 ozs ; total my mail. 899 ozs, 5 dwts. By escort — from Major's Creek, 702 ozs. 19 dwts. ; from Braidwood, 922 ozs. 5 dwts. 12 grs ; from Goulburn, 187 ozs. 17 dwts. 2 grs. ; from Bell's Creek, Araluen, 185 ozs. 1 dwt. ; from the Turon, 1,586 ozs. 16 dwts. ; from Avisford, 931 ozs. 12 dwts. 23 grs. ; from Tambaroura, 641 ozs. 14 dwts. : from Bathurst, 308 ozs. 19 dwts. 8grs' ; from Ophir 15 ozs 2 dwts; total by escort, 5,562 ozs. 6 dwts. 31 grs. ; total by mail and escort, 6,451 ozs. 11 dwts. 21 grs., which at £3 4s per ounce, (now about the average price), amounts to £20,645 8s. 7d. GOLD TRADE. — Upwards of 10,000 ounces of Gold are calculated to have changed hands in Sydney during last week. The price was steady at 64s. per ounce. THE RIGHT REV. THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. — During the past week intelligence was received in Sydney that a large share of the distress prevalent in the sister colony of South Australia, had fallen upon the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide ; which had been occasioned partly by the vote of the Legislative Council of that colony, whereby all grants for ecclesiastical purposes were withheld, and partly by the wholesale emigration of the male population of South Australia to the Port Phillip diggings. From the intelligence received, it appeared that the Right Rev, Prelate was almost in a state of destitution, and in consequence of this intelligence the Right Rev. the Bishop of Maitland, on Sunday last, issued a pastoral address, calling upon the Catholics of the colony to come iorward and assist Dr. Murphy in his difficulties. In pursuance of this pastoral address, a numerous meeting was held in St. Mary's Seminary on Sunday evening last, when the case was fully stated, and a subscription was commenced. While the most zealous promptitude was evinced to administer to the urgent exigencies of the beloved and respected Bishop of Adelaide, care was taken to distinguish between his case and that of the Catholic Mission in South Australia, and whilst all were ready with heart and hand to administer to the relief of Bishop Murphy, a pretty strong sentiment was expressed against the course pursued by the South Australian Legislature. Before. the meeting broke up, upwards of £160 Avere subscribed toivards the object in view. CITY COUNCIL. — No business was transacted by the City Council yesterday, in consequence of not being able to form a quorum ; the only members present being the Mayor, Aldermen Allen and Egan, and Councillors Driver, Thornton, Campbell, Peden, and Hogan. A GHOST ! A GHOST ! — On Thursday evening last, between the hours of seven and nine o'clock, an immense congregation of persons assembled from all parts of the City on Brickfield- hill, near the premises of Messrs Wilshire, to witness the freaks of a GHOST. From the rumours which were afloat, it appeared that this super- natural visitant had taken up its quarters in an old dilapidated house standing upon an eminence near the premises of the above named gentlemen, which has been long untenanted. Numerous were the conjectures Avhich were rife on the subject ; but during the whole time that the assembled multitude remained on the ground, his ghost-ship did not make his appearance. Some persons imagined that the ghost, if there was one, must have been the per- sonification of one of the celestial personages who had recently escaped from the clutches of the Nabob of Vaucluse ; whilst others were of opinion, that it was the spirit of Earl Grey, lamenting over the overthrow of his schemes for transforming these colonies into a sort of Pandemonium of convictism, which have been en- tirely knocked on the head by the vigorous measures adopted by the LEAGUE. Others there were who thought that one of the spirits of the Ophir or Turon diggers, who have been so recently feteing and feasting Sir Charles, seeing that their great master spirit had returned to Sydney, determined upon accompanying him ; but finding that no admission was accorded him into Government House— where pure spirits only are admitted — took up his abode in the height of his disconsolation, at the first domicile that offered ; and knowing of course that the Messrs. Wilshire were in high favour at head quarters, the spirit very cunningly came to the con- clusion that a better billet than that offered by the aforesaid un- tenanted premises, could not be found. It accordingly took up its abode there, but played such pranks, in the way of breaking windows, dancing the polka, &c.;, that it could find no rest, and eventually evaporated up the chimney, to the great disappointment of the many thousands who had assembled to witness its frolics and gambols. We have not heard that any pockets were picked on the occasion ; probably this was owing to the fact that it was generally supposed to be a Vice-regal, or at ail events, a Gold Commissioner's Ghost ! PREPAYMENT OF LETTERS — We would remind our readers that the new postal regulations relative to the prepayment of letters, come into operation to-day. The following notice has been issued by the Postmaster- General : — " Prepayment of postage by stamps compulsory. From and after the 1st May next, no letter posted in the colony will be forwarded to its address unless it shall have been prepaid ; and the prepayment must be made by postage stamps affixed to the letter and not by money. No postmaster will be allowed to receive money for the prepayment of a letter, unless he shall have at the time no postage stamps on hand for sale. All letters not prepaid by stamps, will be sent to the dead letter office, in Sydney, to be opened, and returned to the writers. Stamps will be procurable at all the post offices throughout the colony. The stamps should be placed on the letters at the right hand corner above the address. FRANICS L. S. MEREWETHER, Postmaster- General. ASSAULT WITH INTENT. — On Friday afternoon last week, a little girl named Bilby, Avhile proceeding from the residence of her mother to the house of Mr. Palmer on the North Shore, was met by a cowardly scoundrel, who after stripping her of a portion of her apparel carried her into the bush and there indecently as- saulted her. The little girl on returning to her mother, informed her of what had occurred, and information was given to the police, but it is feared from the inadequate description the poor child fur- nished, the ruffianly miscreant will elude their search, unless some other circumstance should happen to bring him under their notice. OYSTERS ! — A sailor named Richard Penn, caused a girl of the town, named Anne Spencer, alias Gainer, to be apprehended on Thursday night, for having stolen his watch and chain. The girl appeared before Mr. Dowling yesterday to answer to the charge. It appeared that he had taken the girl up stairs of a certain house in King-street ; they had some oysters and rum ; the girl asked him the time of day, when he took off the watch and chain, and handed them to her. He had given her 3s. 6d to pay for the refreshment ; she went down into the shop, and she was not seen again by prosecutor until she was , in custody. Mr. Nichols ap- peared for the prisoner, and in a very humorous cross-examination, elicited the above facts from Penn. She was committed for trial, but allowed bail, herself in £50, and two sureties £25 each. READY FURNISHED LODGINGS. — There are many miseries even in these, and when their proprietors are yoked to a brawling woman for a wife, their accommodation is any thing but desirable. A case of this description was brought before Mr. Dowling yesterday, to decide according to law between the aggrieved and the aggressor. The latter bore the lovely name of Caroline, to which her husband had added that of Dunn ; they live in Cambridge-street, where young men are "taken in and done for." William Russell, a lodger, and by profession a sailor, lodged a sad complaint against his hostess, for using most violent language, and following it up by discharging volleys of stones into the house from the street, to the great damage of the inmates and the articles inside, many of which were exposed to the shower as she chose the hours of refreshment for so doing. The defendant denied the charge, and instead of putting questions to the plaintiff, she ran into torrent of abuse, and wished his Worship to believe that the bruise she had received on her forehead, and that all the mischief of which complainant spoke, was owing to his conduct towards her, which rendered her husband jealous, who beat her -most unmercifully. Mrs. Caroline Dunn was fined 5s. and costs. Stealing — Thomas Fitzgerald was charged yesterday with having stolen a pick and hammer, the property of Mr. Paterson EA-ans, stonemason. Committed foi trial at the next Quarter Sessions. STEALING. — A married woman, named Mary Griffin, was placed in the dock yesterday morning, for having stolen a basket contain- ing wearing apparel, and several other articles, the property of Mrs. Deal, who had just returned from Maitland, and placed her things outside Mrs Rogers' door, in Kent-street, where they were until her husband and herself could find some place td deposit them. The prisoner was found in a state of intoxication by the constable who apprehended her, with her head on the basket, and lying in the street, near the "Cheshire Cheese" public-house. The prisoner seemed much distressed to find herself in such an awkward predica- ment, and said that a woman told her to carry the basket to the above named public-house. She was committed for trial at the next Quarter Sessions, but alloived bail, herself in £50, and two sureties in £25 each. DESERTION FROM HIRED SERVICE. — An interesting looking young woman named Mary Brodrick, was placed on the floor of the Court before Mr. Dowling, yesterday morning, who had been apprehended on a warrant signed by Colonel Morrison, of Bathurst, which was executed on Thursday afternoon, at the corner of Park and Castle- reagh-streets. She told the constable (who gave his evidence in Court) that rather than return to Mr. Butler's service, she would drown herself. Mr. Nichols, acted as her solicitor, and he showed that by a certain clause in the Act relative to females, that they could not be remanded from lock-up to lock- up, or from Gaol to Gaol, and as the Magistrate had no jurisdiction, he prayed that she might be discharged. Mr. Dowling, to satisfy himself as to the correctness of the course pointed out by Mr. Nichols, reserved the case tor judgment for a short period. Mr Nichols remarked, that when a master or mistress were defendants a summons was issued for them, but in the case of a young and innocent female, who might from various causes, have cause for complaint, and take the law in their own hands, by going away, a warrant was issued for their apprehension, and they were thrown into the same place with women of the most abandoned character in the watch house until they were brought before the bench. Nr. N. facetiously asked the constable, who said he had travelled with her from Goulburn on the mail, whether there was a Gretna Green on the road. The negetive reply settled that point. After several other cases had been disposed of. Mr. Dowling said that he was afraid he was frustrating the ends of justice, but considering that she would be constantly in the hands of constables and others until she arrived at Bathurst, he considered he acted conscientiously by discharging her. Mr. Nichols said, that the clause in question was inserted in consequence of some young female having had an act of violence committed on her on her way down from some distant place to Sydney. MORE GOLD FIELDS. — When the long line of the descendants of Banquo passed in visionary show before Macbeth, he came at last to the conclusion that he had seen quite enough, and in a style more vehement than polite, insisted that the witches should change the exhibition. All attractive as gold is, one would suppose that readers of newspapers would get tired of it, and long for a change of topics. But still gold is gold—a positive fact ; and everybody would like to have gold— which is another positive fact ; therefore, we treat our readers to all the news obtainable. With respect to the discovery of additional gold fields, we are told by Mr. Edward Khull, bullion broker, of Melbourne, in his gold circular, that a sample of the most beautiful gold that has ever appeared in this colony reached Melbourne this week by post, from a new gold field, near tbe Ovens River. It is on Reid's Creek, 16 miles in length, the bed of which is filled with the auriferous deposit. There is no digging it is all surface washing, and the gold produced is as fire as the finest, gunpowder, A large sample with more particular information is promised next post, which, if it arrive, will be duly noticed. The quantity of gold by the escort this week has increased over that of last week by 1000 ounces. Were a branch escort put on from Bendigo Creek to the head commissioner's tent, the weekly amout sent would be 20,000 ozs. This statement is made on the authority of one of the most ex- perienced of the gold commissioners. There is a report that such a branch escort is to be put on, and the sooner the better, as the Government are losing a large income from the want of it, by the diggers bringing their gold from Bendigo Creek direct to Melbourne Again while convicts from Van Diemen's Land are pouring into Victoria, efforts are making to retain them by the continued alleged existence of gold fields in Van Diemen's Land. We are informed that in the neighbouring colony, the Government has issued a proclamation, warning all people against digging for gold in the neighbourhood of Fingal, without being duly authorised by her Majesty's colonial government ; but notifies that such regulations as may be found expedient will be published from time to time as circumstances may require. The H. T. Advertiser observes it is merely precautionary, and intended to assert the Royal authority, being in no degree required by any success on the part of the prospectors.— \- Geelong Advertiser. MORE WATER! — In the days of yore, before useful knowledge was rife in the land of Britain, we recollect the exhibition of a nondescript animal, that was neither a bear, a bull, a lion, a tiger, or a crocodile, but something else ; and when the exhibitor outside saw a troop of bumpkins staring, he would call out to the keeper inside, " Give him more water, keeper ?'' Whereupon the animal began to roar, and the bumpkins incontinently paid their monies for license to see the marvellous beast. The cry of " more water," which has come from the diggings, has not been proceeded by much of what the late Mr. O' Connell would have termed (as the once did in the House of Commons) " beastly bellowing:" but a cry for water there as been, and it has answered: At the Turon, the diggers were suddenly swamped : but here, in Victoria, our rains have come down as yet more gently, though heavy enough to raise the spirits of the diggers, if not to swell the creaks and fill the gullies. — Ceelong Advertiser. Master and Servant. — Edward Thompson was brought up on Tuesday before Mr. Dowling and Alderman Egan for a breach , of the Masters and Servants' Act. Inspector Higuins deposed, that on Monday he apprehended the defendant at Tooths' Brewery, where he was at work as a cooper, in pursuancs of a warrant (now produced) wherein he was charged with having absconded from the service of Mr. H Garrard, of Richmond River. Dofendaut. admitted that he had been in the service of Mr. Gerard and loft it baoause of illness: he, Mr. Iliggins, did not know the handwriting OF Mr. Wilson, purporting to be the roagistiate issuing the warrant. Thompson was admitted to bail until Monday, when he appeared with his solicitor, Mr. Nichols. Tiie magistsates were about to order him to be returned to the nearest place in the district of the Richmond River, when Mr. Nichols rose to o!j=ct to that mode of proceeding, and stated that the sooner such authority, as appeared to be in the hands of the Justices of the Poace, was limited the better, as any magistrate just now could issue his warrant for the apprehension of a party living hundreds of miles away from him to appear at his Bench. He should propose to the Bench that the . defendant be held to bail until Monday, when he would have ob tained a writ of habeas to enable him to bring this case before the Judges of the Supreme Court. Leave was granted, and bail allowed the defendant in £40, and two sureties of £'20 each. Wages. — On Wednesday last Margaret Gambol summonsed Mr. Pite for a balance of wages of £8. It appeared that Gambol had been hired by a Mrs. Woods, who was acting as the ogent of Mr. Pite, to employ servants to look after the domestic affairs of the house; her agreement wa< for £20 per annum, and she sought to recover the balance which Mr. Pite refused to pay ; and bat for the timely assistance of Mr. Roberts, who acted as her attorney, she would have lost her cane, but although the Bench allowed the whole demand they would not give her ooBts beyond the 5s. for the summons and the serving. Sydney Socialities. — " Gipsy Maria," or as she may be other wise known, Maria Mitchell, was apprehended on Monday after noon by a constable on a warrant issued at the instance of Joseph Yeomans, of Clarence-street, eating-bouse keeper, who charged her with having robbed him of a gold watch and chain, with £18 or £17 in money. When she was apprehended she was wearing tt wttlvU ttuu uuaiii) auu uuu a puvOfj uuiuaiuiu iiodiijr iu money; a leather bag containing £11 was given up to the con stable, to whom it was delivered for safe custody on behalf of the prisoner. When Mitchell was brought before the Bench on Tuesday, Yeoman's withdrew the charge of stealing, as they bad . been living together as man and wife, and that on Monday night ' they had had a few word3 and she left him. ' In the course of the day he heard that she contemplated a trip to Port Phillip, to pre vent which he had her apprehended, but he now discovered that such was not her intention he begged that she might be released from the grasp of the law to return to his embraces — she was dis charged accordingly. Stealing.— A black man named George Clark was plaoed in the dock on Tuesday for stealing a silver chain and a gold key belonging to Mrs. M Ghee. A little girl of nine years of age, stated that on Monday last the prisoner came to their house to ask for a written discharge from Mr. M'Ghee, to whose vessel he belonged, and that her mother had laid down the watoh chain and key on the drawers in the room where she was ; her mother was in the bed- \- roQm at the time, and when her mother and she came into the 1 room again the watoh and key were there; some oonversation took place between the prisoner and her mother, who went oat to get some' ink and a pen, when he went away the chain and key were missing but the watch was there. Mr. Chambers committed him to take his trial at the next Quarter Sessions. Assault. — Alice E'Elroy summonsed Mrs. Mary Jones for an assanlt committed on her on Saturday last. Mrs. Jones appeared at the Polico Office on Thursday last to answer to the eomplaint. The oomplainant bore evidence of dissipated habits the defendant appeared a decent quiet person. When the investigation had pro oeeded a considerable length, the Bench dismissed the ease, recommending the oomplainant, Alice M'Elroy to take the pledge Obscene Language. — John Armstrong caused Margaret Ryan . to appear on Thursday morning before the Bench, for having used the most obscene expressions towards him, without having given her any provocation. The parties live in Robin Hood lane ; the defendant is the mother of three children. On the payment of the costs and a reprimand from the Benoh she was liberated. . Assault.— Mr, Doddery, of Cudgee, brought Charles Chatfield before the Bench on Thursday morning for an assault committed by him on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Doddery complained to defen dant of having turned bis horse into his (Dodderey's) garden. .Some altercation took place, whereupon Chatfield struck Doddery. Assault proved, defendant fined £1 6s. 4d., which he immediately paid. Threatening Language— Ann Tooley oaused Jane Carter to appear on summons on Thursday morning, at the Police Office, for using threatening language towards her. The parties are next door neighbours in Cumberland-street, and the defendant was formerly an inmate of the asylum at Tavbau Creek, and likewise weilknown to Mr. M'Lerio when he acted as Governor at Darling- hurst Gaol. The Magistrates succeeded in arranging the matter between the parties, and defendant by paying the costs, was allowed to return home. Plaintiff promising not to interfere with her, or annoy her. The Small Nugget.— A young man named Thomas Rain, on his way to Sydney from California, bad a quantity of gold stolen from him while on board the ship. He arrived here a month ago, and he gave information to the poliee as soon as he arrived, that he had been robbed, he looked into all the shop windows where gold was exposed for sale, but could identify none of his until last T esday when he saw a small piece in Mr. Nash's shop window which he swore was his. After hearing the case the magistrate said, he conld make no order respecting the pieoe of gold, and all the satisfaction he reoeived, was to see it handed back into the hands of the purchaser Mr. Nash. Water Police. — Before the Water Police Magistrate, Captain .Parley, ana Mr. u. tt. Chambers,— the Case op the ihomas Aebuthnot. — This Court was occupied on Thursday week last nearly the whole of the day in hearing the legal gentlemen who were employed to eonduot it. Captain Bannatyne employed Mr. Nichols, and John Smith and Charles Fiddic, two of his seamen, employed Mr. Martin. The captain charged them with desertion. The Bench deferred judgment, which was given on Tuesday, after eaoh of the Magistrates having given their reasons for arriving at the conolusion they had, which was, that the two prisoners be sent to Darlinglmrst Gaol, to be kept there at hard labour for 21 dayB. . Charges of Theft. — Ellen Ryan was .charged on Monday last by Edward Johnson, with stealing a ten pound note from him in a certain house in Kent-street. Wbeu she was apprehended, no note was found upon her — she was discharged. — James Harvey was also charged, on Monday last, with stealing five pairs of uppers of Wellington .boots, the property of Mr. Barry, boot and shoe maker. The evidence disproved the possession of the boots with any felonious intent. Ho was therefore discharged. Water Police Office. — On Thursday last, Richard Ingledon, a seaman belonging the Black River Packet, was charged by the master of that vessel with wilful and continued neglect of duty. When aked hia rr.asou for so conducting himself, he replied that he had Mr. Martin's advice, and said it was very hard after having paid for legal advice, that he should be puuished for it. The worthy Magistrate could not see with tho same eye9 as Jack, am! sentenced him to twelve week's imprisonment with I ard labour. Arthur Matthews and William Mureton, two seamen belonging to to the William Prowse, were brought up charged with desertion, but as the vessel had sailed, tliey wero discharged. Characthrist.c — Some years ago, we remember the circum stance of a man asking leave of the commanding officer of a ship to go on shore, It was impossible under the circumstances, to allow him to do so. Well then he replied here's thirty guineas, and as I cannot have an hour on shore to spend them, they shall go to Davy's locker, and with these words he threw them into the sea On Thursday laat, a seaman was arraigned before Mr. Campbell, on the charge of refusing to go to sea. All he wanted was just time enough on shore to spend the laat half sovereign , which was denied him. He was sent on board forthwith. Theft. — On Friday woek, S3rjeant Hodge apprehended an old woman, named Emma Armstrong, for stealing a table cloth from the house of Mrs. Carmicbael, on the South Head Road. A servant girl named Mary Rtland gave evidence against the prisoner, who was brought before Mr. Chambers at the Police Court on Saturday last, and was remanded until Monday for the testimony of Mrs. Carmichae', who then appeared and gave her evidence. The woman was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Got Away after All. — It will be in the remembrance of the pnblic that John Ogle, lately a solicitor of tho Supreme Court, was tried for forgery, found guilty, and sentenoed : by some point of law thai wa3 raised in bis favor, he escaped the judgment, but wan subsequently apprehended again on the same charge, and remandc-d from day to day until Wednesday next, when, for want of the necessary means to detain him, he was discharged. Stealing Money. — Oa Thursday morning, two persons were placed before the Bench to answer to the charge of having stolen the sum of £4 10s , the property of C ark Hughstone, the laudlord ftP fllA nnKlSn V ftn oft of C\ o rn ' Tlva TrT t\Y\ oaf 1 W ""MOW Ub VUlUlUWtVU, WUI.V.AA A"V --AAVAA man." Casey, who was present with Hughstone was at first accused of being privy to the robbery, but was afterwards dis charged, there being no proof against him, while Hancock, the other man, was committed to tako his trial, but admitted to bail Mr. Brenan conducted the prosecution, Mr. Roberts the defence. Inquest.— An inquest was field at the ' Currier's Arras," Bathurst-street, on Saturday last, on view of tho body of W. Roberts, then lying dead. It appeared from the evidence that thy deceased was a cab proprietor, and about fifty years of age. He was Bubject to fits. On Friday night he went to bed as usual. About 3 or 5 o'clock on Saturday morning he was seized with fits, which followed ia quick succession, until he expired. Dr. Tierney's opinion was, that death had proceeded from epiieptie fit?, and the Jury returned a verdict accordingly. Accident. — Oa the 27th ultimo Mr. Simmons' horse and gig were standing near Mr. Campbell's wharf, wbeu suddenly the horse took fright and rushed down George-street towards the Queen's Wharf, when one of the wheels struck against the end ot the kerb stone and with a rabound the vehicle after running partly on the pavement upset. An infirm old man named Richard Dwyer residing at Pyrmont, was walking along the pavement with a pair of milk cans, and not being able to get out of the way was struck by the wheel of the gig and knocked down. The injuries he has sustained are very severe ; but there is no reason to fear any fatal result. He was severely wounded from head to foot on the right side, but not mortally. By the order of Mr. Simmons he was conveyed in a cab to his residence, whither he requested to be taken. It is to be hoped that this ocoumnce will be a warning to persons not to leave their vehicles in the streets without some one to. guard them. A paltry fee to a boy for so doing, may be the means of saving their property and the lives of others from destruction. The Muses and the Graces. — Ann Malarky and Ellen Anderson, sylphs of the fountain, were placed before the sitting Magistrate on Monday last, for having played the part of Syrens to Mary Prioe on Thursday last, who decoyed at first by their voices, had the temerity to fall within their oiutohes, when a tierce assault was committed on her by them at the fountain in Kent- street, whither they had gone for water. Defendants deprecated the charge, stating that the complainant had kept them unneces sarily long, thereby assisting another person who brought his bucket there after them; they acknowledged he assault, but stated that they had likewise suffered severely in the contest. They were found guilty of the charge, fined 5s. and 4x. 6d. costs between the lovely pair. A Wedding. — On the 23rd April, the sitting Magistrates on the Goulburn Bench were occupied iu hearing a case, the merits of which may be gathered from the following particulars On the 15th. of the above month, a female servaut of Mr. and Mrs. Phillips' who reside at Lansdown, near the township, was married by the Rev. W. Ross, but previous to the performance ef the cere- money, she and her friends were regaled with cuke and wine in the parlour. Mr. and Mrs. P. having left the house to them, that they might be present at the ceremony. Thomas Jones, their hired servant, and holding a ticket-of-leave, was allowed on this ocoaBion to enter the house. There were two watches in the room, one lying on the table, worth £20 : another on the mantlepiece, worth £100. Jones oompared the time by them with his own. The weddiDg party shortly after left the house, and were driven in a pise ton by Jones. From- the evidenoe adduced it appeared that no strangers had called during the temporary absence of the mas ter and mistress. The front door was also secured when all parties left, and that Jones was the first to return, and drove up to the back door of thejiouae, and also went into the kitchen, his manner was hurried, and he took a saddle horse and rode towards Goul burn. On his road he was met by his master and mistress, to whom he said that Flora, one of the bridesmaids, bad left a parcel behind her, which he was taking to her : it also appeared that no parcel had been received by Flora, who stated that she bad left no parcel there. The evidence brought before the Bench showed that Jones equivocated in his statements, and ultimately said that his excuse ior going into Goulburn was a fie. Their worships did not consider the evidence sufficient to commit him, but they would recommend his tioket to be cancelled. Previous to this investiga tion, the watches were by some means or other returned. A Lunatic.— About midday on the the 22ad April a woman in Auburn-street, Goulburn, armed herself with a knife, which she had previously sharpened, and determined to kill some one if possi ble. Several had a narrow escape ; she was at last secured in consequence of a man of color encountering her with a stick, and bringing her to the ground ; she was then taken home and secured. Chinksb Loboukkk. — Several of these people passed through the Town of Goulburn, on Saturday last, on their way to the Mur- rumbidgee ; they bad been a long time on the road. The man who had charge of them had three of them before the Bench at Ber- rims, for attempting to cut b.s throat. Gold Dl>rRicT8.-— -His Excellency the Governor-General has appointed Edward James Conpbell North, Esq , to be Culleo or of Royalty, at Louisa Creek, in the room of It. chard Tasker Furlong, Esq., deceased. Result of Sales of . Real Property. — The following p'o.ierties were sold by public auction, by Mr. J. G. Cohen. 1\. Allotment of land in Gaorge-street, opposite the Dock Yard ; frontage, 21 feet 2 inches, depth, 91 feet: bought by Mr. J. W. Roche, for £415. 2. Four acres, one rood, six perches, at the rear of Parsley Bay, being a portion of the Vaucluse Eitate: bought by Mr. W. H. Aldis, at £31 per acre. 3. One half acre allotment St. Leonard's, North Shore ; bought by Jacob Mark0, for £50. 4 and 5. Two allotments at New Town, 28 feet frontage, known as O'C rautll Town : bought by Mr. C. Walker, at 31s. per foot. 6 and 7. Two half- acre allotments, at Braid wood : bought by Mr. William Terry, for £39 each. 8 and 9. Two half-acre allotments, at Braidwood: bought by Mr. A.Davy, at £35 each. 10, 11, and 12. Three half acre allotments, at Yass ; bought by Mr. J. Marks, at £ 16 each. 13, 14, and 15. Three half-acre allotments, at Kiaraa: bought by Mr. S. Owen, at £18 10s. Total amount of sales, £936 8s. Mark of Respect,— The Rev. J. J. M'Clelland who has for some time been stationed at Penrith, has been removed to Parra- matta and the Rev. Mr. Brennan of the latter place has gone to Penrith. On Sunday last the former Rev. gentleman, after the celebration of Divine Service at Penrith, left that place for the new scene of his labours at Parramatta. He was followed by the good wishes of the inhabitants to whom he had drach endeared himself by his affability and general deportment during the time he has resided amougsi them. He was accompanied to as far as the South Creekjby a very large number, on horseback, of the inhabitants of Penrith and the district, of all religious denominations, who expressed their determination to proceed with him all the way to Parramatta, but the Rev. gentleman after thanking them in tho warmest manner for this manifestation -of their regard said he could not think of thus trespassing upon their time, and as they bad accompanied him so far, he trusted they would then return. Mutual good wishes for eaoh others weilfaro and kindly greetings were then exchanged and the parties separated. heavy isains. — f lood in the .Brisbane. — something nearly approaohing to the long predicted flood of the Brisbane hat- juBfc commenced in this district. The rain, which, as mentioned in our last, was falling heavily on the evening of yesterday week continued to pour down in violent torrents throughout the whole7 of that night, and, with slight intermissions, next day. The rain recommenced on Sunday night, and again fell in great volumes. It wa3 conjectured from the course apparently taken by the raiu clouds tbat the creeks would be flooded, and accordingly a strong and rapid stream of fresh water was running down the Brisbane on Saturdayjnight. In the course of that night or next morning a considerable number of casks of tallow, which had been washed off the wharves of the boiling houses near Ipswich, came floating down, the stream, with trees, logs of timber, vegetables, and other stray articles ; and amongBt them on Sunday morning was a great portion of the shingled roof of Mr. John Smith's tallow shed, which had been lifted up and carried away by the flood. Many persons put . off in boats, to endeavour to secure some of the pro perty, and we believe that the greater part has been recovered. In all there were about thirty-five casks of tallow washed away, belonging to Messrs. R. J. Smith, Fleming, and J. Smith, Many of the casks were carried to a considerable distance down the river during the Saturday night, and required a quick pursuit before they could be secured, and a heavy pull hack against the freBb. Unfortunately we have to record losses of valnable property which was not so promptly recovered as the foregoing. In Mr. Walter Gray's store at Ipswich, besides a small quantity of new' drapery goods being damaged, a number of bales of wool in the shed on the wharf were rapidly submerged by the rising of the Bremer, and the shed carried away. A quantity of bay, some accounts Bay 13 and some 20 trusses, was also carried off. Accounts also differ with regard to the number of bales of wool. Our last information was that there has been 15 or 16, and tbat some of them were recovered after the flood subsided, leaving 8 still missing. The greater part of it was greasy wool, and consequently that recovered can be handwashed. Messrs, Reid and Boyland's store was also flooded, but it does not appear that anv material loss was sustained. We are informed by a person of credit tbat the Bremer rose 24 or 25 feet. Mr. John Williams' coalpits were submerged and reports were brought down that the roof had fallen in and completely choked up the pits ; but subsequent accounts are more favourable, and Mr. Williams is likely to repair all damages in a few days. At one of the creeks on the other side of Ipswich, the flood rose so rapidly that it carried away- two drays encamped on its banks. One of these belonged to Godfrey O'Rourke, the carrier, and is said to have been chiefly loaded with tallow and sheepskins, The other was loaded with wool, belonging to Mr. Crowder. This last named loading has, we hear, been principally recovered fince by Mr. Hugh Allan, of Warrel. Mr. Ferrier'a drays had just crossed the creek before the flood came down, and they escaped. At the Rosewood Scrub, a traveller who was riding down towards Ipswich, through one vast sheet of water, which covered the fiat lands in that locality, and reached to the saddle flaps, saw seme diays of Mr. Goggs' fastened with ropes to the trees, and having the water up to tho top tier of loading, At the Woolpack Inn, on the road, the water lay around like one large sea. At Mr. Dunyere's Inn, near 4 Little Liverpool," the flood completely carried away the fences of tho paddock and stockyard, and left the house standing in the centre of a great lal e. The extent of the damages and loss sustained in all quarters cannot yet be ascertained, - but no doubt many more cases have oecnred than have yet come to our knowledge. Providentially, so far as is yet known, no loss of human life has occurred. It would appear that the rain extended to tho Upper Brisbane, as a large fresh poured down the bed of that channel, and backed up the flood at the junction of the Bremer. Although the stream came down with great strength, so mnch so as completely to turn back the flood tide, and to make the river fresh nearly as far down as its mouth, there was not much actual rise in the neighbourhood of Brisbane, owing to the wide outlet. The steamboat Hawk attempted to make the passage to IpBwich on Sunday last, but after going about eighteen miles, wss compelled to turn back, and the first trip since the flood was made by the Swallow on Thurs day last. Most of the creeks have now gone down to their usual level, and there has not been any rain since Monday morning ; but the weather still has an unsettled appearance. A letter from Drayton, dated 9th instant states that there had been heavy rains there on the previous night; and a gentleman who had arrived from the southern part of Darling Downs reported that a great deal of rain had fallen during the journey. A man who came up from the bay in his boat on Friday or Saturday night, asserted positively that he had fallen in with some bales of wool and trusses of hay near the mouth of the river, and that he had attempted to secure them, without success ; but it gseems highly improbable thai wool should float that distance from Ipswich (between Bixty and seventy miles), and we have not heard of anv I being lost from Brisbane, - \- Moreton Baj Courier April 17. 