A Chapter of Solids. Kind Wardt do not Con Much.-They never bllitir the tongue or lips, sud we hare never liraid of any mental trquble arising from this quailcr. Though they Jo not ait much-1. They help one's own good nature. Soft words tofien your own soul. Angry words are fuel lo the Hume nf wrath, and make it blas; more, fiercely.- 2. Kind words make other peo|i'e good-natured. Cold words freeze ? people, and liol words scorch them, and bitter words make them bitter, and wrathful worda make them wrathful. There is auch a rush of all other kinds of words in our days, that it stems desii able to give kind word* a chance among them. There are vain words, and idle words, and hasty words, and spiteful words, and silly words, and empty words, and profane worda, and bola ter ou s words, and warlike words. Kind worda also produce their own image on men's souls. And a beautiful imaRe lt is. They smooth, and quiet, and comfort the hearer. They shame him out of his sour, moroar, unkind feelings. We have not yet la-gun to use kind words, In such abundance as they ought lo be used.- Poscat. Mental Power.-'the activity and intensity of all montai power, seems to depend on the re- moval of bodily impediment.- Dr Moore. J're'entiun.-Many persons obtain a reputa- tion and influence by mere pretension. They pretend to know everything and everybody. By obtaining a smattering of almost every subject, an impression of thorough knowledge ls easily given, (specially if good conversational poners can I* brought into use. But this outer covering can he easily seen through by men of real "knowledge and genius. Il is but little pleasure they enjoy after all ; for, while assuming an air of superiority, and feeling the pleasure of power, they must feel at the same time tlie meanness of the deception, and the contempt «hielt men of real character feel towards them. Wrongdoing.-When once a weighty sin has trod down the lenee, each pelly vice will easily step over. A breach once made, the city ia in danger to be lost. To think we shall be wiser by being wickeder, is tba simple mistake of man. Ignorance herein ia better than knowledge ; and it is far better to want discourse than guilt. Alas ! we know not what rich joya we hue.whrn first we launch Into a new ollence. The world cannot re-purchase us our pristine cUar in- tegrity.- Feltham. Our Own World.-Every man we meet, carril a about with him in the unperceived soli- tude of his bosom, a little world of his own ; and we are just as blind, and as insensible, and aa dull, both of perception and of sympathy about bia engroaaing objecta, aa lie is about ours-did we stiffer this observation to have all ita' weight upon ua, il might serve to make us more candid and more considerate of other». Morality without Rtllyion.-He that has no religion to govern bis morality, ia not a dram better than my mastive dog-so long BS you stroke him and please him, and do not pinch him, he will piny with you, as finely as may be : lie ia a very good moral maatifT, but if you hurt him, he will fly in your face, and tear out your throat.-Seiden. Deepondency. - Hone awakens courage, while despondency is the last of all evils ; il ia the abandonment of good, the giving up the battle of life with dead nothingness. He who cnn infuse courage into the août ia the beat physician. Often from nur weokneases our strongeat prin- cipia of conduct are born ¡ and fruin' the acorn «hich a breeze has wafted, springs tho oak which di fies the storm. Quarrels would never last long if the faults were on one aide only. Hard warda have never taught wisdom, nor does truth require them. To be humble to superior! is duty-to equals, ia courtesy-to inferiora, is nobleness-and to all. safety. WIT ia not the produce of study j it comes almoet as unexpectedly on the speaker as on the hearer j one of the first principles of it is good temper- the arrows ol wit ought always to be feathered willi amilea-»hen they fail to be ao, they become a aarcaam. True.-Eliza Cook aaya truly, in her Journal, that '* Those who are honest because it ie the bet' policy, are half way to being rogues." Be Faithful.-L-ve is of the nature of a burning-glass, which kept still in a place firethi changed often, it dolli nothing. Do You Know It r- lt ia lesa difficult to hide a tbouaand pound» than a hole in one'a coat. It it to_The belt thoucrhu are ever aw if test winged-tho duller lag behind.' There la no aafe path betide» that of duty. Repining at losses is only putting pepper into a sore eye. Guilt, though lt may attain temporal splen- dour, ran never confer real happiness. The evil consequences of our crimes , long survive their cnmmlssion, and like tito ghosts or tlie murdered, for ever haunt the step» of the male- factor. The paths of virtue, though seldom Hinte of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. Advrriity.- Adveralty exasperates fools, de- jecta cowartla, draws out the faculties of the wise and industrious, puts the modest to the necessity of. trying their »kill, awes the opulent, and make» the idle Induitriotti. lt ia better lo be laughed at than ruined-bet- ter to have a wife who. like Martial'» Mamurra, cheapen» every thing, and buy» nothing, than to be impoverished hy one whose vanity will purchase evi ry thing, but whose pride will cheapen nothing. ... Spare moments are like the gold dust nf tlmei and Young was writing a true aa «ell aa a striking line when he taught*that 11 Sande'make the mountain, and momenta make th» yeur." Of all the portions of our life, spare momenta aro the most fruitful in good aa evlli they are gaps through « hieb temptations find tba easiest acceaa to the garden of the aoul. Ingratitude.-A man who waa rescued from drowning; In Boston, abused tlie man who re- scued him because he had not saved bia hat. Order and distribution, and singling nut of parts, are the life of dispatch, an that the distri- bution be not too aublle: for he that doth not divide will never enter well into business, and he who divldeth too much will never come out of lt clearly. ' ? 1 