FAITH OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS. 'We believe in God the eternal Father, and his Son Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost. ' We believe men will be punished for their own sins, ana not lor Adam s transgressions. ' We believe that through . the atonement of Christ all mankind may be saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel. ' We believe that these ordinances are: — 1st, Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. 2nd, Repentance. 3rd, Baptism by immersion for the remission of sins. 4th, Laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Spirit. 5th, the Lord's Supper. ' We believe that men, must be called of God by inspiration, and by laying on of hands by those who are duly commissioned to preach the Gospel, and administer in the ordinances thereof. 'We believe in the same organization that existed in the primitive Church, viz. : — apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists, &c.; ' We believe in the powers and gifts of the everlasting Gospel, viz., the gift of faith, discerning of spirits, prophecy, revelation, visions, healing, tongues and the ' interpretation of tongues, wisdom, charity, brotherly love, &c.; ' We believe in the Word of God recorded in the Bible ; we also believe the Word of God re corded in the Book of Mormon, and in all other good books. ' We believe all that God has revealed ; all that he does now reveal; and we believe that be will yet reveal many more great and important things per taining to the Kingdom of God, and Messiah's second coming. ' We believe in the literal gathering of Israel, and in the restoration of the ten tribes ; that Zion will be established upon the western continent; that Christ will reign personally upon the earth a thousand years ; and that the earth will be renewed, and receive mm in its paraaisaicai giory. ' We believe in the literal resurrection of the body, and (hat the dead in Christ will rise first, and that the rest of the dead live not again until the thousand years are expired. 'We claim the privilege of worshipping Al mighty God according to the dictates of our con science unmolested, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how or where they may. . ' We believe in being subject to kings, queens, presidents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law. ' We believe in being honest, true, chaste, tem perate, benevolent, virtuous, and upright, and in doing good to all men ; indeed, we may say that we follow the admonition of Paul, we ' believe all things,' we ' hope all things,' we have endured very many things, and hope to be able to ' endure all things.' Everything virtuous, lovely, praiseworthy, and of good report, we seek after, looking forward to the ' recompense of reward.' ' — From the Mormons or Latter-Day Saints. Wharf Robbery. — On the night of the 22nd instant, some daring thieves ripped open a bale of print dresses, belonging to Mr. Louis Barnett, of Hindley-street, and which had been temporarily deposited on the Queen's Wharf. About one-fourth of the prints were stolen. Yesterday afternoon, one of the pieces was brought to light, and as other traces of the thieves have been discovered by the police, there is a probability of their capture and ultimate conviction. ' Model Stokes for the Diggings.' — A notice of various similar preparations in this city has induced us to extract the following paragraph, headed as above, which appears in the Melbourne Argus of Marsh 26 : — ' Messrs. Hailes and Hale, the builders, have been actively engaged for the but few weeks in constructing several large movable wooden houses which are intended for transmission to the Gold regions. They are all put together with screw bolts, and are so contrived as to admit of being erected in a few hours. The builders are now employed on their eighth or ninth house ; it is fifty feet in length, and has accommo dation, if necessary, for fifty beds or stretchers. We want a few more such enterprising workmen as Messrs. Hailes and Co., and the canvas dwellings of Mount Alexander will soon be Bupplanted by Ions streets of substantial wooden buildings.' The Argus does not inform us of what materials the ' Model Sores ' are chiefly composed, but we presume they are built of deal as being the lightest. We learn, however, that within some 25 miles from Mount Alexander, there is a vast forest of magnificent stringy bark. Yankee Phrases. — We were to change stages here ; and as I was the only passengers, I asked the new coachman, as soon as I had dined, if he was waiting for me. ' I am not waiting for you, nor anybody else, ' was the not very civil reply, as I caught it. I made no remark ; but, after lingering about some time longer, and seeing him still in the house apparently waiting, I asked him again if he was ready. He answered he was waiting for me. It then came out that his answer to my first question was, 'I am waiting for nobody else ' — a singular round about form of expression, not uncommon in some parts of New England. ' Do you know So-and-so ? ' a person will ask. ' I don't know anything else, ' will be the reply— meaning that he met the pereon, and probably many other besides. It is rare in any country to meet a provincialism so obviously awkward as this. ' I don't know as I sha'n't ' which is common in eastern Massachusetts, is not nearly so bad ; thoush both imply a kind of grudging spirit, which is unwilling, to favour you with a direct answer. ' Do tell, ' used in New England for Indeed ! wonderfull ! has much brevity, and a little waggery in it. A stranger, when tell ing a story, is greeted, when he has finished, with exclama tion, ' Do tell! ' meaning simply, ' Do you tell me so ! ' bat asking him really to tell it grain. But, if he do repeat the story in bis simplicity, his hearer listens to him with amnement ; and when he has finished, repeats also, to his still greater surprise, 'Do tell ! '— Johnston's Note* on North America. 