Heßtslaube Council. THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. The Speaker took the chair at the usual hour. Mr. NUTT gave notice for Tuesday for leave to introduce a Bill for the better advancement of justice, and the appointment of certain Commissioners of the Supreme Court of Van Diemen's Land. The Chairman of Committees reported the Main Road Act Amendment Bill, ORDER OF THE DAY. PORTS' REGULATION BILLSON COMKTTTM.) The House then went into Committee for the further consideration of this Bill. The 42nd section, after the discussion on which the Committee reported progress on Tuesday, being again read, the Attorney-General was about to state the position of the Committee on the clause, and adverted to Mr. Gleadow's motion to expunge it altogether, when Mr. Gleadow intimated his intention not to press his amendment, but to propose a clause with a view to omit any reference to penal matters they had been so long in the habit of seeing the names of persons arriving and departing, that perhaps it would be desirable to have a clause providing for the delivery of lists cfpa«i«ng«r». The COLONIAL SECRETARY said the Positions which the government stood was this. that so long as they had a penal body in the colony, the clauses to which exception was taken, were deemed absolutely necessary for the protec tion of the public and to prevent the escape of convicts ; they could not permit this Act to pass without these clauses being passed In some shape. But if the House would not sanction their enact- ment, he had to propose that in the repealing clause in the preamble, so much of the Act 5 Vict. No. 6 should be excepted as would retain those protective clauses they desired The effect would be to retain search of the existing law as was deemed necessary for public protection, and (he would not disguise it from the House also the preventing prisoners who were here, from making their escape If that proposal were acceded to, then the whole of the beneficial parts of the Bill would be kept intact. He thought this compromise would relieve some of the main bers-not all-who entertained strong feelings on these points, (hear, hear,) and he stated thus much under the firm conviction that this was one of the most beneficial measures that could be brought forward. Mr. GLEADOW could not altogether agree to the proposition of the hon. and learned Colonial Secretary ; he hoped he should never facetiously oppose the government, but his opposition was grounded on the views he entertained as an anti-transportation. (Hear, hear.) Compromise was all very well on some occasions, but compromise on this question he never would be a party to He did not wish to influence others by is views, but consistency required him to take the course he proposed. If the government liked to withdraw the Bill altogether, and bring up such a Bill as they could entertain, he, for one, was ready to forward any legislation that would be for the benefit of the colony. (Hear, hear.) Compromise, in his opinion, should not have been asked, and he hoped it would not be acceded to. (Cheers.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL supported the Colonial Secretary's proposition, because, until the question of transportation shall have been settled, and even afterwards, the clause would be requisite : besides, circumstances would compel the government to retain it, and if the hon. and learned member (Mr. Gleadow) persisted in his amendment, they would be obliged to sacrifice the beneficial suggestions of the Commissioners. * Mr SHARLAND thinking the government had gone as far as they could, approved of the proposition of the Colonial Secretary. Mr. GLEADOW, in reference to the observations of the hon. and learned Attorney-General, ventured to say that his sentiments with regard to the practicability of producing a measure without reference to the obnoxious clauses would be different as a private and professional individual, than they were as a representative of the government Mr. ALLISON. Then the hon. gentleman does not do the Attorney-General justice (Cries of Order.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL.-It's of no consequence, if the hon. and learned member for Cornwall is of that opinion. Mr. GLEADOW The Attorney-General Is, as sensitive on all points of honour as the hon. member from Streamshall ; but we have so often met with interruptions from the same quarter, that I am sorry I so often forget myself as to notice anything he said. The CHAIRMAN'S must say, I heard nothing from the hon. and learned member (Mr. Gb adow) that could be construed into an imputation of motives. Mr. GLEADOW (in continuation) said that if the Act were withdrawn, and brought up in that shape that was likely to meet with the approval of the majority of the members, it would be most desirable ; this was not the way in which it could be entertained at the same time he did not wish hon. members to be influenced one tittle by his (Mr. Gleadow's) views. Mr. ALLISON, after some remarks on the inconsistency of hon. members on this question, and referring to the fact that it was only the other day the Council passed an Act to prevent small debtors from leaving the colony clandestinely, said if they passed an Act to prevent any more convicts from coming here, he could understand it but the fact was, they had them here, and they must be coerced. The question of convictism was not to be carried out so far as to affect the interests of the colony. The hon. member then warmly expressed himself as to the remark of the hon. and learned member for Cornwall that he was often interrupted, and said he had as much right to express his opinion as the hon and learned member. Did hon. members on the other side think to prevent him from addressing the House ? Did they think they alone had the right to give an opinion ? Whether they chose to taunt him (Mr. Allison with want of education, or want of sense, he defied them to say he had any motive but an honourable one. (Question, question.) The CHAIRMAN I am bound to say, the hon. member from Streamshall is not speaking to the question, and has not been for some time. Mr. Allison concluded his speech by stating he should vote for the clause proposed by the hon. and learned Colonial Secretary. Mr. CHAPMAN said it was remarked on a former occasion that none were so blind as those who would not see, but it appeared to him none were so stupid, he was going to say (a laugh) as those who would not pay attention to the pro- position before the Committee. The proposal of the hon. and learned member for Cornwall was not to expunge the clause, but to leave out those parts relating to convicts, still making it news, sary for masters of vessels to deliver lists of passengers to the Customs. (Mr. Allison here explained that he was not in the House when this was proposed ; there had been a motion for ex- purging the clause, and he thought that was the question under consideration.) The learned member then expressed his acknowledgments to the Attorney-General and the Executive for the attention they had given to the measure, which was highly appreciated, and in which the wishes of the mercantile body had been met entirely (hear, hear.) : but he would call attention to a resolution of that House in March last, being one of a series proposed by the hon. member (Mr. Gregson) " That the reform, or even the discipline of the mass of the criminals in this country is not to be hoped for that the Officers of the Convict Department themselves admit that 784 have absconded that the moral and social interests of the colony would be most effectually promoted if all the convicts sent here should escape as soon as they are landed that their escape would be illegal, but that this opposition of the law to the just feeling of the colonists forms another proof, if more evidence were required, of the evils of transportation." Now, it appeared to him, that as the hon. and learned Attorney-General was aware of such a resolution he could not imagine that the House would so far stultify itself as to pass a Bill re-enacting convict law and for himself, be (Mr. Chapman) solemnly declared he would be no party to the passing of any measure, by which such convict laws should be perpetuated on the contrary, he declared his readiness to unite in seeking their repeal. (Hear, hear.) He therefore hoped that on no other occasion a Bill containing such clauses would be brought forward in that House. (Hear, hear.) At the same time, he cheerfully assented to the proposition of the Colonial Secretary; ha> was / satisfied the House could not assent to the Bill as it stood, while under existing circumstances the Executive could not dispense with the obnoxious clauses. (Hear, hear.) The COLONIAL SECRETARY said it might be as well for him to state, after the strong reasons given by hon. members opposite, that nothing could render it possible to obtain the benefits proposed by the measure, unless the security of these clauses were retained, either in the Bill, or by excepting the clauses in the 3 Vict. No. 5, in the preamble, as proposed. Those clauses ran from 25 to 35 in that Act. Mr. GREGSON was disposed to concede to the hon, and learned Colonial Secretary's Boggis, tion. but he hoped they would soon get rid of the convict clauses altogether, and even the mention. of the word. It was said of America that they got their Adam and Eve from Newgate, (a laugh,) but there was nothing in their Statute Book to show who their Adam and Eve when he (Mr. Gregson) hoped that would soon be the ,, Gaubert, had was by the Statute Book of Van "Diemen's Land being purged of all reference to conviction, it would not be known why our Adam and Eve were, (loud laughter,) whether they came from Newgate or elsewhere. Mr. ALLISON. don't think the people of Van Diemen's Land came from Newgate (Hear hear ) The section was then expunged on the understanding that the preamble should be altered for the purpose of retaining the existing clause of the 2 Vict. No. 5 The same course was adopted with section 43, 45, 46, and 47, after some allusions to the provisions of the Passengers' Act, 12 and 13 Vict., ch 33, and also again to the convict question which Mr. Gleadow called the " unmentionable" subject. In the course of discussion the Colonial Secretary admitted that these clauses most be vexatious to respectable masters of vessels, and that some of them he should be glad to get rid of. The 5th section introduced into the Bill at the instance of the Port Officer was objected to by Mr. Chapman, and defended by the Attorney-General, who stated that it was not in the exist- ing Act, but was deemed necessary. The clause was as follows :-" That no master of or person commanding any vessel shall make the usual signal for the purpose of having such vessel so examined and searched, or shall permit or suffer the same to be made or shall require such vessel to be so examined and searched until such vessel . shall be fully prepared to sail and ready to proceed to sea immediately in all respects except being so examined and searched as aforesaid' Mr. Chapman said, at present ships often had the clearing flag flying several hours before the clearing officer arrived. The Attorney-General read the recommendation of the Port Officer in which he stated that masters frequently made signals hours before their ships were ready and the hon. and learned gentleman said the Port Officer would hardly have made such a statement if not warranted by the facts. The Colonial Secretary observed that it was for the convenience of all parties that the signal should be made at the moment when the ship was ready. Mr. Chap- man said it was not the practice of the Port Officer to go on board himself; the convict officers went in the police boat to clear the ship, and they were often many hours after the signal made. It was a common complaint of masters of vessels that they were kept waiting for hours for the search. The Attorney-General here proposed to substitute the word " cleared' for " examined and searched," but it was stated by Mr. Chapman that the clearance was in practice, handed to the pilot who gave it to the captain on leaving the ship. It was evident this clause was merely for convict purposes, and he would not consent to it. He also repeated what he had previously stated, and in which he was confirmed by the members for the Huon, and Sorell that the flags were frequently flying five or six hours before the clearing officer arrived. The Colonial Secretary said the Port Officer having been deceived so often, it was very likely he would think the masters were only crying " wolf." Mr. Chapman said it had been in contemplation by the Chamber of Commerce to recommend that the masters should be enabled to get their clearance at once from the Port Office. The question was then put on Mr. Chapman's amendment, that the clause be expunged, when the clause was negatived. On a division, the numbers were For striking out clause. 17 Against a 10 Majority". 1 Clause 52 to 55 inclusive, having been agreed to, the 56th giving power to the Lieutenant-Governor, to make rules for the governance of the ports and shipping, 45 led to considerable discussion. Mr. CHAPMAN proposed to omit the words " and otherwise generally for the better governance regulation and management of the ports and shipping within this colony as to such Lieutenant-Governor with such advice as aforesaid shall seem necessary or desirable." He thought it better to fix the regulations as much as possible ; it was not advisable to leave such general power to the Lieutenant-Governor to make regulations which would have the effect of law (hear, hear ) As a proof of what they would have to expect, the hon. member referred to certain regulations issued by His Excellency eighteen months ago in which the very rule which was discussed the other night, and was proposed to be enacted by the 14th clause of this bill was contained namely, prohibiting boats to go alongside of or board any vessel in the river until anchored. Mr GLEADOW wished to know what guarantee there would be against the Lieutenant Governor availing himself of this power, if granted, to make the very regulations to which the House had expressed its dissent. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the Council might rest satisfied that no such provisions, nor any provisions analagous to them would be attempted to be brought forward, after the expression of the opinion of the House, Mr. GLEADOW replied that his object was now obtained ; he mooted the question to obtain some such expression from some officer of the government. The COLONIAL SECRETARY observed that there must be a power somewhere to make bye-laws; and he thought the Government should have been saved from mistrust on the subject matter of this Bill) ; every suggestion made by the mercantile interest with reference to what would be suitable regulations would be in all cases attended to by the Executive. Mr. CHAPMAN still adhered to his opinion that this extensive power was unnecessary. The reclamation containing the regulations of 1851, had been chiefly on the recommendation of the Port Officer, without consulting the shipping interest in any way whatever, and the regula- tion to which he had referred had not been found to work well ; it was most obnoxious in its operation; yet he (Mr. Chapman) granted that the merchants had not applied to the Executive about it it was rather considered desirable to wait for the Legislative Council, and to state their grievances to that body. Mr. WALKER thought this clause altogether necessary; he must say he regretted to have heard doubts thrown out as to the Executive Government; why should the executive and Legislative Councils be always at variance? He did not sympathise with such remarks (hear, hear) ; such a power was necessary. There were differences of opinion respecting what had been called the obnoxious clause some thought it right that persons should be prohibited from boarding a vessel before it was anchored ; then one man could not get aboard sooner than another, either to obtain the agency of the vessel or to ascertain the state of the markets (govern, ment cheers.) Except on that " unmentionable subject" (a laugh) he thought they could go hand-in-hand with the Executive and he thought they would be able to go on much better if all that sort of feeling were laid aside. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SHARLAND intimated his intention to support the clause, as it now stood, feeling as. cured the Executive Government would not approve of any regulations contrary to the principle and spirit of this Act. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CHAPMAN then withdrew his amendment, intimating that he had no distrust in the Executive ; but having found in practice that a regulation had been made, most obnoxious in its operation, he was anxious to prevent a repetition of such at the instigation of the Port Officer. Mr. DRY said it had been his intention to vote for the clause of the Act as it stood, as being necessary. It was utterly impossible to legislate for every emergency that might arise in the management of the port. True, the functions of legislation belonged to that Council and by this clause, the power was merely delegated of the Executive and he (Mr. Dry concurred that no risk was ran thereby. At the same time he could not con cur in imputing to gentlemen who opposed such a delegation, that they had mistrust of the Executive in too many of the discussions that had taken place in the house, hon. members had been accused of being personal, where only principles were maintained (loud cheers) ; the hon. member for Hobart town did not mistrust the Executive ; but had contended that the principle of legislation belonged to that Council and it was dangerous precedent to part with il(hear,he»r) and give the Excutive the power to make rules which had the force of law and it could be said by a member of the House (without being chargeable with mi<trut.t)thnt it was a question whether a certain duty should belong to the Legislature or be delegated to the Executive. (Cheers.) In the first instance such power should rest in the Legislature, and it was only in peculiar circumstances, that they would give it to the Executive, and that without responsibility to that House. (Hear, hear.) In the present case, it seemed impossible to provide for the changing circumstances of the shipping and port by particular enactments ; he (Mr. Dry) confessed he saw no danger in the clause, and having perfect confidence in the proper exercise of the power, he should support the clause. (Cheers on both sides.) After a few words in explanation by the Col-. Secretary and Mr. Gleadow, the clause, with a trifling amendment, to render it uniform with other alterations, was agreed to, as also the remaining clauses with the exception of the Inter- pretation clause, which was ordered to stand over, for a definition of the terms " regular trader to be introduced. The Solicitor- General proposed, and the Committee agreed to the following additional section '. That this Act may he called and cited as The Ports Regulations Act. 1852'." The schedules to the Bill were then taken into consideration. To schedule A , Mr. Chapman proposed an increased rate of pilot dues to meet the deficiency in the salaries of the Pilots at the Port of Launceston, who Wore to have £40 a year from the general revenue ; which he (Mr. Chap- man) thought wrong in principle and unnecessary, when it was borne in mind that 310 vessels of 36 931 tonnage entered that port last year. The hon member handed in his list of rates, and proposed that the schedule should stand over for enquiry. The COLONIAL SECRETARY promised to make enquiry. Mr. GLEADOW said he was sorry to hear the proposal of the hon. member for Hobart Town on this subject. It was the fact that partly by nature and partly by neglect, the Tamar naviga- tion was much more difficult than leatherware would be and there was already sufficient impediments to create unwillingness to come to that port the House should therefore be careful how they increased those difficulties. He was inclined to think although on this point, his (Mr Gleadow's) opinion was not of much worth that as far as the shipping was concerned, the pilotage should be the same at both ports, and seeing so little had been done for Launceston, the diff. ciency (if any) might very properly be paid out of the public funds. (Hear, hear.) He trusted indeed he was sure the hon, and learned Col. Secretary would take every means with the view to obtain correct, information on the subject and if he found that several days would be necessary for the purpose, he (Mr Gleadow) would Write to Launceston, himself to ascertain the views of a few individuals on this question. The COLONIAL SECRETARY stated that the present arrangement was to give the? pilots at Launceston an extra £40 a year, upon the understanding that in a few years the business of the port would possibly be increased so as to provide sufficient remuneration and render the extra sum unnecessary. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL informed the committee that he had, in the course of that day, drafted the requisite Act to enable the government to establish a Steam Tug on the Tamar, by borrowing money for the purpose; and he hoped that when the Steam Tug came into operation, no increase of rates would be found necessary. Mr. CHAPMAN reminded the Committee of the direct benefits to be conferred upon the shipping by the present Bill, and particularly that the tax on tonnage was repealed He thought the ship owners would not object to his proposed rate of pilotage. Mr. DRY said he was glad to find the feeling of the government was against increasing the rates of pilot ago at Launceston, although he agreed with the hon. member for Hobart Town that they were not of such a nature as that they ought to be provided for out of the general revenue But under the peculiar circumstances of the town and port of Launceston the rule might be deviated from with advantage. For many years Launceston had contributed half the amount of revenue contributed by Hobart Town, and it was unnecessary for him to ask any member of that Committee, if a proportionate return had been made in the shape of public expenditure on Launceston. (Hear, hear.) He knew of necessity that a great amount of money must be spent on Hobart Town as the capital ; but taking into consideration the large amount of revenue contributed and the small amount expended, the com- mittee would have no difficulty in coming to the conclusion that any further burden on the shipping should be avoided In this case, exception was justifiable and he trusted that, before this session was over to be able to show the committee that something more than a small amount of pilotage was due from the colony to the neglected town of Launceston. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member then facetiously referred to the effect resulting from the prospect of any thing being done for that district, which was something like the alarm created by the appearance of a ghost-a thing so rare seeing that some consideration was actually about to be, at least, shown them He was bound to except the experience of the last year or two ; but up to that period, he must assert that no expenditure which could be decently avoided had taken place at Launceston ; up to this time the inconvenience experienced by the shipping, was very great ; the accommodation had not been attended to, except a small amount of wharfage. and scarcely a building hadformany years been erected in Launceston ; these things considered,and,that sosroall an amount of govern ment salaries had been spent there, they could not wonder that (until recently in consequence of the gold discoveries, which had tended to revive the trade of the towns and port) Launceston had been actually receding instead of advancing and he attributed the draining of the population, and the money away from the town, to that system of centralization which had of late been adopted. (Hear, hear) They might hope that now the question had been mooted, there would be a more liberal expenditure than there had been for past years and he trusted the House would decide and the hon. member for Hobart Town at once say that there should be no further restriction on the shipping there. (Loud cheers.) After a few words from Mr. Allison, Mr. Chapman withdrew his proposition, and schedule A was ordered to stand part of the Bill. Schedule B was technically altered, making the Light Duns payable by Coasters 3d per ton and every other vessel 6d., payable inwards, and passed. Schedule C fixing wharfage rates stood over to give time to consider a schedule recommended by the Chamber of Commerce, and which Mr. Chap- man said was estimated to yield £100 a year more than the rates stated in the Bill. The preamble was also ordered to stand over ; when the Chairman re-, ported progress and obtained leave to sit again on Thursday next. . PURCHASERS' PROTECTION BILL.' Mr. NUTT moved the second reading of this Bill stating its provisions very briefly. It was well known that a judgment was a Hen or charge upon all property, as long as it remained in force but frequently a debtor discharged his debt. without discharging the judgment from the register ; this Act proposed to facilitate the transfer of property by simplifying the enquiries into title, and rendering a judgment of no effect as against Lands, Tenements, &c.;, in Van Diemen's Land, after five years, unless re-registered. The next provision related to pending suits or Lispendens, which sometimes affected parties purchasing, and who might buy, not being aware of any such suits, and the object was to compel parties to register such suits, and re-register every five years. A third section referred to claims of the Crown upon the lands of parties indebted to the Crown ; such as all contractors who gave sureties for contracts, gentlemen who signed mercantile bonds, he. the Crown having a preferable lien or charge s and it might happen that parties might purchase of such person ; the object of the clause was to compel the crown within a given date to register the name and description of par i es against whom they intended to make any claim. He (Mr. Nutt had had a case in his omeo within the last month which showed the necessity for this measure, which was merely the introduction of the existing English law. At that late hour of the evening, he would not further detain the House, but content himself with moving that the Bill be read a second time. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL seconded the motion ; which met with his entire approval and he thought the honorable and learned gentleman was entitled to the thanks of the Council, for having introduced this measure. Mr. GREGSON said he should not oppose the motion, but desired to know whether it was an export facto law, and what was the meaning of it? The COLONIAL SECRETARY, - Tfs against the Crown and in favor of the subject. (Loud laughter.) Mr.GREGSON-Thon I'm perfectly satisfied (Continued laughter.) The Bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be commited to-morrow. MOTIONS. The petition against the Dock Bill, and petitions presented by Mr. Anstey, Mr. Gleadow, and Mr Chapman were next ordered to be printed. Mr. J. ARCHER moved, pursuant to notice, " That this Council do henceforth meet for the despatch of business on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at 12 o'clock at noon and that its daily sittings terminate at 5 o'clock in the afternoon of each of these days. That Monday and Saturday in each Sessional week be appropriated to Select Committee " The honor- able member supported the motion by reference to the slow progress already made with the business of the Session, and the hardship on country members some of whom were a hundred miles from home, being kept in town to suit the convenience of bankers, merchants, and government members, unnecessarily. He did not shrink from his duty, he had heard that great misfortunes had happened (by the floods) on his estate ; yet he should remain to perform his duty to his constituents and the Council. Mr. COX seconded the motion, which after discussion (in which the Colonial Secretary expressed his readiness to meet the hon. member for Longford's views as far as practicable, and Mr. Gregson,' Mr. Nutt, and other members had addressed the Council), was negatived. In answer to Mr. Anstey's question, put to the Colonial Secretary according to previous notice, the latter honorable and learned gentleman stated that the Lieut.-Governor had written to the Secretary of State relative to the Parliamentary Grant, for the purpose of in- reducing Immigrants at the cost of the British Treasury into those colonies which receive convicts, and the claim of Van Diemen's Land on that grant The other orders having been disposed of the House adjourned at five minutes before ten o'clock. FRIDAY. AUGUST 13. The whole of the Members present, except Messrs Kermode, Cleburne, and Gregson, (re- presentatives,) and R. O'Connor, and Bisdee, (nominees.) The Speaker, took the chair at 4 o'clock. No petitions or notices of motion. Mr. ANSTEY, as Chairman of the Select Committee an Immigration appeared at the bar, with the report of the Committee, which was then laid on the table. Mr. GLEADOW moved that the report be printed, which was seconded by Mr. Allison, who said a few words on the importance of the subject, and the necessity of the printing for general information. Question put and passed. Mr. GLEADOW moved, by leave of the Council without notice, that a petition presented by him some days previously, praying the House to pass a Bill for extending the jurisdiction of the Court of Requests in certain cases, be printed. Agreed to. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved that the Road Act Amendment Bill be read a third time on Tuesday. Passed. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL asked for leave, without notice, to introduce a Bill similar to the Imperial Act, to amend the Law of Evidence. Leave being given, the Bill was brought in, and ordered to be read a first time on Tuesday. PURCHASERS PROTECTION BILL. Mr. NUTT moved the Order of the Day for going into Committee on this Bill, and the Speaker left the Chair. The clauses in the Bill were then considered, and the blanks filled in. Some discussion took place with reference to the fees of registration under the Act. Mr. Sharland was of opinion that in introducing an English Act, they should fix the English scale of fees and in the 3rd clause moved 2s. 6d. as the fee for registration instead of 10s., as proposed by the Attorney-General, and Is. for search, instead of 2s. 6d. The Colonial Secretary remarked that the subject of fees appeared to be quite a matter of fee-fi-fo-fura to the hon. member (a laugh,) and recommended similar fees to those payable under the existing Registration Acts, or in other words, those proposed by the hon. and learned Attorney-General. Mr. J. Archer supported Mr. Sharland's amendment, and spoke strongly of the extortion in the shape of fees, practised in the public offices ; he also intimated his intention to propose enquiry if no other hon. member did so. The Attorney-General pointed out the want of analogy between the Registration Department at home and in this colony ; he considered the fees proposed not too high, in proportion to the service to be performed, and stated that the great amount of business in the mother country rendered a smaller fee remunerative, but that here there would not be units where at home there were thousands of registrations. Mr. Sharland's amendment was negatived, and the clause was carried with the sums filled in as moved by the Attorney- General Mr. Chapman raised the question of appropriation and that was fully discussed. It was stated on the part of the government that the Registrar paid over the fees verified on oath to the Colonial Treasury, and received a fixed salary ; the present Registration Act did not go the length of providing to that effect, although it directed periodical accounts of fees to be sworn to and sent in. A clause was ultimately prepared, and added, appropriating the fees received under the Act to the purposes of the Colonial Revenue. The Bill was then ordered to I be reported and the House resumed. The SPEAKER announced that His Excel. | lency had given the Queen's assent to the Steam Navigation Company's Act, and reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure the Customs' Amendment Act, The House then adjourned to Tuesday (this day) at 4 o'clock. 