WHAT FARMS, FARMING, AND FARMERS OUGHT TO BE. WE republish below an interesting letter addressed to the Editor of the Cumberland Pacquet, by "A FARMER." As to the instruction to be derived from it by practical Australian farmers, they will be the best judges; lut it appears to us that the subject of communication includes much to admire, and many particulars which may be imitated even here. There are many points in Mr. Hudson's system which will be startling to farmers generally. It appears that the rent is upwards of 23s. per acre for light Norfolk land. The average outlay for oil cake and artificial manures, over a period of twenty eight years, has been nearly £2,000 per annum upon 1,400 acres of land. The fat meat sent to Smithfield annually is upwards of £6 per acre over the whole farm. The labour amounts. to £2 per acre, notwithstand ing that steam power is made available in every possible way, thereby showing that the use of machinery does not decrease the employment of manual labour. He has this year 500 acres of wheat on a farm of 1,400 acres. The following is the substance of the letter referred to: "I went last Thursday to Castleacre, to visit my friend Mr. Hudson, whose name and writings are well known in the agricul tural world; and I need not say that I met with a most kind, liberal, and unostentatious reception. "It was twenty- eight years since Mr. Hudson took the Castleacre farm, under Lord Liecester, (then Mr. Coke), after hav ing cancelled five years of the old lease, by which he lost £500. His rent was then £1,500 per annum for 1,400 acres. Seven years ago the lease was renewed for twenty years, at £1,600 per annum-a fair rent at that time; but when we consider that the saleable value of the-estate has been in creased by Mr. Hudson's industry and out lay to the extent of not less than £10,000, it is to be presumed that he would'get a re newal of his lease on liberal terms; or other wise that he may, during the next seven years, endeavour to withdraw from the land some reasonable portion of the capital he has invested in it. "Mr. Hudson referred to his books to show that during his tenancy he had laid out in oil cake and artificial manures about £55,000. The oil cake is laid on the land, after passing through his cattle in the act of feeding them, but still it is money laid out in manure. This year his outlay is for 200 tons of linseed cake, at £6 10s. per ton, £1,250; 50 tons of Peruvian guano, £500; nitrate of soda, sulpheretted bones, &e.;, about £400 more, besides Egyptian lentils, Indian corn, &c.;, for feeding purposes. He is now feeding cattle as the quack advertisers' would feed us-namely, on Revalenta Ara bica, which is said to be ground Egyptian lentils, to the number of 160 beasts, besides 100 of lean stock and sows, all of which will be turned into cash by May day. They are lodged in eleven straw yards, with sheds all round the quadrangle, and all abundantly supplied with food and water. With the cattle are associated a great many growing pigs, which are quick enough to pick up a living amongst their betters. Mr. Hudson is preparing three beautiful Devon oxen for the Smithfield show. They appear small animals, but of excellent form and quality, and the fattest one is estimated to weigh 90 score, which, at 6d. per pound, is £45; and if he obtain a £29 prize, the ox will pay well. The mangers these animals feed from have slate bottoms, which are both clean and very durable. Mr. Hudson has 2,700 sheep, 2,500 of which, after their fleeces are off, will be sold in Smithfield before midsummer, the breeding ewes being retained. The wool will all be sold before Christmas, 1851, Mr. Hudson making it a point to adopt the commercial maxim of selling all he makes, whether it be beef, mutton, pork, corn, or wool, before his an nual stock-taking. "From about the end of November, he sends about 150 quarters of groin to the market weekly, until all is sold. His lar sown and sowing with wheat this year is / acres, in fields of 35, 40, and 50 acres' sd in each field the crop is stacked on ircular bottoms and iron posts, two feet h?igh and three feet apart. His circular 1 stacks arc twenty-seven feet in diameter at ( the bottom, of symmetrical form, and beauti fully trimmed. His barley stacks are ob long, 60 feet long by 20 feet wide, and not on raised bottoms; so that the rats, poor things, are kept on barley instead of wheat. Mr. Hudson paid .2,950 in wages in 1849, and £2,700 in 1850, and usually receives from £8,000 to £10,000 per annum from Smithfield market, according to the price of meat-now considerably less, the price of meat being too low to pay, He has put on his turnip land this year 3,000 tons of yard manure, and on his wheat land 2,000 tons, besides guano, bones, and other things. When I visited him, they were ploughing a little field of 35 acres, with four pairs of oxen; and as they finished a ridge six or eight feet wide, and while the mould was fresh and moist, the seed-drill followed; and after the drill came the harrow to finish with-the three operations all going on to gether. I asked, ' What crop had you on this last?'-' Turnips.' 'VWhen did they come off?-' Yesterday we hauled off half, and fed off the other half with sheep, and they finished their feed yesterday. We never let the land lie; we plough and sow directly we get the turnips away.' ' Well, but where are the weeds ?'-' There are none; the turnips are kept perfectly clean. The same principle is adopted in turnip sowing, we put in the seed instantly the plough has passed over it.' " Mr. Hudson uses Howard's (of Bedford) patent plough. He bought a dozen of them four years ago, at £4 15s. each. His dib bling machines cost £60 each. He has six road waggons, eighteen Gloucestershire har vest waggons, twelve two-horse tumbrils with iron bottoms, four light Gloucestershire wagggons for hay and light work, and a few one-horse carts-all made on the premises. His saddlery and harness are all repaired on the premises. All his blacksmsth's work and carpentery is done on the premises; and one of his steam engines was made at 'home. This is all so different from the ex tent and routine of an ordinary Cumberland farm, that you may think I am romancing; but you must come and see, and then you will believe. " Mr. Hudson has two stationary engines of twelve-horsepower each, on different parts of the farm; and he finds they are not suf 'ficient'for his work, and is building a third. 'The castings are made in the village; and his engineer and blacksmith, with their 'forges and lathes, put them together. One of the engines was at work thrashing barley, two men were on the stacks, two loading the waggons, and two pitching from the waggons 'to the-engine, another receiving the grain in swills, from which he returned it into another whirligig, to have the beard broken off.' The straw 'came out at another place, and was. pitched away; and a cloud of chaff and dust showed where the winnowing was going on. The same engine was, at the time, 'pumping water, grinding Ravalenta Arabica, and: breaking oil cake. The same machine also presses linseed for extracting the oil, w:hich is put into large wine pipes and sent to America for sale, and the cake goes to feed the cattle. There is also attached a flour mill for grinding the refuse corn, beans, &e;:, for feeding purposes; a saw mill, and 'other conveniences. The cart-wheel felloes are cut out in segments by the machinery of the engine, and much other work done by -,-'steam agency. Mr. Hudson has forty work :ing horses, and eighteen working bullocks. The latter work double (? half) shifts-viz., Itwo oxen in a plough ; he keeps four ploughs ,at work ten hours in the day, and they plough from one and a-quarter to one and a-half acres daily each plough. The straw was cut into chaff; the turnips are sliced, and other roots are cut, by the steam ma chiriery. :'" Ir. Hudson has two suits of clothes, one .of fine3 and the other course, and his wife has a bgauntiful shawl, all of their own wool. " ' As for a thistle growing on the farm, yogimight safely offer a guinea for it: and and the land is, for 1,400 acres, like a garden. Women and boys are constantly employed picking up every stray weed, and •sometimes they contract for it by the acre. Altogether, the farm, the farmer, and the style of farming, is such as few Cumberland farmers can have an idea of"' During some recent excavations made at Mont d'Arene, near Rheims, a great num ber of curious objects were discovered, a. mongst which are some statuettes of rare perfection and beauty. A few days since, a w orktman found a small leaden vessel, in Which were enclosed, in a perfect state of p.epervation, 199 gold coins, bearing the effigy of Charles VII., and worth from 1?f, to 15f, each. ? -~ , .... , SIR JonN FRANKLIN.--From the Illus crated London News of 20th September, we glean the following particulars relative to Sir John Franklin :-It has been proved almost beyond the possibility of a doubt, that the great Arctic Ocean has been dis covered; that Sir John Franklin has sailed into it; that, in confirmation of a suppo sition entertained long since, this vast Polar Sea enjoys a milder temperature than the Arctic regions previously known, and that it abounds with animal life. Under these circumstances, despair for the safety of these gallant men is clearly premature, ,and another effort to rescue them, if living, and to discover their fate, if dead, is no less clearly the sacred duty of the nation. When he left England, Sir John Franklin was to proceed through Barrow's Strait as far as Cape Walker, at the western extre mity of'that channel, and from thence en deavour, by sailing in a south-westerly di rection, to reach Behring's Strait. In case of his inability to discover a channel in the direction indicated, he was directed to re trace his course down Barrow's Strait as far as Wellington Channel, and to try a north western route to the desired point-Behring's Strait. It seems reasonable to believe that the gallant officer met with no casualty which could have swept him and his whole expedibion away without leaving a trace be hind, at so early a point of his attempt as the entrance to Barrow's Strait. No open ing can be discovered by which Sir John Franklin could have sailed to the south west. The country is justified in believing, therefore, that he retraced his course, and tried the north-westerly passage. If there could be any doubt on this point, it is set at rest by the discovery of palpable traces of the expedition at a place called Cape Riley, at the entrance of Wellington Channel. Captain Penny started northward from the neighbourhood of Cape Riley last winter or more properly speaking in the early spring-and travelled in sledges over the ice for a distance of nearly 200 miles. Some other parties, despatched by Captain Austin, travelled still further by the same means. Captain Penny ascertained that Wellington Channel, not very far from its entrance, bends suddenly to the north-west, the rout supposed to exist, and which Sir John, failing in his first effort, was ex pressly ordered to take; and pursuing his course for one hundred and eighty miles from the junction of the channel with Bar row's Strait he found the ice getting soft and unsafe, and as we are informed by a daily contemporary "discovered an open sea, with innumerable flocks of birds, Arctic animals, drift wood, and various other signs of a more element climate." He also saw sixty miles beyond him, " a clear unobstructed expanse of water," which he named the "Queen Victoria Channel." Long and ardently we must suppose that the hardy sailor gazed upon the prospect before him; but as his further progress along the shores of this tempting sea was impossible, from the state of the ice, he was reluctantly compelled to return as he came. But, with the characteristic vigour of his profes sion and his country, he was still undaunted. He travelled 180 miles back to the ship, and procured a boat, which he conveyed by by sledges, after much difficulty, to the shores of that clear Northern Sea which seemed to invite his researches. But his gallant effort was doomed to be disappointed. When he reached the spot where the pros pect had first opened out before him, he found large masses of ice drifting in to the shores from the north-west with a strong wind arid a heavy sea. It would have been madness to have risked such a passage in a small boat, and with only a week's provisions. Captain Penny therefore turned back a second time, perhaps with a heavy, certainly with a hopeful heart ; for he is now in London, urging upon the government with all the eloquence and zeal of which he is master, the duty of immediately despatching a powerful steamer to the new point thus indicated. We see by the American jour nals, that the greatest interest is excited throughout the Union by the circumstances, and that our enterprising friends across the Atlantie talk of fitting out the steamer wanted, andof robbing England of the glory of the enterprise. Better this than delay, but better, far better in our opinion, would it be, that the Admiralty should send out the steamer which Captain Penny demands, or half a dozen steamers if necessary. " There is not an officer, nor a seaman of the United States navy," says the Newo York Tribune, "but would deem it a glorious privilege to be one of the company bound outwards upon that adventurous steamer's deck." Shall not the same be said of the navy of England ? It would be in deed a national stigma, if the English Admiralty having refused to stir in the mat ter, the Americans should discover, either alive or dead, our long lost countryman. SOUTHAMPTON AS E PORT OF EMIGRA TION.-We are happy to inform our readers that an effort is about to be made, the result of which, we doubt not, will be to show the advantages of the port of Southampton as a port of departure for immigrants to our various colonies, notwithstanding the adverse opinion held by the officials in London. An arrangement has been made by some parties interested in the prosperity of our town, by which several vessels containing emigrants, who have been induced to pro ceed to Australia under the care of Mrs. Chisholm, whose exertions to promote the comfort and welfare of emigrants are so well known, shall start from Southampton in stead of from Plymouth, as has heretofore been the case. Too much credit cannot be given to the South- western Railway and the Dock Company, who, through their respective secretaries, Mr. Wyndham Harding and Mr. Iselin, have acted in the most liberal man ner, and undertaken to do all in their power to promote the comfort of the emigrants, both as to charges and accommodation. The first vessel will start next month, and will at regular intervals afterwards be fol lowed by others.-Hampshire Independent, August 30. EMIaRATION TO AUSTRALIA. - About eighteen months since, Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., of Liverpool, established a line of ships to run regularly from that port to Australia, and as the general superiority of the accommodation of these vessels became known, they have found favour with pas sengers. The most magnificent of them is now preparing to proceed on her first voyage. She is called the Eagle, and in beauty, as a specimen of naval architecture, she forms the climax. She is 175 feet long, has 35 feet breadth of beam, and registers, by English measurement, 1,075 tons. She is 1 computed, however, to carry about 1,200 1 tons of goods, in addition to her compliment of passengers, in all about 400. The ac- 1 commodation for passengers in the Eagle are 1 said to bg complete, and in the design en- 1 tirely new. On deck, running from the f foremost chock aft, is a deck house. It ex tends to a complete poop at the round of I the quarter, but to that point it only occu pies about one half the beam, thus leaving a gangway between it and the bulwarks, which, including the topgallant board, will be seven feet high, forming a protection either in working ship or to passengers. The poop and the house form a splendid promenade, which is protected by a neat railing. It is 170 feet long. The main saloon is beneath the poop, and has on each side a range of excellent well lighted and ventilated state rooms; 8 feet by 6 feet 6 inches. The cabin also occupies about 30 feet of the house, in which are similar state rooms, the captain's room, steward's pantry, &c.; The second cabin is fitted solely in black walnut; the rooms are capacious, each is separately lighted, and, with the exception of what are termed family rooms, are only fitted for two persons each, thus giving on the average, for each passenger about twenty-five super ficial feet, being double that laid down by the Passengers Act. Instead of the old system of dead light and bull's eyes through out the sides of the ship, which admitted but little light and still less air, the ventila tion and light is from above, both forward and aft, being arranged by windows and ports, similar to what are used in the Halifax steamers. In equipment, the Eagle is in every way complete, while the comforts pro vided for passengers descend even to t~he luxury of shower baths. She is fully ex pected to make the voyage in eighty days. Birmingham Journal, August 30. FEMALE DUELLING.---A manola of Ma drid, a few days ago, sent a challenge to a fair rival who had supplanted her in the favour of a wealthy admirer. The successful damsel unhesitatingly agreed to fight, and both parties chose seconds of their own sex. Fearing that the smell of gunpowder might be disagreeable to them, the combatants re solved to use fencing swords: they also de termined to fight until one or other should be killed. They went to the ground each with a pair of fencing swords, and, in case they should fail, a pair of poignards. They were just ready for action when two police officer made their appearance, and took them and their seconds into custody.-Ibid. CE E IN THE SPANISH BULL CmIROcUS. Letter from Madrid, of the 26th July, say, "Yest rday the Bull Circus of Aranjuez becamd the theatre of a spectacle worthier of the ag of the Romans of the empire than of the I1h century. Several wild beasts were introdiced successively to fight in the arena. The Queen-mother and her family, together with fhe King and Duke of Rianzares, were present in the royal box. The first fight was between a wolf and several dogs. The wolf lookedi\at first excessively frightened, and and m de several leaps to clear the lofty iron grating which surrounded the arena. These efrts became desperate when he saw bound into the circus four powerful dogs, which in a few moments, reduced him to such a pitiful state that it was thought it was neccessary to withdraw him. The wolf stood merely on the defensive; he shook off the dogs, but he did not attack them. Next entered a hyaena, against which four dogs were likewise loosed. One of the dogs distinguished himself greatly in this combat, and several times mastered the hytena alone, dragging him over to the ground, but he was so punished by the fierce bites of the wild beast that his master was fain to enter the arena and withdrawhim from the combat, amid salvos of applause. The hymena was then withdrawn in rather a mangled condi tion. The next wild beast that appeared was a sturdy, surly bear, against whom was launched as many as thirteen dogs. The enemy was now evidently of a formidable kind, for the dogs were no longer so eager to grapple with the object of their attack, but contented themselves with barking around him in a ring; and when any of the number ventured into closer quarters, he received a hug and bite which left him apparently life less during several seconds. The public now called for the intrepid dog who had mauled the hymna. This was the first of the pack who dared to seize the bear with his teeth. The others imitated the example with less pluck, but no effect seemed to be produced' by any of the assailants upon the shaggy beast, and the bravest of them seemed baffled by the thickness of his coat, which defied the grip of his adversaries. The last act of the spectacle was that which had' more particularly attracted crowds by the' rail to Aranjuez. The fight was now be tween a lion and a bull. The first was one of the finest of its species. No sooner was he loosed into the arena and espied the bull than he made towards him at once, and at tacked him with fury. But he only succee led in seizing the tail of his horned foe, by which he clung on with his claws. The bull, thus attacked from behind, was unable to defend himself with his horns, but pre sently, the lion having bitten his tail close .ff to the rump, the bull turned on him, and, frantic with pain, charged with tremendous fury, tossing the lion, notwithstanding his size, into the air, which so damped the pluck of the latter, that it became at once clear on which side the victory would be declared. The lion sat down dejected and moaning with pain, while the bull charged him several times in succession, instigated by the crowd outside the grating more than by his own will, for as soon as the lion was hors de combat the bull sought no longer to molest him, and would have left him alone but for the stimulation which was applied to him by the spectators. The lion was killed." Liverpool Albion. A GHOST STORY.-- Last Tuesday fort night (says the Montreal Transcript,) as Mrs. - , (a lady of literary taste and rather studious habits) sat reading in her drawing room, the clock on the mantel-piece struck twelve. As the last stroke reverber ated through the apartment, the door was suddenly flung open. In the act of raising her head to reprove the intrusion of her servant (unrung for,) her eye.rested on the form of her late husband. She screamed and fell senseless on the carpet. This brought up such members of the family as had not retired to rest. Restoratives were administered; and when Mrs. - had re gained possession of her faculties, she felt disposed to consider the whole distress she had undergone as the result of certain asso ciations between the melancholy tale she had been perusing and her late loss, operating on a partially deranged nervous system. She, however, considered it advisable her maid servant should repose in her chamber, lest any return of what she had determined to consider a nervous affection should distress herself and alarm the family. Last Tues day night, feeling stronger and in better spirits than she had been for several months past, Mrs. - dispensed with the presence of her attendant, retiring alone to her cham ber, and went to bed a little before 10 o'clock. Exactly as the clock struck twelve she was awakened from sleep, and distinctly, beheld the apparition she had before seen, advancing from the table (on which stood her night lamp,) till it stood opposite to, and drew the curtains of the bed. A sense of suffocating oppression deprived her of all power to scream aloud. She described her very blood retreating with icy chillness to her heart. The countenance of her be loved in life wore its usual benevolent aspect. The eyes, once beaming with affection, were now fixed in stern regard on the trembling, half-dissolved being, who, with the courage of desperation, thus addressed him: " Charles! dear Charles I why have you come again ?" " Jessie !" slowly and so lemnly aspirated the shadowy form, waving in its hand a small roll of white paper, '"Jessie, pay my newspaper account, and Iet me rest in peace!. 