EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES, [From ; the Sherb irne Mercury and Yeovil Times, of March 2nd.] A pamphlet has recently been published by the Rev. James Spurrell, A.M., vicaivof-(Great Sheffrid, Cambridgeshire, containing an exposure of Miss Sellon, and her establishment, the " Sistersof Mercy," at Plymouth. The facts are.stated by Mr. Spurrell, on the authority of a young lady, formerly one of Miss Sellon's sisterhood, who has seceded—and the reverend gentleman, after a careful examination, to gether with a perusal of divers, letters, and other do cuments, has no doubt of the entire truth of her statement. It appears that whilst we are pro testing against the grant to Maynooth, the people of this, diocese have subscribed their money for the es tablishment of a nunnery at their own doors, where the most degrading superstitions are taught, and the. most unsocial practices of Romanisin are inculcated, jand where, under the pretence of training up the young in the practice of a devoted and holy life, the intellect is enchained. and the soul is enslaved by; the most; abject superstitions, - and the most de grading slavery. The pamphlet also exposes the Jesuitical character of Miss Sellon, " the mother superior/' Take one instance—the young lady, prior to joining Miss Sellon, had written to her ex pressing her wish to see her, but intimating that she" believed her own niother was opposed to the inter view,-on which Miss Sellon replies :—" I do not ithink it would be at all wrong for yon to see me iwithout your mother's knowledge, unless she had absolutely forbidden you: and I- do not think it needful to ask." The young lady, at length has made up her mind to become one of the sisterhood, bn wljch she is written to by the second in com mand, at the Establishment of the Sisters, at Eldad— (Sister Catherine, who expresses her happiness at the news that the noviciate was going to lead an angel's life on earth.- " Mother bids me to tell you to come any day-which will suit you, but she would like you very much to be here before the 5th of next month, when the "Bishop is .coming to lay the first stone of our new building." The young lady joins, and on jbhe 3rd Mr. Spurrell gives the following account of the commencement of her noviciate. It must be premised that she had previously visited some nunnery on the continent, and had a, great-wish at one time to become a nun herself : " On the evening of the day of Miss ;. ■■:s introduction into ' The Orphans H ome,' she was -conducted to the Oratory at the Canonical hour of Gompline, when the flowers, the pictures, the lights, the low desks; and the dark kneeling figures of the. Nun-like Sisters, ^and the solemn, benediction of each Sister .by the Superior at' the conclusion of the service, and the signing them' with the sign of the cross, piade a deep impression on her feelings, and greatly sur prised her* not at all expecting to witness anything of the kind where she then was." She soon found that this Protestant! sisterhood was a regularly organized convent. It is styled " The' Order of the Holy : Communion," and is sub divided into the " Order of the Sacred Heart." " The Order of the Holy G-host," and a third Order, the .pame of . which was unknown to the young lady, but the sisters of which were usually ealled " The Black Sisters." Each Order has a distinct badge. All, upon, first coming into the Institution, are called " Novices ;" and when any seem to the Mother Superior to show a decided vocation for " The Religious Life," she receives -them into the Community privately; gives them the designation of " Children;" and attaches them to one of the three Orders, by investing them with the badge of the Order which, henceforth, is worn secretly under the dress ; and each looks forward,~ at a future time to he admitted a " Sister " of the Order whose badge she wears. All are trained in the most abject slavery, as shown by what is called the great rule of the Society, that of Holy Obedience, which begins as follows :— " Ye who have offered up to God your judgment and your will,, must strive to preserve and "grow in the submission ye have professed." "Ye shall ever address the Spiritual Mother with honour and respect.; avoid speaking of her among yourselves ; cherish and obey her with holy love, without any murmur or sign of hesitation or repugnance, but simply, cordially, and promptly obey with cheerful ness, and banish from your mind any question as to the wisdom of the command given you! If ye fail in this, ye have failed to resist the temptation of the Evil One. Ye shall never discuss with any one (except by express direction of the Spiritual Mother) either within the. Society, or without it, the . Rules of the Order, or the Commands of the Superior and ye shall make it a subject of immediate confes sion to your Superior, if they have unhappily been betrayed into this error; and ye shall receive a penance; but no word of admonition or reproof for the same Ye shall learn through daily and constant. observation and practice, that through the exercise of lowly and entire confidence, ye will re ceive the gift of the Holy Ghost.. ...If any Sister fail in .obedience, or resist with contumacy and re bellion, she shall be punished at discretion Be ye well persuaded, and on negligence or exactitude in obedience depends the preservation of discipline, the purity of the Society, and the progress of each soul in the way of life." Each of the houses of the Sisterhood contains an oratory, with an altar, where the Sacrament is ad ministered ; once it was administered on Christmas eve, at midnight. " The Canonical Hours," are the samC as .those in the Roman Catholic Church, viz., Matins, Lauds, Prime, Terse, Sext, Nones, Vespers, and Compline, the: Services being somewhat modified, were said daily in the Oratory by all whose work did hot prevent theirattendance. Romish doctrines and practices were inculcated without disguise. Services taken from the Popish missal, were used on days for which the Church of England have appointed none, for instance, the " Commemoration of the Cross," and the " Commemoration" of St. Mary." In the former service is a direction that .every one shall sign herself with the sign of the cross, from the forehead to the breast. Prayers for the dead, and an absolution for the dead, is also used. Among the collects is the following:— Prayer, foe two Bishops—Plymouth and Exeter?— ' We beseech this mercy also (referring to what had gone before), * for all those in whom we are interested, especially for this Society, the right Rev. the Bishop, our reverend Mother, the three Orders of this Society, the Mother As sistants, onr right Rev. Bishop Henry of Exeter, the in dividual members of this Society, living or departed, our Foundress. Extend this Society, O Lord, into all places and ages.' A religious Service called a ' Chapter' is held in the Oratory when the Lady Superior pleases, at which, after that portion of the Scripture has been read where the washing of the disciples' feet by our Lord is recorded, she, in imitation, it is presumed, of his great humility, washes the feet of all the Sisters. What an awful mockery! On this occasion likewise the Sisters all confess to the Mother! There is a Service also-in the Oratoiy upon the Admission of every Sister; at which Service, a Clergyman of the Church of England officiates in his surplice. The Rev. Incumbent of one of the new Districts at Plymouth, and another Rev. Gentleman his Assistant, so officiated whilst Miss resided at Plymouth. And when some of the other Sisters were admitted, a, certain Rev. Doctor (Pasey) whose name is closely associated with a party in the Church, performed the ceremony. Penance Enjoined on Confession.—There is a service on the admission of sisters very similar to that on the ad mission of a.nun in a Romish Convent, the Priestbeing re presented by a Protestant! ! clergyman of Eldad; we.beg his pardon, by a Tractarian receiving Protestant pay, whilst sapping the Protestant Church. Confession is also practised after the Romish fashion. The young lady who has disclosed the secrets of the prison house, states that she knelt to her Confessor, who was seated in a cliair—that she told him all her sins, and humbly asked for penance and absolution from her Spiritual Father. Her Confessor gene rally then asked, if that was all she remembered; and, having made a few remarks on the Confession ordinarily gave as a penance the repeating of one of the seven pene tential Psalms on Friday ! but, on one occasion, this penance j was varied into the mailing the sign of the cross with the tongue on thefioo • of the Or tory I! All the Sisters, unless otherwise hindered, receive the Communion' in the Church every morning at 7, o'clock; and likewise attended Public Prayers morning and evening. The Mother frequently had the Communion administered to her in her oivn room, where was also a Communion Table covered with embroidered linen. A Sister, one morn'ng, not feeling in perfect charity with the Mother, requested permission to absent herself from the communion, which was refused; and because she. would not go, she was degraded, her Sister's dress taken from her, and she was made to rank as the youngest Novice. For ni -e months she was put under severe discipline, that her mind might be put into proper subjection to the principle of Holy Obedience I" Rosaries are also used, and devotion to the Virgin Mary inculcated. One of the Sisters always wore a Rosary, and had devotions to the Virgin Mary ; and she stated, that the Rev. Mr. , her first Spiritual Guide, en joined devotions to Maiy for some minds and had given special ones to her Sister. We have not space for further details, nor to mention the Jesuitism of Miss Sellon at Bristol. 