SCIIAPS OF ENGLISH NEWS. (From the Melbourne Arqus, Auqust 2 ) ENGLAND. Tho marriage of Lady Constanco Levcson Gower, youngest daughter of tho Duko and Ditchcss' of Sutherland,' with Earl Grpsvcnor, eldest son of tho Marquis of Wostrnins'ci', was solemnized, on the 12th Mav. with exeat snlcn dour. Her Majesty honored tho ceremony with hor presence. Tkadb in Esoukd. — Tho Bonrd of Trade returns for the month nnd three months ending the 5th of April show 11 continued stnto of acti vity in almost all of our groat nationnl products. It is too much to expect that wo can go on every month nnd year increasing our oxports, because nt somo time or other tho utmost tension must be reached. But whether with regard to tho quan-. tity of goods which we send- abroad, or to those which we receivo from foreign countries in re turn, the result is sueh us to satisfy tho most san guine Free-trader, and to justify all that Mr, Dis raeli has snid in his budget relative to tho buoy ancy of tho revenue under the existing system. The exports of tho month are' slightly below those of tho corresponding month last year, but tho three months show nn increase of £50,000. In grain nnd flour the imports show a diminution, and there is a decrease, too, in cotton, linen, and woollen products ; metals, also, havo diminished, bat it will bo remembered that in the mohtli end ing April 5, last year, tho increase of exports was very considerable— far beyond tho nverago of the year. As regards tlio imports, it i3 gratifying to find a largo incrcaso in ton, cpfl'oe, sugar, cocoa ' nnd tobacco — tho groat necessaries of life, nnii the lust named a luxury which is widely pnrticil pntod in by all classes. In shipping we find nn increase in the outward clearances for tho thn 0 months, nnd a decroaso in tho entries and clear ances of both British and foreign tounago for the month. This is the second return of tho kind which tho Tories have mado since their installa tion. It may be readily imagined that these pe riodical proofs of the triumphs of ]?reo trail 0 avo not held in much favour by tho present occupants of Downing-strcet, who were- not very scrupulous in charging tho Ministry which they succeeded in ' cooking ' — so undeviating wns tlio talc of success which tho returns told. Now wo have tho Protectionists in power, and yet no ingenuity can prevent theso undoubted evidences of the na tional prosperity from speaking out, trumpet tongucd, in proof of the fact .that tho less Go vernment interfere with trade, and tho less they arc cramped with restrictions, in the snmo ratio will it fructify and prosper. — European Times..* Mr. Hume, Mr. Booker, and Sir Joshua. Waltn sley, hnvo been exerting themselves in endea vouring to prevail upon tho Government to grant a remission of the sentence of 'Frost, tho Ohartist. These gentlemen had an interview with tho Sec retary of State for Iho Home Department on Sa turday for that purpose. Colonel Kawlinson hns opened out tho entire placo of sepulture of tho Kings uml Queens of Assyria. There they lie, it is said, ' iu huge stone sarcophagi, with i;ondorous lids decorated with tho royal ornaments and costume, just ns they wcro deposited moro than three thousund years ago.' ' By tho American papers we nre told that the celebrated MrsTBlooincr was recently killed in Bridge-street, Boston, by her husbnud, who is supposed to bo msnnc. Mr. EVarsrus O'Connor has Drono to Now York. Sinco 1830 twenty millions sterling havo been added to the debt of tho East Indi:i Company. Tho Parliamentary Committee will determine whether tlio charter is to be renewed, or a new system of Governmept adopted. Tho papers indignantly donounco tho nuthori tics at Plymouth for receiving Rusns, tho merci less but defeated despot of Buenos Ayrcs, with marks of honor. Tho European Times snya — ' Every Englishman must havo felt his cheek burn with shame when ha read an acount the other day of* the honours heaped by tho authori ties at Plymouth on tho ox-Buenos Ayrenn dictn tor, Ilosns, when he reached our shores,— ono of the most sanguinary rulHuns that over disgraced humanity, .who waded through bloott to the head of tho Argentine confederation', and preserved his power up to the timo of his expulsion by a series of ntvncities which rival those of Nero nnd Caligula. The figure which the Ministry cut in the House of Peers, when questioned about this business on Thursday, wns most pitinble. Like tho usurper, in the piny, when confronted with the ghost of his murdered victim, ' Thou ennst not sny I did it ! ' was thu exclamation of each of them . But tho deed wns done, tho honours were given by command from Downing-street, to this bnso, bnd mnn, who for twenty yonrs past 1ms been tho scourgo of tho Pinto nnd tho scan dal of human nature. The honours paid to Ilo sns nro very significant, and. will jiot speedily bo forgotten.' ' ' The SmrriNo' Trade. — On Wednesday a return to Parliament was printed, showing that lnst year thero was employed in the trade of the United Kingdom 22,902 British ships, of 4 038,386 tonnage, and 16,280 foreign shipi, of 2,9.13,70^ tonnage, entered inwards ; und 21,708 British slips, of 4,882,430 tonnage; and 17,707 foreign ships, of 3,225,614 tonnnge, clonred out wards. . A letter from Stromncss, dated April 28, stntcs that the Arctic expedition, under Captain Sir E. Belcher, arrived thcro on tho 23d, nil well. The expedition left Stromness on tho 28th. The Wesleynn Missionary Society's income for tho lnst year was £111,730 1'Js. 9d., nml its expenditure £111,555 14s. 4il. The Society hns 476 missionaries, 782 p.iid ngents, 8477 unpaid agents, and 79,841 scholars attoiuling its schools- The Emperor of Morocco has sent Her Mn jesty two splendid Arabian steeds. The Chinese juuk, lying- nt Bkckwnll, is to bo sold by auction. ? . The submarino electric telegraph is completed to Boulogne, and a second line i- to be hud down between Dover and Ostond. Thu whole con tinent of Europe will thus Lo .brought into in siantaneous communication with England. Mrs. Chisholmhns arrived in Cork. ~ Douglas Jerrokl has undertaken the editorship of Lloyd's Weekly newspaper. Accompany with a capital of £100,000 hoi teen started to coloniso Spain with Irish pea sants. Tho Spanish Guvornment patronizes tho scheme. ??'. 