LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. " GOLD PEN AND INK SKETCHES.-Mr T. Balcombe having favored us with the first im- pressions of his plates for this publication, in which he has been occupied since his arrival from the Turon Gold Field, and which will now shortly be issued from the press, we can only say that if the letter-press equal the talented artist's illustrations in point and spirit, this little work will not only do credit to the Colony, but will, we feel confident, be admired and appreciated by his home-brethren of the pencil. The subject embraces the adventures of a gentleman in search of a fortune at the Diggings, from his first arrival at the busy scene of labour, to his disappointment thereat, and departuro there- from. THE NEW POSTAGE RHQULATION -If strictly carried out to ibo lotter, little douht can bo entertained of tho advantages which will I arise from tho system of " compulsory pro-pay- ment *' to tho entire community. Economy of time mid lnbnur have beon chiefly consulted in tho adoption of this regulation, and tho principle has been irrefutably established by the experi- ence of all who have lind opportunity of seeing it practically brought into operation. In ii very few months wo hope to have nliko experienced I its benéfica) effects, and gratefully to ncknow I ledgo them. A LOTHARIO IN TROUBLE.-An indivi- dual of gay and amorous propensities,- named Mitchell, formerly connected with that lady killing corps, tho Sydney Police. ? nnd whoso whiskers nnd martial gracefulness of demeanour were nliko the envy of his comrades and tho ad- miration of the more susceptible sex, wns on Tuesday committed to Darlinghurst for non- compliance with nn order of the Bench for tho support of an illegitimate child, on tho com- plaint of one of Iiis deserted victims, a Miss Fanny Manning. The lady had unfortunately for herself chanced in an evil hour to cross tho tempter's beat-a parley ensued- vows were registered -lore tokens exchanged-assignations arranged and kept- until-until tho fruit of Fanny's indiscretion was plncod in tho nowly made father's arms, when he coolly repudiated tho honors of paternity, and handing his card to tho weeping Fanny, recommended her to npp)y to head-quarters for redress. This step, hoing tho only ono open to the betrayed girl, was taken, and the case being clearly estahli .lied, a maintennnco order was made against thc seducer by the Bench. This not having been complied with, and it having been ascertained that Mitchell had engaged as groom in tho ship Havering, bound for Calcutta, ho was arrested on board that vessel, and dealt with as above recorded. THE DRAMA. - Our opinion of the piny " Tho Iron Chest,'' revived nt the Victoria on Monday nnd Wednesday ovenings, may bo summed up in few words. In ¿ur humble judgment, " Tho Iron Chest " deserves im- mediately to be deposited in another, having one of Ynnkco Hobbs' " unoponnblo " patent locks, nnd bo there suffered to remain for ever nnd a day. Not even a Nesbitt can reconcile us to its great imperfections ; much less tho voci- ferations of a Spencer, who *' murdered Groat Heaven," in tris professional enthusiasm, much to tho amusement of tho audience. Wo should much like a key to tho unmerited popularity, which tho " Iron Chest " lins acquired. Tho Opera of tho " Bohemian Girl " on Tuesday, though not attracting so crowded a houso ns on the previous night, gavo gratification to a fashionable circle. On Thursday NOUMA was repeated, and it is to bo hoped this opera may bo a set piece for Thursday nights. This even- ing tho Operatic Drama of Guy Mannering, and a now Farco. entitled, Tho House Dog, will he produced ; mid on Monday Mr Nesbitt will mako his appearance In tho thrilling Drama of Eugeno Aram. INDULGENCE -The Pope has grant- ed tho permission of using " fat " in culinary operations on fast days, during tho year 18R)2. Tho time of Lent is excepted. [If His Holiness were here, St Ubes would untiuestionnbly ac- knowledge thc receipt of this " information " by another, inviting Iiis "Papa" to defend his " bull', in the Police-office " ring.] MR. HI NIG AN IN CA LIFO RN IA. Tho aspersions cast by this outcast from hi» country, upon those with whom his earlier years wcro passed, and by whom ho was fed and pro- tected, aro still deemed of sufficient importance to elicit the reprobation of our contemporary tho Herald. We would, however, remind our con- temporary of tho perfect harmlessness of tho species to which this serpont belongs. Caged ns he is now in a placo from which lie never tiaro show his loathsumo head, nnd warmly fostered hy his present owners, all. the future harm to bc dreaded from him is that he will ono day as gratefully requito in turn his latter found as his former friends. Let him foam and chafu. and eject his venom ns ho will, no danger is to bo apprehended to thoso, wh«i hy a scowl of honest indignation scared tho reptile from tho shores to which ho hud rc- crawlod " Again to Hatter, and again betray.1' ROGERS' HOTEL, BATHURST.-The re- covery of his "dovc-liko" disposition by our friend John, as announced by himself slnco his secossion from Turon Post- nfiico practice, must ho a source of peculiar gratification to his numerous friends. Could he. by economy and saving for a year or two, amnss a reserve fund of his "dove-like" attributes sufficiently largo to afford of a portion being circulated nmongst his follow-lownsmcn generally, and lils brother Bonifaces in particular, ho would deservo to bo looked np to ns tho beneficent dispenser of tho most pence-yielding cordial ever introduced into Bathurst. By tho way, is it not fitting that John should bc on tho look-oat for a mato for his dove-cot Î THE GHOST!-"I nm thy father's spirit !'' as tho bottlo of brandy remarked to tho landlord's son, who was smuggling a bottlo of- Cognno from tho parent's stock. " Ah ! I can't swallow thnt,'' replied young hopeful, " but I'll try you nevertheless." TUB BOTANY GARDENS.-Both the floral nnd zoological departments of these splendid grounds nro in admirable condition, and deserv- edly attract hundreds to devote a day to their enjoymont. Of tho nuimals a£ present on exhi- bition wo may remark that tho Tigross, a mag- nificent specimen of tho Royal Bengal, now only threo years old, is daily increasing in siro and beauty ; and as her growth will continuo for tho next threo or four years, she will at tho expira- tion of that timo rival any of her forraidablo species that have be«n exhibited nt Wombwcll's, or other zoological caravan in tho mother coun- try. Tiro Elephant, also of tho gentler sex, is cortninly diminutive, and, wo think, would ho bencfittod by having hor apartment enlarged. Several specimens of the Californian Hear and Wolf have been recently added tn ibo'collection; and Mossrs Beaumont and Wallrr inform us Mint thoy expert ono of tho monarchs of tho forest by tito /loyal Saxon, Captain Charles- worth, whoso arrival from Calcutta may bo looked for in about threo wcoks. The nnusunl prolongation nf tho summor lins tondod to prc servo tho garden in unfading verdure timi brilli- ancy j and by tho votaries of Hymen especially linvo they been patronized during tho past fort- night. If wo could only marry again, wouldn't wo join tho ranks of softly-sighing couples who nightly saunter through their shadowy glades beneath tho tender glances ot tho timorous moon. Even ns it is, oan wo syinpathiso with tho inno- cent luxuriousness they enjoy in this pnrndlso of tho South. Nsw WEIGHTS AND MKASURKS.-Our contemporary tho " Vampire " Is now Hsod in many sbops nnd up-country stores in placo of the usual weights. Of Into tho lending nrtiulos have been so unusually heavy, that only tour copies of this publication go to tho hundred-weight. CONS. -Why is a gcnilcmnn in dlffioiütics who recog- nizes na his vi>-a-viii in tho l'ohoe-oflioo van a fonnor ncquniiitnnop. Uko ono nnd tho »niuo thing t- Heoauso ho meets a seedy vnu lei-diva nt) friend. - Whnt ia tho dlffúrcnco between an Indian pick lo and a orliuiii.il just executed I -Ono is a Mango, tho other is a man gone. Why is Mr Macdonald nt Mrs-'s lodglng houso liko tho County nf Northumberland f Heoauso ho is a Scottish bo(a)rdcr. Why should military desertion not ho inter forod with f--Bucauso it is simply " a private rt-rango-montit." FLAMMO COX.-Who« ls a,. largo speculator Ilka n martyr!-Whou he bas his all at etake. Tho Scottish Poet oiico again has visited our " bhore, . .' ? ??? ti-. We trust to grace our humble »licet as in the days of yore : \- Again you'll read tho pooina, in blank versos of long metres, Prom tho novor-fniling pen of our old friend Captain Peters. MYSTERIOUS DISCOVERY OF A DEAD BODT.-On Thursday so'nlght. as n man nnmcd John Thomas, a servant in the employ of John Sterling, Esq., J.P.. North Shore, was occupied in cutting wood in tho vicinity of his master's residence, ho and a fellow-lahourer wore annoyed by an overpowering stench from a neighbouring creek. On searching about they shortly dis- covered tho dead body of a man in a state of dreadful decomposition. Several articles of clothing, viz., a coat, waistcoat, and handker- chief, were lying adjacent to the body ; also a revolving pistol, a box of percussion caps, a powcr-llask, and a knife. Information of tho circumstance having boon given to Mr Sterling, that gentleman immediately had recourse to tho assistance of tho police, to whom he consigned tho body for removal to Sydney, together with tho following property found on tho person of the deceased : a roll of bank notes, saturated with wator, (since dried, and found lo amount to thc sum of £22.) ten shillings in silver, two penny pieces, together with tho property pre- viously mentioned. One barrel of the pistol was loaded, and traces of blood and of human hair wore discovered on tho rocks, and within four or five yards of the body. A paper, purporting to be a certificate of discharge to one William Kelly from tho service of tho Messrs Macarthur, was also found. leading to tho inference that such was the name of tho unfortunate man. An inquest was held upon tho body on Monday, nt ? which Dr Nathan deposed that he had made a most mortem examination of tim deceased, but from tho extremo decomposition of the remains ho could givo no opinion ns to tho causo of death. Tho right hand and foot were wanting, and marks, apparently of nativo doss, wero per- ceptible on some of tho bones. Tho jury re- turned a verdict of " Found dead ; but how, or by what means, tho jury cannot say." ADMISSION OF ATTORNEYS.-The follow- ing embryo legal practitioners wero released from leading strings on Saturday last, being tho Inst day of Term, and admitted by their Honors the Three Judges, to tho privilege of immediately purchasing blue bags, and opening business on their respective private accounts : Mr William Deane (office of Mr Burton Brad- ley) : Mr William Ralph Templeton (offico of Messrs Nichols and Willinms) ¡ Mr Stephen Cnmpboll Brown (office ot Messrs Thurlow and Grant) ; and Mr Thomas Cook Kemp, an attorney of tho Courts nt Westminster, and subsequently of tho Supreme Court nt Auckland. The four "gents, ono tte," having buen duly sworn in, wero,then dismissed in search of their malden fees. The result of their " prospecting " has not yet reached us ; but in tho present depressed state of tho client market, we should ho disposed to think that but few " six and eight penny " nuggets have os yet boen " turned up." A STABLE OBSERVATION.-During the consideration hy thc Licensing Justices of thc application of Mr Ford, of the Rising Sun pub- lic house, for the renewal of his license, and which application wns opposed by Mr Publican Persecutor Higgins, on tho ground that tho ap- plicant had, in December Inst, accelerated thc death of a woman whom ho had placed in his stable at len o'clock nt night, nnd in which she wns found dead in tho morning : - Mr George Hill remarked that it was possihlo to enjoy a comfortable night's reposo in a stable, and that he had frequently done so himself. " Yes, your Worship," rejoined Mr G. It. Nichols, " but sleeping in astable docs not make a man a horse, though m some instancos he may be subsequently made a Mayor." Mr Ford's application was successfully" stall- ed off" through tho constable's stable story, and tho Rising Sun " was consigned to a final setting. COMMON SENSE V. TOXTETH LOGIC-In tho samo case, Mr TTill took occasion to remark that ho was solely guided by tho dictates of common senso in his decisions-as for tho law, ho was grateful that ho knew so little about it, ami certainly never desired to increase his stock of legal exper'ence. This plain- spoken exposi- tion of the ex-Mayor's rule of action instantly enkindled tho wrathful fires of thc mock master of Toxteth, who expressed his prido in never having had to draw upon so vulgar a fountain- head ns common senso to sway his biw-cxiiound ing judgments. Wo. in courtesy, feel bound to credit tho ndmission of tho gentleman from the banks of Allen water, and so, doublcss, will our readers. , POLICE APPOINTMFNT.-Mr Inspector Wearin lins been pleased to appoint Stnff Officer Matthew Carroll to be Court Crier to tho bench of magistrates. ST UUES UPON THE SLAUGHTER. MOUSE, CANDLE MAKING, AND WATEU QUKSTIONS.-Thia grunt authority is engaged in drawing up cases in each of tho nbovo importnnt questions for the consideration of their Honors the Judges. It is his intention to lay moro than usual stress upon the following points which ho lins taken, nnd which tho penetration of n St Uhos alono could have seized upon: -1st. That tho slaughtering of cnttlo is a pith-y mnttcr. 2ndly. That tho business of (alloiv-cnndlo making isnwick-ed vocation. Srdly. That tho wator difficulty might bo easily fathomed hy a running commentary. In tho celebrated Dedosdogkarcas caso, it is tho intention of Mr St Ubes to potition for leave to obtain a friend who shall introduce to tho Le- gislativo Council " A Bill to amend n Bill pre- sented to tho petitioner by Jntnes Martin, Esq." LIBEL! AN A.-Civil threats of notion have been burled against our devoted heads by E. G. Cory. Esq, Richard St Ubes. Esq. Sim pleton Henry Pearce, Esq, A. No. 15, B No. 9, Crown No. />, Gentleman Mavis, and tho Brickfield Hill Ghost. [Hy tho way wo suspect tho'two latter nnmed personages to bo identical ] As in most " fixes" of this unfortunnto descrip- tion in which wo have teen caught, nn apology lins stnyod tho progress of tho monomania on tho port of pur wrathful iriouds, wo hero bog to tender our most poignant regrets tlittt wo should for ono moment havo deemed tho mention of their respectivo names, and of tho salubrious condition of tholr several fleshly tabernacles, could bo of tho slightest interest to our readers, A KEY TO THE" MYSTERY OF SYONRY." -" GBNTLEHAX MAVts." formerly of San Fran- cisco, is now a lawyer's clerk ; he hangs out nt Wooloomooloo Bny, nnd is n steeping pnrtner with " IUKR'S Pnoonnss;" ho is ono of Emnnuols habitue's of tho Cnsino, whero ho may bo »eon every Tuesday from 8 to 12 p.m.; ho taunts tho Lovor'a Walk occasionally, but lins never yet boon soon in company with the TANNER'S Gnosr ; ho is short and thick, dresses well, and smokes AVi. 1 Manilas .. ho docs n littlo at billinrds, but is so noisy that tho markers nro nil hoarse with calling him to ordor ; ho cnn fight n littlo to which lUnxKV BLATIIKIIS cnn testify ; never sleeps out except when his partner walks off with tho key ; is dustman with tho Indies ; in fact, taking him all in nil, GENTLKMAN MAVIS is Some VYro¿-«ní in HOOTS_Communicated. THE HLBSSINOS OF PhACR.-Un the Surry Hills Ibero are two gamo cocías, belonging to two members of tho body corporate, willoh (tho cocks, not tho members) luivo boen so well trained that they wore nover known to fight i mid, what- is moro singular, is tho fact, that whon ono becomes a littlo lightish, nnd crows " Cock-n-doodlo-doo," tho other invariably nn swors " Cock-n-doodlo- don't," and vice versa. When "don't" wants to fight, "doo" always crows " don't." TESTIMONIALS.-Gentlemen wishing to obtain officiai situations, such ns Gold Commis- sioners, Commissioners of Crown Lauds, Post Master Generals.. Auditor Gonorals, Water Police, or Laud Pollco Magistrates, aro respect- fully Informed, that thoy can. bo supplied with tho highest testimonials on tito most reasonable torms, mid countersigned by names of undoubted influence which havo been nuror known tn fail. Address, Juro humano, Hell's Ufe Office. N.B.-Terms, nouording to tho value of tho ap pointmi'iit, but gonllonicn from Ireland charged liiilf prico only. Magisterial commissions pro- cured nt a trifling cost, except for City Alder* mon," from whom nn;,e*tra foo wpuld lp exr pouted, . . , . ; , ';. , , , A FRAtM^CONFESSION.^'.' Oh !" groaned Councillor Thornton1 (in*training forfÀldérrnariîc honor«) the other day, as straining over ono of Thurston's green cloths, ho exerted' ldmself to malte a' difficult hazard- " Ha !-a Corporation, my friend, is a great drawback to a man." . " Or to a "community either," was thu quiet rejoinder. TIES OF LOVE.-Dick Driver lacing his wife's stays early in tho morning, after à carousal at tho halt given by ibo Mayor on tho previons evening. COMINO EVKNTS CAST THEIR SHADOWS.- At one of tho late meetings of the City Council Mr Little moved the following resolution-" That ii any of tho well- paid officers in the service of tho Corporation become insolvent, they shall bo im- mediately discharged. ' Tho motion was lost, their being a largo majority against it. In tho following week one of tho City Councillors filed his schedule, It is to bo hopod nil tho others who opposed this excellent resolution don't in- tend to do thc same, or the city wilt bo without a City Council. What a dreadful loss I ! ! INFORMATION SOUOHT AND OBTAINED.-" What is Lnyard doing on horseback now Î" asked ono of the Vampire's blood-sucker's of " our boy.'* " Why, riding, I suppose,'' returned tho "ju- venile. * JAW VEHSDS LAW.-In nn apprentice caso yes- terday heard at tho Police-office, Mr Solicitor Driscoll quoted from Coko upon Lyttleton to shew that " an infant might bind himself.*' . n¡s Worship conceded thnt "an infant might be hound." In such case, to relievo the infant, uis should suggest a dose of castor oil. TIES OF AFFECTION-Doctor Tierney and Councillor Hogan bewailing tho fate of " The Board of Health '' on tho Doctor's seces- sion therefrom. Nsw ORLKANS S BRENA TJ BBS-This compiny will make their last appearance on Munday even- ing next, the performances being tor the benefit j of Messrs Newton and Price, Tambourine and Flu'e players. INFORMATION FOR SAILORS AT THE TURON, Sec. -"Jack, look out." An Inspector with a few of the Water Police are about to pay a visit to the Western Guiri Fields. APPOINTMENTS GAZETTED.- Fran- cis Lewis Shaw Merewether, Esq.. to be Auditor General, in the room of William Lithgow, Esq., resigned ; Willam Harvie Christie, Esq., to be Postmaster-General, in the room of Francis I.ewii Shaw Merewether. Esq.. appointed Audi- tor-General ; John Sterling, Esq., to be Agent tn the Estates formerly held by the Church and School Corporation, in the roum of William Harvie Christie," Esq., appointed Postmaster General ; Edmund Lockyer, Esq., to ba Ser geant-at-Arois to the Legislative Council of New Suuth Wales, in the room of W. H. Chris- tie, Esq., resigned ; Charles Blandford, Esq., Lieutenant In the Third D.vision of the Native Police, and Patrick Bogue, of Tambaroura, to be Magistrates of the Territory and its Depend- encies. ACCIDENT FROM LIGHTNING.-On Satur- day afternoon last, a valuable mare belonging to Mr Farrand, of the Free Press office, wa«killed hy A flash of lightning, in Mr Ford's paddock, Kelso. The electric Huld appears to have struck her on the p.ll, and passed along the mane lo the wither, the whole of which was scorched, Thence it ran down each side to the breast hone, leaving a track of burnt hair as it proceeded. Singular to say, the storm, if such it can bs catted, appears to have expended its force tn this single flash, as the weather Immediately cleared up. When struck by the lightning, she wai surrnundrd by some half dozen horses, all of which escaped unhurt. As an editorial specula- tion the said mare has proved a decidedly unpro- fitable one. After a considerable sum paid ai purchase money, the animal on one occasion, threw her rider in the bush, and galloped off with £10 in the saddle bags, which some honest John appropriated to bis own use, and after wauls turned her adrift. If supeistitlously dis- posed, we might gather something omlnoui from all these untoward circumstances.-Bath urst Free Press, May t. [Our Bathurst con' temporary may rely upon it that the above I: ominous of tba improbability of his ever lisiof in the stirrups.-Eos. H.LS.] QUARTZ CRUSHING.-A gentleman late from the Dirt Hole Diggings, informs tl: thal a rich vt in of auriferous quartz has beei discovered on the Lower Turon, and that tb» ?liscjVerers have put in their applications for a claim. Several specimens, containing a Urge prr centage of tile precious .metal, have been shown to our I formant, but the precise locality of the vein is for the present kept a profound secret. Every day assists to strengthen tli< conviction that the golden wealth of these dis- tricts ls ns yet but very imperfectly developed. We have an extensive tract of country alonf the banks of the Macquarie, between Bathun nnd the junction of the Turon, more particular)] ab< ut Mr Cummings' station, in which quartz I: more than usually- abundant, and the vein exceedingly well defined, and by many it i supposed thal some of the quartz Is auriferous Tin re cnn he no doubt but the quartz vein of these districts, will yet furnish ample em ployment for a large amount of labour am capita).- BnfAi/r*t Fee» Press, May 5. AN OPHIR NUGGET.-A beautiful nug get nf gold, lately dug up at Ophir, nnd weigh ing 18 ezs. fildwt*., was purchased on Saturda; last by Mr Dunaford. for JE50, who has sine taken lt to Sydney. Except a small quantity o quartz in the middle, there appeared to be yet little alloy about It.-Ibid. UNFOUNDEO RUMOUR.-A report wa prevalent In Bathurst, in the early part of lat week, to the effect that Mr Assistant Commission er Bowman had unaccountably disappeared I the bush while on his way from Bathurst to th Turon, and as no tidings could be heard of him it was conjectured some harm had befallen bim Wa are glad, however, to be able to state tht Mr Bowman arrived safe at his destlnatior and that the apprehensions of his friends wei unfounded.- Viid. 