8EC0ND LECTURE BY HIS EMINENCE CARDINAL WISEMAN, AT S0UTHWA11K. ?8WBJECT : — ' SOURCES OF PROTESTANT OBJECTIONS.' ''You err, not knowing the Scriptures, nor the .power of ^d.'— Math. xxii. 29. ? Yes my brethren, this Catholic Church believes, as truly as the does in the providential government of God in all the affairs of this world, in the existence of the Holy Spirit in the Church, teaching really and truly now all truth, as was promised. Not a single promise do we believe has failad ; each has been ful filled, and continues in its fulfilment. Now I ask others, who do not hold the Catholic belief, '. Why do you not put the same interpretation upon all these words?' The interpretation T have given is the most simple. You cannot posaibly by any means of inter preting, arrive at a more simple meaning1 than we attach to all the words of the Saviour and His Apos ties. And yet you dare not believe it. Why so ? Because ItnfTlnrv tttA Qnyi ntllfaO rtntiinn* in iknm «K.n. words, you do not know them. And why do you not know them? ' Because you do not know the Power of God. You cannot realise to yourselves the idea that where you do not see God producing cer tain given effects, simply because He has promised, these effects are invisibly continued. But I have nar rowed the question. Yon see these effects ; you see that unity ; you see that, adherence to dogma ; that perfect system that verifies nil which the prophecies and gospel tell us of the kingdom of God'; but having in your minds certain prejudices and preconceived opinions, having made up your minds that this can not be the Church of God ; you will not believe that there is an exercise of such power in the world. If Catholics disbelieved the power of God, they could not posaibly give this interpretation to these various Scriptures. But, ask your own hearts, ask your own understandings, if you really believe it possible that Wad woulu ueep up a succession ot men calling them selves the successors of the Apostles in one city for no other purpose than merely to preserve a certain out ward religion ? Can you believe that there is such t\n act-ion of God's power, as that He rules the effects of the succession of ages in altering and modifying the opinions of men, so that in this one community they should all agree, and all have agreed, for hnu dreds and thousands of years, simply and purely be «a-use there is a visible power of God exercised for this purpose ? You believe not in his power ; you believe in the abstract power of God, but not as a teal power, thus exercised for ihe perpetuation of His truth. And it is this which marks the difference between the simple exposition ot' Catholics of those texts, and the way in which they are worded and al tered by thoee who have made up their minds not to to be Catholics. The Catholic accepts every word —he accepts that the Church is the pillar and ground of truth i that the Holy Ghost is ever with her toa ehingber»ll the truth that the B-33ad Redeemer has promised to be with His Apostles and their suc cessors always, to the end of lime ; that the charge given to Petur is perpetuated as necessary to the ex istence of the Chnrch ; and that he who sits upon tho Pontifical throne is the Shepherd of the sheep, and holds tl'e keys of the kingdom as given to Peter. Be accepts all this, heoause he believes it to be per fectly poatibla, and tecause he believes that having spoken these words, God meant them to have effica cious power, and as they depended on that power for execution, it cannot be wanting. Others interpret those words in an unnatural or less literal sense, be cause it .would involve in their minda the existence of «l power in the Church such as they cannot make up their miuds to b.lieve it has pleased God to exeroUo. And then what remains P I put that picture, which 1 have faintly drawn, before one determined never to accept the claims of the Catholic Church, and I sav, ' Account for all this P I account for it by placing togt-ther the promise of God and the power of God. Now,.how do you account for the endurance of this e/vmpact power P— You, who have not been in exis tence fi r three hundred years, have separated and split into hundreds of different sects— account to ma for this wonderful preservation of dogma, thia invio lable unity P' You must say the Church of God is anchangeble — Why, 1 am told that, at every turn, in every religions meetiDg, from every pulpit, in tho daily and monthly aud yearly press, in every form fVan to letters, one using the words 'which I have received within the last few hours with reference to the discourses I am delivering, ? ' It is tho master piece of satan .' ! !' Our Blessed Redeemer came down to institute Christianity, which God had pro raissd to the whole ends of the earth; He came to found a Church which should support aud keen vi goroushold of all tho truths He should deliver; fie promised to her that perpetual assistance which we have se n ; and wo are to be told that when a body is presented to us which has these qualities and clear marks— when we see unity and peace, preservation of doctrine, permanence and stability, we are to be told that this is the work of Cod's infernal foe ! And the kingdom of Christ where is it P In a small multitude of those who are at war among themselves, who cannot agree upon the definition of one single dogma, who dis| ute whether or nor. it is by baptism a man is to be made a child of grace, who are broken into denominations of every strange name and every eccentric form — this scattered band all collected to gether from every op-nion, from every' stiange fancy is to be looked upon as the kingdom of Christ ! And He who told us ihata kingdom divided against itself ?toculd not stand, and that that was the characteristic af the kingdom of His enemy — Oh ! shall He be told unless it be in blasphemy, which tiod forbid, that what shows to us a conformity exactly to wliat He came to found, which presents to us the characteristics of His kingdom, is the matchless work of His eternal enemy ; and that what He came to found bears upon i the stamp of confusion and cleariy of destruction -—that it is Babel rather than Jerusalem — that it is the confusion of tongues rather than the union of hearts P Can any one. my brethren, blind tiimself so far as this, as that the kingdom of Chris: is to be ibund in what, to the impartial looker-on, mustpre ?«U the appearance of discomfited and defeated hosts flying in all directions and drawing their weapons against themselves, rather than in that host of Israel which goes forward compact, singing triumphantly the songs of Zion, and increasing not merely by strag gling numbers, but adding by hundreds to the in vincible phalanx of its conquering ranks P ' Oh, my brethren( if this be the reault of what has been pro mised to us, let us bow down our heads in humiliation and wonder at the mysterious dealings of God, who hath thus given to His enemy the power to construct and hath reserved to Himself only that to disperse' ! Our Blessed Redeemer has entered a synagogue in Galilee, and is instructing- the multitude. Let us listen for a moment at its door. What do we hear ? — Wrangling voices, angry and loud. What do they say ? -' How shall this man give us his flesh to eat ?' See, after a pause, during whioh, no doubt, sweet and and holy words have been spoken, there oomes rush ing forth an angry multitude, with countenances in uauueu wun wraui eyes sparKiing wun tury, oiancnea lips muttering almost curses. What do they say? — ' This is a hard saying, and who can believe it ?' Are these Sadducees or Pharisees ? — They are disciples; they are flying from Jesus; they are flying from Him for ever. They go back and walk no more with Him. And what is it which has provoked this extraordinary wrath ?— He has been teaching them a wonderful doctrine. He has been saying, ' Amen Amen, I say unto you unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood, ye shall have no life in you. For my flesh is meat, indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. He that eateth me shall live for ever.' Strange doctrine —wonderful and hard ?— hard indeed to flesh and blood? And how are these men met ?— They have been divided into two parts, one of which we have already heard saying,' How can this man give as his flesh to eat ? They have left Him. There re main the others, and what are their words P Jesus has turned round and appealed to them:1' Will you also leave me ? And they replied through Peter, ever faithful, ' To whom shall we go ? Thou hast the words of eternal life.' Here is the criterion again applied. Those words which Jesus spoke with His own blessed lips have become a part of the writ ten word ; they are now the Scriptures, and we may easily apply our test. How did those men err ? — They erred' not knowing the Scriptures, i.e., not knowing the words which Jesus apoke. Was it that they misunderstood His words ? Was it that they construed them wrong ! Was it that they did not apply. to them proper testa of explanation ?— No my biethren ; they knew not the Scripture; they knew not these words ; but still more, they knew not the power of God. ' How can this man give us his flesh to eat ?' is an expression of diffidenee, of disbelief of the possibility of doing. It is a hard saying — it is hard to reconcile it with affection, with principles even perhaps it may be said with our moral feeling therefore we will not believe this doctrine. Those men had seen our Blessed Lord perform a miracle but a few hours before, in feeding five thousand men irom hve loaves and two small fuhes. In that mi racle they believed ; they saw it with senses ; it came under the cognisance of their visual organs. But they could not reason by ana'ogy— their minds were to unrefined and carnal to do go : they could not say, ' If He has given us evidence of His power in the miracle which we have seen performed, how should we doubt in that which he has just spoken .?' Had He said,' I will feed five thousand men with a few loaves,' they might likewise have previously said. 'This is a hard saying, for no such miracle has ever been seen upon the earth.' But they had conviction that our Blessed Redeemer could do no more than they had eeen done ; and it was but reasonable to ex pect from them when He said, ?' I will give you my flesh to eat and my blood to drink,' they would not measure it by the rule of possibility or impossibility but what was promised was to be received in faith, and it was to be left to Him to use His power to per f rm His own work as He knew best. And tie Apostles through Peter applied our rule. ' Will you likewise leave me ?' — ,, No,' says Peter ; ' I do not see, I do not understand how that which Thou hast spoken of can be done : but thou hast spoken the words of eternal life ; I know that what Thou sayest must be true, however impossible it may appear ; I will go wheresoever Thou goest, aod remain where Thou remaincst ; I will be taught by Thee, and re ceive Thy doctrines, however difficult in principle or impossible they may appear.' These are two simple rules. It is clear the Saviour addresses the words, ' You err,' not because they had mistaken His meaning, but because they chose not to apply this test of interpretation, a perfect assu rance of the power of God to do whatever He tells you He will do. Then apply it now,, my brethren. Oh, how that doctrine of ours, which takes the words literally and at the same time in a most beautifully spiritual manner, is reviled and ridiculed I And at this very moment there are upon walls in this me tropolis hideous descriptions as they appear to the Catholic eye, sounds of blasphemy equal to those heard in the synagogue of Judea implying a disbelief in the possibility of God doing that which the Catho lic believes He has done. How is this doctrine met P Oh, jmy brethren, the Scriptures could not err. ' This is my I ody ; thi3 is my blood.' ?? He that eateth me shall live by me.' ' Unless ye eat of the flesh1 of the Sun of 'man, and drink His blood, you shall have no life in you.' Flesh, blood body,— all words as literal as possible. And the Catholic at once says, ' I accept and believe them as they are : and why ? Because I believe God has power to pre sent to me this body and this blood in any form which He has chosen to institute ; because though I do not see, nor feel, nor taste then), yet God having spoken the word, I can have no doubt but He is all powerful to do whatever He has said.' What is the source of objection against thia doctrine P That you must interpret these words figuratively : that it is only the type or symbol of Christ's body that ismeaut : that eating represents believing, that body means bread, that blond denotes wine, and that in tact thsre is not one single word in all these texts which are to be taken literally. And why P Becaiue you are told it is repugnant to sense. ' The body of Christ,' says the Common Prayer Book, *? being in Heaven cannot be upon earth.' ' How can this man give us His flesh to eat P' 'It is impossible, because a body in one place cannot be in another place.' ???' How can this man giye us His flesh to eat P' ?» It is contrary to reason, because a body has certain dimensions, has form and circumference and parts, and cannot be compressed into the small space of the consecrated elements.' ' How can this man give us his flesh to eat P' *' How is it possible, when it is repugnant to my own senses which God has given me to overrule the declarations of His own power ? My own senses, which are supreme and have aj their feet the teachings of God that I may try them and probe them, tell me it is impossible that there can be a body presented to me without my feeling or seeing it, or having some cognisance of it ?' ' How can this man give us his flesh to eat P' ' He can not : because 1 cannot conceive how He could do it.' This is the popular objection against the real presence in the Sacrament, It is a questioning of the power of God. The Catholic believes fully in that power : a Protestant makes up his mind that God's power is to be judged by those means which he himself pos sesses. It is like a man who would go, I will not say to the Pyramids, but to the chain of the Alps or the Andes, and take out his foot-rule with a deter mination to measure round their bases and ascertain their various dimensions. Or, it is like one who would go across the ocean with a ball of twine in his hand to measure the breadth of the far-rolling deep, and say that he is able with his small means to arrive at accurate calculations. It is truly like that vision which St. Augustine is said to have beheld when taught humility in judging of the things of God. He saw a cnild upon the sea-shore vainly endeavouring' to scoop out the waters of the ocean to a small hole made in the sand, and when smilingly he instructed the child, that vision saw and showed how foolish aod impracticable was what he had undertaken : ' And is i: more foolish,' that child said, ' than for you to pretend to comprehend the mysteries of relig ion and wnat God has taught, by the small measure of your intellect and soul P' Yes, my brethren, every day and every hour are these arguments un blushihgly brought forth, that tbe real presence in transubstantiation is not only false, but that it is absurd, impossible, blasphemous, everything that is terrible, and why P . Because it is repugnant to the sense and judgment of men of modern times and to the laws urhifth t.hnv rail thn lnurs nf nslnra 1'Umr will not believe in the power of God. They say it is a hard saying, and they cannot believe it. If, my brethren, any of you should have chanced to step into this Church at certain appointed hours each morning, or perhaps each evening, you might see one of the faithful, poor indeed, perhaps^kneeling for a time before the alter in serious and rapt medi tation, striking perhapi, now and then his breast raising his eyes, from which tears are starting ; and after a time you might see him, with slow step and dejectad countenance, go forth and enter one of those doors which break the walls around this church. And, perhaps, at another place, you will see similar ly entering in, one that is young, but bears upon her the mark of high dissipation and sin, who seems unused, perhaps, to the holiness of this place, — who, ere she dares to euter, stands imploring grace at the threshold, and then rushes forward and disappears from sight. ..After a time, each comes fortli with beaming countenance and with step erect goes for ward and kneels before the altar in gratitude and joy. You RPA in fhp first, flip nnntri^A hrrtbon-l-ioiifito/l utn_ ner, and you see in the second the penitent sinner copsoled and forgiven. And what do you aay if you are not a Catholic ? ' Oh ! blasphemous priest, thou art in there bringing to thee the sinners who are grievously offending God and making them believe ttiat by the uplifting of thy hands their sins are for given, and that thsy go forth, as they imngine, chil dren of grace I It cannot be; who can forgive sins but God P' Our Blessed Redeemer is in a house teachiug. He is surrounded by a dense multitude. It is impossi ble to enter in by the door. Suddenly they are star tled by the noise of workmen above. The roof is opened ; a bed is let down : a man is upon it, helpless from palsy ; his limbs are immovable; his whole frame is shrivelled, and he is unable to stand. His friends have brought him to the feet of Jesus. He is afflicted with a terrible malady indeed, which his friends are anxious to have cured ; but there is ano ther— a darker' deeper and unseen plague that has possession of his heart. The man is deeply inunorsed in sin, and Jesus seems to take notice or that disease, of the body for which his friends were anxious he should have relief, and also of theplagne with whioh his sou] is polluted, for He says at once, ' Thy sins are forgiven thee.' And what do men say around him P ?? Who is this that blasphemeth ? Who can forgive sins but God alone P' He is again in the house of a Pharisee. He is there surrounded by enemies who are watohing every look and every action. There enters in one who was well kuown for her sins to the whole company. Sue comes with faltering step indeed, scarcely venturing to enter in, but she does at length approach. She throws herself at the feet of Jesus, ahe washes them with her tears, and wipes them with the hair of her head, but she speaks not a word. Jesus speaks not, but He knows what others do not. They declaie from her notoriety that she is a sinner, and that He is not a Prophet, because He has allowed her to approach, i At last He addresses her, and tells her that her sin3 are forgiven. And what do they around say? 'This man blasphemeth; how can he forgive sinsP' My brethren, what a. similar picture is | this to what wo may witness in this our Church P ': How similar the words spoken to those addressed ! to those who call themselves the ministers of j ChriBt? Aud now, my brethren, how does the ? Redeemer deal with the caee? He does not say, i ' I am the Son of God ; God Himself; and true as it is that no one can forgive sin but God and God alone, your condemnation does not apply to ' me, because I, being God, have that power which i you do not acknowledge.' No, my brethren. He J withheld this high and complete refutation of the j cruel doctrine of the Pharitstes, and He chose rattier to lay down a doctriue such as should be : applicable to every time. *'ls it easier,' He says, , Kme up and walk,' or, ' Thy sins are forgiven the' P' Now, in other words, He meana, ' If I j can do the one, if you believe that I can perform, one miracle, you ought to be ready to believe that 1 can perform the other. If I, the Son of Man, (for eo He is there pleased to call Himself) have power to raise this man from the dead, then, if I choose to say, ' Thy sins are forgiven thee,' I have equal power, and you have to believe equally in that power though you see no change as to the fruit of my words. If God alone forgives sin, He forgives them in heaven ; * but that ye may know that the Son of Man hath power upon earth to forgive sin,' He says to the paralytic, ? Take up thy bed and walk/ ' And He justifies the other case by the love shown to Him in His humanity by the person who came to seek a remedy for sin. Now take the whole case a» thus set before us. Our Blessed Lord afterwards spoke these words to His Apostles, ' Whose sins so ever ye shall forgive on earth, shall be forgiven in Heaven ; and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth, shall be loosed in Heaven,' There is an exercise therefore of a power of forgiving sin to be put into execution upon earth by persons to whom our Blessed Redeemer communicated in the very same words this very same power which He nsed. Now, what makes the difference between the Catholic and Protestant interpretation of these words,' Whose sins ye rorgive on earth shall be forgiven in Heaven P' The difference is exactly that which the two instances in our Saviour's' life suggests. You do not believe that the priest on earth can forgive sins, beoause you cannot believe that such power has been given to men upon earth. You think itis blasphemous because it is an exercise of the power of God by man. And yet our Saviour clearly exercises that power ; and in the two examples He allowed the same objection to be made by His adversaries ; and His words went to prove that He had power to do invisibly to the soul what He did visibly with regard to the body, and He thus gives a key to the interpretation of those texts, But why will not Protestants accept this in terpretation ? Beoause they cannot believe in the existence of such power in the hands of man. It is repugnant to their feelings and imaginations, and to their conceptions of God's dealings with man, to al low thet He has committed or left such a power ; and they cannot understand how, after eighteen hundred years have elapsed, there should exist tins invisible power. The Catholic believes in the power of God. He considers that eighteen hundred years has no more weakened this power than eighteen hundred years have weakened any part of creation. He believes in the power Grod and in the words of Christ. The Ca tholic doctrine of forgiving sins springs up natur ally and clearly. It is founded on the ground that though we may have no visible outward sense of it, it can be believed. Aod the Catholic accepts this doctrine as one of the various means by which the Church exercises ,the power of the keys entrusted to her. I must illustrate this objection by further examples. We should be told, for instance, that if; is impossible to believe in such doctrines as Purgatory or Indul gences, because they suppose a power to be exercised in the invisible world with which it is evident there can be no visible connection. Aad whatever is invi sible, whatever comes not under the cognisance of sense is rejected ; and however clear the Scripture, they will be explained away simply on the ground that they cannot suppose a power to exist which canno* enter into the mind of men in our day. I bavesaidthat 1 could go on multiplying examples. I could, for instance, apply this doctrine of communion of Saints. But I hope to pnter more largely into details in sub sequent lectures. Regarding this doctrine the Pro testant says — ' How can the saints hear us at such a distance of space P What power have they ?' ' Ob jections, mark you, always respecting the manner in. which God may be pleased to exercise His power. If there is evidence that God intended us to be ia communion with those blessed spirits, it is for Him to find the means, and not forus.by which this com munion is kept up ; and, therefore, we must take His words and trust His power, and not aliow any diffi culty which springs up from our inability to com prehend how it is done, to stand in the way of full and simple belief in His words. But there is one topic, and one only, by which I would further illustrate this manner of reasoning as the most fruitful source of objections to Catholic doc trines. Aud it is one not unconnected with the very objection of the Sadducees, which drew forth thesa words so pregnant with meaning, and upon which I have already so long detained you. Our Blessed Saviour upon one occasion alluded to the existence of a form of virtue which until that time was unknown in the world. He began by say ing — *' Not all men take these words,' and He- con cluded by worda no less impressive — ' Let him who can take these words, take them.' It was not to be a prt'eopt consequently for all His Church ; it was to be the choice of a (ew and favoured souls. And the Apostle enters more fully into that same doctrina which he so strongly recommended as a more exalted state of life when frail beings here upon earth tram ple under foot the world aud its promises, cast beneath them the allurements which it spreads around, march forward on a thorny and straightar path of virtue, aim at higher and purei spheres of life, love to take le flight of the clove on the wings of contemplation to the very puro bosom of God, sen no more of earttt but it3 miseries for which to pray, or its misfortunes which to assuage, or its sufferings to which to minis ter ; and dividing life between tliesei vice of Christ in the communion of soul and affection with Him, and in the service of thoso that are most dear te Him, look for no reward here upon earth, but hope one day to receive far more than compensation for every willing privation in their glorious approach to the land without spot, and in singing to Him through eternity the incomparable canticles of prayer and praise. Yes, my brethren, that is the state of life to which our Saviour alludes, aud which, the Apostle more fully explains. And these words, like niuuy more, fell like seed upon good ground, ready for its reception ; aud it was not many years after these words were spoken when the deserts of E^ypt, which defied the cultivating hands of Pharaoh, sprang dip with the lily and the rose, and fountains gushed iortu to barry (lie watera of salvation to the ends of 'the 'qittti.- Tbese'auchorites, these pilgrims of the desert who secured the love and admiration of the Church, were men whose hands were not unused to toil, but whoso souls were still more used to contemplate. And from ehat early age there began to retire from Some and to bid adieu to earth, and to rank, and to esteem, and every family tie, virgins and maidens of highest degree, of royal birth ; who, like our own Anglo-Saxon princess, believed it was more glorious to keep a door in the house of the Lord, than to dwp)l in the most magnificent tabernacles of sin ; arid they have continued till now a glorious train, some who bear nobly triumphant palms in their hands ; some who press to their hearts the plant that emblemise3 their simple affection aad their spot less holiness ; and others who walk in the abodes of misery and desolation, accounting sin as the best at mosphere in whioh spiritual purity can be nourished, and who visit the tainted room even where vice and pestilence may be said to fester and ferment ; they have gone on — a glorious host indeed ; following the Lamb ; and rehearsing in this lowly sphere that song reserved for them hereafter. And there has continued in this Church of Christ that succession of ministers who humbly but confidingly have taken up theRe hidden mysterious words of our Lord, and who have devoted themselves to His ministry, but without further share in Uio affairs and anxieties of this world ; having no children around them but the family of Christ's poor ; looking to no other object of affection by their household hearth but the image of the Most Holy and Pure — He who hangs upon the cross ; and they endeavour, as I siid, imperfectly, indeed, but still resolute and determined, to continue their course until the end in that same untramelled course of charity and virtue. Oh ! my brethren, who understands those words of our Saviour, those words of St. Paul, ' but the Ca tholic Chureh alone P And how are they met P Oh I should blush indeed if I would deign to allude too closely to the coarse, the vile, the cuiumnious, and I may add, for it is God Himself in His grace that Bhere impugned, the blasphemous system in which this .holy purity is assailed, treated as a mockery, and as a thing without existence. So bad, so shameful, so unlicensed, is the language employed that one would be almost compelled to believe by it, that they who leave all things to follow Christ, and who re nounce what.otherscling to of worldly estate, make it a cloak to give tliemselves to the foul enemy of man kind. ' Oh God, in no other place, n no other way, has Thy power been so muchderided.and impugned !' And how ? By the simple answer of the unbelieving Sadducec, — it is impossible that such virtue can exis;. And why not ? Oh ! because you kuovv not the pow er of God and His graee. Do you believe that it is -given to man, indeed, to aim at these high robes of perfection and to walk upon — to soar in thess sub lime flights and not have a piinon broken and fall again to the ground ; to love and converse in spirit with God, without therefore being1 necessarily invol ved in the evil conversations and thoughts of this world? Oh ! my brethren, it is here that every thing that has been said concerning this last state is met by the cold charge of impossibility, and the ce libacy of the clergy has within the last year, been more brutally assailed than any other part of Catho lic doctrine, always by appealing to the imaginations and passions and sentiments of the worst class of taen ! They themselves being judges who are impure, how can they expect others to be better P Men whose company would not be allowed in the domestic circle or soceity of thoso whose virtue we value, are appea led to in every public way, and the most disgusting publicity wanted as to whether they would tolerate a people who believe that there is virtue and chastity Hjpon e-mh, and who tiust in the power and grace of God? No ; the powei of God is not known in the interior ac I ion ff grace any more than known to teach truth, to preserve unity, to institute great sacramen gif(8,J)r to communicate to nun thai}, Oivcr of fo - giving sins which God is pleased instruinentully to confide to him. No one form of God's power 13 known, or fully admitted or undevstood by those who object to the Catholic Creed. And it is only in the Catholic Church, and among Catholics, that this ac knowledgment of God's infinite and unbounded power is admitted and recognised ; and the great source of objection, as I h*ve shown, springs up from a latent difficulty or rather impossibility of admitting to the full extent which Catholics require the existence of Divine power in the spiritual and religious world. And thus it comes that the Catholic increases and ad vances ; calls upon you to construct, to build up, to elevate your ideas (f God's guatness, majesty and Deity ; calls upon you not to renounce reason, which brings you to the discovery of the first principles and simple truths — such »s, for ina'.ance, that the Almighty can do what He pleases. And now, my brethren, to conclude. I must use what many may consider a hard expression, but in candour and truth I must uae it. If I were asked, ??' What is the meaning of Protestanism ?' I should osy, 4tJt is a protest against the exercise of God's J*ower ; it is a constant guard of mind and intellect Againai admitting that God can do to the letter those things which in His word He has done, and has said He will do ; that it is a study, a subtle study, to make feie ..of every means, from the first grammatical rules to,the most refined physical or metaphysical consider ations, to explain away, to twist, to evade in some way or other, the cleur aud explicit declarations of ?Gptl, that in His Church acts of power were to be exercistd which should have no evidence externally, but would be performed in reference to the hearts and souls of men I' And, further, I must say that when you reject or object to one of God's attributes, whether His power, or wisdom, or goodness, you are »ure likewise to involve a Protestant opposition to some other. When you object to the power of God by saying—' How is it possible that what 1 see to be bread suould de His body P', it is not merely His .jwwer, His abstract power, which is called in ques tion, but if is His power in connection with His good ness. You say iu your hearts—' Oil, this is too much, I 'do not believe that God would condescend so far as to give nut Himself ; to oomoumiciite His whoie ex- istence to me : it is incredible ; you make a demand that it is far too strong upon human sense and under standing, upon human attributes and feelings.' No it is not merely ' How can He by the exercise of po wer, but by the exercise or outstretch of His goodness I reject it because the capacity of my mind cannot take in such an exercise of His love.' And when, again, you refuae to believe that man, as the instru ment of God, can forgive sin, it is not merely the goodness of God, but the power and grace of the Almighty, to which you object. You think it is a foolish way, — a degrading, a lowering way ; and you cannot believe that God would deal so unceremonious ly with you : that he would give to any men the pow er of forgiving your sins. And thus it is that any system which does not submit to the guidance of God when He has spoken, is a rebellion against His truth My brethren, God has said, ' Unless you become as little children, ye shall not enter into Heaven.' A child is docile, humble, and believing : a child has asofr, impressive intellect ; its credulity is almost unbounded ; and when once the parant whom it loves has spoken, there is no more doubt upon its mind. And when Jesus speaks to you, asks you to believe why should you refuse ? Look through His life, and see where He has commended it. We have one in stance ' Lord, I believe ; help Thou mine unbelief;' another, when it was said,' If Thou hast been here my brother would uot have died ; but I know that even now whatever Thou afikest of the Father, He will give T!)ee ' another when the blind man asked and received his sight and went away with gladHesa ; and lie also commended such a confiding, trusting state of mind and heart to the poor woman of Canaan, who received His reproof with mildness. Thus should ye accept the teaching of the Church in the simplicity of your hearts ;and if yo'u refuse, Oh ! fear when you come before Him one day, and stand be fore His tribunal, and you say, ' I judged, I thought for myself ; I read, I considered, and 1 decided 5 and I believed just so much or so little of what was taught me' — Oh ! fear lest He say to you, '* You have erred not knowing the Scriptures, nor the power of,God.'» Crystal Palace. — The future of the Crysta Palace is settled. On Thursday last Messrs. Fox and Henderson met Mr. Francis Fuller and his friends in the Transept, late the scene of so many glories, when the transfer was executed, the price of (£70,000) paid, and possession formally delivered. At a luncheon which followed the serious part of the business, the planB of the new purchasers were to some extent explained in speecbea from Messrs. Scott Russell, Fuller, S. Lang-, (chairman of the Brighton Railway), and others. A park of 150 acres has been secured in the neighbourhood of Sydenham. Railway communication from the interior of the Building will be opened up with the Brighton and South-Western Railways, on which the public will be conveyed in a quarter of an hour for a few pence to and fiom the Park and Winter Garden, to be laid out by Sir Joseph Paxton, decorated by Mr. Owen Jones, assisted by Mr. Digby Wyatt. All that trees, shrubs, flowers, fountains, can do, will be done to adorn the Palace, dedicated to the innocent amusement aud instruction of all classes, but especially of the working classes. Incumbered Estates — Salb in Limerick. — On Saturday the public sale took place of the property, denominated Cahirelly East. The property prodnces a profit rent upon the whole of between £700 and £800. a year, and was .set up for sale in six lots to suit purchasers. The aggregate of the purchase money for the six lota amounts to £12,620., and it is said that the amount of incumbrances exceeds £20,00u — a sad thing for creditors. — Limerick Examiner. Grand Tournament on the Banks of Lough Erne. — Preparations are making on a magnificent scale for an entertainment in the course of the sum mer in Fermanagh. The Duke of Wellington, who has not been in Ireland for many years, is anxious to pay his native country a farewell visit, and from the Earl of Elington's fame in these matters of taste, it will no doubt far exceed any entertainment ever yet brought forward in this country. Blowing up a Wreck in the Thames.— Tbe blowing up of the wreck of the Resolution at Northfleet, on Friday, 29th., ult., was conducted very satisfactory. The whole body cf the hull was shatte red, and masses of wood and beams were thrown into tiear, mixed with quantitej of water made quite black by the dispersion of the coals. When the agi tation of the water subsided, a large quantity of white bait which had been destroyed by the explosion, floa ted on the water. There were great numbers of spec tators. The Gravesend waterman picked up the frag ments of wood, and many boats went awa£ completely loaded. The shock of the explosion was felt distinct ly on the h 11 at Nortbflaet. The charge was some thing more than 500lbs. The galvanic battery used was Smee's. Captain Rowland, the principle harbour master, and superintendent of the river, had the whole of the arrangements under his supervision. Piracy and Murdek at Liverpool. — The schoo ner Cynthia arrived on Friday morning from Cam peachy, in charge of a foreign ciew. Shortly after leaving that port the captain and mate of the vessel were murdered by a portion of the crew (Spaniards) a couple of English sailors only escaping death through the intercession of a Portuguese. The Teasel was afterwards compelled to put back to Campeuchy where she went into quarantine, the murderers having informed the Custom House officers that fever prevailed on board to which the captain and mate had fallen victims. The real facts of the case did not transpire until the two Englishman managed to escape, when the vessel was boarded, and the mur derers were captured. After undergoing a trial, the ringleader was shot, and bis accomplices trans ported or imprisoned. v- SHirwaFBK — Fifteen Lives Lost. — On the mor ning of the 23rd inst. the ship Emma, I of i..ondon,450 tons, from Honduras to Queenstown, with a valuable cargo of mahogany, logwood, &c;, struck on a sun ken rock a little to the east of Fileareel buoy, Dun worly, and instantly became a total wreck, when fif teen cut of eighteen hands on board met with a wa tery gravB.-— Cork Examiner. 