THE FUNERAL OF THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON. (Abridged from the Times, November 19. J Yesterday the mortal remains of Arthur Duke of Wellington were conveyed from the Horse Guards to the Cathedral of St. Paul's, and there buried by the side of Nelson. A million and a half of people beheld and participated in the ceremonial, which was national in the truest and largest sense of the word. Before daybreak yesterday, in accordance with the arrangements of the programme, and with the terms of the general orders issued, the troops appointed to take part in the funeral began to muster in St. James's-park in the Mall, and on the parade ground behind the Horse Guards. The coaches also, which were to join in the procession, were assembled there, and within a spacious tent workman of all kinds, who had toiled incessantly the whole night through, were busily engaged in completing the decorations of the funeral car. Day broke heavily, the wind being loaded with moisture, the sky threatening looking, and the streets giving most unequivocal tokens of a night of heavy rain. It was as cold and cheerless morning as could well be conceived, and one could not help inwardly pitying the thousands of anxious and excited spectators who were standing it out, having never been to bed. As daylight came a dusky mass of armed men, seen on the left side of the parade facing towards the Horse Guards, became distinguishable as the Rifles, their sombre uniforms harmonising with the occasion. The first battalion is at present on service at the Cape, and on the 2nd battalion, therefore, devolved the honour of representing the corps at the Duke's funeral. Looking to the right, the eye rested next, through the grey morning, on the 1st battalion of Royal Marines and the 33rd Regiment, drawn up in column directly opposite the Horse Guards. To the right of these were the Fusilier, Coldstream, and Grenadier Guards, the whole force forming an imposing array to British eyes, though, small in comparison with Continental musters. At the east end of the wall might be observed the head of the cavalry force, comprising eight squadrons from the most distinguished regiments in the service. There were the 17th Lancers, the 13th Light Dragoons, the 8th Hussars, the Scotch Greys, the 6th Dragoon Guards, and Blues, and the 1st and 2nd Life Guards, and gallant and splendid they looked on a closer survey, as, drawn up with military precision, they awaited the signal to start. It was of course impossible, except from a housetop, to take in at one view all the troops upon the ground and standing at the Horse Guards. The infantry formed the most striking feature of the spectacle-their stand ' ards covered with crape drooping heavily, and swayed about occasionally by the bearers, while the morning light glimmered family upon the serried rows of bayonets. As the morning advanced a brilliant muster of officers gathered near the gateway of the Horse Guards, some intent on having a good view of the funeral car, which was a great object of attraction, while others issued orders or made inquiries with reference to the procession. Lord Hardinge appeared at half-past 7 o'clock, and his presence greatly accelerated the preparations. The coffin was removed from the chamber in which it had rested during the night, and by the aid of machinery was raised to its position on the lofty summit of the car. At 8 o'clock the hangings of the tent which concealed it from the view were suddenly turned up. The first minute gun was fired, the troops presented arms and saluted the body, upon which the roll of the muffled drum followed by the music of the "Dead March " in Saul, announced that the procession had commenced. This was certainly one of the most impressive and striking features in the ceremonial, and the effect of it will long be remembered by the multitudes who, from every window, platform, balcony, and housetop overlooking the park, had a view of the spectacle. The plan on which the order of procession was arranged is worthy of some notice, the more so as it indicates a praiseworthy desire on the part of the Herald's College to follow in these matters the spirit of the age, to which heraldry, like everything else, must sooner or later con- form. To stamp the funeral with a military character, the troops led the way, the regiments of which the Duke was colonel having precedence. All branches of the service infantry, cavalry,. and artillery were represented, to show the full scope of the Commander-in- Chief's office, and of a Field Marshal's dignity. The veteran character of the deceased-his experience in war, and the length of days with which he had been blessed, notwithstanding its risks, are the next points illustrated and to realise this to the mind, the eighty-three Chelsea pensioners, the enrolled pensioners, and the corps made up of single soldiers from every regiment in the service, took part in the procession. The East India Company's army was also represented to show the wideness of the sphere to which the Duke's services had extended, and to recall the memory of those famous eastern fields on a which he won his earliest laurels. From the reminiscences of his military career the symbolical significance of the funeral programme turns to less obtrusive, but hardly less interesting points. From his relations with his domestics to those arising out of public appointments, and connecting him with public bodies, the order of precedence rises, until at last the train that ears him to the tomb is swelled by the greatest names in the state, the Queen alone excepted. This was the least telling part of the procession as a spectacle, though the most remarkable as a tribute to the greatness of the man. The mourning coaches prepared for the occasion, and the carriages of our great nobles and men of highest mark and consequence, are certainly objects worth looking at, but they do not strike the eye like a brilliant line of cavalry, and even the ponderous vehicle which bears the burden of civic majesty had its gilded glories eclipsed by the superior attractions of the military pageant. The long list of deputations and delegates belonging to our greatest corporate bodies, or representing the different orders of honour and merit, and the roll of Ministers and great officers of state, culminate in the name of his Royal Highness Prince Albert, and to him, in the programme, succeed the batons and the coronet won by the deceased-the rewards and emblems of his military genius. Here, too, come the foreign princes and warriors appointed by their respective Governments to represent them on the occasion and thus his career, his estimation among his countrymen and his dignities, heralding the way, his body is borne to the tomb by eight general officers-his most distinguished companions in arms officiating as pall-bearers. The chief mourner and relatives and friends of the deceased follow, then his horse, and, finally, the order of the procession (reverting to the military idea) closed up with a detachment from every regiment in the service, under the command of General Wetherall. Having explained the spirit in which yesterday's solemnity was arranged, we now proceed to give some account of the manner in which it was carried out. As each regiment or body of troops filed off in the appointed order, its band led the way, playing the " Dead March," or other appropriate pieces, accompanied at intervals by the roll of the muffled drums. The men, of course, carried their arms reversed, which, combined with the mournful music and slow funeral pace at which they marched, had a singularly imposing effect. To the troops the mourning coaches and carriages, properly marshalled, succeeded and the length of the procession may be imagined when we state that though the Rifles led the way, at 8 o'clock, it was 25 minutes past 9 before the car started, and half an hour later before the extreme rear was in motion. When the car arrived in front of Buckingham Palace it halted for a short time, giving her Majesty and the royal family, who were in the balcony, above the main entrance, a good opportunity of seeing it. The windows and parapets of the grand facade were all occupied, but the view into the courtyard was left open, and this perspective of the royal edifice rendered it one of the most picturesque and effective coup d'oeil in the progress of the procession. Pass- ing up Constitution Hill, as the car approached Grosvenor Gate, the numbers assembled within the park greatly increased, and nearly all the trees were filled with spectators. At the gate itself a halt was made, and the eye naturally turned, in the first place, towards Apsley House, which was completely closed, and had a strange, tenantless, deserted look in the midst of the vast multitudes assembled all round it. At two or three of the most crowded points, where the pressure was likely to be greatest, the assistance of the military was obtained, but only to prevent the possibility of mischief", and not from any actual want of help. The men kept the line of procession clear throughout without any inconvenience; and it is due to the public to say that they never were better behaved or less disposed to be troublesome. The car arrived at the entrance to the cathedral about 10 minutes after 12, and preparations for the removal of the coffin were immediately made, but something was wrong, or went wrong, and the consequence was a delay of nearly an hour and a half before the funeral procession down the nave could be formed. in the interval, and while the under- takers' men used every exertion to facilitatesCbe unloading of the car, the entrance to the cathe dral presented a singular and not uninteresting spectacle. There were old generals and field officers, the illustrious companions in arms of the Duke, enduring as best they could the force of the searching November wind which blew keenly through the open doorway of the sacred edifice. The distinguished foreigners withdrew before it several times, and the clergy, who, in double lines extending along the nave, waited for the service to begin, vainly sheltered their faces in their robes. Garter and his colleagues stood it out bravely, and, after many efforts, at length succeeded in marshalling- the procession. It was a fine and an imposing sight to see the muster of old veterans at the entrance during this deten tion***Sir William Napier sitting on a kettle- drum Sir Charles moving about with the activity of a much younger man Lord Hardinge also vigorous, and full of life ; but, most wonderful of all, the Marquis of Anglesey, with bald, uncovered head, apparently unconscious of the fact that age stands exposure to cold less successfully than youth. The display of orders, stars, and ribands here Was quite overpowering. The great distinguishing feature of yesterday's ceremonial remains, however. The funeral pomp, splendid as it was, is nothing, but the million and a half of mourners will be remembered as a historic fact-a shining proof that we have not forgotten to value patriotism, and that the memory of him who on so many fields defended the liberties of his country is embalmed in the hearts of her people. ST. PAUL'S CHURCHYARD. St Paul's churchyard had been a scene of the utmost bustle from the early part of the morning, the more because, from the fittings-up of the cathedral not being completely finished in time, some, at least, of the doors were not opened at the hour promised, and a crowd of people provided with tickets were kept waiting in the churchyard. Even later than 9 o'clock, and when the cathedral was full, workmen were still engaged in knocking away tempory hoard- ings, and otherwise completing their work. It is 10 o'clock in the morning, as we walk up the geometrical stair case, and step out on the balcony to look upon a scene already singular and exciting. There, is a stir among the soldiers ; they are getting into order. The Life Guards ride into the churchyard from Dean's Yard. There is a slippery bit of paving at that gateway and one of the horses falls ; the rider has a narrow escape, but, though evidently much shaken, he is not materially hurt, and like a soldier, he mounts again and proceeds upon his duty. Later in the day another horse fell there. A host of infantry now approach, advancing up Ludgate Hill in single file, one file on each side of the street, The train seems interminable. They pass the church, and clear off in an easterly direction. It is now 11 o'clock. These files of infantry have ended, and after an interval the general procession comes. It is still military, Some- times there is a succession of guns, sometimes dense masses of the Guards. At intervals there are the hands of various regiments. It is very striking, these successive bands ; as one passes by the church, and the music dies upon the ear, the notes of the next band begin to be heard, taking up the wail. Major General his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, who commands the troops employed, is riding about, and giving the requisite directions. Now comes the 83 Chelsea pensioners, wearing their medals, it is a company that seem to excite general interest ; the soldiers go past the church-the pensioners go in. Next, the "one soldier from every regimental interesting group. The procession now begins to be one of carriages and mourning coaches and the time consumed in setting down their occupants at the door makes this part of the proceeding rather tedious. The Sheriff's carriages approach, but they are hardly in keeping with a funeral procession ; their gay decorations require some signs of mourning about them on such an occasion. The Speaker in his quaint state carriage and the Lord Mayor in that capacious vehicle of his, which, after all, the citizens have seen in the procession in November before. Now come three royal carriages, with those noble horses which it is a treat to see ; the third carriage brings Prince Albert. We cannot see him, but the salute as he passes the troops proclaim his presence. We miss the foreign batons, but it is because they are carried in closed mourning coaches. All eyes now watch for the funeral car. It is drawn by twelve black horses, three abreast and covered with velvet, presenting such a dark foreground that we can hardly see whether the car is drawn by horses or not. The car is driven in at the churchyard gates, and drawn up in front of the great western door ; the relations of the Duke are set down at the side entrance. After them follows that touching sight-the horse led after the bier of its master. There still remains a very interesting passage. Officers and men from every regiment in the service march past. The churchyard from the entrance up to the car is cleared ; the coffin is there before all eyes, the Duke of Cambridge, the Commander, stands at the gate with his sword drawn in his hand, and the men, who represent the whole army of England, march slowly and sadly by. There has not been a more striking or effective circumstance in the proceedings of the day. The soldiers seem to be impressed with the situation. It is the final token of reverence for their departed chief. It is rendered in solemn silence, t closes the procession, with the exception only that the carriages of the sovereign here most appropriately follow. THE CATHEDRAL. From the time the doors were opened about seven o'clock-the numbers continued to increase very rapidly, and as the arrangements for setting down the visitors, excellent and extensive as they were, did not meet their eagerness, many of them left their carriages and walked to the cathedral. The early morning was dark, windy, and wet, but, with rare good fortune for such a time of the year, the sightseers in the streets were favored with fine weather, for it cleared up as the day advanced, though a biting cold wind, which whistled down the western entrance along the nave, searching the very bones of the spectators, reminded them forcibly and unceasingly that it was an English autumn outside. Many put handkerchiefs over their heads, and at last the cold became so intense that most of the persons in the back of the nave were compelled to put off their hats, notwithstanding the sacred character of the place. The old generals, with true military punctuality, were among the earliest arrivals, and the quarter of the area appropriated to them was filled very speedily. The old admirals were equally exact, and every eye in the cathedral was soon directed to that quarter, where orders, stars, ribands, and crosses, glittering on bright scarlet and blue, told of men who had served their country and had fought by the side of the great warrior whose remains were approaching their last home. Sir C. Napier, with his eagle face, moving stiffly along from the effect of his old wounds-his brother, Sir William, with a frame, if possible, still more shattered by ball and perforated by bayonet- Lord Gough, with his noble soldierlike bearing, Lord Seaton, Lord Comber- mere, Sir James M'Donnell, Sir A. Woodford, Sir W. Cotton, these, and many other gallant veterans, called one's mind back to the days when Wellesley led his ill-provided levies against the disciplined battalions of the great Emperor, and taught a generation of soldiers who are yet among us the way to conquer. About 10 o'clock the Duc de Brabant and the Compte de Flandres, sons of the King of the Belgians, entered the cathedral. They were dressed in the uniform of their respective regiments, the Guides and Lancers, and were attended by Colonel le Comte de Moerkerke, Comte de Briey, and Sir R. Carsewell. The young Princes, who attracted a good deal of attention, took up their places in the left amphitheatre. Soon afterwards the members of the House of Commons began to make their appearance in de- tachments as boat after boat conveyed them to Paul's stairs. Almost the first who walked up the naive was Mr. Hume, accompanied by Sir J. Walmesley. At 11 o'clock many hon. members had taken their places, among whom were Sir J. Graham, Sir C. Wood, Mr. Keogh, Mr. O'Flaherty, Mr. Swift, and many others and meanwhile, as every minute passed, the mass of uniforms grew denser and brighter to the eye, as the wearers climbed up from the floor of the nave and took their places in the front seats above, which were filled in a line, not very much broken, three or four deep, from end to end on both sides of the passage, with the officers of every branch of the service. As the sunlight shot obliquely in through the windows, and cast its rays down the amber-coloured blaze of the gas, it fell with wonderful effect on the varied hues to be seen in the body of the cathedral. | Here were the generals, all scarlet and gold, dotted with admirals in blue and white ; there the diversified uniforms of the representatives of foreign powers, where Count Walewski displayed the uniform of France, though our old ally," Austria was absent ; again the sable of Peers and Commons, the red and purple gowns of the corporations, the black robes and white and red hoods of the university deputations, and the immense array of faces rising pile after pile, and diminishing into mere specks in the distance, beneath the arches of the upper galleries. At 11.35 the military bands outside the western entrance struck up a dead march, which they played at intervals till the procession approached, and the funeral bell told solemnly, blending with the strains of the music in mournful unison. At 11 35, also, the 83 Chelsea 2 en sioners, having black winds in their hands, marched into the nave in two lines, and wheel- ing round, sat down on the seats beneath the row of officers. The poor fellows seemed tired enough, and, with the steadiness of old soldiers, who had seen too much of the world to be interested in anything, they scarcely looked at the preparations around them. They were followed by the men selected from every regiment in the service which had taken part in the procession. In quick succession followed, in groups, the various bodies assisting at the ceremonial from the Horse Guards to the cathedral. Officers of the army, of the navy, of various foreign ser- vices-the great Ministers of State, and the judges, moved slowly onwards, filling up the nave with a rich stream of colour, on which the eye rested without fatigue, while every accession added to the interest of the scene. The procession entered in the order which had been observed throughout. As each flag and garden was carried to the area of the place whereon the coffin was to lie, it was planted in due order by the bearer. The Commons, nobly headed by the Speaker, moved to their places ; among those present, in addition to those already named, were-Mr. Disraeli, Sir J. Pakington, Mr. Beresford, Mr. Christopher, Mr. Walpole, and about 300 other honourable gentlemen. Next came the Lords, preceded by the Lord Chancellor, in state. Among them were-the Earl of Derby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Earl of Malmesbury, the Earl of Carlisle, the Duke of Argyll, Earl St. Germans, the Bishop of Oxford, the Bishop of Winchester, Lord Melville, the Bishop of London, Lord Broughton, the Duke of Newcastle, Lord Lyttelton, Lord Campbell, the Earl of Cardigan, &c.; The Ministers moved round and took their places at the right hand side of the area in front of the Lords. m7-. Disraeli was seated between Mr. Christopher and Mr. Beresford. Then came the marshals and generals of Spain, Russia, Prussia, Portugal, the Netherlands, and Hanover, in their gorgeous uniforms, moving slowly onwards towards the area, amid the strains of sad music, till they formed in two glittering columns around the resting-place of the bier. At a quarter past 12 the Bishop of London and the Dean of St. Paul'8rheadiiijf the clergy and the choir, proceeded slowly up the nave from the Organ to the entrance to receive the remains of the great Duke. Clothed in white, with black bands and sashes; the procession, thus headed, moved in two streams of two and two through the dignified and richly attired assemblage till they halted at the door, where they drew up in column four deep. A considerable delay took place in removing the coffin from the funeral car, which tended somewhat to impair the effect of the solemn ceremonial. For nearly an hour this untoward stoppage excited the anxiety of the spectators, who could not understand the cause of it but at length there was a universal bush, and, as if moved by one mind, the whole of the vast assemblage stood up in respectful grief as the coffin which contained the remains of the great Duke appeared in sight, preceded by the choir with measured tread as they chanted the beginning of the burial service by Dr. Croft. When the coffin was borne in the wind stirred the feathers of the Marshal's hat placed upon the lid, and produced an indescribably sorrowful effect in giving an air of light and playful life to that where all was dead. And thus with the hoarse roar of the multitude without as they saw their last of Arthur, Duke of Wellington, with the grand and touching service of our Church sounding solemnly through the arched dome and aisles of the noble Church, with the glistening eye and hushed breath of many a gallant as well as of many a gentle soul in the vast multitude, with the bell tolling solemnly the knell of the departed, taken up by the voice of the distant cannon, amid the quiet waving of banners and flag, surrounded by all the great ness of the land-with all the pomp and glory of heraldic achievement, escutcheon and device his body was borne up St. Paul's. At 45 minutes past 1, the coffin was slid off the move able carriage in which it had been conveyed up the have to the frame in the centre of theatres under the' dome, which, as our readers have been informed was placed almost directly over the tomb of Nelson, which lies in the crypt below. Th marshal's hat and sword of the deceased were removed from the coffin, and in their place ; ducal coronet, on a velvet cushion, was substituted. The foreign Marshals and Generals stood a the head of the coffin at the south side of i stood his royal Highness Prince Albert, with his baton of Field- Marshal in his hand, am attired in full uniform, standing a little in advance of a numerous staff' of officers. At each side of the coffin were British Generals who had acted as pall-bearers. After the psalm am anthem, the Dean read with great solemnity and impressiveness, the lesson, 1 Cor. xv. 22 which was followed by the Nunc Dimittis, am a dirge, with the following words set to music by Mr. Gross And the King said to all the people that were with him Rend your clothe and gird you with sackcloth and mourn.' An the King himself followed the bier.' And the buried him. And the King lifted up his voice and wept at the grave, and all the people wept And the King said unto his servant, ' Know by not that there is a Prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel ? " And now came the roll of muffled drums, and the wailing notes of the horn and cornet, in the coffin slowly sank into the crypt amid the awful strains of Handel's "Dead March." The Ducal crown disappeared with its gorgeous support, and in the centre of the group of general and nobles was left a dark chasm, into which every eye glanced sadly down, and all knew it deed that a Prince and a great man had the day gone from Israel. The remaining portion of the funeral service were then performed The congregation were requested to join in the responses to the Lord's Prayer and the effect of many thousand voices in deep emotion repeating the words after the full enunciation the Dean was intensely affecting. " His body is buried in peace, But his soul liveth evermore," from Handel's funeral anthem, was then so! effectively performed by the choir. And the Garter King at Arms, standing over the vault proclaimed the titles and orders of the deceased whom Heaven has pleased to take from us: Arthur Wellesley, he said, was the Most High Mighty, and Most Noble Prince, Duke of We lington, Marquis of Wellington, Marquis i Douro, Earl of Wellington, in Somerset Viscount Wellington, of Talavera, Baron Douro of Wellesley, Prince of Waterloo, in the Netherlands, Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo, in Spain, Duke of Brunoy, in France, Duke of Victoria, Marqu of Torres Vedras, Count of Vimiera, in Port gal, a Grandes of the First Class in Spain, Privy Councillor, Commander-in-Chief of the British Army, Colonel of the Grenadier Guard Colonel of the Rifle Brigade, a Field-Marshal < Great Britain, a Marshal of Russia, Marshal of Austria, a Marshal of France a Marshal of Prussia, a Marshal of Spain a Marshal of Portugal, a Marshal of the Netherlands, a Knight of the Garter, a Knight of the Holy Ghost, a Knight of the Golden Fleece, a Knight Grand Cross of the Bath, Knight Grand Cross of Hanover, a Knight the Black Eagle, a Knight of the Tower and Sword, a Knight of St. Fernando a Knight i William of the Low Countries, a Knight Charles the III., a Knight of the Sword ? Sweden, a Knight of St. Andrew of Russia, Knight of the Annunciado of Sardinia, Knight of the Elephant of Denmark, a Knight of Maria Theresa, a Knight of St. George < < Russia, a Knight of the Crown of Rue . Saxony, a Knight of Fidelity of Baden, a Knight of Maximilian Joseph of Bavaria, a Knight i St. Alexander Nevsky of Russia, a Knight i St. Hermenegilda of Spain, a Knight of the Red Eagle of Branden- burgh, a Knight of S Januarius, a Knight of the Golden Lion > Hesse Cassel, a Knight of the Lion of Baden, Knight of Merit of Wurtemburg, the Lord High Constable of England, the Constable the Tower, the Constable of Dover Cast! Warden of the Cinque Ports, Chancellor of the Cinque Ports, Admiral of the Cinque Port Lord- Lieutenant of Hampshire, Lord-Lieutenant the Tower Hamlets, Ranger of St. James Park, Ranger of Hyde Park, Chancellor of the University of Oxford, Commissioner of the Royal Military College, Vice-President of the Scottish Naval and Military Academy, of Master of the Trinity house, a Governor King's College, a Doctor of Laws, fee. Then the late Duke's controller having brot in pieces his staff' of office in the house handed it to the Garter King at arms, who is the fragments into the vault. The choir v chorus sang the hymn, " Sleepers, awake !" a' the Bishop of London, standing by the side the Lord Chancellor, pronounced the blessing which concluded the ceremony. And thus was buried, with all state and how the great Duke of Wellington. THE RETURN. "While the service was proceeding in theatre dral, the funeral car was driven off in the direction whence it came. On the conclusion of the service, at a quar before three o'clock, Prince Albert left the cat dral, escorted home by a party of the guard The rest of the assemblage then took their a parture. The streets were much crowded to while, but the length of time that the peo- had been out tended soon to lessen the number The St. Katherine, London, West India, East India Docks, and Regent's Canal, were closed. The union jack was hoisted half-rr high on the pier-head of each dock, and by shipping of all nations in the various docks, : we observed the tri-colour half-mast on seven French ships. The great bell of St. Dunstan Stepney, began tolling at minute intervals at o'clock. The last minute gun announced at the tomb had closed over all that was mortal the illustrious warrior. The bells of all churches in the Tower Hamlets were tolling minute intervals throughout the day. N; tenths of the shops were entirely closed, and rest partially so. The blinds of the price changes were down, and the shutters closed in directions. Marks of respect to the memory of the G. Duke were also paid in an especial man throughout the country, and every place of portance has been emulous in imitating, as as possible, the manifestation of the metrop Printed and published by Richard Jones, - \- the "Mercury Office," High- street, West Maitland. 