THE WEST ADELAIDE ELECTION.— DECLARATION OF THE POLL. The Returning Officer appeared upon the hustings at 11 o'clock on Saturday morning, and at the same time Mr. Fisher arrived in a carriage and four, escorted bv a numerous nartv of his friends, nnd Dre ceded by the band playing ' See the conquering hero comes.' The crowd was as large as on the previous day, but appeared to consist almost entirely of the victorious party. The hustings were filled with ' blues,' not a single ' green' being present. The Returning Officer said that, having gone care fully throngh the voting papers and the books, it be came his duty to inform the electors of the correct Btate of the poll, viz. : — James Hurtle Fisher, Esq., 203 votes ; Edwaid Stephens, Esq., 144 votes ; leav iig a majority of 59 votes in favour of Mr. Fisher. ( Loud cheers.) It was his duty, therefore, a3 the lot had fallen upon that gentleman, to declare that he was duly returned by a majority of 59. (Loud and continued cheers.) He had no doubt Mr. Fisher would do his duty to then so far as lay in his power, and endeavour by all legitimate means to advance the interests of the district (Cheers.) He thanked them for the good order that had been preserved throughout the proceedings, and for the courtesy which had been manifested towards himself. With these remarks he would introduce Mr. Fisher, who was anxious to address them on the occasion. Mr. Fisher, who was most vociferously greeted, addressed the multitude as his ' friends,' and he had the honour to add his 'constituents,' for he had now the pride and the gratification of appearing before them as the duly elected Member for the district. (Loud cheers.) His return had afforded him a double gratification. In one sense the plea sure it gave him was personal to himself, for the honour now conferred upon him was beyond auy other he had yet received. It was the highest he had ever contemplated : it formed the climax of the whole, and would soften the latter years of his life. They could hardly be many, but so long as it should be the will of the Almighty to spare him, his best energies should be directed to the service of the colony. (Applause.) The result of the election was gratifying to him also from its having exhibited to the province at large such a triumph of common sense — a triumph not hastily gaiued, but the result of earnest and mature reflection. It was not only interesting to West Adelaide, but to all the colony. In this he agreed with Mr. Anthony Forster, one of the few persons who had spoken an evening or two ago, at a meeting called by the (io vernment Auctioneer. (A Uugh.) He hoped Mr. Forster's words would be engraven on their hearts, though he had apparently used them, as he admitted he was not an elector of the district, for uo other purpose than to excuse his interfering in a matter which did not concern him ; not, however, that it was in reality a meeting of VVest Adelaide electors, but merely a little conver sation between Mr. Neales and a friend or two of his. (Laughter.) But he agreed with Mr. Forster that ' the contest was one which would affect, to a great extent, the interests of the whole colony,' and he felt confident that the result would have its due effect upon the other districts, and that they would follow the njble and sensible example of VVest Adelaide. (Loud cheers.) It had put down that clique which had been leagued against the best interests of the colony, and which, under the specious pretext of pre serving liberty and freedom, was aiming only at their annihilation. Had not that League constantly at tempted to dictate to the various districts, and to tell them they should not elect any candidate whose opinions were not in conformity with its own ? Did the members who had been elected under the aus pices of the League profess to have any other quaifi cation for the office than their determined opposition to one particular measure? At present that par ticular question was set at rest, but, after the contest which had just terminated, there could be no doubt, should it ever be revived, as to what would be the result (' That's the very reason we have got you here.') He was not going to quarrel with his' in- visible adversary, especially as he did not now see even his ghost, nor so mucti as his shadow. He gave his opponents credit for endeavouring to support what they believed to be right — (' Teddy won't ') — but they would hardly believe how mean an action one of those liberal supporters of Mr. Stephens had perpetrated. And here he must remark that he thought Mr. Stephens had been most grossly de ceived and ill-treated by his Committee. He was deluded all along into the belief that he would have the support of the majority, and the deception was continued even after the publication of that famous and never- to-be-forgotten production, the letter of the lion, member for Light. To return to the subject he had- just quitted — about two minutes before the close of the poll, aud when ths result was inevitable, a protest was handed to the Returning Officer. True, it was pure unsophisticated nonsense ; still it ex hibited the lengths to which the clique would go to gain their purpos.s. Through the advice of Mr. Hicks, the solicitor, who had witnessed the signature, or perhaps through that of some one having more powerful influence over him, Mr. Kingston had been induced to put his name to that paper, which pro fessed to be a protest against the return — although by-the-by there had been no return at that tune. However, the paper was signed by an Irishman, so a blunder might hi passed over. (Much laughter.) The purport of the paper was, that the return was protested against on the ground that Mr. Laffer, the Deputy Returning Officer, had gaiued a bet of £10 by the result. Now here was a blunder which Mr. Hicks at least should have known better than to make, for Mr. Laffer was not the Deputy Returning Officer, but a mere poll-clerk. He would read them Mr. Laffer's statement on the subject : — ' About 9 o'clock last evening, I was at a neighbour's house and met Mr. Slatter. Conversing on the chance of the election, a challenge to bet ou the result arose between us. Mr. Slatter bet me £1.) that Mr. Stephens would be elected, which I accepted and the money was posted, lie offered to bet me another £10 on the same event which I declined. ' The understanding was that the bet should not be known, as it would prejudice our votes. No mention was maJo of its affecting the election, nor did I contemplate for a moment that it would. I felt there existed a perfectly honourable feeling between us. This p.m. Mr. Slatter voted for Mr. Stephens—/ have not voted. 'Friday.' 'JAS. LAFFER. (Loud groans, and cries of ' Shame.') They would observe that the proposal to bet was made by Mr. Slatter, aud his object wa3 now quite clear. Mr. Laffer said he felt that there existed a perfectly honourable feeling between them. What a mistaken notion he had of the principles of the party with whom he was dealing ! (' Quite a mistaken notion.') Then let them further observe that Mr. Slatter voted for Mr. Stephens, and Mr. Laffer did not vote for him (Mr. Fisher). There was an instance of purity of feeling ; there was a sample of what they might ex pect ; tfou j;h, indeed, they would not exp ct any thing in future from the members of the clique, for the Government Auctioneer had knocked them all down. (Laughter.) One of the leading men in the clique — the man who had always been so prominent, especially at Mount Barker — (a laugh)— and who, as report said, had once almost ventured to offer him self for West Adelaide— (much laughter) — one of the most eloquent, though he could not say elegant mouth-pieces of the League — had been guilty of the act he had described, but which it was not necessary for him to characterize. He (Mr. Fisher) had lost a vote, for they had heard that Mr. Laffer had given none, and Mr. Stephens had gained one. Mr. sutler's name stood in Mr. Stephens's minority as an honest vote, yet he had denounced Mr. Laffer, and had raised an objection to the return upon the ground of that very bet in which he had himself participated. Could there be anything more mon strous, more indecorous, or more strikingly exem plifying the feeling of tho party to which Mr. Slatter belonged ? He would not notice the various epithets that had been bestowed on him and his sup porters by their unsuccessful opponents. Poor fellows, might they rest in peace ! He hoped they would rest in peace ; but they could readily suppose how grieved they must be, after their former numerous successes, t - find nil their hopes for the future at once annihilated. He trusted the result of that elec tion would be a guide to other constituencies, not forgetting even the borough of Light. (Laughter.) Had not the great boasts and clap-traps of the clique been 'Independence of voters,' 'Purity of election,' ' Freedom,' ' Protection for the working classes ' ' Universal suffrage,' and ' Vote by ballot '? How i could any of those principles be sustained by the j offer made by their mouthpiece, Captain Bagot, to ! deposit Mr. Stephens in the borough of Li^nt aftei | his defeat in West Adelaide? Was it consistent? I Would the members of the clique be believed again when they came forward with their high standing professions ? He hoped the borough of Light woulc remember it whenever the colony should be deprive* of the valuable assistance of its proprietor, and tha some person would be found who could be freely elected, in place of a member so purely independent a-- to be able to offer his seat to another without eVen consulting his constituents, or representing to them the principles of the gentleman nominated by him self as his successor. He would say iio more about those who were so completely fallen as the leaguers, but would thank the Government Auctioneer for knocking them down so thoroughly, and disposing jf them at their utmost value. There was no reserve upon the occasion ; they were put up at their value, md no one could deny that they had been knocktd lown for as much as they were worth. He did not inticipate any future opposition to himself or to any -ne else from so weak a source. He thanked the ?lectors for the high honour they had conferred upon lim, and begged to assure them that his humble japacities would always be devoted to their interests. According to the reported remarks which that talented and high-minded individual, the Government Auctioneer, made to himself and a few others at the so-called meeting, he (Mr. Fisher) was wrong in biking off his hat when he addressed bis constituents. He (Mr. Fisher) flattered himself he knew something af gentlemanly demeanour, and he would leave it to them to say whether the Government Auctioneer possessed any such knowledge. Had not lie (Mr. Fisher) always identified himself with them? (' You have.') He had always been one of them, and, whenever they should think he ceased to be so, let them tell him of it, and they would see that he would not long trouble them with his services. (Loud applause.) He concluded by proposing three cheers for Mr. Alderman Sherwiu, for his impartial conduct a3 Returning Officer. vMr. Baker having seconded the motion, three cheers were heartily and most deservedly given irom two thousand stentorian throats. The Returning Officer said that, so long as he should be placed in the honourable and important position he occupied, he would endeavour, as he had done on the present occasion, to maintain his inte grity, and to act independently of any one. He trusted they would find in Jame3 Hurtle Fisher that which they expected in every sense of the word. This closed the official proceedings, which were immediately fallowed by THE CHAIRING. Mr. Fisher, on quitting the hustings, was handed to a chair placed upon a platform in a carriage drawn by four greys. Abave his head was raised a gigantic wreath of laurel. Sprigs of the same tri umphal shrub surmounted the blue favours worn by his supporters, were displayed upon the banners, and were intermingled with the trappings of the horses. In the carriage with the successful candidate were his proposer, seconder, and as many of the Com mittee as could find standing room. The others followed in two carriages similarly decorated. The band formed part of the procession, which was en livened by several blue flags, an 1 swelled by a large nnmber of horsemen. The line of march lay through King William street, then westward by Weyinouth- street and back by Currie-street ; then again into Hindley-street, p ist the hustings and into West-terrace, when the procession walked befoie the house of Dr. Murphy, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. John Baker, Esq., M.L.C., proposed three cheers for the Right Reverend Prelate, who had the respect of every class and every creed, as a good and truly liberal man. The call having been enthusiastically responded to, his Lordship came out to the carriage, shook hands with Mr. Fisher, and congratulated him on his election. The procession then returned along We3t -terrace, and proceeded by way of Morphett street to the Dean's house. As the carriages passed Trinity Chu.ch the newly- elected member was greeted by the lion. John Morphett, Speaker of the Legislative Council, who, with his lady, Mr. Fisher's daughter, and their little son, were in waiting for the purpose. Mr. McEllister, a Roman Catholic gentlemau, pro posed three cheers for the Very Reverend James Farrell, Dean of Adelaide, who, as the highest dignitary of the I'rotestaiu Church at present in the colony, had assisted in the election of Mr. Fislier. The Dean, who was standing at his outer gate, accompanied by Dr3. Wyatt and Mayo and Mr. Plaxman, congratulated Mr. Fisher on his success, and expressed the pleasure he felt iu the return of so old and valued a felbw-colouist. The horses' heads were then turned westward, it being determined not to pass the Bank of South Australia, lest any intentional insult might be sus pected towards its worthy manager. On the procession reaching Mr. Fisher's residence, he rose irom his chair and addressed a few words to the numerous assemblage, expressive of his determi nation to devote his best energies to the advancement of the colony and the city. He then alighted and bade his friends adieu, while the band raised the same triumphant strain which had greeted his descent from the hustings. 