MB. ANO MRS. NORTON. Tna Times contains a long lutter fromithe Hon. G. C. Norton, in> reply to Mrs. Norton's com- munication published in the same journal, with reference to the reoent trial in the County Court Ho eays, " it is true that tho agreement of 1848 to allow £500 a-yaar wai not condi- tional upon the rellnqulshmeot of an allowance from Lord M'lbourne s ettnte. It is not true that I ever said or suggested the contrary. It is true that after Lwd Melbourne's death, and whin I was informed of such an allowance, I required Mrs. Norton's solemn assurance that she had never received, and would not receive, an income from auch a source; that at one timo that solemn assurance ivas given ; that at another the bare suggestion that any snob benefaction from Lord Molbooroo had boon accepted was treated asan insult, and that, nevertheless upon obtaining access to her banker'« booka, I ascer- tained that sho bad actually received that allow- ance from Lord Melbourne's estate from 1.940. It is not true that I refined to perform the agreement of 1848 because it was made between mau and wife ; but it is true that tbo agrooment having been of a temporary and not of a perma- nent nature, and tho amount allowed under it being necessarily dependent upon the amounts of our respectivo income«, I did, In 1861, upon Mrs. Norton's Income being increased by £600 a year upon hor mother's death, while mino was from various cansas, diminished, pro- pose to reduoe tho -t?600 to .£300, whioh I waa afterwards williog to Increase to ¿¿400. It is i >truealiQthatdonntoMarch lastyaar(l852)siaco I when, from the year previous, the amount of tho allowance has been the subject of diiounion, I allowed to Mrs. Norton the undlmlniahed sum of £600 a year; thst,oonsequpntly, for several years she bas-and that 'even by her own ad- mission-been in the receipt of an Inoome of at least £1600 a-year, and always bas had on income far larger in proportion than mine ; and yet she has incessantly contracted debts with numerous honost creditors-very many'of whom are at this moment unpaid-and, inttoad of applying her abundant means to the payment of those debts, has driven the creditors to resort to me, oppressing me with litigation andáoste, and impairing my already crippled means, which should hare been applied to the mainte- nance of myself and my two sons, both of them jost entering life. It is true that In 1837 we contemplated a reunion. My own conduct, I admit, at that time was weak and vacillating in the extreme. I had loved her to madness for 3 or 4 years baforo I married har, aod aftar w* were united, sha bad all powor over m*. But all idea of re-union was abruptly broken off when oeitain tiding« reached me of her »jour in thn I«le of Wight. From that moment my _ honour was outraged, I end our reunion rendered impassible. Judge, than, of my surprise within the lan three i Foar yoars to receive hints from her as to oi living again togethor. * * When we fir ?operated, I iltndod my income-thoo only £800 or .£900 per annum, into threo portions. One L paid into Moura. Ransom's for her support, the second I alloled for the payment of our debts, and the third for tho three children and myself ; aod, after paying their axpensts. J bad apon la town, having to attend to my police court. Inl8S8, my cousin», Mr. Vaugnnn and his sister, fulfilled their deceased mother's wishes by leaving me their Yorkshire estates, and 1 immediately Incroased Mrs. Norton's allowance to .£400 per annum, exclusive of her I pension. She declined at first receiving it; she preferred furnishing houses and disposing of them, and leaving the tradesmen to bring their I actions m the superior court*. At least 30 suit« wore instituted against mo for debts of hor contracting. In two cases only wero the opinions of juries taken, and in both the verdicts wire for mo. But tho expenso of de- fending myself against such ruination was vorytf heavv, and I had to barrow, ¡f I recollect, .£6000 or .£6000 In Scotland and elsewhere to meet it. In 1851 my younger son's expenies a the then depressed state of agrioulturo, I learot | that Mrs. Norton bad been left £600 per al- by hor mother, from wham I wai not a that oh* bad any cxveotationa. I then proposed I to her a reduction of her allowance, wbiob she would not accede to, and after she had received hor mother's legacy and for some time enjoyed It, I did reduce it to £300 par annum, but which sha baa never accepted." As to tholr ohlldrcn, Mr. Norton says, that, fearing his wife's inten- tion to take them abroad, he aent them to his ?Utor'a, Lady Menzies, In Scotland, whence they were afterwards removed to Eton ; but Mrs. Norton, he declares, always had access to them. "The history of the action against Lord Melbourne," ho siys, was shortly this : " I had observed from the time of their close intimacy Mrs. Norton had token less iotareit in our then only child and ia myself. Oa one occasion I had seen her arm mund his neck, and when I remonstrated with her, she asid ' Wall and what if I had my Melly round the oeok-what waa it V I was joalous and men- tioned iho subject to Mrs. Sheridan, who quite lulled my suspicions by telling mo that be hid boen bcr father's friend, and other circom, stances ; aod on the morning of the 30th of March, 1836,1 had no suspicion whatever that their intimacy was anything moro than platooic On that morning Mrs. Norton left hor home, leavini; her letter bureau by accident opon, and 1 saw pilos of Lord Melbourne's letters lying in it, Sho never showed rae his letters, saying letters wore not meant for two; and, knowing her particularity about her letters, without looking at on% I locked the door of the room in which thoy wore,' and giving my servant Fitness the key, gave him the most positive Ordora that ao one should enter the room until Mrs. Norton returnad, in order that sho might see that they were untouched, and just as ihe had left them. I then took my children to the country, bat the next day was sur prised to reoeiro a letter from Fitness, to say that Mr Charles Sheridan, Mrs Norton's brother, bad oome at six o clock in the morning and asked for some papers out of the bureau for a publication Mrs Morton was then engaged on, and that ha had permitted him to toko them I carno to town Immediately, and found that the buroau bad been emptied of its contents I then for the first time suspected something wrong I aoarohed about, and found a amall wnting-doik in the room which had escaped observation I opened It and found the two or three letters of Lord Melbourne whtah were produced at tho trial, aod one or two letters and papers of a much more suspiolous character, written by a geotlaman at Eastbourne. $ir W Follet was a stranger to mo, but in my emergaooy I showed the documents found In the writing-desk to him By his direction in- quiries were Ant made respectingth? gentleman who had occasioned our Immediate quarrel, and who had boen seen with bor that morning, and then respecting ooo or two others, but no suffi- cient oridence waa found Then a negotiation for a separation was entered upon, and It was not for lorne weeks that the evidence of a man, who had boen in mr service some time previous, oame to my knowledge That evidence waa discarded at the trial, but olroumstances have ?inca como to my knowladgo which compel me to béneve that he waa the witness of truth " Mas Norton after passing several of the charges brought against har which she deems un worthy of notice repl os to the above - The charge I publicly bring ngalaat Mr Norton (who has brought io many against mo) 1« a far graver charge than any injustice lo pe- cuniary matters I complain that twico in my life he has endeavoured on a false pretence, to rob me of my reputation. 1^1838.1 had a qnariol with my Jmsbaad ^Onr cause of quarrel was whether 1 should or should not take my children to the bonis of my brother, who woola not receive;'my husband I persisted, My husband baffled mo by tendlog my childrent.to the woman who* ha« alnoo left him her property, Who IhroatoDçd to giro me Into the hands of the polioo wheo Ivvwont to claim them and I loft town alone, for, my,brother« oounlryytaat gnpb be}Dg our real Quarrel, X charge Mr Nor, ton with tíontriving tha^tlia whole world IOOUU. bollare (as thoy dlcLpelioro) that my mUçontluctj hJÜ brokep up ducjiome, that I was an unfalln ' fal wifp, andithet ray lover wasLordMelbonrne He brought an action against Lord Melbourne The witaeatet* for that «eilan ware proved on trial lo,fee jofr the (lowest «2d mos$ degraded, class.-Vthejibief.wnoeu waa a f drunken di» carded groom, who was*tien * ragseller in Mon-" moufb-street j vboth he and others were proved ' to have been tent down to Lord Grantle*'« place, and to have received *. weekly stipend from his agent while there. Tbo trial was brought in 1836; nevertheless no evidence was offered after tbo yosr 1833, the serrants living with ui after that time were not called; nothing waa beard but tho witnessing of the ragscllor and his companions, who admitted io court that they had received money. Ia *plte of all which strange advantages, and the foot tS« a woman is not allowed to defend herself in theso actions, the verdict went against Mr. Norton. In this present year of 1863 I have a quarrel'with my husband.' Our quarrel ii, whither I shall, or shall not, bo compelled to cede a portion of my mothor'a bequest. I refuse ; Mr. Norton insist«. I rashly oonnt on being certain to obtain a compulsory fulfilment of our agreement, whioh I Imagined to be bind ing I find myself, on my return to England, without funds to meet my English creditors. I stop one action against my husband at my own expense. I write to Mr. Norton's own solicitor, in tho forlorn hope that Mr. Norton is aotiug againit advice, r come Into ooart against my will, upon aubposna, compelled to appear to prove tho debt and agreement. Mr. Norton meeta me there. In person and by counsel, once departed slander, and lo contrive that tho whole world »hall believo (as they do believe) that Lord Melbourne was ague the subject of our quarrel; thal, lorne pledge, stipulation, or promiso was made and broken by me, and that that is Mr. Norton's excuse for his breach of oorenant. I rebut that imputation on oath, and by proved facts; and Mr. Norton publishes two columns of abuse of the dead and living, includ- ing coarse anecdotes of the mothor of his grown- up sons, whloh, ©von if true fwhlob they aro not,) be himself dales bp ok to the time wben wo had an " only child"-that Is, 20 yearaago. Shall (the verdict not once more be agxinst bim Î ' I was young when this slander was first raised; my children were Infants. I was one of a nume- rous and affeotionate family ; I had kind friends and a good cause. I struggled like a drowning person against disgrace, and reaohed the shore. Already these miserable affairs were bolffor Íotten bj the world ; and In |i jerary occupation, ivotion to my, son», and the firm friendship of those who kn«w,my real story, I thought to have «pent tbe futur* of « stormy pajt. Mr. Norton baa not permitted this. Once more he has dragged ae into shimefal publicity , but OD his own letter I will rest my justification, no> Mrs. Norton then proceeds to cootradiot the staloments mado by Mr. Norton in regard to their separation., She says - » I wa« a very young girl at sohool when Mr. ? Morton proposed for me. I was always mal- treated by bim from the earliest period of our marriage. I parted from him in 1833 and 183S, as my family oan witness, for viólenos such a« is brought before police court« ; and I returned lo him on his owp passionate entreaty- that I would not ' crush;' but ' forgive him,' and that be lied, wheo he mado »{sprayer' TVeturued"; j and five months after this letter wo were again , and doBnltely parted.' That parting was fol- lowed by the attempt publicly to disgrace me. After that public disgrace, ho did, as be adroit«, "'" "" t¡o him. But that is a-1 ~~*~~ would have tbo world beliero, hi« only ' Myhjubaud, I who protend« to have loved me so tenderly, »ntl | ting* attempt at reconciliation. who pretends to have lovod me thrown me off so completely, did neither the other. He maltreated me while with hire, and he has boen in almost constant correspond- ence with mo, and occasionally a visitor at my house down to the winter of thn year 1850. Would nay one believe that,,two years aftor our ' reunion was rendored impossible,' be wrote letter after letter, endeavouring to arrange for our living together again, and speaks of ' shield- ing me in a husband's arms ?'--that, at the time he alludes to,, he was endeavouring to resist my pétition to the Chancellor to rogaln possession of tay children?, that he then gave his solemn word of honour to Mr. Hardwick, a bro .her magistrate, that ho had not been raising a fresh soaadnl against me ! that be never ventured to defend my petition to the Chancellor ! that in his ¿flatter«, two years 'subsequently, he boga me, with coaxing expressions, to- oall in all ^copies of a pamphlet containing our strange correspundenco ; and, in one of these letters of 1842, speaka of himself as ' yonr Geordie, of former ana happier years V that not only then, bat in all the yeera since, I can pro- duce letters more or less friendly and affection- ate ; aikiog services, of me; thanking mo for serving him-;» announcing the marriage of his sister ; full of phrases of Jesting and affeotion ; many beginning ' Dear Carry,' and ' Doareat Carry ;' «axiom about me ; complimenting mo ; asking 'bow my travelling alone can boob viatod Î finally (for I weary over these instances of oapnee),in April, 1846, he begins:-'Your kind letter, written in the good old spirit, whloh should- naver have bean broken,'-aud on Christmas - day, 1846, exactly ton years and six months after tbo trial, and six years after my petition to tho Chancellor, he'bopes my health is 'crisp' like tho frost praises my brother-signs himself, ' Yours over' -and in another letter boga I will embrace tbe boya 'for absent mo, as well as for yourself V Is it possible to conoeive that ia tho face, of all this Mr, Norton can so depend on my not answering him as to venture to print such misstatement« î Is It possible he does not see that they leave him In this position-cither bo disbelieves these calumnies, which, nevertheless, he reiterates to my injury wheo it salts him; or, believing me to baa bad woman, ha wishes mo to return homo ! L It is, indead, difficult to choso which alternative «ball «ave hil honour !'< Mrs. Norton thoo proceeds to show that tbo agreement for an allowance of ¿£600 per annum had no reference whatever to any stipu- lation in regard to Lord Molboorne, and con " It is with pam I approach that portion of Mr Norton's letter in whioh he has ohosen to mako reference to our son ' I think my sons' names should havo been held sacred in this dreary quarrel, which began In their ahildhood, and which their manhood finds unreconciled My son Is not yot In England, nor waa he In England at the time Mr Norton states he had those com- munications with him I utterly deny that I ever made bim the channel of a falsehood to his fathor , and I deny that I evor laid or implied that it was ' an insult,' to be supposed to be aided by Lord Melbourne's family I did say, (and perhaps others will agree with me) that It wusthocoarsoatofinsnltawbenMr Norton talked of theso affairs to my son, that I refused to dis- cuss them with him, that I denied Mr. Norton s right to question mo-he having bound himself 'stringently' in. writing to my solicitor, never I moro to interfere in my affairs from the date of the agroament, and Mr Leman has a letter from me- writtoti, at that time, stating that I con. sent to Mr, Norton's proposals-* mainly because It Is intolerable to mo to have my son talk over matters with bli father " . . * Mrs, Norton produce« documentary evidence to show that, 'Mr. Norton's appointment by Lord Melbourne, was not as staled by him, in oonsiderationioC his former situation of, Com- missioner of Bankrupts baviog been abolished Sho «ay« - t> By Mr Norton s expiées wish and desire 1 wrote-at that time not only to Lord Melbourne, but to all those friends I thought might Mrvd us I wroto^to Lord Holland Lord Lansdowne^ the Dake of .Devonshire and oihers, to make Interoit with lord Brougham (then Lord Chan caller) to get Mr Norton a 'lagal'appolntmeoi. lids not appearing probable* we asked for a CommWoacrsnlp of Excise or Custom«, We did not «uooeed in this second request any more than tfcpJ"Qrat but when Mr Wyatt, a ppllco n)«£J«Jnt0 died, Lofd Wplbourne wzpte to.mVto offotOrtyVaoant magtatraoy On the ISlhoUprHUltól Lof d MolboüTDö wi^ote'me word tWUhS Chancellor Had Mut h^iccretary ICvJoqulr« ^oipeotiog this "matter, and had fíEnStedttJlle should p.pect Mr Notion io r9«JtP Jlfo^CómmUilonereliliJ ot BttltrupU .Lo^Mfbo^rn.Uddc'd TOTÜ not ao^|?ee able botsUÍlVoíto be expeaUd^andUpe^kp«, not unfair .nffioA re/brmfog timos, and I^ínérf . tioo it ^at^ ou .may W be, surprised *whbn ^*j6 rMoivo^a,lo^igenoe.^* Mr Norton mi di«-] appointed and^demurced; he desired to bold both appoloiWoTibi I .wrote TtgeJn to Lord Melbourne to átate this, and received iir reply the following note - < - " House of Lord«, Quarter past 6 "Take my advice, and make Norton write a Uno immediately to the Lord Chancellar, girtng up his commtsslonership What yon cannot keep it is always best to give up with a good grace - Your'* faithfully, . MBLBOOBNX ' The statement, thereforo, mado by Mr Norton, ia entirely fictitious; and, if I notice It, it is to ask what reliance can bo placed on all the other mil statements in which blind wrath, imperfect memory and titter irresolution havo Involved him * Mr Norton calls his published letter a'vindication,'a man of keener moral perception» would have felt, when ho wroto it, that he was not writiog hi« defence, but bunoon " Even on tho showing of hu oonfused letter our story stands thus-that, after bringing a divorce trial, io which he himself so little be Ho red, that he wooed me home ogam the next vear, he revivo« the slander which an English jury, the pledged word of the decoased and his own recall had refuted, with the bitterest expres- sions and false accusations, both against bis wife and his doad patron, that he hu dgne this in the course of defence to a common action for tlobt, the simple question being whether ho was or was dot bound to provide and «et opart for a body of tradesmen, tho sum of ,£687, the security for such «um being an agreement drawn out formally by a solicitor, at his own argent request, to pro- cure an arrangement he desired, signed by bis own hand and witnessed by two other persons, that he cannot assert that ho had any stipula tina whatever with me respecting Lord Mel bourne, my expectations from my mother, or my literary resource* (all three of which ho gave as his excuse), neither can he deoy that, as the agreement om braced the contingency of his becoming Lord Grantley, It was Intended to be permanent. I complain that the original itmplo question bos been cunningly lost and covered by I the overwhelming scandal of Mr Norton's fatso defence I resent, not his treachery about the broken agreement, but bli attempt to raise the laid ghost of a dead slander to shame me I resisted it with passionate despair, because, let a woman struggle as she w11!, fair fame U blottod and fair name lost, not by the (act, but the accu- sation, and I leel It more sow even than In 1836, because then my children were Infants, and it could not grieve them. Those who have commented on the exasperation with which I answered in court, would do well to remember that r stood there answering questions on oath, which had oo possible bearing on the case , well knowing those questions to be put with the ex press view and purpose of defaming me , know- ing the obaiges implied by those questions to be false, knowing (the most despairing knowledge of all) that Mr Norton knew they wera fade, even while he put them , and that Instead of boiog allowed to prove the debt and agreement, I was once more being insulted with tho echo of the trial of 1836, with as little just cause for the insult # . * "There will always be those to whom a ?lander is precious; and who can bear to bavo or true, so long aa there is or was a «tory against. her. But j us ter minds, who will pause and review the circumstances Mr. Norton himself baa published, will perhaps think the fate of that woman a hard one, whom neither the verdict of ajury, nor the solemn denial of a volo« from> the dead, nor toa petition of her husband for reconciliation and oblivion of the past, can clear from a oharge always and uUnrly untrue I did not deserve the scandal of '1836, and I do i not deserve the scandal of 1853. Lord Mcl boarn did not tempt me titea to break my wedded fuib ; and his name baa not now beep tho ground of a broken stipulation. On Mr. Norton's own letter I am content that people ahotld judge us both. Many friends have wisbga mo to pass over that letter in disdainful silence, as refuting itaelf; and perhaps, if I wereViappy enough to be obscure and unknown, that woola be my oourse. But I have apposition sepankte from my woman's destiny ; I am known as a writer ; and I will not permit that Mr. Norton's letter shall remain ou the journals of Great Britain »s the uncontredioted record of my actions. I will, as far as I am able, defend a name which, might bave been' favorably known, bul which my husband has rendered notorious*. The little world of my chance rondar« may say of me, after I am dead and gone, and my -struggle o.v,er<end forgotten ' The woman who wrote this book had on un- happy history ;' but they shall not say - ' The woman who wrote" this book waa a' proflígate and mercenary hypocrite.' , Since my one gift of writing (rives mo friends among strangers, I appeal to the opinion of strangers as well as that of friends. Since, in however bounded' and narrow a degree, there ii a chance that I may i be remembered after death, 1 will not have my whole life misrepresented. Let those women who have tbe true woman e lot, of being uo known ont of the circle of their bornes, thank God for that blessing, it is a blessing, but for mo publicity u no longer a matter of choice Defence ia possible to mo, not silence And I must remind thoio who thmk tho right of a husband so indefeasible that a wife ought rather to submit to tbe martydom of hBr reputation than bo justified at his expense that I hans refrained All I state now I might have stated at any time during the past unhappy years, and I never did publicly state it till now-now, when I find Mr Norton slandering tbo mother of his sons by coarse anocdoU», signed with his name and published by his authority, endeavour Ing thus to overwhelm me with infamy, for no offence but that of having rashly assorted a claim upon bira which waa found not to be valid In law, but only binding on him ' as a mon of honour ' 