The Streets of Sydney, WITH SOME ACCOUNT OF THE HOUSES THEREOF, AND THE PEOPLE WHO DWELL THEREIN. BY HOOKE. Y. WALKER, A very extensive Traveller. CHAPTER VI. A Perambulation in Park-street. A treatise on Rolls and Clappers, and the Licence of Auctioneers. A Model Landlord. Tavern Company. With a Grand Musical Finale played on the Galvanic Box. Park-street is peculiar. It is not very long or very wide; it is not distinguished from its family relations by a superabundance of noise or a superfluity of quiet; it has only its fair share of heat and dust in summer, and aqueous visitations in winter; still, however difficult to describe, there is a peculiarity about it which cannot fail to strike the attentive observer. Looking from its eastern to its western extremity the eye en- counters a dead wall which separates an ancient burial ground from the stream of life floating on; reminding passers-by (like the skeleton at the banquet) of the narrow line between the springi- ness of mortality and the frigidity of death. Its opposite end is an outlet to the green plains of Hyde Park, studded with bosky clumps, taste- fully arranged by the presiding deities of the Botanical gardens, and elaborately decorated with gravel walks, the golden ideas of the chief genius of the Supreme Court. Park-street revels in public-houses, and luxu- riates in auctioneering establishments; provi- dential gifts for which its inhabitants cannot be too thankful. Here indeed is choice for opposite tastes; one may get knocked up or knocked down as inclination prompts; and accept the pressing invitation, "Stay and have another glass" of the former, or flee from the temptation to mark the authoritative, "Can no longer dwell," of the latter. Throughout the day the air is heavy with the sound of bells, whose jingling notes are emblematical of the rivalry of their various masters. Mr Toole's tinklings are fiercely greeted by Mr Knockburn's tintinnabu- lations; the duet raises the ire of Mr Popland's little boy, who immediately rouses a peal upon a muffin bell, accompanied by divers pendulumic and pantomimic movements which would make his fortune in a sawdust arena. It may be, that Mr Toole at the time has only a few second-hand waistcoats and dry goods to dispose of, or that Mr Knockburn's stock for the day consists of rusty razors and damaged flat-irons, or that Mr Popland's generally full ground then exhibits a vacancy yawning to be filled with legless tables, backless chairs, and dismantled crockery; but what of that! It is necessary to keep up ap- pearances; the rival battle must be fought if it be only a sham; and, as in many other cases, the smaller the quantity of business done, the greater the noise made about it. Bells are, in fact, auctioneers' self-blown trumpets, without which their trade must languish and decay: a consummation too frightful to be contemplated by any well balanced mind. Some denizens of the street afflicted with premature deafness ascribe the disorder to this constant ringing in their ears--this continuous playing on their tympanums; but even were it so, they need only be reminded of the great political axiom--"A great good cannot be effected without a partial evil," to make them dumb about the bells. It has been reported that Mr Nibbletight, the great builder of Park-street, who runs up houses as fast as a monkey ascends a pole, was heard to exclaim, "Hang the bells," yet, as the expression was interpreted into an order to furnish his Row with those articles, it may be taken as complimentary, and not as conveying a wish to stop their tongues by suspension. Once upon a time I myself heard the venerable Mr Dickon Bubbs, the great nuisance-hunter, emit an anathematical ejaculation which sounded very much like "D--- the bells," but as he was at high words with two female green grocers touching a large quantity of decomposed vege- table matter strewn by their hands over the pathway, it may be fairly inferred that his ire was excited against those belles, particularly as their clappers were then going "nineteen to the dozen," to use a well-known phrase. Leaving this moot point to be settled by a duly qualified street jury, I will endeavour to give a slight sketch of Mr Knockburn in his profession- al capacity--it being promised that he has no end of goods to knock down, and a numerous audience to be led away by his oratory. Mr Knockburn ascends his rostrum with the air of an Alexander; he gracefully waves his dextral hand which clutches the hammer, and claims attention in a voice to which thunder is but a child's rattle. Having carefully scratched the favorite pimple on his nose, arranged his hair, pulled up his shirt collar, and glanced keenly round to study the countenances about him, he exclaims, "Silence that infernal tinkling till I explain the terms of sale." As these are com- prised in "the highest bidder to be the pur- chaser,'' and for "cash only," they call for little expenditure of time. He then proceeds, "Gen- tlemen, you know what you are about--no mis- take--no gammon--no humbug with me. All fair and square. I'd sooner wash my head in burning lava, or take a morning bath in a cald- ron of boiling lead, than forfeit one iota of my professional reputation. I inherited those prin- ciples from my lamented sire, the admirable Knockburn, and I intend to hand them down to my children." "Never know'd you had any," shouts a voice from the crowd. "I'd punch your head if I could pick you out," replies the auctioneer in dudgeon. "Yes, you would--over-----!" rejoins the mysterious stranger with most ironical emphasis. "Never mind him, Knockburn, go on with the sale; we want to get to bed afore twelve o'clock to-night," observe several business men in con- cert. Thus adjured, Knockburn pockets his wrath and resumes his original soft-sawder tone, "Lot 1. a flannel petticoat, in excellent condi- tion, the property of a lady going to India, where the heat of the climate does not require such articles of household furniture. What shall we say for the petticoat; quite perfect; tapes sound; and variegated with some burns from hot irons, which materially improve its elegant appearance! Give me a bid! Now, gentlemen, be smart; give the petticoat a lift. Twopence, thank you, two-and-a-half in two places. Three it is, thank you; three, gentlemen, is not enough for the petticoat-------" "There's a hole in it, Knockburn." "Of course, spoony, or how could the lady have got into it. Fourpence for the petti------- Five, thank you--going at five pence--going at five--the last time going at five--gone at five. Cash, Mr Whatsyourname?" "Foozle" "Thank you; I'll give you a penny change when I get it; coppers are scarce." Mr Foozle looks as if he wished he might get it, but evidently entertains a doubt upon the point. "Lot 2. Gentlemen, a small quantity of rope yarn. It is unnecessary for me to descant upon the value of this article of commerce at the pre- sent momentous occasion. When the Russian fleet is expected daily to enter your harbour, to batter down your splendid edifices, and play the very devil with your wives and families, not for- getting yourselves, you must see the necessity, the urgent, the imperative necessity of keeping the rigging of your fleet in good order. Re- member, gentlemen, for want of a nail the shoe was lost, for want of a shoe the horse was lost, &c.;, &c.;, and so for want of this piece of rope yarn your country may be lost." "Oh! cut that yarn, Knockburn, and spin another!" "If I do may I perish; it is sent here for sale; and sold it shall be if I buy it myself." "Put up something else with it." "Very good; anything to accommodate ex- tensive buyers; here's a shaving box belonging to a peer of the realm, my Lord Bounceigrow, with the identical piece of soap which was pre- sented to him at Windsor when he took leave of Her Majesty to start on his colonial tour; also a portrait of his favorite bull terrier, and a view of the wine cellars and butler's pantry of Govern- ment house, done by him in a most tasty manner; also a full length representation, framed in brass, of a common Councillor, elected by an alarming majority, addressing his constituents from a bal- cony in York- street. Now, gentlemen, what shall we say for this valuable lot--the councillor, the butler's pantry, the wine cellars, the bull dog, the soap and shaving box, and the rope yarn?" "Oh! hung 'em round your neck; the whole of them is no good," exclaims a shoeless and tattered cynic. "Move on, or I'll give you in charge. A man without money or marbles has no right to block up the place. Start the lot, gentlemen; one pound; thank you. Shilling! did you say one shilling? Dreadful depravity--what a mistake! Eighteenpence in three places; the shaving tackle is worth treble the money. One and six; one and nine. Shocking slow coaches. Two shil- lings for this elegant and useful lot, including a councillor in full speech. Two and three; going at two and three--no advance at two and three? You want a Constitutional Government--a limit- ed Monarchy would suit you best; you are not worth half- a-crown. Two and three; I can no longer dwell; two and three; yours, Mr Hawker; you'll make a fortune in the streets if you keep at this low game." "I shan't knock bread and cheese out of you, I reckon," growls the individual addressed as Hawker. "Not if I can help it. I say, this is only a rupee; fork out the legitimate coin of the realm," shouts Mr Knockburn irately. "You'll be roo-pee if you hollar so," replies Mr. Hawker, while performing the necessary bit of exchange. And thus Mr Knockburn proceeds through his lengthy miscellaneous catalogue, alternately bandying jokes with, and lecturing his custo- mers, until the last lot is disposed of; the warn- ing bell muffled, the shop shut up, and the daily account closed. It is needless to follow Mr Knockburn into his domicile, where, doubtless, he reposes triumphantly, like a warrior beneath his well earned laurels. I repeat that Park-street indulges in public hostelries, notwithstanding the annual preach- ments of Mr Alderman Whitechoker, and the tirades of Mr Turney General and Mr Brallagh- an. Their crusades against Alcohol and Malt are absolute failures, and the Licences to vend are left in the hands of obstinate Infidels. This state of things is a positive grievance to Mr Nibbletight who, perhaps, conceives that his private property is sacrificed morally to public house good. Not but that this gentleman is a real patriot and true philanthropist, for while most grasping landlords are raising rents five hundred per cent., he contents himself with a simple five upon the money expended in bricks and mortar. How happy must those mortals be Who claim of him a tenancy; If all their money's gone and spent He'll never stoop to raise the rent. Then laud ye tenants day and night The liberal hearted Nibbletight; His kindness shines with purest gloss-- In fact, he's Sydney's Man of Ross. There is a large scrambling public house call- ed "The Rovers," which I should imagine fur- nishes good entertainment for man and beast, as its interior is generally thronged with bipeds, and its exterior embellished with harnessed steeds, taking invigorating feeds from their nose- bags, whilst the masters indulge in brandy and water. This consideration for the quadrupeds cannot be sufficiently praised. A virtuous man being invariably kind to his beast, such conduct on the part of the Sydney cabmen clearly proves that they are brimful of proper spirit, and not ir- regular, unbleached, callous creatures, as their enemies are wont to call them. Indeed, Mr Dickon Bubbs has been heard to remark, that cabmen, as a class, are superior to bullock drivers, who are well known to be very worthy members of society, and the most polished adornments of bush hut drawing- rooms. I am not daring enough to dispute the opinion of Mr Bubbs, whose practical experience and observa- tion in such matters are not to be impeached with impunity. The model public is Mr Davill's Hotel. There every thing is neat, clean, compact, and commo- dious, to which, the jolly, good-tempered face of the landlord is a constant card of invite and welcome. He is a true son of the soil, and as fine a cut of a Boniface as one could meet in any number of days' march. His qualities attract a quantity of choice spirits, from whom the most obtuse may gather amusement and instruction. If a man wish to collect historical records of the colony, the doings of the whites, or the peculiari- ties of the blacks from the days of Cook to the times of Fitz Roy, he will there find the pages of an ample volume spread out before him. Is he inquisitive about London Life--there every in- quiry may be satisfied. Every highway and by- way, broad street, narrow lane, court, and alley of the great metropolis, east, west, north, and south, can be vividly brought before him for the mere asking. And of sporting events, the hotel is a complete calendar. The filly that won the Oaks; the "man wot lost the fight,'' and the tiny dog as killed the rats, can be raked up from memory at a moment's notice. The mysteries of put, all fours, cribbage, and knock'emdowns, are explained in the most satisfactory and scien- tific manner. Two learned professors of the last game, Mr Cornly and Mr Maurice, occasionally enter into a pleasant discussion upon its beauties. What a treat for amateurs to hear these gentle- men fight their knockemdowns battle over again! How pleasant to follow them throngh the mazes of dead wood, close frames, wide frames, double and single balls, dumpling balls and cheesy ones; broad skivers landed nicely between the shoulders of the front pin and right hand second, so as to carry eight pins, if not a floorer; long threes, back doubles, cross pins, and all the minutiæ of this classic entertainment! How de- lightful to some, yet how bewildering to me. I once asked Mr Maurice if he thought I could succeed in learning the game under his able tuition. "I never flatter, 'cos it is not in my nature," he replied. "A gentleman of your time of life, Mr Walker, might as well try to play knockem- downs as a flea to carry a bag of coals. Lambs- wool stockings and warm nightcaps would suit you a wonderful sight better. I mean no offence. Just look at me, sir. I weigh fifteen stone without an ounce of speefluous flesh, and always lived a reglar life; but I can't play half the game I did if you was to give me a thousand a year and set up the pins for me. Your frame a'nt a knock- emdown one, believe me." "I do believe you, Mr Maurice," was my un- hesitating answer. "Some people might think I was romancing, but what I'm going to tell you is real truth. I played a game with the East end Chucker (a most surprising man!) for five-and-twenty aside. We was at it four-and-twenty hours, and never took bite nor sup, barring some beef and beer, during the watch. We could have gone on for four-and-twenty hours more only I was just lucky enough to win it. The Chucker was a most wonderful chap. "I knowd him: a Shoreditch cove; they used to call him the Old Soldier; he was so precious cunning;" remarked Mr Tootsy, a gentleman of the Jewish persuasion, who was a listener to the conversation. "Pre-cisely; and not a bad name either; he was killed by a ball, sir," said Mr Maurice, ad- dressing me. "Shot!" I enquired. "Not to say shot, but witally wounded by a twelve pound skittle ball. It didn't go through his body, but it sewed him up. It's werry dan- gerous to cross the play," rejoined Mr Maurice. "It was a shocking event," I said. "Not half so shocking as an incident which occurred here last evening, sir," remarked an in- telligent looking personage, hitherto unnoticed by me. "Indeed!" "A fact, I assure you, sir. A curious young man clutched two handles which apparently be- longed to a juvenile barrel organ, and he could not remove them for the life of him," replied my informant in a serious tone. "And how was he relieved from so distressing a dilemma?" "By medical advice and powerful agents. The Archimedean screw and lever were brought to bear on him. His arms were nearly wrenched out of their sockets; and, singular to relate, when he recovered their use he put his hands into his pockets, sir." "Strange enough! What could be his rea- son for that?" "To pay for some champagne which the fa- cility recommended to reanimate and restore him to his proper senses." "Champagne occasionally produces a different effect," I remarked with a smile. "Unquestionably; but in such a dangerous pass, stimulants were deemed absolutely neces- sary. The instrument is in the next room if you would like to inspect it. It is perfectly inno- cuous now, and may be handled with safety." Being much inclined to examine this startling piece of mechanism, I followed my informant into the adjoining apartment. The instrument in question was a small square box with a quan- tity of machinery, the use of which was utterly unknown to me. In the centre rose a structure resembling a meat jack, from which protruded crooked wires, which were inserted into the two handles before spoken of. "That's the animal; quiet enough, you ob- serve; not the slightest danger to be antici- pated," observed the intelligent gentleman, as he grasped the handles. "Try it yourself, sir, if you are sceptical." The thing appeared so harmless that I was in- duced to venture my hands upon it, although I must confess to a slight misgiving, having heard many tales of the miraculous effects produced upon the human frame by chemical means. The Borgia's spring key rose before my imagination, and I almost felt the sharp poisoned steel enter- ing my palms as I pressed these mysterious con- ductors. "As I told you, sir, not the slightest sensa- tion; the instrument is as dead as "the Harp which hangs in Tara's hall's," continued the in- telligent gentleman, who smelt uncommonly like a surgeon. "Is it really a musical box?" I enquired. "Certainly, and did discourse excellent music, but at present it is shockingly out of tune. Are you partial to music? Of course you are. Press a little harder, perhaps you will wake it into melody." The intelligent gentleman moved a something which resembled the hand of a clock over a good imitation of a dial plate, when, oh! horror of horrors! the muscles and veins in my body quivered, shook, distended, jarred, fizzed, crack- ed, and appeared as if they were drawn out by wild horses. A thousand railway trains rattled through me, and broad-wheel waggons innumer- able were crushing me to powder. I strove in vain to disengage my hands from the infernal machine--they stuck as fast as the "Amen" in Macbeth's throat. "The screw--the lever--the d--- it (I sel- dom swear, but it was positively forced from me!) the anything to relieve me from this tor- ture, I exclaimed; while my countenance, I fear, was excruciatingly distorted. "This is a very serious case. Who could have thought it?" said the intelligent gentleman, throwing a peculiar glance upon the observers. "Who could have imagined the musical attrac- tion of this stranger?" "Do something beyond speculation to relieve me from the torture," I cried from amidst a my- riad of increasing agonies. "Ha! I have it! I have it! Eureka! The true to kalon--the elixir vitæ. Champagne! Champagne! Half-a-dozen! Quick, Mr Davill. He must--he shall be saved at any cost," shout- ed the intelligent gentleman in a maniacal voice. In came the champagne; out popped the corks; round went the bumper glasses to the company. At length my turn came; the spark- ling beverage was lifted to my mouth; I quaffed it to the last drop; when, lo! as if by magic, my arms fell gently to my side, and I exchanged a demoniac Tartarus for a perfect Elysium. Gentle thrills ran through my frame; I felt buoyant as air; my joints were supple as an antelope's, and the rheumatic pains of years de- parted like ghosts at cockcrow. "Seraphic sounds! Electrifying chords!" said the intelligent gentleman, archly. "Worth half-a-dozen of Champagne, sir, eh!" "I am eternally obliged to you! For such tunes I most willingly pay the piper." I suited the action to the word, and left Mr Davill's Hotel, declaring solemnly that should bodily afflictions return I would renew an ac- quaintance with the intelligent gentleman, and the wiry chords of his Galvanic box. Enough for the present; but I may return to Park-street at some future time. (To be continued.) 