! THE TUIiOX. (From our own Correspondent.) In (lieso timos of political collusion, und pnr tiznnship, tending to destroy mutt's inlieren liberty, und tho external progression towards th improvement of vast numbers in this colony, an to siiake tho eontideuco of nearly nil, in thos who ex pow abuses mid pernicious tendencies wit a view towards thotr redress and discontinuance in short, when co much deception lins been and i being practised, in high pinces and in low, ns t preclude almost tho possibility in publia oninioi of any mau working from 'motives which th iilfcetion and desire for tho weal of his fellows in spiro but fur sonia species of uggimidisoinont o lucre-it is perhaps incumbent upon the Turoi oorrespjiident cf the Empire to state, that wilie! ho lias written hus been dono without favour, fee lear, or ulleution ; nnd whntevcr ho mny in futur write, ns longos oircunistunccs will permit him shall and must bo continued in tho sumo spirit mid on tho samo principle. And ns to what I am ? I am a digger, and i digger only, ever since I first trod on diggltij ground. And I linvo tho happiness to sny tlmt have won many friends und well-wishers withou milking a Bingle foe, mid I feel ns much in'eros in tho common prospciity of tho mines as mos minors cnn feel. And us regards my politics, i politics so humble un individual may be said i poFscss, they aro liberal conservatism. I have been culled into these remarks for twi reason?, first, b?ciiuso Maxwell, tho delegate since lils arrival hos been clattering about a para graph I wrote, in ono of my reports cautioning tho Sydney pooplc how they received dolegatos And, hud I to writu tho article again, I sliouli certainly wo the samo words which that para' graph contains ; at tho same time it was not in fonded to have tho slightest reference to Mr Muswell or to Mr. Grcom, for I think they an both well enough acquainted with tho diggings and otherwise qualiliod, to givo good sonni! opinions on tho subject. But these two person: woro certainly not thoso whoso friends applied tc mo for a "trifle'' to enable them to ut tend thc Sydney meeting. And in a community ¡ike ours, requiring our causo and respectability- to bo re- presented before thousands, judgement at least was necessary ia a selection of men for so im- portant a trust-for certain folk once on horse- back oro prone to ride too far. However, th« tiling turtled out very well, mid I believe tba« aro fow who can object to Mr. Maxwell's rcpre sontatiou of us. For myself, I shall hovor at- tempt to divido the house against itself, hut lny my shoulder to tho wheel, alike with tho liuniblcsl or tho highest, to advance a good cause or to crush a lind one. My second reason is, becnuso there lived a man (on tho 10th insta ntl, in Cumdebarn, " Ono of tho olden limo," whoso notions somewhat differ from . mine nnd diggers generally, and my friend Gumtrco's in particular. My attention of tho gold flolds and its working for 1*9 months, enables mo perhaps, to tako as oleara view of tho stats of things, ns Cumdebnra, or any one else, and to adopt for the medium of roy observations to tho public, the journal which I "conceive tho least binssed or tied to party, and although in infancy, gives signs of futura usefulness', in wnys its senior contemporary don't enre to meddle with, hoing content to live on tho prestige of its name, and long may it enjoy its name and circulation, for in this world there is room enough for all and to sparc, and in Now South Wales for ten moro journa's, and any number of souls, with opinions from extreme Chartism to tho miserable notions of that poor toady of serldom, " A Lover of Order," who, in tho onward progress and tho montai develop- ment of our species, can soe but ghosts and goblins damned, such as bavo haunted every would-be tyrant, from tho days of Macbeth and Richard, down to tho New South Wales Gold Committee, in 1852. Doubtless, our "Lover of Order'' oujoyud, and would Uko again to seo the good old penal times, when tho "cat" and "chain," bowed, in meek obedience to his will. Who but a coward would rather carry a passport than a bludgeon or pistol, if needs wero to protect his immaculate self? Bobbers nnd desperadoes of various grados there will ba in every lund, but who in other countries can road ttio lotter of Cumdebnra, without imagining, that tho mundano rendezvous and tho nursery of tho infernal regions, lies some- where in our Western Gold Fields, and that a journal in Sydney (which most persons who keep paco with the ago amongst us, consider to havo adopted " tho golden mean") is their textbook. I maintain thcro aro fewer robberies mid ovcry description of violenco here, than perhaps in nay othor part of tho world ; how long it might remain, if persons aro driven from the pursuits they linvo selected for a seaton, is another ques- tion ; no doubt, tho magazine of cri mo is in tho bosoms of lnuny, and icquircs but tho uiatoh of oppioision to cxplodo it. ' Howover, this I can vouch, that myself nnd many moro linvo bcou months without n pistol, gun, or dog, and havo Unveiled far and wfdo over theso gold lields, with out molestation, or having soen molestation glvou. If a m nu haB an ugly face, a bad name, be insolent or drunk, ho might possibly at timos faro tho worse, und ono or tho whola of theso traits, poor Cumdebnra tno-t unfortunately pos- sesses, to uri ko him so timid, " Bobberies, mur- ders 1"-"skulls mid inarrow-bones I"-" Sydney in II atnto of Biegol"-"nu embargo on nit ships!" What balderdash I Why, as Gumtree sensibly remarked, (homan must bo a "soft fool." Who IN to lay au embargo on ships? Diggers block ado tim harbour iu long-turns and oradles I Who ls going to lay siego to Sydney ? Every man to his own house, 1 Biippc.se. if somo day 20,000 diggers should declaro they will not poy moro limn n 1 Oí. license, mid the " glorious ilefondors of our liberties'' be s'-ut against thom, tho bul lio field will bo somo flat gully or range far from Sydney." And herc Uiimtreo laughed, ns though ho anticipated tho result ; mid said " ho should Uko lu eeo Cumdobara lhere," and till then lot him IÏCV Tho diggers' minds generally par.'ako of min- gled uncertainty mid expectation lu roferunco both to tho weather and tho Act. Ours ls Just at liretent a critical time-tho winter advancing iinil floods in perspective, and lolief of taxes in statu quo j mu tty purls ol' tho river, wheeo inlicit could bo done by collective puwor, cannot bo wirkod by Individual means; that is, if a whole or luilf ot' a bar wore nt work it would go easy for all, whereas a singlo party or two cannot subdito tho water, without nu cxpoiiso which ivoiild rut all tho pi oil ts. Of this number, is Pilferson's Point, Sheep Station Point, Golden, Erskine, mid Thomp.scn'K Burs, leaving Mundy, Maitland, uni Lucky l'oints, us tho utily poi tiona bf tho river whore work cati 'really bo said to bo carried on* Tho ronola for migration it agntn reviving ; and tho Colonial Secretary I» expected, to seo-"what ho »hall soo"-" désolation, desolate," compara- tively speaking to what for bat him and others it weald havo been. A party succeeded yesterday in getting down on Thompson's Bur, and got besides of lino gold an .onnoo or two, a nugget of 8 ozs. 2 dwts., a good omen far a future generation. Somo parties aro said to bo doing tolerably wollon the rangos at tho head of tho Oakey?, and also u few parties in tho Oakoys. Good Friday was observed in a manner credita- ble to a Christian community, mach less a com- munity of " lazy, dishonest, dissipated" digger?, who " havo destroyed tho moral advancement of the colony more than the introduction of all tho convicts in England would have done." Soo tho " Lover of Order's" letter, tho miserable, be- nighted, cowardly, slanderous Cumdebnra. Shou'd ho require my uddrcss give it to him. A visit from him would delight mc, and pienso beyond anything my esteemed friend, Gumtree 