REASONS. Fo* Subscribing to the Exclusive Teaching and Authority of the Holt Catholic 'Church, By John Athanasius Cookb, Esq., {Barribter-at-Law. ? ??- ' No. 1. ? At a mature 'period of dife (the .age of thirty ' 'six), 1- experienced the happiness -of hearing and atterwards attentively reading, -the. lectures deli vered by Dr. Wiseman, at St. Mary's, in Moor ?iields, on the doctrines and practices of the Catholic Church, and it was in a very early stage of the examination of these doctrines into which those 'lectures led me, that I became convinced of the ?gross misrepresentations concerning Catholic tenets which prevail among Protestants ; stach, for in stance, as that indulgences can be granted as licenses to excuse sins to be committed ; tnat abso.- ? ? lution for sins committed or to be committed, can 1 be purchased with money, that the angels and t -saints are worshipped with supreme or divine \ honour ; and that the images of Jesus Christ, the j Blessed Virgin, and the saints are adored by ] Catholics, as possessing an innate and divine ] ?power. ? I discovered that Dr. Wiseman's lectures i -embodied a clear, distinct, and complete refutation ] of these calumnies and a disclaimer of these ( absurdities ; and they proved that the Catholic ; Church never did so hold or teach ; but that on the contrary, what the Catholic Church teaches , -m these subjects, is, that no indulgence can be granted for any such purpose as is pretended by Protestants, and that even past sins are not par doned by an indulgence. I found by Catholic vcatechisms, ? that .before any person pan have the -benefit. of a. plenary indulgence (which is defined to be a remission of the temporal punishment due ? to sins, after those sins, as to the guilt and eter M al punishment, are forgiven by the sacrdment of penance) he must be in a state of grace, confess wild receive the holy communion, and perform the conditions required, for gaining the indulgence , whilst he is in the state of grace. I found that all the prayer-books in use among the laity st.ited the . conditions upon which such an indulgence is to be Ruined ; which conditions consist, in addition to those above mentioned, in prayer, alms, and other works of Christian charity. I then learnt, that in regard to the absolution pronounced in the sacrament of penance, what the Catholic ' Church ? . ' most clearly teaches is, that without, sincere repentance, * accompanied with a determination that. the sinner never again, by the help of. God's grace, to commit sin, (and which is so beautifully expressed in the Catholic act of contrition*) the ? absolution which the priest, as the minister of Gt5d, may pronounce upon a person presuming to -approach him in the tribunal of penance, without \ :such true, contrition and determination, so far from being of even the slightest advantage' to the .. pretended penitent, adds to his' guilt the terrible orime of sacrilege by his abuse of this sacrament, .'??land this, notwithstanding, he may have made the . fullest disclosure of his sins. Upon the next subject, namely, the alleged adoration by Catholics of the angels and saints, I ' ? found the Catholic belief to be fhat, in the invo cation of the angels and saints they are to be en treated to become suppliants on their behalf to Almighty God ; and I at once saw, that, this communion of saints must be felt by every^ Catho lic to be a most powerful incentive to clarity and .mutual affection among all who .profess and prac tice his creed. I saw this communion of saints, and this interchange of good offices, existing Among living Catholics in a most eminent degree.! I saw many pious Catholics, when about to en gage in a work which they desired Almighty God .to 'crown with success, or when desiring an in crease of grace and fortitude to enable them to bear patiently the crosses of this life, ? constantly request and have the prayers of their living bre thren. I saw that no distinction in worldly rank or fortune was a barrier to this interchange of brotherly charity. I 'felt this practice to be so heavenly in its nature, and so strictly in accord ance with the command of our divine Hedeemer, that we should love one another, as well -as so £onsoling of the mind of man, that I believed, and ever shall believe it, as 'proving its own divine origin. . I then considered the respect paid by Ca tholics to holy images. I discovered what the Catholic believes, through the teaching of his Church, is, that it is both lawful and edifying to look upon a crucifix, picture, or any other representation of Christ, his. blessed mother, and of saints, with respect and honour, always referring that respect and, honour ulti mately to Almighty God, and so to excite or in crease in the mind the inward feelings of love to wards God.' Thus, if the image or other repre sentation be of Jesus Christ— for instance, a. eracifix— the respect is paid on account of, and terminates in Him, whose sufferings for our sake are thereby represented ; and it appeals to the mind as an open book, which may be read and * The act of contrition here referred to is as ?f-rilows : 'Oh, my Gro'd ; for the sake of thy sove je.'ign goodness and infinite perfection, which I love above all things, I am exceedingly sorry, from the bottom of my heart, and am grieved for having oflknded by my sins, this thy infinite goodness; and I firmly resolve, by the assistance of thy-grace, never more to offend thee for the tune to come, and carefully to avoid all occasions of sin.? ' a regarded as well by the illiterate as the learned ; —such a representation bringing to' the mind the goodness and mercy of Almighty God towards man in this atoning sacrifice ; and if the image or representation be of the Blessed Virgin, the res pect of the beholder also terminates in God, who sanctified her by making her the tabernacle of the Holy Ghost— her, who bore the high dignity of Mother of God — her, who, in the annunciation of that dignity was by the angiel Gabriel addressed by the salutation—' Hail Mary ; full of Grace our lord is with thee! Blessed art tlwu amongst women /' — and who by her own holy lips decla red, that all generations should call her blessed. I found also, that the Catholic Church did not teach that the images or representations of Christ and his saints, contain in themselves any virtue 01' nower to fllf] -t.hnsp. xwhh ]zt-pn nv lnnlr unhn fliAm md I felt that, as we often sin, through the un-' awful use of sight, it .must be consoling to us to '. ;hink and to experience that, through a pious jse of the same sens-e, and by fixing our eyes on my image or representation of the sufferings and humility of Jesus Christ, or of the Blessed Virgin Mother of God, we .may, in one moment, raise in our minds these feelings of resignation, humi [ity, and charity, which may suppress a rasing sin or, if the sin be already committed, may lead us1 to an immediate act of contrition.f One consequence of these discoveries and the reflections which they produced, was that my attention was drawn to the state of Protestant society in this country, and indeed, in every other country in which Protestantism exists, and to the total, ana according to the protesting principle, the inevitable absence of any authority over Pro testants, to control or condemn those divisions which have always arisen, and must necessarily continue to arise, and increase, throughout every Protestant society. Upon my attention being thus; for the first time, seriously drawn to the subject,, and upon discovering the misrepresentations of Catholic prin ciples, to which I have referred, I felt it to be due not only to the security of my own eternal wel fare, but to the Catholic religion* which I found to have been so cruelly misrepresented, to prose cute an inquiry into the doctrines of the Catholic Church. I prayed to Almighty God for his guidance in this enquiry, and I formed a deter mination to embrace the Catholic religion, in the event of that guidance leading my mind to the conviction that it was the true one : for of this I felt satisfied, that as there is but one faith, ? there could but be one true Church or depositary of that faith. In the progress of this enquiry (in .which I conferred with several- clergymen) and' in contras ting the articles and state of the religion' in which I had been educated, and the hideous misrepre tations of Catholic doctrines by Protestants with the true principles of the Catholic Church, and the spirit and practice of unity therein, I soon perceived, in a light in which £ had never before observed them, the many conflicting sects exis finn- omnniT Vnrkf nefrmte tlinaa eon+E pmifcirmsillv increasing and subdividing, and each of 'them - entertaining doctrines of the most opposite cha racters, and expressing towards the others feel ings of the bitterest hostility, although they all laid claims to the name of Protestant, and all rested, or professed t»: rest,' their respective and opposing systems upon the sole authority of the Holy Scriptures. I saw these sects commen cing in this country, with the ' Church of Eng land,' having its modern thirty-nine articles, which some of its greatest and titled supporters and ministers did not' scruple to call articles, of *' the peace' as contradistinguished from articles t It cannot be doubted that Almighty God has in many instances been pleased to manifest ' his power, and work his miracles; through the instru mentality of the relics of bis saints and inanimate things. This is attested by an authority, to which even Protestants, acting upon their own principles, must bow, namely, the Holy Scriptures. The fol lowing instances' will suffice to show this :— The instrumentality of the rod of Moses in working m.racles (Exodus vii). The miraculous etiectjs of applying the mantle of Elias, alter he- was taken up into'heaven (2 Kings ii, 14). The restoration of life to a dead body on its touching the bones of Eliseus (2 Kings xiii, 21). The miraculous cure of a woman who only touched the hem of our Lord's garment (Matt, in 21). The miraculous power imparted to the shadow of St. Peter. ( Acts v, 15). The miracles effected by the nap-, kins and -hand kerchiefs that liad only touched the body of St. Paul, in casting out devils, and curing diseases (Acts xix, 22].. Now, what ;cuudid Pro testant can venture to assert that an Eternal God ? _. ? n.. «,w,,rt*»r..l miint% tie wliwn t.h*» friip'nrlpM la not CQUaliy uuwciuu iww *?« '***'' «»*— ....*%?«??*,... recorded in the Holy Scriptures were performed, or that the relics of his favoured servants may not be treated with the respect which Catholics pay to them, even it he will not admit with Luther, what every Catholic believes, and what even Lutlier himself admitted, namely; a continued manifes tation of Goq's word, truth, and power, in the same manner-. It i« not immaterial on this sub ject to observe that Luther, who is continually claimed by the Church of England as one ot its lathers, admits the continuance of miracles to his duv His words on this subject are -— ' A quo didi'cimus, et accepimus, ut jeternum Torbum et veritatem Dei hactenus mille quingentjs annis mlraculis et signis condeiaaaus confinnatuni;'— Lvthe*, torn vii, Ds Judas is et eo'um mendaetw. of faith,!' an4 thence progressing, until they: arrived at Socinianism. I also observed, that even among the members of the Church of Erig land, how very few took the trouble of consider ing, or even of reading, its thirty-nine articles, or understood the doctrines of the Catholic Church, to which the exceptive and dissenting name of ?'Protestant' was applied; a duty' most unques tionably incumbent on those who separate them selves, or who may be educated in a separated state, from the ancient Church, especially when their own Church disclaims infallibility in , teaching. I also remarked how many, even among my own acquaintance, without any scruple repudiated the Athan'asian-Creed, of which even the eight article of the Church of England pro- ? .fesses to enforce the belief, I witnessed how often the recital of this creed was omitted in the churches of the Establishment, on those days which were appointed for its recital ; how, also many in a congregation have, on the occasion of its being publicly read, closed their books, or in some marked manner, evinced their dissent from it, and notwithstanding this, asserted themselves and were allowed by their clergy, to be members of the Church of England, as by law established, and supporters of its political power. And this is not the only instance in which the clergy and laity of the Church of England evince their dissent from what their prayer book prescribes. I will take the practice of fasting as one instance. In the Church of England prayer-book, days are noted to be observed, as days of fasting and ab-. stinence. Now, it isevident that Protestants of the Unurcli ot Jkngland do not last, except in some instances, on Good Friday, when they abstain from flesh meat ; and that, notwithstanding the table of fasting days, the days of abstinence, to be found in their prayer-book, they condemn fasting as a superstitious practice : and even the' clergy of the Establishment eat flesh meat on Fridays, and most other days noted in their own table, as days of fasting and abstinence. The next instance in which Protestants both clergy and laity reject their own prayer book (and I refer to these things to show how the Protestan-r tism of the ' Church of England' is 'consistent with nothing but inconsistency) is in the form of the Visitation of the Sick, and the auricular Con fession therein pointed out and prescribed. If there is one subject on which a Catholic is attacked by . Protestants more than another, and wherein his feelings are shocked by the flippant manner in which it is treated by them, it is that of auri cular confession. I have often conversed with Protestants on other doctrines of the Catholic Church, and have almost invariably found, that when their argu ments have been exhausted and answered on one subject of Catholic doctrine and faith, they endea vour to attack this, to a Catholic, most holy and comfortable duty of auricular, confession ; but it is 'surprising to find how very few of the Protestants are aware of the passage in their own prayer-book to which I refer : it is found in their service for the Visitation of the Sick, and is as follows : — ['? Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he shall feel his conscience troubled with/ any weighty matter. M'tM' which confession, the Priest shall absolve him (if he humbly and -hear-cily desire it), after this sort ' Our Lord Jesus Christ,- who hath left power to his Church to absolve all .sinners who truly repent and believe in him,.of his great mercy forgive'thee thine offences :. and by his authority, committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen'') In practice, this confession is not made among Protestants ; or if there be any isolated instances of its being made, it is not considered generallyin the nature of. even a 'confidential communica tion ;' — so that if a sick 'man should confess a sin to the Establishment, and afterwards recover, this consequence would ensue— that there is no duty of secrecy which precludes the clergyman from disclosing the crimes confessed to him, and bring ing the man before the tribunals of the country ; and that, contrary to the' boasted principle of the English law, that no man shall be compelled to criminate himself ; and if the clergyman happen to be a magistrate, he would actually labour under a special and sworn obligation to' disclose the matters confessed to him ; and then he might as a temporal judge, condemn the person, who had' confessed to him as a minister of. religion, to a $ See Boswell'8 Life of Dr. Johnson, vol. ii, page 89, and the reference in a note there to the expres sion of Dr. Simon Patrick (afterwards Protestant Bishop of Ely) edit. 1826. The note here referred to is as follows: — 'Dr. Simun Patrick (afterwards Bishop of Ely) thus expresses himself on this sub ject in a letter to the learned Dr. Mapletoi't, dated February 8th, 1752-3. CI always took the (39) articles to be only articles of communion ; and so Bishop. Bramhall (a Protestant) expressly maintains against the Bishop of Chalcedon ; ana I remember well that the (Protestant) Bishop Saunderson,, when the King tpharl.es the Second) was first res tored, received the subscription of an acquaintance ?of mine, which he declared was not to them as articles of 'faith' but ' peacjj.' I think you need make no scruple of the matter, because 'all that 1 know so understand the meaning of subscription, and upon other terms would not subscribe.' . T.he above was printed some yeaVs ago, in the liuropcSn Magasine, from the original, how iiiy the hand* of Mr. Mapleurt't, surgeon at Cherjsey, grandson to Dr. John Mapletoi't'.' ?'?-'.. .' .''??? ' ' '%-A-.. / ' ? punishment in respect of a crime which had been, 'disclosed to him upon his own earnest motion arid. entreaty. ft ow, 1 would entreat those whe con- -. sider this subject, to go along with me in se'eing - ? the absolute impiety and the trifling nature of this , prescribed confession in the Church of England,' even if it was made to exist in practice, and then ' contrast it with the Catholic doctrine and practice. Every Catholic is taught to feel that he cannolt ' worthily receive the holy communion, or gain thi benefit of an indulgence, if he be in a state of sin. or without a previous confession of his sins to the ?' minister of God ; and he is also taught, that he ? should be moved thereto by the love of, and fiWtti the horror arising from his having oifcnded God, and not merely from the dread of punishment, or the fear of approaching death ; but, in the Church of England, their auricular confession is not pre scribed until the man be sick, it may be with his memory impaired, his' general faculties deadened or deranged, and when he is morally and physi cally unable to form an act of contrition; anjl therefore, unable to comply with the ' moving' request of the minister. Is not this, I ask, a cruel mockery, if it be. not also an absolute impiety? The 'Church of' England either does or does not, believe in the efficacy of auricular confession; if she does not believe in its efficacy, I ask, why does the passage above quoted now stand in her prayer^ book, and who placed it, and why was it placed there ? and did those who placed it there believe as . the ministers and laity of the Church of England now believe and teach? but if the Church of England does believe in the efficacy of what it re* commends to be -done in its own prayer-book, why, in the name of truth, justice, and consist tency, is the auricular confession therein prescri bed, delayed to the hour of human infirmity, it may be of imbecility ? But I forbear, because as a Catholic, it is not for me to solicit the Church of England to reconcile contraditions ; but, 'iis a Catholic, it is my right to demand of at least that sect of Protestants who constitute what is ?'Called ' the Church as by law established,' not .Jto i.; rew vile the Catholic, who surrounded by the temp-''' tations of the world, in the spring, the summer, and the autumn, as- well as in the winter ?'of his life, in health, as well as in sickness,' resorts to the tribunal of penance, and there to the duly authorised minister of God, humbly, and with a determination not to sin again, confesses his past sins, and receives with a due disposition the holy absolution ' through the ministry of those to .whom our blessed Redeemer has declared, 'that . whosesoever sins they should remit should be ' remitted, and whosesoever sins thev should retain should be retained ?'g and who by ths particular 'confession made to him, knows what sins he is called upon to loose, and when it may be prudent, for a time at least, to delay absolution. Now, if the clergy of the ? Church of England^ instead of blinding thesa questions, were openly to declare their belief to be in accordance with everjr part of tBeir own prayer, book,. I am convinced that it would appear how very few in truth, of those who are classed as members of that Church would submit to such, teaching. Indeed if subscription or non-subscrip-r tion to the liturgy is to be considered as any criterion, of a person being or not being a member of a church,- it is fair to presume that the members of. the Church of England would, if exposed to this test, in numbers dwindle into a most insignificant ?? . sect; for I myself have never conversed with a, single Protestant, speaking on the subject of the auricular confession prescribed in their service forthe visitation of the sick, who did not, when it was: ? . . pointed out to- him, unhesitatingly declare hi* unqualified dissent from it. I felt the weight of these considerations, and I naturally asked myself this question : — Whether the- system of Protes tantism, a system thus evidently in its chief sect . so accommodating to the pride of human, and of . even individual reason, — a system which $'u« temporises with its own liturgy and articles— - could be the treasure*-hous£- of the religion of Jesus Christ, or could possess,, the authority of ' that united Church which our blessed Lord founded, and on which he so evidently conferred the characteristic . of infalibility in faith and doctrine, by his promise that the Holy Spirit . should abide in her to the gni of time ? and this led me to tho consideration of the following questions : — First, does the Bible, which Protes t;mts maintain as containing (clearly Jaid do'wn to 'the comprehension of till capacities) all. that is necessary to salvation, or to be known by Chris tians, really contain, so clearly laid down, and. independent of the bare assertion of Protestants themselves, prove itself to contain all that is necessary to be so known ? and secondly, should the' Bible bo submitted, as it is by the Protestant practice, to the individual examination and inter pretation of all Christians, without any regard to the measure of grace, faith, or intellect, of those to .whose interpretation it is so submitted ? ' § St. John, xx, 22, 23. St. Matt, xviii.,18. '- St. Luke, x, 16. (Io be continued.) : ' A Glasjrowegian who has recently returneu-irom ' the Dubliju Exhibition, in expressing his admiration *i-t'-tli6 many lovely women he saw there, expressed' h s firm belief that Paradise must hav/ib been situated neir Dublin — very likely iu the Phconix l*?.rk . tt'ortmuuelyhewasa Benedict. —Ntirthtirii shMuil. 