THE CATHEDRAL.^ It is, of course, impossible to. give any idea of tho simple and magnificently bold proportions of this great Christian temple-to those who have not seen it, or some similar building by which they can form a standard of- com- parison ; still less was its aspect, yes- terday capable of being rendered to strangers hy any word-painting. Even those who best know tho building, which, the genius of Wron hos ninda the architectural chef d'ouvre of London, could scarcely have recognised it without a little preparation as it thou appeared, A faint twinkling circlet of gas jets ran flicker- ing round by the base of the great dome, light- ing up the limbs nnd features of tho actors in the hugo subjects painted on tho concave walls above, and seeming to endue them with n doubtful life, in a Hue with the base of the dome, and stretch-' ing from capital to capital of the pilasters which in equal pnrtition mark out tho walls of nave and transept throughout the length and breadth of St. Paul'a, tho same simple but most effeotivo de- coration was called into use, and lighted the base of the scmicular roof with a line of bright fire. Sweeping round tho area covered by the dome, a grand circle of seats roso from the floor to the furthest available height in the rear, spreading fur into tho transept in receding rows, and coming abruptly to a spneo of not moro than four or Sro rows deep, where tho broad pillars at the end of the nave cut off its further extension. The floor of tho nave was covered with black baize or oloth, and at each sido was a long bench, extend- ing from tho cn tranco to the circular area under the dome, behind which, rcse, for tho space of thrco er four fcot, a - woodon partition, decorated at intervals of two or thrco feet, by cscocheons of the lato Duko, on black satin, with whitu borders. Behind this partition wore situated tho seats in- tended for tho military and naval officers present at the ceremony, placed tier above tier, sons lo command a viow of tho procession to tho area. Over tho western entrance and the sides of tho transept wera gallones, which wero very speedily filled by privileged tickot-holdcrs. Tho seats at each side of tho organ were also crowded, and tho wide ex- panse of henohes reserved for peeresses and their Wonda, which spread from tho organ loft almost to the floor of the area, were occupied by ladies, hiost of whom wera in deep mourning. lu tho centre of the area benoath the domo was placed a frame about eight feet high, by tho same length, nnd by a breadth of fivo feet, covered with black <'l'oth< and soma scats or hassocks wero arranged around it, of tho siimo colour with white bordera. Directly in the centro of tho Bouth sorai-circurnferenc'o of ¿ho area was fixed tho scat pf the Lord Chauoellor. Behind his Lordship's seat wer'o the phecs reserved for tho Iloitso of Lords. To their right, on tho south-east side of tho arco, were the places re- served for Hie generals aad other high officers of our service* Opposito to tho Lord Chancellor's chair was placed that of tho Speaker of tho Hoiwcof Commons, and behind it'were, tho scats reserved fer members of that honourable body. On tho left of the Commons sat tho corps diplo- matique. Ort tho right of tho'Commons wero tho corporation pf tho oity of London' and' thc other corporations which had sent representa- tives. On tho fight of the corporations was the deputation from tho University of Cambridge, i while directly opposito tb them; on. tue other i side, and on the left of tho Lords,-como the i deputation from tho UnWcrsity of. Oxford. It Was intended at first that tho four rows lu front o a each sida of the nave should bo" occupied by ;1 military >nd naval officers, but'. thV struggle to I get in ot the early part of'tho-morning ivas so great,- that thc,lines of red and blue were some- what brohea iri upon »nd diversified by black and white. At first the general impression , left by tho gcono «ns rather cold and unsatisfactory. The seats were not quite filled. The temporary popu- lation of the cathedral wns shifting and fitful, and some occasional sunbeams rather impaired tho effect of the gas illumination. Tho sur- passing interest of the occasion, however, soon overcame tho influence of nil such trivial draw- backs. As the eye gazed the picture was filling with every colour and with every touch of art. It grew from a mero black, gaunt skeleton framework of wdod and stone, and sombre faces and heads, lighted by serpentine gas jets, into a vast domo, with wide spreading arms and wings, with embraced within its grasp all that this great empire can produce of genius, science, and statesman- ship. From the time the doors wero opened-about 7 o'clock-the numbers continued to increase very rapidly^ and as the arrangements for setting down tho visitors, excellent and extensive as they were, did not meet their eagerness, many of them loft their carriages and walked to the cathedral. The early morning was dark, windy, and wet, but, with rare good fortune for such à time of the year, tho sightseers in the streets wore favoured witli fine weather, for it cleared up as tho day advanced, though n biting cold wind, which whistled down tho western entrance along thc novo, searching the very bones of the spectators,, reminded them forcibly and unceasingly that it wos an English autumn outside. Mnny put handkerchiefs over their heads, and nt last the cold became so intenso that most of the persons in tho back of tho nave were compelled to put on their hat", notwithstanding tho Bncred character of tho pince. The old generals, with true military punctuality, were among tho earliest arrivals, and the quarter of tho area appropriated to them was filled very speedily. The old admirals were equally exact, and every eye in the cathedral was soou directed to that quarter where orders, stars, ribands, and crosses, glittering on bright scarlet and blue, told of men who had served their country and had fought by tho side of tho great warrior whose remains were approaching their last homo. Sir C. Napier, with his caglo face, moving stiffly along from the effect of bis old wounds - his brother, Sir William, with a frame, if possible, still moro shattered by ball and perforated by bayonet,-Lord Gough, with his noble soldierlike bearing, Lord Seaton, Lord Combermere, Sir James M' Donnell, Sir A. Woodford, Sir W. Cot- ton, these, and many another gallant veterans, cnlled one's mind hack to tho days whon ; Welles- ley led his ill- provided lovics against the disci- plined battalions of the great Emperor, and taught a generaron of soldiers who oro yet among us tho way to conquer.' About 10 o'clock the Duo de Brabant and the Compte dc Flandres, sons of the King of the Belgians, entered the cathedral. They wore dressed in the uniform of their respective regi- ments, tho Guides nnd Lancers', mid wero at- tended by Colonel lo Comte do Moerkerke, Comte de Briey, and . Sir B. Cars wei I. Tho young Princes, who attracted a good deal of attention, took up their places in the left amphitheatre. Soon afterwards tho members of the IIouso of Commons bogan to mnke their appearance in de- tachments as boat after boat conveyed them to Paul's stuirs. Almost tho first who walked up the novo was Mr. Hume, accompanied by Sir J, Walmesley. At ll o'clock many hon. members had taken* their places, among whom wore Sir J. Graham, Sir C. Wood, Mr. Keogh, Mr. O'Klahcrty, Mr. Swift, and many others ; and meanwhile, as every minute passed, the moss of uniforms grew denser and brighter . to tho eye, as tho wearers; climbed np from thefloor of the nave and took their,' places in the front seats above, which wore filled in a line, not very much broken, three or four deep; from end to - end on both sides of tho passage, with tho bfficors of everv branch of the servi^. As tho sunlight shot obliquely ia through't^e windows, and cast its rays down through this amber-coloured blaze of the gas, it foll with'won- derful effect on the varied hues to bo seen in the body of the catheaVal. Here'were the generals all scarlet and gold, dotted/ with admirals in blue and white; there the diversified uniforms of the representatives of foreign Powers, wltero Count Walewski displayed the uniform of France, though "our old ally,'* Austria, was absent ; again the sable of Peers. and Commons, tho red and purple gowns of the corporations, tho block robes and white and red hoods of tho university deputations, and tho immense array of faces rising pile after pile, and diminishing into mero specks in tho dis 'taucc, bonoath tho arches of tho upper' galleries. At 11.35 the military bands outside the_ western entronco struck up a doad march, - which they played at intervals till the procession approached,, ond.the funeral bell tolled solemnly, fonding with the straina of the music in mournful unison. At 11.35, also, tho 83 Chelsea pensioners/having blaok wands in their hands, marohod into the nave in two lines, and, wheeling round; sat.down on the seats beneath the row of officers.-, Tho poor, follows seemed tired enough! and, with tho steadi- ness of old soldiers, who had seen too much of the world to be interested in anything, they scarcely looked at the splendid preparations around thom. They were followed by the men selected from every regiment in tho service which lind taken fiart in tho procession. In quick succession fol owed, in groups, tho various bodies assisting at the ceremonial from the Horse Guards to tho ca- thedral. Officers of tho army, of the navy, of various foreign services-tho great Ministers of of State, and the Judges, moved slowly onwards, filling up tho novo with a rioli - stream of colour on which tho eye rested without fatigue, whilo . every accession added to the interest of tho scono. The procession entered in tho ordor which had been observed throughout. As each flag and guidon was carried to tho area of tho place whereon tho coffin was to lio; it was planted in due order by the healer. Tho Commons, nobly headed by tho Sneaker, moved to their places ; among those present, in addition to those already named, wero-r-Mr. Disraeli, Sir J. Pakington, ' Mr. Borcsford, Mr. Christopher, Mr. Walpole, and about 300 other honournblo gentlemen. Next carno tho Lords, preceded by tho Lord Chancellor, in state. Among them wero-tho Earl of Derby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, tho Earl of Malmesbury, the Earl of Carlisle, tito Duke of Argyll, Earl St. Germans, tho Bishop of Oxford, the Bishop of Winchester, Lord Melville, thc Bishop of London, Lord Broughton, tho Duke of Newcastle, Lord Lyttulton, Lord Campbell, tho Earl of Cardigan, «So. ' Tho Ministers moved round mid took their places nt thc right hand sido of the arco in front of tho Lords.' Mr. Disraeli was scated between Mr. Christopher and Mr. Beresford. Then carno thc marshals and generals of Spain, Russia, Prussia, Portugal, tho Nether- lands, and Hanover, in their gorgeous uniforms, moving slowly onwards towards tho area, nmid the strains of sad music, till they formed iu two glittering columns around thc' resting- place of tho bier. At n quarter past 12 tho Bishop of London and tho Dean of St. Paul's, heading tho olergy nnd the choir, proceeded slowly up tho nave from tho organ to tho on trauco to receive tho remains of tho great Duko. Clothed in whito, with blaok bauds and sashes, the prooession, thus headed, moved in two streams of two and two through tho dignified nitd richly attired assemblage till they halted, nt tho door, whoro they drew up ia column four deep. A consideradlo delay took place in romoring tho cofhu from the funeral oar, which tended some what to impair tho effect of tho solemn ocremo nial. For nearly nu liour this untoward stop pago excited tho anxiety of tho spectators, who could not understand tho causo of it; but at length thero was a universal hush, and, ns if moved by ono mind, tho wholo of tho vast as suinblugo stood up in respectful grief as the collin rvliiah contained tho remains of tho great Duke op. penrod in sight, preceded hy the choir with mea sured tread us they'chanted tho beginning of tho burial service by Dr. Cruft. 'When the coffin wns boruo in, tho wind stirred tho feathers of tho Marshal's hat- placed upon the lld, and produced an indescribably sorrowful effect, In giving nn air of light and playful lifo'to that where all was dead.. . And thus,'wita tho'hoarse roar of the multitude without ns)' they saw thoir last'- of Arthur, Duko of Wellington, with tho grand and tonohiug- service of our Churoh sounding solemnly throiigh the'nrchcd d0»í and ofalci of the ii'oblo Churchr"wilb "tlic "glistening "eye und""liïrslioJ , D rea th of many a gallant nt well: as of many a gentle soul in that vast multitude-with tito bell tolling solemnly the knell of tbe departed, taken up by the voice of tho distant cannon, nmid the quiet waving of bannerol and flag, surrounded by all the greatness of the laud-with nil tho pomp and glories of heraldic achievement, c3cocheou and device,-his body was borne np St. I'aulv. At 40 minutes past 1, the coffin was slid olf the moveable carriage in which it had been conveyed up tlie nave to tho framo on the centre of tbearen under the dome, which, ns our readers have been informed, was placed almost directly over the tomb of Nelson, which lies in the crypt below. Tho marshal's hat and sword, of the deceased were removed from tho coffin, and in their place a ducal coronet, on a velvet cushion, was substi- tuted. Tho foreign Marshals and Generals stood at the head of the coffin ; nt the south side of it stood Hi« Royal Highness Prince Albert, with his baton of Field-Marshal in his hand, and attired in full uniform, standing a little in advance of a nu- merous staff of officers. At each side of the coffin were British Generals who had acted as pall-bearers. After the psalm and anthem, thu Dean read with great solemnity and impressive- ness, tho lesson, 1 Cor. xv. SO, which was fol- lowed by the iVwnc Dimittis, and a dirge, with the following words set to musio by Mr. Goss ; " And tho King said to all tho peoplo that wcro with him. ' Rend your clothes and gird you with sackcloth and mourn.' And tho King himself fol- lowed the bier. " And they buried him. And tho King lifted up his voico and wept at tho grave, and all the people wept. " And the King said unto his servants, « Know yo not that there is a Prince and a great man fallon this day in Israel V " And now came the roll of muffled drums, and the. wniling notes of the horn and cornet, nnd the coffin slowly sank into tho crypt amid thc awful strains of Handel's " Dead March." The ducal crown disappeared with its gorgeous support, and iu tho centro of the group of generals and nobles was left a dark chasm, into which every eye glanced sadly down, and nil knew indeed that a Prince and a great man had that day gone from Israel. Tho remaining portions of tho funeral service wero then performed. The congregation were requested to join in the responses to the Lord's Prayer ; and|the effect of many thousand voices in* deep emotion repeating tho words ofter thc full enunciation of tho Dean was in* tensely affecting. " His body is buriod in peaoo. " But his name liveth evermore." from Handel's funeral anthem, was then most effectively 'performed by tho choir. And then Garter King at Amis, standing over the vault, proclaimed thc titles and orders of tho deceased, " whom Heaven has pleased to take from us :" Arthur Wollesley, ho said, was tho Most High, Mighty, and Most Noblo Prince, Duko of Vfcl liugton, Marquis of Wellington, Marquis of Douro, Furl of Wellington, in Somer- set, Viscount Wellington, of Talavera .Baron Douro, of wellesley, Prince of Waterloo, in thc Netherlands, Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo, in Spain, Duko of Brunoy, in France, Duko of Vittoria, Marquis of Torres Yedras, Count of Vimiern, in Portugal, a Grandee ef tho First Class, in Spain, a Privy Councillor, Com- mander-in-Chief of tho British Army, Colonel of the Grenadier-Guards, Colonel of tho Rifle Brigade a Field-Marshal of Great Britain, a Marshal of Russia, a Marshal of Austria, n Marohal of Franco, a Marshal of Prussia, a . Marshal of Spain, a Marshal of Por- tugal, a Marshal of the Netherlands, a Knight of tho Garter, a Knight of tho Holy Ghost, a Knight of tho Golden Fleece, a Knight Grand Cross of the Oath, a Knight Grand Cross of Hanover, a Knight of the Black Eagle, a Knight of the Tower and Sword, a Knight of St. Fernando ; a Knight of. William of thc Low Countries, n Knight of Charles the III., a Knight of tho Sword of Sweden, a Knight of St. Andrew of Russia, a Knî'ïîtof tho Annunoindo of Sar- dinia, n Knight itt the Elephant of Denmark, a Knight of Maria Theresa, a Knight of St. Georgo of Russia, a Knight of the Crown of Ruo of Saxony, a Knight of Fidelity of Baden, a Knight of Maximilian Joseph of Ba- ] varia, a Knight of St. Alexander Newsky of Russia, a Knight of St. llermcnegilda of Spain, a Knight of thc Red Eagle of Brandenburg!!, a Knight of St. Januarius, a Knight of tho Golden Lion of Hesse Cassel, a Knight of tho Lion of Baden, a Knight of Merit of Wurtera burg, tho Lord High Constablo of England, tho Constable of the Tower, tho Constable of Dover ?Castlo, Wnrden of tho Cinque Ports, Chancellor of tho Cinque Ports,. Admiral of tho Cinque Ports, Lord-Lieutenant cf Hampshire, Lord Lieutenant of tho T2r^r ¡Í^ÍGls', üotiger of" St.' -Jamos s Park, Ranger of Hyde Park, Chancellor of the University of Oxford, Commissioner of the | Royal Militury College, Vice-President of tho Scottish Naval and Military Academy, tho Master j of the Trinity-house, a Governor bf King's Col- lege, a Doctor of Laws, ¿-c. Then the lato Duke's controller having broken in pieces his stuff of office in tho housohold handed it to tho Garter King at Arms, who cast tho fragments into tho vault. Tho choir and chorus sang tho hymn, " Sleepers, awake !" and tho Bishop of London, standing by the side ot the Lord Chancellor, pronounced the blessing, whioh concluded the ceremony. And thus was buried, with all slate and honour, tho great Duke of Wellington. 