THE WORLD ÂUUOAD. li (From Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper, August SJ.] fi The Emperor of Austria-Austria' young hopeful, according to the unerrq authority of Magus Aberdeen-is abeu to submit himself to the marriage manad Thc lady whom he has honoured b selecting for the partner of his glory t thc second daughter of the Duke i Bavaria. Once upon a time, the vwl: gave thc Empcfor to a Grand Duchess« Tîussia ; but the Emperor, for sufficif reasons of his own, was not of the world'i opinion, As Doctor Johnson said of tl» egg laid by the parrot, " nothing camed it." The Court-' Chronicler makes u report of - Elizabeth Amelia Eugenii'i beauty ; nevertheless, it is to bc hoped,! only for thc sake of thc future coin ti Atistria, that she has beauty : for as lit Emperor himself has taken tlte veij fullest privilege-allowed even lt Emperors-of ugliness, if the bridi' should also be ol' homely features, tin future hopes of Austria may bc of thtfii very plainest. I Throughout Belgium there lias been holiday in honour and admiration ol thc Dukuof Brabant's nuptials with an Austrian bride : who cannot do better foi herself and tho nation that adopts her, than to forget her Austrian blood, and become, in heart and soul, a simple, cordial Belgian matron. For ourselves, we look suspiciously upon all prest* from Austria ; even when in thc guise of youth and beauty and virgin innocente. Nevertheless, hope-as Coleridge says is a duty. An axiom to be especially re- membered by any young gentleman marrying into the House of Hapsburg. Tho Emperor and Empress of die French have travelled to Dieppe, where the sea breezes may freshen and invigorate after the fumes and smoko of firework Everybody unbends at thc sca-sii. Therefore, we are not snrprisd to learn that Louis Napoleon, fi« to face with the ocean, is lie Emperor of gootl fellows ; ¡1 potent* compounded of milk anti honey. hV shakes hands with the local authorites and in thc most affable manner reccing a deed of gift of the Hotcl-dc-Ville from the Municipal Council ; who, we doutt' not, in tin's season of loyal enthusiasm, would make over to his Majesty thc tail, of the new comet, were bc thought dis- posed to accept it. All Dieppe is de- scribed as bursting with enthusiasm at the possession of the royal visitors. Thc' Emperor is cheered and, moreover, il most buried under bouquets whercsocrer he appears,-thc while, it is said, thew lancholy ghost of Louis Philippe-carry ing a spectral umbrella-paces the shore, shaking its shadowy head at thc evanescence (especially in France) of human glory and human adulation. How Dieppe, floated upon its tutelary sea-bathing goddess, tie Duchess de Berri 1 And now htw il, shouts at, idolizes, Empress Eugenie! Were anything necessary to re-assure the Sultan, he would find the greatest strength and encouragement in the fad that the Queen of Spain has absolutely placed itt Abd-ul-Medjid's disposal 011c whole Spanish ofUcer, in the event of * rupture with Russia 1 Her majesty I« taken this womanly way of resenting thc ill manners of Nicholas, who, up to wc Ïresent time, has refused to recopy sabelln ns tho lawful . Queen of Sjam We incline to think that her Majesty might still further annoy and persécute] Nicholas of all the Rttssias. What if si« sent him the Queen Dowager, her motlier. The Pope has consented to modérât his claims upon the national conscience « Holland: lie, very condescending ls will not play tho spiritual despot, fortis sufficing reason that Holland will "(t assent to his tyranny. AMCRIOAN .' JuniES."-In America,all,!«»»1*J aro " ladies ;.. thu noblu word, " womau" » MT| heard. Wies Jiartlucau wishing to s» '"I tvotnoii-wurds iu a prison at '.tennessee-, w""T swored hy tho warden, " Wo have no lidia»'''! ut present modnm." A lecturer, dlscouriIi'S',| tho characteristics of women, illustrated iw " Who »ero the last at tho cross ? ladies. «" wcro tho Ural at tho sopulchro T Ladloe. ^ Sydney ..-Printed and PubUihed ht '*« proprietor, llEKitT PAMIBS, of {l''n,4'-'X tfewtpaptr Proprittor and JStbtMtr, a\ JCmpire " Office, in lhmtentutt afttm Tutíday, üecember 0, 18Ö3. 