To the Editor of the Banner. Collingwood, 19th Oct., 1853. Sir, —In an extract from the 'Times,' which appeared in your issue of the 14th inst., headed ‘British and Foreign Bible Society,’ the writer expresses himself as follows: ‘To the persevering efforts of the Society for the Diffusion of Gbrisliaa Knowledge; to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts; tho British and Foreign Bible Society; and the Church Missionary Society—we look, under God’s blessing, for Hm regeneration of mankind.’ With the fullest con fidence in the promises of God, the most earnest desire of their fulfilment, and a truly joyful antici pation of the promised reign of righteousness, and the demolition of the present dominion and active rule of evil, sin, and the devil, which, in their ful filment, shall be the blessed condition of this earth —(see Ps. xevi. 6, Isa. xi. 4, 6, Rev. xx. 1-3), and while fully appreciating the oral proclamation of the Gospel, and the wide-spreading circulation, of the Scriptures of truth containing that Gospel; and, therefore, thankful to the God of all grace, who, in his providence,, hath called such agcnciei as Bible, Missionary,- and other kindred societiw into operation:- yet, finding it declared in the Word of God, that the preaching of the Gospel ii to the nations a * witness,’ Mat. xxiv. 14; that all its saving efficiency depends on the sovereign pleasure of Him who hath mercy on whom bo will. Bom. ix. 15-18; it being effectual only to these whom the Lord our God shall call, Acts ii. 39, though it should ev cn be a Paul that planted, and an- A-pollos that watered, God alone gives the increase, 1 Cor. iii. 6, 7‘ I, therefore, can by no means agree with the sentiment of the writer of the above. Further, seeing it is God's declared design* in the present dispensation, ‘ to take from among the nations n people for himself, -Acts xv. M, compare Rev. v. 9—ll, vii. 9, I cannot hut demur to tho above, as it appears to me nu scriptural and fallacious. I much wish that sonw Yours, M. of the above sentiment won 1.1 il 0; ivitb o clear scriptural foundation for the by tliis writer, that ‘ the regcn ''t'fl of mankind will bo effected by the means fr ' ;! -totcil;’ for, I must confess, that I am of any part of Scripture,;fairly icbsl) which could ‘ .sustain the expressed of lids writer.' Those who hold the scatiuienf will, I'doubt not, admit that the • Jc~us Christ was fully competent to explain u nature of this present spiritual dispensation of [he kingdom of I heaven; this being for granted—let'us look for a little at Mat.' .V in which wo find the nature of this kingdom • t tlrth br onr Lord in itarables to the multitude; when askcil by las disciples why lie spoke to ; n parables, his reply was, * Because to you „i vcn (o know the mysteries of the kingdom of iirtveni but .to them it is not given:’ ‘Blessed arc r fVC 3 for they see, and your ears for they hear, ’ r . lie then, expounds the parable of the sower of secil. iThc seed he calls the Word, (he birds „n!ie sir which devoured, or took it away, .the jiifil, while the highway symbolized the hearts of ••v description of hearers, while stony, thorny, and •■ol eround represented the others. The stony bearers he compares to the fleshly excited, Z{,.3 wire never wrought on effectually of God the ■[dr Ghost, John xvi. The thorny .he compares • .brers of this w «rld, mammon worshippers, car ..j.clorr hunters, ever sacrificing to their own ; Mit Anti day. While the good ground is a heart , v arwl hy the ploughshare of the Law in the •la'j of the Spirit, for the reception of the. Gospel; ,ri the whole applies to the present, or Gospel ■:spsosation: ; and from it we learn, that of those .-nj tear the Gosjiel only one of four classes proved •, effectual to salvation. But God’s word never returns- to him void, but always accomplishes tlmt sheri-anlo he sends it, ]sa. Iv. 11, Ezek, xii, 25, xt. Look we then for a solution of this part of ilie'mystery of godliness, turn to 2 Cor. ii. 15, IG, 17,3, 4, xi. 18-15, where I find ample causes for :;•; bactTul effect. Tim parable of the tares of the field gives a ikailar result; the good seed are the children of tkkiiifctlom, the sower the Son of Man (Christ), the* tares flic children of the wicked one, the Devil ;?u sower: both are to grow together until the iciest, which is the end of this age or dispensa tion, when, we are informed, * The Son of Man i’:i!l send forth his angels, ami they shall gather ‘•it ofliis kingdom all things that offend, and them .hick do iniquity,' and sh'flll cast them into a 'irniceoTfire: there shall be wailing and gnash ag of iccth. 1 ' So, until the Son of Man. come, Ui;re will be no millenintri, or reign of righteqns :::ss, neither will mVinkin'd be regenerated. Tlie ;ar;.b!cs of the' mtjsljfrd 1 seed and leaven convey ihuilar inrorraation .as'tO results. • The birds of the i-r, wbiett the lord declares' to represent the Devil ‘v. 19), must surely have a corresponding cliarae :n (v. 32); .and cannot mean the righteous, who jv to shine in the kingdom of their Father (v. 48); wd in no- part of the Bible is leaven a represen u'.ldd of the righteous, but of the contrary, see Aa« iv. 4, 5, Mat. xii G, I Cor. v. G-8, ?), Mr. Editor, I think it is pretty plain, that io»v.-ad of mankind .being * regenerated ’by file mirumcnlalify. set forth by . this .scribe, during iis age or dispensation,.utter failure, issuing in "•la! apasiacy, marks the course‘of the prfoessing ikrvh throughout the course of its present posi nn in responsibility. ' Yet, let me not be inisun ir: (ooil, God will ‘by his own means ’ call his gople out of the courses of this wicked world, and ■as of the apostney, separating them to himself; sad, finally, will take them out of the judgment ■ducli is fast hastening on this guilty world, and 01 an aposlate profession.. (1 Cor. xv. 22, 28, u-H 1 Thes, iv. 13-18, 2 Tlies. 5. 5-10.) Ik- foundation of God standeth sure, having this •ftil; the Lord knoweth them that are His, and is ‘'■■iii able and willing to deliver the godly out of ''"ptation in the hour of trial, 2 Tinnil.. 19, 2 !<■' ii. 9, llev. iii, 10. Let then-the Lord's Tj.l Irr-Uj who are the rejected and-despised of this world, hold fast their-confidence (the fullness and '•< l acceptable sufficiency of our God and Saviour Lord Jesus Christ,, who loved us and gave him -■f for us), which • hath great* recompense of •■vsnl. Be patient, brethren,-.the coming of the wd draweth nigh. 