THE POLICE REGISTER. THE GREAT CHRISTMAS RIOTS.--Mr Henry Graves, John M'Carthy, and Michael, his son, stood severally charged; the two last with as- saulting divers policemen in the execution of their duty, and the former with having, in the company of six or seven hundred others, incited the M'Carthys aforesaid to perform the illegal deed against the representatives of her Majesty. Mr Martin was retained for the prosecution, and Mr Roberts for the two M'Carthys; Mr Graves, relying on the goodness of his cause, declined to avail himself of any professional assistance. The first witness called was Serjeant Swaynson, whose evidence went to show that he was on duty on Tuesday, and while coming up Pitt-street he met Michael and three others. Michael, in the very "heighth" of incivility, exclaimed, "You san- guiniferous trap, I'd like to knock the wind out of you. And suiting the action to the word he planted his dextral fin smack in the Serjeant's wind-basket. The latter considered that he had not a fair chance against the odds of four to one, and hastened to the watch-house for assistance. Having summoned two redoubtables, P. C. Shep- pard and P. C. Barrett, he followed Michael and his pals to the road intersecting the race-course, and on reaching them, incontinently collared Mike, whereupon the youthful Emeralder struck him, and Sheppard being close up received a blow from another of the quartette, which did him no inconsiderable damage, and decidedly flurried his milk of human kindness. At this time a great crowd had collected, by some of whom Swaynson was knocked down several times and kicked and struck severely. Michael was rescued from his grasp; but the gallant Serjeant was not to be deterred from doing his duty, and with some assistance rendered got his prisoner as far as Elizabeth-street, at which time old McCarthy's physical force came into play; he broke through the crowd and tumbled the Ser- jeant over, as though he had been nobody; another row and scuffle ensued in which truncheons on one side and fists on the other went to work with steam-engine power, and rail- road rapidity; but, as everything will have an end, the two Macs were lodged in the watch- house, and Mr Graves, having entered those strong precincts voluntarily, was placed in durance vile for having refused to give assistance when called upon, and, in fact, having aided in the rescue of the prisoners. The evidence of Police Constables Sheppard, Barrett, and Row, succeeded this, and they deposed, to certain cor- roborative facts, but the row, bustle, hitting, stopping, getting away, pulling, bawling, and spifflicating, were so excessively intricate that it was extremely difficult to ascertain the true state of affairs. Two things, however, were, clear, that Swaynson's lip was like a bulbous ex- crescence, and his body severely battered, whilst John's head presented unmistakeable marks of having encountered something harder than a pound of butter. A gentleman with an air mi- litaire, who handed in his name as Lieutenant David Hume Ross, of her Majesty's forces (whether of land or sea did not transpire) de- clared that he never saw a more horrid piece of business in the whole course of his life; Swayn- son was dreadfully abused, and he (Lieutenant Ross) upbraided him with using his baton so lightly, and adjured him to put a little extra steam on; advice which was carefully attended to, as old M'Carthy's cobra was fully prepared to show. The witness also declared that certain parties had pressed him to squash his evidence, an offer which he considered highly insulting to an officer in her majestys' service. Neither this witness nor Mr Ellard, who took his place in the box, saw the defendant Graves near the spot where the fracas took place; and it is somewhat singular, that the only person who spoke as to his inciting the mob was Serjeant Swaynson. At the conclusion of the case for the prosecution, Mr Allen and Captain Wyngate, the sitting magistrate, informed Mr Roberts they had made up their minds to send the case to a jury. That gentleman expressed his surprise at such a de- termination as he had several witnesses to call who would rebut much of the evidence for the prosecution which was very conflicting. Their Worships, however, having reiterated their in- tention of committing, the learned gentleman declined to waste the time of the Court by a useless appeal. The defendants were then com- mitted to take their trial at the next Central Criminal Court for a Riot. Bail was applied for and allowed, themselves in £50 each and two sureties in £25 each. A FOWL SHOT.--The Queen versus Henry White, for illegally discharging a pistol within the Hamlets, created a great sensation in Court when called on, and this was increased, when the defendant appeared with an Act of Council in his hand, and Mr Cory opposed him with the ex- tensive Hamlets in his head. The informer turned out to be a Mr M'Fadden, of Redfern, who distinctly proved the explosion. Mr White cross-examined the witness with remarkable. acuteness and, in fact, made Mr Cory's elaborate whiskers stand on end. Mr W. did not deny discharging the fatal tube, "but, your Worships," said he, "consider the cause. Certain fowls have annoyed me for the last five months, and walked into the affections of my china and crockery to an alarming extent. I gave them warning, but what was the use; the more I told them not to, the more they did, come. There- fore I considered myself justified in discharging a pistol, in other words a deminutive fowl-ing piece at one of them. The Act says without 'lawful cause'; I consider that was a lawful cause. Suppose, your Worships, I see a snake about to bite my children, or a mad-dog taking a snap at me, can it be illegal for me to snap a piece at one or the other? The Mayor--No; you would clearly be right in such cases; but shooting at a fowl is not quite analogous. However, as this is the first offence, and not by any means a grave one, the Bench will merely mulct you in one pound penalty and costs—— Mr Cory--Professional costs, I apprehend your worships? The Mayor (after a consultation with the other Magistrates)--Ye-e-es. One guinea, added to 5s. costs of Court. Mr Cory--Paid down at once, or defendant to give security under Sir John Jervis' Act? The Mayor--We have nothing to do with that. Call on the next case. VERY SCALY CONDUCT.--The next case hap- pened to involve the dignity of Mrs Mary Johnson, who formerly superintended the fish stall of Air Wilson, in the market, that lady having been most "ingrejously consulted" by Mrs Aulbrey, or Albury, who presides over a fruit stall in the same fashionable and shady arcade. When the word was given for the parties to appear, Mrs Johnson glided into the witness box like a sylph, in a white chip bonnet, with blue ribbons streaming in the gale, and Mrs Aulbrey rushed through the crowd to her proper situation, and looked round defiantly, as much as to say, "Well here I am, and what of it?" She was an elderly person, with a bronzed visage, and a bronzed drawn silk bonnet, ela- borately decorated with a profusion of floral imitations, which gave her head the appearance of it vast moving bouquet. "Is your name Mary Aulbrey?" asked the Inspector. "Not at all, its Rachel, born and chrisened so, and I'm not a going to deny it; Not I," returned the lady, with much tartness. This last named point being settled, Mrs Johnson declared that she was a resident of Clarence-street; and unfor- tunately Rachel was her next door neighbour. On the 19th instant she used dreadfully insulting language, calling her everything that was bad. In the first place she termed her a ——— old fishmonger's woman, and afterwards said she was the fancy woman of the portly personage who parades the markets and protects them; and futhermore Rachel was always calling out, "Fish ho," whenever she came near her. Mr Roberts (for the defendant)--What has fish to do with you? You are all flesh. Complainant--What has it to do with me? Why, everything if you please. Mr Roberts--Certainly, Mrs. Johnson; any- thing for your accommodation. But do you cry, "Fish, ho?" Complainant--No, I don't; but I were with Mr Wilson onst, and so I suppose that's the reason she casts them inflexions on me. Mr Roberts--Oh! rather scaly, I must confess. How do you account for her conduct towards you? Complainant--Because I wont make "hail fel- low well met" with her at the present time. Mr Roberts--I see-- "We were companions once, but now, The friendly tie is cut Complainant--I never had no dealings with her 'cept in the way of business; I've bought fruit at her stall; but she never took fish at our's. Yet she's always setting her boys and girls at me, with "Fish, ho! Fish, ho!" till it half drives me out of my senses. Mr Roberts—Did you never tell her you were as good as a costermonger's —— you know what, Mrs Johnson? Complainant—Oh! powerful gracious, how could I bemean myself by such language! No, sir, I'm a respectable woman, working hard for a living. Mr Roberts—Not in the fish line. The complainant called her sister, Mrs Sarah Cambridge, and Mrs Esther Dean to corroborate her statements; this they not only did, but made such fearful additions to the catalogue of the de- fendant's improprieties, that the Bench ordered her to enter into sureties to keep the peace for six months, her husband for her in £40, and two good sureties in £20 each. MAKING COCK-SURE, OR THE BANTAM'S CROW.--This pleasant little farce was enacted at the Police Office on Thursday, the principal characters being represented by Master William Kinsela, a long haired juvenile, and Mrs. Robin- son, the wife of Mr Michael Robinson, the well- known coachmaker, of Goulburn-street. The characters of judges were sustained by the Mayor and George Hill, Esq. Advocate for the defendant, Mr W. Roberts; witness for the pro- secution, Master Charles Pearson, aged 14 years, 5 weeks, 4 days, 3 hours, 2 minutes, 1 second. Witnesses for the defence, Benjamin Gurney, John Graham, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Act 1.--Enter Master William Kinsela into the box. (He speaks)--"I went into Mrs Robinson's yard to look after my cock which I lost, and there I spied him under the carriage wheels—Tchsk— tchsk—tchsk—said I, coaxingly, when out Mrs Robinson runs, and cries out, "that's my cock," and with that she caught up a pole and hits me bang over the shoulder with it, and nearly knocked me into a fit." The Advocate (solemnly)--Was it the early village cock which Richard the Third heard? was it the cock which warned Hamlet's Ghost? or was it your cock, Master William? I don't mean Shakspeare. Master William—It was my cock; Mr Robin- son said it was his cock, but I know better; it wasn't at all like his. The Advocate--And she struck you? Master William--Yes; struck me comical; ask Charley Pearson. Charley Pearson enters, and commences his tale—I went in with William to ax for the cock, when Mrs Robinson uses frettenwing langwage, and catches Charley over the back with a iron- bark stick and, my word, it was a rum-un; and furdermore, she swore she'd knock his brains out, if he touched the cock. The Advocate--You, judges, on the Bench, and very good judges you are, I'll prove to you the whole facts of the case; Master William, with the impertinence of a native youth, refused to leave Mrs Robinson's yard, and so he was put out as gently as a lad might be, and handled very tender-ly. I'll prove by witness one, two, three: Appear! Benjamin Gurney's ghost rises, his face en- veloped in black whiskers. She never struck him never, But told him to cut his stick; (That is his wood to sever), Or he'd clearly get a lick; But there he stood, undaunted, Like a hardy little rock; And vowed she should be haunted, Unless he got back his cock. John Graham's ghost echoes— She never struck him, never, &c.; Various other ghosts of witnesses prolong the echo. The Judges--One sings this tune; the next a different song; Both can't be right, so one is clearly wrong; Who right, who wrong, is not exactly certain; So we'll dismiss the case and drop the curtain. (The curtain drops accordingly.) A GREAT GOLD DISCOVERY.--Pat O'Brien, by the same token, a little old fashioned, under- sized Emeralder, was called upon by his coun- thryman Thomas M'Auley, a Clarence-street gardener, to show cause why he should not be deprived of his liberty for a considerable time for having violently assaulted him (Thomas), and forcibly abstracted fifteen sovereigns from his (Thomas') pocket, on Wednesday morning, about seven, in the Crispin Arms. The face and eyes of Thomas evinced decided signs of knuckular visitations, and his personal toggery was otherwise so seriously disarranged as to render him a very unpresentable personage at his Excellency's levee. His statement of how and when he fell in wid Pat was of the round- a-bout or excursionary order. Thomas argued in a circle, and after a good half hour's travelling, came back to his starting place. By the exercise of wonderful patience and discrimination, the Mayor discovered that Thomas met Pat and three friends in the Crispin Arms. Pat called him a rogue, saluted him with a spank on the cheek, by way of a Christmas box, and floored him. Whilst in this state of recumbency, Thomas felt some human digitals inserted into his inexpressables' pocket, and shortly afterwards he missed fifteen sovereigns, a portion of which he vowed he saw in the hand of Pat, whom he handed over to Police Serjeant M'Gee on that very account. Thomas furthermore stated that Pat subsequently offered to return him the fifteen golden impressions, together with his costs, if he would "settle the affair quietly." Under the advice of Mr Henry Green, his solicitor, he de- clined the offer, preferring to lose his money, rather than do injustice to his adopted counthry. The evidence of Thomas shook like calves-feet jelly under the pounding cross- examination of Mr Brenan. But the Bench being of opinion that a prima facie case was made out against Pat, committed him for trial, with the light bail of £40 and two £20 friends. Prima facie case or not, Thomas obtained a very prime face in the row. 