COLONIAL MANUFACTURES. A NATIVE LEADER. -(FIRST PRIZE.) IT was remarked by MIontesquieu or Ledru Rollin, Louis Blanc or Riche lieu, that la plumne a vaincu l'epee, and henceforth the fate of nations depended upon goose quills, or magnum bonums, that ink would be spilled and human blood saved, and conflicts of opinion be fought in columns, not of infantry, but of Long Primer, and lead, instead of being ramed in globular forms down musket bores, would be elongated and transferred to leading articles. Admir ing these noble sentiments, so true, so erudite-we cannot suppress our indig nation at the base, ignoble treatment to which the high minded inhabitants of Victoria-the inhabitants of the brightest gem appertaining to the British Crowns, are treated by a miserable, beggarly un derstrapper, pitchforked from Downing street, to rough-ride, gull and trample upon a people, with the most glorious prospects that ever-loomed on the human race. Shame upon a people that would sub mit. Maledictions and chill-blains upon him who could devise such insults, and taunt a people with empty mockery, and embecility, and commit crimes of the largest polysllabic grade-the least of which, not less than three syllables. could express. Shall we, the guiding spirit of a press, submit (we speak it modestly.) Never ! Perish the thought ! ' Better to 'be beasts. Better to be turned out to grass, on a run paying a depasturing license of £10 per annum, like a Colonial Nebu chadnezzer, than bow down before a cocked hat and feather, and, by silence, sanction a political degradation, enforced by a drunken President of a Church of England Temperance Association. Unlock the Lands! SYMIPTOMIS OF PROGREss.-(PrAIAnGRAPII STYLE-SECOND PRIZE.) If Mephistophiles, the great philoso-' pher, who founded the Baconic system of induction, and promulgated the Atomic Theory, were to set foot in Mel bourne, his disgust would be unmmiti gated. Alas! that eminent philanthropist is no niore. Biit the' Argus lives, arid we who are not prone to make the air of this colony resound with our praise, may and do boast, that but for our exer tions, humanity would be wrecked. The circulation of the Argus is now one million, and we feel obliged, therefore, to raise the price to new subscribers. This, on the ground of political economy, we are sure will be favourably received-; and as we advocate enterprise against speculation, we are too happy to show that the Argus practices the precepts it inculcates. We sympathise with new chums, and need not refer to our articles on Canvass Town, and the five shilling per week exaction of the imbe cile ghost of a government. Sixpence is but a small coin, and well earned, even if it were given only for consuming our own smoke; but when a paper is given into the bargain, it is dirt cheap. The mean, cavilling malevolence that would insinuate the unfairn6ss of charging a new chum double the sum paid by an old one, is easily traceable to the vindictive animosity of slavering sycophants and crawlers. who would leave the death-bed of a relative - to smile on a nominee, or bask in the sun shine of that miserable effigy, La Trobe. Faugh ! the name stinks in our nostrils. The conclusive reasoning of these com position, sand the popularity of their style was much admired The author was highly complimented, and presented with an elaborately folded crown, made of fools-cap, which was deemed by all present a delicate compliment, and the fabric of the testimonial most appro priate. MEisaE GOLD.-The particles found at this place have been subjected to the usual tests; and found not to be gold. Exaniiner * 