miscellaneous Extracts. ITALIAN- Tonis AS» ACSTIUAN Ori-tcKt!"». Thu Austrian ófhVcr in command of the garrison nt Perugia was lately irritated nt, a satire, the product of an unknown pen. which made its appearance on the walli of tiie town directing its iambics against the Imperial anny. Unable to discover the author, tho oflieer requested the Pnpnl governor to furnish him with a lis-t of all the poets of Perugia, a somewhat embarrassing commission to execute in a country where rhym- ing scours the natural language. However,'the magistinto, "after duo criticism, produced five individuals, whom he considered to havo drunk of the Hyperion springs sulhVietitly deeply to lie entitled poets. Tho Austrian had them nil stripped in the presenco of a medical oflieer, whom he ordered to examine them, and report npon the physical capacity of each for receiving : bl -ws with" a stick. Naturally belonging to a gmus ¿'rit-ibíte, and of excitable nervous con- formation, the unfortunate poets were set down by the surgeon nt a charitably low number of bii-tiuadues, and were still more gratified when j thc officer, instead of nctimlly carrying into exc . ration his "cutting up," an operation even moro I gallintr than that of hostile reviewer?, contented ! himself with addressing them in tho following terms:-" Gentlemen, you havo just heard thc number of stripes which the doctor considers each of you capable of supporting-they will assuredly be administered to you upon tlie re- appearance of any anonymous satire. You now know thc price of your verses. I wish you a very good morning."- Dni'ji AVn>», Ax IRIS« GHOST IN IÍAMLET.-Theatrical managers in provincial towns, are often obliged to make strange shifts to (ill up the departments. A well known strolling mtinngcr was some few years back carrying on operations in tho flourish- ing little town of-, Amongbistroiipe wai ii certain I-ll-, a mau of infinite worth and devil-nmy-cure-itiveness, who was tho life mid soul t.f tho company. Ile supported the I Irish line of business, und" being hiihsclf one, his brogue was natural. On one occasion tho cele- brated tragedian Booth wa« to play for " <i fe.to nit/hts only " Ho chose Hamlet in which to make hts first appearance. Thc rehcnrsnl took place, ii'id everything went on smoothly. Hut about two hours before the performances bc who was to have enacted tho ghost fell sick, mid !-R-received short notice to study the pnr; and take his pince. Accordingly he did so, or tried to. The piece was played, nnd he blun- dered i brough his tlrst scene with Hamlet pretty well with tlie aid of the prompter- all save the brogue. But in thc scene with Hamlet and his mother, R-, who lind been locking into a green bottle until everything lo ked blue, killed thc scene, and came very near killing the audience with laughtev. Enter dliott} liomin-Save mc, and hover o'er with your wings. Your heavenly guards!-what would your . gracious I'igure? Queen-Alas! he's mad. Jliftnut-D i you not como your tardy son to chide, That Iaps'd in time and passion lets go hy Th' important acting of your dread command? O, say! f»7iort-Hamlet, me boy, don't forgot This visit that I'm paying ye [ Vnicefrom behind tl,- i- «.tl.'.«.] Come oft'! onie off! I-, you'll kill the performance! Ghost-I'vo come on here to play tho gb on st. And by the Holy "Mother I'll finish it! £ I'D //unie'.4] This visit is to whet yonr purpose! But look nt ycr muthur, ye blackguard! Don't you see the amazement sitting on her? Go quick and get betwixt her and her frightning Soul! Consnte and wicker baskets! Spake to her, ye villinn! The curtain fell ns the 7>/it70.»<v>AtVprinccrondo snndry attempts to disputa his father's ghost with the fiat of his sword, j PnoDtGtor3.-By ix serios of interesting ox : périment* lately made in Philadelphia, a woman's ! tongue has been found cnpablo of moving one I thousand niuo hundred and twenty times in one ! minute! Think of tlmtand weep! ? Hats wont on the head of a discourse, tho bucket that hung in " All's well," and tho frag- ments af the man who burst into tears, arc said to bo tho last curiosities found. KXTKAOKDINAnV VoRACITT OT TUB PlKB. In tlie waters at the Palace of Lacken a pike was lately discovered dead at the side, weighing -20lh; on being brought on the bank it was found that he had been suffocated in attempting to gorge ono of his own species 4lb in weight, nnd, on disgorging the latter, a jack of nearly one pound was found pouched in bira.- nrvsscl's Hcratd. A Montr. PATIKNT.-A patient was recently admitted into thu infirmary nt Parham who some time previously and elsewhero, lind ono of his legs amputated between the nnltlo .and knee in so unsatisfactory a manner ns to ronttire a further operation. Ho said ho was sure they could cut hts leg nt thc infirmary jun ns it should bc, >foi", as it was, "it dangled about, and quito bothered him," but he thought if a few inches were taken off he would be nil right. "While Ms wishes wero being complied with ho very cnolly told ibo sur- geons to mind and cut it high enough, and after thc operation was completed, said it was a pi ty when they were at work not to mnko A good job of it, «mibe would gladly havo had them take oil'a few inches more. He is jrtow doing well, and is perfectly satisfied with lite result. Tho Hinton Post says <ho chair iriiich Ver bum sat in JIM 1»CCU discovered ju that «itjr. 