AN INCIDENT OF A DIGGER'S PASSAGE TO AUSTRALIA. JULY 17th.- Wind blowing fresh.-ship running ten knots an hour-very quick for us. Wind rising, men ordered to take in a flying jib. In consequence of many splices in a rope, one of them got entangled, or would not run through a block, or something of that kind, and five men went out to clear the rigging, when a sudden gust struck the flapping-sail and crush went the jib-boom, which instantly fell into the sea, carrying with it of course, the flying jib-boom, and both sails, togethor with the five men. In an instant all was confusion on deck. Ropes were thrown over the side for the men to catch at-the life buoy was cut adrift,t but was so jammed hat it would I not fall down-some ran to lower the quarter boats-others called out, for the life-boat to be got out- and Captain Pennysage ran about giving all sorts of orders, and not attending to any one of them being put into execution. Mean- time the ship had been hove to-three of the men were clinging to the wreck of ropes and spars in the sea- -and Arrosmith and the second mate, both first-rate swimmers, jumped overboard, and swam to their assistance. Just as they had helped the third man up the side, a loud shriek was heard to leeward, followed by a cry from the deck of " Shark ! shark !" and a rush of all the passengers to the leeward side. One of the poor fellows had been taken down by a shark. Mr. Pounderby and Mrs. Pyke both saw it. The remaining sailor was still swimming for his life, and cry- ing out for a boat,. Arrowsmith and the second mate. with excited gestures and large eyes, came scrambling up the ship's side. A loud cry, swell- ing into a combiined scream, from all the passen gers ! I looked over the side and was just in time to sea the sailor, with his face as white as a ghost, swung backwards and disappear beneath the wave. His month was wide open-I think with horror-some said he gave a scream, but I never heard it. Sunday, 18th-Waits brought into the cabin a small piece of dry touchwood He asked me to guess what it was. I said " Stuff ' to light a pipe with to be sure." He said, " Yes, it was ; but what had it, lately been, or what had it been part of?" "Of the înside of some old rotten tree or branch " said I. Waits folded it. up in paper and put in his box. "Part of the jibboom of the Rodneyrig," said he, "just at the place where it broke. No wonder it broke. Two men live's lost by a rotten spar, and a narrow escape for five others. That's the way to fit out ships to make money by passengers." I was glad- to find Isaac bad so much public spirit. "I sup- pose you don't, object,'' said I. ''to my inserting what you have just said in my diary." He thought a little, and then said " No."-- Dickens's " House hold Words." ANOKRSOS Titr, RatTisn WIZARD SOLO nv A YANKFI:.-Professor Anderson, the British Wiz- ard, being recently in New York, was looking the American and foreign uewspnpors over, in the o'lice of tho Dutchman nowspnpor, when he saw ho was closely scrutinised by a man of lull stature, and swarthy appearance, and who was evidently from tho country. The following conversation took placo :-'i say, aro von Professor Ander- son, hoy V ' Yes sir ' 'Wal, you're a tarnation nmart man, 1 hear. You nint, got that are bottle of ynurii with you, li wo you ?' ' No sir,' ' Woll I'm from down east, having been raised in Maine, and I should uko to purchaso a duplicate of that ore bottle, as 1 aro going out stumping for a candidate. I guess, if I had yom' bottle, or its twin-brother, I'd soon swamp* tho Sootios, with Ínt talking politics either.' ' 1 never carry my ollie with mo.' 'Surry for that, but I wasouc'o taught a (Holt when a boy, but I almost forget bow the thing was done now. I'll toll you how ii was, stranger, ns near as I can. I used to take a ted cent, and chango it into a ten dollar gold piece.' 'Oh,' said the Professor,'that is quite simple ; a mero trick of sleight of hand,' . Well, I know it is not. very difficult, but ns I forget how- th« thing was done,'will you show mo!' nt the Bame time handing a cont to the wizard. 'This L your cent, is it not ?* ' Yos, sir.' ' Close- your band.' Tho down Easter closed his hand fast. 'Aro you sure yon have it?'Baid Iho wizard., ' I guess I have, and I'll bet n dollar you enn't eharig« it into a ten-dollar gold piece.' 'Done,' «aid the wÍ7.nrd'. Now hold your hand fast.* ' Yes sir, I reckon 1 «ill, hut stop, down with your dollar, hero's mine.' said the Yankee. The wizard covered his dollar. 'Now, sir, are yon veidv?' said tim wizard.' I ain't nothing else.' iaid the down Easter. 'Chango' said the wizard, ' Now, sir, open your hand.' He did so. and to his utter astonishment bold a ten dollar gold piece. ' Well, sir.' snid tho winard, 'you soo you have lost your dollar.' ' I gupss I lmvii,' said he, handing over the two dollars., .Now,' *n>d the Professor, ' I'll bet you another dollar, I'll chango the ten dollarpioco in'o your cent, again, much quicker.' 'No, yo nan't,' said tho Maine Tuan, phioing the ton dollar in. his pocket, mid huttoning up tight. 'I'm much obliged to yo, Professor, but I reckon I'll, leavo it ns it is. Good morning, old boss,' said he, walkin«: out of ?he ollie«, and turning round ns lie reached the door he placed his digitals in ii close approxima- tion to his probosnii saying, ' I guess lhere nin't anything greon about this oliild.' and loft the Professor in uttor amazement at his coolness, 9 