THE GHOST OF TASMAN. The member reposed on his downy bed, And strange thoughts passed through his dreamy head, When a shadow appeared to come out of the wall, Which grew to an outline--a form--and then all That a native could show Of the Countries called Low,-- [so. Worsted stockings--wide breeches--short jacket, and What a, Dutchman could want with our stiff M.L.C. Puzzled him quite as much as it would have done me: But he opened the mouth on his muffin-like face, And thus, in Low Dutch, began stating his case: "My name's Abel Tasman, wot found this 'ere isle; "And the way I've been treated it makes my blood bile; "'Cause the Land what the title 'Van Diemen' became, "It seems has now come for to get a 'bad name:' "But, if it is true, "Wot I want you to do, "Is to stand up for me like a real 'true blue:' "I leave all the whys, and the wherefores to you. "Old Van Diemen's long dead, "So there cannot be said "Much against sich a notion upon that 'ere head; "And so is his daughter,-- "Wich if I'd ha' caught her, "I'd ha' gained the whole object as then I was arter. "Wot I want from my 'vardit' you'll readily see, "Is to have my discovery named arter me." When he'd thus said his say The form melted away,-- And the night vanished fast in the break of the day. When the sun had appeared, And the fog was all cleared, The member arose, and thought o'er what he'd 'hear'd;' As he moodily sat o'er his morning roll The form of a Dutchman still troubled his soul. The roll, and the ham, and the egg were discussed, And the member was thinking of what he'd do 'fust,' When a kick from behind Soon put him in mind That a ghost could be personal, when so inclined. So he pondered and wondered, And floundered and blundered, To cut up one sentiment into a hundred. * * * * * * * 'Twas now past the hour he'd appointed to dine, And the member sat sipping his glass of port wine; But the oftener he lifted his glass to his lip-- And the longer he sipped--still with every sip More thirsty he felt;--till of sips the 'sum tottle' Brought him down, by degrees, to the end of the bottle. Inspiration soon came, and he shouted, "Why! bless Me, I'll write, by the powers, yes, I'll write an Address." * * * * * * * Some days had elapsed--some odd things had been said, And the member reposed on his downy bed; But a form, nowise light, By the throat held him tight, And sat heavily on him all through the long night: And, 'tis said, when he got up to open the door, He found an old dirty Dutch pipe on the floor. July 15, 1853. MOMUS. 