Police. John Brierly, free, whose appearance at the police-office is not ' like angels' visits, few and far between,' was charged with disturbing the peace in Murray street, near St. David's Cathe- dral, on Saturday afternoon, about 5 o'clock. D. C. Popham, the master of the ceremonies for the day, informed his Worship that the de- fendant, he thought, was not in his right mind, or feigned not to he, as he persisted in the de- claration that he was the Lord Chancellor of England. The defendant pleaded Not Guilty, and stated that he was insulted by 'that man there,' pointing to, the constable ; that if he had a pistol, he would most undoubtedly have shot him. Mr. Jones observed that he thought he was more fit for New Norfolk than any other place. The defendant New Norfolk ? What's the use of talking in that way ? I'll shoot some of 'em yet ! The constable then stated that the defendant, who exhibited a very extraordinary demeanour, was shouting in the street as loud as he could, and that a clergyman desired witness to take him into custody. On being asked if he had any questions to put to the witness, the defendant exclaimed, ' I shouting ? I am no hawker, and how can you say I was making a noise ? I work for Mr. Greig ; but never mind ; I'll deal with some of these men yet ; and as for that gentleman, (the constable) I'll settle him some other time.' He was fined 5s. and removed. John Mason , free, who formerly kept an iron- mongery store in Liverpool-street, was charged by constable Ramsay with being drunk, and disturbing the peace at half-past 10 o'clock on Saturday night, Liverpool street. The defendant. — Speak the truth, sir, and state the case properly. The constable then said, that the defendant was knocking at the door of a public house, and shouting very loud ; he was also very drunk. The defendant said, if he had done wrong he was very sorry for it. He was fined 5s. for each offence, and on leaving the bar, said he had a good mind to box the constable's ears ; a bravado which excited considerable merri- ment, as the defendant was of dwarfish stature, and the constable a stout young fellow. David Aberry, p.h., by the Cadet, was charged by Sergeant Maddans with absconding from his authorised place of residence, and re- maining illegally at large until apprehended in Hohart Town. It appears that the prisoner, who gave his name as White, and represented himself to be free, had absconded from the ser- vice of Mr. Page, the stage coach proprietor, and hired himself to Mr. Norton, the landlord of the Joiners' Arms, as a free man, for one month. In a fortnight however he left, and engaged with Mr. Fitzgerald, to proceed down the river as a ' hewer of wood,' and a splitter of shingles. He was remanded till Tuesday next, the 30th instant, in order to institute the ne- cessary enquiries into his proceedings. James Hamilton and Robert Reaver were charged with assaulting a constable. They had taken a whip from a cart belonging to Mr. Shoobridge, and had it not been for the timely interference of constable Stavely, the constable's brains would have been dashed out with a large stone. They were each fined £10 and costs. John McTeague. p.h., was charged with being out after hours, and falsely representing himself to be a constable. The apprehending constable informed his Worship that a gentleman gave him in custody in Bathurst-street, and said he would attend at the office in the morning ; but he had not done so. The prisoner pleaded Guilty to being out after hours, but denied the false representation. Mir. Jones observed that it was not long since he had been in the police, and sentenced him to two months' imprisonment with hard labour. Emanuel Lewis, a man of colour, whose ticket- of-leave had been cancelled for harbour- ing runaway seamen some months since, and who was in the service of Mr. Swain, the iron- founder, was charged by sergeant Bryan with being out after hours, at half-past 2 o'clock in the morning of Sunday morning last. The pri- soner said he worked in Mr. Swain's fitting shop, and the only time he could go out was Saturday night, Mr. Jones. — Yes ; but this was early on Sun- day morning, which was not a proper time for you to be out. He was sentenced to four months' imprison- ment with hard labour. A female passholder in the service of the Rev. Mr. Buckland, was charged by her master with misconduct, in refusing to work. The woman pleaded Not Guilty, and said she was ill, and could not work. The rev. complainant informed his Worship that the prisoner was a laundress, and on being desired to go to her work, she said she could not, and would not work. Mr. Buck- land stated that he had had servants for nine years, who had performed the same work as that appropriated to the prisoner, and without com- plaint ; she was assisted in her washing by the other servants. His Worship sentenced her to six mouths' imprisonment with hard labour at the washtub. A passholder in the service of Mr. Sharpe, of the Duchess of Kent, was charged by his master with being absent without leave, with insolence, indecent language, and refusing to work. The prisoner's conduct, as described by Mr. Sharpe. was extremely bad ; he had been six months in his service, and until recently had behaved very well, and in fact Mr. Sharpe did not wish to give the man in charge had not his conduct been so bad. He was sentenced to four months' im- prisonment with hard labour. William Burrow, t.l., was charged by D. C. Randall with misconduct in being out after hours, at half past 10 o'clock, and with per- forming at the Albert Theatre on Monday night. The prisoner in his defence stated, that he was certainly engaged at the Albert Theatre, but not as an actor; he was occupied in mana- ging the machinery. D. C. Randall distinctly slated that the pri- soner was on the stage with a sheet over his clothes, and dressed as a ghost (laughter). Sergeant Chandler confirmed the statement of Randall, and informed his Worship that the prisoner had been check taker at the theatres, but he had, until the night in question, always supposed him to he a free man. Sergeant Jackson also corroborated the pre- vious evidence, and positively declared that the prisoner enacted the character of a ghost. The prisoner was remanded for the record of his police character, and afterwards discharged. A free female emigrant, servant of the Rev. Dr. Lillie, was about to be charged with a breach of the Master and Servants' Act, when Mr. Wynne, who appeared for the defendant, addressed the Bench. Tlte learned gentleman observed, that it was his duly to bring before their Worships certain circumstances connected with this case, which placed him in a somewhat delicate position. He had seen Mr. Francis, who took considerable interest in the matter, and who had stated to him that Dr. Lillie had told him (Mr. Francis) that he had seen Mr. Jones on the subject, who had said that he would make a most severe example of the de- fendant. Mr. Wynne also applied for a sub- poena for Mrs. Lillie, who Dr. Lillie said was not in a condition to attend. Mr. Jones observed, that although it was not usual for a magistrate to enter into any explana- tion upon matters of this kind, he would how- ever in the present instance distinctly deny that he had ever expressed any such thing. Dr. Lillie denied that such a conversation had taken place between him and Mr. Jones. On finding the servant had misconducted herself, he was deter- mined, upon principle, to seek reparation, and for that purpose he had referred to the Police Magistrate, in order In obtain the same. On so doing Mr. Jones said that he had received many complaints relative to the misconduct of emi- grant servants, and that the matter ought to be enquired into. Further than that, Dr. Lillie most distinctly denied that Mr. Jones had given any opinion whatever; and as to the conversa- tion with Mr. Francis, he had given that gentle man no cause to form such an impression as that mentioned by Mr. Wynne, nor did he think that Mr. Francis was justified in stating the same. Mr. Wynne again observed, that he thought it to be the best course he could have adopted to bring the matter thus openly before the Bench. He never for a moment believed that Mr. Jones could have expressed such an opinion. He should however require the attendance of Mr. Francis, and also that of Mrs. Lillie. After some other brief remarks, the adjudi- cation of the case was postponed till Tuesday next. We may add, that the defendant wept bitterly while at the bar, and was permitted to retire to the Information office. William Connelly , p.h., in the service of Mr. Levy, was charged by his master with in- solence, with threatening to knock him down, and with challenging him to fight. The pri- soner in his defence stated that he certainly was insolent to his master, but only in retalia- tion to Mr. Levy's conduct towards him. Mr. Levy then informed his Worship, that on the occasion in question, the prisoner was desired to remove the remains of the dinner, which consisted of good roast mutton, into the kitchen ; whereupon he told his master that he could not eat mutton, not he indeed, and that the Government allowed him beef, of which he had a right to 1½ lb. per day. Mrs. Levy smiled at the remark, when the prisoner said, ' why you smile like a donkey' (laughter.) Mr. Levy followed the man into the kitchen, and asked him what he meant by such conduct ? He then took off his coat and began to square at his master, when a constable was sent for, and de- tective constable Joseph Jackson came, and took the prisoner into custody. He was then very insolent, and said to Mr. Levy, ' I'll settle you for this !' The prisoner in a very saucy manner put se- veral impertinent questions to Mr. Levy, with a view to show that his master had insulted him, but which were entirely uncorroborated. He was sentenced to six mouths' imprison- ment with hard labour. Robb v. Barclay. — At 3 o'clock on Tuesday Mr. David Barclay appeared at the bar to re- ceive the decision of his Worship as to the charge preferred against him by Mr. Robb. Messrs. Knight and Brewer were in attend- ance on the part of the defendant, and the Town Clerk, Mr Crombie, on the part of Mr. Robb, as a sworn bailiff of the corporation. Mr. Jones, addressing Mr. Barclay, said, he had come to the decision that he should enter into his own recognizince to appear at the Quarter Sessions if called upon, and into sure- ties to keep the peace, himself in £100, and two others in £50 each, towards all Her Ma- jesty's subjects for six months, and towards William Robb especially. Mr. Knight then rose, and after a few preli- minary remarks as to the illegality of the proceeding, requested to be informed of the grounds upon which his Worship had arrived at that decision. Mr. Jones said he could not comply with the learned counsel's request. Mr. Knight then said, that this proceeding was intended to bind the hands of Mr. Bar- clay in the event of Mr. Robb, as bailiff, re- peating his application, and supposing he was to find sureties, he might, the moment he left the court, discover Mr. Robb on his premises again : but if he did find sureties, it must be on the understanding most express and ex- plicit, that he should not be precluded from defending his property, if illegally distrained upon. Mr. Barclay undoubtedly bound him- self not to commit any illegal act ; but his learned friend Mr. Brewer and himself were agreed that the proceeding was unauthorised, and that Mr. Barclay, under their advice, would not consent to enter into the recog- nizance required by his Worship. Mr. Jones. — Am I to understand then, that Mr. Barclay refuses to enter into such re- cognizance ? Mr. Knight. — Yes, Sir ; that is our advice. Mr. Jones. — Then I have no other alterna- tive but to commit Mr. Barclay to the body of Her Majesty's gaol in default. Mr. Brewer now applied to his Worship for copies of the depositions, on which to insti- tute other proceedings, in order to show the correct, or otherwise which might be the view he and his learned friend had taken of the case. Mr. Jones replied, that all usual and neces- sary information should be furnished. During the preparation of the warrant of commitment, Mr. Knight said, as they thought Mr. Barclay was right, and Mr Robb wrong, he, Mr. Barclay, had no cause to remain in the office, and advised him to leave. Mr. Jones objected to this, and said that Mr. Barclay must not leave. Mr. Barclay however proceeded towards the door, but was brought back by a constable. Mr. Knight then said, that as Mr. Barclay was now formally in custody, he would find sureties. Thomas Hewitt, Esq., J.P., and Mr. Alex- ander Kissock joined Mr. Barclay in the ne- cessary recognizance, and the parties left the office. 