-as???. so CHEAP, INTERNATIONAL POSTAGE. and 9 The Daily News has the following observations with respect to the reductions on foreign postage, which are so imperatively called for 7" The establishment of the inland cheap post- age being confessedly a measure of incalculable public utility, the question naturally arises, why should not the principle be applied to foreign letters ? If a letter carried five or six hundred miles within the island is charged one penny, why should a letter carried twenty miles across the channel cost eightpence ? If the inhabitants of the different localities in England and Scot- land are in the enjoyment of a perfect communication of thought, what should prevent the inhabitants of the different nations of the earth enjoying the same privilege ? Why should nations be debarred by a money barrier from that interchange of mental activity which is one of the greatest instruments of civilisation ? As no reasonable cause can be assigned for an answer in the negative to these questions, a society has been formed for the purpose of facilitating the introduction of a system of international postage, founded upon the principles which distinguish the system of penny postage in Great Britt in-uniformity, prepayment, and cheap- ness. In the course of the proceedings they have brought to light some curious facts as to the total absence of these qualifications in the present postal regulations. The want of anything like uniformity is testified by the fact that there are at the present time thirty or more different rates of postage for a single letter not exceeding half an ounce in weight. These rates range from one penny up to two shillings and ninepence. To make confusion more con- founded, there are three different weights for a single letter. The post- office official director tells us that these weights may be either under a quarter of an ounce, exactly a quarter of an ounce, or half an ounce. Before a person can tell what he has to pay for a letter, all these points must be attended to. The want of any rule regarding prepayment is a fertile source of annoyance to persons engaged in foreign correspondence. There are 240 routes for which prepayment is optional-140 for which it is im- perative and four for which it is forbidden. If prepayment is neglected in any case where a letter is posted, or addressed to a place for which the previous payment is imperative, the missive is thrown into the dead letter box, where it awaits like a heathen ghost by the side of Styx-the arrival of the fee which will bribe the grim Church of the post-office to ferry it to its destination. The papers published by the International Postage Association furnish some curious details with respect to the enormous rates which are levied on the transmission of letters. A letter weighing half an ounce is charged two shillings and ninepence when sent to Brazil, or at the rate of £9900 per ton. A letter to India pays at the rate of £16,200 per ton. A curious example is given in the case of a gentleman who transmitted a letter weighing a little more than an ounce to a correspondent in Spain. The sender and the receiver had to pay between them seventeen shillings and fourpence for postage. Now, had the article forwarded been a butt of sherry instead of a few sheets of paper, the charge for transmission would have been about five shillings. If the epistle in question had been written for the purpose of ordering the sherry, it would appear that while the wine itself was sent over into England at the rate of 10s. per ton, the order to send it was carried at the rate of about £30,000 per ton. The reformation, which it will be the object of the association to achieve, must be carried out with a due regard to the interests and convenience of the various countries, forming the Postal Union. It will be requisite, therefore, that no country should be disturbed in the use of its peculiar weights and measures, and likewise that the revenue proceeding from the transport should be fairly divided between the several countries. It is considered that this will be best effected by each country levying a postage tax on letters outward, but none on those inward, and that this tax should be in all instances pre-paid. This would in the first place put an end to all complicated accounts of postage between nations, and secondly, it would leave it in the power of each country to determine its own rate he (" 