NIGHT THE FIRST. It was iii the middle of the first watch, that is, to vulgar and unseamanly appre^ hensions, ten o'clock, on a beautiful and cloudless nighf, that the Aurelia was dally ing with the little ripple made by a suc cession of cat's-paws that wantoned over the face of the dark blue -waters. The moon looked down with tho fixed and cold gaze of majesty upon tlio world beneath, her, whilst her Image danced merrily a&4 rfloofe. ingly, In brilliant and broken fragments, in tlie crisped waves. Above, on iho .waters below, and all around, a feeling of deep and consoling peace seemed to prevail. The ship was on a wind, slipping gentty along under double-reefed topsails, top* ' gallant- sails, first jib, and spanker,. Tlie courses were up, and would have been unserviceable, had they been set. The gentle breeze, at intervals only, was able to' distend the capacious topsails, which ever and anon swelled boldly forth, and then ggain flapped back listlessly to the mast, like the boasting 6peech of a coward, Bud deuly checked by the sight of danger. The top- gallaiit-eails continued filled as grace fully as the white draporied busts of young beauty. So solemnly and quietly did tbe gallant frigate bear herself in her majestic motion, tliat no angry foam was eecn beneath her bows ; Uic parted waves kissed her noiselessly, and each' particular undu- ' lation furnished for her, as Bhe passed, &? fairy and phosphoric light, that duteously attended upon her from stem to stern, and vanished only in the little playful whirl pools that dashed under her counter. But* the gleam of light was large, flickering, and troubled, that followed her in her long wake ; and these heatless fires there seemed to have assumed a more ghastly and witch like nature. In the midst of these phantom sparks wallowed the monster sharks, and the sycophant pilot-fish. They scented their prey ; and these living tombs for the fated ones were regarded at once with dread and abhorrence by the superstitious seamen. As an Eastern despot walked forth, so pro ceeded the Aurclia, attended by her minis ters of death. The quiet and tranquillity abroad was imitated on board. Orders were given, and strictly enforced, that the duty of th ship should be carried on as silently as pos sible, so that no creaking of blocks, and knocking of ropes upon the deck, should jar upon the painfully sensitive cars of the sick and the dying. The words of com mand were given in a hushed tone, and the necessary evolutions produced more by sig nals and gestures than by voice. There was but b'ttle lit'.- on the quarter deck. The lieutenant of the watch paced his walk slowly and thoughtfully ; the men hung lauguidly on the wheel ; the quarter master drooped over the weather hammock-* nettings ; and the two midshipmen were in their usual station — that is, just where they ought not to have been. Tho fore mast men of the watch were, a few of them, sleeping on the booms ; whilst tbe rest^ with the exception of the look-outs, were assembled on the forecastle, and huddled together round the forebits. All of this group wore light-hearted and merry, or affected to be so. However, with the tact of good feeling, their mirth was subdued, and their conversation carried on with voices not only attempered to the quiet of the scene, but also to the solemn situation of peril in which they all were, and to tho state of their many suffering shipmates. Still, the joke went its round, the tale was approved and laughed at, and the ditty duly and critically commented upon. Tlie boatswain and the gunner sate aris tocratically apart, yet they did not disdain to join in tlie conversation, and to benefit their hearers by advice, or reprove them with salt-water criticism. The two mid sliipmen had forsaken their posts, and had placed themselves on the butt-ends of the booms felicitously for hearing, and there they had tajcen up their jrosition in search of their principal element — fun. They were two blithe lads, recently from Eng land, rosy-cheeked, and in high health. Their mothers would have trembled for them had they then seen them, even in dreams, placed upon the roof of what wu really a pest-house, whilst the heated air came up noxiously through the hatchway underneath them, heavy, steaming, and contaminated with the taint of death. John Gibson, the second captain of the forecastle, had just finished a dolefully humorous tale that was wound up by the laud-crabs devouring the dead bodies within the palisades at Port Royal The narra tion was dreadfully a propos, and, just as it was ended, the breeze died away, the sails drooped heavily from the yards, and the stillness became so profound, that the nioanings from the sick-bay, on the deck beneath them, were distinctly heard. Tho voice that cried for water was recognized, and tlie low soothing tones of the surgeon became painfully audible. All felt tho heavy, spirit-damping influence of the moment. No comment was offered on the story, no song volunteered, no mirth simu lated. Each looked upon the other for the words that he liimself felt too low of heart to utter. In tlie midst of this awe, strains of the sweetest harmony camegently through the air from abaft. They were rich and solemn ; and though not loud, they seemed to the ears of those assembled round the forebits, to fill all creation. Though th# effect on the hearers was miraculous, there was no miracle in the matter. The fact was merely that the captain was phying in his after cabin, with the window open, on anthem on the flute, of which instrument he was a perfect master. The rich melody hung for a space about the vessel, and then, with a low tremulous, dying fall, left every thing on deck in a ban-en silence j and the next moment the loud death-rattle was heard iu tho throat of the newest victim to the epidemic. Every one was frozen into silence. Then immediately tho pale attendant upon tho dying thrust his sickly and cada verous features for a moment amidst the group, and said, with a voice that sounded like the chuckle of a demon, 'John Robin son has just kicked tho bucket,' and imme diately disappeared, as a ghost vanishes, in the tomb-like obscurity below. At length three or four, more stubborn, hearted than the rest, struck up with the chorus, always in subdued voices, Ue'B gon« «hat a heart; good fellow ! ' Well, said Mr. PipccaU, the boatswain, cheerily, 'he's gone 1 and what then? He'll never more be six on (bur, boys ; hit last middle watch is piped down—to'« ' '.! 7=.'.:ri«rV:,-*«T rtf liajppy J he's stowed away snug till tlie hat day, like many a better, and many a worse Mlow. He's dead !' 'If you please Mr. Pipecall,' said Uic youngest of the midshipmen, 'are you quite ?nrerthe sailor is dead? The doctor's servant only said that he had 'kicked a bucket.'' A genuine, although a quiet laugh fol lowed this display of simplicity. After this had subsided, the boatswain took pity on the younker's ignorance, called him ' green horn/' told him he 'was fresh caught,' and then condescended to enlighten him upon the subject But the young gentleman, the Hon. Mr. Elston, was not so easily satisfied, and wished to know what analogy there was betwen death and the kicking of buckets. 'There needn't no allagays or fiddle faddlojays about it, when they means one and the same thing,' said the boatswain. „ That I deny,' 6aid Mr. Elston. ' There ! I have kicked a bucket, and I am not dead yet' In demonstrating this proposition, the middy had sent a bucket, not a canvas, but one of the fire ones, from the boom, full upon the pate of the boatswain, who was seated a good deal below him. 'But you would make me dead — you — you undersized imp.' « If you cau, when dead, kick a bucket, then,' said young Elston laughing, ' I will beg your pardon, and remain satisfied.' ' But I shan't,' said Mr. Pipecall, search ing for bumps. 'I understands it as this here,' said a foretop-man ; 'the Hon. Mr. Elston wishes to know what has riz the saying about kicking the bucket being all as one as a man's being stone dead.' 'The very thing. Does any one of you know Y' was the reply. There was a consultation of whisperings, but all confessed ignorance, and then they pronounced, without a dissentient voice, that it was a matter totally beneath them, and were about to change the subject, when an old hand of the Aurelia, a 6hriveUed-up applojolui of a forecastle-man, with a husky laugh and sneer, told them all that they were no bettor than a set of babes in the wood, and tauntingly asked where they had all. been brought up. He knew, if he chose to tell; but it was a yarn worth three glasses of grog at least. This hint was not lost upon the two mid shipmen. The reward was freely promised, and the seamen, in various attitudes, settled themselves about the forebits, in order to be comfortable and criticise. Lugging forth from their place, the jib- halyards, and making with the coil of rope an easy hollow seat, old Timothy placed himself in an approved narrative position, and thus com menced the story of NOSEY JOU.YK0SE, THE FrRST MAX WHO KICKED THE BUCKET. (To he continued.) 