INVESTITURE OF HIS GRACE THE ARCH R1SH0P OF DUBLIN WiTH THE PALLIUM. Our readers are doubtless aware ot the tact that | intelligence has been for some time received, con veying the intimation of the intention of his Hon nessPope Pius IX. of conferring the pallium, wrth tbe dignity and special jurisdiction appertaining thereto on his Holiness»s faithful .representative and legate, Paul Archhishop «l.Dublin. The dignitaries and clergy -«r the arcnuiocsse, and also the religious laity, who had been anxiously expecting the arrival of this honoured gift conferred on the illustrious archbishop, were delighted by the announcement of the arrival- in Dublin of the Right Rev. Dr. O'Connor,. Lord Bishop of Pittsburg, Uni ted States, who waa specially entrusted by his Holi ness with the pleasing uuty of cuuvejiug ^rilul'» accompained by a manifestation of paternal regard and consolatory encouragement to his grace. It is a strange, and surely not a less happy, coincidence, that on tho same Sunday in the month of October eight and twenty years ago the same I aolemn invesUture of the pallium was conferred on IhTpwiw predecessoTof the preaent Catholic Arch bitha°v[nDgUbeen- announced that the ceremonial of 'fijj, B the pallium would take place on Sunday, S h Ca edral Church of Marlborough Steet was SoVe th« usually crowded with a congregation comnris Ing a vast number of the Catholic gentry compr sing .,..„-. The ceremonies corn and c, ,» ,». — ' Mass, at the conclusiou oTwhteh hta Qr?ce the Archbishop was condncted to J « ,J .I,, altar steps, where kneeling he re cock read the mandate from nis noi.nes8 w.«,..mB it Then the solemn juramentum prescribed on ho.se occasions was administered and subsenbed 0 £ Ms Grace, after which the Lord Bishop of Pitts burjr took the pallium irom t..o «..„ ..... --?— been deposited and placed it on the shoulders of the archbishop, when the following solemn invocation waa offered bv the officiating- bishop : — ?.fi honour and glory of Almighty God and of the ever Ble.sed Virgin, Mother of our Redeemer, and of the glorious apostles Pewr and Paul, ami in veneration of our Holy Father Pius IX. and the 3y Catholic Church, the church committed to thy Tl ^.Wiver to thee this pallium, taken from the on b of the blessed Peter, in which is the pleni nu. of a pontifical office, and you may use it within your chuuch in the archdiocese granted to you by I thP nrivileee of the apostolic see in the name of ibo FX and of the San . and of the Holy Ghost » The Archbishop having returned to his throne wearing the pallium. ? ? The Lord bishop or riusuuig *?»=.? v,^^^^ .- address the congregation in a discourse fraught with pious eloquence. Having explained the na ure of the pallium, which was indicative of the metro politan authority, and of the source whence this wa* derived, he dwelt on the nature of the office of the supreme pastor of the church Which it thus recalled to mind. The pallium, he said, would not excite new feelings, it would only awaken those which they had inherited from their fathers, but it would serve to recall those principles bv wh=ch the faithwaa ever preserved in Ireland. The ri-jht rev. prelate's sermon was heard with ovident delight and edification Dy-tne vast coi.K.c gation present. In conclusion the Lord Archbishop bestowed on the congregation the pontifical benediction, and the ceremonial concluded at half past two o'clock.— - Catholic Standard. 