Original Poetry. IN ANSWER TO M. M'S. VISION OF THE NETHER WORLD. Written for the Hobart Town Guardian, BY A POETASTER. Oh! fearful picture of that dreadful pit! Man shrinks with horror, when he thinks of it. And who could dream, of mirth, in such a place, And dancing too;—are they a dancing race? When Heaven's vengeance oped the direful den, It was, for fallen spirits, not for men— Doomed by the great eternal spirits' frown, Driven, from Heaven, the sad apostates down;— It was Ambition, drove man's deadliest foe, To the black world of everlasting woe:— But dance and song—or joyful mirth or jest, I fear, are ever banished from each breast, If Justice dooms, a wretched victim, there, To suffer in the gulf of dark despair. Why drag, to light, the unhappy spirits, pains— Or make a peep-show of the dismal plains? Arouse poor muse, from grovelling, in the mire, Strike, sweeter notes, upon thy sounding Lyre: With softer strains,oh! touch the trembling string, High, o'er Parnassian heights,expand thy wing:— No hideous forms, or stalking ghosts, pourtray, Nor, writhing demons, in the lake survey:— Charity forbids us, to withdraw the veil, Where dark oblivion hides the mournful tale; Or midnight revels, where the ghostly crew Stood in array, in Tarn O'Shanter's view. Appalling sight—to mortal vision spread! Hard to believe, the tomb gives up its dead, To join in glee—the witches' dance and song— And sport, in mirth, while tempests howl along. Mine be a nobler theme—my rustic rhyme Would mount above, to something, more sublime, And cheer the weary pilgrim, on the road, Or paint the raptures of the blest abode, And not the tortures of a troubled soul, Whose guilt hath plunged it, in its destined gaol. Be ours to sing, in loftier strains, than those, Which woke, in grating sounds, such verse or prose:— Go, rather hang, thy wild harp, high, and hear Its gentle murmurings fall, upon thine ear. Heaven wills that man, though stained with darkest crime, May turn and live, while yet there's life and time, Should Justice rule instead of mercy, then Farewell to hope amongst the sons of men. But he, who hung yon starry orbs on high, Love brought him down, for us, to bleed and die. The expiring thief, that mercy, found, when he Hung bleeding, by his Lord, upon the tree. If we, that proffered mercy, now disclaim, It is ourselves, and not the Lord's, to blame:— Oh! then of free unbounded mercy, sing, When e'er thy hand, again shall touch the string! J. N. Kangaroo Valley, Dec. 6th. [Appreciating the amiable feelings of our Poet, we have inserted the most of his lines, though, we believe, he somewhat misconceives the moral aimed at by M. M. In his "Vision," that poet, we presume, merely meant to convey the demoniac laugh of the damned, in a striking relief to their unextinguishable hate and remorse. We cer- tainly can conceive one of such cursed beings— laughing, grinning, dancing, writhing, infuriated, maddened! Poets are known to be an irritable tribe—we trust their quarrels will not endure long.—Ed. Guardian.] 