THE POLICE REGISTER SOLOMON'S CORRECTION.--Solomon Solomon was charged with kicking up a row and disturb- ing the Gentile neighbours by beating the "bone of his bone", viz. his better half. Mrs. Solomon Solomon, considering 'discretion the better half of valour,' screamed loudly for assistance; and the nightly guardians of the peace rushed to her rescue. Finding her to be suffering as much from the effects of indulgence as harsh treatment, they led her away to the watch-house, in com- pany with her husband; but wisely confined them in separate cells. On appearing before Mr. Hill, Solomon so eloquently pleaded his cause, that, after advising them to fight their future battles out in the Cook's River sporting-paddock, or some other retired place, the Bench discharged both. A WORD AND A BLOW.--Abraham Lewis was charged with having knocked down Sergeant Swainston. The Charley stated that the prison- er was among the eager sight-seers on the night of the Mayor's Ball, and that having become overwhelmed either by the spirit-stirring glances of the female visitantes, the enlivening bars of the music, or the intoxicating temptations which were more abundant outside than inside the Vic- toria, he became rather uproarious. The Ser- geant mildly remonstrated with him. but was felled instanter by a blow from the prisoner's crutch. The prisoner pleaded inebriety; but the Bench thought it a lame excuse, and he was fined 20s. CROSS AND A-Greer-BLE AGAIN.--Mr. Cross was summoned by Mr. J. Greer for a tenement possession. Mr. G. reminded the Bench that the case had been several times before them, but dis- missed for some technical infirmities [?] he had made everything square, and [?] to be crossed in his purpose. Strange to say, a worse law than ever was discovered in the form of notice, and the plaintiff retired discomfited for only the fifth time; the defendant getting costs. We wonder if he will obey the old copy- book instructions, 'try again--try again'! THE MILLER AND HIS WOMAN.--William and Rose Ann Miller were charged with appropriat- ing a quantity of clothes and bedding belonging to Elizabeth Lohr, a newly arrived emigrant. Elizabeth, an engaging looking young woman, said that she went for lodgings to the prisoners and 'they took her in'. During her absence, on the previous Sunday, her property had walked off, and considering legs were necessary for such a man- œuvre, she made certain inquiries which led to the discovery of Miller and his wife having put the missing articles 'up the spout.' Tho prisoners tried unsuccessfully to shift the blame on one Strickson, but were fully committed. DUMB MOTIONS.--John Riley, who hangs out about the markets, was charged with stealing four blankets from the stall of James Hazleton. Riley made a stall for himself, by pretending not to be aware of his criminal position; but the 'finger-talk' of Mr. Dowsett soon convinced him that it was a serious pantomime. The blankets being found in his possession, the case was clear against him; though to judge from his digital jabber, passionate gesticulations, and heavenward appeals, he would have convinced the Bench he had never seen or touched them. He was fully committed. A KIND-HEARTED PEELER.--Bridget Barry was charged with gross brutality to her niece, an interesting looking child about seven years of age. Sergeant Dickson saw her knock the girl down and threaten her with a pair of tongs. Not thinking fire-irons fitting instruments of punishment, he constituted himself the child's de-fender, and brought the woman before the Bench. The Police Magistrate was about mak- ing an order for her admission into the Asylum for Destitute Children, when the Sergeant kindly offered to give her a home, and was allowed the liberty of doing a good deed that will bring its own reward. A TARTAR EMETIC.--William Dawson, a sea- man belonging to the Tartar, was brought up for assaulting a constable. It seems that a po- liceman found him drunk in the street; and that in taking him to the sobering establishment, the prisoner kicked most viciously in the true Devon- shire style. Not approving of this mode of wrestling, the blue-bottle charged him with as- sault. The Tartar tar expressed his ignorance of the whole affair, and said he was too Corny to play Devon; but the magistrates would not allow drunkenness as a plea, and adjudged him to pay 10s, and 2s 6d costs, as salve for the con- stables shins. A BAILIFF'S ADVENTURE.--William Palmer, master of the schooner Adventure, was charged with assaulting a bailiff at Newcastle, by carry- ing him to sea against his will. The said Bum, hight John Kingsmill, entered the ship with a writ of [?], and ordered the captain to give possession; but the skipper had his own objec- tions to this proceeding, preferring the proceed- ing on his voyage. The Newcastle Bench and Water Police Magistrate declining to interfere, the poor bailiff, instead of seizing the craft, was craftily seized himself and brought [?] to Sydney; but he acknowledged [?] full share of sea-pie and half [?] the voyage. On one occasion, also, [?] a rope; but thinking the act rather [?] 'belayed' it, and refused to work his [?] Mr. Nichols, for the defence, contended that Cap- tain Palmer had acted under the tacit permission of the Newcastle authorities; but admitted there must be a committal for further trial. After some discussion as to whether it should be a Su- preme Court case, to which the learned gentle- man expressed supreme indifference, the Bum intervint was committed to the Sessions. A LIVE GHOST.--William Wallace was charg- ed with being found on the premises of Mr. Stew- art, Brown Bear Lane, at midnight. Mr. S. said that he was awakened by a chilly hand grasping his leg, and thinking 'a spirit from the vasty deep' was come to fetch him before his time, he roared most lustily for some earthly assistance. On the appearance of the three policemen and two chamber candles, he found that the Ghost was a live Sandwich islander. The intruder stated that he was lodging next door, and had made a mistake in the house. He was not play- ing the part of an apparition himself, but spirits were certainly the original cause of Mr. Stewart's alarm. The explanation being corroborated, he was discharged. LIKE MASTER, LIKE MAN.--Dennis O'Brien was charged with stealing the horse, saddle, and bridle of his master, the Rev. J. Sheridan. The prisoner, who had been discharged from service for drunkenness, stated that he only borrowed the horse to ride out on a spree, and didn't mean any harm in crossing his master's prad. He was let off with a severe reprimand. DUNNING FOR A TRIFLE.--John Dunn was summoned for assaulting his wife, and turning her out of doors. It appeared that [?] difference were constantly taking place, and that in their settlement, Mrs. D. always came off second best. She therefore, being afraid of her life with so bad-tempered a husband, applied for protection and maintenance. After much con- sultation, and the proof of Mr. Dunn being a very flourishing tradesman, he was ordered to pay his wife a weekly maintenance (?) of only 10s per week. OVER-RIDING.--James Kelly was charged with riding over a female and injuring her. It ap- peared, from evidence, that he was not going very fast, and tried all he could to stop his pony; but the cross-examination of Counsellor Wearin elicited the fact, that he might have looked be- fore him if he had not looked behind him. The prisoner was fined 40s, and 2s 6d costs. HELPING THE WINTER OUT.--William Gillam was charged with walking off with a pair of blankets, and intending to stick to them for his own personal comfort during the present cold weather. He was followed to a certain place of refuge, where he had privy reasons for conceal- ing himself, and taken thence to a still more dis agreeable place, the Lock-up. He was fully com- mitted. INJUDICIOUS BURGLARY.--James Andrews and John Kennedy were judicially charged with entering the shop of Mr. Jude, Judæan jeweller, at an early hour of the evening, and abstracting certain property. Mr. Jude, who had been out for a stroll, returned home just at the lucky nick of time to catch Andrews making free with his trinkets, and, valorous in his own cause, he seized the robber with vigorous gripe, and forced him out of the premises. At the door, a man who looked like Kennedy, threatened him with a 'letle bit brick', and to avoid its salute, he let his pri- soner go. And go he did at full steam, with Mr. Jude at his heels, and hallooing 'stop thief' so vigorously, that half the police force of the city echoed his cry and joined in the pursuit. An- drews was fairly run down, after some clever doubles; and the other prisoner was unearthed from his regular lodgings. Both were committed, but Kennedy allowed on bail, on account of im- perfect proof of identity or participation. THE CONDUCT OF RAJAH BROOKE.--A com- mission is, it is stated, about to issue, under di- rection of the Foreign Office, to inquire into the conduct of Rajah Brooke, especially in reference to the charges against him so often urged on the attention of Parliament and the public by Mr. Hume. The investigation will, it is understood, take place at Singapore, where witnesses are to be examined. The Rajah sailed for India by the mail-steamer Bengal, on Monday last. MANCHESTER A CITY.--The Queen has been pleased by letters patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, bearing date the 29th of March last, to ordain and declare that the borough of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, shall be a city, and shall be called and styled "the City of Manchester, in the county of Lancas- ter." ARRIVAL OF THE GREAT BRITAIN.--This splendid screw steamer arrived at Liverpool from Australia, on Saturday week, after a pas- sage of 88 days, including all detentions. She brought 260 passengers, and 103,732 ounces of gold. THE WAY OF THE WORLD.--Louis XVIII. was a gastronomer of the first water, and had the Duc d'Escar for his 'grand maitre d'hotel,' a man whose fortunes were hardly on a par with his deserts. He died inconsolable at not having given his name to a single dish, after devoting his whole life to the culinary art. When his best friends wished to wound him mortally they had only to mention the 'Vau ala Bechamel;' 'Gen- tlemen, ' he would exclaim, 'say no more about it, or fancy me the author and inventor of the dish. This French Revolution was necessary, that, in the general break-up, poor Bechamel should be decorated with his glory. 'Entre nous,' he was wholly innocent of any invention whatever. But such is the way of the world! He goes straight to posterity, and your most humble ser- vant will end by leaving no token of remembrance behind him.' INDIFFERENCE TO RIDICULE.--It is an im- mense blessing, in the prosecution of any great work, to be perfectly callous--as a distinguished man used to remark--to ridicule; or, which amounts to the same thing, to be conscious tho- roughly that what we have in us of noble, and delicate, and pure, is not ridiculous to any but fools and bad men; and that, if fools will laugh, wise men will do well to let them. In any good or great enterprise, heed not the ridicule of the empty, or the gibes of the profane. Go steadily and quietly on, and let them laugh or diride as they please. PROBLEM FOR PARTICULAR PEOPLE.--The Glasgow Citizen has a correspondent, one of whose friends saw a monument in a Highland strath bearing the following inscription:-- "Here lies Alexander M'Pherson, Who was a most superior person; He was six feet two without a shoe, And was slew at Waterloo." Can any "superior person" explain how Alex- ander's remains made their way from Waterloo to the Highlands of Scotland? 