A WHISPER TO GENTLEMEN. ( From the Ladies Own Journal and Miscellany , April 30. ) Jupiter Amnion ! don't 1 wish I was a man ! just . to show the masculines how to play their part in the world a little better ! In the first place there ain't a mother's son of you that has got as far at. ABC in the art of making love (and I've seen a few; abortions in that way myself, , as well as the rest of the sisters). What woman wants to. be told that ' her feet and eyes are pretty,' or 'her form and eyes bewitching?' Just as if she didn't ' sbbii las slie is tall eiiougii to. peep into a looking-glass ! JVo, you ineffable donkey, if you must use the small coin of flattery to pay toll at the bridge of her affections, let me whisper a secret in your long ears. " .Compliment her upon some mental attraction she does not possess (if you can find one !) and don't wear the knees of your pet pants threadbare -at her feet, trying to make her Jfelieve she is your 'first love.' We all know that is among the things that were, after you are out of jackets and trousers. What a splendiferous husband I (Fanny) should make, to be sure, had Providence so ordained it! Do you suppose that when the mother of. my glorious boys wanted a sixpence to buy their shoe strings, I'd scowl at her like a hyena, and pull my portemonnaie out of my pocket as if I were drawing a tooth ? Do you suppose, when her blue eyes grew lustreless and the rose paled on her fair cheek, trotting round the domestic-tread-mill day after day, that I'd come home at night sulky and silent, and smoke my cigar in her tace till. her. eyes were as red as rabbits' ? or take myself off to a club or a game at nine-pins, or any other game, and leave her to the exhilirating relaxation of darning my stockings ? Do you suppose that I'd trot along like a loose pony at her side, in the street, and leave her to keep up with me or not, as her strength would permit? Do you suppose I'd fly into a passion, and utter words to crush the life from out of her young heart, and then insult her by offering her a healing plaster in the shape of a new bonnet ? And don't you suppose, when \- the anniversary of our wedding-day came round, I'd write a dainty little note, and leave it on her toilet-table, to let her know I was still a married lover ? Pshaw! I'm sick of you all! You don't deserve the love of a generous, high- souled woman. If you want a house-keeper, hire one, and be done with it. If you want a wife but you don't. ' One woman will do as well as another to sew on your buttons, and straps and strings, and make your puddings, and — so on and so forth. Do you suppose we have cultivated our minds, and improved the bright and glorious gift of intel lect to the best of our capacity, to minister only to your physical wants? Not a bit of it! When that's over, we want something rational. Do you ever think of that, you selfish wretch ! when you stretch your legs right across the fireplace, reading the newspaper all to yourself? or sit from tea-time till ten o'clock, staring the ashes in the grate out of countenance? Lord Harry ; if I had such a block of a husband, I'd scare up the Ghost of a lover somewhere, if there's any wit in woman. Fanny Fern. The Black Sand of ihe Mines.— Sonora, March 29, 1852.— My nearest neighbour is a high German Doctor, deeply skilled in all the mysteries of the Rosicrucians, the Ethiopians, and the High Fan tods. Though he does not lay claim to having discovered the philosopher's stone, he has certainly found a golden egg in the nest of the alchemist. His way is to buy up of the miners the black sand which they have been accustomed to throw away, and by a skilful combination of acids to dissolve the gold that is in it in a state too fine to be saved by any other process. By this process he is able , to find what is not otherwise discoverable, and in his experiments he finds a great deal to confirm what I said in a previous letter in relation to the existence in the ground of an immense quantity of gold in an impalpably fine powder. With the aid of acids he is enabled to obtain every particle of gold, for the finer it is the more readily it is dissolved J>y the acids after which it is precipitated. He tells me that by this process he cannot only find gold in the sand, but in the common earth, which will not give ' the colour' by any means of washing. It is true that it is generally in very small quantifies, not enough to pay, unless it is in rare locations, yet the fact is none the less 'proved that gold in the finest powder is diffused through out the soil ; and the question arises how can it be saved most effectually ? It will probably never pay to save it by a chemical process, for the cost of acids is so great that the sand must be rich — indeed io make it a profitable business at this time. The most that can ever be done, as it seems to me is, to improve on the sluice-washing,— to have abundance of clear water, and have the sluices very long, and towards the lower end yery wide so that the waiter should spread out in a very thin sheet, and underneath this to have a cloth lining on the bottom, so that the. fine particles would be forced into the interstices, and there remain until it might be advisable to take up the cloth and wash the fine gold from it. Though I lay no claim to mechanical ingenuity I can see clearly enough that there is room for improvement in the matter of goM-washing. It may ; be that -other parts of the state are in advance of this, and as it is a sub ject of vast practical importance, I hope to see others more competent give the subject the at- tention it deserves. — Correspondent of the Alta Cali fornia. Our Fortifications. — Although scarcely any novelty is more perplexing to an unpractised eye than a fortification, the general idea of towers of strength is one behind which a peace-loving people loves to entrench itself. In stone forts and iron guns placed along the Channel, there is a sort of comfortable, tangible assurance of safety which delights the national mind. Ne feel like the householder who hears the bolt shoot loudly into its socket, and the chain clatter against the door post. If we guard our coasts at all, we must guard them well ; and if we protect our naval arsenals and seaports, we certainly ought to make thern as unassailable as any place can be made by industry and skill. In this matter, however, much remains to be done. No one acquainted with the fortifica tions or Paris, or with the works of Ehrenbreitstein or Konigstein, could learn without astonishment that the united kingdom, with its thousands of miles of sea board, has spent on its fortifications, during the last five and thirty years, no more than an annual average of £16,000. Up to 1846, indeed, we were content with the very moderate expenditure of £13,000 a year — enough, perhaps, to erect one extra bastion to command the Seine, the Rhine, or the Elbe. In that year, however, we began to take alarm, and since then we have laid out about £32,000 annually on our fortifications. At length we set to work in earnest, and somewhat more than £150,000 in excess of the demand in 1852, is to be expended under the head , of " Fortifications." £60,000 is to be devoted to improving the defences of the harbour of Alderney, £12,000 to the protec tion of Milford Haven, and £5,000 to that of Port land harbour ; while about £50,000 will be spent in defending Portsmouth and the adjacent coasts ot Sussex and the Isle of Wight. Closing the lines at Devonport, with the erection of a new barrack, will cost £23,000. The port of Liverpool and the channel of the Thames are each to be protected — the former by a new battery a,t the cost of £10,000, and the latter by various works at an estimated cost of £5,000 ; and £30,000, is to be laid out on the defences of Dover and the coast of Kent. These sums are to be regarded as the arrears of long neglect. We are now paying for past care lessness ; but when-, we have once placed our coasts in a really defensible position, our expenditure will again admit of decrease.— \- Chronicle . Reduction of Postage to the Colonies. — It is intended to reduce the postage of letters for every part of the British dominions abroad to the uniform rate of sixpence the half-ounce. The present average postage of colonial letters is not less than fourteen pence. Very shortly, therefore, it will be in the power of any of our readers to drop a letter into the box to his friend on the slopes of the Himalaya, or at Mount Alexander, or at Vancouver's Island, or at Toronto, with the certainty, as far as the whole power of Government can secure it, of having an answer back at the cost, for the postage of two letters of one shilling. The answer from across the Atlantic will probably be within a month that from Silma or Lahore within three months, and that from the Antipodes within half a year. A party of emigrants sailing this week may hope to arrive at Geelong or Adelaide soon after Mid summer, and about Michaelmas their friends at home, supposing the arrangement completed, may hope to receive full accounts of their voyage and safe arrival at the moderate cost of sixpence. Let people talk as they please of the sun never setting on our dominions, and of the British flag waving over every sea and every shore, nothing brings before our mind so forcibly the fact that we are everywhere, and that everywhere we represent the spirit of progress, as this little type of universal power— this letter given to the village postman in March, with an answer from mid Asia, in June. Lord Canning stated the government intention as \ follows :— Government will., invite the Legislatures of those colonies which have the control of their . own postal affairs, to say whether they will agree to a reduction of postage on the following terms : — The rate upon .all letters to be 6d. the oz.— - this rate to include all charges, i.e., inland postage i ' in the United Kingdon, sea transit, and inland postage in the colony — prepayment to be obtained ; in the case of letters .carried by packets supported (as now) by the mother5 .country, the proceeds of postage to be divided ih the proportion of 5d. to the mother country (Id. for inland, and 4d. for sea carriage), and Id. to the colony; in the event of the Colonial Government supporting the packet, this proportion to be reversed ; in the case of ship letters, the rate to be divided equally between the mother country and the colony (3d. to each), as no expense of sea transit will attach to either ; the rate upon all newspapers to be Id. The Govern ment expect that before an answer is received from the colonies the examination and revision of the Packet Service Estimate will be concluded, and that should the answer be favourable they will be ready to act upon it. Newspapers, it seems, are to pay Id. At present they are free, unless when sent by private ship, and we are unwilling to believe that it is intended, while making so great a reduction upon the conveyance of letters, to impose an entirely new charge upon that of news papers. It certainly would do us, and we humbly think the British public also, a very great injury if one stamp did not continue to clear the post. — . News of the World. 