REASONS •FOR SUBSCRIBING TO THE EXCLUSIVE TEACHING AKO AUTHORITY OP THE HOLY CATHOLIC CHUBCH BY John Athaka- ,-sius COOKE, Esa., BANISTER-AT-LAW. tto. I. At a mature period df life (the age of thirty-six) I experienced the happiness of hearing, and afterwards attentively reading, Ihe lectures delivered by Dr. W iseman, at St, Mary's, in Moorfields, on the doctrines and practices of the Catholic Church, and it was in a very early stage of the examination ot these doctrines .into which .those lectures led me, that 1 became convinced of the gross misrepresentations concerning Catholic tenets which prevail among Protestants; such, for instance, as that indulgences can be granted a6-licences to aexcuse sins to be committed; that absolution for sins committed or to be committed, can be purchased-with money, that the angels and saints are worshipped with supreme or divine honour; and that the images ot Jcsub Christ, the Blessed Virgin, and the saints arc adored by Catholics, as possessing an innate and divine power. I discovered that Dr. Wigeman's lectures embodied a clear, distinct, and complex refutation of these calumnies and a 'discaimer ol these absurdities ; and they proved that the Catholic Church rerar did <o hold or teach; fe ittha <m tbe contrary, what the Catholic Church teaches on these subjects, is, tbat no indulgence can be granted for any such purpose as is pretender oy Piotestaata, and that even past sins are not pardoned by an iodnlgenoe. 1 found by Catholic catechisms, taut before any person can have the feeuefit of a plenary indulgence,{which is4efined to be a remission ot the temporal puuisltmont due to sins, uftur those sins, as to the gui t and eternal punishment, are forgiven by tho sacrament ot penance) be must be in a state of grace, confess, and receive the holy communion, and perform the conditions required for gaining the indulgence whilBt be is iu the stats of grace- I found that' all the prayer-books in use among the laity stated the conditions upon which such an ludni geuce is to be gained; which conditions consist, in addition to those aborementione', in prayer, alms, and other works oi Christian charity. I then learnt, that in regard to tbe absolution pronounoed in the sacrament of penance, what the Catholic Chuich most clearly teaches is, that with out sincere repentance, accompanied with a , determination that the sinner never again ! by the help <if God's grace, to commit «in, i and which is so beautifully expressed in tho Catholic act or contrition*) the absolution which the priest, as the minister of God, may pronounce upon a person presuming to approach him in the tribunal of penance,— without such true contrition and determination, so far from being of even tho slightest advantage to the pretended nenitcnt, adds to his guilt the terrible crime "of saciilaga by his abuso of this Becratneut, and this not-s withstanding he may hive made ihe fullest 4 disclosure of his tins. that, in the invocation of the augels and saints, they are to be emreated to become mpptianti on thoir behalf to Almighty God; and I at once saw, that this communion of saints must be felt by every Catholic ti be a most powerful incentive to charity and mutual affection among all w%o profess and practice MB creed. 1 saw this communion of saints, and this interchange of good offices, existing among living Catholics in a most eminent decree! I 6aw many pious Catholics, when about to engage in a work which they desired Almighty God to crown with success, or when desiring an increase of grace and fortitude to enable them to bear patiently the crosses ol this life, constantly request and have the prayers of their living bretliera. fsaw that no distinction in worldly raokor fortune was & barrier to this interchange of brotherly charity. I felt this practice to be so heavenly in ite nature, and so strictly in accordance with the command of our divine Redeemer, that we should love ono another, us well as BO consoling of tne mind of man, that I believed, and ever sbull believe it, us proving its own diviuo origin. I then considered the respect paid by Catholics to holy images. 1 discoveied what the Catholic believes, through the teichinz of bis Church, is, tliifc it is both lawful and edifying to look upon a crucifix, pic- ure,'.or any other representation of Christ, his blessed mother, and of saints, with respect and honour, always referring that respect and honour ultimately to Almighty God, and so as to excite or increase in the mind the inward feelings of love towards God. Thus, if the image or other representation be of JesuB Christ—for instance, a crucifix,—the respect is paid on ac.-ount of, and terminates in Him, whose sufferings for our sake are thereby represented; and it appeals to the min<l as au open book, which may be road and regarded as well by the illiterate as the learned ; —such a representation bringing to the mind the goodness and merey of Almighty God towards man-in this atoning sacrifice; and if the image or representation be of the Blessed Virgin, the respect ot the beholder also terminates in God, who sanctified her by making her the tabernacle ol the Holy Ghost—her, who bore the high dignity of Mother of God,—her, who, in the annunciation of that dignity was by tho anjel Gabriel addressed i>y tho salutation-" HAIL ! full of <?mce. our Lard is ivit/i thee I Blesncd art tkou amonget women !"—und who, by her own holy lips declared, that ull;jcnc/atiwix skstdd call her blessed. 1 f'outid also, ttiat the Catholic Church did not tiu .h th;il tbe iimgeaor representations of Christ and his 8a<nts, contain in the:iiselves, any virtue or power to aid those wh-> keep of look upon them, and 1 felt tbat, as tve often tin, through the unlawful use of Bight, it must be consoling to us to think and to experience that, through a pious use of the tame sense, and by fixing our eyes on any image or representation of the snSbrings and humility of Jesus Christ, or of the Blessed Virgin Mother of God, we may, iu one moment. raise in our minds those feelings of resignation, humility, and chaiity, which may suppress a nsin/ sm, or, it me sin b-' already committed, may lead us to an immediate act of contrition.J- One cnnsequeucii of these discoveries and the reflections which they produced, was, that my atfeution was drawn to the state of Protestant society in this country, and indeed, in every Dther country in "which Protestantism exists, and to the total, aud according to the protesting principle, the inevitable absence of any authority over Protestants, to control or condemn those divisions which bare always arixen, and mist necessarily continue to arise, ai.d increase, throughout every Protef-Hnt society. UpoD my attention being thud, for tho first time, seriousiy drawn to the tuliject, and upondiscorerjiigtheinis-i-. prnseDiatioas of Catholic principles, so 'nur, 1 1 hive rc rrred, 1 felt it to be due, not o..Iy to tii.js •'•/;- rity of my own rternr.l '.velt.iro, b t to the Catholic religion, whic;t L f.mud u, b;iv: been so crnelly miErcpre-eu'ci, t-i p-onecute an inquiry into the docli itieB tf ihu Oalholic Church. I prayed v< Almlgh y G-uri lor his guidance iu this inquiry, and 1 fui ni"d a determination to embrace the Oath jlic religion, in the event of tlrtt guidance ietding my mind to the coavictiou uiai it was the true one ; for of this I felt > atitfied. that as there is but ono faith, there cr.uld but be one true Church or depositary of th&t; faitlL In the progress of this enquiry (in whi ib I conferred with several clergymen) aud ia contrasting the articles and ctate of the religion in which 1 had been educated, and the hideouB misrepresentations of Catholic doctrines by Protestants with the true principles of the Catholic Church, aud the • The act of contrition here referred to is as follows : " Oh, my God! for the sake ot tbe sovereign goodness and^iuSnite protec. tion, which 1 love above all thiugs, I am exceedingly sorry, from tiie bottom of my heart, aud am grieved for having offended by my sins, this thy iufiuite t^uo luess; and I firmly resolve, by the assistance of tby grace, never more to offend thee for the time to come, and carefelly to avoid all occasions of Bin." t It cannot be" doubted that Almighty God has in many instances, been pleased to manifest his power, and work his miracles. through the instrumentality of the relics of his saints and inauimite ihinEs. This is attested by an authority, to which even Protestants. acting upon their own principles, must'bow, namely, the Holy Scriptures. The following instances will suffice to show this : —The instrumentality of ihe rod of Moses in working miracles. (Exodus vii.) Tho miraculous effects of applying the mantle of ICliis, after he-*vas .taken up-into heaven. (2 Kings li. 14.) The restoration of life to a dead body on its touching the bones of i'.liseus (2 liinjjs xiii. 21.) The miraculous cure of a womnu who only touched the hem of our Lord's garment (Matt. ix. 21.) The miraculous power imparted to the shadow of St. Peter (Acts v. IB.) The miracleB effected by the napkins and handkerchiefs tU&t; had only touched the body of St. Paul, in casting out devils, and curing diseases (Acts xix. 22.) Now, what candid Protestant can venture to assert that an Eternal God is not equa'ly powerful now as when the miracles recorded in the Holy Scriptures were performed, or that the relics of his favoured servants tn.vy not he limited with the respect with the respect which C vthoSics pay to them, even if he will not admit with Luther, what -every Catholic believes, ani what even Luther himself admitted, namely, a conti- Hued m-jnilo.:titiou of (J.id's word, truth, aud power,in the same m-inuer. It is not itnuia tcriulttn this subject to observe that Lather, who is continually cta<meil by the Churclv of liiigliaid as one of its fathers, admits the continuance of miracles to his day- Hi words on this subj ct are—" A quo didicimus, ot aocepiiuus. ut ffifernum verbum et vcritateui Dei hactenus millc quingentis fliinis miraculis ctsignis concessaniesconiirmattun."—Lather, torn vii,, cap. De Judait'fl eorunt mcmfaeiic, spirit and praotios of unity therein, I soon perceived, in a light in which I had never before observed them, the many conflicting aects existing among Protestants, those Aects continually increasing and subdividing, and each of them entertaining doctrines of the most opposite characters, and expressing towards the others feelings of tbe bitterest hostility, although they all laid claim to the name of Protestant, end all rested, or prnlessed to rest, their rospeotive and opposing systuuvs upon the sole authority of the Uuly Scriptures. 1 saw these sects commencing iu this country wiLh the *• Clinich of England" having its modern thirty-nine aiiiclea, whioh -some of its gi palest, and ti led supporters and ministers did not scruple to call urticies of " the pence," as contradistinguished from " articlea of faith,J" and theuce progressing, uitil thny arrived at Socmiamsm. 1 also observed, that even am- in; the members of tho Church of Englaud. how very few to- k the trouble of considering, or eveu of roading, its thirty nine article), or understood the doctrines ot the Catholic Church,to which the exceptive and dissenting malts of "Protestant" was applied ; a duly most unquestionably incumbent on those who separate themselves, or who may have been ^educated in a separated state, from the ancient Church, especially when their own Church disclaims infallibility in teaching. I also remarked how many, even among my own acquaintance, without any scruple, repudiated tbe Atbanasian Creed, of whioh even the eighth article of the Church of England protesses to enforce the belief. I witnessed bow often tho recital of this creed was omitted in the chorehes of tho Kstablishmeut, on those days which were appointed for its recital; how, also, mtwy in a congregation have, on the occasion of its bein£ publicly read, closed taeir books, or iu some other marked manner, evinced their dissent irom it, and, notwithstanding this, assirteJ themselves, and were allowed by their clergy, to be members of the Church of Englaud, ai by law established, and supporters of its polititic.il power. And this is not the only iD- Btnucs in which the clergy and laity of the Church of England evince thou-dissent from •what their prayer-book prescribes. I will take the practice of fasting as one instance. In the Church of Roland prayer-book, days are noted to be observed as days of fasting and abstinence. Now, it is "evident that Piotust&nts; of the Church of England do not fast, except in so.ne instances, on Good Friday, when they abtain from llesh meat; and that, notwjthsrandiug the table of fasting days, and days of abstinence, to be found iu their prayer-book, they condemn fasting as a superstitious practice ; and even the clergy of the Establishment eat flesh meat on Fridays, and most other days noted in their own table, as days of fasting and abstinence. The next instance in whioh Protestants, both clergy and laity reject their own prayer- btok (aud I refer to these things to show how the Protestantism of the " Church of England" is consistent with nothing but inconsistency) is in the form of the Visitation ot the Sick, and the auricular Confession therein pointed out and prescribed. If there is one subject on which a Catholic is attacked by Protestants more than another and wherein his feeiings are shocked by the fl pptint manner in wuich it is treated by them, it is that of auricular confession. I have often conversed with Protestants on other doctrines of the Catholic Church, and have almost invariably fjund, that whin their argument have been exhausted aud answered on one subject of Catholic docirinoand faith, they endeavour to attack tais, to a Catholic, most holy aud comfortable duty of auricular confession , but it is surprising to find bow very few of the Protestants are aware of tbe passage in their OCT prayer-book to which 1 refer ; it is found in their servico ior the Visitation of the Sick, and is as follows :— [" Here shall tfce sick person be moved to make a special coutession of his sins, if he shall feel his conscience troubled with anyweighty matter. ATTER WHICH CONFESSION, THE PHIE T SHALL AUSDLVE HIM (if be humbly and heartily desire it), after this sui t " Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to hie Church to ahaoCve all sinners who truly repent and believe in him, of his great mercy forgive thee thine offenoes: and by his au'hoiity, committed to me,.l absolve thee fro.n all thy sine, in the name ot tho Father, a:„i of the Son, and of the iloly Uhust. jhiiin.'") In prac::cc, this onfesEion is not made a'coijg I'i w-rants ; or it tuere bo any isul.ited insU. Cisoi jca being made, it is not c-jjiside.'c I , ejeially iu the nature ufeveua " cohSde^-iol communication ;"—so that if a tick nil irh ^tiid c^nfe^s a etn 11 a oiergvinau of the Eita.blisU.nuut, mid afterwards recover, tiiiacu- jfie^ucnce would ensue—that tuero no duty ot secresy which precludes the clergyman irom disclosing the crimes conf s;ed to him, aud bringing t,Ue uian before the iriouuuis of the country; aud that, couir irv t,, the boasted principle ot ICugliali law, Lh.it uu man shall be compelled to criminate himself; and if the clergyman happened -to be also a magistrate, he would actually labour under a special and sworn obligation to disclose the matters confessed to him; and then he might, as a temporal .judge, condema the person, who bad confessed to hiin -s a tujniater-of religion, to a punishment in f aspect of a crime winch had been disclosed to him upon his orrn earnest motion and entreaty. Now, 1 would entreat those who consider this subject, to go along with me in seeing the absolute impiety ana the trilling nature ot this prescribed confession in tho Church of bngland, even if it was made to exist in practice, and then contrast it witbjthe Catholic doctrine and practice. Every Catholic is taught to feel that he cannot worthily receivj -tu; holy communion, or tain the is :nefit of an indulgence, if he be in tli3 state of sin, or without a previous coulession of his sins to tho minister of G-ud; -and he is also taught, that he should be moved thereto by the lore of, and tro:n the ho:ror arising from hiihaviug offiude I, Goi, and nut merely irom ihe dread of punishment, or the fear of approaching death ; but, in the Church of England, their auricular coalession is not prescribed until the inan be sick, it may be with his memory impaired, his general (acuities deadened or deranged, aud wlien lie is morally and physically unahiotoform an act of contrition ; and, therefore, -unable to comply with the " moving"' request of the minister. is not this, I ask, a cruel mockery, if it be not also an absolute impiety? The Church ot England either does or does noj 1 J See Boswell's Life of Dr. Johnson, vol. ii.*p. 89, and the reference in a note there. to the expression of Dr. Simon Patrick (afterwards Pro estant Bishop ot Kly) edit. 1 AiG. The note here referred to is as follows:—" Dr. Simon Patrick (afterwards Bishop of ttlyj thus expresses himvelf on this subject in a letter to the learned Dr. John Mupletoft, dated February 8th, 18S2- .3. ' 1 a'ways took the [30] articles to be only articles of communion; and so Bishop Bramhall {a Protestant] expressly maintains against the Bishop of Chalcedun; and I remember wollthatthe [Protestant] BUh >p Sauudet son, when the king [Charles, the Secomi J was first restored, received the sub- Msrjptiou of au ucou uniance of mine, which he t.ecljired wiis not to them, as articles of "filth," but " i-K.'.ci:." J think you need inako no scruple of the matter, because all thai I how no understand the the meaning of ; i;tt:jn, and upon othe r terms would not sabecrtbe.' Tne a : )i>ve was printed some yaiut ago, in the European Magazine, irom thc <r .giija!, now in tho hands ot Mr.Mapletolt, tu goou, at Chertsoy, grandson LO Dr. John M&pletolt.;" believa in the «ffioaev of auricular oontession ; if she does not believe in ita efficacy, I ask, why does the passage above quoted now stand in her prayer-book, and who placed it, and why was it placed there ? and did those who plaoed it there, believe as the minister* and iaity of the Church of England n»w believe ana teach 1 but, if the 1 Church of England does believe iu tbe efficacy of what it recommend* to be done in its own prayer-book, why, in tho uaineuf truth, just ice, and consistency, is the auricular confession therein prescribed, delayed to the hour of human infirmity, it may bo of imbecility ? But 1 forbear, because, as a Catholic, it is not for mo to solicit the Church of England to reconcile contradictions; but, as a Catholic, it is my right to demand of, at least, that sect of Protestants who constitute what is called " the Church as by taw established," not to revile the Catholic, who, surrounded by the temptations of the world, in the Bpring, the summer, ana the autumn, as well as in the winter ot his life, ia health, as well as in sickness, resorts to the tribunal of penance, and there, to the duly authorized minister of God, humbly, and with a determination not to ain again, confesses his past sins, and receives with a due disposition the holy absolution through the mirtiifiy of those to -whom oar blessed Redeemer has declared, "tha', whensoever sins they should remit should be isroitted, and whosesoever sins they should ntain should be retained; "§ and who. by the particular confession made to him. knows wiiat sins he iB called up >n to loose, and when it may bs prudent, for a time, at least, to dday absolution, IN OW, if the clergy of the Church of England, in itead of blinding these questions, were openly to declare their belief to be in accordance with every part of their own prayer-book, I am convinced that it would apprar bow very fen, in truth, of those wh? ate classed as members of that Church would submit to such teaching. Indeed, if subscription or non-subscription to the liturgy is to bs considered as any criterion ot a person being or not being a member of a Church, it is fair to presume, that the members of the Church of England would, if exposed to this test, in numbers dwindle into a most insignificant •set; for I myself have never conversed with a single Protestant, speaking on the subject of the auricular confession prescribed in the r service far the visitation of the sick, who did not, when it was pointed out to bim. unhesitatingly declare his unqualified dissent irom it. i felt tbe weight of these considerations, and I naturally asked myself this question: — Whettier the system of Protestantism, a system thus evidently, in its chief sect, so accommodating to the pride of human, and of even individual reason,—a system which thus temporises with it* own liturgy and articles—could be the treasure- house of the religion of Jeans Christ, or oonld possess the authority of that united Church whioh our blessed Lord fonnded, and on whioh he to evidently conferred the characteristic of infallibility in faith and doctrine, by his promise, that the Holy Spirit should abide in her to the end of time ? and this led me to the consideration of the following questions: —First, does tbe liible, which Protestants maintain as containing (clearly laid down to the comprehension of all capacitieej all that is necessary to salvation, or to be known by Christians, rea'ly contain, so clearly laid down, and, independent of tbe baru assertion ol Protestants themselves, prove itself to contain all that is ncoessary to bo so known ? and, secondly, should the'Bible be submitted, ns u is by the Protestant practio', to tho individual examination and interpretation of all Cnristians, without auy regard lo tb measure of grace, faith, or intellect, of thos 6 to whose interpretation it is so submitted 1 § St. John, XX. 22,23. St. Matt. xviiL 18. S t. Luke, x. 16. [TO nE CONTINUED.] 