MISCELLANEA. -Herapath. —The Spectator. —Edinburgh Courant. — Zenopkon. — Hall- fa[?] Guardian. An old maxim says, “Keep him at least three paces distant who hates music and the laugh of a child." We have heard that the underwriters of Lloyd’s hnring insured tho incoming gold to tho extent of £C,000.000. decline to go lurthor. Talk of civil ami religious tes s !—the true test of admissibility to t!io Commons is po*cr to pay a lavryer'sjjill beyond the power of any petitioner to rival. Letters from Constantinople state that motives of economy have led the Porte to withdraw the allow ance hitherto "ranted to the Hungarian, Walluchian, and Greek refugees. It is announced that the Hon. Spencer Cowpcr is to be married on the Ist of January next, to Lady Harriet D'Orsny, the widow of the late Count D'Orsay, and daughter of the Earl of Blessington. Several of the fashionables of St. Petersburg lately conceived the idea of smoking green tea instead of tobacco, and at all the tcbacco shops in that capital cigarreltes made of it may now be pur chased. Steam-Boat Dialogue.—“ Hallo, Mr. Engine man, can't you stop your stoarn-boat a minute or two?” “Stop the boatl what for?" “Wife wants to look at your boiler—she’s afraid of it’s bursting." A Indy, well known in the first society in Paris, has just died of an unknown and mysterious malady. On a post-mortem examination, it wus discovered that throe ribs were crushed into the liver, the result of tight lacing. Tbo Church and Slate Gazette proposes that “ one afternoon in the week shall be devoted,” by law, “ to the purposes of a national holiday, and thus all excuse to be taken away for “desecration of the Sabbath.” ‘Mn, has your tongue got logs ?’ ‘Got what, child?’ ‘ Gotlegs, ma V ‘Certainly m-t; but why do yon ask that silly question?' ‘.Oh, nothing: only I beard pa say your tongue was running from morning till night,’ Tnc coach which travels from Barnsley to Shef field has a female guard. At tbo crown of the hill she alights with all the dexterity of an old guard, puis on the slipper, calls out “all right,” and bounces into her seat as the coach is mo ring on. Mr. Edward Miall, M.P., has in preparation a work to arrest the attention of all speculative think ers, to bo called, “ The Basis of Belief, or an Exam ination of the Claims of Christianity ns a Divine Revelation in the Light of Becoguired- Fact and Principle.” Mohe Aggression,—A day or two since—our blood boils as we write it—several smacks ware taken by a British naval officer in Boston Harbour; and, what is worse than all, the smacks were taken from a young lady! Where’s President Pierco?— American Paper. A Caki.se Revolutionist.—The sbirri at Rome lately compelled an English lady to take a sprig of myrtle from cfflhc neck of her favorite dog, giv ing her to understand that tho dog was white, his tongue red, and tho wreath green, thus completing tho Italian tricolor V- ' The largest and heaviest boiler plates ever made in England were rolled on Thursday and Friday of last week, at Messrs, Hood and Cooper’s ironworks, Leodsi Each plate when finished weighed upwards of I ton 10 cwt. These arc tho largest and heaviest ever known to have been rolled in Europe. The following epigram was written by Lord Byron on tho anniversary of his marriage “This day of all our days has done Tho worst for mo and you; Tis now six years since wo woio one, And five since wo were two.” Upon meeting a man whom ho recognised in the uniform of tho did regiment, an Irish colonel said, " How’s this ; arn’t you a countryman of mine?’’ “ Faith. I am, your bono “And in the uniform of a Scotch regiment?” “Ye?, your honor; lam what they call a lamb in wolf’s clothing."— Moore's Diary. . Dizzy's f Goon matured Friend.”—“ There » a great deni of absurd tallt,” said a frion I of s, *• about Ben’s cribbing that speech from Tti ers. Poor Bo,), 'twas only a change of diet. The fuot is, he had eaten so many of his own words, that he thought he should rclissi a few of the Frenchman’s,‘ Punch, ■ . . . Tug Exbtkk Hail Ring.—Dr. Gumming is l al ways challenging Cardinal Wiseman to meet him— ami Cardn al Wiseman is always too. wise, or loo:in dignant, or 100 frightened, to accept the invitation; Amongst religious *iwring circles* these two belli gerents nre known by the names of The ma i tlait'e al’Vsys Gumming, and H Tho-maa ili n -it viiys iivjldg.Camming.—“ Punc.i. Burns’s Letters to Oborgb Thomson.—Tho very interesting series of letters which Burns ad dressed to tbo late George Thomson was sold on" Wednesday. The volume was put up at two hun dred and sixty guineas. The purchaser is an Eng lish nobleman, whoso name has not yet transpired. The £I 'UOleft by Dr. Franklin to tho city of Bos ton (U. S.) to bo lot at interest toyoung unmarried artisans, in sums not exceeding £0 • sterling, now amounts to 13,280 dols, 33c. Franklin estimated that it wouid roach 581,040 dots, in one hundred years, bnt owing to losses it will probably reach about 400,000 dols. As one test of the comfortable circumstances of all classes of the country, the returns just publish ed by the registrar of births, marriages, and deaths, show that during the last quarter of 1832, above 04,000 marriages were oelebratpd, a number greater than have over been registered in England for a similar period. Four tradesmen of Christchurch appeared before the local Magistrates in May last to answer the charge of publishing a seditious libel against the Government, by exhibiting in tboir windows the placards issued by the Peace Society against the j Militia. The defendonts were bound over to appear the next assizes at ’Winchester. Soult axd ms Picture. —One day when showing his ‘ collection’ to Colonel Garwood, Soult stopped before a certain Murillo, and observed, ‘I value that picture much; it saved the lives of two estim able men.” An aid-de-camp whispered in Gar wood’s ear— ‘ He threatened to have them both shot if they did not send the painting.’ The Ruuxo Passiox. Mr. O. was a most invet erate punster Lying very ill of the cholera, his nurse proposed to prepare a young tender chicken. • Hadn’t you better have an old hon ? said G. in a low whisper, for he was too ill to speak louder, ‘ for she would be more apt to lay on ray stomach. ’ G. foil back exhausted, and the nurse fainted. A pickpocket was captured last week in Leeds by a most ingenious device. 11-> had stolen some money from a female, who, afraid of charging him with the theft on the spot, quietly stuck a pin iu his smock frock, and informed the police, who, from her de scription, soon arrested tho culprit, with the talc tollin" pin exactly where tho quick- witted woman i had placed it. One of tho members of the Lancashire Militia dis played so much awkwardness during his first drill, that the sergeant struck him over the knees as a chastisement for his inefficiency. Such stern dis cipline did not suit the loyal volunteer, who hastily replied, “I say Mister Sogeo.yon munna do’t again, or I shall go back t’coalpit, and I’m blessed if thou’ll catch mo here.” A dealer >n ra»s, bones, metals, &o; , residing at Oswestry, found the other day, when ex training his purchases of the day, a piece much heavier Ilian tho others according to its bulk ; bo took a small piece to a watchmaker to know what it was, when, to his sui prise, ho found it was gold. Ho wont to Birming ham by first train, and got £4O in lieu ; he will hot confess whom he bonght it from. An ingenious Frenchman has calculated that the space which a young Parisian bolle, who is foud of dancing, traverses in the saloons of Paris, when only performing centre dunces, amounts in one season, to four hundred miles. Ho has also estimated that a French lady, fond of waltzing, will spin round in one week as often ns the wheel s of a steamboat re volve in going from Calais to Dover. A Ghost Story. —A philosophic and self possessed ship captain was passing through n churcnynrd at midnight, when a sheeted ghost rose up behind a tombstone and approached him with menacing ges tures. Tho ancient mariner coolly raised his stick and gave him a crack over the side of tho head, asking him ‘ What he meant by being out of his grave at so late an hour?’ A Tooth oy Shaksi’Eße.— Mr. Gardiner, n cele brated musical amateur, gave £lO for a tooth of Shakspcre. After it had been in his possession about fourteen years, be exhibited it one evening to a cele brated surgeon, who discovered that it was the tooth of a calf! However, as it cost's© much money, tho virtuoso still retains it, and will not bo persuaded that ho was imposed upon. When I consider tho boundless activity of our minds, tho remembrance wo have of things past, our foresight of what is to come—when I reflect on the noble discoveries and vast improvements by which those minds have advanced arts and sciences—l am entirely porsua-Jed, and out of all doubt, that a nature which has in itself a fund of somany excellent things, cannot possib)y_bc mortal. Catching a Tartar. — A countryman, passing over the Pont Neuf at Paris, and seeing among a heao of sliops full of merchandise, that of a banker, in which there was nothing but a man silting at table with a pen and ink, had tho curiosity to go in and inquire what it was be sold?’’ “Asses' heads,” replied the banker. “They must bo in great re quest,” said tho countryman, “ since you have only your own left.” M. Place, the French consul, who is charged with tho excavations on the silo of Nineveh, after pro claiming the Empire, gave a banquet consisting of quarters of oxen and sheep roasted entire, and heaps of pillo v to the Arab tribes of the neighbourhood, In the plain of Khorsabad. It was followed by a scries of Arab dances, tho orchestra placing themselves on a hugo Assyrian bull, with a human head, just be fore dug from tho ruins of Nineveh. Just Cause and Impediment.— A handsome young Yankee pedlar made love to a bnxom widow of Pennsylvania. Hu accompanied his declaration wish un allusion to two impediments to their union. “Name them,” said tho widow. “The want of moans to set up a retail store," They parted, and the widow sent the pedlar a cheque for ample menu When they met again the pedlar had- hired and stocked bis store, and the smiling fair one bogged to know tho oilier impediment. “ I have got another wife.” Interesting Oebeuonv.—On Monday, the paro chial authorities of St. George's in<ho East executed that portion of Mr, Ilaino’u will whioo nireeis that out of a fund bequeathed by him ,£IOO shall be annually given ns a marriage portion to a young woman -who, having been educated in the schools which ho endowed, shall he host recommended by tho master and mistress whom she shall have sinco served. Hone Wilson was married at St. George’s ChurchTo William Dean, and afo -rwurds received one hundred sovereigns at the asylum of Bainc's Charity, , A Hist prom Berms. —In the article of cloth, ex ported to the Unite i States alo ic, the American im port tables show un increase of Gorin.m oloth from 10.012 thsilcrs, in 1810, to 1,111,25£i thalers in 1861; while Belgian clotn.rose from 03, ISO ouly to 178,032; and English cloth actually sank from 1.400, 380 in 1810, to 3,780.070 thalers. Probably the gentle men of Coeds and the west of England will “ search carefully if theso-things he so and if so, why so. The German clothiers utiribu e this success to the superior-excellence of their blue black oye. to their production of a firm o oso-wuven body of cloth, met low, and a short nap, bearing a n .turn) gloss, not duo to too much dressing mid devilling, mid affirm that Uio Americans prefer light cloths posaesdiig | the ab >vo desiderata to thick heavy goods.- • Tub Media, of Divinitt,— Thoro aro two books from which I divinity, tho written one of God, and tho other of his servant, nature—that universal and public manuscript, that lies expanded to tho eyes of nil. Those who never saw him in the one have discovered him in the other. Surely, iho heathen knew better to join and read those mys tical letters, than wo Christians, who oast n more careless eye on these common hieroglyphics, and disdain to suck divinity from tho flowers of nature —' Sir Thomas Brownr.’ The Flag ok of Ohdbslt People.— There are' persons who aro never easy unless they aro putting your books and papers in order—that is according to their notions of the matter; and hide things, lest they should be lost, where neither the owner nor anybody else can find them. This is a sort of mag pie faculty. If anything is loft where you want it, it is called litter. There is a pedantry in housewifery ns well as in the gravest concerns. Abraham Tucker complained that whenever his maid servant had been in his library, he could not sot comfortably to work again for seveuil days.— M. Coste, tho ichthyologist, member of the French Institnte, has deposited 30,000 fecundated eggs of tho salmon of tho Danube (sa/mo hucho) in the es tablishment for the artificial production of lish at lluningen, and they will become excluded or hatched in a short time. A certain number of the same sort of eggs are now in process of being hatched, on the on the artificial system, at tho College de France. Tbo salmon of tho Danube, obtains a length of be tween four and fivo feet, and a weight of from dOlb. to OOlbs., so that its naturalisation in tho waters of France, of which there is no reason to doubt, will bo of considerable importance. Conious Anecdote: Confidence Essential in„ Swimming. —It is mentioned as a remarkable in stance of tho force of imagination, that, at tho Lake Erie catastrophe, one ®f tho porters, George Dana, who never had attempt d to swim in his life, got a life-preserver, which be put on, and jumping into the water, swam 'some fifteen or twenty rods to the binnacle, which was floating in the lake. When he reached it ho lolt tho india-rubber belt, and fyr the first time discovered that lie had forgotten to in flate it. It was, nevertheless, essentially his life preserver, as, without the oonfi.ledce inspired by the knowledge that ho had it on, ho would have been unable to swim a yard. ! Easteun Anecdote.—As a woman was walking, I a man looked at her and followed her. “ Why do you follow me?” sho inquired. “Because I have fallen in love with you.” ho replied. “Why are you in love with me ?” said she, “ my sister is much handsomer; sho is coming after mo. Go and make love to her.’, The man turned back, and saw a woman with an ugly face. Being much displeased, ho turned to the first one and said, “ Why did you toll a falsehood?” “Neither did you speak the truth,” replied she, “for if you were in love with me, why did you leave mo to look upon my sister ?” Mode of Mbasuuino Time in the East. —Tho people of the East measure time by the length of their shadows. Ucnoe, if you ask a man what o’clock it is, he immedimely goes into tho sun, stands erect, then, looking where his shadow ter minates, ho measures the length with his feel, and tells yon nearly tho time. Thus the workmen earnes.ly desiro the shadow which indicates tho time for leaving their work. A person wishing to loavo iiis toil, says, ‘ How long my shadow is in coming!" ‘ Why did yon not come sooner?’ Be cause I wailed for my shadow.’ In the seventh chapter of Job wo find it written —‘As a servant earnestly dcsireth bis shadow.’ Bold Thick. —The “.swell mob” of London do perpetrate robberies with tho most singular inge- I nuiiy and address, and appear never to bo at fault. A lady alighted at the Bank, ascended the steps and entered the vestibule, and presented a check to the j paying teller, received a very large amount of bank notes, which she deposited in her purse and returned to the carriage. Just as she had taken her seat, a gentleman came down iho steps of the bank wilhont his hat, wearing spectacles, and a pen behind bis car, said; —“ Madam, wo have forgotten to take the number of those notes ; will you allow mo to take them off?” She handed him tho notes, and he as cended the steps of the bank and entered tho build ing. Tho lady having waited some time, finally returned to tbe bank, and soon ascertained that no ■ person had been authorised to usk for the notes. A Bottle Stcppee. —Tne Senate and General Assembly of New Jersey have just passed an Act to deprive habitual drunkards of certain social and legal rights, and operating to tho same extent as the Act entitled an “ Act concerning Idiots and Lunatics.” By this enactment it is permissible for tbo Court of Chancery on receiving a representation from parties interested that a citizen is incapable of managing his temporal affairs from habitual drunkenness, to issue a writ similar in power and action to a writdv Lunulico iitqnirendo, appointing a commission for the purpose of ascertaining the truth of the allega tion, If the commission clecido on tho incapacity ami habitual drunkenness of the individual, ho is immediately deprived of all power over his real and personal estate; guardians arc appointed by law 10 manage his affairs ; a will executed by him after or pending such decision of the committee, is of no effect. Whilolevory innkeeper, distiller, or grocer who shall sell liquor to any individual under such l restriction is liable to a fine of tun dollars each time the offence is committed. In short, the habitual' drunkard in New Jersey henceforward may bo treated as an imbecile or lunatic on the strength of proper representations. 