THE POLICE REGISTER. LIQUIDATING A WASHING BILL.--Maria Wil- liams, a handsome brunette, was charged before Mr Vinegar-cruet Dowling, with stealing. Ed- ward Hooper, of the Circular Quay, blacksmith, stated that he missed his coat and handkerchief. In the pocket of the coat were 15s. and a £5 cheque. Policeman D 8 proved the finding of the coat minus the money, and the admission by Maria that she had made free with it. It ap- peared that Maria and the blacksmith dwelt in the same residence, but upon what terms did not appear. Maria asserted that the blacksmith owed her for washing a dozen and a half of shirts, two night-caps, and an odd stocking. As he was rather dilatory in paying her, she pawned the tail-coat to pay herself. Maria was also so unfortunate as to give great umbrage to Mr Dowling, who had either fallen out of bed that morning, or had breakfasted upon pickled ger- kins and vinegar. His Worship sent Maria for trial at the Quarter Sessions. PICKING POCKETS.--A good looking native youth, of that defunct species termed 'cabbage tree-mob,' named William Ayres, was placed at the bar for picking pockets in the Victoria Theatre. It was clearly proved that the prisoner had stolen a dozen of cigars, valued at 1s., from the pocket of Mr A. Walls, of Brickfield-hill, while that person was sitting in the Pit. Ayres let fall a pocket-book and a cigar-case when taken by the Police. These latter articles were not claimed by any person. All the prisoner had to say in defence was, that he was in liquor at the time. He was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour. CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.--George M'Sprien, a stalwart, big-whiskered, moustachoed carpenter, was charged under thc Act with ex-tailing a black Tom cat, the goods and chattels of Mr J. Barnett, of York-street, wine and spirit mer- chant. Mr R. Johnson appeared for the prose- cution. Mr Roberts for the defence. Mr Bar- nett proceeded to describe the exquisite qualities of his Tom cat, in terms which would have deeply affected any elderly spinster lady. He averred that it was a plump cat, of a glossy blackness. It was so tame that it would sit up at table and eat any meat upon which it could lay its claws! By Mr Roberts:--Prosecutor had often given a couple of guineas for a cat, and as much as eight for a dog. Tommy was certainly in the practice of ascending the roof of a night and crying "moll-row" like other Tom-cats. He valued the injured Tom at two guineas. It was an excellent mouser and ratter, and a most faithful, affectionate animal. It answered to the names of Puss or Tom. It was in very delicate health since deprived of its tail, which had been done by the ruthless hands of the defendant. James Scotter, a lively lad, living next door to Mr Barnett, stated that the defendant lived and worked at his father's. On Thursday last the defendant caught Mr Barnett's black Tom-cat, laid it on a block, and chopped off its tail with a chisel and mallet. The defendant was fond of ill-using cats. By Mr Roberts:--As soon as the cat lost its tail it ran off to Mr Barnett's. There were a dozen or two of cats about the place. One or two of them had their tails chopped off, but they were tabbies and tortoiseshells. Mr Roberts, in defence of his client, attempted to awaken the reminiscences of the magistrates as to their juvenile propensities to ex-tail cats. He also pourtrayed in lively colours the annoy- ance caused by Tom-cats in their amatory ram- bles and serenades during the hours of darkness. He believed that a cat was all the better for be- ing deprived of its tail, however unconscious of the benefit the animal might be. The learned gentleman also quoted the opinion of Mr Richard Stubbs, as a venerable authority, and a man of great experience among Tom- cats. Mr Stubbs was aware of the existence of numerous ama- teurs who derived great felicity from hunting cats and obtaining the 'brush'. There was no reason to doubt that the defendant was such an amateur. In spite of Mr Roberts' eloquent and pathetic appeal before a full Bench, in a crowded Court, which seemed to feel intense interest in the cause of the injured cat, the Bench sentenced the de- fendant to be imprisoned with hard labour dur- ing seven days. A (K)NOTTY AFFAIR.--Thomas Mackey, a decent looking mechanic, was placed at the bar before Mr Dowling, charged with stealing the sum of £40, the goods and chattels of Elizaheth Nott, a tall, rough-looking dame in black velvet bonnet and parti-coloured shawl. Sergeant 4 C having given his evidence, Mr Dowling desired the surrounding Indigos to call Mrs Nott. Several Policemen:--Mrs Nott! Missis Nott! Grand Chorus of Policemen:--Mrs Nott! Mrs Nott! Sergeant 4 C:--Yer Wurtchip, Mrs Nott's not here. Mother Nott (struggling through the crowd): \--I'm a coming. Mr Dowling:--I shall not detain the man if the prosecutrix does not attend. Mother Nott (nearly strangulated):--I'm a coming. At length the worthy female presented her black bonnet, and ship's biscuit face in the wit- ness-box. Mr Dowling (to Policemen):--I thought you told me Mrs Nott was not here. Mother Nott:--Well, and s'pose they did; I'm here: Nott's here; and I'm Nott: not here! he! he! he! Mrs Nott then kissed the sacred volume, and gave the magistrate to understand, that on the previous evening she went into Bergin's grocery establishment in George-street, to buy some stick liquorice. She diskivered soon after leav- ing the shop that she had lost £40 in notes, sovereigns, and silver. She hastily returned, and finding no person excepting the prisoner there, she gave him in charge. Mrs Anna Maria Bergin, as pretty a little female as ever did duty at a shop-counter, was called, but her evidence clearly exonerated Mackey from thc charge of theft. The Police Magistrate at once discharged him from custody, telling him he quitted the Court with an unblemished character. Mrs Nott also trundled out of Court, exclaim- ing "Vell hi never! Did you hever?" FIGHT BETWEEN JAMES AND CROWLEY-- THREE DOZEN OYSTERS ASIDE.--John James, 11st 4, with a face like an oatmeal cake, walked into Johnny Crowley's oyster- shop, where single gentlemen are boarded, lodged, and done for in lower George-street. It was 'tween two and three o'clock 'in the afternoon, and James not having dined or lunched, felt rather hungry. He devoured six dozen oysters with pepper, salt, vinegar, and a tolerable proportion of bread and butter. "What's the damage?" enquired James. "A shilling a dozen" replied Crowley. James then placed 3s. on the counter, asserting that the oysters had been split in halves. Crowley was very indignant; a recrminatory dialogue took place. The men took their places; fist to fist, and toe to toe, and at it they went. Round 1st.--James hit out with his right, which was neatly stopped by Crowley, who planted his left in James's bread-basket, fetching up a dozen and a half of the aforesaid gobbled oysters, with vinegar, pepper, &c.;, &c.; James then tried his right foot; caught Crowley rather below the belt, and sent him backwards into a tub of oyster water (loud hurrahs from three sailors and a drunken woman: 1st knock down to James). Round 2nd.--Crowley made play with his head, trying the butting process. Countered by James. Crowley tried again, and caught James cleverly under the chin. A rally. James com- menced fighting 'out'; hopped round the oyster man like a cooper round a cask. James picked up half a barrel of pickled herrings, and per- formed the ceremony of coronation upon the oysterman's cocoanut. The oysterman all agog. Round 3rd.--The oysterman, on coming-too, could not see his opponent, who had 'cut his dicky'. Oysterman endeavoured to pull up his watch to see if "time was up." Found that time had gone--gave information to policeman, Rowe, that James had sloped with his ticker. Round 4th (Rowe and James).--The Indigo, on toeing the scotch, let fly 'all fours' at once. He attempted the latest 'new-cut' to hit with both hands, and kick with both feet, at the same moment. James at the same moment made play with his frontispiece. Both down. Mob of indigos broke the ring. James in the spong- ing crib. Round 5th (The Mayor and James).--His Worship appeared rather out of pluck, and evinced a determination to fight cautious. He made a feint or two with his right, but James, who stood behind the wooden barrier at the Police Ring, commenced to make several war- like demonstrations with his ugly head [9 to 1 for James]. The Mayor at once threw up the sponge, and James walked off with flying colours. THE TURF--NORTH SHORE RACES.--John M'- Mahon, the well-known sporting character and steeple-chase rider of Lane Cove, was summoned by policeman Hydes, 14 F, for racing against another Cove, at the North Shore, on the 15th instant. Any person might predict that the 'event' would prove unfavorable to Mr M'Ma- hon, who had the bad luck to be arraigned before Mr Dowling, a magisterial gent who lives in continual horror of cockney sportsmen, fast horsemen, and such like. Mr Dowling has on several occasions hinted that every amateur sparrow-shooter makes the space in front of his Worship's residence at Wooloomooloo his poaching ground, and if any gent wished to practice equestrianism in the style of Bonaparte crossing the Alps, he was sure to pitch on the same locality. Policeman Hydes also was a per- son of a severe puritanical aspect, who would naturally discountenance any attempt at levity, while to make matters worse, the great Cory had been specially retained for the prosecution. Policeman Hydes stated that, on the 15th instant, he saw Mr M'Mahon and another young gentle- man "racing like winking" at the North Shore. "They wos a girl-hopping scandalous down ill. A crowd of little boys vos going to school, and bawled out 'ooray! go it! go it!'" Mr Roberts appeared for Mr M'Mahon, and explained that the information being filed under the Toll Act, it must be quashed on the ground of informality. It had not been shewn for the prosecution that the place in question was a place appointed by the Governor-General for the levying of toll, and by the preamble of thc Act, and by the 2nd sec- tion of the Act, it was necessary to give such facts in evidence. Mr Dowling sentenced Mr M'Mahon to pay the heaviest penalty of £2, and £1 6s. costs. His Worship also expressed his regret that he could not 'serve him worse!' PUTTING A DRUNKEN MAN TO BED.--A shab- by genteel, who called himself William Barney O'Flannigan, complained to the Police a day or two ago that he was robbed by Ferdinand Heis- hin, a melancholy looking German. Mynheer Ferdinand was accordingly accommodated with a night's lodging in the George-street watch- house, and a matutinal introduction to the Mayor. The O'Flannigan said he lodged at the "Help-me-through-the-World" in Bridge-street. In order to help the landlord through the world, he drank so hard that at night he could not pull his own clothes off. The lugubrious looking German was waiter, and kindly undressed O'- Flannigan, who fell asleep. On awakening on the following morning he averred that four sovereigns had been taken out of his trousers' pocket. He therefore, to help the waiter through the world, gave him in charge. The German made an eloquent defence in an unknown tongue, which the Mayor seemed perfectly to comprehend, and at once restored him to liberty. A PUBLIC CHARACTER.--The celebrated Mis- ter John Tighe, landlord of the King's Arms, George-street, made his customary bow to the Beaks at the Police Office on Monday last, to shew why and wherefore he gave Mary Hickey a pair of black eyes. It appears that after the lesson read to Mr John Tighe on the duty of husbands and wives, and the Bench order being made for John to pay his bride a separate main- tenance of 50s. per week, he came to his senses, and a reconciliation was effected between him and Mrs John Tighe. Miss Mary Hickey is a twelve stone nymph of Irish extraction, with a pug nose, grey eyes, cheeks like kidney purta- toes, and hair which for obstinacy (?) resemb- bles the mane of a Welsh pony. Miss Mary Hickey made her brag that although Johnny Tighe had made it up with his wife, she (Mary Hickey) had such power over him that she could (?) him whenever she thought proper. This language having by some officious friend been brought to the ears of the repentant John, he met Miss Hickey, and being like the great modern heroes of Hibernia, an upholder of the law of physical force, administered to the fair traducer the two black eyes in question. The Bench or- dered John Tighe to pay a sovereign a piece for the eyes, and the costs of the Court. THE BALL AT THE SARACEN.--John M'Gaffin, a fashionably attired, respectable looking young man, was placed at the bar, charged before the Mayor, and Messrs Hargraves, and Arkins with assault and robbery. William Elkins, a rough looking nugget with a sunburnt face and a bruised eye, stated that he followed the occupation of gold-digging. On Tuesday evening he went to a Ball at Maxwell's, the Saracen's Head. He polkaed, waltzed, double-shuffled, &c.;, until midnight, when feel- ing sundry qualms of stomach, he made enquiries about supper. He was directed below to the supper-table, but, alas! it was so beleaguered with guests, principally of the weaker sex, that the hungry digger was unable to pick a bit. Like the little boy in the fable, yclept Tommy Tucker, who wanted bread and butter, Billy Elkins the digger began to cry for his supper, in the plaintive strain of an expiring grunter. Mr M'Gaffin was touched with compassion, and assisted Elkins to some victuals. But Elkins' appetite was far from easily appeased, and watching an opportunity he grabbed a plate, a bowl, a loaf of bread, a knife, and a bottle of champagne, with which he retired to the seclu- sion of the vacant ball-room, and began to enjoy himself. Some of the guests on their return to the ball- room told the digger that he musn't eat there, and being rather excited by copious liba- tions, the digger sent the plate and the skeleton of the fowl flying out of the window. The pri- soner at the bar then pitched into the digger, struck him in the face, gave him a black eye, and finally trundled him neck and crop into the street. Some persons ran to lift the digger up, and he became under the impression that an attempt was made to strip his finger of a nugget ring. When he recovered his equilibrium, he found that he had lost his pocket-book containing two £5 notes. He took out a warrant for Mr M'Gaffin's apprehension. Cross-examined by Mr Johnson:--I offered to pay him ninepence for the broken plate. I (?) to pull off my coat to fight him if he was game. If you speak plain I'll be able to under- stand, but I doesn't know nothing bout dicksho- nery. I didn't know the prisoner gave the Ball. The Ball was held next door to the Saracen, but the supper took place at the latter place. I thought little of the pocket-book, but a great deal of the mashiating I got. I came from Mel- bourne last January in the Helling Bear (Helen Baird). The Mayor held that the proof was insufficient; and at once discharged Mr M'Gaffin. STEALING SHOW-TROUSERS.--It is astonishing how the drapers, slopsellers, and such like, ex- hibit trousers more than other articles outside their shops. The true reason is involved in mys- tery, and would form a great political subject, which might give birth to a famous speech if the subject was placed in the able hands of the honorable and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland. Suffice it to say, that Mr E. Dawson, of Lower George- street, draper, left numerous pairs of trousers, a day or two ago, fluttering in the breeze. One Matty M'Laren, being badly off for breeks, and also deficient in cash, pulled down a pair of superfines valued at 20s., and with then fled. He was pursued by a mob of Indigos, shopmen, and children; and, after a splendid run, was captured by Policeman Thurston. The Mayor sent him to answer the charge at the ensuing court of Quarter Sessions. A FORESTER'S LODGE.--At a late hour on Wednesday night, Mr Neville, of Bridge-street, Publican, gave Edward Farmer into the custody of Police-sergeant Ditcham, for stealing sove- reigns and Bank notes to the amount of £14. According to the version for the prosecution, a Forester's Lodge had been held at his house on the previous night, and the prisoner had been specially retained for the occasion as a waiter. This part of the evidence was sufficiently clear, but the remainder was as follows:--Mr Neville took the money in payment for the tickets, and placed it in a tumbler on a sideboard. In pro- cess of time Mrs Neville entered accompanied by her servant maids. One took the tumbler and passed it to Mrs N., who passed it to Sal Doyle, and when Sal was subsequentlv interrogated, she declared that she had given it to the waiter, and he declared that she hadn't, and the magis- trates declared that it was such a cock-and-bull story that it was more than a match for magis- terial brains; and, ergo, they gave the waiter the benefit of the doubt, and acquitted him. AN UNPLEASANT FEATHER-BED.--Mr Henry Cummins, the well-known poulterer of King- street, after a serious struggle, contrived to wedge his corpulent person into the testifying-box, to prefer a complaint against Edward Bou- ker, a decently dressed lad, with hair like the plumage of a recently hatched gosling, and a face as smooth as the epidermis of a fresh plucked fowl. Mr Cummins asserted that, on the 5th April, the boy hired with him for six months. He took French leave two months prior to the expiration of the term. The boy replied that he had hired for no specific period, and his grievances were such as no poulterer's boy could stand. The place in which Mr Cum- mins strangulated the fowls was assigned to him as a dormitory, and his bed composed of feathers was full of the 'varmint' which had been sum- marily ejected from their holdings on the bodies of the executed fowls. Therefore he could not sleep. Moreover ghosts of headless turkeys, and of fowls with their heads dangling by their sides, haunted him through the hours of darkness, and gave him no repose. Mr Cummins declared that what the boy had stated was a foul story. Mr Dowling said that he had always believed a feather-bed to be a luxury, and the boy must be a goose to perch on such a defence. As he was but a chicken in age, the Bench would deal leniently with him: he was sent to roost at Darlinghurst for seven days. 