WRECK OF AN AMERICAN EMIGRANT SHIP FROM LIVERPOOL. NEARLY TWO HUNDRED LIVES LOST. One of the most disastrous shipwrecks it has evor been our duty to record occurred on the 3rd ultimo, at Stirrup Key, among the Bahama Islands. Tho news of tho dreadful calamity was taken to New York on the 1 tJlli ultimo, by the brig licuheii Curver, from Sngua la Grande, w'uen nan on uoara uie captain, ursi auu se cond mates, and six of the crow of the ill-fated vessel. The barque ' William and Mary,' commanded by Captain Slinson, left Liverpool for New Orleans on tho 24th March, with a cargo of rail road iron and 208 passengers, principally Ger man, Irish, and Scotch emigrants. Nothing particular occurred until the 3rd of May, when they entered the dangerous channel of the Bahamas, with the wind blowing strong from the south-east, with a heavy sea. Captain Stinson steered for Stirrup Key, and at half-past eight at night she struck on a sunken rock, on which she remained for about fifteen minutes, and re ceived extensive damage. The passengers were all on deck, running nnd screeching ' V\'e are lost ! wo aro lost 1' nnd crowding tho deck so that it was almost impossible to get from one pnrt. of the ship to another. The captain or dored the boats to ho cleared nnd launched, hut most of them were stove. The ship was now rolling very heavily, the sen breaking over her every few minutes during tlto squalls. Her anchors were let go as soon as possible, and after drifting a few rods she struck again so heavily that it prostrated many on the deck. The scene was now dreadful beyond description It seemed evident to all that the ship would go down immediately. Men who before this had acted their part nobly, now ceased to mako any ellbrt to save themselves or others. -Somewenl to a cask of liquor' flirt was between' decks and 'there, forgot their dangers' niid.irdublei. . , At midnight the water had gained so rapidly on the sinking vessel, that it was four feet in the hold : and scarcely had the day dawned, when it was an nounced that there were ten feet of water in the hold, and the pumps were abandoned in despair. The boats, the last resort of the terror stricken passengers, were unshipped from tho davits ; hut all except the lifeboat and long boat were swamped. The captain, his officers, nnd a portion of the crew, got into the lifeboat and abandoned the ship, which was then rapidly sinking. The captain was the last who got into the lifeboat, and even then he hud to be urged very strongly before he would consent to leave the vessel. When the passengeis saw him leave the ship they knew there was no longer any hope, and became perfectly frantic with despair, screaming and calling wildly for that assistance which it whsimpossitde to render them. As soon as the captain left, stx of tlie crew, who still remained in the ship, got ready the longboat, into which several of the passen gers jumped indiscriminately. The scene on hoard the sinking ship was most heart-rending. Women and men jumped overhonrd from tlie after part of the vessel, near where the boat lay, and many were drowned One of the crew, who was in the longboat, was compelled, with a hatch, to keep oil the passeitr gcrs who were crowding into the boat, and who if allowed to enter it, would have sunk ft. Tlie lifeboat occupied by the captain nnd crew, was so crowded that before culling the rope they debated the necessity of drawing lots to see who should go overboard. Tlie longhont ultimately got away with about twenty passengers nnd one or two of the crew. In about bnlf-an-hour after tlie barque was left she went down, and all on hoard nre supposed to have perished. After beating nbout for some hours the lifeboat was picked up by the brig Reuben Carver,' and conveyed to New York. On thellth instant the American schooner Smith Shuttle spoke nil English barque, one hundred miles north of Mnritanilln Beef, hound' for Liverpool with cotton from New Orleans. She had picked up twenty- five passengers from an American ship the day previous. The barque wn9 bound to Europe. There is every reason to believe that the persons rescued were some of the pas sengers of the ' William and Mary.' There is every reason to hope that tlie passengers who had thrown themselves into the longhont have escaped the melancholy fate of their companions who were unable to leave the vessel. The ' William and Mary' was 512 tons burthen, and was an American vessel. About eighty of tlie passengers were Ger mans, who were going out in company, with the intention of settling on n large tract of laud which had been bought in Illinois. The re mainder were composed of English, Irish, and Scotch — the Irish forming the largest propor tion. One of the sailors is of the opinion that some of the passengers mnv have formed a raft and saved themselves upon it, or by floating on some fragments of the vessel. The following nre tho names of some of tlie passengers, as re membered by the rescued crew t — Mr. Brown, civil engineer, with wife and three sons ; a young man named Miller, from Edinburgh, for Tex.i3 r and I'eier M'Douald, passengers' cook. — JSdin- b urgh News. A Ghost Story — A philosophic nnd self- possessed ship captain was passing through n churchyard at midnight, when a sheeted ghost rose up behind a tombstone and approached him with menacing gestures. The ancient ma riuer coolly raised his stick and gave hiin a c.rnck over the side of tlie head, asking him ) What he meant by being out of his grave at so late at) hour ?' — American paper. Admiralty Movements — A telegraphic dispatch was received M Plymouth on Sunday nfternnnn from ilnv Atlinwalty, summoning Admiral Sir John Omtnnii.'icy 10 proceed to Loudon with tlie utmost haste, ii! consequence of which the Sprightly steamer was orti1"1"'' ' he got ready immediately io like him to PortV- moulh. Sir John struck his fligon hoard the Impregnable, and left at six o'clock. It ha3 been reported at tiro Naval Clubs at the We-t End that Rear- Admiral Sir Charles Napier will proceed to I ho Mediterranean, to serve as second in ' command on that sta'ion, in conse quence of tho present aspect of alFairs at Con stantinople. The news from Paris states that Admiral Stewart, the present second in com mand, was waiting orders at Marseilles. — Edin burgh News. Royal Arms of Scotland. — The question of tho precedence in Scotland of the Scottish Arms over those of England having been re- milted to the English College of Heralds Mr. James Grant, on behalf of the petitioners, wrote to the Home Secretary objecting to tlie ques tion being submitted to any English court, and stating that the only competent authority was the Lyon Court nf Scotland. Tlie inquiry has in consequence, been transferred to our Lyon Court, the officials of which have received in structions fromilhe Home Ollice to draw up a re port for the information of Government — Ibid. Newspapers — In promotion of this desirable object — the union of tho intellectual with the useful — the newspaper is nil important auxiliary It is more. It is typical of the community in which it is encouraged and circulates. It tells its character, as well as its condition ; its tnstes, as well ns its necessities; the moral, as well as Ine physical staminn or population and soil. It is the tnnp whereon is traced out ten dencies and destines The chart to direct tlie traveller, and the settler to safe niitl pleasant harbourage, or to divert them from the shoals and quicksands of social degradation. At homo.it brings to our firesides, it imparts to our household, it inculcates on our children its sen timents of propriety, or its tone of contamination Abroad it is regarded ns our oracle, nnd speaks volumes for or against us. In its business fea tures may be discerned the indications of our prosperity, in a worldly sense, or otherwise; hut in its general complexion will be discovered our moral and spiritual bealtlifulness or diseased It is the portrait of our imperfection, as wel as the chronicler of our advancement. 