AN INCIDENT OF A DIGGERS PASSAGE TO AUSTRALIA. JULY 17th. — Wind blowing fresh — ship running ten knots an hour — very quick for us. Wind rising, men ordered to take in flying jib. In consequence of many splices in a rope, one of them got entangled, or would not run through a block, or something of that kind, and five men went out to clear the rigging, when a sudden gust struck the flapping-sail and crash went the jib- boom, which instantly fell into the sea, carrying with it, of course, the flying jib-boom, and both sails, together with the five men. In an instant all was confusion on deck. Ropes were thrown over the side for the men to catch at — the life buoy was cut adrift, but was so jammed that it would not fall down — some ran to lower the quarter boats — others called out for the life-boat to be got out — and Captain Pennysage ran about giving all sorts of orders, and not attending to any one of them being put into execution. Mean- time the ship had been hove to — three of the men were clinging to the wreck of ropes and spars in the sea — and Arrowsmith and the second mate, both first-rate swimmers, jumped overboard, and swam to their assistance. Just as they had helped the third man up the side, a loud shriek was heard to leeward, followed by a cry from the deck of "Shark! shark!" and a rush of all the passengers to the leeward side. One of the poor fellows had been taken down by a shark. Mr Pounderby and Mrs Pike both saw it. The re- maining sailor was still swimming for his life, and crying out for a boat. Arrowsmith and the second mate, with excited gestures and large eyes, came scrambling up the ship's side. A loud cry, swelling into a combined scream, from all the passengers! I looked over the side, and was just in time to see the sailor, with his face as white as a ghost, swing backwards and disappear beneath the wave. His mouth was wide open — I think with horror — some said he gave a scream, but I never heard it. Sunday, 18th — Waits brought into the cabin a small piece of dry touchwood ; asked me to guess what it was. I said " Stuff to light a pipe with to be sure." He said, " Yes, it was ; but what had it lately been, or what had it been part of?" "Of the inside of some old rotten tree or branch " said I. Waits folded it up in paper and put in his box. "Part of thc jib-boom of the Rodneyrig," said he, "just at the place where it broke. No wonder it broke. Two men lost their lives by a rotten spar, and a narrow escape for five others. That's the way to fit out ships to make money by passengers." I was glad to find Isaac had so much public spirit. " I suppose you don't object," said I, "to my inserting what you have just said in my diary." He thought a little, and then said " No." — Dickens "House- hold Words. TIGER SHOOTING. — FATAL RESULT — Lieu- tenant Edmund Bagenall, of H. M. 8th King's, died at Deesa, on the 4th May, from the effects of wounds inflicted on him by a tiger, a few days previously. The deceased, with a couple of brother officers and a number of beaters, had gone out shooting, and while riding through the jungle about forty-live miles from Dessa, one of the puggies was seized by a tiger and carrried off. The ofiicers appear to have wounded him as he was making off with the poor native, for the beast turned on his path and pursued them. They fled, but were speedily overtaken. Mr Bagenall was attacked by the infuriated animal, when his companions fired at and fortunately killed the tiger; not, however, before he had inflicted several severe wounds on the young officer, which caused his death. — Bombay Ga- zette, June 20. MAXIMS OF BISHOP MIDDLETON. — Persevere against discouragements. Keep your temper. Employ leisure in study, and always have some work in hand. Be punctual and methodical in business, and never procrastinate. Never be in a hurry. Preserve self-possession, and do not be talked out of conviction. Rise early, and be an economist of time. Maintain dignity without the appearance of pride; manner is something with everybody, and everything with some. Be guarded in discourse, attentive and slow to speak. Never acquiesce in immoral or pernici- ous opinions. Be not forward to assign reasons to those who have no right to ask. Think noth- ing in conduct unimportant and indifferent. Rather give than follow examples. Preserve a strict temperance, and in your transactions re- member the final account. A lawyer built himself an office in the form of an hexagon, or six square. The novelty of the structure attracted the attention of some Irish- men who were passing by ; they made a full stop and viewed the building very critically. The lawyer, somewhat disgusted at their curiousity, lifted up the window, put his head out and ad- dressed them —" What do you stand there for like a pack of blockheads, gazing at my office ; do you take it for a church ?" "I ?ix," answered one of them, " I was thinkin' so, till I saw the divil poke his head out of the windy." 