I . REVIEW. THE GRENVILLE PAPERS.« (From the Times. Avfjus't.M.):. t.. .-a.* Ima pefürit, another thousand .png'o»»; another braco of octavos, and wu get fairly to tho bottom of tito Greuviilo family chest. If so much room is demanded for tho cor respoiuipnco of one great house, when will tho materials for a history of the last cen- tury bc complete ? and when is tho British Museum to bo enlarged- for thoir. accom- modation ? Bedford correspondence, Chat- ham correspondence, Rockingham cor- respondence, Wnlpolo correspondence, Grenville correspondence- let some ono undertako. to glean from these realms or reams of twaddlcdom tho scanty handful of facts sprinkled broadcast over them, and oipross' their documentary value in thfco sheets of letterpress, to be given to the world bj Mr. Bohn at the cost of. 1B. For tho vanity which prompted every petty feeling td utterance, aud drag- ged to light every petty, incident of their career, shall tho politicians-of the 18th century bo ' avenged. upon- themselves ; Candidus impci tit. There is ono who will blurt it out without measure and I without stint. Why Bhould ho not? Old letters are marketable no less than old clothes-they sell ' by the pound. ' It should seem, toó, that even over these hun. dies the publishers have quarrelled, and, like two gudgeons nt a worm, gone away each with.a bile.. . Mr. Murray has been so fortunato as to secure tho remoter relics and the larger mouthful, and full fairly, as Pope soys, he gives it to tho '' public." The estimate of tho modern editor and of the doccosed peerage and commonage are as one ; what, they committed to paper he consigns to typo with injurious particu- larity. Lot us hope that we may not look as small to our successors of tho next gene- ration as tho mon of George II L's reign appear in this narrativo ; le tim hope, also, that the shreds and patches of our charac- ter stored in our ancient trunks, and be- queathed, " this side up," to our descend- ants, moy bo strung together, if strung at all, by some moro discriminating hand. Better still, let us put it in no man's power to deprive us of what little respect we may enjoy a century after our deaths. The annals of a country aro the mero record of its superficial aspects. In tho histories of tho reign of George III. the 12 years over which these volumes extend aro chiefly occupied by the Stamp Act and its results at home and abroad, by the escapades of John Wilkes and by tho invectives of "Junina,", and the popular impression holds truly enough that England was then a, groat nation, with a great Monarch and a great constitutional system ; with Pitt for a statesman, Mans- field for a judgo, . Burke for an orator, and Warburton for a bishop. Could state or church, law or rhetoric, ask for more? Let us mount tho back stairs and catch the policy of tho day in its undress. Lot tho church, as etiquette demands, moko its appearance first, and let us quota part of a lotter adercBsed by the above-mentioned Bishop of Glocester to George Grenville, His Majesty's Primo Minister, on tho 12th of January, 1765 : ? Honoured Sir-The very polite, hut very general answer, which t boil the honour to receive from you this last summer, when I took the liberty of mentioning "to yon my pretensions on the liishoprio of London, both encourages and necessitates me to yivo you this further trouble. Sir, 1 presume that the marks which I have given of my duty to his Majesty, and of my zeal for his service, are not the least equivocal-certainly not in the opinion of the enemies of His Majesty's measures, who have insulted mo with so foul a torrent of abuse and slander ; indeed, so in fern ni ly outrageous that I helievo no mau in my station ever experienced the like; whilo that conscious innocence which shields me from tho wounds of calumny cannot but infinitely inflamo ono's in- dignation nt tho vlllany of the attempt. u 0 « I might be thought to know little of the wo-ld-some will he ready to say, and less of my- self-if 1 reckoned ns anything what I have done in my profession for religion Tn genoral, and for tho religion of my country in particular; yeti must not conceive so very meanly of myself as that I can bo of no acaouut whenever tho public comos under consideration. If we wero to write a chapter for Humo and Smollett by the light ol th eso pages, the man most to be pitied and most to bo forgiven would bo George III. himself. Ho foll straight from the tutelage of Buto into tho austere and unBympathising tui- tion of Grenville, who watched him with minuto surveillance, and notes often in his diary tho ingenuous blushes with which his Soveroign entered upon any delicate or difficult matter. Honest onough, and far from selfish by nature, ho was forced, amid tho stratagems of party, to assume tho duplicities of Henry VII. or Louis XL, without their talent for concealing thom, nud it took some years to sharpen him up to that pitch of king-craft for which Lord Brougham has pilloried him. Extend tho picture from the King to the Minister, and observe a man who controls and contradicts with the air of defcronoe ; who is pedantic, formal, starched, and suspicious ; who is always maintaining his claims to confidence, yet nover repos- ing any in any man ; observo the fnvourito retired from office, yet looming ever in tho background, and holding up his finger like tho ghost in Hamlet-tho great bugbear of all partios, . tho giant conspirator, whoso' presence or ab absenco equally deprived of reposo tho servants ol' tho Crown-who waa always displacing Mr. Grenville from his Majesty's confidence, always angling for Lord Mans- field, tutoring Jenkinson and Egmont, inspiring Northumberland, and inciting tho io volt of tho weavers and their assaults upon Bedford House ; for whom tho King -so Mr. Grenvillo hears one day at Bath \--was always composing a journnl of ovontB, and aa minute . nn ono " ns if your boy nt school wnB directed to write his journal for you;"-who was always slinking about.the privato npnrtmonts, or, dodging near tho garden gnto, or, at tho, least, despatching his emissaries with i orders or suggestion to tho King. Observo, uiy Lord Tomplo yonder, in his couutryl scat of Stowe, infested by a demon of malignity, estranged bypoliticol differences from his two nearest relativos, patronising Wilkes and liberty, though himself tho The Grenville lepers, vol«. 3 and 4, edited by William James Smith, Esq., formerly Libra rían nt Stone. John Murray, Albem*rlo-etrcot. isa;» , haughtiest and most aolf-Buffioient of peera -directing, unseen but not unsuspected, shafts from hi« lurking dca ; And uerer so happy, as «bon ho 'can disgust pr intimi- date tho ruler ' oflillis pcoplo. ' L Obsorve tho mob of place-hunters (whoso ready pens, by tho woy, constructed the greater portion of tho Gronvillo cor- respondence) following in small and select herds ono or other of thc foromost men Digbics, Whatelies, Onslow?, Dondes wells, toadies of Bedford, toadies of Gren- ville, toadies of Grafton, toadies of Bute Irfng.'s men these last, immortalised by tho diatribe of Burke ; and observo, abovoall, how low a standard overy ono has for his neighbour, how every public mun is afraid of every other public man, doubtful of his intentions, distrustful of his promises, jealous of his influence, inquisitivo of his doily'words and acts- how small a part good faith plays in tho piece-how Inrgo a part personal and family pride j how tho politics, like tho comedy of thc century, I are modo up of immorality and intrigue and can oven bring on the boards as re- présentatives of virtue nothing better than the self-righteous prig or tho solemn impenetrable. To illustrate this from the pages before us we need only select a very small por- tion of Mr. Grenville's political remains. It is the year 1765, tho sixth year since Georgo III.'s accession to the throne, tho ! third year since Georgo Grenville's acces- sion to., tho portfolio. Tho Ministry has already outlived ono crisis, and John Wilkes, too, has for tho timo been put to flight ; yet it has endured so long rather becauso the Minister has a firmness which verges on obstinacy than becauso ho has wisdom, much less genius. Tho King is struggling to emancipa tu him- self from the iron sway of his dictatorial servants-his dignity and his bashfulness, his kingship and his youth, making, by their conflict, the effort only too apparont. A Scotch lawyer, writing to Lord Templo on tho 30th of August in this year, draws tho following picture of tho situation : By all accounts t li ere ia tlio greatest passive- ness in the olofot. but there are no great murks of cordiality. The King, more and moro hurt, obliged to absolute submission, and dare not tako tho least on, puts on au appearance of cheerful- ness, but in his rotired hours discovers tho slinrpoit feelings, mid to particulars shown the awkwardness of his situation by a visibly out-of countenance look. ».*»'» 'Twas to me added from the breath of a very near quarter, that his strongesl inolina'ions nre expressed for you and Mr.Tilt, and an Administration on your bottom, that ho wants to bo at ease, and sees that only can give it him. A very strong expression was used to mc, " that it was belicvod it would make tba King a foot higher to bring that about." Grenville himself, it appears, had long bcon on the qui vive for signs of chango, and it is curious to contrast tho sly had sonsitivo reflections of his note-book with his staid and awe-inspiring demeanour in thc closet. On the 17th of March ho had received a note from the King, differ- ently worded from what they usually oro." " Mr. Grenville," said the alarming mis- sive, " 1 would have yon attend mo to- morrow at 2." Mr. Grenville was prepared to find next day, and found accordingly, "tho King's countonanco and manner a good deal estranged." On tho 3rd of April thc King, having just recovered from an illness which was indicative of much that carno after, desired that a council might bc called to consider of a Kogo ney Bill. Mr. Grenville remarks, and with an N.B., '' that tho King wroto to tho Lord Chancellor with his own hand, and sent to the Duke of Bedford, but Mr. Grenville and Lord Halifax received no notice of His Mnjcsty'B being in town but from Lord Sandwich." On tho 28th Mr. Grenville charges the King with witluhaw »ing his confidence from his Ministers, and takes care to do it in such a way that His Majesty seemed during tho con- versation, " exceedingly agitated and dis- turbed; hocbonged countenance and flushed so much that the water Btood in his oyes from tho excessive heat of his face." On tho G th of May, says tho diary again, "As soon as Mr. Grenville carno in tho King coloured ;" no wonder, poor man I On tho 9th his Graco tho Duko of Bedford took up tho amiable task and administered a similar bullying : Lord Sandwich told Mr. Urenvillo that tho Duko of Bedford had been in with tho King, and had spoken very strongly to bis Majesty upon the reports which wero got about ot an intended change, which ho told bis Majesty it was in vain to attempt to conceal from him, as they did at this time prevail very randi ; that for his own part be hail entered bis Majesty's service merely to support his Government, and add what little strength ho could to it ; that as long as he re- mained in it be should always endeavour to do so, but that ho should never wish to continue longer than his Berrico was agreeable to his Majesty ; but be must at tho samo time observe how destruc- tive to his affairs this appearance of wavering and uncertainty must be. Ho likewiso pressed tho King upon Irolaod, but conld never get any thing bowood general civility upon either subjeot. Tbeso ministerial IcoturcB woro prelimi- nary to somo Ministerial demands. Ho who invokes a contest "pays the forfeit if bo fails. His MajoEty had boen negotiat- ing through the Euri of Northumberland with tho adherents of Lord Bute. " Lord Northumberland," says tho diary on tho 20th pf Moy, is known to hnvo been on Saturday night at Richmond with tho King, who waited for him in tho garden nnd let him in himself." Next day Mr. O renville has one of lits candid conversa- tions with tho King, and says that if ho has not His Majesty's approbation no con- sideration under Heaven can moko him go through his task. The King roplies that ho is touched by tho affecting manner in which Mr. Greuvillo speaks, and feels tho kindness of his bohaviour-o .reply whioh Mr. Gronvillo records with evident pride and in self-justification, as.if it were not utterly belied by tho eiroumstancca of tho cuso, and as if the solemnity with which lie had asked tho King's ? goodwill were not entirely inconsistent with tho triumph which ho sought nf his own renowed supremacy. Tho very noxt morning after this bur6t of mutual affection Mr. Gren- ville carriod into tho King tho terms of surrender, whioh wera comprised iu fivo articles, ns follows : Lord Iluto to Lavo no shore whatever in tho Kaine's councils. ' Mr. Stuart Mackenzie to he removed from his oflico of rrivy.Scalo( Scotland, and no business whatever to be transacted through him. Lord Granby to bo nade Commauücr-Ui-Caiof fthiswas merely a negative upon the Duke e Cumberland)'. Lord Holland to be removed 'from tho oflic ot Fayma»ter. " Ireland to he settled by tho full approbatioi \- and recommendation of Ministers. "The King," Mr. Grenvillo prococds " fell into ft great agitation upon tin articlo relating to Mr. Mackenzie, an« strove in every manner possiblo to liavt saved him, going so far ns to say ho shonlt disgraco himself if he did it." There upon, Mr. Grenville took refuge in thc politest language, and begged his Mnjcstj rather to dismiss him from his service than put him under tho cruel dilemma ol thinking ho was forcing his inclination. Your money or your life, but don't for ar instant let me do violence to your feelings Poor George III. had tho worst of it that day, but has hardly tho worst of it now. Thc King said, f» Mr. Grenville, I have desired you to stay in my service. I see I must yield. 1 do it for tho good of my people." This story, like tho Hind, divides itself by days. Mr. Grenvillo remarks, 24 hours later, with the cruel calmness of a natural philosopher, " When Mr. G. went into tho King's closet, ho found him very gloomy, and with au air of great dissatisfaction." That day week the monarch was found moro easy and less re- served beföro Mr. G., but in tho presence of Lord Halifax ho was guilty of a kind of sneer" nt ono of tho Grenvillo family. After a whole fortnight has elapsed, and several fluctuations of visage have been noted down, we come to the 7th of J une, by which timo tho King's countenance is certainly calmer, and hi* manner civillcr than it was ; but Mr. Grenville " has no reason to think that it proceeds from any- thing but disguise." No reason, certainly; why should the King keep his boaver up whilo Mr. Grenvillo keeps his own fast down ? Was there, then, no disguise. Mr. Grenville, in thoso touching expres- sions which yon recorded only a few daj's ago, and handed down us a testimony of the King's high regard for you, and your courteous demeanour to the King ? Do you think that the learned gentleman into whose hands your reputation has been de- livered up with your papers did wisely to print a noto upon that tender passage of reconciliation-in which note he assumed that both yourself «nd tho monarch meant what you said ; and was or was not tho Edinburgh Jieviewer of October, 1814, who is hero assailed by Mr. Smith-was or was bc not right when he charged you with " holding lnnguago to which since the days of Cornet Joyco and President Brad- shaw no English King had been obliged to listen ? " "Why.h man should insist on so meagre a satisfaction as an assurance of forgiveness which ho docs not bclievo, nftcr exercising a compulsión which ho fails to excuse, is really a matter for wonder. Ho must have been vory much tho slavo of language himself, who could Biipposo that his words could thus mantle his actions, nor have guessed what sort of ovidenco he was storing up against himself. Let Mr. Grenville bo judged out of his own mouth ; let men say whether the writer of this diary was n great man or a small, mag- nanimous or moan ; and if George HI. did indeed speak afterwards of his minister as that groat and good man, Mr. (Jrenville, who was an honour to human nature," is there reason to suppose that it proceeded from anything but disguise ? Is there not far moro reason to think that Mr.Grenville came with others under tho swooping con- demnation passed by tho King two years later upon tho genus to which ho be- longed- Cc metier dc politique est un tres vilain metier; c'est lc metier d'un faquin ; ce'ncst 2>us lc metier d'un gentilhomme. Mr. Gronvillo, on his part, makes it plain that ho thought tho King ono of the most outrageous liars who over sat on a throne Ito rotates how ho told tho King that the attempt to supplant his Ministry was Lord Bute's doing, as nil tho world saw, and " contrary to tho express declarations mado to tho present Administration" how tho King replied that Lord Bute had not been tho door of it-how Mr. Gron- villo rejoined that the world would hnvo n difficulty to bo persuaded of that- how the King, on tho 22d of May, 4< did pro- mise and declare that Lord Buto should never, directly or indirectly, publicly nor privately, havo anything to do with his business, nor give advice upon auythiug whatever ;" yot Mr. Grenville notes in his diary of Juno 13th, that Lord Buto affects to say that ho meddles with nothing, and at a subsequent period, long after his resignation, thus intimates tho vitality of his distrust. Mr. Jenkinson cntne to Bath in Novombor, 17(55, where ho had sovoral conversations with Mr. Grenville, all tending to tho justification of Lord Bute's conduct, and particularly upon tho Into chango of Minis- try, which ho endeavoured to persuado Mr. Gronvillo had not been brought about by Lord Bute's iufluonco, Baying that ho novcr had seen tho King but twico during his illness in tho spring ; which Mr. Gren- ville cotdd not bo brought to believe. Tho mass of tho letters interspersed in this extraordinary diary aro communica- tions to Lord Templo or Mr. Grenvillo from their scouts Whately, Lloyd, Hamil- ton, and others. Mr. William Gerard Hamilton, in ono of his reports, displays tho natura of his service pretty plainly : Your Lordship may rely upon it that in theso aotive and interesting times thu Bea will ho oven moro industrious (bait usunl, and that ho is never employed so luuah to his own satisfaction as »hon ho can contribute to your service, to your infor- mation, or even to your amusement. Mr. Smith has a theory that Lord Templo was especially interested in pro- curing early and aceurato iii formation both on public matters and privat o scandals, that ho used both his influcnco and his money in obtaining stich knowledge, and that tho form in which ho oiprossed what ho had so collected was by lotter to tho Pubitc Advertiser aiguod with tho sigua turo " Juniüs." Two hundred pages of Mr. Smith's third volutuo aro devoted to tho oxpositi on of his theory, lt would havo been as well if this s opa roto question had mado its appoaranco in a Bcparato trcatiso, but tho attempt itself, if not suc- cessful, ÍB olaborato, and cortainly brings anothor candidato very close upon tho Tiocls of Francis. Mr. Smith ehows cor- rectly ouougU that the oritfoacd ia favour of Sir Philip Francis is not so conclusive ^ has generally been assumed. But lte nature of the caso is such as to render lle nogativo argument stronger than ft, positivo in nearly every instance. Tbt mero fact that 'so many individuals ]|t" had their several claims maintained VÍA moro or less plausibility is a proof ¿1 phrases, quotations, sentiments, and vrlit the Spectator would havo called " tun, of thought," aro much moro tho comp;,, property of an ngo or a class thau a div tinctivo mark by which man can bo dis tinguished from man. But similarities o style no less than comparisons of fnem] ship and antipathy admit, up lo a certain point, tho titlo of this now, or rather rovived, candidate to examination. There aro nho twp particulars in winch ita' argument may sustain itself for somèi timo-ono, that tho handwriting of ibo letters to "Woodfull is a very cloie counterpart of some' specimens of Ladj Temple's hand ; and tho other, that Mr. Smith has diseoverod ono lotter of 'Junk to bo on paper of tho samo size, quality ond wotermnrk as was used by Lori Temple within a week of the saino dale, This is a direction in which further evi dence might be sought for with advantage. Tho question, however, will still prewal itself, whether the talents gen oral ly dil played by Lord Temple were oqual ¡1 degree to thoso which Junius nnduubtcdlj possessed, if tho internal testimony ITCH quito clear. On this point his morak,ti far as wo know, would bo no hindoranccti tho suspicion. He had, alongsido of Mi family arroganco, a special instinct of epiti and secrecy, just os his brother had lui austerity of Diogenes outside, and tho dis. trust of a dastard within. Nor would OM bo unduly exalted in reputation as the author of Junius more than tho other Int been exalted by his colonial policy, 01 ¡1 * exnlted by tho correspondence now gives* to the world. Y 