SELECT POETRY. THE PHANTOMS OF ST. SEPULCHRE.* " Did'st ever see a hanging? " " No—not one— Nor ever wish to see such scandal done; But once I saw a wretch condemned to die-- A lean-faced, bright-eyed youth, who made me [sigh?] At the recital of a dream he had. He was not sane--and yet he was not mad; Fit subject for a mesmerist he seemed: For when he slept, he saw; and when he dreamed His visions were as palpable to him As facts to us. My memory is dim Upon his story, but I'll never forget The dream he told me, for it haunts me yet; Impressed upon me by his earnest faith That 'twas no vision, but a sight which Death Opened his eyes to see--an actual glimpse Into the world of spectres and of imps, Vouchsafed to him on the threshold of the grave. List, and I'll give it--in the words he gave! \---- "Ay, yon may think Hi it I inn crr/ed, lint what I saw, lint did I see ; These willis me thick-my hi on \vi3.sle'k - And yet minc eyes saw lucidly ; Through tho J'ls|v .md tin ou h "io slopes I ooiihl look is through u l-l lis i And, fiom this duiig»oii «limp a- .1 cold, I watched the motley peonle p ss. All day long, rap«.l anil «-Iron,;, Hotted to and fin tho living stream; Hut lu the i Ight I sa.v u sight I cannot think it was p. dream. " Old St. Sepulchre's bell will toll At eight tomorrow for my soul ; And thousands not much better than I Will throng around to see me die. And many will bless their happy fate That they ne'er fell from their high estate, Or did such deeds as I have done; Though from the rise to the set of sun Thcv cheat theil' ml,, lib us all their days, And gather gold In slimy ways. Hut my soul feels stiong and my sight grows clear As my Death hour api.rnaches noir ; And, In Its piesence, 1 «111 tell The very truth as It hotel. " Tho snow ltos now un Hie bonsp-lops cold ¡ Shrill and keen the Mulch winds blow ; The r.iuk giu-s of the churchy lr.l mould Is covered o'er with dilftcd snow; The gr.ivps in old St 8e>, iilelnc's yard Were while hist night «hen I looked forth, Al «1 Hie sharp clear st us sicinul to danco in tlio sky Iloek'd by the tierce winds «if (he North. "The lu lisos «lull seeniPil mi'iit with frost, The streets seenii'il longer than of yuro ; Ami tin' «.trag Uni-' p isseng. i s trod Uko ghosts Silently on the path« iv truro Wh n I 1 ok"d tluoiigh that churchyard rall, Ami thought of tho bril tb it should rlig my "doom, And saw ttirpo women sod and palo Sitting together on .1 tomb. " A fi'irfnl «Ight it was lo see, As up tiley lose and hw Iil.1 at me. Sunken were their cheeks mil eyes, lllui'-i-'ild were the!) fiot and baicj Lean ami ye lloví were th. lr hands, Long and scanty w is their hair ; And round their nei-ks I s iw thu ropos Deftly knotted, tightly drawn And knew tiley were ."it things of earth, Urcieutu.i. ' . i i .e_ . . .Invn. " Seen dimly through tho uncertain light, Thoy multiplied upon my sight, And things like men and women sprung Shipcs of those ivho bad been hung From the rank and clammy ground, I counted thom, I knew thom nil Each willi Its rope around ils nock, Marshalled by tim churchyard vvnll. " Tho htlir policeman passing along Saw them not, nor made delay ; A reeling b"cphaiial, shouting ,v song, Ln< ki d at tho clock and went his way. A tioop of g1 Is with p liutcd cheeks, Laughing and yelling In «Iranien gloo, Passed Uko a gust, ami never looked At the sight so palpadlo to mo. I b.i'v them-hi ard thom-felt their brouth Musty and ia« and damp as death. " Tiles'« women Ihree, these foirful sliapos, Looked nt me through Newgate stone, An I lalsed their fingers skinny and Link, Wlilspe'ilng low lu under tone 'Ills hour duns noar-lie's ono of tis Ills gibbet Is built-his nooto Is tied ; Thev h ive put lils name on his o llln 1|«1_ The la« ofblond shall he satisfied. Iii sli ill icst with us, and his uauio shall bo A bye-ivoid and n mockery.' " I whlspeii'd to odo-'Wbithail'stthoii dono!' Siw answered whlspeilng, and I bearii Although a i Illino r.mg at tho time Hiei)- sentence, ovciy vvoid, Cíe ir abovo the pealing bells ' I was mail, and slow my child ; Better than life, God knows, I lovod it! Hut pal » and hunger drovu mo wild, Scorn and hunger ,'i'id grief and care, And I slew It In my despair ; And fur this deed, (hoy raised lho gibbet roi this di- I the nooso thoy tied And I hung.d swung, lu tho sight of mon, Ai.d tho " law of bli nd" was satisfied!' "I said to the second-' What tlliVst Hum ?' Hi r keen eyes flushed unearthly shine ' I iii.ri-led a youth when I was young, And thought rill happiness wns minc ; Hut lliey stole bim from me, to fight tlio French, And 1 was left In tho world alone, To beg or Mc.il, to live or tile ltiiblied of my .slay, my nil, my own Lngl.ind slolu my lord from mo ; 1 stole a ribband- was caught and (ried; And 1 linng, nnd swung, in tho dlglit of men, And the ' i;iiv of blood" was satisfied." " I sahl to tho third-' What crimo was thine 1' 'Crime-?' she answered lu accents meek, 'Ilie- hubo Hint suds at Its motlior's breast, Ami .smiles willi ils little iliiui'lcd chook, Is not moro Innocent than I : lint li-'i'li was fi'oblo-orror was strong, And guiltless of n deed ol' .shame, Men's justlco did mo cruel wrong; Tiley would not hear my truthful words Tliey thought mo filled willi stubborn pride ; And I hung, and swung, In Hie .sight of mon, And the "law of blood" wus satisfied." " Then one and all, by that churchyard wall, liaised (heir skinny bands at me, Their volees inlnglln"-llko (lie sounds Ol'rustling lu ives In a withering tree; * ills lu tir Is come-lie's ono of m Ills git lift Is built-his tinoso Is tied lil. knell siiill ling, and lils corpse símil swing, And Hin " law of blood" shall lil satisfied I' ' Tie y vani-licd-I .saw (horn ono by one Willi their b.iro blue feet mi tho drifted gnow. Sink Uko a thaw when tho sun is up, To Hi-li wormy S ,'' ides below. Though you muy deem tlil-i was a dream, My tacts aro tingible faits (o ino l-'or ihe sight grows clt-ir ns Death draws nour, And looks into l-'utmity." CHARLES MACKAY. * Itniiiv lio necessary to Inform Hi i-utut i|Uitiitn! with London, that tho oliurili il S tie\ iiljiilns Ihi giml til Newgate, and Hi it i'w I 11 is »oiled winn a (ilmlnil Is executed, /"iii- »III -ead ti bo riiiilndiilllnt tho 1'ircostorler icli* t! mi it fal a ' us. 