FACETIÆ. YOUTH AND AGE.—A good story is told of Berkeley Craven and Lord Alvanly, when an accident happened to their carriage. The former, getting out to thrash the footman, saw he was an old fellow, and said, "Your age protects you ; while Alvanly, who had advanced towards the postilion with the same intention, seeing he was an athletic young fellow, turned from him, saying, in his wag- gish way, "Your youth protects you." DIFFERENCE OF TASTE.—One young lady, with ten thousand dollars, advertises in the New York Tribune for a Presbyterian or Dutch Reformed husband. Another stipulates that her lord shall be six feet high ! CANDOUR.—A blacksmith was lately summoned to a county court as a witness in a dispute between two of his workmen. The judge, after hearing the testimony, asked him why he did not ad- vise them to settle, as the costs had already amounted to three times the disputed sum. He replied, ' I told the fools to settle ;. . for I said the clerk would take their coats, the lawyers their shirts, and if they got into your honor's court, you'd skin 'em. THINK OF IT, LADIES.—" Woman has seldom less true power," says the eloquent authoress of "Woman in France during the Eighteenth Century," " than when the admiration and love of men are granted merely to her beauty and defenceless state." THE NAKED TRUTH.—Two ladies recently presented themselves at a door of a fancy ball at Boston, and being asked by the usher what characters they personated, replied they were not in special costume, whereupon he bawled out, " Two ladies without any cha- racter ! BOOK-KEEPING TAUGHT IN ONE LESSON.-Don't lend them;} -Punch. DELICACY.-A weekly newspaper having been left on the toilet table of an American young lady, she refused to dress herself be- cause there was an Observer in the room. " Papa," said a little boy to his parent the other day, " are not sailors very, very small men?" " No¿ my dear," answered the father, "pray, what leads you to suppose that they are so small ?" *' Because," replied the young idea, smartly, " I read the other day of a sailor going to sleep in his watch." " John, stop your crying," said an enraged father to his son, who had kept up an intolerable yell for the past five minutes, " Stop, I say, do you hear ?" again repeated the father after a few minutes, the boy still crying. "You don't suppose I can choke off in a minute, do you ?" chimed in the urchin. The Marquis of Lansdowne called one morning on the Countess of Cork, and found the house in a state of great bustle and excite- ment. " Come in," said she, " Lord Lansdowne ! come in ! I am so glad you arrived at this moment-only think ! the grey parrot has just laid an egg."-Moore's Diary. A genuine Yankee thus advertises his truant wife :-" On the 16th of August, on the night of Monday, eloped from her husband,, the wife of John Gundy. His grief for her absence each day growing deeper, should any one find her, he begs them to-keep her." Lord Chancellor Clare, on one occasion, while Curran was ad- dressing him, in a most important case, occupied himself with a favourite spaniel or Newfoundland dog, seated by him ; and all the world will remember the rebuke administered to him by that rarely gifted man. Curran having ceased speaking, through indignation, or malice prepense, Lord Clare raised his head and asked, "Why don't you proceed, Mr. Curran?"-I thought your lordships were in consultation," replied Curran.-Reminiscences of an Emigrant Milesian. A writer in the Colombo Observer (Ceylon,) contrasting the sim- plicity of the poets of the west to those of India, observes that while the former, describing the morning-, expressed himself thus Behold the morn in russet mantle clad, Walks o'er the dew of yonder high eastern hill ! the latter would amplify the picture somewhat in the following manner :-" Behold the godxless of the morning, chid in the crim- son mantle of a cloud, and emitting the sunbeam of her smiles, which disclose the pearl-wreath of lier snowy teeth, treads with lotus-feet on the dark carpet of the mountain- top, which the god- dess of the night had spread for her there, and water with tlie. am- brosial essence of the stream of Paradise." WOMAN.-A correspondent to the Nashville Gazette, who signs herself " Sophia," says that woman is twice as good as man, and proves it thus by the very orthography-W-O-M-A-N:-double you, O man ! A poor country hawker being detected in the act of shooting a butcher-bird, was taken before a justice. " So, fellow," cried Mit- timus, " you think fit to shoot without a license, do you?"-" Oh, no, your honour," cried the offender, " I have a license for hatok ing." So saying, he handed him his pedlar's license, and the bird shot being a hawk, the man was discharged. The porter of the late Lord Jersey came to some one and com- plained he could not stay with the Jerseys, " because my lady was ? the very latest woman in London."-" Well, but what, then ? All women of fashion are late ; you can sleep afterwards."-" Ah no, sir, that's not all, for my lord is the earliest gentleman in London,, and between the two I get no sleep at all."-Memoirs of Thomas Moore. A Dutchman, having recently heard rum called spirits, asked the waiter at an inn, who had given him grog too much reduced, " Vat ter tyfel for you don't put blenty of ghosts on top of de vater ?" " How is it," said one little miss to another, " that John's never afraid, and I am ?"-"Because he's got a Roman nose, and feels safe ; don't you remember how we read, that it has always been said that a lloman knows-no danger. The Lantern tells us a sad case of a man who was shipwrecked, and cast upon an unhabited island, without a shilling in his pocket. An editor down south, who served four days on a jury, says he is so full of law that it is hard to keep from cheating somebody.-- American Paper. 