THE TURON. , (From a Correspondent.) Yesterday tho Council met; intelligence of ? 1 however lin« not yot reached us, but Satur-, day's mail, I suppose, will bring us tho first oarnost ol'what wo may expect'from that body' politic. Our expectations aro not high ; wo have! arrivod nt that happy stnto where prosperity cannot much exalt nor adversity greatly depress us. Novel theloss, if experience can moko law-makers wise, as it is said to do with tho com- mon herd, wo may hopo to hear of something to " our udvuntnge." Government and Members havo had time enough for reflootion to enable, them now to ap- proach tho subject of our grievances becomingly, and haudlo thom judiciously just, as presumed, the Imperial Government have viewed und dealt with tho general grievances of the colony. Tho 10th rf-Moy has arrived, mid honourable members have not boen disturbed for üva ' long mouths. Sir Charles has boen considéralo with them. .' So no excuses can now bo admitted for short comings, either in opinious, or speeches in tho House, on - tho Gold Act.' Lot us havo no dividing without- donating ¡ let ovory mau give his views upon this important subject, in good common sonso English, instead of pairing off right und left, mute and automata-like, without favouring tho publio with tho why and where-, fore, and thereby being onablod afterwards, when an Act is deurlod ns being injurious to thu common interests of tho country, to say, " Oh, 1 didn't say anything." And let us uLô h ivo overy mern-, her representing in the House his constituency, and no shullling or shirking tho question in any way, so ns to cunio out with tho after talo if necessary of " not present when tho Bill was passed." I'll cngago if ' a fow sections of lund had to be shared amongst them, they would all ba there. Lot the country insist thnt ono mid all ho put into tho balance on ibo Gold Act question, abd then wo will seo who kicks tho beam. Tho country is young, and young legis- lators cannot bo too ofton tried. When they are worn out in tho service, then wo muy, perhaps, afford to tako their opinions on groat matters without much explanation-but not till thou. Ero this day month, tho futo of tba Turon will ho sottled, ' uno way or tho other ; and is it too much to say, alobg with lt that of the colony T I think not. Unicas very, niateriul altérations aro made In tho present regulations, tho Western Gold Fields will again rovert fur u while into n barren wilderness. Expectations of tho hind, which bava boen raised fur and Wido, will prove un utter j dohisiun-and in a short timo our inuoh-vauntcd wealth will go forth - to tho world-what had management hus in reality brought lt to-a mauuttluont humbug-a ghost of a Gold Field a thing to scaro all the pooplo of tho earth who visit us, and a snare to tba uuwury. Confidence in tho country will bo shukoit ; thousands upon thousands will bo .pouring In, and como of thom queer spirits whon thoy iiunjrino oppression iu any shape,.and what tho result will be, methinks I seo ! -bo it so. Tho futuro of this colony huugs to- day hy a frail and fragile th road of Gold-smtp it, und smash you go ; strengthen lt, und forthwith f'on bocoiua grant. 'Tho few diggers who are tero now, uro - morely waiting to seo tho Now Bill ; ' when, if it. is un- nlisfuotory, off - they will go to th» south, in ono unanimous exodus. ? But will thoy stay thero Î. It would bo well, perhaps, for tho country if they did. hirst, tholr ubienoo will impoverish it, nnd whon . tho southern gold field ls worked out, or Boin o great combination fonnod, a tloscont will bo' mada;on theso Holds by thousands, many of whom will, doubtless, bo smarting under a sense of pnst iujittticr. Whcro will tho 'Hoonso fuo bc, thant Where will bo tho bayóneU and sabres' fur. Its collection T Ayo, whore t These things I meroly hint nt us hoing possible, still all muy yet gu well. A faff duyB muy bring tho .tidings bf n reduced licuuso foe, tho obnoxious pains und penalties struck out, muí o disposition, cu the part of.tho Council to trent diggora as a purt and parcel of tho ssolal economy; than ono loud hurrah will tho "rem- nant'' givo, tn celebrate tho advent of a moro rational era, rind they will bo content to stand or fall with Now South Wales. iSupposo,, in gold districts, all males in their locus und upwards-and downwards, too-when found or known to be gold washing, wera to fay a> tax of 1(M.' per month; anil' fe?* avery claim of tb«' prêtent dimension* the- holder should farther pey an " claim rant" 10a. ter month ; that the sumo person ahould not hold more than lix claim», except under special grant, similar to the clause in tho pre-.cn t A ct i n roi'erenco to companies ; ' that no person may hold a claim when workable . longer than ton days without commencing _ ope- rations in each and every claim-this is, of course, to prevent monopoly and give all a fair chnnco-and ho shall further work it or them con- tinuously and efficiently, according to tho host of his ability and tho Commissioner's judgment, or in cases of material dispute, to that of. a jury of twolvo ; which will seldom be resorted to, for'our diggers, with but fow exceptions, pull well together. And in order to render tho above ousy, every 100 yards of tho right bank of tho river or creek, for wot or hod diggings, should have a " peg,'' four feet high, ono foot broad, and six Inches thick, and stamped 1,2, 3, tte, and called "Govern- ment pegs,*' tho measurement to begin at any point the Commissioner may choose in his "beat.'' From pog to peg will comprise 150 claims, of 15 feot each, as at present, and will he termed a "division," and 10 pegs, or 1000 yards, a "sec- tion." .For insUnco, tako the bed of the Turon scotion No. 3, and division No. SG, and claim 149 is apparently vacant. A. applies for lt. Tho Com- missioner refers to his "claims book,'' aud finds that B. has had it justninednys,so ho has another day's graoo ero A. can got it. A.' then enquires if thero is a spnro claim in tho division ; the Commissioner' informs him, on referring again to his book (whoro ho has " sections," "divisions,''and " claims" numbered in due order, with tho occupant's narnu mid duto of occupancy), that claim No. 20 is to let. A. goes and examines it, returns, pays his 10s., and proceeds to work. This may.socm to somo too complicated or busi- ness like for gold digging. > To mo it is plain and simple Nor would it interfere with old esta- blished rights, in any caso where persons are dis- posed to work their ola!nts; and thoso who aro not so disposed, others havo tho best right to thom. And in a short timo indolence would wane. Claim " jumping," which begets so much angry feeling, would have flin cud ; and claim-holding for " job- bing*' purposes would censo; and tho whola digging communttty be brought into moro in- dustrious habits and wholesome competition. It would increase tho revenue twofold, and destroy all petty joalousy und ill-feeling, since ovory man would havo his " own claim" beyond dispute, and the poor equally protocted' with tho rich. Thero would need be two sorts of licenses-personal licenses and claim licenses. Some may deem it too much to tax both tho land and tho person-it would, at a high rate, but not at such u reduced scale. At least four men go to work a claim, and while tho tax cornel light, ten timos tho number of people would soon arrive and incrcaso tho revenue to an oxtcnt wo have not yet seen it. Lodging houses, stores, fruit stands, and gingor hecr shops should pay £1 per month for ground rent to tho extent alone of the dwelling, or twenty feet square. And no person, other than tho pro- prietor for tho timo hoing, or with his permission, should carry on miuing of any description on or under said ground. Public houses, as licensed vialuallors, may pay £50 per annum, and £1 for ground occupying, suva on purchased land ; and they may claim in their own right for tho time being sixty feet square. livery male operative found in tho gold district without a liconso after the 4th of every month, at noon, should bo ilucd£l, unless beean give satis- factory explanation to the Commissioners; and afterwards be treated under tho Vagrant Act. A little in this way IM necessary, for although wa nra not ns black by many shades as tho Seraph Abdiel was fain to puint us, still wo have a fow who require tho guardian glauco of tho powers that bo. I nm surprised that tho Herald, after throwing NO many straws into tho stream to try tho current, should still bo unahlo to diseovor ¡ts forco and direction. In its Saturday's leader, wo have a return to tho oldon notion, ofter n good dcat of bucking und filling " Wo,*' it soys, " havo given sullicieut show that, evon on those provisions which have been moBt vehemently condemned in petitions and speeches, tho law is countenanced by tho opinions and re- commendations of mon well qualified to judge." Who aro tho men adduocd us .hoing woll quali- fied, to j udgo f Mun I supposa who have boon' digging, or havo resided on tho gold fields for soiiH'oightcen months or twoycars, er men who have for the last twelvemonth bravod tho rough and tumble of fortune ovcry doy ? Not at alli Uno is Air. Hardy,a worthy mau, and who was ti vcrv good Commissioner, but for twenty-one months ho hag soon our gobi fields only somo twice or thrice on a flying visit. And what I a gontleman, who ono tino morning sprung out of his ofiico, rushod to tho Turon, looked about, dropped upon a tolerably good claim on Golden Point, did a stroke and left tho placo-at least 1 havo not seen him ou our western Holds for fifteen months-thoso carly hands, and who left. soon, woro glow-worm digger», evanescent shadows. I might as well bo asked to give evidence on tho capacity ol' tho Lord Chancellor as thoy on digging. I have seen tho ono and they thu other. Then comes Mr. Harper ; whcro has ho boon for moro than a year-ranging after un ignis fatuus -somo imaginary quartz claim-ho has not, at any rate, been herc ; und in the olden timo I know moro of him us a claim dealer than a practical (jigger, und when adversity thickened rouud us lied ; and I think in his halcyon days ho would havo grumbled iiiuoh had he hoon compelled to pay 30s. per month f. r his wife mid littlo ouos, for, had they hoon boro, tho privilege of living in his bark hut on Ucnrdv's Hill-or had it been ox act cd from any visiting friend ho may havo en- tertained. Mr. Grcon, of course, could but do his duty-"htcm domooruny." And tho care-worn¡ invalid, Mr. Auston, what did ho seo? Sufficient, I imagine, to " out lt." All things uro very dull. Tho wenthor, too, is', not as settled ns ono could wish. Tho labour in tho hed i» exceedingly heavy, and littlo gold got' for tho means employed. lu a report of tho Herald, tho other day, several purtles were said to bo doing well, among others, a oluim of Captain Harris yielded in ono day 10 ounces ¡ being myself working near to him, 1 may say I believe that it did, hut thou there wore 10 mun two days stripping, and tlio third day and tho whole of tho night washing, with mun at £3 per woek mid licuase* found, and 10s. each for night work-two powerful pumps wcro kept incessantly going, which, with other expenses, would, 1 imagine, tako somo of thu prufits off toll ounces; mid thc Bama claim, during tho whole cf this week, has nut, with twolvo mon, yielded as yet moro than a coupla of ounces, ? iu coúsequcnco of not being ablo to subdue tho wutor; ami another purnim on thesame liar has hail 20 mon nt work, and still cannot succeed lu doing anything more than wages, from tho sumo cause. Surely, such instances call loudly fur a reduction of tho licenses, else au abandonment of tho place. Working ¡ti liko manuor ls not wholesome in- dustry, lt cannot bo oven termed persévérance, it is maro liku tho dying struggles of sumo old olophniit, than a.young euglo Hying its pinions, thu breaking up ol' au old sound lubrlc, rather thnn tho vigorous promptings ol' a young opera- tivo community ho»over, u lbw muro Uuys, ami then., Sofala, May lilli, 1853. 