POLICE COURT. Thursday, 20th October. Before the Police Magistrate. Mary Lyons was fined 40s. Wm. Warren, 20s. for drunkenness the preceding day. o?sCENr LA?GUAGE. I (William Parker was cha rged bI a person of the name of Cramp, 'with using obscene 1~4?-ago towards him in the hearing of the public, whilst in a state of intoxication, on Wednesday atternoon. The defendant was fined 40s, or 49 hours confinement. ORlIOUtS DrvSINiG. John Wilkins was charged by Sere:ant Lid stone, of the Corporatia. Police, with drivin along the dam road from Ashby at a furious and dangerous pace. Lidstone deposed that the defindant was on horseback. and driving two loose horses before him at full gallop, canuin, every person on the read, between the Railway Terminus and the town. to leave it, to prevent being knocked down. He was cautioned and discharged. sute s mREGItER. Malcolm 31'I)onald was called upon to answer the information of Mr Colquhon, owner of the schooner Flash. charging him with ille gally detaining the bottomy register of that vessel. Msr Co!gquhon stated that some months ago he appointed the defendant to sail as master of the above vessel; on Friday last he had occa sion to discharge 31'Donald from the vessel. and required him to hand over the ship's re gister, which he refised complying with. The respondent stated that he never yet refi s !d delivering up the document, and that Mr Co!quhon knew very well that the register had been lodged with Mr Shanks the butcher, in Yarra-street. The Bench, not deeming this sufficiently satisfactory, ordered M'Donald to proceed im mediately to MIr Shanks', obtain3 the register ot the schooner, and hand it over to the owners in public court, which was done. A seaman of the name of Roberts was charged by the master of the schooner Osprey with striking hint with his clenched fist, on the afternoon of Wednesday last. Captain [lodge deposed, that the defendent was discharging on the morning of the above day, and pnid all arrears that were due. lIe left the vessel and xent ashore, but subse quently returned on board, complaining that he had not received all that was due to him, and after usmz some most objectionable lan guate, struck him with his fist and threatened to throw him overboard. It however appeared that the Captain was the first aggressor, by passing his hand over the seaman's tfce in a derisive way, (vulgarly called takirg a lunar.) so the Bench ordered the complaint to be dismissed. William Wallace was brought before the Bench charged by Captain Cartwright of the ship Earl of Dalhousie, under the followirg circumstances, The captain being sworn deposed, that on his last voyage from Sydney to this port, after the vessel had left the former place about three days, he was astonished one morning to see the deftndent trie from the lower deck like a ghost, and make his aprearaace before him; upon enquiring he found that the defendent had clandestine:y conveyed himself on board, whctn at Sydney, and had managed to conceal himseif below for the above period, without his passage money being paid, or his clearance obtained from the Custom House at that port. The Bench afterhearing this statement, or dered the man to be set at liberty, with a recommendation not to attempt a repetition of such conduct. \- o--- 