To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. Gexti/bmen,-Permit me through your very valuable paper to call attention to a paragraph contained in your Thursday's issue (Article - "The Produce, Industry, and Resources of New South Wales, No. XXXI.) which I consider so unwarrantable and so libellous on the true character of the Institution it defence, that however well authenticated.! and true the author's other statements may appear, on this subject at least he is neither truthful nor fair. It is surprising that a man of talent and position (which I assume to be the case in the present instance could so far forget what was due to his own veracity, and the public (by whom this Institution is so well known and so highly valued, as to send forth to the utter- most parts of the world, statements which on the face of them bear the impress of untruth, and in which spleen seems to have taken the place of candour. Now, gentlemen, I am the last man in the world to shield a man, a company, or an institution from just censure, or to deny the right of the public (through the press) to expose and condemn what is wrong But here, the facts are so diametrically opposed to the statements made that I, without any difficulty or com- punction, utterly condemn them. The author states the title of the "Me- chanics School of Arts to be a "miserable misnomer." By far the greater number of its members are mechanics, and clever intellectual mechanics too. By their constant attendance at the reading rooms by the class of works they read by the books proposed by them to he supplied (vide Proposition Book by the care they evince in the preservation of those works, they prove themselves worthy of such an institution. And with the fullest liberality (so far as their means admit the working committee respond to their expressed wishes. This shows the good feeling recipro- cated between the officers and members. In fact, it is essentially what its title import'. I have not been in this colony long enough t to speak from personal experience as to the full term of " the last ten years, but I do say, and I assert it on my knowledge of what a v. Mechanics Institutions" are in the mother country, that no one institution of its kind is better managed, either by Committee >r Librarian than that of Pitt-street, Sydney. No one who has any personal, knowledge of the library or reading rooms but will accord to Mr. Mansfield the fullest praise for the r internal arrangement and management, and bear testimony to his urbanity, his unceasing at sea- tion, and his general ability. I am at a loss how to conceive that a library (in an infant colony) which contains over 4000 volumes, and comprising some of the most valuable and approved standard works of art, literature, and science ; a reference room, containing, among other very rare and valuable works, all the Colonial Journals from 1849 to the present day ; the Government Gazette from 1843 ; the Council Papers from 1843 ; Callaghan's Acts of Council ; Encyclopedia Britannica ; Greek and other Lexicons ; Goold's Birds of Austra- | Ha, complete, c, &e;" or even an " uncata logued collection of unappreciable fossils, in- comprehensible bones, and a few busts and medals -(it is evident the writer is neither a naturalist, on ecologist, an artist, nor a me- dalist)- worthy the adornment of an itinerant dealer's stall," could be the medium of the introduction or " the admission of many principles of evil." Will the writer be good enough to name one or two ? But these " inappreciable" are neither party, uncatalogued, nor neglected by those who understand them and their value ; they are highly esteemed, not on account of their number, but as excellent specimens. With regard to the lectures delivered, let the author of those remarks refer to the papers of the time or to the Reports of the Institution, or enquire of the " mechanics" who attend them, and he is sure to find that they were " connected," were " attended to, and were. on subjects Jit " for the instruction of an audience such as ought {and did) attend such an institution ;" and that they were delivered by competent men. I shall merely state, in order to show what the real value of this insti- I tution to the public is, that no fewer than 182 persons have been proposed, out of which 142 have paid their subscriptions and received their cards of membership juice January last, A pretty good criterion this to judge by. In conclusion, let me invite the author to state why even a minimum " amount of good should be abolished and why the " giving up j the ghost" by this institution, would be ''best- | ter for the literary prospects of the colony at large" ? And I would ask him to explain how it is that (to use his own words) a man who was uninfluenced by any connection, in any manner, at any time, with the society, during a long series of years, could have found means or opportunity truthfully to write from practical experience. I am sadly afraid the frank admission of his knowing nothing of the Institution, is the best criterion by which to judge of his judgment, his knowledge, or his truth. I am, Gentlemen. A STUBBORN FACT. 