THE STATE FUNERAL OF THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON. THE CEREMONIAL AT ST. PAUL'S. Prior to the entry of the solemn cavalcade, we will glance at the interior of that vast cathedral, filled with a crowd of anxious spectators awaiting in breath- less suspense the coming of the relics of the deceased warrior. A breathless hush followed the whisper that flew round the cathedral announcing the arrival in sight of the western porch of the head of that procession that was bearing the remains of the dead Wellington to its last resting-place. The change that a few short weeks had made in the ensemble of the interior of the cathedral was of such a nature as to bear the appearance of being the work of magic. The vast area, now so silent, and yet so crowded-so sombre, and yet so magnificent what a striking contrast did it present with the scene of the day before. On that day the vast space of the church- yard, with its flashing lights and busy groups of artizans, the huge beams carried in and out on the shoulders of workmen, the waggons and their attendant teams freighted with timber (3000 loads of which had been expended in the works), presented a spectacle that would be remarkable anywhere, but the more noticeable in the very centre of the metropolis, in the heart of our most crowded traffic, and under the solemn shadow of our great cathedral. In, round, about, from every part high up in transept, along nave and choir, and deep in the bowels of the subterranean crypt were heard the sounds of the hammer and the axe, which Solomon and Hiram and the early masons, boasted were not perceptible to the ear in the building of the temple of Jerusalem. Now all these sounds were hushed the busy that the figures of the noisy workmen had vanished-the bustle of preparation had ceased ; but in place of all this there was the sublime silence of congregated thousands, assembled to pay respect to the memory of the mighty dead-the funeral magnificence of the shadowy cathedral-the effulgence of myriads of light, softened and subdued by the vast space in which they burned-the large galleries stretching in every direction, filled with dense masses, of spectators in black costume ; their shadowy indistinctness being here and there broken by the brilliant uniforms of the military officers taking a part in the ceremony. On entering the cathedral by the western door the spectator at once became impressed with the grandeur of the result obtained, as well as by the beautiful sim . plicity and truth of the idea which had been carried out, of making the brilliancy of the lighting up subservient to the general effect of the architecture of the noble building, so magnificently, yet so mournfully, illustrated. The loiig,rows'of gas, jets served not as an illumination to attract the eye, but rather as a line of light, along which it was led, over arches, and by cornices and pilasters, and along the nave and choir, around the dome, until, filled with admiration at the ' vast proportions and symmetrical harmony of the whole building, it finally rested upon the masses of black, which made out new outlines along the walls. On each side of the nave were arranged banks of benches, fire in number, except at the openings made by the four arches on each side, up which they stretched to a height of fifty feet. In the centre was a passage eighteen feet in width. Along this the procession was to advance to the centre, where each division would branch off to their allotted places. The members of the House of Commons occupied seats in front of the north transept. The Corporation of London sat behind them. The peers had places fronting the south transept. The nearer relatives and next distinguished mourners were to take their places in the seats provided for them around the inner circle. Over the western window, and at the termination of the nave, over the doorway, there was a half-circle gallery erected, the views from which, when the body of the cathedral was filled with a moving mass, presented a superb coup d'oeil almost beyond the power of pen to describe. This gallery was devoted to the peeresses and their friends. Our readers are aware that the centre circle of the cathedral is formed by the four Urge arches of the nave, the choir, and the transepts north and south. Between each of these four noble arches, surmounted as they are, by what are known as quarter galleries, or openings, these intervenes another minor arch. They are technically (supposed to carry the roof." Each of these minor arches subdivides itself again into two others, which form, the side aisles. A mind but little versed in the nyatierVof architecture cannot fail to recognise in this the intention of the architect to lead the eye of the spectator from the glorious grandeur of the greater arches to the smaller, and thence to those of less dimensions, so that the ideas of proportion, symmetry, and distance should be simultaneously conveyed to his' mind. Over and from these arches springs the dome-the very noblest in the world, surpassing even that of St Peter's. Now, every cornice One of all these arches was brought out by brilliant lots of gas-light, so closely set that, but for their flickering motion, which gave additional life and a sparkling effect, we might have supposed them one stream of flame. Above these beautifully defined lines, stretching east, went north and south, up the choir and down the nave, and along either transept, there circled a golden ring of glorious light that surrounded the whispering gallery, and defined in one unbroken chain of splendour the compass of the dome, whose general colouring, its gilded pilasters, and somewhat faded pictures, were brought out with good effect bright, year sufficiently subdued to conceal their defects. It had been suggested to carry another ring of gaslight round the interior of the dome ; but this it was wisely thought would have been to make the light too prominent, and would have tended to detract from the beautiful effect obtained by the distinct marking out of the great harmonious circle. Far up the minor arches stretched rows of crowded benches, rising into a gloomy distance, and upwards from the vast area of the centre ascended a circle of similar accommodation. The transept arches are each crossed by three galleries. All of which, as well as portions of the interior, were covered with black cloth, occasionally relieved with facings of white. In the centre of the area much interest was excited by the narrow space underneath which lay the gallant Nelson and down which, by an" ingenious adapta- tion of the pulley and the windlass, the body of England's hero, the Iron Duke, was to descend. An op ming had been broken through the pavement down to the crypt beneath, which was covered by a wooden framework, covered with black cloth. Narrow, indeed, was that opening for the greatness of glory that was to go through it to the grave. The noble organ had not been moved. It closed the vista from the nave on entering, and surmounted two high banks of seats, filled by the singers. In the centre of these was an opening, through which appeared the gates of the choir, a portion of the cathedral reserved for the clergy and the choristers, the latter numbering about 100\. " Above the organ the view was finished in by the gilded roof over the high altar, and by the lines of light cut into, and brought out even more prominently, by the various projections of pilasters and cornice which here came more effectively, into review. The floor of the nave and the circle beneath the dome was one gorgeous vision of banners, heraldic insignia, and uniform, tempered by the gravity of ecclesiastical costume. The Earl Marshal, having had intimated to him the desire of the Duchess of Wellington, Lady Charles Wellesley, and others, near relatives of the departed warrior, to be present at the obsequies of their distinguished parent, accorded them one of the upper small galleries on the north-west side of the area, under the dome, where her Grace and Lady Charles in privacy obtained an uninterrupted view of the ceremonial. The members of the House of Commons did not enter the Cathedral till 11 o'clock, having been conveyed from the esplanade of the House by means of steam-boats to Paul's Wharf, from whence to the cathedral a passage was kept clear for their convenience. At the close of the ceremony they returned in the same manner. When the vast multitude had once gained the interior, the access to the sittings was comparatively easy ; the great body of visitors found ready accommodation, but of course every nook and corner were filled. The military and naval officers, in their full uniforms, and various ornamental additions of mourn- ing, had seats provided for them in the two front rows running the whole length of the nave on each side ; but several individual officers, of both services, were dotted here and there among the immense group who occupied the whole of the magnificent building. The red and blue uniforms presented a curious and strik- ing contrast to the male and female mourning every- where around. It had been feared that the heat generated in side the cathedral would be severely oppressive, but this was not at all the case. On the contrary, ventilation was perfectly kept up by a somewhat strong And unpleasant current of air from the top window, w.ith constantly passed through the entire length of the building. Shortly before ten, a little excitement was o-ca sioned by some of the cathedral authorities proceeding up both sides of the floor of the nave, and supplying a large number of copies of the service and anthems for the day. This was certainly very useful ; but the indecorous manner in which they were rolled up and thrown in the audience, like so many paper pellets for the amusement of the spectators, in order to relieve the weariness and tedium of so long a detention, excited marked disapprobation of a proceeding quite incompatible with the occasion and the solemnity of the scene which they were assembled to witness. At a quarter past clc\cn the sound of trumpets was heard from the outside, and the military and naval officers who had been promenading on the floor of the wave immediately resumed their sittings, when the scene presented was one of the most imposing which we have ever witnessed. At twenty minutes past eleven the most solemn stillness prevailed in the interior, and at-the same moment the eyes of every one were turned in the direction of the western door. In five minutes the trumpeters blew a funeral strain, interspersed with the deep-toned roll of muffled drums, mingled every minute with the tolling of St. Paul's great bell, the whole effect of which was to cause a thrill to run through the whole assembly. At half-past eleven, eighty-three of the old Chelsea pensioners marched into the cathedral, followed by twelve enrolled pensioners, and one soldier from every regiment in the service. They were all immediately ranged in sittings on both sides of the nave, and attracted great sympathy and attention. In five minutes more, the chief herald, attended by his officers, proceeded along the have to the western door and in a few minutes the person, supported by two captains, and other flags, borne by officers, entered, followed by the other portions of the procession, in due order. At a quarter-past twelve, the Bishop of London, the dean, and a large number of minor canons and vicars choral, followed by the boys of chapel royal, left the space near the organ, and proceeded to the western entrance. At a few minutes past 0110 Prince Albert entered the cathedral, and, as he proceeded to his position, seemed much affected by the solemnity of the scene which had just burst upon his view, as he looked to the right and the left. At six minutes after one the body entered, and the choir immediately commenced the musical part of the service, proceeding, while they were singing, at a very slow pace, towards the dome, and followed by the body of the late duke. Upon the arrival of the procession at St. Paul's cathedral, a little after twelve o'clock, the marshal men and conductors divided and arranged themselves on each side at the foot of the stops without the great west door; the Chelsea and enrolled pensioners, together with the soldiers from every regiment in Her Majesty's service, (two officers from every regiment having been previously provided with seats in the nave behind the place assigned to the soldiers) proceeding into the nave, filed off right and left; the rest of the procession having alighted, moved forward in order to the west door of the church on entering which they proceeded up the nave. The officers of arms, the officers bearing the banners with their supporters, and the officers of the late duke's household took their places in the area. The deputations and delegations from public bodies, the officers of the Tower of London and of Dover Castle, the Castles of Deal, Walmer, Sandgate, and Sandown the barons and officers of the Cinque Ports, the physicians of the deceased, chaplains and the high sheriff of the county of Southampton, were conducted to their seats. The common council, sheriffs, recorder, aldermen, and lord mayor proceeded to their own seats. The companions, knights commanders, and knights grand cross of the Bath, representing the order of the Both were conducted to the seats appropriated to them; the lords justices, the master of the rolls, the chief baron and chief justices, the other official personages, ministers, and great officers of state, were also conducted to the seats appropriated to them respectively. His Royal Highness Prince Albert was seated in a chair on the right hand of the chief mourner; the suite of his royal highness took places near his royal highness. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge had a seat near his royal highness. The body, when taken from the car, was received by the bishop, dean, canons, and prebendaries, attended by the minor canons and choir, and borne into the church attended and supported as follows j-? in " The Spurs borne by Tfork Herald. The Helmet and Crest borne by Richmond Herald. The Sword and Target borne by Lancaster Herald. The Surcoat borne by Chester Herald. THE BOAT Gentleman The Coronet and Cushion Gentleman Usher, borne by Clarenceux King of Arms, Usher. Till O BO'S BW Sis O GOD O C5 Br g Genntlemon Garter Principal King Gentleman Usher. of Arms. Usher THE CHIEF MOURNERS, In a long Mourning Cloak, Supporter His Train borne by the Supporter The Marquis Hon. Wm. Wellesley. The Marquis of Tweedale. Lord Charles Wellesley, of Salisbury Assistants to the Chief Mourner. Relations. Friends. " The Pall-Bearers were General Viscount Combermere, G.C.B. and G.C.H. General Marquis of Londonderry, G.C.B. and G.C.IT General Viscount Hardinge, G.C.B. Lieutenant-General Lord Seaton, G.C.B., G.C.. M 6 and G.C.H., &c.; ' ' Lieutenant-General Viscount Gough, G.C.B., to. Lieutenant General Sir J. L. Lushington, G.C.B. Lieutenant-General Sir G. Pollock, G.C.B. Major-General Sir Harry G. W. Smith, Bart., G.C.B. The supporters of the pall were seated on stools on each side of the body. The officers bearing the ban needs were ranged behind the supporters of the pall. The chief mourner was seated in a chair at the head of the body ; his supporters on either side ; the train bearer behind, and the assistant mourners upon stools also on either side. The relations and friends of the deceased took places behind the chief mourner. The body being placed on a bier, and the pall being removed, the coronet and cushion were placed on the coffin, as also the field marshal's baton of the deceased. The foreign batons were held during the ceremony by military officers of high rank in the respective armies of the different foreign powers and they and their supporters, and the Marquis of Anglesey and his supporters occupied stools at the foot of the coffin. " As the procession moved from the great west door, the commencement of the service for the burial of the dead was sung by the minor canons, vicars, choral,' &c.; of St. Paul's cathedral, assisted by the gentlemen of Her Majesty's chapels royal, and the vicars choral of the collegiate church of St. Peter, Westminster, and several other gentlemen, the music being by Mr. Crotch. The choir then chaunted Domine refulgium, the prayer-book version of the 90th Psalm, the music composed by the Earl of Mornington. This chaunt was immediately followed by an anthem, the music composed by Mr. John Goss, the organist of St. Paul's cathedral: " If we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. " Wherefore comfort one another with these words." Dr. Millman, the Dean of St. Paul's, now read, in a most impressive manner the lesson taken from 1 Cor. xv, commencing at the 20th verse u Now is Christ risen from the dead." At the conclusion of the lesson, Kane Dimitlieyra» chaunted, the music by Beethoven : " Lord, now latest Thou Thy servant depart in peace according to Thy word. " For mine eyes have seen Thy salvation, which Thou hast prepared before the face of all people." The chair was immediately followed by a dirge, the music of which was, we were informed, composed expressly for the present solemn occasion by Mr. John Goss, the Cathedral organist : " And the King said to all the people that were with him, Rend your clothes and give you with sackcloth and mourn And the King himself followed the bier. " And they buried him. And the King lifted up his voice and wept at the grave, and all the people west. And the King said unto his servants, Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel ?" This dirge was accompanied by trumpets, which materially added to the general effect. Indeed, the whole music of the dirge was most touchingly beautiful, and impressively solemn. The dirge being concluded, the Dead March was performed ; during which the body was deposited in the vault, by means of an ingenious adaptation of the pulley and windlass. As soon as this affecting part of the ceremony had been completed, which occupied but a few minutes, the choir sang the beautiful piece, the music of which was selected from Croft and 'Purcell, " Man that is born of a woman." Dr. Mill man, the dean, then said " Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God of His great mercy to take unto Himself the soul of our dear or other here depicted, we therefore commit his body to the ground ; earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust in sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life, through our Lord Jesus Christ : who shall change our vile body, that it may be like unto His glorious body, according to the mighty working, whereby He is able to subdue all things to Himself." At the conclusion of this committal of the body to the ground, the whole choir sang (the music by Dr. Croft) : "I heard a voice from heaven, saying unto me, Write, from henceforth blessed are the dead which die in the Lord: even so, saith the Spirit; for they rest from their labours." The congregation were then requested to join in the responses to the Lord's Prayer, in which every individual of the vast assembly uttered his and her voice in the most deeply affecting manner, producing upon our minds an effect which can never be obliterated so long as memory shall last. Dr. Millman then offered up a prayer and collect. A selection from Handel's funeral anthem was now performed, the verse part, "His body is buried in peace ;" and the chorus, " But his name liveth over- more," by the gentlemen of the choir. This portion of the service being ended, Garter King of Arms declared the titles, are. of deceased, as follows: Arthur Wellesley was The Most High, Mighty, and Most Noble Prince Duke of Wellington Marquis of Wellington Marquis of Douro Earl of Wellington, in Somerset Viscount Wellington, of Talavera ' Baron Douro, of Wellesley Prince of Waterloo, in the Netherlands Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo, in Spain Duke of Bruno, in France Duke of Vittoria Marquis of Torres Vedras Count of Vimiera, in Portugal A Grandee of the first class in Spain A Privy Councillor Commander-in-chief of the British Army Colonel of the Grenadier Guards Colonel of the Rifle Brigade " - J- " ""4;, A Field-marshal of Great Britain - A Marshal of Russia A Marshal of Austria " " A Marshal of France, A Marshal of Prussia A Marshal of Spain A Marshal of Portugal ' . ' A Marshal of the Netherlands A Knight of the Garter A Knight of the Holy Ghost " V A Knight of the Golden Fleece ' A Knight Grand Cross of the Bath <r A Knight Grand Cross of Hanover A Knight of the Black Eagle A Knight of the Tower and Sword < , . A Knight of San Fernando A Knight of William of the Low Countries A Knight of Charles the Third A Knight of the Sword of Sweden ' "! A Knight of St. Andrew of Russia A Knight of the Annunciation of Sardinia A Knight of the Elephant of Denmark A Knight of Maria Theresa A Knight of St. George of Russia A Knight of the Crown of Rue of Saxony A Knight of Fidelity of Baden A Knight of Maximilian Joseph of Bavaria A Knight of St. Alexander Nevsky of Russia A Knight of St. Hermenegildo of Spain A Knight of the Red Eagle of Bradanburgh A Knight of St. Januarius A Knight of the Golden Lion of Hesse Cassel A Knight of the Lion of Baden A Knight of Merit of Wurtemberg The Lord High Constable of England The Constable of the Tower The Constable of Dover Castle Warden of the Cinque Ports A Chancellor of the Cinque Ports V-E Admiral of the Cinque Ports ) as.. .'Jiord-Lleatenant of Tarawingee . - Lord-Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets Ranger of St James's-park Ranger of Hyde-park Chancellor of the university of Oxford Commissioner of the Royal Military College Vice-President of the Scottish Naval and Military Academy The Master of the Trinity House A Governor of King's College A Governor of the Charter House A Trustee of the Hunterian Museum A Doctor of Laws &c.; do. so This done, the comptroller of the deceased, breaking his staff, gave the pieces to Garter, by whom they were deposited in the grave. The several orders were their coffins. The following hymn from Mendelssohn's "St, Paul" was now sung: Sleepers, wake I a voice is calling: It is the watchman on the walls, ? Thou city of Jerusalem I For for the Bridegroom comes. Arise, and take your lamps ! Hallelujah 1 Awake 1 His Kingdom is at hand. { Go forth to meet your Lord 1" The whole of the ceremony was then concluded by the Bishop of London pronouncing the benediction. The whole of the interesting proceedings terminated at ten minutes before three o'clock. The bells of the whole of the churches of the cities of London and Westminster were tolled during the cathedral service, as had been officially requested by the Bishop of London. Thus terminated the funeral obsequies of the late Duke of Wellington at requiescat in pace till the last trump shall sound when the dead, both great and small, shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed; and Death itself swallowed up in victory. THe DUKE'S LAST RESTING-PLACE. The opening to the crypt into which the Duke's remains have been deposited with so much solemn formality and ceremony, was made under the dome, where the circular brass grating was let into the floor. Looking down from the cathedral, the depths below appear pitchy dark, and every now and then comes a gust of cold earthly smelling wind-the breath of the Sepulchre, which makes the spectator turn instinctively away. We found our way to the crypt, which is divided, like the building above, into three aisles or passages by massive stone piers no less than forty feet square, and capable of sustaining the vast weight of the superincumbent pile of masonry. Underneath the dome the floor is supported by a circle of columns terminating in gothic arches, and in the centre of these rest the remains of Lord Nelson, while near him lie the remains of his brother and family. On the south side is the grave of Sir Christopher Wren, covered with a flat plain stone, which merely states that he died in 1723, aged ninety-one, and near his tomb on the adjoining wall, is a tablet bearing his well-known epitaph, which is also placed close to the choir entrance.-" Si monumentum queens, circumspice !" Near the architect's grave are these of some of our greatest painters, and as Mr. Leslie, in his work, says, of Westminster Abbey has its Poet's' corner, so has St. Paul's its Painters' corner. Sir Joshua Reynold's statue, by Flaxman, and his grave are here, and near him The Barry, Lawrence, Opie, and above all the ashes of the great Vandyke. Close at hand is an inscribed stone marking the last resting- place of J. W. Turner, and here is also placed Robert Mylne, the architect of Blackfriars-bridge and Rennie, the engineer of London-bridge. The remains of Nelson are within an altar tomb, surmounted by a black marble sarcophagus made by order of Cardinal Wolsey. The sarcophagus, which bears a viscount's coronet on a cushion, has been removed to some distance, and the bier and coffin of the Duke of Wellington were temporarily lowered upon the tomb by the machinery for the purpose This machinery was invisible, and the cores and pulses which it was originally intended to use for this purpose were dispensed with. Near the circular portion of the crypt lies the body of Lord Collingwood, who, at his own request, was buried near Lord Nelson; and on the opposite side lies Lord Northesk, who also distinguished himself at the battle of Trafalgar. Proceeding further into the crypt in a dark and deep recess near the east wall we come to some of the remains of the old monuments which were saved from the fire. In the south aisle of the crypt there is an interesting monument of the great architect. It is a female figure in white marble, seated at an organ, representing Sir Christopher's favourite daughter, who was not only a good musician, but designed several churches. His son, the last of his race, his great grand-daughter to whom a white marble tablet has been erected are grouped around. A good many contradictory statements, and a variety of suggestions, had been put forward relative to the precise spot in which the remains of the illustrious warrior were to be placed. It was in the first instance proposed by those having the management of the funeral obsequies, to remove the granite slabs which enclose the remains of Nelson with those of his brother, and thus place the naval and military heroes equally in the centre of the crypt. Subsequently, it was considered that a more convenient place might be found at the foot of Nelson's tomb ; out this arrangement was ultimately altered and the remains have been placed a little to the east of those , of Nelson, and lying parallel with his. The coffin, as we have already stated, was temporarily lowered upon the tomb of Nelson. The opening in the centre of the flour was due east and west, and the foot of the coffin lies towards the choir. 