THE ritbSPECTS OE THE Cl OLD MELDS. (I'rom tita, Ary tia, July 5.) ! Mr, EMU Hopkiun, whoso lotter on tho declino of tlio Viutorlu gold Holds appeared lu a rceont IBSIIO of tho Aryua, is tho manager of an English froid mining company. Mr. Hopkin» caine but toro many months ago, wo bel ¡ovo with full ex- pectation of hoing'Aldo to mnko his constituants nah by means af hired labour employed upon tho gold holds of Victoria ; but ho finds, provokingly enough, that labouring mon ut tho diggings profer to form companies for thomsolvos, and to share their own'dividends, and ho has not yet boen onnblcd to carry out Iiis operations on a Boalo commensurate with his wishes. Mr. Hop- kins is, thcrcforo, to a cor tain cxtont, a disnp pointed man, and his testimony on tho subjoct of our gold Holds is not likely to bo us impartial as could bo desired. ' -. At tho same limo tho question ho moots is a vory important ano. Tito welfare of this colony, and of tlio vast multitudes who aro Hooking to it, is in a yory groat mensuro dépendent on " tho oxtont nnd permanency" of our mutallio wealth. Vast commercial interests aro' likewiso involved, and it is cortnin that, on all aocounts, we cannot too often or too carefully examino and ostimato tho condition nnd prospects of our gold Holds. Mr. Hopkins nccusos tho correspondents of tho Tress of giving oxnpgoratod accounts of tho various diggings, and intimates that tho Press is to a oortafii degreo " rosponslblo for tho distress now arid for somo timo' past' witnessed amongst tho innumerable gold-scokors" who havo been in- duced by tho high-coloured accounts of " our own correspondent*" to como* to the colony. This is a gravo aoousntion, hut it is a very vague OIIP, and tho only reply it deserves, ls a domnnd on our part that Mr. Hop- kins will point out tho hlgh- oolotirod ncoounts to which ho nlludes. Wo know of no such accounts. Un tho contrary, wo bullovo that no accounts by any of our correspondents have como up to tho marvellous roalitios shown by tlio olliolnl rotuniB,. tho figures of 'which oolipso all tho figures of speech employed in tho most imuglnatlvo of our our communications from the diggings. Wo llkowlno demur lo tho term "distress of in- numerable gold-seekers." If -pcoplo who aro un- fitted for tho colony pour in npou lt, tim responsi- bility nf their lind Btiucunn is onliroly their own. 'Pp all who aro ablu and'willing to work, there is ?no'* better country, ntid 'to .nono..other» diavtyin ilucomeiitscv'ct' been'hold out hy"tho pteBydr, so 'flir"as wo knbwvby any-one else in; this, ifOtmlry. Besides willah, iu every summary that'woj'havo propnred fur England, wo Imvu rellnratod Ibu fact that pcoplo coming bore, carno to a colony curial with bad Government ; and if, tn tho foco of those, wurniogs, they obos« to take their chance, and hating now arrived they do not lend their assist- ance to improve it, they may thank themselves, not us, for the myriad evils which always havo aooompnnicd so great a national misfortune. If tho lands hnd been thrown open to tho people, as Uley ought, to have been, and as tboy would have boon, by any but such a ghost of a'Governor'ns Mr.'Lï Trono, should wo now hoar of one-half tho misery and discomfort wbioh haunt tho dreams of this most benevolent of goldr mining managers ? And is suob misory to bo laid to our door ? Have wc, or Air. Hopkins, done most to arrest publio otteution to that,' nnd tho other crving evils of tho now comer? Havo wo or ho worked hardest to alleviate thom? Mr. Hopkins makes another vory vngno and most unsatisfactory statement. "Mo docs not moan to say that a few' more discoveries may not bo mada iu different purts of the colony, which may alford a profitable occupation to a large number of industrious diggers for ninny years to come," but ho docs maintain that " there ia nothing to justify tho extravagant ostimutes that have boen and aro being mnde." Now, hore again thoro is nothing to reply to ; when wo como to grnpplo with Mr. Hopkins, wo find nothing but ' words convoying tho vaguest generalities. Let . Mr. 'Hopkins tell us what estimates ho means, and thou, wo sholl bo able to dotcrinine whether. "or not they aro extravagant. .In tho meantime, judging from tho statements made by Mr, Hopkins, and tho way iu which hu has put them forward, wu cannot cuusidor him tho very bust authority on thc subject. Mr. Hopkins makes au aggroguto .comparison between tho ullin bora of diggers, and tho produce of gold in October lail, and at tho present limo, showing a great diminution iu Ipo yield ot" " niotullio wealth." Ho alleges that tho gold Colds aro scattered, and of a superficial character- that they aro being rapidly exhausted, and that thoro are no mines to full back upon. Herc, again, wo must ask Mr. Hopkins for his authority, for the whole of Iiis statements aro iu tho mcantimo baro nssortion, and somo of them are, in our humble opinion, altogothor incapable of proof. With regard to tho numbers of diggers, it is certain that a very large number of persons have como into tho colony BinuB October ; but Mr. Hopkins leaves out of sight tho fact that, in October, building operations, and neatly overy othor industrial pur- suit, wore at a standstill; nnd that marly all who now arrive, or an equal number of diggers, aro engaged in tho innumerable branches ot in- dustry, publio works, Ste, tbat aro at prcsont nctively prosecuted, But even supposing tho num- bers and sums stated by him wcro correct, it is uttorly fallacious to estimate tba value of otu gold-fields in this way. Where gold is so exten- sively diffused, ns it is proved to bo in this country, peculiarly rich fields will nt particular times bo found, and tho general value of tho catiro fields can only ho luoortuined on a coinpa lison of eovornl years. According to similar cs-, thnntcs made hy tho Hopkinson of Callftmia, tho gold-fields of that country ought now to bo nearly exhausted ; yet it so happens that their yield each year siiico their discovery hus gouo on in- creasing. It is woll known to Ihoso who are familiar witli statistics, that according as facts are stated, they can bo made oither to iii ust ra to truth, or to clonk a fallacy. Mr. Hopkins ha« chosan tho. latter process by his system of uggregnto comparisons. As wo havo no ond or object oxcotit to elicit tho nottial truth, wo shall adopt a different pinn, by exhibiting to our renders tho particular facts ro gnrding each gold-field, so far as authentically known, and our readers will then bo ablo to judge for themselves as to the probnblo " extent mid permanency of our motallio wealth." Wo subjoin a tablo exhibiting at a glanco the total amounts which have been conveyed by tito Government aad Private Escort Companies. Of course this does not ind ¡cato tho amounts actually raised, for we do not oven estimate tlio amounts conveyod by private persons or thososont by escort to ' Adelaida and Sydnoy. Tho tnble merely furnishes a means of comparison with tho samo period last year. Wo may remark that tho Government escorts, then alone in operation, brought gold from Bullara!, but tho rospcotlve accounts wcro not kopt cntiroly sopnrato till September, which accounts fur their being plaecd up to that month under tho heading ot Mount Alexander. AMOUNTS OP OOM! CONVEYED J'Y KSCOllT IO MEL110U11NE AND GEELONG. Mount Aloxanaer. . Hallnrat. Oreus. M'ivor. 1861. Oct. 0,241 Nov. 80,430 Deo. 84,842 1862. Jan. 63,008 ... ... " l'ol>. 66,880 March 01,380 ... ... , April 07,660 May 09,463 ... ... ... Juno lOS.n&O; July 282,010 August 280,775. Sept. 312,00-1 20,llin Oct. «¡57,48-1 27,088 Nov. , 281,876 0I.U3U 0,4110 lloo. 107,001 30,414 22,183 1863. J«n. 142,034 14,822 20,160 ïub. 126,003 10,381 30,40U Marah 116,270 18,386 32,7l>4 April 116,203 23,074 23,164 May 110,600 13,803 0,001 0,630 Juno 88,800 .', 17,340 12,020 22,713 Now, wo nBk any impartial person who knows tlio naturo of our gold Holds, to oxnmiuo tho above table, and say whethor it hears out Mr. Hopkins's assortions as to the declino of our gold Holds. 6 In Juno last year wo bad two gold Holds, which had been commenced a few mouths previously, which wcro then beginning to bo enormously pro- ductive, mid. continued to be so till tho water j failed in Doccniber. It is yoi to be demonstrated whether in tho present seimon equal rosults may bo expected at tho samo mines ; we confess wo du not anticípalo anything of the »ort. Hut this wo say, that in nddition to thu old mines, which aro probably partially cleared of their treasures, . wu have two now ones of equal promise now being developed. One of these, tho Ovens, is what is culled wet diggings, which can bo worked only in summer. It is.bolioved, ou fair grounds, that those aro equally rich "and as extensivo ns tho fields previously discovered. Wo havo next tho M'lvor diggings, which, it must ho admitted, aro of very great promise ; and hoing In tho lino of the Ovens, thero is a renson nblo ground for believing that tho wholo country,, from Ballarat tu Spring Crock, and probably throughout tho Australian Alps, is riohly '.auri- ferous. This ia tho extent to which wo go, and wo aro' to tills extent, at isstto with Mr. Hopkins. Our mines may bo " scattered," but wo hold it to bo grossly , absurd, until we know moro about tho matter, to allego that they aro not connoatod, that they aro either "superficial,'1 or "aro hoing rapidly exhausted.'' Though we do not wish to paint too glowing a picture, wo aro lcd by tlio cvldcnoo before us to entertain expectations of a bright future In addition to tho two mines possessed by tlio co- lonists at this timo last year, - they havo now two more, nt least of not inferior promise. Wo ray nothing of tho reasonable probability of further discoveries ; but with what wo have wo assort that no ono ii entitled-in renson to predict a speedy exhaustion sf the gold minos of Victoria. 