THE EM Pl ll E. S.mUUUY. J A NU AU Y 15, 1S.VJ. TUE NATIONAL SKNTl.MENT Of FKANCE. TUE con ríe of events still appears j to run tolerably smooth in Europe ! since tho notable usurpation of the . French President was consummated, and the apprehensions ot the lovers ot con- ( stitutional Government were roused. A j year ago. i» was hard to thiuk so titre a profligacy would Iv unattended with shocks which won Kl reverberate through tho vrorhî. To wh.tt is it owing that sneh j effects have ito; boen produced "? Certainly neither to the peaceable disposition, nor ' to the moral integrity ot" the Usurper, j Perhaps some will doub: the propriety or ' keeping up this hard name, after it has , boen found praetiea'lv harinle&í to the t world. * ! The doub: ts unreasonable. Nothing : can alter the nature and guilt of the act I by which all the liberties of France were laid prostrate. A prudential modera- tion observe»! sul'»ei|uently canuo: justify treachery, perjura-, and tan rd er. All that Louis Napoleon did remains recorded against him. Ile has had his own reasons for whatever of moderation he has shown : bus they are such i reasons as would no; justify confidence, j I that he would not imbrue hts hands in the blood of the whole of Europe if he could, and i; served his purpose. ¡ The war continually waged by the President again*: the peu and the press, is aloue quite sufficient to show the cha : factor o: his rule aud the nature of his fears. A groa: hoax has. perhaps, boen [ attempted :o bo played off upon the I i world, itt the pretence that France has | ; accepted hts deeds and approved them. \ lt is easy to say so with such means as he i ?t has in hand for «he suppression of inquiry. ' But this one thing is more than enough to ! create suspicion-if Louis Napoleón be so j confident of the goodwill of the French [ people, why not allow them the use of a I f.ve press to 5 JU nd his praise. How ir I rational the restraint, which caa only I throw suspictcu on his veracity .' YVh.it ecer tuay be true, or whatever false, this one thing at least is true, that the free press of France has leen completely strangled by the lund of physical power, the power of artus. Men j do not, unless insane, strangle those they j know to Iv friends engaged ir. their de fence. Tho net of suppression betray« something moro than a suspicion,. that, with tho press awnkonnd in' action, the form of despotism with 'which tho Govern- ment is now clothed would quickly breathe its Inst. Even with the English Press the President continrics nt war. Tho French peoplo nro riot suffered .to kuow what their neighbours say of their case ; nnd in France none inay speak out but tho Moniteur. For tho statements in that miserablo organ of tyranny, unbounded confidence is claimed, and querulous com- plaints are raised against those English journals which call thoso statements in question. But, as in every other case of tyranny, reasoning is felt to bo a sword moro dangerous to tho wielder: than lo the antagonist, and so it is" withhold. It is tho wrong sort of weapon, and a steel blade is far better. Yet this will not cut across thc water ; and so tho ghost' of slaughtered liberty arises-in spite of the nets and threats of tbe tyrant, waked by tho potent invocation of tho British Press to terrify him in tho revelry of his Totes and in tho loneliness of Iiis closet. He may deny the hundreds or the thousands ho wantonly slaughtered in his road to n throne, but tho denial is not a disproof bo had better sot tho tongue and tho pen of Paris and of Franco free ta defend him. Seeming moderation, however, un- doubtedly attaches to tho Councils of. this nephew of Napoleóni tho Great. Several reasons may bo' assigned for this. Ile wants to bo Emperor, and he wants to beguile Franco with amusements, and to intoxicate it with magnificence, that it may blindly make : him so. Mo is therefore compelled to do popular things, which he craftily takes caro shall not be ol' too much value. He must not endanger his hopes. Then, England is now too wiso to wnr with Franco about its internal affairs, and it would thus be lund for him to pick a quarrel which might embitter both nations against bim. lie is thus unable to carry out schemes of aggression. But all this does not provo thc absence of a disposition-to bo all that, a tyrant would be. Tho real prowess, however,of thc man may be doubted. That man is not a hero, but a coward,'¿who will order his butchers to slaughter nt random hundreds of unresisting human beings in tho open streets of his Capital. It is, under all the circumstances of tho case, exceedingly difficult to form an opinion, ns to the actual participation of the French nation in tho evil dis- position of its President. No voice is suffered to tell the full state of tho case. What number of persons would bo found to applaud him, if tho re- straints of terror, and tho seductions of empty shows were withdrawn, nobody can tell. It is but too certain that tho Gallic peoplo aro not apt for truo liberty, or con- sistent defenders of tho claims of mankind. Thc rights of one nation arc with them not as the rights of auother. In their opiniqn all flesh «re not ns ono brotherhood. They oppress where they eau do it without suf- fering an equal return. The South Seas will bear abundant witness to that fact. Thc usurpation of Tahiti has. been con- tinued under every form of Government at homo, and with equal rigour and injustice. This may surely lead to tho suspicion that tho criminal conduct of tho present Presi- dent is too much in harmony with the dis- positions of thc nation at large. It is tit to substantiate this remark by a reference to the actual stato of that island in a religious point of view. Every one will recollect, that it was tho London Mis- sionary Society's Agents that abolished idolatry there, and spread the forms of Christianity all around. Tho Missionaries ofthat Society have now been superseded by the French Protectorate, and a sort of national establishment instituted iu place of tlie Missionary Churches. No permis- sion is allowed for a different order of things. Only three foreign, that is, F.ng lish. ministers were occupied in May last under the new arrangement ; and of these, two had before ceased to belong to the Mission. These three are now on French pay. The places ot the others are filled up by incompetent natives under the same au- thority. The Missionaries who objected to act on these terms are not suffered to visit the districts at all. No miuisterof one dis- trict is suffered to visit that of another, without a written request : and no district is to have more than one minister. In this manner all meetings ot ministers for religions or ecclesiastical purposes are utterly prevented. Such i> the stat« of Protestantism and of religious liberty under the French Protectorate of Tahiti. Kow we maintain that the ni ti o a which will saner its rulers, whatever the nsme they bear., to act thus towards a foreign people, is deeply stained with the guilt of oppression, and carries on its brow too many proofs that it is ia s condition morally nt for its. own deep prostrati« a It must be already prostrate ic soul before its political degradation takes place. 