\- THE CALORIC SHIP-ERICSSON.- - The following nt l ¡clo on tlio caloric ship Ericsson is from thc Kew York Independent, and is written by tho celebrated Congregationalist of Brooklyn, Henry Ward Beecher, broilier to Har- riet Hotelier ritowo, authoress of " Uncle Tom's Cubhi. Mr. Beecher Bays, publicly, " This ca- loric principle will be the greatest missionary ever sent forth.'' " The Ericsson is externally a first-class steam- ship, perhaps n trifle neater, trimmer, and more graceful flinn usual ¡ seem- ingly a steamship-the samo contrast of black a:rl gold, the samo high-arching paddle-boxes, revealing thc red iron wheels and floats, tho same half-way preparation for canvas". But really and within, what Blrange work ! ' No steam, and no boileis to make steam, and no place lo put them if thoy were wanted. No smoke, and no chimneys worth naming. No more hiss and roar, no moro explosion. Hereafter all is to be dry and still. This is tho caloric ship. A costly experiment truly, and, if successful, destined to work an entire revolution in mnchauici, nothing les! than an entire disuse of steam as a motor. There is something sublime in. tho daring dis- played in this undertaking ; n single invention entering thc lists and challenging tho perfected work ol' agc?. Tho daring wins attention mid commands ¡»tensest interest. Tho marino steam engine is the result of years of experiment and study, and consequent progress. Avery few ye.irs ago no workshop in the world would'liave dared to undertake such- massive work. Castings of 40 tons Weight, and complicated in tho list dogreo ; Bhafts of wrought iron welded up big as a pine trco ; cylinders large enough for a comfortable bedroom. Had any man dared devise tho work, and execute- tho drawings, no shop could havo sa- tisfied tho conditions ; but now, by short, and slow, and easy steps, every dimension has been increased inch by inch, until nt last our engines seem like tho very wheels nnd machinery of na- ture. We build iron caverns, pour in an ocean, and set them over volcanoes, and modestly call them boilers nnd furnaces, as it were a mero do. vice to boil eggs withal. A nair of first-class side-lever marino engines, slowly swinging their i ni menso proportions to and fro in ponderous si lenno, approach as near to sublimity as it is law- ful for the work of man to come. Ho that can look upon them with no emotion of awe, and no thrill of apprehension, will do woll to bo anxious ut once about his soul. Notwithstanding this, and unabashed by the imperial renown and ma- jesty of the modern engine, there is come an un- known champion into the lists to dispute tho em- pire and claim tho first rank to itself. Not by slow steps of progress does it propose to rise to dominion. Not by a long apprenticeship or slavery to pumps, mills, ferries, and river-boats, tho steps by which steam attained to royally, not so will tho caloric engine win its way. All or nothing. All at once, or nothing. And so tho hull is builded and launched, such a hull as has never before been set afloat for beauty, strength, and costliness. Her register is over .2000 tons. Tliero are not ten ^learners in tho world larger than she, and not ono of equal workmanship in respect of seaworthiness and strength. Her en- gines are built with the saiuo elegance and preci- sion that wo should anticipate were they thc 50th instead of tho first of their kind. . l'our huge cylinders, each 13 feet in diameter-OG inches is tho largest diameter tho writer ever saw given to a steam cylinder- arc to ho sot in a lino along tiio keel. Under each is a little furnace, having two smnll fire-doors, each furnace ca- pable of holding porhaps throe or four bushels of coal. A ton of authracito will start them all. Each pair of cylinders constitute au engine. Their united power is transmitted to a single crank upon the main shaft. Tho agent that ls j to glvo motion is air, expanded by thc heat of tho furnaces nlrendy named. Tho detail of ' valves, &c.;, must be, iu effect, identical in nil reciprocating- cylinder engines, whatovor bo tho motor. In tho caloric engine tho valve chests are just like those in uso in the ordinary "beam engins.'.' In a word, the caloric cngino is a steam-engine modo to go by elastic expansive air at a low pressure, instead of elastic expansive steam at a higher pressure. Hence tho necessity of so many and so enormous cylinders ; for, tho hoing less than in a stonm-cngiiio, of course tho nrea, or number of square inches, must bs increased by tho same ratio or faotor that measures tho decrease of pressure if wo would secure äquivalent effects in tho two cases. This is done by four-folding tho area of each cylinder, and by doubling their number. Four'l3-feet cylinders, with a pressure of 1 lb. to tho inch, friction aside, will yield as much power ns ono cylinder 78 indies in diameter, with 16 lb. pres- sure to the square inch. Tho advantages claimed for the caloric engine aro imposing. 1. Economy of space. A moment's inspection justifies and admits this claim. 2. Safety from explosion mid accident. This, too, is undeniable. 3. Inci- dental ventilation for tho ontiro ship, since it is proposed to .draw tho supplies of air from -tho ship's hull. This, also, seems ijdisputable. -1. Economy iu first cost. The engine is about equal in cost to a steam-engine, and heneo saves tho cost of boilers, having no uso for them. 5. Economy in running, requiring but one-fifth tho mon. This remains to bo proved. C. Lastly and chiefly, economy in fuel ¡ a saving of nine tenths, or at least four-öftln», tho 1'uol ordinarily consumed by s'.oam-cngincs of equal power. This remains to bo proved. Will tho engines fulfil the inventor's expectations? Will they" work? A tough question, Tho writer cannot hagard an.opinion, not having seeii tito soul Of the invention, " tho regenerator,'' aa tho inventor has christened it, nu attachment sustaining tho samo relation to a caloño cngino that a "con- denser" does to a steam ongine. There is no question as to whether air will expand by heat ; expanding, it will drivo a piston, no doubt ; about theso elemental postulates there can be no ques- tion. Moist air will expand hy h'gher ratioi. than dry air ; but oven dry uir will increase its volume | over IO por oont. bv rcoeiving 90 degrees of heat; ordinary atmospheric air increases its volume 50 por cent, between zero and the boiling point. (Encyc. Met., " I'neuraat.," §§ 20-21.) But the quostion, " Can air bo quickly boated and quickly cooled? cuu it bc mado to shrink in tho cylinder instantly, as steam does when it cspnpos iuto thc condenser ?"-this is a question which tho writer cannot answer. Captain Ericsson's " regene- rator'' is intended to accomplish this. It is to i heat tho air as it rushes into tho cylinder, aud cool tho air, or reccivo hack the bout, all hut 34 j or 40 degrees lost by radiation, as tho air makes its escape. Furthermore, it is to dischargo this office promptly, instantly, so that tho slenderest voluino will, on entering, bocomo round, and stout, and portly AB an alderman; but on retiring, unliko tho alderman, will disgorgo its getting^, ond go forth slim ns it carno, and leave its boat mid sudden portliness fur tho next occu fiant. Tho furnaces have need to supply only tho ittle loss of 30 degrees or so out of 400 or 500 which thc,air receives by inheritance from its predecessors, merely tho leakage bjr radiation. Such claims' os theso exoito scepticism. Thoy do not necessarily iuvolvo an absurdity, and if tho Krogeporator'' will do what is clnimcd to be doing.already in nu experimental ongine, thon bayoud a question the calorio ongine will work, aud tho days of steam aro numborcd. A few weeks will scttlo thc question. Tho Ericsson is afloat, and her engines aro woll nigh complete. Expectation is on tiptoe." / Wo copy tho following from tho Areto> York Home Journal :-" If Captain Ericsson wore not a quiet roan, ono who likes to rc voa 1 himself to the world by doods, not words, tho wholo nation would havo'beon by this time on the tip- too of expectation with regard to thc experiment in preparation under his. superintendence. If tho oalorio engino shall provo to ho nil that is pre- dicted for it, Captain Ericsson has mado a dis- covery moto important than any ono willoh has Btartlod tho world silica tho invonlion of tho locomotive. Wo shnll just sot down tho claimed advantages of the calorio over tho steam- engine, and every rondor will ncroeivo tho sweeping and stupendous nature of tho revolution in all mate- rial affairs . which its success will.- gradually otTect :-1. Tho. calorio ongiuo burns about ouc terith an much fuel ns a sloum-cngiuo ; benco a calorio ship of tho largest sizo may circumnavi- gate the globe without stopping to take in ooal ; hence, not a snit will ever bo aeon on tho ocean in SO. years niter tlio success of tho naw principia ls curtain ; boneo,' macliinury- will bo npplioil to a thousand arti wbloh ?ow' rtqulre nuuil labour ; each square inch of piston-head hence, the possibility ot the machine-plough; ? mid hence the coming of that good time when arduous manual toil will absolutely ceaso under ' (ho SUD. 2. The cost of thc caloric engino is about tho same as thc steam-engine, minus tho cost of the boilers. 3. Only one-fourth as many enginemen will be required on board a caloric ship as aro necessary for a steamer. 4. No smoke whatever will issue from a caloric furnace when anthracite is used, and consequently no huge, unsightly smoke- pipe will bc necessary, and the rigging will be as clean as that of a sailing- ship. 5. There can bc no bursting or collapsing of boilers, for the simple reason that there will be no boilers to burst. Tho worst accident that can happen to a caloric engine is for it to stop; nor is watchfulness impera- tively required, as in no case can a dangerous accident occur. C. Owing to the extreme sim- plicity of tho caloric engine, thc wear and tear will^ be very slight, nîid tho duration of the engines proportionally long.- And the reader must bear in mind that thtse are not morely tho confident anticipations of an ardent inventor. Tivo engines on toe caloric principle already exist, which work to admiration, and which may bo in8pei!ted at tho factory of Messrs. Hogg and Delametcr, at the foot of Thirteenth-street, on the North River. The working of ono of these was so satisfactory that tho aculo and prudent merchant, Mr. John B. Hitching, together with a few friends, embarked 300,000 dollars in tho construction of a ship of 2,000 tons burden, to test tho new principle on a scala of such magnifi- cence as to command the attention of the civilised world. That ship, which has been worthily named the " Ericsson,*' will be launched in a day or two, and is expected to make her trial trip about thc 1st of November. If the Ericsson ' proves a success, that trip will justly be regarded as the great event of tho your 1852. Wo havo called the calorio a new principle, but it is not. The Ericsson will be propelled by the same força as that which causes the draught in a warm room, a hurricane in the tropics, a breezo on a summer's day, a north-wester in winter, and every other movement of the air, namely, th« expansion of atmospheric air by heat. Captain Ericsson's calorio engine will have inside of it s> caged hurricane, artificially produced,-and per- fectly under command. Tho expanded air wilt work tho piston just as steam does, with the fol- lowing most important difference :-When a por- tion of steam has dono its work in imparting to the piston ono movement, that portion escapes and OTOIB, that is, ceases to be steam, and now steam has to ho created to supply its place ; hence tho vast consumption of fuel. But in the calorio engine it is otherwise. The hot air, after having given a stroke to the piston, does not escape, but is caught and caged again, yield- ing back to tho reservoir all but about 30 degrees ' of its beat, out of tho' 4S0 which it had when it entered thc cylinder ; hence tho economy of the calorio engine. Tho contrivance by which Cap- tain Ericsson effects this recapture of tho'used tempest is called tho "regenerator," and it is one of tho most ingenious, yet one of the most simple, pieces of mechanism in existence. It ia made of wiro net, like that of a sieve, and is com- posed of a sufiicicut number of layers to form a thickness of several inches. Into this, and through this, the hot oir passes «s it leaves the engine, and, by coming in contact with Buchan - ¡inmenso surface of iron, it leaves its heat beh'nd . it, bjing instantaneously robbed and coolod by its passage through the wire regenerator. Howover, to bo understood, tho engine must bo seen ; tho abovo can hardly give the ghost of an idea bf its iintun.'. lt only romains for us to stato that tho ship is building at tho yard of Messrs. Perrina, Patterson, and'Steck, in Williamsburgh, near tho Houston- street ferry-house. AB far as land-lub- bers Uko ourselves cnn judge, sho is of strikingly fino model, and impregnable workmanship. Tho ship is now all alive with men, carpenters, paint- ers, and machinists, busy in preparing her for launching. We shall watch her furthor progress, and, above all, her final trial, with groat interest. 