?RKVIEAV; The Glories 'of 'Mary. From the Italian o.f St. Alphonsus Liguori, Founder of the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer. By a Father op the- Same Cong'r'iiga .; TION. ... This is one of the most remarkable of the books of its class that have for a length of time come under our notice. It is manifest o» a n\ant\a t\ivi in ovtpnd flip lrnnwlfifltJ-p and the love of her whom it treats, has been the chief object of those who have incurred the responsibility of its publication. Its ex ceedingly low price, which ou«-ht to secure J'or this precious volume an universal circu lation among Catholics, can, under the most favourable circumstances, scarcely repay the expenses of the undertaking. It contains no less than 624 large octavo pages, closely printed in a remarkably fine clear type, stitched in a strong blue cover, with a suffi cient margin for binding, at the price oi two shillings!, , It is probably the most perfect edition of the work which has yet appeared in any language, for the quotations, in which it abounds, have all been compared with the original woiks whence they are taken, and each extract is itself printed, 'as a foot note, in i{s original language throughout the work. The first part of the work consists of a lengthened paraphrase o', or treatise upon, the Salve Regiria, Each chapter is devoted to the consideration of one of the titles or supplications which we address to the Mother of God in that ecstatic invocation, while each chapter is, subdivided into sections, in which the several propositions involved in the language thus addressed to her, are proved, and her power, influence, compassion, - charity, and mercy — the ne cessity of her intercession — the character of her advocacy, and its effect on tbe, soul in this life and tl.e next, demonstrated and illustrated. Each of these sections consists first, of an argumentative discourse, every assertion in which is sustained by quotations from Scripture, the Fathers, or writers who have been held in great esteem by the Church ; second, of an ?? example' illustrat ing what has been laid down, by detailing some well-authenticated instance of the miraculous, intervention of our Blessed Lady establishing' the fact of her care of us in the capacity or in the manner mentioned in the discourse ; and, third, of a prayer to her, ac knowledging all that has been estublished, and embodying in full the sentiments we ought to entertain, and a solicitation of the favours we ought to expect through her from the matter proved in the preceding discourse. The. first part concludes with a number of tbe most celebrated prayers addressed by distinguished saints and holy men to our Blessed Lady. The second part of the work consists of a series of discourses on the great events in the life of the Mother of God — her immacu late conception, her birth, presentation, the annunciation ar.d -visitation, and her purifi cation, assumption and sorrows, followed by refleclions on each of the seven dolours of Mary. JS ext, we find a treatise on the vir tues of our Immaculate Mother, in which her humility, charity, faith, chastity, poverty, obedience, patience, and prayer, are detailed and established. A brief account of the several devotions practised in honour of the Divine Mother concludes the second part. In this portion of the work the u Hail Mary,' the Rosary, Office, Scapular, Novenas, and several confraternities o' 'our Blessed Lady, are concisely treated, and several forms of devotion, probably new to the reader, and exceedingly easy in practice, are detailed and explained. The third part opens with a statement of eighty-nine examples of our Blessed Lady's miraculous care of and interference for her children, and for those who practice her de votions. Two polemical papers follow. One, a reply to an anonymous writer, who had censured the opinion laid down by our blessed author, in the first section of the fifth chapter on the Salve Regina, viz,, that Mary's inter cession was necessary to our salvation, and that all graces come to us through her ; the other, a reply to the ' pro jecterl reform' of the Abbe Holi, who insisted on abrogating several of the titles accorded for ages by the universal Church of Christ to the Mother of God, and on modifying the devotion practised to her in many particulars. The study of these replies will fortify the Catholic with many; \- proofs in sus.tainment of 'the doctrine and practice of the Catholic Church, on the honour due, to tite saints, and to the Queen of All Saints, and will show him the high logical and controversial powers of that great servant of God, St« Aphonsus Ugouri. A number of sermons, prayers, noyenas, and roseries conclude the volume. 'From the translator's preface we extract the following vindication of the extraordinary favour of the expression which characterised the language of most of tbe saints, when speaking of or addressing the Blessed Virgin :?— I will, however, remark, that the greater part of saints, when speaking of tbe greatness, the power, the love of Mary; and of their confidence in her, seemed to know no bound?. Unable to find terras sufficiently strong, amongst those which are applicable to creatures, they have applied to her terms, which in their 'strict sense, are applicable to God alone. Yet tbe Church exaniines their writings submits them to tiie severest scrutiny, and declares tbat there is nothing in them worthy of censure, and why ? Because their love for Mary was a reflected love ; they loved Mary, the beloved of God, so much because they loved Him rmich, and this alone gave its proper value-to the terms they used, which received their limit in the limits of the creature jo which they were addressed.' But if, on dip nrcfl hnnri wo finri t\prfeo.t\on in the aft (\\( sanctity, carrying with it the characteristic mark of devotion to the Blessed Virgin, indeed so much so that we may measure tbe perfection of each saint by tbe measure of his devotion to the Mother of God; so, on the other hand, we shall find that the further 'a Catholic is from sanctity, the 'further is he from devotion to Mary: he is first of all cold and indifferent he then becomes hypocritically zealous for God'a glory and for tbe purity of the Cburch, the spotless bride of Christ, until at length, passing beyond her pale, his coldness, indifference, and hypocritical zeal are changed into bitter hatred for the Mother of God, and he no longer can hear her name without feeling himself tormented as were the demonia«s by the presence of our Lord j and this hatred finds too often vent in blasphemies which belong not to man, but to those evil spirits, which then possess him ; thus verifying the words which were spoken from the beginning — ' I will put enmities between thee and the woman, and thy seed and her seed.' Our Blessed Lady herself, inspired by the Holy Ghost gives beautiful expression, in a few words, to this principle — ' Behold from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.' Elizabeth, filled with admira- | tion and gratitude for the precious gifts she had in that moment received through Mary, the channel of J graces, bad exclaimed—' Blessed art thou amongst women.' Mary replied, ♦? Yes Elizabeth, because through my voice, tbou hast received the Holy Ghost and thy son has been smctified in thy womb, thon callest me blessed ; but behold, all who receive the same grace will also call me' blessed.' Mary well knew, that those who had not this grace would not call her blessed* but would even crucify her beloved Son before her own eyes ; hence, the Holy Ghost manifests himself in us, in love, and praises, and blessings of the Mother of God ; and the greater is, our plenitude of the Holy Ghost, the greater are these effects. And because the saints had, so to say an excess of this plenitude, their expressions of love, of praise, of confidence in Mary, ihe blessings which they lavished upon her, knew no bounds. Because we have not; their plenitude, we do not speak as they spoke, and if we do not possess within us this spirit of life, we not only do Dot speak as they did, but we reprove tbat which we ' cannot' comprehend — ' For what participation hath justice with injustice? or what fellowship hath light with darkness ? and what concord hath Christ with Belial P . The Church which always possesses the Holy Ghoat, not only does not reprove this unbounded love and confidence, but herself gives full expression to it. On the subject of the examples of tbe mi raculous interference of our Blessed Lady, scattered throughout this work, the follow ing observation occurs in the preface : — In the work now before us we find many examples of miracles aud graces obtained through the inter- I cession of Mary. St. Alpbonsus does not pledge him self to thero, he merely gives them as illustrations, ou the authority of authors, who, in his time, were deemed ttustwoi thy, Each one can admit or reject them as he would any historical fact. If he thinks the evidence sufficient he can admit them, if not he caa reject them. 1 would, however, make one re mark, which is, that S;. Alphonsus was a learned man ss well as a saint, and therefore we are not, on slight grounds to reject that which he has inserted in his works as being founded on good authority On the probable reception which this trans lation will obtain as well from true Catho lics as from otbeis, both lukewarm nominal Catholics, as those who are not of the fold, we find the following : — The welNdicposed will find in the whole work, as well as in the examples, everything that they can deBire to iuspire them with holy thoughts and affec tions, to inspire them with greater and greater de votion to Mary, and gratitude to God, who, in the ?person of His most holy Mather, has given us the most holy, tbe mosl powerful, and the most compas sionate of Mothers; and to confirm and strengthen them in a devotion certainly is a pledge of eternal salvation, and tvhioh is granted by God only to those wham He seus will correspond with grace. and con sequently be saved. On the other hand the illdis posed will find in this work, as indeed they do, ac cording to tbe measure of their iniqnity, in the sub limest doctrines of the Catholic Cburch, ample scope for their irreverent or wicked criticisms. Fv-r ouch the work is not written ; but. do you, dear reader* study and meditate upon all it contains with that childlike simplicky which is so pleasing to God, and to which the kingdom of Heaven is promised. Re member that it has been strictly examined by the authority ? which is charged by God Himself to in struct you, and that that authority has declared that it contains nothing worthy of censure ; tbat it has been welcomed by all lovers of Jesus and Mary throughout the world, with an enthusiasm which Can only be equalled by the scorn and ridicule which, as -. an invariable rule, attend ail that is powerful to snatch from :he world its votaries, and from hell its victims. . .. The' greater part of the book being of a devotional character is not adapted for ex tracting into the columns of a newspaper. , It is scarcelv necessary tbat we should make ' ' a suggestion to our readers, that every Ca tholic family, should possess themselves of. a copy oMhis work. Perhaps, there is not * single Catholic who wiM nut agree with; us that the present position of the Church, arising triumphant above all her vanquished enemies,- may be mainly attributed to the fervent devotion to the Immaculate' Mother of God which is the prevailing .feature of the religion of the age. That the happiest re sults, both spiritual and temporal, will flow , I from the increase of zeal in her service-., among the laity, no one can doubt. The tendency of the circulation of this work must be to increase the number of her clients, and to augment the ze,al and fervour of those already devoted to her. To promote its cir~ culation, will, therefore be a work of charity, in which we hope to see many engaged, and we trust that the abundant fruit to be de rived from it by the Catholic community in these countries, will be to the holy Redemp torist Fathers a substitute fpr that, pecuniary, recompense for their labours and expends lure, which the} seem to have abandoned m. favour of the Catholic public by this under taking. — Dublin Telegraph. 