TRANSACTIONS OF THE GREAT AUSTRAL- ASIAN SOCIETY. (Continued.) SECT. B. THE BELLES LETTRES.--THE DEBATE OF THE SAVANS. A Wonderful Story, which, through the perversity of Philosophers, breaks down in the middle, and ends by leaving the reader in a strange position. By Jeremiah Scrubb, Uncle to Timothy Scrubb, and Poet- Laureate to the G. A. Society. My story opens not at that still hour When crowing cocks and bards begin their tales; Nor when the rising moon displays her power, By sailing as she very often sails, Through heav'n's blue vault, when sober shadows low'r And growing darkness over day prevails, And the bright star of evening trims her lamp, For fear it should go out amid the damp. And yet my tale begins at twelve o'clock, But it was twelve o'clock in broad daylight; So those who listen need not fear a shock From any of the ghosts that flit by night; 'Tis true I cannot lug the castle cock Into my rhyme, for that would spoil it quite; But I can take the world in noon-day glory, And, from it, build a very pleasant story. The sun was shining, and the breeze was blowing, The world was plunged in business and in cares, The trees were waving, and the streams were flowing, The birds were singing many pretty airs, The flowers were blooming, and the grass was growing, And all were busy with their own affairs; And, surely, 'mid so many things, the muse For search of similes, may pick and choose. 'Twas twelve o'clock. The city was all bustle, And throng'd with people moving to and fro; A stranger might in vain attempt to hustle His way to places where he wished to go; Nor could he gain his end without a tussle, The populace were pack'd and crowded so; Just like the trees upon a river's bank In tropic climes, where vegetation's rank. Old Sydney City's streets were dry and dusty, As they are now, as they have ever been And ever will be; all the shops look'd musty, And cover'd with the dust as with a screen; And many an angry coachman, tall and lusty, Bawl'd loudly to the passing throng I ween, And curs'd their eyes and noses, hands and feet; Because they stopped his passage through the street. And on the crowd stream'd, like a caravan Of pilgrims pilgrimaging to a shrine; All mov'd in one direction, to a man: (The reason why I could not then divine,) Some rode upon their horses, and some ran On foot, which was to me a certain sign That they had not got steeds on which to ride, And show themselves, as others do, in pride. They streamed, as I have said, in one direction, Through George's-street up to the Barrack gate; Attracted by the pole-star of reflection, To hear the Savans hold their grand debate, And listen to each philosophic section Indulge in harmless philosophic prate About all things that ever swam, or flew, Or crept, or squeal'd, or div'd, or ran, or grew. Now, when you're in a mob, and sorely press'd On ev'ry side by strong and sturdy men, And feel some twenty elbows on your breast, And on your aching back some nine or ten, 'Tis useless to resist; and so the best Way's to endure it patiently, and then Move with the multitude--go where they go, E'en should they take you on to Jericho. For should you elbow hard, perchance, some bigger, Unwash'd, ungraceful, and unpolish'd clown, Might feel himself insulted by your vigour, And raise his brawny fist, and knock you down; And then you'd cut a very pretty figure, Prostrate, and trampl'd on by all the town; And so to guard your ribs, and save your head, 'Tis better far to do as I have said. This sage advice I took, and mov'd along With steady pace, as mov'd the crowd around; The pressure was so violently strong, I rather sail'd than travell'd o'er the ground; I car'd not for a bruise--nor did the throng Abate their hurry scurry, till they found Themselves ensconc'd within a stately hall, That rears its front inside the barrack wall. The hall was lighted up with fifty tapers, Although it was the day, and not the night; There were no windows to let in the vapours, And, with them, heaven's soft and sunny light; And, on the table, lay a pile of papers Design'd to set poor erring mortals right On many points, on which the learn'd agree, Though dreamt not of in mob- philosophy. And round the tables sat in solemn state Some score or two of philosophic men, All eager to commence the learn'd debate, And to sustain it with both voice and pen; The doom of many a Belemnite--the fate Of many a Sphynx--lay in suspension then: The one might be arrang'd with trilobites The other sink, from butterflies, to mites. The Asaphus candatus might become The Asaphus flabellifer, or Stokesii; And Cheiracanthus minor might, with some, Pass muster for a Cephalaspis Lloydii; Even F. Fibrosa and Spongarium Edwardsii might change to M. M'Leayii, And be arrang'd, through scientific bias, As if they were not proper to the lias. And then, how would the world go round, if these And scores of other grave and solemn blunders, Were chargeable on those who hold the keys That pick the locks of all the ancient wouders? Should men, who can explain, just as they please, How onions fructify, and heaven thunders, Fall into such mistakes, the world would stop Its spinning, like a schoolboy's spinning top. Old Ocean would forsake his rocky bed, And take a pleasure trip across the land, Which, to the most of us, as some have said, Would be unpleasant, though it might be grand; Even Chimborazo would bow down his head, And for the future, as a valley stand; And all the shining stars would leave their places, And madly run about through astral spaces. And earth, and sea, and sky, and ev'ry thing, That in them is contain'd would be uprooted; Our laughing jackasses would cease to sing, Although with throat for music's so well suited; Even kangaroos would rise on sturdy wing, Were they to hear such blunders gravely bruited By solemn, pompous, scientific, men, Who never make a slip--save now and then. But we have slightly wandered from the story Which we began, when we began to write, And must return, or else lose all the glory Of sticking to the unities in spite Of obstacles. Those unities are Tory, And Tory-like, would keep us jogging right In the old path of bards and sonnetteers; Who tell us all about the moon and spheres. And so the unities must bring us back To that old hall, within the barrack gate, Where genius and invention, on the rack, Devis'd some very happy things of late; And when a wise, and most ingenious, pack Of thoughts were publish'd in true regal state:-- Thoughts that ran riot on colonial 'bacca, On life-boats, cedar, and a young Alpaca. All things that fly, all things that run about, All things that swim, all things that slyly creep Into old logs, all things that e'er were stout, Or dwarfish, or that through our rivers sweep, All things that put fair science to the rout, All things that love to revel in the deep, To that Society were known, I trust; And had their ev'ry quality discuss'd. There sat, as he was wont, Professor Sneezy, With face as grave as his own gravitation, Bedaub'd with snuff--------- The Poet, when he had got thus far, was inter- rupted by loud cries of order, order, mingled, as is usually the case at public assemblies, with groans and hisses. Professor Sneezy, in great wrath, directed the attention of the meeting to the nature of the poem, as indicated by that part of it which had been read. In his opinion it was a satire upon themselves. He denied the charge of snuff- taking with great vehemence, and asked if it was not intolerable, that one of their own members should attempt, or be permitted to attempt, to satirise such an august Society. Dr. Whiskins de- clared that unless the Poet would, or could, give them a sample of narrative poetry, free from sly satirical allusions, he should not be allowed to proceed with the reading of his paper. Dr. Tweezle and all the other fellows and members assented to this proposition. Finally, a vote of censure embodying the sentiment expressed by Dr. Whiskins, was formally put through the chair, and carried unanimously; after which, the Poet Laureate continued. This vote of yours most wise and learned doctors Has quite upset my tale, and put me out; And I must seek the aid of fifty proctors To tell me what I am to sing about. Stop! I've a thought! Now, list ye grave concoctors Of stern philosophy and do not pout! I'll give you a sweet picture of the earth; As it is now, not as it was, at birth. I'll sing of Sydney--'Tis a noble theme! I'll sing of New South Wales, and all its people; I'll sing of many a rock, and many a stream, And many a church--be sure I'll note the steeple; From fun and frolic I will skim the cream, And serve it up in truant rhyme, to keep ill And melancholy musings out of sight; For fear they should disturb your sleep at night. Pray will that do, most wise and lean'd Society? I see you nod assent--so as I've started On a new tack, I scarcely with propriety Can look on that from which I lately parted; And yet it had such sweet and sad variety! I'm sure to leave it, leaves me broken hearted But never mind--there are (I once was taught) As good fish in the sea as e'er were caught. There dwell a college-train'd and motley crew Of Authors, of all sorts, and shapes, and sizes There the dull writers of a dull review, To duller Tories give away their prizes, Or praises--which you like:--there dwell a few Historians of that melancholy crisis Which plac'd a braggart on the throne of France, To strut and swagger, domineer and dance. I hate those unities! I hate the place They would conduct me to! I hate to dwell With soulless men, who can submit to lace Their genius in a pair of stays, and swell The tide of fame on which the classic race Of Authors sail! And so, I may as well Put a bold front upon this strange opinion, And fight for it, as Kings do for dominion. And like a man whose cause is desperate, I do, and will, maintain with pen and ink, (With every poet who has sung of late), My own inalienable right to sink Far into bathos; or, to soar in state, Above the herd who vainly strive to drink A single drop from Helicon sublime! I'm such a thorough radical in rhyme. And furthermore, I will maintain my right, (Along with Emerson, Carlyle, and Cramer,) To write, just as it pleaseth me to write, And make my verses smooh, or make them stammer: I'll battle for my views--I will! in spite Of critics, who would pin me to the grammar; Which, by the way, I ne'er could understand, Although I've tried to have old Virgil scann'd. I think I was discoursing on the unities Which Shakspeare, somehow, always kept in sight, And which the learn'd and wise in all communities Hold up to bards, as one would hold a light Up to a man astray, whose importunities Had reach'd the ear on some dark, stormy night, When Ocean, rous'd to fury, vents its wrath On ships that, through it, dare to make a path. Those unities would keep us to our tale, And drive us on the fenc'd and level road That leads by easy windings to the vale Which forms for all the dull a snug abode At bottom of Parnassus; where all stale Bards who dislike a gentle episode Must in their rhyming pilgrimages stop-- Because, they cannot reach the mountain's top. There dwell the sour faced critics, and grammarians, And all who patronise the ancient rules For breaking in Pegasus; the Icarians, In that bleak valley might set up their schools, And educate both orthodox and Arians, And all who feel disposed to be the tools Of Morpheus, monarch of oblivion's deep, Who, through such men, sends half the world to sleep. And there dwell lawyers, poring over books Which nobody can read, unless well paid For doing so, while, in sequestered nooks, Beside them, lie materials for their trade; Rogues, wranglers, vagabonds, all chang'd, from rooks Jet black, to swans as white as milk, and made (By legal art) fine members of society, Patterns of virtue--paragons of piety. I'll mount Pegasus, and I'll soar away Where neither he, nor I, have been before; And, from the upper regions, I'll survey "Old Ocean dashing on his winding shore," The evening's setting in, and "twilight gray," (Which twenty thousand bards have sung of yore,) Is creeping o'er the earth, and sea, and sky, And clothing them with grand solemnity. "And yonder is the moon." What ho! there! Groom! Bring forth Pegasus and put on the saddle! See that the girthing does not seal my doom! Look sharp! nor play so much at fiddle faddle! I'm going to supper with the Pope of Room; For so all those whose pates the schools do addle Pronounce the Popish word, although at home My mother taught me to pronounce it Rome. Freshly around me blows the evening gale From the pure ocean, where the fishes glide In beauty: I am mounted face to tail-- It is the way I always like to ride; To keep my seat, I'm sure, I cannot fail, Although my steed should prance a bit in pride; Because I'll hold the crupper with both hands, And thus ride backwards over many lands. Now, reader, if your courage and your wife Will let you soar with me through boundless air, And if you dare to risk your precious life (Which, should you lose, I'll not charge any fare), Jump up behind me, spurn the noisy strife Of busy trade and dull commercial care, And leave, awhile, these vapours dank and grey. Answer me on the spot! What say you? Eh? Agreed! Well done! Jump up! Groom! tie him fast! For fear he should mistake and get a tumble, In case we're overtaken by a blast, Or knock against a cloud, where thunders rumble. All ready! Well! I think you're right at last. Psha! banish fear! Pegasus does not stumble So, as you are a man of my strange kidney We'll just go up and have a peep at Sydney. Good bye. Farewell to earth! Away! away! Upborne upon the viewless wind we soar Towards the regions of unclouded day, Where neither winds, nor thunders, ever roar; Whence, through the fissures in some cloud, we may See all that's done below from shore to shore, And note the ocean's billows fiercely hissing Against the rocks, which, poets say, they're kissing. O, what a glorious sight! The setting sun Still smiles on all below, and gilds the wave In the far distance; day has nearly done Its pilgrimage, and seeks a gorgeous grave In western waters: so all bards in fun Or earnest, tell us when in rhyme they rave. About the sun, who, gentlemanly fellow, Doth every night retire a little mellow. * * * * * * Yonder is Bathurst. There is Mr. Fanning Striving to teach a stupid dolt to play The piccola. There's M'Intosh a planning How he may whitewash twenty rogues next day. See! there's a brute whose wife has got a tanning, Because she, in her mildest tones, did say "My dear! I beg and pray you'll cease to sink Beneath your bullocks, through accursed drink!" There are the bald hills standing in their might, And glowing in the evening's rosy beam, Which falls aslant on on quartz-ridge and on height, And burnishes Macquarie's winding stream. 'Tis full of water now, but will be quite Dry in another month or so; I deem It just as unpoetical a river As through a rhyme, or through a land, flowed ever. There stand the far-famed mountains of the Turon, Devoid of herbage, crowned with stunted trees, All bleak and desolate, with many poor in The valleys they encircle;--there the breeze Blows keenly--there the sons of toil endure in The midst of plenty, want, and fell disease; And there a thousand miners know the fact, That sorrow springs from Thomson's stupid Act. There! are the cradles lying on the ground, Beside the babies they were wont to rock; There! lie the idle picks on many a mound Look! there's a fellow in a scarlet frock Who sleeps, and snores, and kicks his legs around, Mid laughs, because a visionary crock Of Gold appears. O how he strives to hug it! In dreams, if not in fact, he's got a nugget. Look seaward! There is pretty Wollongong; Perch'd like a sea gull in its airy nest; While near it, mighty surges sing their song Of terror, and rush fiercely on the breast Of some tall rock, which, like a guardian strong, Their course and fury doth alike arrest; Driving them back to their tempestuous home Crest-fall'n, subdued, and spotted o'er with foam. Look down beneath you! There are all the men And all the women who in Sydney dwell. Come! Take this magic telescope! and when You use it, mark their gait and actions well. Lo! there's a drunkard snoring in his den Like a wild beast: and, look! O! what a swell Struts yonder, like a nabob, through the street: Deeming the pavement honoured by his feet. There's a young lady going to a ball Her face I cannot see--her bonnet's pretty; And there's a fellow standing at a stall, Ogling a maid, and striving to be witty; And there's an alderman has got a fall Upon the horrid pavement of the city: There's Master Melville, on his bare steed prancing, And, I protest, there's Carandini, dancing. There sails a widow destin'd to commence Life on her own account in George's-street; She mourns the lost one now--just twelve months hence She'll flaunt the town in satin; as is meet All women blest with vig'rous common sense Should do:--she wears black stockings on her feet; And that sweet cap she on her head doth carry Declares to all mankind that she can marry. There's Callaghan! retain'd on legal history, Which seems to me confus'd and rather dark; There is a beardy! holding forth a mystery About John Wroe. Look! blither than the lark Appear yon nuns--an elegant consistory Of that soft sex who govern mortals! Hark! What sound upon the roaring zephyr swells? It is--it must be--sweet St. Mary's bells. 'Tis eight o'clock, and we must now direct Our vision to a spot in Hunter-street, And from this airy eminence inspect The wonders of an Empire in a Sheet. See! there's the monarch, striving to reflect How he the pressure of the night may meet, And put forth strong opinions in the Leader, In polished phrases, neat as pollish'd cedar. Now he is perch'd upon a lofty stool, Holding his plumed sceptre in his hand, Exposing rogues, chastising many a fool, And penning periods sonorous and grand; And now, he vows he will not be the tool Of any party, but will take his stand On lofty principles, and common sense; To which all newspapers make great pretence. Now reader, read the Leader:--"We declare That Wentworth rounded off the alien clause; We think his reason was, prudential care, Lest foreigners should trample on our laws, O! how the French and all the world will stare When they peruse the document; because We vow so much in print and conversation, That we're a generous and enlightened nation. "We do believe that all mankind descended From one old man, who liv'd in sunny climes; Whose offspring, in one way or other, wended Their way adown duration to our times; Nor do we think the stranger undefended (As has been sung in fifty thousand rhymes), Should be expos'd to robbery and wrong, Because he's powerless, and we are strong. "We do believe that hanging men is cruel, Disgraceful to a Pagan or a Turk! We do believe that mercy is a jewel, Which seldom shines amid such bloody work. Death seems to us like sanguinary fuel Feeding a fire vindictive--furies lurk Deep in the breast that would destroy the life Of man, with pistol, poniard, rope, or knife. "We would protect society from crime, From bloody deeds, and armed violence; And yet, afford the vilest, chance and time To seek forgiveness for his foul offence; And, looking at Eternity sublime, We shudder, and we quail, beneath a sense Of the vast interests which cluster round A life with endless woe or blessing crown'd. "Vice should be punished, crime should be repress'd, And be repress'd with strong and vig'rous hand, And he who dares his brother's life molest, By force or guile, on scale minute or grand, Should feel that Justice sternly can arrest All further mischief which he may have plann'd Against his race. Let Justice lift the rod But leave the life to conscience and to God. "Collect all cycles in the waste of time, All vernal airs, all tempests that benumb, All sands that lie where roll the waves sublime, All billows that o'er ocean go and come, Then soar aloft to heav'n's celestial clime, And add its stellar glories to the sum, And yet that vast amazing sum would be As less than nothing to eternity. "Yet, after all that mighty sum of ages (Which fancy cannot span) have roll'd away, Man must exist--the heav'n-inspired pages Of Christian truth, this truth to us convey. And should he cease to be, then, holy sages Swore falsely, and, in mockery, bid us pray To one who neither hears, nor feels, nor cares, About our hopes, our longings, or our prayers. "And shall immortal man destroy a life On which eternal weal or woe depends! Because foul robbery, or armed strife, Has clos'd in blood, through spite or selfish ends? And should the vengeful law, with error rife, Doom falsely--can it ever make amends To him whose fate by bullet, rope, or block, Doth Christian charity outrage and shock? "If man is but a cultivated brute, Destroy him like a brute, when he does wrong; Maim! wound! and mangle! suffocate! and shoot! His life's not worth a line of this strange song: Cheer on the mob who howl, and hiss, and hoot, The hapless wretch who suffers!--blow the gong Of legal murder and dark violence! But boast not Christian love nor sterling sense. "The Judge receives his warrant from society; And pray, who gave society the right To sanction acts of foulest impropriety, Vindictive justice, and vindictive spite? The law can never err! stuff! gross impiety! One half of it is gloom profound as night; The other half, in spirit and in letter, Is scarce a jot, nor an iota, better. "Society is warranted to guard Itself from violence--this can be done By forcing criminals to labour hard For all they e'er may need beneath the sun. Let the rank villain be for aye debarr'd His liberty, and let his life-glass run Out all its sands, in some well-guarded spot, Where he may mend his ways, and be forgot. "It is no use to slaver it all o'er (As serpents do their prey) with legal slime, The system--rotten to the very core-- Outrages reason, and sounds worse in rhyme; Benevolence abhors it, furthermore, It will not wear an aspect quite sublime, When mists and vapours from our minds are hurl'd By the dread blazon of a future world." Now that I call a very handsome Leader, In flowing rhyme 'tis very nicely dress'd; And, from our wilderness to that of Kedar, You won't find such another, I protest. The thought is quite original; and, reader, You've done it justice, which I sagely guess'd You would do, when I ask'd you to read out What all the Empire people are about. See how the printers' supple fingers sweep The type into the stick, and how they ply The galleys, which like shallow coffins keep The members of a form that cannot die, And never did. O outrage foul and deep! Yon 'prentice, gawkie lout! has made a pie And ought to swallow it. He's but a novice, And has been one week only in the office. See yonder chap who cultivates the graces-- If he don't mind, he'll generate a squabble By putting type out of their proper places, And getting decent men into a hobble. I'm in one now myself, to fill the spaces Of this queer verse, and so must take the rabble With whom I daily live, converse, and sup, And put them in, to fill the stanza up. O what a show of Ads.! Look! There is beer Full ninety barrels; there sounds ten pianos; Beneath them low twelve bullocks and a steer, Above them lie, five baskets of bananas; And, at the top, (in alt.) I think I hear Ten vocalists, who are all best Sopranos. Lo! there's a fellow going to play the fiddle, And modulate most sweetly diddle-diddle. There are seven bags of coffee--two of rice-- That were all spoil'd, because they got a wetting One day at noon, or eve, I won't be nice About the hour; I think the sun was setting. And tars were busy making many a splice Of rope, and curses from the mate were getting In lieu of grog, when down into the hold Rush'd a big wave--and so they're to be sold! There's matting for your floors, and there is wool Enough to make a bed for all the world; There's a high bred dame whose heart is full Of grief, for a lost dog whose tail was curl'd; That College ad. contains an Irish bull! Look! there's a ship come in, with mainsail furl'd, Whose surplus pork would fill the British navy, E'en to a man, with most delicious gravy. There is a beehive which o'erflows with honey, Nor will the bees belonging to it sting The lucky wight whose pocket's full of money, And who that money to their stores may bring. Bring, should be take, for so that very funny Grammarian, Lindley Murray, says. I sing Not by his rules, I solemnly protest, But by my own, because, I like them best. And there are seventy thousand chests of tea, The leaves of which grew on ten thousand plum And apple trees in China; where, they say, Each Mandarin, or magistrate, is dumb In presence of his prince, and where the gay And soft part of creation, go and come In palanquins, and cannot walk at all; Because they squeeze their feet so very small. O lack a day! O misery! Oh! Oh! Alas! Alas! O horrible reflection! The Ads. which we have seen make such a show (I wish I could find out an interjection That would express more fully all my woe) Are tumbled in a heap and need correction: Sure sorrow on the Office now has flash'd; For through an accident the form is smash'd! Now, reader, shall we sail down through the air And give them help?--I thought you would--agreed! Mind he don't pitch you off! He's prone to rear! Give me the whip! Gee hup! my bonnie steed. He will not move an inch I do declare! Just touch him with the spur and make him bleed, And then, perhaps, the surly brute will go, From this cold clime, to warmer climes below. Coax him a bit! Pegasus, you're a brute To keep us sitting in this frigid clime! Confound the beast! I wish I had a flute, I might amuse myself with airs sublime. O dear! I'm sure, I lack a well made suit Of coarsest flannel at this present time: My limbs do shiver, and my teeth do chatter So much, I scarcely know what is the matter. He will not move--and we must wait till day Trips o'er the eastern hill, and clothes the brook In splendour, making Nature fresh, and gay, And beautiful, in manner and in look. Then, hunger'd he will smell his corn and hay, And we'll go down, and publish a big book With 30,000,000,000 pages in't-- Don't read the line in figures but in print. 