SELECTED POETRY. UNKNOWN HEIRS. BY MRS. L. H. SIGOURNEY. “He heapeth up riches, and knoweth not who shall gather them,"— DAVID. Ilis brow was worn with care. Ton deep a thought Had settled there, for lingering sleep to shed Its poppy (low unblamed, lie said of mirth,. And every social joy! '* They profit not,” Tor, he bad sold his life to gather gain. And ronr n palace for his oi.lv son, That crowds might envy. To lua wearied heart * Amid its slavery, still he s iid. “ Plod on! ’Tis for my son,” —but lo !— an icy grasp O’crmastod him at once, and down he lay Reluctant and unmourued. Tho heir roamed wide In dislant lands, with light and lavish haste Scattering his spoils. In. the ancestral halls Are guests and banquet-board, and music strain, Bat not for‘binv They boar his name no more; And on his bloated fi- amrcs arc a stamp Of libertine and exile. In the wards Of foreign hospitals, with parching lip,, lie feels tho.fcver thirst, and none.arc near Of all tho many .servants of his siro, ‘ To give him water. On his longue there lurks The drunkard’s muttered curse, mixed wUhmo word Of grateful memory to that father's care, Who toiled so Into and rose ore dawn of day To toil for him. the* waster, and enrich llevrs.nll unknown. A-mother, strange to say, Impressed the.cfcvlms of pity, and withheld The surplus, of her stewardship from God. The poor, pale, sempstress, with her trembling nerves, And timid voice, perceived tho scanty dole Narrowed and grudged, and tardily-bestowed, And wept, despairing, o’er her lonely crust. Tho beggar came not twice to that proud door, Ecmcmbcrlng the refusal, couched m words Soornfubund sharp. Tho mission-vessel spread Its snowy wings, and sought, a heathen olimo Without her aid. And so tho yearly gold Swcll'd in its hoard ; and to herself she said “ ’Tis for my daughter’s use, when I am gono.” Cheating her vexed soul with empty names 0 f fond maternal duty—veil loo thin I'd hide her nature from the eye of Hcavem 0, lady! in the damp and mouldering tomb, Is there no loop-holo, whence a restless ghost, Alight scan the lofty mansion ? • She, behold! - Who sitloth on thy daughter’s rich divan, A.nd in h r costly mirrors id y looks 1 Who strews the flowers that decked horgay-parlcrre, Ahd revels in her fruits ?. A stranger brido Calls it her home. Thy daughter is not there, per bed is. in the clay—and by her side The babe, whoso fleeting life with hers was bought: While bo, who.briefly on his finger wore The circlet of her love, forgettoth her. Ypt, for that daughter didst ttiou grind tho poor. And seal thine ear .against the Pagan’s moan ; Calling it prudenco and a just regard.': Tp thy. own offspring.., J Twas a specious lure! - Ol)! mother! did’st thou shut thy soul from heaven ? 