SYDNEY POLICE COURT.-WEDNESDAY. (Before the Police Magistrate and George Hill, Esq., J.P.) STEALING FROM THE PERSON.-Jane Mallen, a woman with an infant in her arms, James Mooro, Mn ry Martin, and Cai olino Kellar, woro charged with robbing a man named James ¡U'Cn. u I ¡lib of the sum of £130, on Sunday night, in a liouso of ill-fame in Princcs-slreot. Tho proseontor was robbed about six woeks ago, in n brothel, of £38, by sumo women of tho town, and they aro now, with a male accomplice, awaiting their trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions. in the present case M'Caulill'e, who docs not soein to hare learned wisdom from experience, complied with tho solicitations of tho woman Mallen, nud accom- panied hor to her homo in Princos-strcct. I lo bad nt tito time £130 in lils trouser.-.' pocket. On retiring to rest lie placed his trca«uro under tho pillo»'. His companion, however, suddenly left tho liouso, and bo ran after lier. On ids roturn to the house, ho found that in his nbsenco his trousers' pockets had been emptied of their contents. Ho stopped in tho liouso that night drinking, and in tho morning gavo all tho pri- soners into custody for robbing him. He was intoxicated on tho evening lu question, and tho Magistrates, conceiving the case not made out against tho prisoners' dismissed thom all.-Mary Constantine, a woman of the town, wns charged with robbing a fortunato digger of the sum of £143 10s., in a brothel kept by n woman of tho nama of M'Cartliy, in Clnroncc-strect. Thomas Sol loy, tho proseoutor, acknowledged that ho was very intoxicated, and that ho wont Into tho houso to get a bcd. Ho gavo tho prisoner tho money in sovereigns to take caro of for him, and on thu ensuing morning sho denied nil knowtedgo of it, nml ran away. Ho gavo Inspector Singleton information of tho rob ory, mid ho speedily apprchondod her. There was no money lound upon hor. lu this caso tho intoxication of tho proseoutor did not enablo him to stnto tho oxnot term* on which ho entrusted tho prisoner with tho monoy, ar whether sha look it, and she wns accordingly discharged. ASSAULT.-Mr. Goorgo O'Brien, of Market street, wau charged with a violont assault upon lils wlfo. Constable Horsewoll doposod, that on Tuostluy night ho heard tho ones of murder Iirooccdiiig from tho prisoner's houso. Ho cnoakod for admission and was refused, but tho etica con tinning ho broko opon tho door. Ile found tho wifo of tho prisoner bathed in' blood, and she charged tier husband with knocking her down and kicking her while down in tho mouth. Tho constable pro- duced tho night shirt of tho unfortunate woman, which was saturated with blood. Ho took thu prisoner into oustody, and Mr. Houston, tho sur- geon, of C'aHtlcrcngh-strcot, was railed in lo attend tho woman. Ho stated that tho poor woman wa» so severely injured that sho con lu not appour to givo ovldonoo to-day. Tho constahlo said that tho wife did not wish to press tho olinrga against tho prisoner. Tho Magistrates re- manded tho prisoner till this day, for -tho ovl- donoo of tho woman, mid on tho application of Mr. ltobcrts, who appeared for tho prisoner, nJinlttcd him to bail, himself iu £S0, and ono surety in £.10. ItoiuiKiiY nv A SKKVANT.-Allco Groy was charged by Mrs. Hubsnmon with stealing wearing apparel, of tho vnlito of 4s. Ud. Tho prlsnnor ad- mitted tho theft, and was doalt with summarily, being sentenced to «oven days' imprisonment. STHALINO DUCKS.-Henry Llullald was appre- hended at about half-past 2 o'oloak yostordny morning, by Sergeant M'Goe, with four ducks and a fowl in his possession. Ho stated to tho constable that ho found tho poultry in tho street. They wore, bowovor, ltlonlilled by Mr.M'Luohloii, a aoach builder, in York-stree ti and tho prisoner was committed for trial. SLY GUOU-SBLLINÜ. - Mr. John' Robertson Harper was oonvlotod of tho offence of sly grog soiling, on tho ovidonco of Constablo lliirris, Jesse Bunyan, and John Bando], and sontonocd to pay a Duo of £30 and 2Cs. costa. / 1'AI.STIKOS ANU B.V0KAVINO» - Tho high price» bbt«|uid ut yevterdny'B aile, and tlio eagerness c»iiicoJ by ide purchasers to poBst-ss themselves ol' favourite engravings, betoken a very satisfactory tasto for art gowing up among-1 tho public lt is ovideut, howevor, that tho taste wants educating, and wo noticed yesterday that many beau- tiful oil paintings, seemed to excite but little notice; whilst, suth pictures os the "Chip of tho OU Block,'' tho " Hero and his Horso," and others in which animal lifo wus represented, created great competition. One of the iineBt en- gravings of Napoleon we havo over seen, and ono of tho liest executed portraits ia the collection, realised but a very small sum compared to other engravings of the same sizs and class. The " gem" amongst tho oil paintings was tho " Milk Girl," by Gainsborough, a picture most delightful to contemplate-tho head is u perfect study, tho wild luxuriance of tho tangled hair, the simple earnestness, the childlike innocence, and tho rosy cheeks of tho fuco aro indeed n pleasure to look upon. Mr. Muriel made a mistake in not hanging bis "Ruben«" so that a full light might he shed upon it. Wo uudcrs:aud ii 100 were offered privately for it, and refused. We believe the "Milk Girl" only wants to ho thoroughly ap predated, to sell ut a high figure. . Sri KITED CONDUCT.-On Tuesday night, Mrs. Singleton tho wi te of the active Inspector of that namo, observed a man removing a bag from the top of the gato of tho George-street Market. Aa it was nearly ll o'cluok her suspicions wero aroused that he was after no good. And being emulous of her husband's fame, she went up to him and asked him what .ho wan doing, nt tho same time roizing bim. Ho immediately dropped Ibo bag and bulled. Sirs. Singleton retained her hold till they got into Matkot-atreet, when ho wrenched himself out of her grasp and got clear tiC Tho bag wns found to contain hams and other property, belonging to storo keepers in the market, of the value of£2 10s. THREATENED SUICIDE.-Mr. Thomas Nicholas Williams, who wns lutoly in tho employ of Mr. Kirchner, of Gooigc-stroet North, is now missing from Iiis residence, nnd byway of allaying any atixiouH fears that muy be entertained by ina friends, ho left a letter there informing them of his intention to mubo away with himself. They have supplied tho police with this information, and also that tho pseudo suicido is about five feet five inclus high, ttout built, and tweaty-six or twenty-Bovcu yenrs of ago, dressed in a browu shooting coat and .bord Bateman hat. Should any of tho police see a ghost of this description wandering over tho taco of tho earth they will perhaps communicate nilli Mr. Kirchner. ROBBERY OF THE WELLINGTON MAIL. Another of those audacious highway robberies by which our intercourse has latterly been disturbed, took place on Friday, the 26th ultimo. William M'Kenna, the driver, or rather the carrier, of the Wellington mail, was stopped whilst descending Gonnah Hill, about six miles from Molong, by two men armed with pistols, which they presented at him with the usual threats. One of them seized the bridle of his horse, and after leading him into the bush politely requested him to dis- mount. Having complied with the very peremp- tory order, the other held a pistol to his breast, whilst his mate busied himself cutting M'Kenna'a coat straps from the saddle which held the mail bags, six in number, and of which he took possession. The ruffians then searched his person, taking from one of his coat pockets two letters, and a green silk purse from his trow- sers pocket containing five pound notes, with the mail bags. M'Kenna immediately started for Orange, and reported the robbery to the District Constable. One of them stood about 5ft. 5in., wore a blue pilot coat, a very dirty drab Cali- fornia hat, muleskin trousers, and black crape over his face. The other was about an inch lower, wore a brown pea jacket, moleskin trow- sers, and a dirty drab California hat, and had his face also covered with crape.-Bathurst Free Pess, September 10. A JVDOK IN A Fix.-His Honor Mr. Justice Dickinson narrowly escaped a soaking on the 28th ultimo, if not moro serious conséquences, when crossing tho Macquarie, ut thc full, near tho ferry- boat. Taking tho stream too low, his leudiug tandem horse got into deep water, and notwith- standing a protruded trial both of the soothing system and whlp-thoug, refusod to budge un inch iu tho ri^ht direction. Fortunately an oak tree was within renell, in which tor the timo being, his Honor escotiscod himself, but wus at length released from bia unpleasant and somewhat un- dignified position, by Mr. Stannous, the baker, who npproached tho tree with Iiis gig, and brought him in safety to tho opposite bunk. Tho (air of tandem pruds and vehicle wero also brought salo to shoro by Sergeant M'Grath and tho driver, nt'lor a good deni ot difficulty. Wo are not sufficiently skilled in casuistry to decide whether a slaughtered Bishop ora drownedJudgo is }hu greater loss to tho community, but should suppose that the little iucideut wa bavo now recorded, will expedite tho movements of our Government towards a commencement of tho maali talked of, and greutly required Bathurst bridge.-Bathurst Free I'ress, beptembea 10. TUB ViorontA's Cows.-Some limo on Tuesday night orourly on Wednesday morning, two milch cows tho property of tho Cnptniu of tho Viotoria steam-ship, wero stolen from Moore's Whnrf At least such is the complaint mado to the police, butperbnps, lifter muturede'iborution, theanimals had un objection to a return voy ago in this mag- nificent ship, aud strolled into tho country. One is described ns a brown and white cow, snail horned, the other wai a black and white, straight hornud, brands unknown. MoitKTox HAY.-Ills Excellouay tho Governor General ha« appointed William Hobbs, Esq., tobo Cumian, Esq , to be Coroner for that district. ' HYDE PARK.-His Excellency tho Governor General has appointed Lieutenant- Colonel George Harney to ho a trustee of that portion of llydj Park appropriated ns a cricket ground, in lieu of Mr. W. C. Still, resigned. LICENSED SURVEYOR.-His) Excellency tho Governor-General hus nppoititcd Mr. Harry Alfred Williams to setas u Licensed Surveyor. PARHAM ATT A AND LIVERPOOL.-Tho Annual meeting of Justice) fur tho licensing of auc- tioneers for the above districts, will bo hold nt tho Court-house, 1'arrumnttit, ou tho 22nd No- vember next. We aro requested by Mr. Polaok to remind purchasers, tiiut Iiis salo of valuable City mid Suburban Properties cornea off thia day, at 11 o'clock, nt thu Long lluoni, Russell's Hotel, Pitt street, with his muni punctuality.-Communir caled. Wo aro requested by Hr. Dean to remind buyers ut miction of his «unroservod enlos, this dny, in tho following order :-At tho stores of Mr. Watkins, York- streot, near tho Couuoll Chumbéis, nt IO o'cluuk, sheepskins, tallow, butter, choose, &c;, &e.; ; at his Mnrt, 427, Georgo-streot, nt ll o'clock prompt, tho seboonor Maria Prudence, drugs, damaged haniB, sound matches, confectionary, dumnged oatmeal, &e.;, &a.; ¡ at 12 o'clock, bottled alo and porter, gin, rum, brandy, Ste. ; nt 2 o'clock, continuation of' pluted ware, ironmongery, cutlery, pistols. For further pm ticulnr.", seo our advertising columns." \- Communicated. CitooKKitr, Sc.-Mr. Rishworth bogs to call iinrtioulur nttontion to his anio of tho above, at dr. Mort's Rooms, Pitt-street, this day, nt 12 o'clock.- Communicated. LICKNSI:, HAU FITTINGS, IIOUSKIIOI.D FUIINITUIIK, nttontion of tiny ono desirous of investing in a' profitable speculation to lils salo- nt tho King's Arms iun, opposito tho Wntor Folleo Ofllco, this dny, at 11 o'clock.- Communicated. 