CHEAP INTERNATIONAL POSTAGE. The Daily A'cks lias the following observations with respcct to the reductions on foreign postage, which are so imperatively called for :—" The establishment of the inland cheap postage being confessedly a measure of incalculable public utility, the question naturally arises, why should not the principle be applied to foreign letters? If a letter carried five or six hundred miles within the island is charged one penny, why should a letter carried twenty miles across the channel cost eiglitpcnee ? If the inhabitants of the different localities in England and Scotland are in the enjoyment of a perfect communication of thought what should prevent the inhabitants of the different nations of the earth enjoying the sumo privilege ? Why should nations be debarred by a money barrier from that interchange of mental activity which is one of the greatest instruments of civilization ? As no reasonable cause can be assigned for an answer in the negative to these questions, a society lias been formed for the purpose of facilitating the introduction of a system of international postage, founded upon the principles which distinguish the system of peuny postage in G-rjat Britain—uniformity, prepayment, and cheapness. In the course of their proceedings they have brought to light some curious facts as to the total absence of these qualifications in the present postal regulations. The want of anything like uniformity is testified by the fact that there are at the present time thirty or more different rales of postage for a single letter not exceeding half an ounce in weight. These rates range from one penny up to two shillings and ninepence. To make confusion more confounded, there are three different weights for a single letter. The post-office official director tells us that these may be either under aquarter of an ouncc, exactly a quarter of an ounce, or half an ouncc. Before a person can tell what he has to pay for a letter, all ithese points must be attended to. The want of any rule regarding prepayment is a fertile source of annoyance to persons engaged in foreign correspondence. There are 240 routes for which prepayment is optional—140 for which it is imperative—and four for which it is forbidden. If prepayment is where a letter is posted, or addressed to a place for which prepayment is imperative, the missive is thrown into the dead-letter box, where it awaits—like a heathen ghost by the side of the Styx—the arrival of the fee which will bribe the grim Charon of the Post-office to forward it to its destination. The papers published by the International Postage Association furnish some curious details with respect to the enormous rates which are levied on the transmission of letters. A letter weighing half an ounce is charged two shillings and ninepence when sent to Brazil, or at the rate of £9900 per ton. A letter to India pays at the rate of £16,200 per ton. A curious example is given in the case of a gentleman who transmitted a letter weighing a little more than an ouuee to a correspondent in Spain. The sender and the receiver had to pay between them seventeen shillings and fourpence for postage. Now, had the article forwarded been a butt of sherry, instead of a few sheets of paper, the charge for transmission would have been about five shillings. If the epidtle in question bad been written for the purpose of ordering the sherry, it would appear, that while the wine itself was sent over into England at the rate of 10s per ton, the order to send it was carried at tbc rate of about 30,000/. per ton. The reformation, which it will be the object of the association to achieve, must be carried out with a due regard to the interests and convcnicncc of the various countries forming the Postal Union. It Trill be requisite, therefore, that no country, should be disturbed in the use of its peculiar weights and measures, and likewise that the revenue proceeding from the transport should be fairly divided between the several countries. It is considered that this will be best effected by each country levying a postage tax on letters outward, but none on those inward, and that this tax should be in all instances prepaid. This would in the first place put an end to all complicated accounts of postage between nations, and secondly it would leave it in the power of each country to determine its own rate. The agreement between the contracting parties should be to the effect that each should engage to transmit to its correct addrect address a letter delivered to it free from the post-office of the other. As the number of letters sent by each of two countries to the other must be pretty nearly equal, the division of the revenue would be fairly provided for. The instant that such an agreement as this begins to be carricd out between two nations, the process of cheapening postage must also commence, if this is not already done. It would be absurd for any government to persist in making J its subjects pay a large sum more for ; the carriage of a letter than is paid by ! a correspondent for tbe carriage of an : answer to that letter. The total unfairness of such a regulation would in the end prove its destruction. i I CHANGES JN THE MEANING OP : WORDS.—What a multitude of words, i ! originally harmless, have assumed a harmful as their secoudary meaning; j how many worthy have acquired unworthy. Thus "knave" meant once I I no more than lad; "villain," than peasant; a boor" was only a farmer; a "churl" but a strong fellow. " Timeserver" was used two hundred years ago a^uite as often in a honourable sense for one as in a dishonorable sense "serving the time." There was a time when "conceits" had nothing conceited in them; " officious" had reference to offices of kindness, not of busy mcedling; " moody" was that which pertained to a man's mood without any gloom or sullenness implied. " Demure" (which is des niccurs, of good manners) conveyed DO hint, as it does now, of an over doing of tbe outward demonstration of modesty; in " crafy" and " cunning" there was nothing of crooked wisdom implied, but only knowledge and skill ; crafty indeed, still retains very often its more honourable use, a man's 5" craft" being his skill, and then the trade in which he is skilled. And think you that the Magdalen could have ever given us "maudlin" in its present application, if the the tears of peuitential weeping had been held in due honour by the world.— Trench on the Study of Words. SWINDLING STOCK AND SHAEE- BttOKEas.—The Court of Aldermen have appointed aCommitteo to act energetically in the prosecution of the kaves who swindle people in the city by representing themselves as brokers. Alderman Finnis mentioned the case of a poor young woman who had applied to a person named Philpot (who pretended to be a broker), to purchase for her in the 31 5s per cent annuities, and she had received from an acknowledgment, of which the following is a copy:— " Bank of England, 27'th day of Jan., 1852\. Bought of Mrs P. Da vies, 100/. 31\. 5s. per cent. Annuities, 984 981. 5s. brokerage, 7s. 6d.—98? 12s. (3d.—J. W. Philpot, broker." The unfortunate dealer subsequently found out the man ofbueiness had deeamcd,andtliatheliad made no purchase at all for her, that not a farthing of her money had been invested, and that she had in vain applied elsewhere for satisfaction. Sir R. W. Carden "could put his hand upon one man who had carricd on the business for fifteen or twenty years, aud had committed various depredations without ever having been licensed to act. The schemers alluded to contrived to make their acts of pluuder, by ingenious manoeuvres, mere matters of debt. One of them had, a good many years ago, defrauded a gentleman, as was well known, of from £10,000 to £18,000; and extraordinary as it might appear, was carrying on tbc same sort of business at the present time." 