|{ LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. j WEDNESDAY. I THE SPEAKER took the chair at a quarter past three. SALARIES. Mr. THURLOW presented a petition from certain persons in the employ of Government, under the rank of clerks, representing the inadequacy of their remunera- tion, and praying that their case might be taken into consideration. The SPEAKER enquired whether the petitioners prayed for any pecuniary grant ? Mr. THURLOW said they did not. He moved that the petition be received. Mr. COWPER seconded the motion. Petition received. GOLD FIELDS MANAGEMENT BILL Mr. THURLOW said he had been requested by certain persons, gold Waders merchants, and others, to suggest to the Government the propriety of adjourning the discussion on this Bill for a few days, as it was intended to present a petition which had not yet been prepared. He begged therefore to propose that the second reading be postponed till Tuesday. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said the Bill had been introduced into the House in order to redeem the pledge given by the Government that the obnoxious portion of the existing law should be imm do lately repealed ; but as far as he was concerned, he could have no objection to the adjournment of the discussion until the day named, and he had no doubt the House would assent to that course. THE LATE LORD BISHOP OF SYDNEY. The COLONIAL SECRETARY [on the calling of the first order of the day] rose and addressed the house as follows: Since this house last met, the steam vessel Shanghai has arrived in this port with mails from England, bearing to this colony the melancholy intelligence of the death of the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Sydney, who expired in England on the 20th February last. I feel that the many persons in this colony who loved and venerated the character of his lordship will feel gratified and consoled by the manifestation of the respect which this house bears to the memory of the departed prelate, by the adjournment of its proceedings till to-morrow. On the profound learning, the earnest zeal, the untiring benevolence, and the fervent piety of the late Lord Bishop, it is unnecessary for me to dwell. They are known, and are, and will long be, deeply appreciated through the length and breadth of this colony. His Lordship too, was for years connected with the political career of the colony, as a member of the Executive Council, and also as an active member of the late Legislative Council of the colony. In these political duties it was my honour and pleasure to be long associated with him, and I can bear heartfelt testimony to the zeal, wisdom, and fidelity with which he a discharged these great trusts. Tim is not the time, even were I fitted appropriately I to do so, to pass any lengthened eulogium I either on his political sentiments or private ? worth my melancholy duty now is only is to ask this house to show that tribute of re- 1 speech to his long public service to the colony, jj and high personal character, which it is its I right, and, I believe, its duty, to pay. I I now move that this house do adjourn. I (Subdued hear hears, from all parts of the 1 house.) | Mr. COWPER seconded the motion. I Mr. ROBERT CAMPBELL could not I let the motion be put to the vote without making a few observations upon it and he thought it but right in justice to the memory of the late venerable prelate, whose character as an old colonist was so deservedly respected, that honorable members should express their sentiments on the occasion. In reference to the political career of his late lordship, as a statesman, he believed that his influence and his wisdom had done much to advance the fortunes of the colony, and to conduct it while environed by perils to a haven of safety. When they remembered the wisdom of his opinions with regard to many subjects in which the prosperity of the colony was involved, and which subsequent experience had proved to be I correct, they had ground enough to pay a tribute of respect to his memory. But if they went further cast over all he had done as a bishop and a I statesman for the advancement of the a colony, they could not withhold this tribute. It must be matter of pride and admiration to every English subject to see one of his own nation voluntarily sacrificing one-fourth of his private income to promote that branch of the social and moral state of which he was the public guardian. But he would go further still, and boldly say that his efforts in behalf of the anti- transportation cause were enough to cover his memory with glory in the hearts of the colonists. Notwithstanding the high position he held alarmed not at the powers above him, ashamed not by the sneers with which he was assailed for meddling with the politics of the country, he had boldly and consist ently throughout lent his high influence in ridding this country of that degrading Btain. Feeling on all these grounds how deeply the country was indebted to the late venerable prelate for his services, and how their appreciation of his character ought to be, he trusted the House would not think the few observations he had made out of place on a motion like this. The motion was then put and passed, and the House immediately adjourned as PBMIUI.OK.IJ COLLEGE. The Rev. John Jackson, M.A., of this college, canon of Bristol, rector of St. James, Westminster, and chaplain in ordinary to Her Majesty, has been presented by Her Majesty to the vacant bishopric of Lincoln. Mr. Jackson's name appears in the first class " In Literis Huma moorings" in the Easter term of 1833, along with those of Mr. Sergeant Gaselee Dr Weir, principal of King's College, London ; Mr. R. Lowe, Secretary of the Board of Control ; Mr. H. Halford Vaughan, Regius Professor of Modern history, and others. In 1884, Mr. Jackson obtained the Ellerton theological prize for the best essay, the subject being " The Sanctifying influence of the Holy Ghost as indispensable to Human Salvation. ' 