DISCOVERIES OF TIlE LAST IIHAL CENTUR- There has bccnll no period since the commence ment of the world, in which so many important discoverics, tending to the benefit of mankind, were made as in the last half century. Some of the grandest conceptions of genius have been perfected. It is remarkable how the mind of the world hans run in ecientific investigation, and what achievements it has effected in that shlrt period. Before the year 1800 there was not a single steam-boat in existence, and the appllication of steam to machinery was unknortwn. Fulton launchedl the first steam-ship in 1807. Now there are three thousand steam-oeats tra versing the waters of America, and tlhe time saved in travelling is equal to seventy per cent. The rivers of every country in the world, tneoaly are traversed Iby stetam-boats. In 1800 thlere was not a single railroad in the world. In the United States alone there are now 8,797 miles of railroad, costing 286,0000,000 dollars to build and about 22,000 miles of railroad in England and America. The Iocomotive will now travel in as many hours a distance which in 1800 re quired as many days to alccomplish. In 1800 it took weeks to cenvcy intelligence between I hiladellphia allnd New Orleans; now it can Ie accomnlplished in minutes thr troghI the electuie telegralph, which only had its begitnitng in 18-13. Volitrlsm was liscovered ill larcli 1800; tho elcltro magnet in 1821. Electrotyping wils dis covered only I few years ago. lloe's printing press, capable of printing 10,000 copies an hour, is a very recent discovery buit of the rlost. important cliaracter. Gas-light was ll known in 1800; now every city and town of any pretence is lighted with it, and we haove the annllnllcelenlt of a still greater discovery, by which light, heat, and nlotile power may be all produced from water, with scarcely iany cost. Dagllerre comllltlnicated to the world his beautild inventionll ill 1839. Glln cotton and chloroflorl are discoveries of but a 'few years old ; astronomy hl adlIe a n umbler of ner planets to the solar systcm. Agricultural chemistry lhas enlarged the domain of know ledge ill that important branch of scielntifice researchl, al nlechanics have increlsed the faciliti.s for production, and the means of ac comlllihllillng a aount of labour which far transcends the ability of unllited manual effort to accomlllish. The triltnphl s achieved in this last branch of discovery and invention nare enough to mark tile last hall-lcentury as that which has most contributed to augment personall conl'orts, enlarge the enjoyl?lellts, a1nd add to the blessings of man. What will the next half celtury accomplish? We may look for still greater discoveries; for the intellect of man is awake, exploring every mine of knowledge, a111 searching for luseful intbrmation in every department of art, industry, nand literature. The next half of the 13lth elntury 1-what will it not accomplish ? llut two years of it has passed and the Calorie Engilne is already numl bered lllnong its wonderfiul achievements. Wo can only speculate in imagilation upon what this discovery alone will acconlplish ; but the historian, in L(th year 1900, will record, as mat ter of veritable history, the thonsaind results connected with it, in which commerce, nmnu froctures and labour have been benefitted. WhVlat impracticablo steam lines have been tra versed by its simple economy; what.labour saving machinery has been inrvetole in conse quonce of its safety anid adaptation. Anld as ono invention but sharpens tlhe wits for sts other, the cluster that will coentre around the calorie engine alone, will excite the adsmiration antd surprise of our successors upon life's busy stage, as those of the steam engine and tele graph now do ours. We live, truly, in au ago of great activity--one in which lhuanity is making great strides in aubjcetitg the mate rial world to its mighty will--bringing the clements into subjection, and causing thems to minister to its wants andi convenience to a degree never Ieforo known. And not alosne in the material, but also in the moral nld reli gious elements, is the world making progress: thie modern missionary enterprise is preceding or nccompanying commerce, and explanding itselfilnto till parts of thi world, and translating ithe Word of G(od-the great lever for man's eloevation-into til the languages of the earth. Its pioneers are visiting every continent and every islands, and propounding the absorbing qaetilon to every son and daughter of Adam. "Wilt thou be nl whole volo " The last hIal of the nineteenth century will not fall behind its predecessor ill developmtents tending to elevate m:anis his social, mosral, and physical natlure; or in ministering to hiis necessities andl comtlirts. It has startell fair in the race forthe accomplishment of this dill, and if tihe indica tions lbr tihe first two years can be takeit as ti guaage for the remainssing .1, even greater pro gress will attend it than sansy of its predeces iors. The culmntiating point has not yet been renlhed; progress marks tile age. The predic tion that "nae' eshall run to and fro, and knowledge he iscreased," is hastening to its fullilmnent. The cosmmercial, the religious, and the scientifie worhl are all alive and active in its neaomnilishment, andl it reqsuires but a glance iat ttho past, ntld fisith inl the fitture, to picture events of ilnnlensoe magnitulle, as tile result of cat- es now ill operation. Speed the day, when the glorious designs of a benificent .'rovido.ceo shall tle constnunnted. . A Nnw "Xorto.s.".'-T ho Cincinnati an quircr. has a notice of in hydrogen mcenalgeri wlhich is getting up there, The lnOlmaiOls coim p 'iing the ilmenugerlie ar nIade of silk cloth, inilated with geea. and consist of an clephnmt, a wh:le, tnIt nIconda,o I giant, &0. "Blill," said one apprentice to another, "my toaster is a better manll to work for than your old man. l[vy master intt alwaiys going rounl his shop interfeoring with his ownr buoinets." I't:o Ji o:rraNTo0r.-Mre. ofolngton, as no netrer., justified the elnthltshsnm sIe excited, fer eie was one of the truewt artits of her dayl. A tine led: in her land was afinec lady, widlt the ntecc!aion of a geonrleweomen, not a icn:rst. s fee tation, which is too conmmonly what the stage gives us for a fine lady. An o!i woman in her ]laneds nwa a thorough womnan, old, not a mere crekling young woman. She played Sir Ilarry \Vilthir like a man, which is how he ought to be played or not at nil, so that Garrick aeknow ledged her as a nmale rival, and ah:mdoned the pIart he no longer mtonoptlised. Site certainly was t dazzling creatme, had a held of most heautifl fobrm, perched like a bird's, a Fynt:ne trical brow, blk'k eyes full of tire ild tenler e.os, a delicious tmonth, with a hundred varying expressions, and sa woderfil flacility of ghinig beauty alike to a sneer or a smile. BJIt she ha one feiattre more remtarkabl.e than all-her eve hrows--the astor's teature-which which weore jet black, strongly marked, and in repose were arched like a rainhlow, but had extraordinary flexibility. In person, Fhe wasetabove thne iddle height, so finely fornned that otne could not tell her exact height her leg would have been a scrilptors glory, and sthe stood like Mercu:ry lighted on a heaven-kissing hill. Altogether, she was a wonderfid creature, yet int private she was subject to fits of grief, which shie curel by visiting and relieving the poor and afflicted. SPONA.AEOU CoM?iiusrosN.-" You are to bring the letters to your roomr toread and cotm pare, and to gt lf to get youroelf ito a pasition to tell hint il about them. 'lThat's the arrangement, i'nt it Tony? asks Mr. Guppy, anxiously biting hi: thumhb-ail. 'You can't spieak too low. Yes. That's what he nnd agreed.' 'I tell you what, Tony.' ' You can't speak too low,' says 'T'on once more.' Mr. G lupy nods his head, advannes yet closer, and drops into a whisper. 'I tell nou what. Tihe first thing to be done is, to inake another packet, like the real one; so that if he should ask to see the real one while it is in my posession, you can show himl the dum my.' ' And suppose he detecta t? e dumimy as soon as hle see it-which with his biting setew of n eve. is about live hundred times more likely than not,' suggests Tony. 'lThen we'll fice it out. They don't helong to him, and they never did. You found that: andt you plaiced them in my h:inds-a legal friend cf yours-for security. If he foce s us to it, they'll be producible, won't they?'-One disagreeable result of whislpering is, that it seems to evoke an atmosphere of silence, halunted by the ghosts of soumnd-strange cracks and tickings, the rustling of garmenots that have no substance in them, and the tread of dreadfil feet that would leave no mnark on the sea sand or the winter snow. So sensitive the two friends happen to he, that the air is full of these phantomls ; and the two 1 ok over their shoulders by one coisent to see that the door is shut. Saint l'aul's bell strikes twelve, and all those other bells strike twelve from their towers of various heights, in the dark air, andt in lthir many tones. WVhen all is quiet again, the lodger says, 'It's the appointed time ait last. Shall i go?'-- t:. Guppy nods, and gives him a lucky touch on the back. le goes dlown stairs; antd IMr. Guppy tries to 'compose himself before the fire, for waiting a long time. lBut in no more than a minulte or two the stairs creak, and Tony comes swiliftly'back. ' ave you got them?'-' Got them? No. The old man's not there.'-t!e has been so horribly fiightened in the short interval, that his terror seizes rite other, who smakes a rulh at him, and asks loudly 'What's tile omatter?'--' could'nt make himl near, and I softly opened the door, and looked in. And the burning smell is there-aid the soOt is there, and tie oil is there--and lhe is not there!' To'lr end s this with a groann. Mr. Guppy takes the light : they go down, more idead than alive, and iholding son amether, push open the door of the back shop. The cat l:ha retreated close to it, and stanids sunrling-not at thems; at something on the ground, before the fire. There is very little fire left in the grate, but there is it smouldering sulliteattitg vapour in the ioonl, an a dark greasy coating on the walls and ceiling ; thie chairs and table. and tie hot tie-so rarely abecalt from the table-all stand as usual. On onte chair-b:ack lueng the old man's hairy cap sani coat. 'Look,' whispers the lodger, pointiig hIls fiiend's 'attention to these objects with a temtblilg finger. ' I told you so ; w0he I saw him last, lie took his cap oil, took out the little bundle bundle of old letters, hung Isis cap ol tile back of tile chair--his coat was there already, for lie had pulled them off befoire lie went to pat the shutters upi- anid Ileft him turning tie letters over in Ilis hand, standitng just where that criumblled bIlack thlug is upon the floor.' Is lie hanging somewhere ? They look up. No. 'See,' whispers To'r, at thit foot of tile same chatir there lies a dtirty bit of then red cord that they tye ilup pens with ; "that went round the letters ; lie undid it slowsly, leering and laughing at me, before hl began o trllrn them oer. andI thrset it therse. I saw it filll.' ' What's the matter with tho cut,' says Mr. Guppy; 'look at her.' 'Look at her! mad, I think, and no wonder, in this evil phltee.' They adv anced slowly, looking at these things. Theocat remasis where they found her, snarling still at the something on the ground, betoro the lire, and between the two chairs. What is it? Hohl up the light. Here is a small burnt patch of flooring; here is the tinder from a little bundle of burnt paper, buhat not so light as usual, seeming to be steeped in something; and here is-is it the cinder of a small charred and bro ken log of wood sprinkled wsith white ashes, or is it coal? 0 horror, Ite is here! and this friom which we run away, striking out the light, and overturning one another into thd street, is all that represents him. Help, help, help! come into this house for Heaven's sakeh. Ileuty will come in, but none can help. The Lord Chan cellor of that Court, true to his title in his last act, has died the death of all Lord Chancellors in all Courts, and cf all authorities in all places under all niumes soever, where falso pretcnces are made, and where injustice is done. Call the death by any name you will, attribute it to whom you will, it is tio sanse death eternally inborn, inbred, engendered in the corrupted hu mours of the vicious body itself, andt that only-= SlpolittneoulS Collbustion, and none other of till the deaths that he died.--Dicikens's Bllcak Hfouse. M srlsntctres EsTrnsaRtISE--To hydaranlic canal at Niagara Falls is about to bo com mIenced and vigorously prosecuted to comple tion. A company with a capital of. 50,000 dollars has been formed, embracing men of wealth and enterprise in New York anl Boston. The canal will ble of a mile long, 70 ft. wide, and 10 ft. depth of water, anod is to hbe cut with perpendicular sides through it solid limestone ledge. The water power is the most nmagnilicenot in tho world--unlimited in supply, and utaf fected by either floold or draught- havings all the upper lakes' for retaining, and Lakeo Erie, twenty-two miles above, for a distributing reservoir. There is i clear thll, including thle rapids and the cataract, of foilly two hundred feet.-Californian paper. 