I DRAINAGE ÄN^ SEWAOB OF SYDNEY. 11 TUB droinngóránd'sewageof n lnVgeHow io a subject' so iiiiinWely connected Vvit its water supply,'that, in" considering1 tit ono, it is hardly possible to avoid som referenco io tho other. < So much lins been saitl nnil witton c lato years on this subject, and so man, theories propounded of tho truo principle to bo neted Upon in nn efficient system c town drainage, that the difficulty lies i discriminating between tho, various plan and theories, and in separating tho impra'c ticablo ones from those which aro practice as woll as practicable. ' Tho true principles to bo acted upon ii forming an efficient system of town drain ago appear, at first sight, to bo sufficient!; clear and simple, if it were possible alway to act upon them ; but existing niunicipn arrangements aro sometimes found to com plicate tho question in a variety of ways and tho great difficulty to bo overcome 1 to reform works alroady existing, and U make them subservient to a moro genera and extended plan. Fortunately, wo in Sydnoy have thi advantage, that having done so little in tin way ofdrainageand sewage, weshallhavoles to undo ; and wo can thoreforo take ndvan tage bf all thc modern improvements, ant the latest adaptations of science to thi: branch of engineering. It appears that in most modern cities tho system adopted in dealing with tin wholo question of sewage and drainage varies according to tho nature of tho soi in tho locality of tho town, on tho charac tor of tho outfall, and on thc site, whotlici ona flat and level plain, or on risinggvound. or on a hill top ; all thoso circumstance." modifying to a certain oxtcnt tho system pursued. Tho tendency, however, in mosl of thoso enscs, is to direct houso-scicayi into tho public sewers, whore these already exist ; and-whore they do not, thc old sys- tem of cesspools still pro vails. So much has been said ngninst this sys- tem that it seems hardly necessary ta advert to it, except as to a system so ob- jectionable in every point of view, that tho sooner it is dono away with, by legis- lative enactment, tho belter. House cess- pools, as usually constructed, aro always objectionable, because they retain a perma- nent source of infection wherever con- structed. The operation of cleansing them is always disgusting and injurious, the foul cxhnlntions omitted contaminating tho air to a great distanco around. Add to this thu fact that they aro generally con- structed in closo proximity toourdwellings, and our surprise will bo increased that such monstrous nttisnncos should bo re- tained in nny civilised community. Wo find, notwithstanding, that tho house cesspool system provnils most extensively in Sydney nnd its suburbs, as appears from tho following extract from tho report of tho Bo'ard of Inquiry relativo to tho sup- ply of Sydney with irater. '' Tt may bo estimated that two-thirds of tho houses in Sydney have cesspools ; there aro, therefore, C000 cesspools, con- taining about 30 cubic feet each ; in all 180,000 cubic feet of tho most offensivo matter constantly exhaling into the air of the city-; whilst tho houses that have no privies at nil, are only so much tho greater nuisances. If these 6000 cosspools require to be emptied only onco in thrco years (!) and cost £2 onch time, tliero will bc a continual expense of ¿£4,000 per annum, on tho inhabitants for merely keeping a nuisanco within passable bounds, which might bc entirely removed if tho proper means woro nt hand ; and if tho samo monoy wcro expenden! in constructing proper water closets, there would bo no necessity for tho cosspools, thereby romoving another evil, tile periodical cleansing of theso rocoptaclcs of filth."-(Report pago G.) Rogarding tho mattel-, therefore, merely as ono of oxponso, thekouso cosspool system, as practised in Sydnoy is economically, as well ns radically, bad, and tho inhabitants pay annually a largo sum of money for tho continuance of this system, so injurious to to tho public hool th. Those cesspools in Sydnoy are frequently moro holes or pits excavated in tho ground, and tho contonts of courso rapidly permeate tho surrounding soil, by which process pits of this kind frequently aro found to drain thomsclvos, tho perviousness of tho material permitting the escape of tho so waga, until tho wholo neighbourhood becomos fully saturated with tho drainage which thon oozes through, and appears upon tho surface poisoning tho atmosphere around, and engendering gases of tho most noisome and pestilential description. ? But it may bo said, how is tho nuisanco to bo avoided, placed as tho city is with- out tho moans of house drainage, and without sowers, and .moreover without an adoquato supply of water to cleanse tho sowers of tho various roftiso matters that would ho discharged into them. In reply, wo would suggest a method for tho more immédiate removal of tho evil, aneh plan being, however, dopondont in a great móasuro on its success, ou an abundant ns well as constunt supply of water, and having a . local referenco only. This motliod does not profoss, thoreforo, to próvido for tho entire purposo of drain- age, but to Boparato tho rain nnd surface waters from thoso derived from hon BO drainage. ?: Tho two mniri objects in viow should bo just to show that tho sowago of Sydnoy oan ba collected and convoyed bayoud tho limits of tho city without any dotrimont to tho public health ; nnd second, that this can bb dorio with economy; The present population of Sydnoy and tho suburbs may bo estimated at about 60,000, and ¿ho total -solid and' liquid matters produced in a town, allowing for thoso produoed in manufactures, aro esti- mated at ono ton annually for each mombor of tho' population, consequently wo havo 60,000 tons of solid and liquid nioltor to bo romoved annually from , tho limits of tho city. Such mattor, consisting of tho rofuso of animal and YOgotablo substances, besidos tho wnato products of combustion, and of manufactories, oxcrcmontitious mattor, both solid and liquid, it is bolioved is far j too vftluablo to bo wasted by allowing it to I flow into tba so», and the system would therefore, deal with auch matter« di; tinctly, and separato the rain and surf»« .waters from tho house drainage of tho eitj The method proposed ie not now, a sonn what similar platt having boon proposo for disposing of tho sewage of London, b Mr. Phillips, tho chief surveyor to th Metropolitan Commission of Sowort This plan proposes to repárate tho hons drainage and sewage from tho surfnc waters or natural drainage, and lo provid a distinct system of drains for each, viz. impermeable drains and sewers for th former, and permeable drains for th latter. By tho method proposed, however, fo tho drainago of Sydney, ordinary drain and sewers of small dimensions would b required for tho surface drainage, sufficicn for carrying off tho rain water from thi streets, and glazed stonowaro pipos, care fully jointed, for tho houso drainage am sewage. These stonewaro pipes are nov offered at a eli cn por rato than iron ones and ai*c entirely free from tho chance o corrosion and permeability ; they an manufactured in cylindrical forms of al sizes, both with socket ends and plain bun ends, and also in a conical form with plait ends, tho cones fitting ono another, st that tho joints aro similar to cónica socket joints, and may bo made to lit witl a great degreo of exactness. For the smaller sowers, egg- shnpqd tubes arc nlsc prepared of tito samo material, and nn found efficient substitutes for thoso built of brickwork. For. tho reception of the sowago mat toi convoyed in thoso pipes, it is proposod lc construct a number of close tanks or dis trict receptacles," of impermeable mate rials, either of brick in cement, or iron, placed at various distances, depending partly on thc density of tho population o tho district, and partly on tho configura tion of tho ground. To each of these .'' district receptacles," all tho house drainage and sowago of the district would converge, n proper fall or inclination being givcu to tho drain pipes anel sewers for this purpose.' Tho capacity of each of thoso receptacles should bo proportioned to tho probable amount of drainago matter, assuming that each is emptied of its contents once n mon th or oftener ns might bo required. For tho periodical removal of tho sowago.matter collected in thoso recepta- dos, a portablo pumping apparatus with hose and air-pumps, which has been used in London and elscwhcro, with groat, suc- cess, for emptying cesspools, itu., should bo employed. This consists of a close cy- lindrical tank of boiler plato iron, mounted on wheels, with a hoso fitted to au aper- ture in it, and an air pump attached, so that tho chamber communicates with thc interior of tho tank. Thc hose (for cess- pools) is provided of such a length thnt it may bo laid through tho passngo of a house, and dipped into tho cosspool, white tho other end is attached to thc tank, into which tho contents of the cesspool aro ra- pidly transferred, without offence or nui- sance, by a labourer at tho air pump. As a proof of tho efficiency of this ma- chino for tho removal in large quantities of sewage matter, tho following instance, amongst others, was reported by the Sur- veyors to tho Metropolitan Commission of Sowers : " The contents of tho large cesspool, equal to 24 loads of sol], wera pu tn peel out in 3$ hours, at a cost of 24s. Under tho old system, th reo nights would havo boon occupied in emptying this cesspool, and it would havo cost at least ¿624 1" In adapting thia arrangement to Syd- noy, tho cylindrical tank would require to bo made of sufficient capacity to remove at each time from 300 to 400 cubic feet of soil, so that it could bo convoyed by horsos beyond the limits of tho city. lu a convenient locality, at a distance of not loss than th roo milos from Sydnoy, tho grand rccoptaclo or main reservoir for tho sewage mattor should bo formed : this should bo constructed in compartments, with a closo dam botwocn thom, so that ono moy bo used, whilst tho other is being emptied. Tho sowago matter being thou received into thoso reservoirs, passes through flood-gates, from ono to tho othor, depositing tho heavier and grosser parts at tho bottom. From thoso reservoirs tho solid matter would bo periodically ro movod, dried by exposure to tho sun and air, and then compressed by artificial means into solid cnlces, thus forming a valunblo articlo of mnnuro, fit for transmis- sion by laud or water carriage. Tho liquid mattor would bo, in a groat measure, evaporated in thoso largo and shallow reservoirs, but should any romain, it could bo discharged at a low lovel, anti oithor allowed to escape, or used for the purposos of irrigation, for meadow lands, gardon grounds, «fcc. This, it may bo observed^ . is a branch of agricultural ongincormg, whioh has not received tho nttontion which its advantages would ap- pear to warrant in this colony. In Franoo, Spain, Italy, Egypt, and India, however, it has for ages ongaged tho attention of agriculturists, and of governments, and immonso national. works, havo boon exe- cuted to insuro its successful application. Tho sowago wator has boon provod to bo tho most valuablo agent for, tho purpose of irrigation, and for tho improvement of pasture and meadow lands, and tho practi- cal rosult, near Edinburgh, of this applica- tion of sower-wator. to tho land, is " that land which let formerly at from 40s. to £G por. Scotoh nore, is now, lot annually nt from ¿£30 to £40 ; and that poor sandy soil on tho soa-shoro, which might bo worth 2s. Gd. por aero, lots at an annual ront of from ¿610. to £20. Tho average valuo of tho land, irrespective of tho sower water application, may bo taken at £3 por imperial acre, and tho average ront of tho irrigated lana at £80, making a difforonoo of £27, but ¿62 may bo doductod as tho cost ; of management, leaving ¿£25 por aero of. clear annual income dno to tho Bowo'r-wotor." Thoso surprising results wero stated by Mr. Smith, of Dennston, in roportlng to tho commissioners for inquiring into tho stnto of largo towns, and populous districts, upon " tho application of sower-wator to tho pnrpoBos of agriculture" j It is obvious, that » similar improvement in valuó of tli lands in tho vicinity - of Sydnc would be. tho result of a systom of irriga tion by sower water, similar to that in us in Scotland ; and this would ho tho natura consequence of tho method boro propose* for saving and collecting tho whole of tin sowago matter and . hou.»c drainago ù Sydney, in lieu of allowing it as at presen I to escapo for tho most part, or to bo do livorod upon tho shores ;of tho harbour, and left thero to stngnato and poison thc atmosphere. Tho disposal of th eso decomposirt" matters is little loss in importance than .their removal from tho sito of their pro- duction, and the accomplishment of thia second pnrposo would involve tho benefi- cial application of thoso refuse matters so as to mal: o thom productive of tho best ro snlts. Tho vainc of manures as promoters oí vegetation is well known, and this subject is too trite to dwell upon in this placo; and yet wo witness daily a vast quantity of tho most valuablo inannro yrastod for want of tho proper means and appliances for saving and collecting it. Tho plan proposed of largo district receptacles may, nt first sight, appear objcetionablo, as perpetuating on a largo scale, tho cesspool system 5 but if considered carefully, it will bo found that tho systems havo no analogy. In tho first placo, thoso re- ceptacles being constructed of impermeable materials, either brick or stone, set in cement or iron, there would bo no danger or possibility of their contents polluting tho atmosphere, particularly if tho chamber of thc tank into which thc sower discharges its contents, bo " trapped," by turning down into water, so that no impuro eximia tíons can possibly return along tho sewer towards tho houses and streets. Again, in thc operation of removing tho soil and fioivngo from thoso rccoptnclos, by means of tho apparatus previously described, no contamination of tho atmosphère can bo caused, as tho contents aro transferred from tho receptacle into tho portablo tank, without communicating with tho outer air. Moans of access should of course bo pro- vided to tho receiving tanks, for tho par puso of examination, and this would bo best afforded by means of sido entrances, consisting of a vertical squaro or rectangu- lar aperture, formed in brickwork, and covered by a hinged iron cover, fitted in tho foot pavcinont. This aper turo should bo carried down to a lovel of about two feet above thc bottom of thc tank, termi- nating in a short passage or tunnel, which opens into tho sido of tho tank. In tho suburban districts of the city, as at Paddington, Redfern, Chippendale, and Newtown, where the houses aro moro scat- tered, nnd whero comparatively largo sur- faces oxist in gardens, etc., provision might bo made for receiving tho surfaco water, together with tho houso sowago into tho receptacles, which in this caso would re- quire to be provided with a means of allow- ing tho wasto wator, when surcharged, to escape. This could readily be dono by so arranging them as to provide n fall, and tho surplus drainage water might bo con- veyed . in channels for tho irrigation of grass-land market gardens, etc. j Thus in applying tho sowago water of part I of tho Old Town of Edinburgh to tho irri j gntion of grass land, the sower water i coming from a section of tho town is dis I charged into a natural channel or brook, aUtho baso of tho town, at sufficient height above a largo tract of laud oxtonding j towards the son to admit of its being flowed by gravitation over o surfaco bf several hundred acres. The water, as it comos from tho sewers, is received into ponds, whero it is allowed to settle and deposit tho gross atid honvj' malters which are enrriod along by tho water. From these tanks or settling ponds, tho sower water flows off at the surfaco at tho oppo- site cud to its entrance. Tho water so flowing off still holds in suspension a largo quantity of fertilising matter, chiofly of vcgctablo and animal origin. This wator is mado to flow over plots of ground, foriuod of oven surfaco, so that tho water shall flow as equally as possiblo over tho wholo, with various declinations, accord- ing to circumstances, and it is found ia practico that tho flow of wator can easily bo adjusted to suit tho declination. Tho practical results of this sys- tem of collecting the drainago and sowago of tho city of Sydnoy would bo tho production of a quantity of valuable manuro, which, applied to tho purposes of agriculture and horticulture, would double thoir products. A very reduced estimato of tho valuo for manuro of tho sowago matter of a largo town, re- presents it at five shillings for each parson annually. Thus tho valuo' of tho products of tho population of Sydnoy would bo JG1C,000 per annum, a largo sum, when wo consider that thoso products oro now not only allowed to run to wasto^ but, by tho present arrangomont, aro calculated to I engeudor disoaso and death, by their do [ composition and consequent pollution of j tho atmosphere. I In a prceoding part of this papor it was calculated that at least GO.OOO tons of I sowago matter is annually produced in Sydnoy and its suburbs, and that this i vast quantity of manure should bo mado ! available for agricultural production, is a principio which cannot ho doniod, and which is properly to bo limited only by tho consideration of the probable expense, This expenso, it must bo admitted, is diffi- cult in tho proton t state of affairs, to cal- cúlalo with any dogrco of eortainty. In England tho cost of sowers, including sido ontrahoes, traps, gullies, outlets, junctions, &o.;,. is a mattor of easy calcu- lation, as is also that of drain pipos, wator closets, &o.; This latter oxçonso, assura ihg that oaoh houso will roquiro 40 foot of five inch drain pipo, and ono wntor-olesot, will bo covered by ano shilling per foot for tho pipo, or £2 por houso anti tho closot provided at a similur cost. Tho totnl cost for oaoh house in London, ÎB thoroforo ¿64. In Sydnoy it is probnblo that this oxpons« would bo doublo, or say £8 por houso for all tho requisite apparatus, and all neces- sary traps, junctions, bends, ¿ta. For snob a pnrposo, who, amongst onr pnbliccconomistsand wealthy Monso-ownci jn Sydnoy, would begrudge such nn'cxpoi dituro ? Tho first cost would bo covered i a few years, by tho saving in cost « emptying nnnunlly or half-yearly, t ttho caso rnny bo, thoso receptacles < filth, tho coBBpools, tho cost of whic .cannot bo estimated at less "than 80s. t 40s. per annum. -Although it does not fall within on limits to discuss the governmental or mi nicipal mensures which would 'bc require ito .authorise and direct such an ndjustmcii of tho details ot private drainngo as wonl be necessary to ensure their conformit with tho principles hero advocated, an which principles, bo it understood, la ?claim neither to novelty nor originality, ye it is maintained that as essential parts of general system, they should bo commande and'enforced by adequato public nulhorit .and .carried into effect without favour o evasion. Tile .necessity which exists of avoid in; all sources of unwholesome and offensiv effluvia, and ol'preserving the public health should cause tho immediate abolition of th house oesspoel system in Sydney, with it concomitant evils, and nil receptados o sewage matter either within or connectci with all houses and buildings whatsoever and as a necessary 'conscqucnco, should cn force tho conveyance of tho houso drainage in proper drain pipes, which should bc con structed and maintained in a condition o complete impermeability, so that no por tion of their contents should bo suffered t< escape. To conclude, tho following general sum mary of tho correct principles to be nctet upon ia the drainngo and sewage of a large town, comprehends'all tho most important points of thc subject.* 1\. That tho proper channels for thc conveyance of drainage matters aro con- tinuons lines of drains and sewers which should convoy tho matters comniittod to them rapidly to tho appointed receptacles or places of collection ; and that in order to ensure this proper action of the sewers, they should bo designed, constructed, laid, and fitted according to tho following rules : 2\. That tho entire length of tho sower shall bo thoroughly impervious to tho oscnpo of any of tho liquid discharged into it. 3\. That tho dimension of tho sewer shall bo proportional to tho servico re- quired of it, without Buch CXCCBS of ca- pacity as would retard tho current through 4\. That tho sowers and drain-pipes shall bo laid underground, but nt thu least practicable depth, so as to sccuro them from injury. G. That all lines of main and subsi- diary sowers shall bc laid with such decli- vity towards tho receptacles into which they discharge, ns shall ensure thc con- stant motion of their contents. (i. That this rate of declination should in no enso bo less than 1 in 240, or 22 feet in a mile, and that, whero practi- cable, a greater fall or inclination is de- sirable. ., [. 7\. That tho form of. tho sewer should ba such ns will afford thc maximum resistance against thc external pressure of thc 'soil in which it is laid, and at thc same time aid tho action of the sower by preserving thc full effect of small quantities of liquid, nnd shall also bc such as will maintain thc smoothest possible surfaco for thc passage of tho sewage. 8\. That tho egg-shaped, or oviform section of sower has been proved to fulfil these conditions, and tiiat no other form of section should bo used. 9\. That all inlets to sewers bo effectu- ally and permanently trapped, so that no effluvia cnn escupe from tho sewngo into tho buildings or thoroughfares of tho town. 10\. That in order to attain a general uniformity in tho s'.zo nnd functions of main sowers, with a view to thc general s i 11 ) j 11 i c i ty gu ii tl oflicioncy of the system, thu distnnco of the several receptacles, or places of collection, from each other, should bo graduated according to tho density of tho population. Thus tho moro dense tho population, tho nearer should bo tho col- lecting stations. Let all tho details of tho drainago and sowago of a town bo carried out in accord- ance with those principles, and their com- bined effect will bo found to result in n system of considerable, if not perfect, efficiency, in which publie and private nuisances will bo reduced to a minimum, and security afforded against tho spread ol' pestilential and vpidomic disorders among tho population. THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTRALIA.-No. 4. FACULTY OF OBSERVATION-INTUITION-STOICISM -RITES OF SEPULTURE, AND REVERENCE FOR THE DEAD. THE faculties of observation and percep- tion are perhaps the greatest endowments of the mind. Among civilised men, whole nations are distinguished by the posses- sion of those gifts ; and on their exercise depends, more than on anything else what- ever, the destiny of individuals. It is not alone, however, in investigating and com- prehending cause and effect that the exer- cise of observation or perception consists ; the simple fact of noting the existence of certain objects or phenomena, is in itself an effort often deserving consideration and merit. No man, for instance, not born blind, has failed to see that beautiful flood of light in the firmament known as the Milky Way ; but how many have lived and died so absorbed in their own imme- diate thoughts, and so prone to earth, that its existence could be scarcely said to come within the limits of their knowledge. Hence, among a primitive people, the close and exact observation of great facts and remarkable phenomena may be considered as great an accomplishment as would be the detailed investigation and description of them among enlightened men. Innu- merable proofs exist to show that the 'Australian aboriginal is by no means defi- ?. Thu- writer considers It duo to tho render to .tato that ho has derived much iuloiiniitiou on tho . subject treated ol' from ' Slr. Deinpsoy's (?"Trcntl o -on ? tlio-^Drninngo and Selvage of >TOWIIB niidj Buildings,-11 » work which may hu consulted with julvitntago by thoso who aro dc tirouH ol' exic'iHliiitf. tlieir information on thu Mihj,ot. -j- y?: - . ? ' ? ? I cient in this respect. That he is not indifferent to the multitudinous and beau- tiful objects of the starry spheres, may be inferred from the well- authenticated fact of his having distinguished from surround- ing groups the constellation Gemini, and having conferred thereon an appellation of his own choosing-the Castor and Pollux of classic lore, being by the New Hol- lander transformed into the Blackfellow and his Gin. Those dark specks in the heavens, long known as Magellan's Clouds, have likewise been noted by the aborigine and their existence explained by them in their own peculiar style. The tradition is current among the tribes of the north- ern part of Australia- that a solitary black, having strayed from his companions, on a hunting excursion, lighted a fire in the night where he stopped ; that having warmed himself with its heat, and the fuel being reduced to embers, he cast his eyes upwards, where he beheld distinctly above him the wonderful spectacle of the smoke of his fire condensed into a cluster of dark spots, and standing immovable in the sky. Such is the aboriginal origin of Magellan's Clouds. Whether, the tradi- tion affords any explanation as to why. and wherefore the smoke performed such an extraordinary feat, or why the smoke of the fire lighted by the aforesaid be- nighted individual should accomplish such an eccentricity, any more than the smoke [ of any other fire, has not been ascertained. That such a tradition, however, should obtain among the aborigines, and be received by them with some degree of credulity, is by no means improbable or unnatural, when it is considered that traditions and fables, not a whit more reasonable, and not half so logical, are common in the most civilised nations. Eclipses are among the phenomena which the aborigines regard with peculiar interest and attention, such occurrences being always looked upon as the forerunners of calamity. And, strange to say, an eclipse of the moon is looked upon as a much more important and serious matter than an eclipse of the sun. Whenever the former luminary becomes obscured by an interposition of our globe, the aborigines manifest the utmost alarm and concern ; they say that she is assailed by her enemies, and with loud clamours and violent gesti- dilations, discharge arrows, spears, and other missiles towards her supposed tormentors, which they continue to do till the eclipse has terminated. This and many other reasons tend to the conclusion that the orb of night is regarded with greater veneration by the blacks, than the luminary of the day. For this, however, some very probable reasons can be adduced. By the light of the moon their fishing expeditions arc carried out ; by the same light, they hunt the animals on which they chiefly depend for suste- nance, and many of those latter are only to be procured during the hours of night. Thus the moon is their more immediate benefactress, although her benefactions fall far short of those conferred by the more ardent source of light ; and acting in ac- cordance with the maxim that the best gift is best remembered, the aborigines regard the former with the greater amount of veneration. Intuition, or the power of anticipating thought, and accomplishing feats to the mind of civilised men impossible without the aid of science, appears to be a gift of the blacks of Australia in common with other savage tribes. The Indians of North America are said to be capable, by the assistance of some unexplained agency, of navigating the vast lakes of that con- tinent with a precision not to be surpassed where the compass and all the other scientific apparatus of modern navigation are rendered available-reaching in their canoes a destined point on the opposite shores, although for days out of sight of any land. Instances of the display of this extraordinary sagacity fully as striking are recorded by those who have had experience of the powers of the abo- rigines of New Holland. A native of the Swan River district, who accom- panied Captain Stokes in one of his voyages of discovery, was at all times capable of indicating the direction of cer- tain ports, when no land was visible, and when neither the sun nor the stars were to be seen to afford him any assistance. The same aboriginal could, at the termination of a voyage, delineate the course the ship had pursued during a cruise of weeks, with a precision which astonished the ablest seamen. It is, however, highly probable, that the solution of the problem would be found within the sphere of natu- ral causes ; but that the process of obser- vation, by which the savage is enabled to display this power, is so intrícate and so minute as to render the term "intuition " not altogether inapplicable, would doubt- less be the result of a close investigation of the subject. The Australian aboriginal will detect at once the spot under which a human body lies buried, or will indicate the point in a river or a creek where it has sunk. This, on first view, would be con- sidered a species of second sight, whereas it is merely the result of an observation of minute appearances and indications. In the former case, certain peculiarities in the insects on the surface show to the eye of the black that mortality moulders beneath ; in the latter case, appearances equally trifling afford the necessary token. So, likewise in their navigation ; aids and indications unknown to civilised man, because unnecessary, supply the place of science, and in some instances put to the blush the discoveries and improve- ments of ages. A certain stoicism of demeanour is like- wise a characteristic of the aborigines of New Holland, in common with some other primitive tribes. This is principally evinced in the indifference with which they regard, on first view, the wonders of civilization-its ships, warlike implements, vehicles, horses, and various other appur- tenances. An extraordinary instance of this stoic indifference is on record. A ship having touched at a part of the coast where it was highly improbable that a European vessel had ever called before, a boat-party landed for the-purpose of procuring wood and making observations on the nature of the country. When the party landed, a solitary-aboriginal approached them in the most confidant manner, and entered into communication with them through the medium of signs, without evincing the least appearance of embarrassment or dread. On the boat afterwards leaving the shore to return to the ship, he turned his face homewards, and disap- peared in the bush, without once looking back at what must have been to him a new and extraordinary spectacle. An illustration of their indifference is also afforded by the carelessness they evince on first coming in contact with those huge animals which are ever adjuncts to Euro- pean society-horses, cattle, &c.; The American Indians for a long time enter- tained the belief that the horses of the Europeans were beasts of prey, used in warfare to destroy and devour the enemy, while some looked upon the horse and rider as identical ; hence, in the early contests between the first colonists and the aborigines, one horseman has been known to put to flight hundreds of the latter. No such feelings of surprise or fear are betrayed by the New Hollander in his first intercourse with Europeans and their ac- companying agencies. Instances are nu- merous where the aborigines in the most remote parts of the interior, where white man never before trod, or was never men- tioned, have become at once the auxiliaries of explorers, approaching and handling their beasts of burden as though they had been all their days accustomed to such brutes. Nor can this be ascribed to any other cause than a quickness of perception by which they at once perceive the use and application of every thing they behold, combined with a certain savage dignity, which prevents them from expressing wonder or surprise at what are the mere subserving agencies of men. The rite of sepulture is perhaps among the most important distinguishing indices of a people ; the mode of its performance, and its accompanying ceremonies, are therefore deserving of attention, in consi- dering the peculiarities and customs of a race of men. Among the Now Holland tribes the rite appears to vary considerably in different districts, and is held in various degrees of importance by various tribes. In some places the body is not buried in the earth, but placed on a raised hurdle, wrapped in coverings of bark and twigs. In other districts it is buried in the usual manner, the grave being marked by a raised mound, stakes being sometimes driven into the earth at the four corners. They do not appear to have any regular ceme- teries, and four or five graves is the great- est number which has been observed in any locality. But although in general the rites of burial are unaccompanied by ostenta- tion, and the place of interment unmarked by any lasting memorial, instances there are where, in imitation of civilised people, the aborigines have raised laboured and sub- stantial monuments to perpetuate the me- mory of some great or favourite individual. The most important of those sepulchral monuments which has heretofore been dis- covered is described as a large pile of earth, formed in the shape of a dome, and con- structed with evident design and consider- able skill and neatness, considering the rude implements available for the work. The hollow whence the earth was taken is described as forming a well-defined circle round the tomb. On digging into this latter, it was found to cover a vault, its weight being sustained by a scaffolding of timbers placed transversely over the mouth of the grave. Within the vault lay the remains of the deceased with his face towards the east, encased in swathings composed of grass, bark, and other similar material. The most striking feature, how- ever, in connexion with the object was the elaborate carvings, discovered in some of the trees immediately surrounding the spot, the skill and labour exercised in which greatly astonished the beholders. To this custom of burying the dead with the face towards the cast, which prevails in some degree among the blacks, as well as to that of circumcision, practised by some tribes in the northern coasts, may be attributed the hypothesis of the Hebrew origin of the New Hollanders ; some writers having gone so far as to state that they have observed among the aborigines, individuals with features strongly marked by those peculiarities characteristic of the chosen people ! A strange and ludicrous custom is mentioned as being practised at inter- ments by the blacks of the eastern coast, which consists in carrying the body of the deceased by circuitous routes for several miles round the grave-a wise precaution, said to be intended to thwart the dead, should he ever design to fright the living by " revisiting the glimpses of the moon" in ghostly guise ! From this it is appa- rent that ghosts and goblins, and the other numerous airy denizens with which the imagination has peopled earth and air in European countries, have found a habitation and a name in the Australian wilderness. In some parts, the relations of the deceased pretend to receive mys- terious communications from him, previous to interment. Extreme reverence for the memory of the dead is a remarkable principle among the doctrines of the aborigines. Do mor- tuis nil nisi bonum, is the maxim incul- cated by an enlightened benevolence among civilised men, and very generally acted upon ; the Australian aborigine goes fur- ther, and not only proclaims that no evil shall be spoken of the dead, but that the silence of the tomb shall in no wise be broken by the living. This rule is carried out to the letter, and with the utmost stringency. Thus, if an individual bear the same name as the deceased, he is obliged to adopt some other for a certain period, so that even the name of the dead may not be spoken ; and if a deceased person be enquired after by some one ignorant of his demise, he will not be an- swered otherwise than by the downcast looks and marked silence of those whom he questions. 