HUNTER RIVER DISTRICT. (From our own Correspondent.) ECCLESIASTICAL. - On Wcduesday ? Afternoon, tho Bishop of Newcastle cutcohised "tho children belonging to tho Church of England Denomina- tional School in tho Church (St. Mary's), West Maitland. As the children were in their holiday suits, and the Bishop in his robes, tho soeno, con- sidered in an urtistieul point of view, was rather imposing. After tho examination, the Bishop examined a number of children of much larger growth, &o.; It is the intention of tho Bishop to bold iv chatechclicul examination in Maitland on i every 'Wednesday during Lent. During tho doy, cards wero dolivered to sevurol young ladies of tho town, authorising them to collect subscrip- tions in behalf of the Church of England Qrnni mur School, about to be established in Mait- land. TUB WEATHER.-We had a slight thunder squall yesterday (Wednesday) ovoning. From tho ¡great heat of the day, we oxpeotcd rain would fall quickly, thickly, and heavily, ns iii a thundor shower, but thu clouds woro away to tho south- east, and left tu minus tho oxpeotcd refreshment. ¡The weather is now fino. How pleasant it would Ibo to join ti pie nie at the South l'olo during this warm season, POLICE COURT.-On Tuesday, tho 8th instant, ¡fiyo nativos of tho Celestial Empire woro charged with assaulting a person named Peter llrady, on tho Morpeth road. It appeared from tho evidence tho Chinamen exhibit*! a most determined spirit Of revengo. Ono of the Chinamen, named Wan, iwas conviotod of tho assault, ou account of his having struck Brady with a stone, and was sen- tenced to 24 hours' imprisonment.-Ou Monday, o man named Patrick Bryan, was committed for trial at the Quartär (talion*, charged with having \ stolen twoooe pound note» from William Budden. -A. few cases of drunkenness, and others of little public importance, were also disposed of. TUB HOADS.-As tho weather is now fine, the attention of parties who may bo interested in having good roads, ou<¿ht to ber directed to that important subject. Many pieces of roadway in neighbouring places aro in a bad condition. By and by there will be wet weather, nnd then theso spots will press heavily against all unfortunate cart-wheels that may have to pass through them. Many parts of thc road between Maitland and Morpeth require ¡inmediato- repair. Tho road from Morpetu to the punt over the Hunter, at Hinton, is in such a state tliat oven genius would fail to throw a charm over it ; and the road through Hinton, on the other side of the Hunter, would appal tho ghost of Macadam. Tho samo thing may be affirmed o£mauy other portions of road in this district ; surely these evils ought to ba remedied in time, lt is far better to put a shoulder to tho wheel at an appropriate season, than to have to put a shoulder to it when it is stuck fast in the mud. PUBLIC LinitAiiï is MAITLAND.-The ability to read is ono of those inestimable advantages which civilizition confers on the human family. A greater amount of sereno pleasure springs from tho exercise of this power than perhaps from any other sou/eo. The ability to read is tho key _ which unlocks tho treasury of thought and geuius. The productions of mind lie en- tranced on the marked paper until reading, Uko tho stroke of a magician's wand, rouses them into lifo and actuality. Beading causes tho ideas of others to mingle with our own, and enables us to borrow splendour and light from all that is graud and beautiful in literature. As we con the historic page wo behold thc shadows of tho departed great stealing through the gloom of an- tiquity, ns setting sunlight steals through tho arched windows of a gothio ruin. Wc hear too tho voices of Ibo dead warning us to bowaro of tho rooks on which their harks wero wrecked, or stimulating us to the performance of noble and patriotic actions, or instructing us in the deep things of their philosophy. If tho lessons of modern science enchain our attention, they shod a clear and steady light on our understandings; if tho pages of Christian truth attract our notice, they unfold a pure faith and inspiro us with noble sentiments. When both theso are com- bined, philosophy may bo said to banish doubt, solve difficulty, and partially illuminate tho myste- ries of thc universe, whilo religion .starting from tho spot where philosophy finishes her oarcur, de velopes tho end of our being and projects beams of surpassing brightness into eternity. Whether we preservo thc productions of the poet, those of the philosopher, or tlioso of tho Divine, tho power to read manifesta its vuluo at every step of our progress. Society would be in a state of intense barbarism if boys had not been taught to read. Thero is no public library in Maitland. Wo have many doctors, many clergymen, many lawyers, many storekeepers,"and a largo and wealthy population, but no library. This mark of civili- zation, of refinement, of progress, does not dis- tinguish and adorn our town. Should wo break our skulls (in spito of their thickness), wo have surgeons to adjust thc fracturo ; should we feel religiously disposed, we have clergymen to in- struct and enlighten on all mutters pertaining to their provinco; should wo get into a scrape, we have lawyers to plead our cause and give us a character ; but, should wo wish to hold converso with tho mighty dead, to peruse tho pro- ductions of immortal genius, thero are no.means. Our sicknesses, our quarrels, our moral necessi- ties, aro all attended to, but the wants of tho mind-that most magnificent and sublimo of sublunary things are unsupplied, and almost forgotten. The result of this lack of healthy mental exercise is apparent in tho conduct of our youth. Paltry aud vicious amusements aro sought nnd valued ; precious time is frittered away in witnessing the galloping of horsoa and tho stupid feats of tho clown ; whilo music, dear, delightful music, with all its soul-stirring sweetness and cxhaustless harmonies, is marred and polluted by tho vilest associations. Tho human voice, which should never speak in song save to stir tho finest emo- tions of our nature, is beard blurting out heavy imitations of barbarism in concert with tho exe- crable rattle of dead bonos ; while, to render the cheat still moro offensive to taste, tho fair propor- tions of humanity uro hidden beneath a mass of soot and swcot oil. Mea will have, and more- over men ought to have, amusement. Wo aro gifted with various faoulties besides thoso which aro purely intellectual. Tho mind cannot be al- ways studying lines and anglos ; nor will the eyo permit us to bo always reading. Wo therefore requiro recreation. Let that amusement bo healthy aud innocent, and such as will tend to elevate our character, or at least not degrade us below tho swine of the miro. One means of pro- moting a tasto for good music, rational amuse- ment, and in short everything elso that is good is tho establishment of public librarlos, of which we arc sorry to say our town is destitute. 