MRS. H. B. STOWE IN SCOTLAND. IN spite of her delicate health, the authoress of " Uncle Tom's Cabin" has had to go through the ordeal of several public appeal dances during the week ending April 30. In company with her husband, Prof? sor Stowe, the Rev. Mr. Beecher, and one or two other friends, she left Glasgow on Tuesday. She was received at the Edinburgh station by the Lord Provost and magistrates, almost every member of the Town Council, and a number of clergymen of different denominations, and many well known citizens. After having spoken for a few moments with Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ingham, whose guest she is, and acknowledged the repeated demonstrations of enthusiasm on the part of the spectators, Mrs. Stowe alighted, and was received by the Lord Provost, who conducted her to his carriage at the end of the platform. To this point another rush was made, and the anxiety to catch a glimpse of the distinguished visitor was manifested, we (Scottish Press) regret to say, in some instances at the expense of propriety and proper courtesy, not a few individuals going so far as to push their heads inside the carriage windows. Mrs. Stowe seemed considerably affected by the enthusiasm displayed, and repeatedly acknowledged the cheers which greeted her. She was also greatly cheered in proceeding through the city, especially by the students in front of the College. Our contemporary says that Mrs. Stowe is a lady of very plain and unassuming appearance, with a slight figure, and a countenance which at once indicates indifferent health, and is strikingly unlike any of the engravings and lithographs professing to be pom area which now hang in print shop windows. A grand " banquet," in honour of Mrs. Stowe, and in promotion of the Anti- slavery cause, was held in the Music Hill, Edinburgh, on Wednesday evening. About 1200 or 1500 ladies and gentlemen attended the demonstra- tion, and the reception of the accomplished authoress was of a very cordial and enthusiastic description. The chair was occupied by the Lord Provost, and he was surrounded by numerous influential clergymen and gentlemen, chiefly of Dissenting persuasions. The Lord Provost, in opening the proceedings, said that Edinburgh was one of the first town in Britain to speak out in the abolition cause, and alluded to the great meeting held there on the 19th of October, 1830, when the celebrated speech of the late Rev. Dr. Andrew Thomson gave a keynote to the agitation, which soon after ended in the entire abolition of West Indian slavery. A few verses of welcome to Mrs. Stowe, written by Mr. James Ballantine, were then recited by Mr. Macdonald, and magnificently sung by Mr. T. M. Hunter and chorus, amidst much applause. The Rev. J. R. Campbell then came forward and read an address, presented on the part of the contributors to the " Uncle Tom Penny Offering." Mr. Campbell also intimated that he had addresses from the Ladies' Female Emancipation Society, and from the inhabitants of Dalkeith and also that there were deputations on the platform from Glasgow, Kirkcaldy, Berwick-on-Tweed, Galashiels, Falkirk, Cupar, and other places. The " Uncle Tom Penny Offering," a subscription madeinEdin burg and other towns, collected in peace. and small sums, and intended to be a national contribution from Scotland in behalf of the slave was handed over to Mrs. Stowe in the shape of £1000, with the request that she would expend it in whatever way she might consider best to benefit the slave and advance the cause of emancipation. The money was presented on a silver salver, the gift of a few ladies in Edinburgh, and which Mrs. Stowe was requested to keep in remembrance of the occasion. The salver bears the following inscrip- tion s's Presented to Mrs. H. Beecher Stowe, by a few ladies of Edinburgh, in testimony the high appreciation in which they hold her as a woman, as a Christian, and as the friend inhumanity, and in memorial of the present tation in gold, of the Scottish National Penny Offering now placed upon it, amounting to £1000, to be appropriated by Mrs. Stowe for the cause of the slave. Edinburgh, April 20, 1863." Professor Stowe read the following reply from his wife : " I accept these congratulations and honours, and this offering, which it has pleased Scotland to bestow on me, not for anything that I have said or done, notes in any sense acknowledging that they are or can be deserved, but with heartfelt humble gratitude to God, as tokens of mercy to a cause most sacred, and most oppressed. In the name of a people despised and rejected of men in the name of men of sorrows acquainted with grief, from whom the faces of all the great and powerful of the earth have been hidden the name of oppressed and suffering humanity, I thank you. The offering given is the dearer to me, and the more hopeful, that it is literally the penny off. ring, given by thousands on thousands, a penny at a time. When, in travelling through your country, aged men and women have met me with such fervent blessings, little children gathered round me with such loving eyes-when honest hands, hard with toil, have been stretched forth with such hearty welcome when I have seen how really it has come from the depths of the hearts of the common people, and know, as I truly do, what prayers are going up with it from the humblest homes of Scotland, I am encouraged. I believe it is God who inspires this feeling, and I believe God never inspired it in vain. I feel an assurance that the Lord hath looked down from heaven to hear the groanings of the prisoners, and according to the greatness of his power, to loose those that are appointed to die. In a human view nothing can be more hopeless than this cause : all the wealth, and all the power, and all the worldly influence is against it. But here in Scotland, aged we tell the children of the Covenant, that the Lord on high is mightier than all human power r Here, close by the spot where your fathers signed that Covenant, in an hour when Scotland's cause was equally poor and depressed ; here, by the spot where holy martyrs sealed it with their blood, it will neither seem extravagance nor enthusiasm to say to the children of such Îtárente that, for the support of this cause, we look not to the things that are seen, but to the things that are not seen-to that God who, in the face of all the worldly power, gave liberty to Scotland, in answer to your father ? prayers. Our trust is in Jesus Christ, and in the power of the Holy Ghost, and in the promise that He shall reign, till He hath put all things under his feet. There are those faithless ones who, standing at the grave of a buried humanity, tell us that it is vain to hope for our brother, because he hath laid in the grave three days already. We turn from them to the face of Him who has said, " Thy brother shall rise again." There was a time when our great High Priest-our brother, yet our Lord-lay in the grave three days and the governors and powers of the earth made it as sure as they could, Dealing the stone, and setting a watch. But a third day came, and an earthquake, and an angel. So shall it be to the cause of the oppressed. Though now small and despised, we are watchers at the sepulchre ; like Mary and the trusting women, we can sit through the hours of darkness. We are watching the sky for the golden streaks of dawning, and we believe that the third day will surely come. For Christ our Lord, being raised from the dead, dieth no more and he has pledged his word that he shall not fail nor be discouraged till he have set judgment on the earth ; he shall deliver the poor when becometh, the needy, and him that hath no helper. The night is far spent the day is at hand. The universal sighing for humanity in all countries, the whole creation groaning and travelling in pain together-the earnest expectation of the creature waiting for the manifestation of the Son of God-show that the day is not distant when he will break every yoke, and let the oppressed go free. And whatever we are able to do for this sacred cause, let us cost it where the innumerable multitude of Heaven cast their crowns, at the feet of the Lamb, saying, "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power and riches, wisdom and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing." 