LOCAL. LECTURE ON ELECTRO-BIOLOGY. Mr. Bullock gave his second experimental lecture, with electro-biological illustrations, at the Mechanics' Institute, last evening. There was a very fair attendance, comprising some two hundred and fifty people, including many of the elite of Hobart Town. After his introductory observations, Fifteen persons, including several youths, were ultimately collected on the platform, and the discs being put into their hands the usual request for silence was preferred by the lecturer. In fifteen minutes Mr. Bullock went round, and removing the discs, asked each individual to open his eyes and shut them also. If he could not do the latter, Mr. Bullock afterwards explained he was capable of being acted upon; the result was that five-Mr. Harris again, and a person named William Love, and three boys were declared more or less susceptible, and the rest were discharged from attendance. The boys were first told to place their hands, one over the other, on the top of the cranium. Notwithstanding their utmost attempts to remove them they could not do so, till informed by the operator that it was "all right.'' They were requested to inform the audience if they had used every effort to remove their hands from that position, which they did, when Mr. Bullock remarked that one of them had been operated upon on the previous evening, but that the rest being from the indiscriminate mass of spectators, there could not be the slightest suspicion of collusion. Several of the experiments performed on the previous evening having been repeated, and in every case the disposition to act contrary to the commands of the lecturer distinctly averred by each individual operated upon, Mr. Love, who exhibited considerable native humour in his manner and treatment of the operator, was compelled to forget the first letter of the alphabet. Betraying symptoms, when told he forgot his own name, of pronouncing it, Mr. Bullock extended his hand as a phrenologist would a pair of calipers, in a direction extending from the middle to the posterior region of the cranium, the thumb appearing to us to rest upon the forepart of that usually described as Benevolence, and his forefinger down to the organ of Amativeness, the hollow of the thumb resting apparently upon the organ of Firmness The name was then forgotten. We mention this occurrence, not with a view of connecting the operations with the science of Phrenology but for the object of remarking the distinction which seems to exist between the experiments of Mr. Poyser, whose lectures upon the subject always enforced the idea of electrical action upon the organs of the brain in the phrenological chart. It is presumed that if Mr. Poyser had been called upon to induce loss of memory when his patients were in the so- called hypnotic state, the organs he would have excited would be found in, a different region of the brain. It is not our purpose to lay before all our readers the whole of the experiments as made by Mr." Bullock, as they would only constitute a repetition of those narratives, in connection with the subject, which have appeared at various times in the Courier and other local journals. It will be sufficient to observe, that the operator was in four of the cases-there being one person who in the early part of the evening he declared not fully under his influence, and ceased to operate upon remarkably successful. He made Mr. Love believe that he and an ossification of the elbow joint, that it was growing to his (the operator's) arm and that he, could, not remove it. lins Mr. Love could not do until released from the electric influence. Mr. Harris and the boys were made to walk lame, and forced to make a perpetual series of "salaams" to the spectators. The youths, who never stammered in their lives before, were made to articulate with difficulty. The operator inquired whether there were any friends of the boys r in the room ? "There is the father of one here," said a voice from the gallery, and at the request of the lecturer tim speaker came forward. It was Mr. 1 terminate, the cure chandler. .' Who is-that ma man ? ' says.Mr.'Bullock, "My father,"-reped the boy. Asemioircularswocpof the hand beat the windows of the boy's understanding," he allows' vacancy: "if he ever had a father, he could not tell that father's name;" and he clare! subsequently he had no recollection of the strange man who had stood before him. the applause, which broke from' the astonished agitators at this singular occurrence afforded Mr Bullock an opportunity to remark that he had made this experiment with a view to deprive the audience of the least possible suspicion of collusion, and this inquiry Whether they had the least doubt upon pt point, ones of " No," " No," resounded from different parts of the Hall. I I' " " " , Neither, of the two arrests could strife Mr. Bullock except in the direction he ordered that.' Mr. Love evidently stood the most game, and was the best pugilist chance threw in the way, and readily assumed the character of "Ben Court," who he believed himself to be. '" In the " ever-changeable water experiment," Mr. Love was particularly humorous; as man and water, or as brandy, the aqua pure was equally delectable, and as castor oil particularly nonsense; he evidently relished the sherry, and drained thè^^uuiUcr.^.Jift-t was compelled to become intoxicated, and performed the unsteady part of the business with an air of con- viviality which forced loud laughter from the audience. The seats of Mr. Love and his companion were rendered too hot to sit upon, and by the secret refrigerators influence of the operators succeeded by intense cold. Hains was persuaded that it rained and Love held up a stick, under the impression it was an umbrella, to protect himself from the snow. After Love had been seduced to the belief that he was in Wombwell's Menagerie, instead of the Mechanics' Institute, and had been terrified with the vision of a pursuing lion he was asked if he was particularly partial to any ladies. His virtuous repudiation of the soft impeachment being tendered, he modestly owned there was one fair lady whose presence he could have wished. A piece of Hank white paper was put into his hand. He saw nothing particular when asked to look at it, and stood in speculative mood wondering what was next. A, pass and friendly top on the shoulder, accompanying a request to look again, and what a change was there 1 The lineaments of the fair being were before him, her portrait taken from the life. Another change, and to ! the portrait disappears by magic, and site is lost to his bewildered gaze. The paper remains as a remembrance of the void. He was subsequently made to believe a walking-stick was a snake, that it coiled about his legs, and tried to instil its deadly venom. Anon, he is tortured with visions of Hyrcanian hue, a grisly bear approaches and threatens him with instant death. He flies to the lecturer for protection, is met by a friendly "all right," and joins in the laugh at the credulity of his excited imagination. Mr. Bullock, having expressed a willingness to repeat any experiments which the audience might desire was requested to give some more sherry to Love. A glass of water was handed to Mr. Love in accordance with this request. "Have you ever seen water through a microscope ?" He answers, "No." " Look at that water, do you see the animalculae ? There is a large snake in it. They are coming out ! See, they will bite you." Love, for a short time un- moved, betrays symptoms of agitation, becomes fearful, and relating his hold of the tumbler, grasps it nearer the bottom. " They come, they come," is still the cry. Fear for his finger-ends brings the other hand up for protection, the menaced hand is placed under the glass, which he almost falls. Released from his precarious situation by the kindness of " his master," he rushes to the table, and seizing the oilcloth, proceeds to wipe the fancied reptiles from his finger. Thus ended the second seance of Mr. Bullock, the electro biologist. A great deal has been said privately about the elocution, pronunciation, and accentuation of Mr. Bullock : he has been said to be a Cockney, but he had scarcely spoken half-a-dozen sentences before he was recognised as one of ' Tim Bobbin countrymen ;' and those who are acquainted with the Lancashire dialect, generally appreciate his style, if characterised by any peculiarity, as distinguished by slight and excusable provincialisms. The Musical Conductor of the Serenaders (Mr. J. C. Rainer) takes his benefit this evening, under the patronage of the Licut.-Gt>vemor, and introduces, with the usual novelties, a burlesque on the Italian Opera, which promises to be well sustained. Those who have attended the concerts can duly appreciate his style of singing, and we have no doubt there is a disposition in the community to do every honour to the talents of the gentleman who now makes his fare- well public appeal. Quarter Sessions, Yesterday In our short report of the appeal in the case of Smith v. Porter, yesterday, it should have been noticed that the points of law urged by Mr. Knight were overruled, but that the Bench went into the merits of the case, which were such that the conviction was quashed. The person boarding the vessel was not considered to be the proper boarding officer ; and further, it was remarked, that, as the Government had failed to carry out the provisions of the Act by not keeping boats in attendance, the complaint upon which the conviction had followed had not been sufficiently established. Editing a Paper Many people estimate the ability of a newspaper, and the industry and talent of its editor, by the editorial matter it contains. It is comparatively an easy task for a frothy writer to pour out ally columns of words words upon any and all sub- jects. His ideas may flow in one wishy-washy everlasting flood, and his command of language may enable him to string them together like onions, and yet his paper may be a meagre and poor concern. But what is the toil of such a man who displays his leaded matter largely to that imposed on a judicious and well-informed editor, who exercises his vocation with an hourly consciousness of his responsibilities and duties, and devotes himself to the conduct of his paper with the same care and assiduity that a sensible awyor bestows upon a suit, a humane physician upon a patient, without regard to show or display? Indeed, the mere writing part of editing a paper is but a small portion of the work. The care, the time employed in selecting is far more important, and the tact of a good editor is better known by his selections than any thing else, and that we all know is half the battle. But, as we have said, an editor ought to be estimated, audliis labours understood and appreciated, by the general conduct of his paper, its tone, its temper, its uniform consistent course, its principles, aims, its manliness, its dignity, and propriety. To preserve these as they should be preserved is enough to occupy fully the time and attention of any man. If to this be added the general supervision of the newspaper establishment, which most editors have to encounter, the wonder is how they find time to write at all. National Intelligencer. Miscellanea- On Wednesday, the 23rd ult., at the Freemason's Tavern, there was one of the largest gatherings of the members of the mystic craft the colony ever witnessed. The Lodge of Harmony of South Australia had made the meeting especial, for the purpose of presenting a token of esteem to Past Master Edward William Andrews, first Master of the Lodge, and Provincial Grand Secretary of the Order. The Past Masters of the various Lodges received invitations, and a considerable number attended. At the conclusion of the ordinary business, W. M. Francis Haire read an Address to Past Master Andrews, the purport of which was an acknowledgment of services rendered to the Lodge by that gentleman since its formation. It was beautifully engrossed on vellum, and signed by all the members of the Lodge who were present, amounting to nearly thirty. The Address was accompanied by a Past Master's jewel exquisitely weight in gold by Mr. Firnhaber, a member of the Lodge, having a malachite centre, and bearing a suitable inscription. The numerous Past Masters were then entertained by the Lodge of Harmony at a splendid banquet, the chair being occupied by G. S. Kingston, Esq., M.L.C., the Deputy Provincial Grand Master, supported by Drs. Kent, Cotter, Moore, Goss and Sheridan, Capt. French, Messrs. Wicksteed, Marks, Arthur Hardy, Later, Dyke, Leon, and a large party of the members of the various Lodges. The Lodge of Harmony is the second in Adelaide in point of seniority, its warrant dating in 1844\. On the 31st January last, onions were fifteen cents a pound at San Francisco's. German residing in Paris, a hatter, lost his reason from grief at the death of his wife, and fancied him lolf made of glass. He was accustomed to tell the people not to approach him too near lest they should break i him and for the same fear he scarcely moved, and could with difficulty *.F$ntded to see'. "He was .**.>"» hanged himself. A lettered; on the table, stated that he had voluntarily pat send to his existence to avoid being broken to fieceá.Thej subject of introducing a Bishop from England expressly for Western Australia is again , under agitation in that colony, and a subscription list . is in course of preparation for the purpose of raising funds b secure an annual income for his lordship, whoever he may be, by contributions in land or money At a sheriff's sale at Swan River, a female namedjNicolls, wife of an emigrant by the Travancore, had her pocket picked of four sovereigns, one pound note, three half-crowns, and some small silver, suspicion was quickly placed upon a man named Richards, whose conditional pardon has lately arrived, and calls himself " Bootmaker to His Excellency by spec's", appointments and a ticket-holder named Fur- long. Upon Richards being arrested, in his mouth was found a threepenny piece bearing a peculiar mark, which was identified by the prosecutrix as a portion of the money stolen. The case underwent an examination at the police-office, when the offence was clearly proved against the accused, and they were each sentenced to three years' imprisonment and hard labouj*~/.In the eastern part of Delaware county, **~^**-*Ä|"^aj1f*"Aporican paper, there resides a man named Be, no* a justice of the peace, and a very sensible man, but, by common consent, the ugliest looking individual in the whole county, being long, sallow, and awry, with, a gait like a kangaroo. One day he was out hunting, and on one of the mountain roads he met a man on foot and alone, who was longer, gaunter, an uglier every way than himself by long chalks. Without saving a word, raised his gun, and deliberately levelled it at the stranger. , " For God's sake, don't shoot 1" shouted the men in great alarm. " Stranger," replied B--, " I swore, ten years ago, that if ever I met a man uglier than I was, I'd shoot him, and you are the first one I've seen." The stranger, after taking a careful survey of his rival, replied, "Well, captain, if I look any thing worse than you do, shoot. I don't want to live longer I"... An ordination service was held at Trinity Church, Adelaide, on the 26th ult., when the Rev. F. Platts, minister of St. Andrew's Church, Walkerville, and the Rev. E. Jenkins, acting Head Master of St. Peter's Collegiate School, were admitted to the order of priesthood. Prayers were read by the Rev. W. J. Woodcock and the very Rev. the Dean, and the Rev. Messrs. Bagshaw, Fulford, Platts, and Jenkins assisted at the service. The oath of supremacy was administered by Mr. Bartley, the Registrar of the Diocese. The Lord Bishop preached an appropriate discourse from Acts xx. v. 283-" Take heed, therefore, unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood."...Thoticket-of- leave holders who recently arrived per Dudbrook, at Swan River, have advertised an address to their surgeon-superintendent... The Adelaide Morning Chronicle has appeared for the most timely new township at Port Gregory has received the name of " Pakington"... A writer, in the Sydney Morning Herald says, in the Hindoo rhapsody some two thousand years ago, the " Bhagavad Give," it is asserted that "he who, sitting apart, gazes fixedly upon one object until he forgets home, kindred, himself, and all created things, attains perfection 1" Has this reference to Electro-Biology? 