SOCIAL MANNERS OF THE LAST CENTURY. Í Front the Gentleman's Magazine Any one who will take the trouble to go carefully through the columns of the Daily Post or Journal of the years 1724, 5, 6, and 7, will find therein scattered yet ample proofs that dissoluteness and the sword were inseparable, drink lending fierceness to both. We find an illustra- tion of this earlier than either of the periods named above. In 1716, for instance, Lord Mohun and Captain Hall forcibly carried off Mrs. Bracegirdle, the actress," at the point of the sword. They were obliged, however, to surrender their prey but they lay in wait for Will Montford, the player, who was supposed to be an admirer of the lady's, and of whom Hall was jealous, and barbarously murdered him in the streets. The " watch" had timidly offered to interfere, but the peer and his companions had driven them away, and then gladly proceeded to the consumma- tion of a deed for which a triply blind justice subsequently refused to exact re- ' tribution. It was this Moran who after- wards fought the butchering duel in Hyde Park with the Duke of Hamilton. He spent the previous night at the] bagnio" with his second, Major-General M'Carthy, and he left it, as the." Postboy" remarks, seized with fear and tremb- ling." "The dog Mohan," says Swift, " was killed on the spot . but while the duke was over him, Mohuri [Qy, M'Carthy] shortened has sword, and stabbed him in the shoulder to the heart." M'Carthy, like Hall, was a species of " Billy" in the lord's pay, and the mortal wound given to the duke was believed to have been delivered by his hand. The parties lay on the ground rolling over and backing at each other like savages, These antagonists fought for a poor reason ~ some miserable question of law : but the general gallants of the day were well content to fight for no reason at all). Thus FulwoocJ.the lawyer, in 1720, while standing, as was the custom of the pit, to see Mrs Oldfield's Scornful lady, remonstrated with Beau Fielding for' pushing against him. Orlando the Fair" straightway clapped his hand to his sword, and the pugnacious lawyer, determined not to be behindhand, drew his blade and passed it into the body of the beau. While the Killer, who was a native gentleman of some half century old, was exhibiting his wound in order that excite the sympathy which he did not get from the laughing ladies, Ful wood, flushed by victory, hastened to the play- house in Lincoln's Inn Fields, where he picked a quarrel with a Captain' Cusack, who was a better swordsman than it can- do, and who stopped the lawyer's triumphs by straightway slaying him. Night was made hideous by the encounters of these amateur swordsmen on the darkened highways. In one of the numbers of the Daily Post, for 1726, I find it recorded that a bevy of drunken gallants, having descended from a hackney coach in Piccadilly, of course quarrelled with the coachman, whom they talked, and because he remonstrated, stabbed his poor patient horses. The courageous young gentlemen then entered a public house for entertainment of very equivocal company, wherein they not only assaulted with their swords the other gallants whom they found therein, but also the " ladies." In the midst of the fray the honest mistress of the mansion flings herself at the feet of the assailants, beseeching them not to ruin her reputation and bring discredit upon an establishment noted for Us " safety and secrecy !" The paragraph which succeeds that of which the above is the substance, announces to the public that, on Sunday next, the Lord Bishop of London will preach at Bow Church, Cheap- side, on the necessity for a reformation of manners. It must be confessed that the sermon was very much needed and it is to be deplored that it was not followed by the desired results. The wits' were desperadoes who assumed that name, who formed themselves into " sword clubs," and who took possession of the town in the dead hours of the night, to the peril of life and limb of every human being whom at that season they found crossing their path. The peculiar names, under which these clubs maintained continual terror through ; he town, were as fanciful as those more learned but somewhat pugnacious associations which in Tasso'siimc did the office of reviewers, and were the aversion of authors. The " Bold Bucks" and the Hall Fires" divided the metropolis between them.. The latter were content to kill watchmen and simple citizens. Such killing was with them but an act of " justifiable homicide, and the inclination for it one of those amiable weaknesses which the young men of the day looked upon as the most natural thing possible. The " Bold Bucks," under their significantly devilish device of " Blind and Bold Love," were, however, steeped in deeper infamy than their rivals. The. beasts that perish were more decent than they, and their very sisters gazed at them with trembling apprehension. Had the Bishop of London preached his sermon on the necessary reformation of manners, at St. Mary-le- Strand, his lordship would doubtless have been treated to a running commentary on his discourse, the " Bold Bucks" being accustomed to assemble every Sunday at a tavern adjacent to that locality, where, during divine service, they kept a band of music continually at work and after service seated themselves at a banquet, the chief dish whereof was one blasphemously named a " Holy Ghost Pie !"_ The sword clubs were suppressed by royal proclamation in 1721. Some say that they had been denounced as unlawful three years previously. However this may be, the object of the proclama- tion was to banish from civilised society the presence, of the sword itself, in order thereby to check the practice of duelling, which was at that period exercised exclusively by means of the sword. The law became stringent and judges merci- less upon this point. This was made sufficiently clear in 1726, when Major On by killed Mr. Gower in a duel with swords, fought in a tavern, after a dispute over a game at hazard. The parties had fought in a room alone. The major, who had been both the aggressor and challenger, mortally wounded Mr. Gower, who, however, declared that he had fallen in fair combat. A jury, nevertheless, found On by guilty of murder; the judges acquiesced in the verdict, and the major only escaped execution by committing suicide. The law had not long to wait before other offenders were summoned for too freely using swords. On a night in November, 1727, Savage, the poet, with two companions, named, Gregory and Merchant, entered a coffee house near Charing Cross. Merchant insulted the company, a quarrel ensued, swords were drawn, and a Mr. Sinclair was slain by a thrust, it was said that not proved from the sword of Savage. The result of the trial that followed is well known. The verdict of guilty of murder against Savage and Gregory, and of manslaughter against Merchant, (who was the most culpable party,) was exacted by the Judge, evidently under pressure of the proclamation against swords. Merchant was burned in the hand in open court, fined, compelled to give, security for future good behaviour, and discharged. His associates' had a narrow escape of the 'ignominious death for which they were assiduously prepared by Dr. Young, who was not then known for his " Night Thoughts," but who was at the time establishing a reputation by the publication of those Natives which so faithfully portray the social crimes and errors of the day. Johnstone's Life of Savage does not state Merchant's sentence, nor does it notice upon what terms Sat age and Gregory obtained their liberty. They were liberated on condition of their withdraw- ing to the colonies for the space of three years, and giving security to keep the peace. The conditions appear to have been graded, Gegoty, indeed,' did proceed to Antigua, where he obtained an appointment in the Customs ; but the way win Savage sat down as a pensioner at the hearth of Lord Tyrconnel whose benevolence, it is hardly necessary to add, he most shamefully abused. , ., Nearly the last, if not the last," duel fought with swords, was the fatal one between Lord Hyton and Mr. Chaworth. They had quarrelled at the Star and Garter, Pall-mall, upon a question touch- ing manors and game preserves. They fought in a closed room of the tavern, and Mr. Chesworth was slain The 'circum stances of the killing looked much more like murder than in the case of Major One by and Gower. The Peers, however, acquitted Lord Byron' of murder,' but found him guilty of manslaughter. His lordship claimed the benefit of the statute of Edward VI.,, and was discharged on paying his fees" A bitter mockery of justice ! The Japan Expedition The Bos- ton Post publishes the following extract from a letter received from a gentleman who has just returned to that country from a trip to China, relative to the feelings of the Japanese towards the expedition expected from the United States : "I was informed by a gentleman, a native of Japan, that the Emperor is ready for the American expedition, The exhibited a letter to me which he had just received from one of his countrymen, then on the island of Yeddo. The people kept a strict look out all over the coast, and their lives were already burn- ing in the mountains at night, in order to be prepared in case the squadron should appear at night. One million of soldiers are ready and at hand. The coast is all set with guns, while in the bay of Jeddo, where the fleet is expected, there are countless war junks, and the whole bay in surrounded with innumerable forts The expedition will find the Japanese much better soldiers than they anticipate. The presents had better have been left at home. A trade will not soon be opened with that country, except by force." New Act for tick Fiirthku Park STANTON or Forgíery. A new Act has just been printed, in amend a former act for the further prevention of forging notes. In consequence of doubts which have arisen, it is now enacted that the signatures of the cashiers of the Bank of England may be impressed on all notes, bank post bills, and bank bills of exchange, by machinery instead of being written, and they shall be good and valid as if they had been subscribed in the proper handwriting of the cashiers, and shall be deemed and taken to be bank notes, etc., within the meaning of the laws, and may be so described in all in- dictments and other criminal proceedings whatsoever, any law, statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Dances at Tiri: DiaaiNcis--The following letter from Fens Peter Nielsen, a saddler, late of Aalborg, in Jutland, but now of Sydney, New South Wales, to his brother, 0. C. Nielson, a baker at Aalborg, is extensively published by the Danish Papers "Sydney, Sept. LI, 1852\. I am now in Australia. After working ten months in London, and clearing half a, hundred pounds, T resolved to try my luck in Australia. I sailed from Liverpool and the passage cost me £30. There were two more Danes on board, who also intended to dig gold, and we agreed in all and everything to enter into a partnership. * * * We have now been above three months at work, and have collected 45oz. of gold, in pieces from one to six ounces, and we have, moreover, 134 ounces of gold dust. At this present moment we are at Sydney, which is Iii Danish miles distant from, the mines, in order to secure our gold, which is placed in a bank at our disposition. You can have no idea where and in what manner the gold is found here; the more we go about, the richer are the treasures we find. In a few days we shall again go out to the mines. * * * We live here chiefly on game, which provide for our kitchen, for you know that I am a good shot. Three weeks ago I shot a wild horse, which was eaten at the mines by 50 diggers, who assisted us in eating it. "We intend to remain here about a twelvemonth, and after that time I believe we shall be rich enough for all our burn days. This is a. splendid climate. The average warmth is as in Denmark on a hot June day. Generally speaking, people here are in good health, but those who have weak eyes suffer much. A man from Hamburg is going about and imposing upon people by pretending to sell what he calls eye-water, at 6d per bottle. He drives a roaring, trade, and it is thought that he will soon have, a bullet sent through his head. But, a man who is careful, and does not mix himself up with quarrels, and behaves decently, and keeps on good terms with the people at the mines, may live here as peaceably, as people do in our own country. In a few months there will be an English functionary going back to his own country, and then I will send you £50, that you may come to Australia. 'When you get the money you must come at once, whatever your position at home may be, for here something worth having is to be made that is all !" [Our Danish friend's " Wild Horse " was probably a Bunyip !"] Emigration.- We believe we may confidently congratulate the Australian Colonies on the very important improvement that has taken place in the character of the emigration, now, in progress for their shores. The class of (idlers general persons With indefinite aims, who hither- to crowded the emigrant ships,4nlsting to the chapter of accidents, and, expecting to find in Australia an'Kh"Dùradb(ready to their hands. without bringing either industry or skill to work it, may be said to have entirely disappeared.';* The bulk of the people now pressing..fp^tv^rd,' for passages is composed almost exclusively of skilled artisans and capable workmen, so that the emigration which" may, be calculated upon, in future will b'ebf',that useful and available and which is likely to prove most beneficial to the interests of the colonies. The delusion which has hitherto tempted so many white hands and foolish heads to. try their indolent fortunes in a region where success can be won only by labour, appears to have completely vanished before the practical tests of experience. In the meanwhile end- gration proceeds with as much vigour as ever, and the returns Lorn Ireland exhibit an increase rather than a diminution. The Celtic population is leaving the country in vast numbers, and the rates of wages are rising there as rapidly as in England. Mrs. Chisholm's departure for Australia, which was to have taken place about this time, has been postponed for the present. Home News, April 6. Titlk Dunn's. - Deeds belonging to the undermentioned parties have been forwarded to the Colonial Treasurer for delivery. Revd. J. Hanly, Stanley, 3 acres 20 p ; John Vowles, do, 2r 26p ; Chas. Hickson, Maryborough. 2 of 2 roods each ; John Humphries, Brisbane, 36 p ; John T. Jamieson Mary borough, 2 of 2 roods each ; Pat Maunsell, Brisbane 30 p. 