DR. CAHILL'S LETTER TO THE REV. WILLtAM ANDERSON, PAS- TOR OF THE UNITED PRESBY- TERIAN CHURCH. April 12th 1853. Rev. Sir — There can be no tlouht that, in reference to fche Holy Scriptures, your tevichiag and mine are very different indeed. I have learned the creoU which I profess from the accredited voico of fche United Church, from which your predecessors in your iaith have avowedly separated, The history of all Christian anirquity bears testi mony, throa'g'i all njuions and peoples, to ths eastern?? and (ho entirety of my belief at the Ume of ybiir separation. . Xhere was, confessedly ?but-one. Church* arid that was the lloman Catholic ; and as the Church of Christ was built never to fail, but to be alvvavs existing, living, speaking, teaching, and sa;y.in-{j, and as the Catholic Church vvaa ; then the only Church in the ivho]e ivorld, it follows it musfi have been the only true on a at the time of your separation, while note even one congregation-— perhaps not even u single individual— -thwragh' all past Christian liaie up to the period of what ia called ' this Reformation'' can fas found possessing tha religious opinions wb4eh you wow hold, I regyefc thai you follow these novelties, -or that you 'teach theni 'to. others;, but most: ? certainly,! I do not feel any sentiment of * odium' towards you or your psople. On . tho ,- contrary I enter Jain a high respect ibr you-; and. in my private intercourse, and ira my public professional character, I inculcate f his, my own sincere impression, to all those who may be guided by my words, or inila*. enced by my example. I respectfully beg to assure you, thafc you mako a great mistake- in supposing that; Roman Catholics have any desire whatever either to hear the ienetfl otvyour church dis cussed, or to examine over again ia your churdi tho motives which direct them in the choice of their faith. The dis ciples of the Reman Catholic ChurehjUtficij. very Hit's value (in reference' to divine faith) either to accoropiiahed declaraation or brii .Jiant oratory : tl-ev are entirely guided by a living, speaking, infallible authority, which, in their daily reading of the Scriptures, they behold expressed in the clearest, tha strongest, the mast obvious, the most liieral, and the most emphatic clauses of the lasc Will und Testament of our Blessed torch No human being or' common sense has ever beenkuown to bequeath iu the solemn awful hour of death, metaphorical, allegorical, or figurative, property and power to his bslovecl ohiidran ; and tha Catholics believe that our Lord, at His death, has lei't a real -hona/ide ebsSantial, living autKotHy..to guidu His Church in faith. Hence they aoulU no moro consent to go to yonr .church to' r subject to pnb- lic discussion the tenets inauicated by this authority, than they would agree to put fco t!io issue «f a public . meeting the very ex istetica o(' Christ, or the value of the al- saving. atonement of the cro3B. In- fact th* very decision oi consenting to such' an issue, would be equivalent to the erectiagyou and your iriends into tho infallible authority which you denounce, and which you chal lenge me to defend iti the cise before us. The second part of your courteous kilo? to rho goes to concede, iu ciear language, the pKetnises—naniely, that you ..and your fi-isnds may be wrong, sines you admit tha just hypothesis that I might cha»ge your opinions. On the part of the lloman Ca thoiics^I cuuld not admit the tenable con-. ssstency '''o? such a case, our faith beintf founded on a. provision which excludes tho defensible possibility of change-*— nays-ely an iuf'uiliblo authority, promulgated by C'hrist, officiary and judicially practiced by the apostles, and still farther guaranteed through all coming time by tbs. permanent legislative presence ai' the Holy Ghost. No plausibia sophistry, no popuhr discussion, no awarti of tfsesi's judgment, no majority of hum/Vra voices^ can ou*-baiunca the f.estitnooy ol* enaettnein of God, which secures the immu table5. UDity of our faith, no more than a , single ray of light can pate the merediiuV j splendour of the snn, A Roman CUtbolic oa!vnever, therefore, grant ihe tenable pos«' sibiliiy of the case which you admit and can not, therefore consent, under these existing laws, to tiie popular issuo involved in your, i communication. j I must say, however, that so 'far as you are , j concerned, you are strictly true to your prin ciples in resting your faith. on the issue of the popular will. A lithe varieties of all fclie J Reformation creeds are ihe reauSta of private J individual judgment, or of public Parli*- 1 roentary decisions, All these creeds are I be 1 ackaowiedgsd creation of human authority § — all these creeds are made by man and not , | by God. And they have been formed, too, I to fall in with tastes, and the peculiarities, 1 and tbo prejudices of the various times in | which they were enacted ; and the clear | consequence cf Lhia accorfiodaiing piincipie I has been the incongruous fact — naroejy, i that, within the spaco of 'three hundred j years, thess creeds have successively passed | through upwards of seven hundred varia tions! The Roman Catholics smile in pity at a faith which admits the principle of pvo ~ prre-ss,; they cannot comprehend how any Christian mind can call that institution as divinely established by Christ which is still continually altered by men; and they ave astonished to hear serious men declare that the Holy Ghost con id bo ibe propounder 01 \- ' seven hundred varieties of belief from the self-same revelations. They believe that faith, in point of doctvina and .institution, . waa finished by Christ and the Apostles ; and they justly conclude that men always -..looking for faith have never (bund i — - '.hat. , mefl always changing must, necessarily doubt and, therefore, nptbsl-'eve ; that wen always inquiring after truth have nevev discovered it; and thus the Horn an' Catholics seem to have arrived nt something 3ika a mathemati cal .demonstration Mi at the intes'tninabie changes, and the constant acceptance of new doctrines contained in the reformation prin ciple 19 tho very definition of error, is the uombtakcable mark ihat you have Io9t — the one essential true faith ; and what is worse, that; you nows-'ek to recover it in the wrong ch»nne)- nanjeiy, the decision of human' reason in public controversy, and the award of human' sanction in popular disputation. W'heUier,' therefore, you are true to wrong principles in deciding faith in a popular . assembly, h not' so much, at present, the ? . object of my unwilling animadversion as to tell yo.u.t'nat I am true to the ancient Cathc lic. doctrine in not adniitticgsuch a changea ble and such an incongruous authority. In -you'.* third paragraph, you say yon select' for assault 'the three first canons of ,' the Council of '3-enr.' With respect I pre sume to tell. you that 'the three firsfc canons of tho dounr.il of Trent do not treat of the Mass ; they have reference to the dectrin? of; justification by grace through Jesus Christ'- — a, belief which I fancy you do r.ot deny. I therefore .think you have mado a mistake in the-canonsreferred toin your letter. Unerring to the remaining poViion of you v letter, I fed quits assured (judging from the tone of your conraniinieatic?;), that so far as coukl be expecte;;), .you would con duct the controversy to which you. invite? me with an amicable temper ; but you. wii! per smit me to say that, from my experience- .cf public controversial discussions, a severe wound is always inflicted on true religion by these disputations. '.Public animosities are engendered, religious ' rancc-u? is inflaoved, social harmony is distuvbed, the Charities of the Gospel are extinguished, and even the ties of Jong and matured friendship are but tco often rent asunder by the mutual ar gumentative recrimination of the theological combat. Catholics whose faith is fixed since the beginairis of the New Law, can receive no -benr-fit-from these displays of argumenta tion. Dissenters have their old prejudices awakened, their dormant intolerance revived, and they ate often driven into greater errors than their fonner novelties, seeking a refuse from their inconsistencies- in the unbounded license of nsked ififitleHry. These views ate the result of my experience of public reli gious discussion; and while I place them \- ;. with honest frankness before society,, being * convinced they will, meet the approval of every reasonable Christian roan in the com munity who' witnesses the religious conten tions, and reads the accounts el the fanatical ? bigotry, with which this country is convulsed ' and degraded ; T should therefore suggest ty joiij, reverend Sir, that our doctrine c&n; be, better learned horn the coo?, clear pen oi learned divines than from the incautious ex temporaneous ex presBiuu of heated debate; ' and I shall add, that the mind and heart : seeking jt?al!y a knowledge o? the truth (as I feel confii!en5 ycu are), are more aptly fifted to r.ctive the impressions of grace in silent prayer, and in 'deliberate, dispassionate' study, than in a crowded meeting of contend ?* ing parties, where the passions are inflamed, and thejuflgrrent warped by Iho excitements of public livaiship, aa'd the hostile prejudices , . of party triumph. My. long professional studies, the varied chairs-of 6cience which I have filled, are I presume to say a sufficient guarantee' that the foregoing observations . are the sole considerations which influence roe in the course which I am nbout to adopt in the case at; issue ; end for tbeso reasrnd, therefore, you will he pleased Sir, to excuse me if I Recline tiio challangs to which you . ? ? invite me, ? .-.?'.. in the course of religious lectures, which I am called on to deliver in this country and elsewhere, 1 have invited 'Protestants to attend. If they honour me by their pre sence, I take care never knowingly to wound their, conscientious feelings, either directly or indirectly. ; and I never address ray in structions to tiny hearers but to Roman Ca tholic?. You, therefore, have no right to call on me to account for the doctrine which I have a n» lit to teach to my pedple. 'You have thought proper to seud me the chal lenge referred to in this letter, and I have considered it my duty (from the tone of that cofiimuoicatiaj?,) to reply tcit ; but as you can have nocbim'.on me for the continuance of your .respected yet gratuitous correspon dence, you. will give roo leave to say, that my numerous engagements \viU not permit .roo to answer any future letters which you may think proper to address lo me on this sub ject, I have the hoDour to be, reverend Sir, with hi»h and courteous regard, your obe dient serve at, -: D.. W. CaiiIll, &.V. -{ P.S. — As your challenge haa been already made public, throagh- newspapers and pio.cayds, I shall send this eomsfiumca tien to the Glasgow Free Press loi reluctant p uu lice tiort.' ? 