POLICE COURT. (Before the Police Magistrate and John Hiddleslone, Esq., J.P.J A DieonACE TO IIIK nousrnoi.D. Major Cotton chargod Kliia Madragsn, a free servant, with being drunk in his service. The proceeding was taken upon complaint and infornation, and the defendant (who was em. ployed as housemaid in tho Major's cstablishment; pleaded guilty, but laid tlie blame 1 1 Po" her master's own servant, who had been five J' ca ™ in till; family, and who brought in a pot of beer among four of them, Complainant (in reply to the .Bench) said she l>»d only been three weeks with him, during "bicb be could not say she had conducted iier- 6c l ' Defendant declared she bad been thirteen years the country, and had never been before a Magistrate j she had liad plenty of good places in'this town, Sentenced to seven days' hard labour, pay COBl s > ani1 forfeit all wages due; the woman impudently calling out as she was removed from bar, " If Mrs. Cotton was a lady, she would not M has done. No assigned servant stop with her.' MunuocK v LITTI.E. . . . . . , T 1 !" ! ,T an '"f""™' 10 " , <U , p0U „. wh, J c1 ' var " ! ,' een P ^ ) by John JIurdoch, rope T ', 6 '!, Cq '', nCt and '. wme m , l ! ker >. I " 1 1,15 >?' for absentmg him- , f "! m 1 ", S SCmCe ?" ' hc 4 f h November last, and be m 8 gallon Uie day the information was SK 0 . m l0 tUe 2Ist < . T "W earM lm tl ' e tice, and pleaded " Auirejais acquit;" or, that that he had formerly been acquitted of this oflcnce. Mr. Brewer, who conducted the prosecution, said tlie oflence was not charged on the same day. [Our readers may remember that the same parties were before the Court a few weeks since, the defendant charged witb absenting himself on the 3rd November: the case broke down for want of the attesting witness to the indentures.] Mr. Macdowell argued that there was an erasure in the information, the 4th being substituted for tbe 3rd, with which exception, the offence was the same; if the apprentice were absent on the Hrd November, as charged in the information, surely lie was absent on the 4th, and every day between that and the day of laying the complaint; therefore hc contended that virtually this offence had already been tried and disposed of, because the greater time (that from the 3rd November to the time of the information) includtal the less—(that from tbe 4th to the information). If he were called upon to establish that defendant was brought before tlie bench, and that the case broke down in consequence of tbe aljscnce of a material witness, it required no ghost from (he dead to do so (a Jaugb); and as a matter of course, as an inevitable sequence ahscnce on tlie 3rd was absence on the 4th; and therefore the mere variance of form could never alter tlie chargc itself. A dismissal of a case is an acquittal in that Court, as much as it would be an acquittal iu the Supreme Court, on a chargc of larceny, lie granted that if one were charged with committing a larceny on A. 11., and it turned out thai tbe property belonged to (3.D. another indictment could be preferred ; or if anything were wrong in the form ofijthe information, then it would be competent to a party fhowerer hard upon the accused) to bring a new information upon which the plea of " Autrefoil acquit" npnld not be a valid plea; for every purpose for which that plea could be given, however it applied to tbe present information, and must prevail. Mr. Brewer said he was not charged in tbe former information with being absent on the 4th. The Police Magistrate—I have r.o doubt of it, but would like to hear the argument. Mr, Rrewer confessed he could not understand the logic of his learned friend; the information did not state the absence from a particular time to a particular time; and every day's absence constituted a distinct offence, for which a distinct information might be laid; and fhe best proof that the apprentice did not consider the former decision binding was, that he had been playing at hide and seek to avoid serviee of this warrant. Mr. Macdowell reiterated some of his former remarks, when The Police Magistrate—If it was as Sir. Macdowell had premised, his agreement would be good ; but I consider this to be quite a valid information. Bnn't you think so, Mr, lliddlcstone ? Mr. Hiddleslone—I think so. j Mr. Macdowdl then pleaded not guilty. JUr. Francis Wlietton was called to prove the indentures,'dated 13th January, 1849, between Edward Vimpaiiy, tbe mother, apprentice, and master, to which he was attesting witness. Cross examined—Can't say what age defendant was when the indentures were executed (indentures here read by the clerk.) Mr. Murdoch called by Mr. Brewer—The value of defendant's services at the present time is 7». per day. J\Ir. Macdowell asked tbe master bo questions. Mr. Brewer—That's my case. Mr. Macdowell said, then he submitted there was no case at all. The defendant had pleaded not guilty to tbe information, and all that had been proved was that he was absent on the 4th November; therefore, giving hji learned friend tbe benefit of bis argument against the plea in bar, he contended it cut both ways like a twoedged sword: because, although defendant was charged with being absent on die 4th and on the day of the information, it by 110 means followed that be had been absent the intervening period. Their worships bad no power to strain the penal statute beyond its fair construction; and no more than two days' absence had been proved: but he further contended that there was no proof of an indenture at all. He (Air. Macdowell) well recollected die introduction of tlie present law, by tbe Attorney-General, who was considered entitled to all honor and glory for bringing it forward (a laugh); indeed so great was the joy ol the isastenv tbatit vasconsidered every master in the colony had a right to subscribe largely to the erection of a statue to the man who framed this statute (renewed laughter); but, useful as thisstatute" was, their worships roust construe it liberally, on the principle that it was a highly penal statute. And, whatfwere the indeiituiei ? A gentleman of the name of Edward Vimpany was mentioned; and Edward Vimpany thought proper, not being authorised by even a statute framed by Her Majesty's Attorney-General to do so, to bind the lad. Mr. Edward Vimpany might be the step-father, or grand- father, or the cousin-german (a laugh) for aught he knew, but where did that appear in evidence? And it could scarcely be contended that Sarah Little bad power to execute the Indenture. There was no proof who Vimpany was, and it was hard to contend that a widow could contract by an Indenture like this, or could exercise any control over tbe Defendant. He was aware that it might be said he had served under the Indenture; but there was no clause in tlie Act which would make that good service, if the Indenture were invalid; and advantage could not be taken of his own wrong. Mr. Brewer—At all events, there's proof that the boy executed them! Mr. MacdotvcU—What, an infant ? The Police Magistrate (after consulting with bis brother Justice) said the Indenture was signed by tbe Defendant, and he liad acted upon it; and therefore he could not now take advantage of his own wrong: tliey must convict liim of tbe charge; but as Mr. Brewer had not asked the question, whether he had been absent from the 4th November to the present time, they were precluded from giving compensation or ordering'him to make up the lost time. Mr. Brewer remarked there was plenty of time fur that; it could be done at tbe termination of the indentures. Air. Murdock (in reply to the bench) said he did not wish the boy to be punished; he wanted him back; he did not blame him but his parents. | The boy stating he was willing to return, and serve out his time, was discharged, and ordered to pay costs. | 