REFLECTIONS ON TIlE LATE ELEC TION FOR THE CITY. " What the bright reward we gain ? The grateful memory of the good." THE late election of iMr. TeunLow in room of Mr. LAIMB, is significant of a great clhalnge taking place in the views and principles of the electors, in as far as the " ultimate ends" oflegislation are concerned. In former years, the franchised of the MIetropolis were satis fled with the declared sentiments of their representative, never considering whether these sentiments would afterwards be acted upon by their patriotic authors. Now, how ever, the people have chosen a man, who, webelieve, has with consistency, for years advocated liberal principles, not because these principles were stated in addresses and speeches, but because he who entertainoad them had given ample evidence of his hav ing noacted upon them during the past. The electors of Sydney have ascended rather higher than usual, on the ground of their freedomi and from their ascent, little as it is, will lead the Government to see, that in is wise in time to act liberally, before the people arise in their might and compel such acnotion. It is not at all surprising that the Government and its supporters in Council, should have done very much according to their own ple'asure, when they saw the peo ple disregarding their movements, and appa rently indifferent whether they legislated well or badly, whether their enactmnents favoured or destroyed freedom. As far as any interference from without being brought Sto bear on the government and legislature, to intimate a spirit of opposition, or mani fest a spirit of objection to either proposed or passing enactments, there has scarcely Sbeen any such, at least so isolated and apa thetio, that no notice was taklen of it. If then the public mind is awakened at last, when the evil works and irritates, the ground on which loud and genuine complaints are made, has been left open for the enemy, by those who ought to have defended it in time, and as might be expected the enemy has taken possession. The people have neglected their duty, they have been sleeping soundly, when eircumstances warned them to be very watchful. It is natural for men in power to enlarge it if they can, and thus entrench themselves behind a wall of brass, dificult to be scaled or breached, by the unfortunate multitudes without, who are oppressed and annoyed by the ceaseless attacks upon their rights from within. The position of the authorities both executive and legislative in the colony is very strong; that is, they have beeni permitted, by the people, labouring to all appearance under the influence of a poli tical enchantment, to play the gaame in their own way and with their own cards-and if they have not turned up the trump cards at every legislative deal, we leave the public-if their eyes have begun to open yet-to judge. Every free people are supposed to have a government, whose acts are to be rigidly accounted for to them, through their repre sentatives. A good government, in whose hands the liberties of its subjects are safe, and under whose regimen the ghost of ty ranny dare not appear, is never found; in fact does not, cannot exist, save under the representative system, and the vigilant sur veillance of the people who have entrusted their freedom to those in whom they have confidence, as honest, principled, hmonourable and patriotic men. Government, in free countries exists in the voice of the people, this is the breath of its nostrils, and when that potent voice is wisely and prudently and judiciously heard, and when extreme circumstances demand its determined utter ance in the ears of legislators to pause, to hobange their course, to modify their mea sures, to repeal their erroneous decisions, this voice is never raised in vain, and ty rannyand injustice slink away abashed and terrified. "The whole difference between a good and a bad government appears to us to consist in this particular, viz.: in the greater or the less facility it affords for the early, the gradual and steady operation of the substaunlial power of the community upon its constituted authorities; while the freedom, again, and ultimate happiness of the nation depend on the degree in which the substantial power is possessed by a greater or a smaller, and a more or less moral and instructed part of the whole society. The great point is to ensure a free, an authoritative, and an uninterupted com nmunication between the ostensible admi nistrators of the national power, and its ac tual constituents and depositories; and the chief distinction between a good and a bad government, consists in the degree in which it affords the means of such a communica tion. iut we donot hesitate to consider a represcutntive legislature as incomparably of more value when it truly enables the eficient force of the nation to control and directthe executive, than when it merely enacts whole some statutes in its legislative capacity." The great fault of our community has been, to overlook and neglect the immense power in their own hands to secure good government for themselves. They have only occasionally exercised it, and when they did, they actually trampled the oppo sition against them in the dust, though that opposition looked forth upon them from the high places of Imperial support. The soul of the representative system seems to be returning again, if we may judge from the late election of a member for Sydney. Whe ther the electors chose the best man, is not the question--the question is, have they acted on the power which is their's inhe rently, as free subjects,disposed and resolved, with or without the concurrence of their representatives, to control and direct those movements which tend to iniure and jeo pardize the general welfare. We are inclined to think that such a healthful state is at hand, and that in spite of opposition, the body politic will be more anxious and care foul about its own prosperity. The country will not derive the benefit of its represen tative institutions, trifling as they yet are, unless it advocates legitimately its own rights-it is wise to trust in the good sense of our legislators, but it is wiser still to trust more to our own good sense. The former may go wrong ftom various causes,-tho bnusiness of the latter is to arrest their progress to evil, by a decided announcement from the people, we will not have it, we will not suf fer you to pursue such a course. If a pro per control had been exercised, the council would not have dared to carry out the mea sures, which are this moment producing mischief and rebellion in the land. We have the effect of our carelessness illustrated in a series of wretched displays of authority, backed up by troopers and a few soldiers at the Turon. This would not have occurred if our Legislators, as in Britain, had been taught the whlolesomeo lesson, that their duty wase and is to consult the public mind moro than their own prejudices and partiali ties. But the public mind has given out no expression, and thus are so many unfortu nate people fined and imprisoned, or driven from their pursuits of industry and profit. Are we a free people ? Have we a real and distinct idea of what constitutes free dam ? The answer will be in the affirmative. Yet our past conduct indicates pretty clearly that we have been negligent, and so have suffered our actual liberties to be in a fair way of being plundered, by those whoi have the particular purposes of grasping and greedy individualism to subserve. Now is the time to nip the bud, in which is enfolded the germ of an aspiring oligarchy; and under the feet of a popular demonstration to crush that patrician arrogance, which would oppress the high and noble spirit of omur British plebeianism. 