The Streets of Sydney, WITH SOME ACCOUNT OF THE HOUSES THEREOF, AND THE PEOPLE WHO DWELL THEREIN. BY HOOKE. Y. WALKER, A very extensive Traveller. CHAPTER V. A (?) Ramble in Sussex-street, during which I make the acquaintance of Dumpy Shavy, the Barber, who descants upon the merits of a dumb animal; enlightens me about the ways of the world, and offers revo- lutionary opinions on the Police-office, and affairs in general. I do not confine my walks to any particular portion of the city, nor do I restrict my observa- tions to one class of society, only. No; I en- deavour to read the whole volume of human nature rather than select a few of those pages which possess the greatest attraction and allure- ment for the thoughtless, who are equally inca- pable of perceiving vice under its spangles, and virtue beneath its rags. In the world's mirror they see but the reflection of wealth; its attendant cares, fever, frettings, wastings, and weariness-- (the dark pall thrown over living vanities)--are hid beneath the meteoric blaze of transient splen- dour. They bow down and worship the image, unconscious of its frail and sandy base; and like the Lydian King, only learn their instability when the idol lies shattered in the dust. At that hour the scales fall from their eyes, and the ne- gated words of the Sage ring in their ears like trumpet notes; shrill, sonorous, startling,— but the warning comes too late; and the ghosts of the spurned, despised, trodden on, whirl around them, echoing "Too late—too late!" Had they looked upon all men as brothers, what ages of anguish would have been spared them. These thoughts passed through my mind as I turned from one of the loathsome dens of misery, with which, unhappily, Sydney abounds, into Sussex- street ; and I am free to confess that my mood was somewhat melancholic. Could it be otherwise, when I had just emerged from a region of suffering and struggling poverty, mingled with shame, vice, mad riot, pestilence, and death? Men of Australia, who pine for Rank ; the tinkling sound of an empty title-- enter this field and earn a guerdon which shall ennoble your- selves and your posterity. Strive for the world- wide and enduring honours of John Howard. Let the grass on your graves be moistened with tears of unfeigned sorrow; and your epitaph-- "Here lie the friends of mankind!" A wreath so won will be ever green, while the gilded coronet is lustreless and decayed. Civic rulers who meet to broil and battle, cease your unchris- tian-like feuds; unite to raise misery from its despondency, and reclaim vice from its dark and tortuous ways, so shall you exchange the con- tempt and scorn of your fellow citizens for their confidence and esteem. This train of reflections was abruptly termi- nated by an admonitory voice, "Take care of the bullock, sir." It was a friendly and well- timed warning. On turning round I saw an in- furiated ox which had escaped from some slaughter- house yard, within a few paces of me; and I had barely time to rush into the first house, when the animal darted on, closely pursued by a troup of men, boys, and dogs, whose shouts, yells, and barkings, accelerated its pace. "Lucky escape, sir; them mad bullocks a'nt to shy over and above polite to folks as come in their way," continued the same voice, which proceeded from the mouth of the owner of the shop in which I had taken refuge. The speaker was a diminutive man, distorted in figure, but his countenance was intelligent, and a pair of keen, sparkling eyes gave his face the animation which sunbeams shed over a land- scape. The room was upon the same small scale as its master, and its dimensions were narrowed by divers cupboards and shelves, crowded with a curious miscellany of articles, bespeaking an ex- tremely varied taste. Every spare nook and corner was plastered with rude prints, the sub- jects of which were not in good keeping. Her Majesty the Queen was supported on the right hand by a gigantic black in a pugilistic attitude, and her sinistral companion was a celebrated prize pig, wearing an almost incredible number of score pounds. The Royal children incurred imminent danger of being run over by the win- ner of the Derby passing the post; Prince Albert in a Field Marshal's uniform, apparently manifested a strong inclination to embark in Noah's Ark, which, by a fanciful conceit of the artist was a vermilion coloured building rising from a sky-blue boat. Napoleon was prancing on his charger in the direction of St. Paul's Ca- thedral, whilst the Iron Duke turned his back upon the Field of Waterloo. The little man mis- took my astonishment at these anomalies for admiration, and was evidently pleased at it. "You're a judge of them sort of things, I see, sir. I reckons 'em uncommon plummy; but some of my customers as calls theirselves crickets (?) finds fault with 'em. It's the way of the world, folks always runs down what they don't understand. Not that Dumpy Shavy cares for such as they. You can't make a silky puss out of a sow's ear, you know." "There is much philosophy in the remark," I rejoined. "Your's is a strange name, my friend." "Not regularly chrissened so; done in a lark, They seed I wosn't as tall as the Moniment, that stood for "Dumpy," they found I wos a sharp barber, so accordingly, 'Shavy' follered it. Many people would have kicked at it; I didn't. Gennelmen, says I, if you gives me a title, you are bound to support it with your custom." "They could not do less," I said. "No;" he rejoined, somewhat thoughtfully; "but some of 'em did more; they went upon tick, and bolted before pay day. It's the way of the world. Ingratitude is human natur, 'cept in dawgs. You see that there dawg, brindle, with a white spot over his left eye; he never (?) them nothink, let alone from me. He wos a nonparrel; he wos a beauty, he wos." He pointed to a picture on the wall which certainly did not convey any great idea of beauty. Yet, where fidelity is the kernel the husk is of little consequence. "He saved my life many a time from the blacks when I was a shepherdin in the wild bush, without a friend in the world but him; I and him wos as one, we wos. I used to tell him all my troubles from hard masters and cruel over- seers, and he knowd every word I said, as true as you're alive. It wos a merrakel to hear him growl and bark, as much as to say--Let me get at 'em and down they go. He wos unlucky at last," said the little man, with a sigh. There was so much grief in the tone in which he spoke that my sympathy was excited, and I en- quired further into the history of his dumb companion. "He wos pisened!" cried Mr Shavy energe- tically. "Reglarly pisoned. Liver and arsenic done him up." "Who could commit so barbaric an act?" "An old 'oman in the next street. That dawg was not fit for a town; he wosn't partial to cats. She missed her tabby one day, and rewenged herself upon him. It's the way of the world, sir. Give a dog a bad name and pison him. There wosn't no evidence against him; he wosn't tried accordin to law. I took her to the Police-office upon that identical pint; but it wos time and money (?) away." "Surely, you obtained justice?" I said. "Wos you ever there?" he exclaimed, eyeing me significantly. "I never was, Mr Shavy." "Then take my adwice--don't go. Them as sees the inside of that place is sure to get the worst of it. I'll tell you how they sarved me. When the case was called on (as they call it,) my loryer wos'nt there; so they put it off for him. Next her loryer wosn't there, so they put it off for him. Third day there was a pick- quick party, or somethink of the sort, so they put it off for that. Fourth day there was a doctor's stificate for the old 'oman, so they put it off for it. Fifth day there was a Pretty Seshuns and Lisinsin meetin, so they put it off for them. Sixth day we wos all ready, magestrets, loryers, wit- nesses, I and the old 'oman; and we went at it seeminly wonderful. There wos two gennelmen on the Bench; one of them wos a little old fashioned chap, with a very brown complecshun, who kept reading a book half the time, and starin at me t'other half through a pair of tort-shell specs. T'other was more sharp faced, and he looked right through me with his specs. Four pair of eyes at one time wos rayther too much; not to say as I'm nervidge in a right cause; 'cos I never wos. 'Go on,' says the little brown gen- nelman, 'your case is a wagrancy.' 'Beg your pardon,' says I, 'but you're out altogether; I'm a respectful tradesman.' 'How dare you con- tradict the Bench, sir?' says he, and he warmed up amazin, considerin his size. 'Do you know the law as well as I, sir?' 'No, sir,' says I, 'but I knows more about dawgs than you do; and I make bold to say, there's astonishin difference in breedin.' Then the sharp faced gennelman smiled, and the loryers laughed outright, which made the little brown-faced gennelman browner, and he shouted 'Silence, sir!' Now, considerin I wos there to tell all concerning of the matter, I thought that was a queer way to come to the rights of it, and I wos about to give a 'pinion on the pint when the sharp-faced gennelman said, 'Proceed, witness; my time is too pre- cious to be wasted in this manner. I have a mountain of labour for the public on my hands, and very badly I am paid for removing it.' I pitied this poor gennelman, and wos about to offer him an easy sitivation in my shop, with good wages and comforble board and lodgin, but the little brown-faced gennelman gave a snort and a humph quite wiolent, as much as to say, 'Some people does a deal of business without no payment, and never talks about it.' So I kept my 'pinion quiet, and waited for further orders; 'cos you see, sir, what between the 'go on' of one and 'stop' of t'other, I wos in a reglar fix, I wos. It was as bad as shavin a charcoal burn- er's beard contrarywise with a blunt razur." "Did not your lawyer assist you under such peculiarly unpleasant circumstances, Mr Shavy?" "He 'sist me out of the mud! He! Worse and worse. He helped me into the watch-us," replied Mr Shavy with extraordinary vehe- mence. "Indeed!" I said with surprise. "It's not wonderful when you come to know 'em. Loryers is very good in some things, I dessay, so is lobsters if you keep out of their claws. If you will wenture there, my word, they're nippers. You never shook hands with a loryer, did you, sir?" I answered the interrogatory by a negative. "Lucky indervidgel!" replied the diminutive tonsor. "Now take my adwice upon the pint. If ever you should be axed to perform such an ewentful operashun, keep your hands in your pockets and don't be gammoned to drore 'em out." "Through fear of finding their's inserted?" I insinuated. "Purcisely. Guess again and you'll be wrong. You was axin how my loryer sarved me. He hadn't been a takin any partikler notis about me, 'cos you see he wos engaged in ritin bits of fun on scraps of paper for general inspecshun, which, in coorse, was of more consequens than my case. Howsover somebody whispered some- think to him, and up he jumped like a parched pea, and made a queer speech which was all forrin langvidge to me, though the two mages- trets seemed to understand it pretty tidy. The little brown un ordered me to stand down. 'Not by no means,' says I, 'till you've heerd me out.' 'You wont?' says he, and his wisage looked like a stuffed monkey's by torchlight. 'You wont, hey?' 'I'll be d----- if I do!' says I; for my monkey was got up. The little brown gennelman let a screech out of him quite alarmin. 'An oath,' says he, 'in a Court of Justice! Con- tempt! Obscene language! Vagrant Act! Watch- house! Fine!' There was a deal of bustle, and pullin and hawlin and strugglin, but the upshot of it wos, that I found myself in the watchus with half a coat and oncommon sore ribs. It's the way of the world, sir; folks is always ready to take advantage of innicent weakness.'' "Of course, you were not deserted in your hour of need, Mr Shavy?" "Quite different, sir; my loryer soon paid me a visit. 'Things have turned out capitally,' says he, lookin' as proud as if he had got a in- wite to Guvment House. 'Has they?' says I. 'Certainly,' says he; 'an action for false im- prisonment; violent assault; defamation of cha- racter; heavy damages; I've got 'em.' 'Then keep 'em,' says I, 'and good luck to your bar- gain; I've had enough of this scrape.' 'Pooh!' says he, quite pleasantly; 'barbers are used to scrapes. We'll bring 'em before the Judges. Have you got any money?' 'Lots!' says I; 'and I intend'------ 'What?' says he, rubbing his hands together as if they wos itchin' after it. 'To keep it,' says I. He dropped it at this; and walked off, looking as savage as a tarrier dawg arter missin' a rat." "And how did your case terminate, Mr Shavy?" "The finish of it, sir? Why the two mages- trets wos not agreebel; so they brought in a verdick of drawn battle, and told me to try an- other pair. I thanked 'em for their 'bligin orfer, and hoped they wouldn't move from where they wos till I trubbled em again. And for all I know, they took my adwice on the pint, 'cos I never went there to see. I'd go through fire and water in respex to the memry of the brindle dawg, but I couldn't face that firy furniss, that bilin kittle, again, if it was ever so." Mr Shavy paused, heaved a heavy sigh, and relapsed into rumination. I watched him nar- rowly; the angry glow gradually softened into an expression of kindlier feeling; and, like a dissolving view, the harshness of men disap- peared before the shining qualities of the de- parted dog. The mind's eye of this rough piece of human nature was full of them; his vision had no other ken. "Mr Shavy," said I, wishing to withdraw him from sorrowful reminiscences, and anxious also to cull other flowers from his philosophic garden, "will you tell me the original of that portrait in the corner?" "That porterage, sir, is meant for to represent Mollyknucks, the black, who fought Tom Cribb, the British Lion. They wos both game uns, they wos; both alike 'cept as to the colour of the skin, and what's that? Where the heart's equally right, a white man is only a black clean shaved, in his Sunday clothes", replied Mr Shavy. "You misunderstood me; this is the print I meant." At the same time I placed my finger upon the pictorial representation to which I had previously alluded. "Beg ten thousing pardons, sir, for the mis- take. That's Billy Whinfell in his Australian dress; fits him better a good deal than the one he has just ordered. Sich things is well enough for Fancy Bawls, but they wont stand ware and tare; they gets shredded like shepe by the bram- bels and thorns. That cabbage-tree hat is worth more than a crown in any country. It sticks to the Native head as natteral as wax-work, as young Dennymyeye, son of old Dennymyeye, the tater man, tells us at our pollhitakall Club. That young un's the nineteenth Vonder of the Vorld; he comes out surprisin strong; mustard polltises is lip-sarve compared to him. Some folks undervally his talons, but the Nashional Det of Ingland couldn't buy him at his own price. His nus told me in confidinx that he spelt 'pap' afore he smelt it; and when he was in long clothes pelted his father with taters 'cos he didn't know his mother tung. Our Club thinks," continued Mr Shavy, mysteriously, "he was born a hunded years ago, and has been in trainin for a Guvnor ever since, in some place which nobody ever heerd of." "I should be delighted to see this extraordi- nary specimen of the human race," I said with deep interest. "See him! You must open your eyes pretty wide for that; he 's so remarkable small. He trots through the streets like Tom Thumb, so, very few people notis him. He wouldn't do for a finger-post, anyhow. He's a reglar worrit to Mr Whinfell, and snaps at him when he gets a chance, as the dawg Turk did at Womvell's lion. Our chareman, Mr Brummagem, the pa- per riter, calls him the progidy of the Empire." "The what?" I exclaimed, for Mr Shavy's vernacular was of an order to which I was un- accustomed. "A progidy, like Miss Biffin, or Dannel Lam- butt, or the calf with three tungs and five legs, you know.'' I gathered from this illustration that the youthful orator was looked upon as a prodigy by Mr Brummagem, the great politician, who, notwithstanding his name, is known to have "a soul above buttons." The opinion of such a brilliant luminary had its due weight with me, and I was ready to believe Mr Dennymyeye, junior, was Brobdignag-ian in intellect, though Lilliputian in frame. "He only wants one thing to make him com- plete,'' remarked Mr Shavy, after a long pause. "Indeed." "It's Gorspel truth. Only one thing, sir." "And that is?" "A beard!" answered the little barber with much solemnity. It is ordained that no man shall be faultless. Alas, for Mr Dennymyeye, junior! His staunch friend, his ardent admirer, his Club associate discovers a speck in his mirror. "He has no beard." Perhaps some democratic dentist will find out that he has not cut his wisdom teeth, or some oculist, a Chartist chum, that he is shortsighted. Perchance each loud laudator of the present day will espy a separate speck, until the polished surface of the Dennymyeye mirror be blurred and blotted, dimmed and defaced! My unexpected interview with Mr Dumpy Shavy supplied me with much food for reflec- tion, and at parting I thanked him cordially for the assistance he had afforded me. "Don't mention it, Mr------. Can't say as I know your name." "Walker!" I replied. "Walker!" he echoed in a somewhat sus- picious tone. But, instantaneously recovering himself, he continued in his wonted manner. "I should have done the same for anybody, man, 'oman, or child; though it an't exactly the way of the world. And if ever you're hard pushed again by a mad bullock, pop in here, and you'll be welkim as flowers in May. "It is a friendly offer," I replied, "and I ac- cept it as a friend." "Friend!" cried the little man with much emotion. "I never had but one--the poor brindle Dawg!" (To be continued.) 