THE PROSPECTS OF THE GOLDFIELDS. Mr. EVAN HOPKINS, whose letter on the decline of the Victorian gold-fields appeared in a recent issue of the Argus, is the manager of an English gold- mining company. Mr. Hopkins came out here, many months ago; we believe, with full expectation of being able to make his constituents rich by means of hired labor employed upon the gold-fields of Victoria; but he finds, provokingly enough, that laboring men at the diggings prefer to form companies for themselves, and to share their own dividends, and he has not yet been enabled to carry out his operations on a scale commensurate with his wishes, Mr. Hopkins is therefore, to a certain extent, a disappointed man, and his testimony on the subject of our gold-fields is not likely to be an impartial as could be desired. At the same time the question he meets is a very important one. The welfare of this colony, and of the vast multitudes who are flocking to it, is in a very great measure dependent on the extent and per- manency" of our metallic wealth. Vast etmrmercial interests are likewise involved, and it is certain that, on all accounts, we cannot too often or too carefully examine and estimate the condition and prospects of our gold-fields. Mr Hopkins accuses the correspondents of the Press, of giving, exaggerated ac- counts of the various diggings, and intimates that the Press is to a certain degree responsible for the distress now and for some time past witnessed amongst the innumerable gold-seekers " who have been induced by the high- colored accounts of "our own correspondent," to come to the colony. This is a grave accusation, but it is a very vague one, and the only reply it deserves, is a demand on' our part that Mr. Hopkins will point out the high colored accounts to which he alludes. We know of no such accounts. On the contrary, we believe that no accounts by any of our correspondents have come up to the marvellous realities shown by the official returns, the figures of which eclipse all the figures of speech employed in the most imaginative of our communications from the diggings. We 'likewise demur to that term " distress of innumerable gold-seekers " If people who are unfitted for the colony pour in upon H, the responsibility of their bad success is entirely their own To all who are able and willing to work, there is no better country, and to none others have inducements ever been held out by the Press, or, so for as be known, by any one else in this country Besides ixInch, in every summary that we have prepared for England, we have reiterated the fact that people coming Then, came to a colony an s d ELLIOT bud Govt) moment, and if in the face of those warnings, they chose to take their chances and having now armed they do not find their assistance to improve it, they may thank themselves, not us, for the moral evils which alxia) s have accompanied so great a national misfortune. In the. lands had been thrown open to the people, as they ought to have been and as they would have been by any but small a ghost of a Governor as Mr. La Trobe, should we now hear of one-half the misery and disco in sort which haunt the dreams of this most I benevolent of gold-mining managers ? And is such misery to be laid to our door? place wife, or Mr. Hopkins, done must to attract public attention to that, and the other crying, evils of the new comer Have we 01 lie worked hardest to alleviate them ? Mr. Hopkins makes another sexy vague and most unsatisfactory statement. " He does not mean to say that a few more ills coveries may not be made in different parts of the colony, which may afford a promise ble occupation to a large number of Industrious diggers for many news to come," but J he does maintain that " there is nothing to justify the extra, agent estimates that have been and are being made." Now, here again there is nothing to reply to; their MC come to grapple with. Mr. Hopkins, we find nothing but words conveying the vague generalities. Let Mr, Hopkins tell as what estlmViCB he means, and then we shall be able to determine whether or not they are extravagant. In the meantime, judging from the statements made by Mr. Hopkins, and the way in which he has put them forward, we cannot consider him the very best authority on the subject. Mr. Hopkins makes an aggregate comparison between the numbers of diggers, and the produce of gold in October last, and at the present time, showing a great diminution in the yield of metallic wealth." He alleges that the gold-fields are scattered, and of a superficial character that they are being rapidly exhausted, and that there are no mines to fall back upon. Here, again, we must ask Mr. Hopkins for his authority, for the whole of his statements are in the meantime bare assertion, and some of them are, in our humble opinion, altogether incapable of proof. With regard to the numbers of diggers, it is certain that a very large number of persons have come into the colony since October ; but Mr. Hopkins leaves out of sight the fact that, in October, building operations, and nearly every other industrial pursuit, were at a stand-still and that nearly all who now arrive, or an equal number of diggers, are engaged in the innumerable branches of industry, public works, c, that are at present actively prosecuted. But even supposing the numbers and sums stated by him were correct, it is utterly fallacious to estimate the value of our goldfields in this way. Where gold is so extensively diffused, as it is proved to be in this country, peculiarly rich fields will at particular times be found, and the general value of the entire fields can only be ascertained on a comparison of several years. According to similar estimates made by the Hopkinscs of California, the gold-fields of that country ought now to be nearly exhausted; yet it so happens that their yield each year since their discovery has gone on increasing. It is well known to those who are familiar with statistics, that according as facts are stated, they can be made either to illustrate truth or to cloak a fallacy. Mr. Hopkins has chosen the latter process by his system of aggregate comparisons. As we have no end or object except to elicit the actual truth, we shall adopt adiftcrcntplan, by exhibiting to our readers the particular facts regarding each gold-field, so far as authentically known, and our readers will then be able to judge for themselves as to the probable extent and permanency of our metallic wealth." We subjoin a table exhibiting at a glance the total amounts which have been conveyed by the Government and Private Escort Companies. Of course this does not indicate the amounts actually raised, for we do not even estimate the amounts conveyed by private persons or those sent by escort to Adelaide and Sydney. The table merely furnishes a means of comparison with the same period last year. We may remark that the Government escorts, When alone in operation, brought gold from Ballarat, but the respective accounts were not kept entirely separate till September, which accounts for their being placed up to that month under the heading of Mount Alexander, AMOUNTS OF 001,1) CONVEYED BY ESCORT TO MELBOURNE AND GEELONG. Mount Alexander. Balaarat. Ovcnj, M'lvor 1801. Ort. 0211 Now. 30,4.0 Dec. 81,812 19 Ian. McCOLL I'eb. CS,HH3 .., alan h orders April 07,630 Mai Cl>,4.13 Jlllll' I ORION July 29\. 516 Auiriit 2*0,775 Mept. :n'.',r,i)i 20,913 DM. 317,4 3700 Nov. 2«!,x;f¡ 61,039 6,490 Dec. 107,191 39,411 22,183 ix.: . Jan. 143rd 14,032 21,160 lb 125,0,1,1 10,181 30,401 flour h 115, 70 19.35 32,791 April 115,201 23,071 JJ, 154 May 110,500 lights.' 0,001 6,630 June to, 100 17-20 12,920 22,713 Now, we ask any impartial person who knows"? the nature of our gold-fields, to examine the above table, and say whether it bears, out Mr. Hopkins's assertions as to the decline of our gold-fields. In June last year we had two gold-fields which had been commenced a few months previously, which were then beginning to be enormously productive, and continued to be so till the water failed in December. It is yet to be demonstrated whether in the present season equal results may be expected at the same mine ; we confess we do not anticipate anything of the port. But this we say, that in addition to the old mines, which are probably partially cleared of their treasure?, we have two new ones of equal promise now being developed. One of these', the Ovens, is what it, called wet diggings, which can be worked only in summer. It is believed on fair grounds, that these are equally rich and as extensive as the fields previously discovered. We have next the M'lxor diggings, which, it must be admitted, are of very great promise and being in the line of the Ovens, there is a reasonable ground for belief ing that the whole country, from Balaarat to Spring Creek, and probably throughout the Australian Alps, 6 richly auriferous. This is the extent to which we go, and we are, to this extent, at issue with Mr. Hopkins. Our mines may be "scattered," but we hold it to be grossly absurd, until we know more about the matter, to allege that they are not connected, that they are either "superficial," or are being rapidly exhausted," Though we do not wish to paint too glowing a picture, we are led by the evidence before us to entertain expectations of a bright future. In addition to the two mines possess.''! by the Colonials at this time last year, they have now two more, at least of not inferior promise. We say nothing of the reasonable probability of further discoveries; but with what we have we assert that no one is entitled In reason to predict a speedy exhaustion of the gold mines of Victoria, 