THE AUSTRALIAN HOBGOBLIN IT appears we hfttydlMb rcMi that stage of cerebral- màm\\\i>«i^(l»¡c$^¿cl ode); tljí> belief in the existence of supernatural monsters. Tho Australian bunyip is hardly yet set down as fabulous, and cer tain respectable old ladies of vivid imagi- nation are absolutely conjuring up a political spectre, more awful still, to terrify them out of their staid and sober propriety. The lusus ñaturaé of the physical world the terror of timid rustics and gaping bushmen— we, must leave, as a more con- genial occupation,' to tho scientific research of the more profound among our colonial naturalists as a fact to be proved or dis- proved ; be it our aim in tho exercise of our vocation to endeavour to restore peace to the troubled mind, to' exorcise this ter- rific phantom', Democracy, to show our venerable -friends' that their tea tables are in no danger from sans culottes or a new reign of terror, and if they will after that be afraid of their own shadow, why it is no fault of ours. In old times,' when people bch'oyed. in hobgoblins, tho one in question was some- what undefinable. '. Tho' political hobgob- lin to our sleek, easy going, well-to-do in the-world English citizens was a sort of mon- grel, partly sans culotte, partly half-starved artisan, partly rick-burner, and it appeared latterly with a red cap,- and an unshaven countenance. 'This demon was to annihi- late with one full swoop the rents of land- lords and tho- dividends', of fundholders, and to put down thrones and sceptres, and destroy all the pretty pictures with which in ordinary and vulgar minds the idea of regal power is generally associated. Tho influence of the grisly terror on tho British mind was so great as to avert Parlia- mentary Reform for half a century, and the subsequent realisation of that great idea served to familiarise our good citizens with the phantom, and to prove that it was a very harmless ghost after all. How to embody tho colonial .idea is' a difficult task. All tho illus- trators of colonial history, from old Governor Collins downwards,-fail to pre- sent us with aught approaching a portrait. For a model of an Australian rebel we are obliged to be content with tho celebrated hero of the New South Wales corps, though tho apotheosis is a somewhat vul- gar one—a self-immolation, not for popu- lar rights, but for monopolies of rum the episode in colonial history closing, not in bloodshed and civil commotion, but in fat land grants and fine Merino fleeces. Tho past is barren and so is the present ; tinies.of peace and plenty cannot be made to produce rebels. Gold diggers indeed are branded with all sorts of hard names, but. they are provokingly peaceful ; tlioj will not be goaded into disaffection. Thc case bf_ our colonial Conservatives is so desperate that they are obliged to appeal to tho future for their bugbear of demo- cracy—tho future, big with portents of American mobs and brute popular force. Ruffians must ' be created- by force of imagination where ' they ' cannot be found in living reality. Tho great tide of population which is said to be setting in, and which we are told we shall see surging and overwhelming socioty and social institutions with its resistless torrent, is a very awful picture for certain ancient ladies to contemplate, but it is simply a piece of colonial bathos, or, fami- liarly speaking, bunkum. We are not told , why tho tide with which we are threatened should necessarily bear with it none but turbulent and disaffected scoun- drels, and we can only, therefore, pro sume from experience that tho immigration will be a mixed one, and that it will bring us at least some peaceful and good citizens. These arc cobwebs to catch flies, but, un- fortunately for tho spiders, there are few flies to be caught. We are, with all our apathy and in- souciance, a thinking people Apathy and insouciance, however, are only rela- tivo terms, and as applied to ourselves they only mean that we are generally more eager in personal than in- public or political concerns! But a man's personal concerns in these busy and stirring times necessarily involved a wide survey of, and a calm and careful reflection upon, passing events ; in tho pursuit of their ordinary business, " the class of people called merchants, with which this community is infested," aro obliged to be thus observant. It is n very great benefit to this community, that it does number among its members men whose ordinary duties require them to think deeply. ' Such men will infallibly be found," when tho public interest requires them, ready to act. Men of this stamp, habituated, from their vocation to deal with tho hard realities of life, are the least likely to be imposed upon by cant and claptrap. Tho faculties which are called into play to detect deception and false dealing in their ordinary affairs, are, when once aroused to matters of common and public interest, no less ready to make short work with tho fallacies and sophistry of public men. A rotten case at their hands will meet with little mercy. Their powers of mind, awakened and enlarged by observation and experience, are avail- able for their country when tho emergency requires their exercise. They are her best citizens when duty calls them into action. It is a little too late in tho day to bring forward such a scarecrow as this. Tho ar- tifice is too stale. Tho Democracy really dreaded by our colonial Conservatives is a thinking people. When we have to go out of our way to manufacture democrats, we may depend upon it tho democracy cannot be very awful. But assuming tho apprehension to be well founded, history and experience have been studied to little purpose if it be supposed that tho artificial safeguard of a Legislative Chamber nomi nated by tho Crown will be any protection against tho evil. If there be a tide of re- publicanism and democracy setting in judging from tho past' such a barrier would be tho first to be swept away. Public opinion in tho mother country, is better informed with reference to this sub- ject. English statesmen and philosophers are brought to this conclusion, that the people are their own best protectors, against tho tyranny of tho masses, that tho -real conservatism is an inherent element in society itself, that if society generates the bane, it generates also tho antidote. The strongest Governments in the world are those which are based upon popular confi- dence; tho feeblest are those which are based upon distrust in tho governed. The notion of an Upper House, as watch dog upon tho people, is truly original, and worthy of the genius of Botany Bay legis- lators ; to pursue the analogy, this canine guardian of class privileges only requires to be furnished with a muzzle. 