îlocal ShtteUtgrttce. Electora i, List. - The court of quar- ter sessions sits to-morrow at eleven o'clock, for the purpose of revising the electoral list. As there were many omissions and errors in the last, we urge the electors to see them rectified. Robbery with Violence, - Charles Nicholson was, on Saturday, fully committed for trial for a highway robbery on one Michael Cleary, ia Harrington-street, on the first inst The pro- secutor, at the time of the assault, two o'clock in the morning, was going to seek the attendance of , one of the Sisters of Mercy, upon a person who was supposed to A>a dying at his master's house. .The poor fellow was robbed of thirty shillings and brutally ill-treated. The prisoner is said to be one of a gang of ruffians infesting the neighbour- hood of Hairington-street, of which Mabel ly, the recently executed criminal, formed one. Land Fund.-A despatch from -Sir John Pakington has been received at Melbourne, in reply to the memorial of the corporation of Geelong, asking that the unappropriated part of the land fund might bo made available for the pur- poses of local improvement. Sir John Pakington has made «..favorable reply, ia which he recog- nizes the piinciple, that the moiety of the land fund should be devoted to meet the wants of the distiict in which it arjses '-Examiner. ', SucKsn Weeding.-"Will you take this woman to be your wedded wife ?" asked an Illinois magistrate of the masculine half of a couple who stood before bim to get married. " Wall,"squire, you must bo tarnal green,'to ask such a question as that ar. Do you think.that I'd besuch a plaguy fool as to go the bar'hunt, and. take this woman from the quiltin' frolic, if I was'nt confoundedly in love with her ? Drive on with your businessl and don't .ask foolish questions." -American Paper. - A Rap aï thb Rappers !-" Ish dnt you, . Mrs. Haunts?" inquired the Dutchman. "Yes, dearest, it is your own wife, wl»-" ¿'j You lie, yon ghost," interrupted Haunts, starting from his . scat; " mine vrow speak notting but Dutch, and she never said tearest in her life. It was always ' HiuniS!, you thien* *or '"Haunts:, you tlrty shkampl"* And the Dutchman hobbled fiom the room, well satisfied that the " Rapping spiiits" were all humbug, and thut he «as safe fioin any further communications with his shrewish vrow on this eai til.-American Paper. Education. - "Fellow-citizens,'" said a candidato for Congress recently somewhere out west, " Fellow-citi2ens, you nre well aware I never went to school in my life but three times, and that was a night school. Two nights the teacher didn't come, and the'{other night I had'nt any candle 1"-American Paper. A Man of Peace,-During the last war, a Quaker was on board an American ship engaged in close combat with an enemy. He preserved his peace piinciples calmly until he saw a stout Bilton climbing op the vessel by a rope whick hung oveiboard. Seizing a hatchet, the Quaker looked over the side of the ship, and remaiketU " Triend, if thee wants that piece of rope, thee may have it;" when, suiting the deed to tiro word, he cut off the rope, and down went the poor fellow to his long watery home ! - American Paper. Ear v»nd-Taste for Music.-Coleridge, notes:-"Anear for music is a very different thing fi om a taste for uubíc I have no ear what- ever ; I could not sing an air to save my life ; but, 1 have the intensest delight in music, and can de- tect good from bad. Nakli, a good fellow, re- marked to mc once at a concert, that l.dtd not seem much interested with a piece of Rosùpi's which had just been performed. I said it sounded tome like nonsense verses. But I could scarcely contain myself when a thing of Beethoven's fol- lowed." Regalitt of Genius. - Gibbon, in speuking of his own gcuenlogy, refers to the fact qf Fielding he'ng of the same family as the Earl of Denbigh, who, in common with the imperial family of Austrin, is descended fiom the cele- brated Rudolph of Hap'sbttrgh. " While tbe one branch," he says, "" have contented themselves with being sheriffs of Leicestershire and justioss of the peace, the others have been Emperors of Germany utid Kings of Spain ; but the magnificent romance of 'Toro Jones' will he road with plea- sure when the palace of the Escurial is in ruins, and the Impeiial eagle of Austria is rolling in the dust." ' Great Ploughing Feat.-A number of persons residing ia the district of Westbury have undertaken to plough one hundred acres of land in one day, on Mr. Field's estate at Westfield ; and Monday, the 1 (ith instant, is the day named for the performance of the task.-Examiner. Road Distbict of Cornwall.-A sur- veyor is now employed in surveying the road be- tween Avoca and Stony Creek, and persons who are willing to tender for the formation of the road, may obtain the necessary information at a meeting of the trustees, to bo held at Avoca on Saturday, the 14 th instant. Midland Agricultural Association. A special general meeting of this association will be held at the Assembly Hotel, Campbell Town, on Thursday the 12th inst., for the purpose of con- sidering the important subject of fice immigration, in connexion with the regulations sanctioned by the council. Mersey Coal Companv.-Shareholders in the company are requested to pay the first in- stalment on their shares, which is now due to the secretary.-Examiner. Match at Carrick.-A match for £100 was run at -Carrick, on Monday, between Mr. Pascoe's Sir Walter, and Mr. Syramond's Miss Pickwick, the former winning.-Ibid. Self-Government for the Colonies. The London correspondent of the Sydney Herald, in a communication dated 1st February, conveys some very important intelligence with regard to the future government of the colonies. He con- cludes thus :-the instructions amount to this that the colonists are to elect themselves into an Upper and Lower House of Parliament prepara- tory to the Home Government surrendering their affairs to their entire guidance. It is unnecessary to go into the particulars of this important altera- tion in the management of colonial affairs, as you will be in possession of the details by this time. The change is one much wanted, and will lead to most important results, tending to the permanent benefit of the colony,its political, social, and com- mercial position." A moro extended notice will be found in another column, Aristocratic Visitors.-Amongst -the fashionable arrivals of the past fortnight by whose presence our district has been honoured, we may mention the names of Lord Henry Scott, son of the Duke of Buccleugh, and Lord Schomberg Kerr, Eon of the Marquis of Lothian, with their chaplain, the Rev. Hugh Stobart, and travelling companion, the Rev. Thomas Bowles. These young noblemen stayed about ten days* in Bathurst, which they spent partly in social inter- course, and partly in visiting the few sights we have worth seeing. Among other places they have inspected the Summerhill Copper Mine, and have now started for the Turon, whence they purpose proceeding to Newcastle, and afterwards to More- ton Bay, with the intention of spending the winter at the latter place. A visit from 'gentlemen of their rank and station is an improved sign of the times, and if undertaken with the practical pur- pose of making themselves acquainted with .the wants, necessities, and natural advantages of the country, may ultimately be producive of good.. A little more time devoted to travelling the colonies and dependencies of the British crown, by those who are one day to become legislators for the Empire, would tend to mitigate the evils-arising out of an ignorance of their actual position, and would often prevent the blunders in government which have first planted the seeds of disaffection and afterwards ripened them into rebellion. Bathurst Free Press. , A Disobedient Mate.-On Saturday P. C. Shipley, mate of -the immigrant ship Panama was sentenced by the police magistrate and Captain Bateman to sixty days' imprisonment with liard labourer repeated acts of« insubordination and'refuaal of duty. , Lbcturk. - We understand that' tbc Rev. Mr. D'Embden, of .Richmond, has, engaged to deliver a lecture to-morrow evening in. Bris- bane-street Chapel, on " The Scriptures as the means to religious life," with special reference to the case of the Midiol, recently noticed in onr columns. . ' . i THE Passenger Act.-On Saturday two seamen named John Austin and James Frederick Smith, appeared at the police court to answer the information of J D. Loch, Esq., the immigration agent, charging them with having, on the 9th March last, introduced themselves on the passen- ger deck of the emigrant ship Panama, not being on duty then, and contrary to the provisions of the act, &c.; It was proved by a passenger named Mrs. Stewart, that on the night in question the defendants went into the young women's apart- ments, but was very speedily turned out. Similar evidence was given by the surgeon of the vessel Mr Thos. Parr ; and the defendants were fined £2 each, and in addition sentenced to one month's imprisonment. K?" Wc are requested to say that on Thursday next Mr. Elliston will sell an eleotri fjine; maohine, with Leyden jsrs¡ inda very neat little Wollaston's galvanic battery. 