I jËwÉSLEïAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. I y/A¡ ,'PubIlo Meetiiiff in connexion willi the Sydney Auxiliary ol the Wesleyan Missionary ?Society tva« held on Monday evening lust, iu York-street Chapel. The proceedings of tho service wero commenced hy tho Binging ol' a liymii, and prayer, hy tho iluv. J. J'Jggiestou, altor which Georgo Allen, Esq., was culled to tho Chuir, who very briefly stilled tho onject of tho Meoting, and railed upon tho Secretary of tho Auxiliary Missionary Society to rend tho Report. ? , Mr. DUCKER then read tho following ItKl'OJtT. . . - ' ' .' . . In presenting tills thirty-second Itcport of-tko pro- ceedings of tho Wesleyan Society for tho past your; wo oro reminded hy n shunt retrospective view of thu silent, iinostciitntlous progrès» of religious influoncu In thu world, thut tho kingdom of Clod cometh not with out- ward show j tho moral changes which In their full mani- festations ara tho munns by which tim kingdoms of this world will bocouia thu kingdoms of our I.orU and of his Christ, npcratu quietly and unscon ; wo hro ocunsionnlly favoured willi indications of-marked success, cheering and encouraging to us wkitu carrying on our labour of lovo ¡ but moro commonly wo hnvu to cunt our bread upon tho wntor«, hoping to find lt nguiu after ronny days. . 1. In Irolnnd und C'nntinontul Unropo your missiona- ries uru endeavouring to ruvlvo thu Mumu nf puru Chris- tianity, almost oxtlugutslicd hy. tho deadly miasma of superstition und infidelity. Your ngents uro vlowed with some mutistiro of jonlousy by tho ilcspotlo governments of Franco mid Germany, and by tho professedly liberal authorities of Switxurtnnd ; yet their labours hnvo tint heuu without success,, us tho following results will prove:- ' : Wesleyan Missionaries. Members In Ireland thoro uro . 24 ... ,. 1033 In Frnncu mid Swltzerlnnd... lo . 821 In Clevinmiy . 1 ... . 1000 In.Spain .... 1 ... i-. Ol .Total . iñ Ö816 2\. Ceylon mid Continental India contain 27 stations, tu which US missionaries labour, mid report 2040 mem- bers. In these districts educational efforts occupy much or the tima of your missionaries, und with pleasing prospect of success, tu referenra to thu grout work of con- version ; n nutlvo ministry is being rulscd up, mid tho fact that nil connection butweeu tho Jlrltlsh Government mid idolatry lins now ceased, leads us to iudulgu in wail fouiidod hopes of u much luoru rnpid extension of their lntlucnces. 3\. Thewnrln Southern Africa hnvlngnow been brought to n conclusion, thu .Missions of your Society will bu no longer Impeded by that dreadful scourge of n lullen world; it ls consoling to know that tho Christian Churches in Kull'erlnud wurt) opposed to thu atlnck upon the colony, mid gonorully maintained their consistency ns followers after peuce. Tim colonial work is generally prospering. Wo have in this part of the world 40 mis- sionaries and 4284 members, 4\. Tho Missions to tho negro population of 'Western Africa, tho const of Guinea und thu kingdom of Ashuutcc, nra carried on in deadly climates, and under circumstances of privation mid danger, willoh render thu labour the nearest approach to martyrdom, which tho experience of modoru times alfords; but your Society lin« never lind to slny Its Operation« for tho want of volunteers ? for this, thu tortoni hope, band of the Missionary Company ; lt is anticipated that thu lú- crense of nnttvo labourers, and the employment of pro- perly qualified coloured ministers from tho West Indies, will lil duo limo romler thu perniiiucnt residency of European Missionaries unnecessary ; this ilnngcvous I «pliera has been however a most successful one. Wu have hero IB MI««IounrIes, mid 72S4 members. fi. Tho-Missions to tho llrltlsh West Indies, nnd tho Island of Ilnytl, muong thc. llrltlsh colonists, mid li- berated negrous, employs' S5 minister«, und numbera 40,510 mouthers. Tho trnnsltlon slntu of society from slavery to liberty, and tho great and sudden changes lu tho commercial policy of the British Government, for which these colonies were not prepared, have operated unfavourably upon tho temporal prosperity of thu com- munity'; the present is n period of trial to all classes, from which tho vnrlous Christian Churches aru not u.xeinpt. The work ls uertululy ussuming u more steady mid stuld chniiictur, und wo uro Hullsflud that thu trials and discouragements which have been so « .verely felt hy tho Kuropenn andnogropopulation, will beevcntuully overruled for great spiritual and Intellectual good. (1. In llrltlsh Kurth America, IBU -Missionaries uro cm ployed, und our Church contains 17,500 members; 15 Missionaries principally labour among tho Aborigines in Canada and the Hudson'« Hay territory 7\. Xeiv Krnlaud, und thu Tonga und Kejeo Islands ure our neighbours, for whom our position remires tis espo. clnlly to caro ; nero we huvc 41 Missionaries, amt l!l,till mcmburs. From our proximity to these -Mlssluns wo ore frequently cheered hy tho pleasing ruports of oyu wit- nesses, who havo themselves been in these localities, of tho cftcctB wrought by thu hiiliiencu of Divino Grace. 8\. Thu Australinn colonies employ 38 Minister«, and number nbaut 5,200 xiicmbcrs ; with the exception ctf thu " N'utlvu Mission ut Swan Uiver, thu labour 1« exclusively Kngllsh in its character, not materially dllTorlug from thu work of thu ministry at home. Wu uro Ihiiulifut for tho measure of success, which, in spito of thu'dlstructloii occasioned by thu discovery of gold, has huon grouted to us ; and vu havu to record un nddl tlon of four lnbourcrs, wisely sent out hy thc Committeo to mceltliopre.'-slugclaltnsof these rapldlyadvmielngconi inunillcs. Wo iiuvo ulso to cougratutato ourselves upon tho presence ortho Hov. Kotiert Young, tho representativo of tho llrltlsh Conference nud Connection, wliol'ncctsus ns u deputation to nrrnngu thu terms of u friendly serra- tion from, mid yet oontiiiucd union with, thu Methodist Churches of tho mother country. This measure, will, we helluva, liu n great step lu our onward progress, and will render us more useful, both in tho colonies, and lu reference to our futuro enterprises, for thu gathering lu of lite heathuit of Polynesia, ive. ll. Another mission remullís to bo noticed : China ls ut lungth entered by u Wesluyati Missionary ; a young niau named George Piercy, Impelled by u neal which cou Ul not bo denied, commenced tho enterprlso nt his own cost and risk, and Is now formally received ns il fellow labourer by tho Wesleyan Conference. Two others wero preparing | to join this devoted young mun, (Ind havu no doubt by j this time reached thu «hores of China. 10\. Tho edncntloiini labours of your Mission Churolios . dcmaiut your grateful acknowledgements ; ubout 80,000 children aro being trained lu your schools, and nlrc.nly our Missionary Ministry is beginning to recelvu numerous labourers trained liku Timothy from childhood lu (ho knowlciigo of thu Holy Scriptures. 11\. Th« general summary »f thu Wesleyan Mission«, ts a« follows : Central or Principal Stntion«, called Circuits, occupied by thu Society iu various parts of tho .world. . 350 I Chapels'and other preaching place«, in con- nection with thu nbovo mentioned Central I or principal Btatlnu, ns far as nscertuined ... 3,002 Mlfslunnrics, und Assistant, Missionaries, In- cluding 21 supernumeraries . 470 Other paid Agents, ns Catechists, Interpritors, Day School Teachers, Aro. 702 Unpaid Agents, II« .Sabbath .School Teachers, &c.; £477 Full accredited Church Members, (Including Ireland) . . 103,173 On trial for Church Membership (as far as nscertuined)'. 6,109 Scholars, lied Huting for ttioso who attend both thu liny unit Siihbnth Schools . 70,811 Printing Hctabllshinoilts... ,. 8 i X. B. d Thu iiicmno of tho Society, for tho yonr end- ing 18th -May, 18S2, was. 111,730 10 0 Thu expenditure for thu fame period was... 111,05511 4 I fleing n surplus for tho year 1852, of ... 175 6 C Hut. stitt leaving a debt as carried from i thu l'orinur year, of . 10,COO 7 0 [Tho financial statement of tho Auxiliary I Sooloty stated that tho subscriptions during the j pnst your amounted to X2-I7 lGs. 8d., of which £25 Ss. Cd. was collected in Missionary boxes, both sums being a considerable increase on those ! of former years!] i The Rev. ALUXANDEII SALMON then roso to move; tho following resolution i I Thal tho report now read bo received, nnd that this meeting niters its grateful acknowledgments to Almighty . God for thu cheering mcasuiu of success which Hu cou ?.tluncs to grunt to thu agent« of this mid similar Institu- tions', anil regards that success us furnishing additional eneourugemuut to rcnewuit endeavours ta promolu tho i spread of Christianity in lioatheu lauds, I Ho had Ibo greatest ploaiuro in moving tho adop- tion of a roport whioti must bo to nil tho mooting, in it was to him, n most gratifying record of the suuocBS that lind attended the labours bf tho Wes I loyan Missionary Sooloty. Those statomouts fur- nished anothar testimony that divino gracp still i attended the appointed weapons to.mukö thom I powerful in tho pulling down of. strongholds. On hearing thut. roport, ho was reminded. Of ? tho Words of David, us ho, saw Athimoas running along-" Ho la n good man, and comes with good tidings;", for .as truly, could it bo said that-such reports ns tho meeting had just listened to vbriiught good,tidings-tho good nowa of kingdoms ^voluntarily submitting thouisolvos. lt was cheer- ing" to' tho reno weil mind to seo that tho. o'rclo'of Christian iiilluoiiüo (alas I how mu row hitherto) was rapidly widening moiitli'by monti), and year by year. Happy presago'was' thus givoti of tho iiltliuato vpread of tho. Kodoeniot's Kingdom from, tho rivers to tho'ends of tho/oarth,! and that tho Trinco of reaco-rtho glorious Messiah-would fat lopgtb'sway, hts soeptr.o ovor'nll kingdoms, arid mil tons. That report showed how that- tho mis- sionaries ol' this Society lmvo gone.down.to tho vory arena wluiro tho armies of Israel were fight- ing* with tho Philistines, and havo brought word .how: thc holy wnr - .was ? pro crossing.' He (MY. Salmon), .did not bolong to tho section of tho , Church, ' whoso opai'iitlous were i'ofurrcd'to¡ but though tho Cap- tain of lits» thousand might bo n different ono from that of eoino of his brethren, yot ho hoped that ho and they nil' eu Hilted under ,tho »arno banner, and holougcd lo tho, army of tho great Captain of Salvation. Aud'iii'thc success ol' lils armies, nil theso would bo alio ' heartily to rejoice, whoever might bo tho Captain of tho thousand under whoso direction they helped to nchloTo tho vie tory. When Jessa' sent his youthful son David to tho Israclltieh camp, ho gava'him ton cheeses to give to tho oaptain of his thousand ; and though now-n-ilny such gifts woro oarried to different captains i yet would to God thóro woro still n Jesse lo bestow such an offering, and a David to give- it. Tlio time then would- «con bs hastened when it would bo said, in a far higher »nd nobler seuso than of old, " thu Philistines wore subdued, and cunio no more into tho coasts of Israel." Tho soldiers in that strugglo must however, bewnro of tutting to themselves the praise of tho viotory ; they must^over remember, " that though they may Imvo.displayed tho utmost diligence, and tho most untiring perseverance,,, yct'thnt tho cause was His who was u "jealous"" God." It was worthy of remark, that those pro- fessed Christians who, on tho ono hnnd, over- stated tho doctrine of tho Holy SpirilVi influence, or who, en tho other hand, understated it, wero both equally indifferent to tho claims of mis- sionary work ¡ tho latter were represented by tho Socinians, nnd tho former by ibu party called " Moderates,'' in his fatherland. But if Christians felt tho valucof salvution to their own ? souls, with what impressible energy should tiioy strive to diffuse it. liven onthnslnsm was re- quired in Such a cause, and it would show that a Christian did u«t understand his privileges, to ho luko\vurni in tho spread of the Gospel. Ho was reminded of thu circumstance, that shortly aftor Dr. Chulmers cntno to Qhisgow, from his funner rural parish, nude r thc influence ot!a noble outliu- - »insni, . he urged his Glasgow "audience to in- terest themselves in tho Missionary causo. After . ono of his sermons at the Trott Cliuroh, a mer- chant ashed of a clergyman 1 wlib certainly never lind preached a missionary sermon himself, what his opinion of tho Doctor was. " I think," WBB tho reply, " ho has a bue in his" bonnet.'' " Well," was thc rejoinder, " it is certainly not a drano bto." (Laughter.) Tho Hov. W. H. BOYCE, in seconding tho reso- lution, rema iii eil, that tho roverond speaker who ' had just sat down, always carno fro Bible and fresh from Scotland.- And it was tho national roFpeot for the Bible which gave such dignity to tho ho loved It nob beonuso of ¡IB characteristic bravery or its integrity, hut because it was pro oiulnoully the land of Bible - in fluenae. [Air. Boyeo conolmied with a high culogiiiiu on tho character and ministerial horvices of tho Kev. Robert Young, as eminently qualifying him for tho important trust confided in him by tho Con- ference of thc mother country, und having laboured far many years as a mi-isionnry in d i lier- ont i>nrt8 of tho world, he «na fairly omitted to represent Ibo class of men engaged in tho Wes- leyan mission, and to advecnto the claim a of tho Institution.]. .' Tho Rev. RALPH MANSFIELD having briefly supported tho resolution, it was then put to tho j, meeting, and carried unanimously. Tho Rov. Dr. Ross moved tho following reso- lution: That Hil« meeline;, willie pledging Itself to increased ! ojtcrtlons for tho support of Christian missions to tho I heathen, recognises tho- hnportunco mid necessity of earnest prayer for tho rumorul of all obstacles to tho pro- creas of the flnnpel, nnd for tim outpouring of tho Holy Spirit on thu Church and on tho world nt fnrgo. Ho would eonimenoo by observing tlint missionary societies gonorally proposed as n fluni oVject the conversion of tho heathen world; but tho Wes- leyan Sooioty waa not satisfied with this as its olijeot, but adopted another, which wa?, thu con- vention of all nominal Christians within tho sphere of iti labours, so that this society differed from others in its enjoying a larger field. Tho object of Christina missions wns to bring nil men nuder lim influence of Christian feelitip, to nm ko thom \- Christians, and to flt UH ni for tho service of God on earth mid the- enjoyment of God in Hcavon. This was a vust object, and ho did not think that pcoplo allowed it to occupy a sufficient t-paco in their minds. Suppose ho went into a houso and found thero ten good men, who had banded them- selves together with tho intention of converting nil tho ungodly mm and women in this city. What! ho might say, mon of no eminence either in rank or wealth, hope to bring into sub- jection to tho Lard Jesus Christ all those intem- perate crentuios who wore seen rolling about tho streets-those men who woro tho garb of rvllgioo, and nothing moro ; what.' undertake to accom- plish -this, and express tho greatest conlidnnce that it would ho . accomplished? Yet thc Missionary Society lind in contemplation precisely tho sumo thing with reference to hun- dreds of millions of tho human nico, following di Heroin religions, speaking different languages, and debased by different idolatrous orror.-i; mid could thoy expect or even hopo that it would bo dono? Tho persons who, wero to do this (if it woro to bo dono ut all) wcro Bimply Christian mon and women ; and to glvo anything liko visibility ol' success (hero wero two different ob- ject« on which they had to operate. Thoro were tho unaptly heathen on tho one hand mid God on tho other. They woro to operate on man by put- ting forth all tho means by which divine truth might bo communicated to tho souls; and they woro to opcrnto on God by prnyer, so that tho truth must ho modo effectual in a saving and sanctifying influence. The resolution willoh he roB'J to. moro asked tho mooting to piedlo them« selves to increased exertions for the support of missions to tho heathen. On such occasions ns this, resolutions wcro frequently carried ns mat- ters of course, hut ho would endeavour to impress on tho minds of those present, that if they wcro ardour in tho mifsionavy cause, they must not hold up their hands in favour cf this resolution. But sunpo-ing tho meeting tobosoanlmntod, il was right that their contributions to thc Bocioty should increase in proportion to their growing interest in its operations, especially as in those prosperous times Divino Providence had put it in tho power of all to do moro for this causo than they formerly could. And with those abundant means of usefulness, to cherish n thoughtless or selfish spirit, would bo to show ingratitude to their Saviour, and injustice to the souls of their follow men. There was no, reason to expect that God would accomplish tho conversion of tho world without both tho prayers nnd tho labours of his people. Por a long limo people summed up all their efforts for the conversion of tho hoathon in prayer alone ; but that this Would bo efficacious without other instrumentality was a principia not ; recognised in thoScripturoB. Suppose, foy instance, the. empira of Japan wcro taken nnd devout prayers were offered for tho conversion of that ' untion. Christians must pray that God would solid missionaries thero ; but othorwlso how could God convort them J Tho spirit of God in con- verting sinners acted upon tho voluntary powers of tho BOUI, through , tho truth as his grand instrument; but there >\\-ns no truth in Japan. (Hear, hear.) It Avas " not to bo expected that angelic ministrations would carry on tho work ; tho power of tho spiilt could only oporato on tho falsoboods, tho idolatry, and tho vices or that people, through tho knowledgo of Divino truth, and to ayk God to exert 'Hts powor in anolhor way, worild bo to ask Him to do what Ho never did, nnd what Ho had never promised to do. Tho farmer could with propriety pray for God's bles- sing on tho fields he hns'lnid in-cultivation ; but woro ho to -leave soma bf his lands unploughed, . would his prayers, though offered by day atid by night, bo of any avail I- Christians KIIOUIJ pray without ceasing,-for- the conversion of tho world,' but.thoir exortions should run pnrellcl with thoir prayers. Thero worocortaln ilxod principles with God. iu His. workings with' mon; ono was that ovory, redcomed .soul should bo a fellow. ?worker with Him in His cause ; and it was a duly de- volving on those' lu whom ' Ho- lind planted tho hopo of a -glorious immortality, whom Ho had saved tho oxpenscs of unholy pleasures, to whom Ho had communicated a happincBS not to bo pur- chased, to take what thoy had saved from sinful Indulgences, and throw thom into His trcosury. (Lbud oheers.) .. '."..? Tho Rev. RODENT "YOUNO, in seconding tho re- solution, Boid. :-Mr. Chairman and Christian Friends-Tho object of tho tnhsionnry ontcrprlio whioh wo havo this ovoning met , to promote, la uothiug ghort'of-tho cori torsion of tho world. Wo on n tb hi k of nothing greater; wo can aim nt nothing; los*., For its accomplishment, tho.spread of Divino truth is, as was well stated by tho pro- vides spoaker, absolutely,.ncoossary. ,lt doe» noe appear, to mo that any soul can bo . convortea indopendontly of tho reception of Divino (ruth in tho mind In some form, or anothor. Are mon, born »gain Ï It ls " not of oorruptlblo Eocd, bub bf Incorruptible ; oven tho word of God, who liveth nud nbldoth for ovor.'' Aro thoy ennotlr fled? It is by tho truth. Aro thoy mudo cloon ? Tho words Christ sneaks unto thant mnkoth thant' soi V faith comolhoy hcnrlng, and hearing by tho word of God." ' Thoso facts plaoo.Christians In » state of oqunl responsibility in relation to th« salvation of a porishlng world. To »oft-thia -^dely-felt ncccBsity,; «lio Brilîsli nndForeii ' '.Bible Society Ima exerted .itself and done gre tilings; but even Ibo cxortlons of til at good .ÍDititotion, , are ' nut sufficient to'/, accompli! '/ tb» object wo have "in .view.-'¡I'/fl Biblo Society lias placed ' in <. tho hnm of many a desert travellor tho ' Word Eternal Lifo, hnt without some other asBlstanc .ho undoretands not what be reads. Tho'missionni is required to tell bim of whom tho proph speakc, mid to prodcli to him Jesus. Tho Bib Society has ishucd from the sanctuary of God, stream of Divine Truth, tu heal tho miseries fallen man ; but ministers aro requirod to npp tho waters. They nra to bo " fishers of men," spread their nets and gather of every fish a cording to their kind. Tho Biblo Society hi launched tho lifo-boat on tho dark and storm . ocean of heathendom, where multitudes aro pi risking in the torrific shipwreck and frnntical] shrieking for holp; the ministers bf tho Gosp must roan tho boat mid faca tho threaten in waves to save souls from death and hid« a merit tudo of sins. Now Divine Truth mtist ho pri scntod by moans of missionaries being Eont fort! and tho other principio just reforrcd to, with f muoh propriety', by Dr. Ross,_ ought to ni sk o doop .impression on every mind, namely, tl» whilst we would operate on men's minds by menu of truth) wo must not forget that truth itself is bi an instrument. There must ho tho combined lr -üuence of thc Holy Ghost, ami that influence ¡ promised in nnswer lo prayer. [Tho rovorno gentleman then proceeded, in a powerful and eic .quant manner, to introdncosoveriil forcible Scrip turo similios, representing tho mutual ngcncicsc prayer and lubour, which our spnoo compels us t omit, and pusscd on to remark that tho presen slate of tho world was most favourable fur mis ßionnry operations,] Portentous ngitatro amongst all classes of tbs intelligent heathen», i beginning lo betray signs of their wissntisfuctio .with tho absurdities of their respectivo creeds and thc most sagacious aro becoming ashamed o tho principles and rites of paganism. Thos nra lins field"» already white .? unto th harvest; and we li ear . a voice spcakinj to us from tho excellent glory, faying, "put ii tho sickle and renp, for 'tho harvest is ripe !' Tho present standing < of the British" nation i also favourable to tho missionary enterprise Without intending any* disparagement to tin greatness of other nation?, I feel tho fullest con fidonoe in tho pormanont and beneficial influenci of Great Britain on every part of tito world Her extensivo possessions embrace every climate sho lins flourishing colonies in evory quurter o¡ tho globe, millions of tho heathen bow to bei sceptre-her fcnnners are waving in every breeze -tho sun is always shining on her tributary pro vinces-her canvass is Bpread ou every son- hot merchandise is supplying every market. Situated ns her possessions ure in Europe, Asia, Africa, nnd America, und in tho différent islands of tho sen, we'can obtain an admission diractly or indirectly to nil the tribes of men to whom wo offer tho patronago'of tho British flag. And blind indeed m list that man ho who does not perceive in these things th» operation of a gracious Providence who'iBtonds Great Britain to t.iko a prominent part in building the walls of Zion. Liko tho angel in tho Apocalypse sha has tho everlasting Gospel in lier haiidd tb preach to every nation oudpcoplo nnd kindred and tongue. That is her high vocation, that is her lofty mission. It is that, rather than tho excellency of hor constitu Hon, th« wealth of her nobles, thc wisdom of hor statesmen, or the prowess of her army, that givo* lier such infliicnco mid dominion in the world. (Loud cheers.) Britain is Heaven's almoner, and lier noblest employment must bo to distribute Heaven's buunty. So wonder that her enemies should be scattered in confusion, and tho nations give placo unto hor. The different sections of Hie'Christiau 'Church uniting in this great work ara all ono; though forming distinct companies, and having tv trifling difference, of colours in their uniforma ; and perhaps sending their cheeses to .diflbrent captains (laughter) ; yet they are all arrayed in tho same armour, and contemplating the-snmo design, nnd all oveiflowhig in their zcnl to conquer tho common foe. Their little difl'er ?etieos tiTe as soon lost sight of ns would I13 the. empty diHtinctions of accoutrement in un nrtny, when surrounded with tho roar of cannons, the ?clash of bayonets, and tho groans of wounded and dying men. Under whatever division of tho army I hey enlist, whether Episcopalian, or Wes- leyan, or Independent, or Baptist, or lu what particular uniforin they fight, it matters not ; tho wliolo host participate* in the joy of viotory; «hilo thoy ascribe all tho glory uhto tho Lord, Mid hasten to " crown him Lord of all." (Cheers ) It has already been announced that I have been engaged in tho missionary field, mid I may there, fore bo cxpec'od to refer to what I havo soon and heard while so engaged. Ten years of my lifo I vms permitted to labour thus i.-i the causo of Christ, six years ¡11 Jamaica, and four in iS'ovn Scotia. Ko mission undertaken by tho Wesley an Society has been so much opposed as was our mis- sion to Jamaica ; yot, with perhaps some excop. tions in tho islands of tho Pacific, none hnvo been BO successful. When Dr. Cope first landed on tho island of Jamaica as a Wesleyan missionary, lt was not long before he was imprisoned iii a com- mon workhotiso for no other crime than that Of preaching, tho Go>pe), During my residencio there, however, I never had tho honour of being imprisoned. I have often bceu brought before ruters for my efforts ns a Christian teaoher, and have had to plead my own cnuso ju open court boforo a host of lawyers-(a lough)'-and no man stood by me. I am thankful, however, to say, that tho principal cause of this opposition has been happily removed-I mean slavery. (Loud chcors.) During tho time of slavery tho planters know very well that though we did not directly interfere with tho civil condition of the people, yet they were not so blind as not to see that our labours were working on to civil ends, and would at length result in tho entire freedom of tho slaves. And they were not mistaken ; tho Gos- pel has triumphed, tho negro is free (Loud cheers.) Acting under this Impression, the planters had no desire to let their people possess a roligiotis education. They had 110 objeótion to let them know a part of thc GOSJK], but wero un- willing that they should discover ibu whole; it Was not, they said, adapted in all its parts to tho slate of society in that country. (Laughter.) I will just rcfor to a cironmstuueo In which 1 took a prominent position, and whioh will servo nu a fair sample of tho general conduct of thc planters. 1 was waited upon ono day by a wealthy planter, who requested that I would, go to his estato to give .gomo religious instruction to his elavcs. I accordingly went and undertook tho charge, and received cvory possible attention from tho inaBtrr, who politely told mo tliut I ought to mention bim in my letters to England ns nu oxcoption to tho general condition of Jamaica planters, In order, probably, to recommend him to tho sttornevshln of Bomu cstnlo. At four o'olook in tho nftoruoon of my arrival, tho shell was blonn lo summon tho slaycs, ;who quickly 'assembled, wondering what ?Was tho matter. Tho master met them nt the doer of his spacious mansion, and told them that ho had brought a gentleman from a. distance to preach to them on mattera ol' tho area test im Jiortancc, : und chargod thom by nil that , was serious to keop their cars woll opened, and let every.word havo -its proper effect. .Ho .tuns .gavo mo a . good character before . "ho hoard mo (langhter) ¡ I had some misgivings "ot tho 'time, nhd tl.iought ho would alter, his opinion (laughter),, and tho sequel proved that I ,was not mistaken. .. At', tho time ?appointed .'. I commenced .n, religious worship^ wliçn i; gavo out n hymn ho joined with all his voice, when I prayed bo responded as heartily ns »ny bf, oiir Yorkshlro or Cornish brethren would havo done, in order, as he said, to teach tho negroes1 how to pray. - I followed-tho devotional exercise with a sermon, and gave out a test, tho illustration of which lcd mo to Mioak ngaiitst Sabbath breaking hud an offence willoh símil bo nameless-^two sins of which my hoist was noto- riously' guilty. I had not, proceeded, far In my ulscoitrso when I snw evident symptoms ,of dis Quictudo on, tho part, of tho planter j ho could hardly 'slt bii hts chair, but locked nt mo nnd Jhopk his bend In a manner that Indicated I wnB ^-ifavolllng out of tho rcoord (. laugh') ¡ but I \w tho courso was a right one in willoh 1 WOB tuiolling, and dotormined to keep it. As soon X had finished my sermon, tho planter roso under great excitement, und cxolnimod "Idon'tbollovo that nowt" (Laughton) ."Stop, negroes. 1 uT>>ßut this gentleman-hero to teach you to he obcdlont, and not to Btonl from.your master, and instead of! that lie balbeen finding fault with n¡ al) the limo, (Hoars of laughter.) Thin is win I call ungentlemanly conduct "(Laughter') <'IJ hus told you it ii wrong to violate the Sabbath ho must have forgotten that tho Sabbath wu» li Rtitutod fire thousand years before tho Wei Indios was disoovored,' mid cari tlierefo-o havo n adaptation.'whatever: to' their prosent Btati (Laughter.) As respoots tho other sin of wbio ho has made so much, why there is . a person .mci tionod in tho Scriptures-ono ol' tho finest gen tlcracn of his doy-Abraham, who was guilty i tho very thing which you have just heard s greatly condorancd." Thus by tho most shame ful perversion of tho inspired volume ho Bought t establish his own innoccnoo, and at length sa down much elated with his success. I roso nm replied, and wont mitch deeper into tho subjou than before ; tlioro was.then uo longer uny bush firing ; I knew tho ootual danger, ond,; in th strength of my Master, resolved to make ni compromise of principle, nor to', fear" riskini tho displeasure of tho planter; 'mid if ovor . spoke faithfully and seriously to- tho heart of i man, I did so then. Ho rose and rcpllod (i laugh), I roso and replied (laughter) ; and wi kept up tho discussion for some three hours ti tho no small amusement of tho negroes, whi could no longer suhdua their satisfaction, but ni they departed exclaimed with a laugh-"Al Maasa Fursou him bo too many for buckra.' (Laughter.) You will ho gratified lo hear tba: I the proud wickod planter was found, after a fofl weeks nt the Mission house. Ha carno to meir a stato of deon ponltoiico, broken hearted, tolling mo hu luul hud no rest since 1 visited his. estate ho was on tho brink of desperation, hut beforo he committed a rash not determined to visit, mo and enquire whether I thought tho Lord would have nicroy upon' such a sinner ns he was. .1 replied, "Oh yes, you arc tho vory person Christ carno Into thc world to seek und to save.'' Ho staid with mc eomo days, during which timo I simpli- fied to him tho way of salvation. Ho was at length enabled lo lay hold of Cospel hopo und was justified by faith. Ho becaino n membor ol our Church, and in course of timo was called ta tho work of tho ministry. " During my recent visit to tho West Indies, I found him faithfully labouring ; and I felt .then moro than ever boforo, " Great is truth and it will prevail." There has always been much opposition to our mission, but tho Lord has odored His seal to our labours in tho conversion ol'thc peoplo. I know it has been s lid by some, that in tho West Indies, we do little more than proselytise people ; they are not saved by tho grace of God. I know where I am, and what 1 nm about to say, and I ailinn it witli solemnity mid sincerity, that 1 havo conversed not only with hundred!», tut with thousands of our peo,lo ; I havo seen thom in the field and in tho niurket, under tho direction of cruel mustera omi under the care of kind malters ; I have seen many of thom nfilictod, and no circtimst inccs calculated to develop their real characters ; and after years of observation, 1 nm prepared to assert with unquali- fied confidence, that the missionary converts in Jamaica would bo an honour anil an ornament to any section of tho Christian Church. (Cheers.) Our rellgious^mcotiiiL'S-lovo fenst?, as they aro culled-meetings of tho -nowbers of our diuretic?, aro always interesting assemblies. 1 have conducted meetinga of this kind when tlioro wore ahovo two thousand persons present, two-thirds of whom wera on their feet nt tho sanio limo anxious to glvo their Christian ex- perience, and to tell .of what groat things'Dod had dona for their souls. [Tho rev. gentleman then repeated somo tho quaint expressions of genuine Christian fouling uttered at these services, and proceeded to deierlbo ono of the iirst missionary moellngs held in tho Id'nnd of Jamaica.] Hitherto tho congregations had ou tlioao occasions been addressed from tho front of tho pulpit, wo now determined to havo a regular chairman, a platform, and ro3olu'ioiiP, everything In fact nccordlng to tho very best fashion. The chapel in which wo assembled hnd no roof, that being under repair ; but ovon this was a groat convenience, ns hundred?, for whom tlioro wus no room within tho building, eagerly wedged lu their black faces between the bare rafters ; so that from tho ridge pole to tho eaves we had a perfect covering of miman countenances. (Laughter.) It was ono of tho most interesting nnd thrilling sights I ever beheld. (Cheers.) A native of tho Emerald Isle declared that the chapel was crowded, insldo nnd outside. (Laughter.) But I must draw to n. conclusion. Our motto must bo "onward ;'" our watchword "onward;" nothing but "onward"' mtisrbo henrd throughout, tho missionary hosts. Our objeot boiug tho conversion of tho whola world, wo shall over hear tho spiritual wonts of tho heathen crying-" give, give ;" nor will they ? ever have hud oiioit< plored every continent of tho earth, regenerated evory pagan heart, gathered into Jehovah's toui plo evory heathen wanderer, and enriched Heaven, with tho precious spoils How noble, how vast, how glorious is tho design ! Is not tho attempt visionary and preposterous ? So any those who view tho enterprise, through tho microscopic eye of unbelief, and like tho faint-hearted spies of old, attempt to spread their chilling scepticism through tho camp of Israel. But thanks be to God, we have Calebs and Joshuas yet amongst us, who tell us to go up amd possess tho land, and are well able to conduct our slurs and to assure us that the difficulties in the way are not Insurmount- able. The citadels of darkness shall not stand before our attacks; though there be walls of fortification vouching to tho very lionvous, they shall treinblo and fall beforo tho Ark of tho Lord. [Tho revorond gentleman then briefly urged on tho mooting tho duty of a liberal contri bution to tho missionary cause, mid sat down amidst vchomont and prolonged oh cori nj;.] Tho Hov. JOHN EaaxESTONE road a lotter re- ceived from "A Viotoriau,"at present In Svdiioy, transmitting an order for u subscription of £25 ; ho also handed iu u. subscription, of £10 received from another gontlemnii. Tho Kev. Mr. Mourns moved the third reso lntion i That tliu Minuit» of tull) nicotlnir bo presented to tlio committee and Collectors, for tholr services Un rinn tho punt year, and ilmt tho following persons oonstllulo (Jiu Coinmltteo for tho present yunr, vi«: Treasurer, tho Superintendent of tho Circuit; Secretary, Mr. John Hocker ; Coiniulttuu, Messrs. J'lpor, Kellett, Caldwell, ll. NV. Alic», .T. Jones, CIIIIIIKIIIUI, Love, Hplur, JJu-wsou. O'.Vcil, Inder, J. Tebbutt, Hobblowlilto, »nd Curter. .Tho Hov. J. E001.ESTONE sccontlod tlio resolu- tion, wliicd was curried unanimously, . Tho ebnir having buen vacated, a voto of timuka to tho Chairman wus. movod bv tho Hov. Hr. ' TCCKKIKLD, and sccomled by tho Kev. Mr. CitAr I MAS, and onrricd by ucolamntion. i 'A hymn was then einig, uftor whloh tho meet { log separated. i At tho closo of tho mealing, a collection was made, when tho sum of £G9 4a. Cd. was sub' I scribed. . .' 