; ; dr;! CAHILi/S' LETTER. * T ' ? . {Concluded from our last.) ? ? ?ar.-mes the want, of legitimate' title to the Christian ^inheritance, arid you are -trying tQ insert, a word ' ?!? f:by fraud irtto your forged . deed. Why do you ? ''.not use'the other three marks of the true Church; ''va&id; call yourselves ';One.;Holy, ^Catholic, and Apostolic.'' '??Ah-, reckless as you are in your ! ' *;siirrmtions. vou sire afraid of the iibes of the .' '?historian to assume the other three marks. -As 'long ':as your interminable' (750) 'changes in-faith : are recorded, it would be injudicious to invest your Church \vith. the attribute of unity — as. long as the public reads the .plunder of the abb6ysj and hears the universal spoliation of the poor— while tie red gibbet of Elizabeth surmounts your com-; mun on table, and while your modern' towers -'? pullislr your recent origin, it. would be' drawing ? rather too largely on the public- credulity to .stifle this glaring evidence of your sins and character, and to' call yourselves ? Qne Holy; Catholic,' and - Apostolical. No, no, you are too clever and discerning to attempt : this palpable' impostures ami hence you are content to :assume' slyly .'the ' iMIl^AG bCXlll V-'ClUHUi.lU , ClllU. LUUd JUU tiluwvl'UUl to regain the place you haye forfeited, and repair the connection you have broken. But,. gentle- men, this dodge will, not do — you may impose on your own flocks,' who don'tknow you as well as ? we do : but as- long .-as I am.plac.ed as a sentinel at the. ivy doors of the old Church you shall :not enter under- false colours. ..Come in your own ; clothes as Protestant. Ministers,! parliamentary ambassadors,' modern Biblemeri, from a petty . -district,;. you ; shall assume- the mark'. of the uni versality : of time.and place while I am present. Like sparrows hatched in an eagle!s nest, I shall ?teach you that, ..although. ..you.. have been born near us, you haye. neither the shape, colour, or ' ' genealogy of the royal 'breed of the 'apostles under whose wings, 'your Church has been fraudulently introduced and nurtured into an: illegitimate ex- istence. Whenever, therefore, you may in future honour me with any communication-, may I beg you will announce yourselves in your Protestant profession: appear in your own modern dress — assume your own parliamentary' titles— and do not add to your former prevarications' to the living by coming how in ''the' end of time- laden with the spoils of the dead? Dress yourselves like Luther and Calvan, and Knox,-and Cranmer; come with the sword in your- hands like Zuing- lius, and with an axe like your first apostles; don't assume the Holy Cross ; do not put on the robes of Jerome or Crysostom ; do not,for shame, rob the dead of their hoary honours ; do not ' appear in the unsullied robes of the 'Apostles whom your. ancestors have betrayed ; do not wear the crowns of More and Fisher, won- on the block, which your Gospel had erected. This passage brings me in presence of the second part of your note. In consequence of the -existence of an infal lible authority framing our laws and promul- gating our Faith, it would be' clearly an act of the most ' palpable inconsistency to subject to your decision or to the award of a public meeting of fallible men the doctrines, already fixed by an unerring tribunal. You are true to your prin ciples in seeking and yielding to this decision since private judgment is your first principle; but I cannot subject my Faith to such a standard, believing, as I do that a living authority' has been permanently appointed in- the Church of Christ invested with a- command from Heaven to teach all men, and sustained by the' official pre sence, of the Holy Ghost, as a legislative qua rantee for the immutable truth of its decisions. There are no passages in the Scriptures on- any subject of Divine Faith put forward in stronger or more emphatic language than -these -parts of revelation which enforce the permanent unchange able existence and practical agency of this tribu--, nal, The existence of Christ, or the facts of the Cross, the Resurrection and Ascension, are not expressed 'in' a- 'clearer official enactment than the record of this living court of infallible decision. I can no more doubt the' existence of the Saviour than' disbelieve this official perrogative of 'the Church of Christ. I believe the one with the ? same precise amount of evidence I believe the . other, and if you' bring a doubt on the authority .of this'-' court, you necessarily call in question all the other parts ; of the record of salvation. So. perfectly logical is ? this-: inference that history sjustains/imy assertions on this vital point; and it is quite- true to say that, since, the fatal period of your separation, and since you first- preached the overthrow of this first principle, you have opened the floodgates of latitudinarianism, and filled every Protestant country in Europe with wild rational ism and naked infidelity. In a thousand years hence, when Protestantism will be only recollected in name, like Arianism, or any of the other varieties of human wickedness or folly, the future Ecclesiastical historian will write the thrilling record— namely, that of all the phases of irreligion which have appeared on the earth, the Anglican heresy has inflicted the deepest wound on revela tion from its encouragement to human pride, and its official flattery of human passion. Human reason in its practical workings has never been the same in the same country, the same age, or even the same man. If we except the truths of mathematical science, human reason is ever changing, and I think it ought to be readily ad mitted that a God of right justice and truth could never build the unerring enactments of revelation and salvation on a -shifting basis of such a varia- ble construction Within' the 'last twenty-five years I have sel dom' read the' proceedings of any Protestant as- sembly on matters of religion, which: the principal topics have not been viz,- 'The usurped infallibility of the -Church' of Rome, and the new articles of Faith 'of the Roman Church.' The ancient Protestant Clergy of Ireland, did not. utter these falsehoods— they: lived contented with their titles, and enjoyed their glebes,- and drunk . their 'claret without this eternal calumny of the plundered Catholics. ' But within the : last quar ter of a century a swarm of young Clerical. aspi-». rants invade- all the public places, stand in all the . thoroughfares, and are' heard 'on: the four winds roaring and bawling,- wherever you turn, -against, the Church of Rome. They are to, be seen :at all the Protestant printshops, bookstands, railroad' stations, bazaars, excursion trips, botanical, reunions ; and, I dare say, you will admit the powerful fact, that they have no conversation, no entertainments, ' for all who have 'the misfortune to come within the range of their Clerical contact, save one ceaseless indecent abuse, misrepresen tation, and calumny of the principles of the Catholic creed. And I am quite willing to admit that these gentlemen are persons of finished edu cationarid of delicate' truth, and of elegant court esy in their social character on most other points; but, in reference to -: Catholicity, ; they, are: not ashamed to utter statements too foolish to be noticed, or to gross to be told. ? Having appa rently no parochial duties, to discharge, their sole, occupation seems to be calumniating their Ca tholic neighbours, and- forging mis-statements of the Catholic Clergy, who never speak a word of offence to them either' in our public or private social intercourse. We cannot in these days instruct our people without public insult, nor can we defend our doctrines from misrepresentation without sickening challenges from schoolboy de claimers; raw jejune Clerical graduates seeking notoriety in the service of God (?) by falsehood, malignity and sedition. This is a painful state of society; the conduct of your brethren , on this subject has since formed the topic of public con- demnation, even throughout Europe, and has, by its excess and extravagance, nauseated the public taste, and, beyond all doubt, has raised the spirit of inquiry in the detection of this indecent im posture and now universal exposure. I am led into these observations by your remarks on the creed of Pius IV., in which you assert that novelties have- been introduced into- our ?Faith. ? ? Gentlemen, in all the public speeches and writings of. your brethren, they all (I hope not through calumnious ? design) make one cori\mon mistake, viz.— you call 'a new decision of coun cil' by :the name of a new act of Faith, an addi tion- to, the old creed.- It is not so. The new doetrine' than the evidence of a new one ; it is the collected expression of theolcf belief of the Church embodied ma new decree ; so that, so far from being' an evidence of a' new thing, it is, on the contrary, an' inevitable demonstration of an old thing. It is the; official application of an old truth arid principle to1 soriie new heretic or some .new error; so that, while the heretic is new to whom it is addressed, and the case is new to which it is applied, the principle and the truth so applied is' ipso facto already known as the statue of the Church, and ten thousand' new cases niay be settled by one old principle, just as the Chancellor settles the unnumbered new cases 'pf his co'uTt, without adding one title to the old statue law of England. When Moses brought down from. Mount Sinai, the Ten Commandments, embodied in a written decree from God, will any man assert that this was the first, time for twenty five centuries that men; received the Command ments of God ? Certainly, it was the first written decision of God that men ever saw ; but will any man say this was a new Faith of morality received under the Theoarchy, and that this was the first time when God forbid the' crimes of murder,, adultery, robbery, perjury, and idolatry, &c.; ? If, then, our doctrine of an infallible tribunal be true as it is, it follows that a general council, 'directed by the Holy Ghost,: stands in similiar circumstances (as far as revelation goes) with this Theoarchy, and hence that these new deci sions, so far from being new acts of Faith; are, on the contrary, the best evidence of the already universally received opinions on the point decided. All the new decisions of the Church 'against Arianisin and Pelagianism, and the decisions on the substantiality of the Son with the Father, and all' the decrees oh the natures and person of Christ, are all . nearly expressed in one sentence in the Creed — ' I believe in Jesus Christ, His only Son; who was- conceived by the Holy Ghost, and born of the Virgin Mary, was crucified, dead and buried, and rose again on the third day. from the' dead and ascended into Heaven. I believe in the holy Catholic Church, &c;, &c.;' ; This short sentence, with- some few additional ; texts form,' if I may so. speak, the statue laws On the varied decisions alluded to. ' In fact, all the new decisions, such as your brethren allude to, and such as you have referred to in the point at issue, are merely so many legitimate deducibles from the record of revelation subjected ' to this competent, authority, and settled and, published by. a decree' fourided on the ancient,truths of Christ's Gospel 'as taught by the Apostles. The Catholic rule of Faith, therefore, is the Word of Gody interpreted and taught iby' this living- authority, as-it was from- the beginning ; and this rule is so clear, so obvious,- so cpmpre hensive, and so easily attainable that, with a penny Catechism in your, hand, and in the Society of a Priest, the accredited officer, you can learri, to your perfect satisfaction,' our' entire Faith, it$ construction, ,-plan, and, , indefectible, legislative guarantees, within the short space of one, .hour; arid ..the .authorised -version of; any .portion' of Holy Writ is to be learned, not' so much from ife philosophical or philological construction, or from its inferential adjustment, andits, substantial agreements ? with the .'..known truths . ( already be lieved and taught in connection with the passages under..the; examination referred to. . We.do not re ceive our Faith from disputing, contentious school masters, but from ordained Priests; we are' occu- pied with.the substance, not the names of things ; Ave take our F.aith from the guaranteed inspira tion of the Holy Ghost, not from the inflections and the rules of grammar : and ais the Incarnation and Death of . Our Lord . are beyond our reason, we have no idea of consulting that same reason in.laws beyond its reach .no more. than in mys teries which it cannot comprehend. ' In' conclusion, I 'beg to assure you that I have felt riruch complimented by your attendance at my lecture on the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and I have felt rather, honoured by the united note- of five Protestant Clergymen, transmitted to. me through the. courtesy of the Protestant Archdeacon of liaphoe, andy the brother-in-law of 'our late Viceroy. I have not, I hope, in any word which escaped me at that lecture uttered any sentiment which could offend, and' I, here, disclaim again; intending to say one Word in this note (beyond my professional duty) -to give. the. smallest uneasi ness to gentlemen towards whom I feel much personal- respect, and to, whom I beg unfeignedly to offer the expression of high and, distinguished consideration. — I have ' . the honour tb be, , Rev. Sirs', your obedient servant, ' ' D. W. Cahill, D.D. P.S. — As youMve gratuitously orig-inated this, correspondence, you can have' no claim on me for its continuance, and ' therefore; I ?' respectfully . decline ;takirtg any further notice of- any letters which you may do me the honour to send. to: me, in' future. 