The Streets of Sydney, WITH SOME ACCOUNT OF THE HOUSES THEREOF, AND THE PEOPLE WHO DWELL THEREIN. BY HOOKE. Y. WALKER, A very extensive Traveller. CHAPTER III. A Wonderful Tale of Wooloomooloo, related to me by Mr Nicholas Dubbo over a composing draft of brandy, cold without. "I never could tell a story from the hour I was born;" premised my friend modestly. "I want common assurance, as the lawyers say-- divil the word of a lie in that; I inherited, d'ye understand me, considerable personal attractions from my much respected parents, with a large share of accomplishments; but sorra a bit of tongue; and this impediment of speech is my work a-head. Like Samson's foes I have always been beaten by the jawbone of an ass; and dis- (?) in the race of life by hacknied roarers. By the hokey--(I don't mean to be personal, Walker)--if I had the powers of that Princess with the long name in the Arabian Nights, I should have talked myself into a Sydney Knight or some such illustrious title long ago. I read hard at school, but was never able to repeat a lesson; in maturer years my friends, when short- handed at whist, invariably selected dummy for my partner; in the debating club I was dubbed Dubbo, the silent member. I once tried to awaken the wonderful echoes of Killarney, yet all the answer I got from them was, "Why the divil don't you spake, man?" I might have been married long ago, but I could not find tongue to propose; and may I be hanged, presuming I were called upon to study that law of descent, if I could give the Judges a reason why I should not be. You know my weakness, old fellow, therefore don't expect me to request you to re- plenish your tumbler--the bottle is next your fist." At the conclusion of this "silent oration" a cloud of thought and cigar smoke stole over the countenance of Mr Dubbo, which, however, was speedily sponged out by an application of the potent fluid standing before him, and he re- sumed. "Shakespeare would preach "sermons in stones" vainly to me, and a Bishop "bid me discourse" without any chance of success. I have chewed the pebbles of Demosthenes, and swallowed Murray's Grammar, but could never find my parts of speech." Here Mr Dubbo threw out an interjection which rather disproved his assertion. "By ------! Walker, if I had a pronouncing dictionary, I'd beat 'the Tatler' by chalks. But 'tis no use talking; an unhappy fatality sur- rounds me--pass the bottle, old fellow." "At all events," I remarked, "you have escaped the character of a tell-tale." "Och, you're there, are you? Funny dog! I catch the idea; waiting for the story of Woo- loomooloo. Here goes at it, through the silence of the night. Once upon a time--never mind the exact chronology--there lived in this neigh- bourhood--the precise spot is not of any conse- quence--a highly respectable elderly gentleman who indulged in the name of--call him Grigg for shortness. He was, however, far from being as lively as one of those piscine delicacies upon its introduction to a gridiron; on the contrary, Grigg was anything but a merry man; he was a staid, serious, steady going customer, who wouldn't do a bill without half a score of good names at the back of it, to save you from a cart load of on. sas. and fi. fas. Not that we know much about such unpleasant little scraps. Mrs Gregg was her husband's ditto, with, if pos- sible, a trifle more of the verjuicy flavour about her; just the sort of person that few travellers would select for a Vade Mecum, unless it were for the pleasure of seeing her smothered in an avalanche, run over by a railway train, or blown up in a steamboat. Notwithstanding her defects, she suited Grigg, as she looked after the cheese parings and other trifling articles of home con- sumption mighty well, and vented most of her storms of ill-humour upon Margaret, their single servant maid. Poor creature! Sad fate! But I must not anticipate. "I cannot exactly say whether she was an Irish orphan or a Distressed Needlewoman; she certainly had a touch of the brogue, and a capi- tal eye in her head, and numbering work she did with the pair of them. Members of Council, Military gentlemen, Government officers, mer- chants, clerks, assistant drapers, and errant gold-diggers as they passed by Grigg's garden gate strove to catch a glimpse of Margaret. Such standing in stirrups and on tiptoes, such peeping and peering through chinks and cre- vices, were never seen in Wooloomooloo before, and, perhaps, will not be again, to the end of time. Mr Prince, the Australian Adonis, as he was termed, fell into such a pining, declining state, that he was compelled to visit England for the recovery of his health. He endeavoured to transplant Margaret, and set her in his own vineyard, but his efforts were fruitless; the grapes then became too sour for his constitution. D'ye understand me?" I pleaded ignorance of the meaning of this mysterious allusion, which excited a slightly petulant answer. "By the powers, you're as dull as a mudheap. Margaret's tinder heart had been lighted by another spark; so she put the extinguisher on his flame. Mr Prince went out under those cir- cumstances, of course, full of envy. Try another sip of brandy--it is a capital thing at a pinch, old fellow. From this brief abstract of the Grigg propensities, you may be sure Margaret had a very indifferent time of it She was hard worked; dieted upon the homœpathic system; scolded most liberally; mewed up like a suspected cat; and a Sunday out was an enormity not to be mentioned. Despite all these annoyances, she managed to keep in capital all-work condition, ready to run for a cup or a maiden plate with every chance of not being dished. There was a mystery about this to which Mrs Grigg could not find the key. She invariably locked up the pantry, and in order to make the "safe bind, safe find" principle doubly sure, carved private marks in the comestibles to discover if they had been tampered with. Her pains were useless. On reproduction of the viands, the Grigg notches were found as firm as Robinson Crusoe's cal- endar. Even this did not quench the inveterate (?) of suspicion on the mind of the mistress. Margaret continued to increase in plumpness, whilst Mrs Grigg was dwindling into the tenuity of a rush light; an inversion ratio which puzzled her reasoning faculties. But she vowed she might be whipped like a top if she did not find the bottom of it, and determined to force Grigg into joining her Vigilance Committee--a task of no trifling difficulty, as, although he minded his Ps and Qs, he always looked out for his ease at home, a wise principle, which you and I see clearly ought to be adopted. D'ye understand me, Walker!" "It chanced upon a raw and gusty night, when the moon was hid behind a sooty cloud, like a fritter beneath a frying-pan; and the trees were bowing their heads politely to each other as the rushing gale passed over them, and their branches seemed much inclined to hop the twig; and the two policemen deputed to guard the thousand houses of Wooloomooloo from burg- larious attacks, and four square miles of territory from robbery and murder, were snoring, fearless of the Inspector's whistle, under the cozy veran- dah of a green grocer's shop, their favorite dor- mitory--it was on just such a night that Mrs Grigg determined to turn her husband's feather- bed into a pillow of thorns, by worrying him into the embrace of her operations. Grigg was fast asleep, but a few touches on the ribs from the sharp angle of her arm soon roused him from his somnolency. "What the devil is in the wind, now?" ex- claimed the irritated spouse, in a disturbed Napoleon voice. "Mr G., I'm astonished to hear such diabolical expressions fall from your mouth. A pretty ex- ample you would set to your children--if you had any;" replied his better half with a sneer. Grigg murmured a vote of thanks for the scarcity of claims upon his estate of paternity. "No wonder," she continued, administering an extra dose of aloes, "with such notions, that things go on as they do in this house. You see me fretting myself to skin and bone; but you don't care about it--not you!" "You are wrong there, Mrs G., I feel it acutely at times," responded Grigg, recollecting the unpleasant nudges which had broken his rest. "None of your jeers, if you please, Mr G.; the affair is beyond a joke; and you'll find it out to your cost, as sure as eggs are eggs." "What mare's nest have you discovered, now?" "One that will hatch you plenty of mischief; but you men are all alike; you are blind as beetles." "I don't want any of your spectacles," growled the offended Grigg. "Of course not; such folks as you are sharp as needles." "Mrs G., come to the point at once. In one word, who are you driving at?" "Margaret!" replied Mrs Grigg quickly. "Margaret! What has she been doing-- spilling the milk?" "No." "Dipping her fingers into the sugar basin?" "No." "Demolishing the crockery?" "No." "Upsetting the Ebenezers in the parlour?" "No." "Asking for an advance in wages?" "No." "Winking at a policeman?" "No." "Mrs Grigg," cried the exasperated spouse, springing suddenly from his couch, as if about to take an aerial flight through the ceiling-- "you are enough to drive a man out of his senses. A minute since you were all tongue, and now you are nothing but Noes. What in the name of the---- hem! and Dr. Faustus would you do with Margaret?" "Take her down a peg!" replied Mrs Grigg, solemnly.'' "Whew! she's too jolly for you; cuts it ra- ther fat! eh! my dear!" said the old gentleman, restored to his better humour. "She is too fat, Mr G., and I shrewdly sus- pect"------. ''She is not so thin skinned as yourself." "I shrewdly suspect that it is not honestly come by; in fact, Mr Grigg, if you will make me speak out, I suspect she has found an entry into our larder. I am sure she would not make any bones of it." "She would not make much else if she got there;" urged Grigg ironically. "Pooh! Psha! Pish! Mrs G., the thing's impossible. You lock the place too carefully for that." "But there are such articles as duplicate keys. Now suppose Margaret has formed an acquain- tance with one of those vagabonds we read of in the newspapers, who can open all the wards of the city with a wax key, or something of that sort. And suppose"------ "You let me resume my sleep, which has been broken by your absurd ideas. There, turn round, and don't breathe hard. Not another word, Mrs G., I will have my natural rest," said Mr Grigg, sternly, decidedly, finally. But Mr Grigg's imperative mood was not all potential. Ere he could settle his night cap com- fortably, a crash resounded through the house, sounding fearfully like the falling mills in the ears of Don Quixote. A dreadful noise and clatter, mixed with female screams, struck terror into the hearts of the pair. The fear of being robbed, however, overcame their timidity. Mr Grigg jumped out of bed; struck a light; donn- ed his inexpressibles, and armed himself with a boot-jack, which was the handiest implement of warfare he could find. Mrs. Grigg turbanned herself in a flannel petticoat, and followed her husband with faltering steps; she was afflicted with what old ladies, term "a creepy, crawly feel," and wished herself at Jericho, or some other locality equally remote from Wooloomooloo. By all that's handsome, I should have preferred a safety cab in such a moment of peril, Walker; I should indeed. I couldn't fancy myself in so ticklish a stuation for the life of me. Grigg pushed against the kitchen door (I forgot to tell you, Margaret roosted in the culinary depart- ment,) and found some impediment to his en- trance. A few vigorous thrusts removed the difficulty; then what a scene of horror was pre- sented. There stood Margaret in a corner en- veloped in a blanket, with her hair standing on end, and pale as a spectre, whilst pots, pans, and dish-covers were strewed about in all directions, looking, as if some desperate conflict had taken place. "What's it all about, Margaret?" exclaimed the Grigg's simultaneously. "Wirra stru, masther! Och, 'tis the bad luck that come over me! I'm murthered--clane kilt, and utherly undone. Wirra, stru! and 'tis why did I lave my own quite counthry to be aten up by black cannibals and the likes of sich croco- dhiles. Och! murther, murther;" cried Mar- garet, as if her heart were breaking. "Be composed, my good girl; no one will eat you here, plump as you are. What has caused this fright and confusion?" enquired Grigg. "Och shure masther dear! 'tis meself as can't get a wink of slape in the house for the Ghost;" responded she in a mixed tone of moan, groan, and sob. "Only a Ghost, hey! I thought it was some- thing more material. I'll soon lay his Ghost- ship!" said Grigg, valorously. "Och, masther, don't mock the Ghost; faith an 'tis mighty powerful." "Fudge--only let me set eyes on it, and I'll soon exorcise it without book or candle." "Och, there it is!" screamed Margaret. "Where?" ejaculated the startled Grigg. "There! there!" responded she, describing a circle with her finger. Grigg had only time to perceive a tall, gaunt form, clothed in dark vestments, emerge from behind the kitchen door, ere the candlestick was knocked out of his hand, the light extinguished, and he himself laid prostrate on the floor, with Mrs Grigg by his side. Fear nailed them to the spot till morning dawned, when the twain arose from their recumbency, stiff and sore from the battering they had undergone. "But what became of poor Margaret?" I en- quired with much sympathy, for her grievous troubles. "By the jabers that would puzzle a priest to tell, I'm thinking. Sorra bit of vestige was left of her. My opinion is, the Ghost spirited her away." "Was there nothing found on the premises which could remove the preposterous idea of a supernatural visitation?" "Nothing to speak of. Grigg certainly found a dark lantern, or a bull's eye one, and a curi- ously shaped Scotch cap, in the kitchen, which did not belong to him. Of course, it were pre- posterous to imagine a ghost would walk about with such articles of wearing apparel. I'm very unwilling to give up the Ghost. A few months after the dreadful affair somebody said, some other body told him, that some one had seen somebody very like Margaret in Melbourne, with a remarkably fine babby in her arms; and that she was married to a lucky gold digger, who rocked the cradle while she sewed buttons on his shirts. But this could only be a fetch, Walker! Besides she was so much thinner!" "It is a strange story, Mr Dubbo, and reminds one somewhat of the 'Rogueries of Nicholas,' which I once saw played." "On the modesty of an Irish gentleman, there is not the slightest similarity in the performances. If I could talk I'd soon convince you of that. Faith, the bottle is empty, but we can easily re- place it in this land of spirits, as Father Mathew terms this colony." I declined the offer, and bade my hospitable friend farewell. As I traced my path homewards I meditated much upon this "Wonderful Tale of Wooloomooloo," and the hallucination of my friend, who had talked himself into the idea of being a remarkably silent man. (To be continued.) 