THE HORRORS OF DEMOCRACY. To the Editor of the People's Advocate. Sir, — Deeply impressed with the fearful horrors which have resulted from the carrying out to the full of that principle which in our own folly wo used to think part and parcel of the British Constitution, but which certain laborious orators in our Counoil nave cieariy proven to De a vice utterly toreign to it, viz., " tuat the people are the only source of legitimate power." So impressed —I will, if you please, hold up for the warning of that filthy thing the sweaty people (under so muoh muck-flinging, excuse it, I pray you, if its odour be not of loser,) a few of those fearful horrors, some of which I have seen, and none of which tho greatest mob- driver of them all cau di-ny to exist in the Statesof America. In which federation, notwithstanding the clever bair-oplitting prac tised by certaiu lawyers. " The constitutional sense of the word people" is just the common, sense of every free man. And let me premise that I leave, out of account for the present, the question of slavery, only reminding you, first, that slavery was not established by the wicked Demoorats who coucooted that thing called the Federal Constitution, but wae found by them existing in full vigour; and, secondly, that in ju3t one half of the States, not only » slavery unknown to the laws, but the people of those states risked a civil war on the question, at the time of the admission of California to the number of the Confederation. In a political view f the effects of Democracy, then it will be fair to take the whole I the Union— but for a moral view, we ought in fairness to take the Free States only, because they were not pre-cursed by an established slavery. Pardon then ye unwashed, this awful f&ot.; That uuder a pure democracy, a tew scattered colonies, planted by exiled Englishmen, have in half a century risen to a confederacy out of all proportion the moBt powerful iu the world— most powerful because best able to bear the taxes necessary for the sinews of war. Powerful! What will it be when in sixteen years is has again doubled its population. Again, under this pure Democracy, the Union is become rich as a people, and rich beyond computation as a governmsnt — not weighed down by debt and nobles and standing armies, like the emasculated Governments of Europe, but with an elastioity unpressed by taxes, yet ready to bear them to any amount tn a popular war. Yet, again, under the pure democracy a state of morals has bees arrived at, unparrelleled in the history of the world. The criminal statistics of the Northern States are a sufficient proof of this, but withall take this significant faet, that so much in advance of the rest of the world are some of these States as to have prohibited tho sale of intoxicating drinks— the hue and cry that would put down any such an attempt in any other part of the world, is a olear evidence ot their comparative moral state. Education, too, is universal — pauperism udkuowu. w no ever saw a lansee pastern States man) who could not read and write ? Who ever saw u native American beggar ? Such then is the very naked shadow, of the ghost, of a sketch of what Democracy has made the United States. 1 have statistics at hand in proof of all these matters, but of what use would they be, when the facta are patent to all the world. Look then at this sketch, and pursue the subject in the books of your libraries, and the more you pursue it, the more you will be likely to feel your great self denial in scorning a similar prosperity, if it cau be procured only by a pure Democracy. I too greatly admire your self denial, and the more so when I consi der " Cai bono " it tends. Never mind, Church and State for ever, and d— — a all expenses, even if 5 millions for the one, and million for the other, as in England. Finally, greasy caps, do you wonder now that your Aristocratical friends in Council have such a horror of everything American? Would they be mean enough to institute a beggarly economical government like the States? A stupid, plodding, business-doing Government, making roads by the 10,000 miles, and railroads by the 1000 miles, like the StateB ? In short that they had rather take a bad government from the Devil than a good one from America ? Don't wonder at it, it is perfectly natural. America 1 NewAnge-land ! At the name every despot, great and little, from the Autocrat of all the Russian, on his throne, to the Member for all the cattle in an Australian Constituency — impelled by a sure fraternity of instinct yells and crouches. Well they may — let such over all our Planet, " learn, mark, and digest " this appalling fact that at the last Session of Congress it was a grave subject of debate, whether the time had not come, for the YouDg Giant to throw off the swaddling clothes of non- intervention, and to step out boldly to the relief of the oppressed, anywhere and everywhere. And when the good time comes, which is coming; when they shall rise unsmutcbed by slavery, (their inheritance from Monarchy), and going westward shall shake hands with England coming east — when thus the Anglo Saxon race, with political and religious freedom (aB now, so then, ihhihs alone) in its train, shall encircle the earth — then — what then ? — " Theu comes the end," at least of despots, perhaps of more than despots or despotism. To such a consummation not obscurely point the signs of the times. But as we can't approve of anv dcmoratical movement like that sort of miilinium — why— S. X. 