TABLE-MOVING. If Engii.h h.,.oaes were rootl as some ,ee- - h?sses are, with ,laca, and if ~n-.e seine as superior to ousrelrea as we arte to the manufte tur rs of h?rer ro?ul east his inquiring eyv into Pre.-as of ItsIe nllssiooe, one after another, ho trol proihah!y hI mysfiifl hr ohber.inr sIpeci mren of the hamin raee sittine or tan:linoe qhietly rond thables of various forms and size., with their hanls arrang?e in soame pee nr ft?-hion. anparently anwa't'ng a result. In ;,dl pirt of the .oml.try. in all eitc'es of soeiety, et any leiEnre maOnrent--oee.tsinalle in the inte!vals of blnineras- Eng!ishdmen. finiih or cl.vrer, it nnrant or instruete.l, eeize the opportunitv -f arranging themselves roald tables with hal As osstematieall poel thereon, and await the mating of the table! Sometimes, indeed, it is round hat that the human creatures eo,!rect, sr?m'imer round one of their own species; hbut all with the stame ass?ire eapectance. L~n do they wait, and the taile nnmores not: and then the Enlishman, whether the statesman in the most reoponsibhe post of ofie, or the h"ltn:lest of I his ela=. coe:CRals hi; mortifc.ation, eisher in s:n.e eser?.lizinz terms, imp!ving the old matsi, " hetter ln:l next time," or in levelling at oth-es the ridicn!t which he himself feels I.e has in earre.l. That pas=ive attempt in table-movin is prob?bly the mont extensively-shared ncnps tier in the t.ritish islanls at the present mvnoret; r.al in some reioeets it must, be regardled, to those who are fruitlesly ,waitin rolln I the table wi'hant n? mn-h as pulo hia a bottle, as the greatest "sfll" of the dr y. The origin of this eenupation wlhich hI? so s.melon!l devels;,el itself amongst no, althon.h not entirely unknown, is in some degree shrondedl in obiasritr. The aw nrational eas;:n was fir.t im:rrtel to us from America. thoulh Ger many alia claims the orig'n of the invention. Se.tntifte and le-rnel Germanst have giren a srteomnatie air and a ritios'!e to .i' pesetire wh!ch more pronabl orniginated amon.s, the mesmersts. c!airmov.ts.? andl rhp-olists of Ameri~n . S?ersat Poarhkeptie wiho he n with c'airroyant dee.,mins nowle- melrnerie influences, after the minnee of the Yestly.s of Creation or H:tmbol.t's Cosmrn , acq,.irel a -eat &c;'at, an:= sa lece. or sytemati religions dii-ity was gien to c!airvnrance. New mnipultions were otrnlrk out in the course of which, as it seems probable to no, "the spirits"n mnmiretel their pre-ce i?s lnnexpectel rappings, ndl the taboes eomn their cantrip dInees. Tie who'e cl.so of intoenreo has obtait4 g'reat celebrity in the l-tid eirrt b'ie, Iecomes foshionable, anl de eide.lyv eoll:ets a pa-ty in the s'ate. The P.sppites of the new order,-net to he e?nfonon!rd with the fe'lowers of the soialist aMr. Rapp, who h Is losea e?ndndtwl so Qorish:ng a conmmunit r. have ea~tsMi.hteil reral onrn:la, in which there are leadlin articles "by the spirits,' In the whole of these mnifrestat'cns there ar. uro-n thinrg which are matters of fact and some th:ngs whieh are matters of qquestion. Taps are herdl - that is f?et; but whether thenr -e mule by spirits or hr the toe of the foot, is the qnestion chieflr mootel. Rhapsori;e are eItoed, mehit resemhling tnmbolit or the Vestiges; but whether they are intnitiva or erammaed, that is the point of the debate. Tables are moved ; but whether by mr?cn!ear a-tion, or hr the spirits, or something else, thiat is the question at isane: and this la.t it is which m r-st orages the English intellect, faum D ,wnin Street to the Old B ilerV. Ti s spee?es of metal exceite-ment seizinz the whole world. is not.qite new in hiertry. We hire hal por .ysms of it before, and aelentifle historians say, that -.eh portents precede great snecial revo!ttioos. If so, we may conclude, from the amount of the delirinm at the present moment, that our political system is about to hecome a tabula rosa. But probably these generatizinz conelusions of psendo-seience are not the least empirical or donhtfnl part of the matter. in the ever-.dvancing tide of science there is a point, the surf of its wave, abhot which are consl?ttly cofnieting. scientifec Or-' hdoxy, wild m ination Fanaticism, and mapture ; the four dis,mte the great wasifs an e°st-y, and the four are as often defeated they disote. By the time the tide has mad its next high-water mark, all of them have had their rebuke: Imposture is detected and lies wreek: Orthodoxy, which has denied the es istence of some floating fiet, is refuned bh tb faTt lying naked at its feet; Fnaticlm flies of still to rebel amid the fotr of the quarrel.. some surf; and Imaginatiuon keeps its waryward flight upon the wimns. Perhaps, after these little combat., Orthodox Science as often looto foolish as the others. It is as dntgerus to proononce upon what cannot he as upon what i. T'here is not a single important discoverh no finmiliar to science that has not at one timbeer derived byh Orthodoxy as as an impturead, what is worse, a poerility. and The truth is, that in all these ranetioas there is sometlhing to interest the inquirer: if it were nothing mere than a commotion of the human underetanding, the cause of tht .co.nmotion is worth dlisimnpssianed not., to disem?er what it is It is often something, differe.t fram what it appears to he on the surface. The highest dis coveries of huneo science have cone at frst in distinetly from the dreams of empiries and finatis:; and science, when hastening to its ionclnuinns as rashly as empiricism, : as wrong Rhapsnlical persons collect ronnd a table, raps are heardl, and at once it is pnono c d1 that they are the manifestations of ' spirits." What if these spirits can only commune with us throag? the most childish of eonnrirances-do they not answer is we canId wish? Do they not -asanr Mr. Robert Owen, 3Mr. Robert Or,,e. f or exampi, as he has annonieee l in pint, that we areatnout to leave the present irrational state of society and to adopt a more rational state," &c.; and can anvthi;og he moreo onvincin-Tto Mr. Robert Owen? He hnas it m r over o~ the anthority of Ienj.amin Franklin, whom he ascertains to he one of the spirits vonuchin for this prophecy o It is t-ne that the s:irits who can only comma nicate througnh "a 3Mediun" y menms of an al rIha:hot, the correct letters of which her indicate hb tap:inig, are thus reduneeal to the level of little children at their accidenea, or rather to that of " the Lerne:l Piz i" which is a homilia tins position for the ghost of one so familiar with letters as Benjamin Franklin mast have Ieon. Nevertheless, the answer exactly accords with the experiences, past and fursre. of Mr. Robert Owen. Q. e. d. Scientifi Orthodoxy prolnonces that this is done by the toe, or some other equally timiliar machinery; and yet when Ornhodlx is chlallengel to the proof, it fails to point on: the l .ealnt toe, falls balck upon the elltew?, and wanders from every conceivable device, until it retires triumphant to a presnued ar r.n"em?:n' of "bones" in the ncket, a Ia Pell. It is Pectricity, says Yonng Science; hut how does Youngl S'Irnce know? Again. the tables more, and, according to the Rappites, the spirits are "pcroved.7 It is a miritrle the creation of Hayden. No, cries otun, Scence, it is electricity. Pish! exclaims erey-haired Orthoiloxy, it is imposture, or at the lest "uncensc'ons mau-eular action ;" and, as fairly hewildered as Imposture or Fanaticism, keen self.-possesed Philosophy confesses that it does not ktoe whether it is itself pauhing the hint or not ! It is not the hat, hbut the head that is turned. Confesseedly. Imards too have been moved. luthl- what agency? 3Mr. Staftlrd might throw light tnoon thin snl:jrtr, the manipulatioa of Ihardis If, as the nea light assures us, any kind of table can Ie turned, of course the power must inc!inle st:cisical tables; and we mar then ask for the experie"ces of the Don]l of Trade. Rlll!y, it is a question for a Select Committee, and onr Parliamentarv library will he ineomplete n'oeis we ii. r: a thick th?e-hook on Rapping and Table.mo:'ing.-Spectet ,r. 