The Unsuccessful Man ; or Pas-1 sages in the Life of Tilbury ííogo, Esq. i »r rosoi.ovE. I f Continued from our last.J After such n day of agitation ns that which be- held my first interview with Kate, in lier new ca- pacity, and my long and confidential walt with Airs. '.Montague Forbes, it is no wonder that the broken slumbers which visited my pillow were short and unrcfrcshiiig to my excited system. Disturbed and pantomimic dreams in which con- fused and changing scenes and figures crowded themselves inexplicably on my brain, were suc- ceeded, by an attack of obstinate wakefulness, ¡ that no chango of position, no nmount of tossing { and turning could overcome or modify. It was a mild winter's night, such a night as precedes "n line hunting morning," and the soft South-west wind sighed mournfully around tho house, ns it drove the heavy vapour-laden clouds gently athwart thc struggling moon-beams ; now parti- ally veiling, now totally obscuring ber light. It ¡ was a night for .an adventure of love or war, but no night to be lying wide awake on a restless bed. That cursed clock-how it ticks ! I shall ask Topthonie to stop it-I know Ins sister will, if I only menti n it. Ah ! I might do worse than come to an understanding at omic with her-and that little jilt Kate-how it would pique her, and servo her right. Well, it is no usc, but I suppose I must try to got to sleep ngain." Such were the dispirited thoughts that half rose in broken mur- murs to my lips, when horror ! curdling my blooil nnd fi cozing my marrow, carno tho well ki)ov^n stealthy step along tho passage, that too surely heralded tho unearthly approach of " Thc Lily." A cold perspiration broke out on njy forehead, my damp hair stood on end, and my sense of hearing became sharpened to a degree puinfully acute. What is this ? a low continu- ous grating sound, as it were outside the house, below my window, and I c Mild almost taney i caught the tones of a smothered whisper. For a period that to me seems an ngc, but in all pro- bability a short live minutes, I sit up in bed, and sirain every nerve into tho one office of listening. Haik ! a slight crash, .a low tinkling sound as of broken glass-horror upon honor ! tho window 1 must surely have been' forced ; and there aro thieves at this moment entering thc houso. All the ghosts in Acheron are a j jke to this ghastly reality : tho awful scene I havo so often contení plat- ed iu fancy has arrived ut last ; and what am 1 to do ?-lie trembling herc whilst tho houso is robbed and its inmates murdered, to be discovered and have my throat cut after all ? or make a dash for thu Squire's bed-room, and perhaps in thoso dork passages come into personal collision with tho armed rnlllaus, who a- e even now per vadiug tho ground floor ? Stay hero I cannut no j summoning all my feelings of honour, ail my ECUSC of shame to my assistance, I resolve to rush incontinently to thc Squire, devoto iny per- son to tho defence of his hennh, and die'like a man in tho breach. Alas that it should be out of my power to meet my fate in the plural of that warlike subjuntivo !-my continuations havo beon taken down to be brushed, and with naked limbs and unslippeicd feet I speed along tho cold passage on my way t > mv landlord's dormitory. As I ]>ass un unshuttered windon', that looks out tj tho front of tho house, ii sort of morbid fascina- tion impels mu to stop my frantic career und guzû upon tho invading force. To my snrpriso mid confusion 1 behold two men speeding away ovor thc law.n in tho moonlight, apparently iii agonies of terror ¡ and I can distinctly hear their wild thrilling cries of thu Ghost the Gin st I as tiley disappear over the Ha-ha, which divides the smooth and' shaven turf from thc wild glitdes ol' thc undulating park. By this time thc house is dunned-doors baiig in all direct ¡.'ns-n confu- sion of voices panades the night air, in which the shrill organ ot female enquiry is predominant ; and the Squire, clad in ri rusty dressing gown, ami armed with an irou-headed hunting-whip in his opinion, f r the Squire isa resolute fellow, a weapon ctHciont enough to disperse un lumy ol' housebreakers-comes stalking down tho pos nnge, nnd ann.unecs to'his terrified domestics that there is no danger : mi attempt has been miulu to enter tho' houae, but tho villains have hean scared, as hu «jueludo.-«, by a fancied dis- covery, nnd wo may all go to bed again. W[th hospitablo commiseration for, my scanty gar sneula and shivering condition, my anxious host harries mc, with many thanks for my intended I assistance, back to my qwn dormitory, and as he intreats me to seek my coach as quickly as possible, ho enters tho room at my side : the shutters are unclosed, and tSc moonbeams stream* ing in, almost with the light of day--I start back in re-awakened horror, with an exclamation of "The Lily of the Lea "tíoniíx upon 'my lips, for a white figure stands as if "ropted to the flo r, in the centre of the apartment, nnd surveys us with a fixed, stony, and unearthly, gaze, lire the Squire's furious execration of ? Nelly 1 by all' that's-?" has thundered in. mine ears, thc" truth Hashes upon me in overwhelming confusion ; for tho white figure' stngger^^hacfesrards. ns we --«^ -p>o«»ebT**Mrtry^ kindling into light, roll upon us with dilated horror, and as she sinks into an ann-chair, îlrs. Montague Forbes (for Mrs. Montagu« Forbes it is) bursts into a par- oxysm ot* weeping, and covers her nico with both halals in an irrepressible agony of shame. * a » » Herc was a pretty kettle of fish' ! as is said to hnvo been observed by the celebrated wisnrd, i Michael Scott, when, after a sncccssml day on tho Tweed-side, he was startled ' to fiad the contents of his panniers turned into grotesquo imps, and miniature salamanders, by one of those mocking Sends that were ever nt tho magician's elbow. 1 had now .succeeded in wedging myself iuto as uncomfortable a fixas ever yot curtailed the free- dom of a harmless bachelor ! On all sides I was surrounded by difficnlcies and dilemmas ; there , was but oneway out of it, and that may bc describ- ed in vulgar Saxon U3 "oat of tho fryingpan into tho fire." How was I to face tho S miro nt breakfast ? and how was poor. Mrs. Montaguo Forbes to face mo ? Of course lier brother would be fiu-ious und vindictive, deaf to reason, and bent on avenging thc insult which ho naturally concluded I had offered to his household gods and genealogical tree. Of course he would scout thc idea of his sister's being an incurable sleep- walker ; and remain incredulous tq tho fact of her feeling infinitely more horrified than himself at the ambiguous predicament in which this in- voluntary nifliction-for an affliction it is-had placed her. Of course I should bc taxed with all the breaches of trust and ungrateful returns for confiding hospitality, that lind stained tho code of honour, since that extremely improper flirtation which eventually led to thc siege of Troy. Of course there was but one appeal, and that must ho answered at a short twelve-yards, before breakfast, and face to face with what Irish gentlemen call " a peace maker" at full cock. The way my haud shook, as I contemplated this possibility whilst shaving, was not calculated to inspire me with confidence as to the result bf such an " ordeal by battle." Then, even if theso desperate measures should not bc resorted to, wa* there not a civil power that might be brought to bear on my unlucky head ? I had heard of many cases of what Mr. Weller ca}!* "conviction for breach" successfully adjudicated nffiilmt the defendant, with fur less grounds for an eloquent barrister to go upon, than those which might bo skilfully adapted to thc comprehension of an in- telligent jury, us sufficient reason for mulcting my personal property to a large amount, much to thc satisfaction of tho distressed victim, and tho pecuuiarv benefit of thu guutlemeu of the Ioug^ robe. íío, I could a»ot-boar to bo brbujdirbötore tlic public in such a maimer as this, Some mon do not care three straws about notoriety, in fact they rather like ir, however questionable may bo the means by which it tuny be acquired ; but. to n shy mid sensitive man like myself, the very heading of that unblushing newspaper report. "Forbes versus Xogo," breach of promise of marriage, would be enough to drive the patient out of his renses. Such a me- thod of revenge -would bo nearly ns ef- fective as the more probable retaliation I had to dread from a personal encounter with the pugnaci- ous Scpii rc. And then, hud I no softem ng feeling for the agitation and distress which the events of the past night would cause to poor Mr-r. Monta- gue ? Should I be deaf to lier intreatios. and cal- lous to her tears, if it should como to an interview, which was not impossible ? Was it not an cx i trcmely hard case upon her. that her mvn charac- ter should bo sullied, and tho peace of her family destroyed, by tho pardonable trespass of an un- conscious somnambulist ? For I saw at a glance how it had all happened ; there could be no doubt v.-lmtevcr of tho facts of tho case. It was ovident that tho restless widow was nn habitual sleep-walker- like linly Macbeth it was her cus- tom nightly to patrol" thc dark sluir-cases and moon-lit passages of Topthorno Lodge ; and doubtless tho tinic-hoii'aired tradition of the " Lily of tho Lea" bad prevented thc scared ser- vants from either ascertaining the identity of the apparition, or making tho peripatetic 'mistress aware of her inconvenient habit. This would at I once account for the stealthy footsteps and I alarming sounds that had br ken my rest for so many weeks ; and tho only extraordinary circum- stance was, tho catastrophe had not occurred sooner. On thc night in question, an attempt j had clearly been made to break into the Lodge by some during ruffians in tho neighbourhood. J. lind liccn nlunncil l>y tho clumsy maimer in which they took out tho necessary pane, nuil thc fall of tlie broken glass on a sort of skirting of pebbles which surrounded the house. It is possi- ble that thc somnambulist lind looked ont of ono of the passage windows, nil of which were un- shuttered, and that thc startled burglar-, much to their horror, found themselves all at once lace to face with a white spectral-looking figure in tho unearthly moonlight. The tradition of tho " Lily " was known far and wide over the Dis- trict, and tho country people one and nil firmly believed that Topthomo Lodj-o " wa» n Initiated house." No wonder thc rascals were frightened; and this accounted f,;r the tnmultous light of which I was iv witness from that very window. In the mean time, however, the supposed ghost must havo passed my chamber in its nightly course ; when 1 rushed ont to alarm the Squire, I nnturally left my door a-jar, and tho sleep- walker, on her return, with tho instinct peculiar to that malady, as naturally wandered into thc unsecured apartment. Our pudden entrance awoke her roughly, which I havo been told is even dangerous for a person in that state ; but when thc consciousness of lier position, and first feeling of her sex, tho unfitness of her costume, burst upon her, no wonder the shame-stricken lady was readv to sink into tho earth. But would tho Squire believe nil this ? herc was a question to which, often and often ns I turned it over in my own mind, I could give no satisfac- tory answer. Yet was there ono way, und that a mo'de of proceeding to which I was'not half dis- incline.!, that would s -otho tho feelings of his sis- ter, propitiate the tinnily Squire, and gratify tho vanity, though it might liild to the responsibili- ties of the agitated individual who was now re- volving nil these knotty points in his mind, as he proceeded with un irregular and protracted toilette. Why should I tiot marry thc widow ? She is handsome (sho looked uncommonly well In white, even amidst .all the distresses and peculiarities of her position last night) slio is sensible, she is good- tempered, avid above all, she is partial to mc. Ah, thnt little egotistical monosyllabic ; half the attachments that aro formed arc based upon tho supposed good tasto mid di-rcrimln.ition ol' tho other party, in his or her fancied pre- ference for otrrselves. Then this is no crude Idea thnt. has now for thc first time arisen in mv mind ; 1 have been long revolving, though half insensibly, tho possibility of such a conclusion to our rapidly progressing acquaintance. I sup- pose I must ninny some day, and why not now ? I wonder what Jack llallleton will "think, and what Segundo will say. And then Kate, nov- Mrs Bagshot, what a disappointment to her, to know that I have been meditating this long before sito contrÍTcd to captivate poor Joe. jha last re flection wrns a clincher, but with it came a whole host of misgivings ns to tho irrevocable step which I was considering ; visions of Bachelor amusements, Greenwich dinners, midnight cards, " the morning slumber, »ad thc evening wino " oil those to be given up and repudiated nt once and for ever-then the long winter evenings, when a tete-a-Me with Stn?. Montague- might have become a very sober, not a sad enjoyment. The'domestic dotait», the bores of house- keeping, the annoynnco of servants-all these visions of the future floated through my brain, and sorely marred my resolution as to" tho exploit I wits meditating ; balanced, however,' on the other hand,, by ' many and favourable considerations. What dreadful tortures does ho impose u]>on him- self; who is incapablo of making np his mind. Better ba tho most wrong-headed blunderer that ever rushed blindfold into a difliculty, thau that victim of every apprehension, that contempti- ble 6lave of every circumstance-an, undecided mutt J Need I say how it was to end ?-We break- fasted that verv morning a nnitcd family party. Thc Squire, whatever may have been Aíí inten- tions had I not declarcd.iiiiiiii.was less gruff than usual, aud seemed, to do him justice, really pleased ' with tho arrangement by which wo wore t.> be- come relations. Mrs. Montague, with a shaking baud, a fixed red spot on each cheek, and a glance of quiet triumph in her blue eye, when ovcr tho long- fringed lid was for an instant raised, lookod to perfection the pleased yet agi- tated bride-elect (recollect it was her" second appearance in that character) ; .whilst 1 felt, as I suppose every other mau does who is going to bo married, conscious that I onght to bo very liappy, and that I was very much surprised, half delighted, and half frightened, at tho magnitudo of tho undertaking on which 1 had embarked, and the whole extent of which now dawned upon mo for tho first time, and firmly resolved, that as there was no retreat, tho only thing was to put a bold face upou tho matter and fight it out Uko a man. » I pass over tho intermediate time required to arrange lawyor's mutters, disagree about ..settle- ments," and pass tu the morning of " execution." " lt wout take long, sir, lint sorahow I -wish it wa-? well over," remarked the Muff ai', tho Miño- nes to my unworthy self, on tho morning of his eventful contest with tho well-known "Brum- magem Bouncer, for tho particulars of which, ; couched in thc flowery language of the " fancy," : 1 must refer my readers tu tho columns of that I cl.»quent periodical, hell's l*f<¡ in London, and without for au instant presuming to couipnre the I ceremony illumined by the sacred torch of Hymen with those antagonistic matches which wu learn from tito authority cf the classics are presided over by Pollux, I am bound to confess that my wakiug feeling on the eventful morning which ushered in my wedding day was very much akin to that of my former, instructor in tho science of self- defence. My head was in a whirl of confu j sion, consequent up.m the number and variety of I my necessary arrangement ; my eyes were dazzled with the gorgeous and exceedingly unbecoming raiment, in which, as is the custom of ray country, I was about to face tho ordeal ; my caw were deafened with the continuous peal which danced, out ft«tóh^ch¿uxjyitecple oftneadjow'fftÇ; village! ^pdurrnelnifaytr les austres, and tho only clear itnpres-ion on my bewildered brain was a fervent wish that it was this timo to-morrow, cr next, woek, or next year ! To other and less interested actors in tho scuno I must resign tho task of de i scribing tho different details nf the important ceremony-the merrimsnt of friends-tito gravity, j not to say sadness, of the principal performers j the business-like ah* of the clergyman-thu con I coaled commisscintlm of the beadle-and tito sarcastic applause of tho clerk. Plowors, I a;u ; told, were scattered in our patli to and from tho limpio village-church-ale tlowedin hogsheads, and there was bride-cake enough to make all tho scho;;l-children sick ; but of th -se facts I did na: hac. mo conscious till long afterwards. Tho Squire gave away Iiis sister. Bagshot performed tho service, the fatal words were spoken, and as I liegan to havo a dim consciousness that Mrs. M intaglio Forbes had now become Mrs. NV'go, part and parcel of myself I felt a horrid unccr tainty a* the identity of the f amor cwner of that patronymic ; a ghastly doubt as to whether this ! was indeed still the sumo individual, who for more years than it is necessary to specify, I had considered ai my best anil most indulgent frieud. 