FRANK-EN-STEIN NUMBER TWO; OR, A WARNING TO FAST POLITICIANS. A Legend of '52. Tntuoducto'iy Memorayda.— Messrs. Bmith, Brown,-Jones, and.■■Robinson, four' gentlemen of a li.ig.itly imasrinative tarn of} mind, and entirely devoted to the interests j ut South Australia, one day. at the close of hist year, met at the Greshum Hotel forj the purpose of conferring together upon the! prospects of public literature in the colony. Excited ptrtly by the subject, and partly by the nobblers of the Greshain, they passed a resolution calling upon eacli of the party to produce, by New Years Day, an original tale of terror, with the un ■ derstanding that the more horrible the story the greater would be the intenst attached to it. Messrs. Brown, Jones, and Robinson, we understand, have not sent in their productions to the umpire appointed at the Gresham Hotel to deeide upon the respective merits of the various works, and, indeed, appear to have left the C; lony, i.s no trace ot them can at present be found. It is true that three gents of re Bpectable appearance attended at the Police Qlfiee the morning following the meeting at the Greshain, for the purpose of paying a small sum to her Majesty as conscience money, for not being prepared to give a satisfactory account of themselves the pre vious night when solicited to do so; but we are in no position to prove their identi'y with Messrs B., J., and K. Mr Cockuwacks, the umpire, on the evening of the thirty first of December, was enjoying his otium he., at the hotel so often referred to, when a billet was slipped into his hands by the Waiter, who told him it had been left for . him by a dirty little boy who said there was no answer. The missive was imme diately opened by Mr Cockowacks, who, having scanned it, left the room with his hair standing upon end. Not all the en treaties of his numerous friends, subse quently made, could extract from cause of his terror. His " missis," as the worthy man designates the partner of his bed and salary, informs us that he sometimes, at the dead of night, starts up in bed, uttering broken ejaculations, such as "Jones," " Register," Musical change," "Once first fiddle, now church organ," and then falls back upon his pillow, murmuring, " Ah, ah! die-apace 'un." The effect pro duced upon his mind by the presence of the billet is such, that he positively refuses to interfere any lurther in the matter, and Mr Wraith, who is the only one of the four who has complied with the lesolution agreed to at the hotel, has felt it necessary to place his ^ MSS. in our hands. Under these circum stances, we abstain from "cutting it up, as otherwise we should, as critics, have felt ourselves bound to do, preferring to leave the palpable demerits of the Legend of '52 to a discriminating public. Mr Smith's production will be found at foot, and we now close our remarks, merely observing that to use the author's own phrase, the story is " dairy fed," Mr Smith having, on the night of the meeting, prudently re tired to the shop of Mr Bone, pork butcher, where he purchased a pound of pork chops, which he ate, cooked of course, immedi ately before retiring to bed. The story which we now print was the subject of the dream and attack of indigestion which fol lowed. M Bat when I told the cruel scorn That craz'd the bold and lovely knight, And that he cross'd the mountain woods. Nor re ted day nor night j That sometimes from the savage den, And sometimes from the darksome shade, And sometimes start! ug up at once, In green and sunny glade, There came and looked him in the face An Hngel beautiful and bright; And that he knew it was a fiend, This miserable knight!" CoUBHlDO*. Yxb bell from the Castle tolled One. and the light Burned blue with a pungent sulphureoas stench, A l»vi<3 effulgence was shed o'er the white Feees of shuddering horse-boy and weneb ; Now, to follow the rule Of the Monk Lewis sehool, I should usher in Lucifer armed with his tool. The triple-pronged toasting fork, on which the fool Over whom Master Lucy possesses a '■ pull," Is transferred to an atmosphere not over cool j So I may as well mention I've no such intention, And to render impossible any dissention, At once I declare That my tale does not bear n the least on the Prince of the Powers of the Air ; And I add, to prevent any further detention, That it's founded on no legend, German or French one, But a simple narration, Devoid of inflation, Not meant to create a tremendous sensation, And keeps quite aloof From tail, horn or hoof, Eschewing in fact any such demonstration.^ So the Heaven-eyed heroine, Bulwer-beguiled, I fully expect to be nettled—nay riled ; For I fear that my story her soul will not harrow, Nor bristle her ringlets, nor curdle her marrow ; And to prove what I say, I'll " go on with my barrow." 'Twas the dinner-bell At the Castle Hotel, Which ringB just at one, as is known very well ; And the cause of the pungent sulphureous smell, And the light burning blue, Was a gold-digger, who Had a lucifer rubbed on the sole of his shoo, _ While the pallid appearance of ostler and maid, Arises from no apprehension of shade, Or demon, or ghost, but, in .short, it portends a ^ Slight tench, in their own words, of " lnferluenxa. 01< ! welcome the bell Of the Castle Hotel, To jingle more joyous, more hearty or kindly, street Never re-echoed—'twas heard all down Hmdley itreet. It is the hour when 'neath the boughs The milking cows collect and herd ; It is the hour when Members' vow9 Seem soft in ev'ry stammered word, And gentlemen and gents repair To see the Speaker take the Chair. 0 * * * In the solitary chamber, Steeped in thoughtful reverie, Sits the student who would clamber To the top of Learning's tree ; Who so venturesome as he, Th* accepted lover of the Nine, The German-Irish Fr^nk-enstein ? Th' Historic Muse has fired his eye, And flushed *he lids with hue of rose, language and eloquence clasped iia Beneath hia lips—and fast repose? And something else has marked his nose. All gracefully his collar's down, A stainless slab of glossy white, The c impressed lips, the thoughtful frown, T.>int out no mediocre might. The cold effect" of Fbidean chisel. Before thai form tim-t, -ham. - truck, mizzle; The Bvrnii look poetically wildi"h. Gives him u-casi pa-rticuiariv fAf/ekt-ish. Before hi-n lies a most incongrao is pile, Chaired relics of antiquity, wi h fi.nn. Modelled hut yesterday, the Roman style, And goose quili—author of so many a storm. ITeapi-d up with " GillottV patent ne n ant.le," That no clime injures, whether cold ■ r warm ; For me. no grey goose quills; I'll never own 'em, But wield my steel, my truMy m.tguuui honutn. Suddenly the student's eye lladiutes a i>mile complacent, On what d-.'h h"f'ore him lie, And immediately adjacent. He cries " I have done it; the work is complete; The creature is mine, from the head to the feet. Away with the knife, And the bright spark of life, Once infused, and the felon Prometheus I beat." Then he put on his hat, and rushed into the street. And the sound of the'hell, From the Castle Hotel, On the drum of his ear vibrated and fell. * * * * The minutes are read; as a matter of course, Are confirmed, and the clerk of the Council, whose hoarse, From a cold, which has been very recently caught by him; Enquires of a gent, if he's got the report by him. The Committee's Chairman, A fluffy-faced fair man, Gives up to the clerk the report whieh is sought by him. Who reads P aloud, To the members and crowd, In the gall, ries, whilst all the time you'd have vowed That the siieu'ce was such you could hear any pm drop, Though you saw many pursed lips, and many a citin drop. The clerk of the Council has come to a pause. Having react the Report to the very last clause. Nobody speaks, For nobody seeks To stir up the wrath of the various c'iques; But Frankenstein shakes in his cream-coloured " breeks." There is no motion, to prevent delay, The clerk calls on the order of the day. * * * * Well might he shudder, that tremendous sight Shall never quit him more, by day or night. Horror on horror, that Outrage >uf Thing, His own creation, on his head shall fling. The downiest bed, the raisin's ruddiest juice, Will never from that sight his sense seduce. It is here, it is there, And every where. On the earth, in the river, the fire, and the air, That terrible shape. He shall never escape^ When awake, when asleep, in the (bream, ia the swoon, Thongh he flee O'er the sea; Though he fiy Through the sky, la a steamer or air balloaa. The ghastly hea^, the shrunken limb, The eye expressionless and dim, Unnatural in every part, Without a brain, without a hearf; Yes, 'tis enough to make one stait; Alas 1 unhappy Frankenstein, Behold presumption's work, and thine 7 The Muscovite's iron hand, he's strung With sinews from the enervate East. One part is old, another young, The greatest this, and that the least, The Saint and the Pagan are joined, The monarch and traitor together have got. He has stitched on a head of the Ancien Regime, To the nether extreme of a sans culotte. 