MODERN WALTZING. (From Blackwood's Magazine No father of a family, Ave think, whatever be the practices of fashion, can rejoice in seeing his daughter's waist spanned by the arm of some -detested dragoon, whose advances she can hardly refuse without committing a breach of the _jdiotioal_rujesjvhich__niodern_.us.ign King culates. Surely, in a free country, a woman ought to be free in her choice even of a temporary partner and the base notion which prevails, that a lady by refusing the invitation of one man to dance, is debarred from accepting a more congenial offer, Is utterly foreign and re- pugnant to the rules of chivalry. In the hall or bower, the ladies are paramount, and they ought to exert their authority remembering this, the slightest murmur against their decision ought to be considered an offence against knightly courtesy. It would be well if we had a female tribunal, with full powers of ex- pulsion from society, to adjudicate upon such matters. But not to perpetrate a depression in favour of Provencal usages, let us return to the matter in question. We maintain, now, that Lord Byron, writing under the name of Horace Turner, was fully justified in the utterance of every couplet. The poet is a seer, and although we perhaps, in our younger days could des- cry no impropriety in the waltz, which merely admitted as to a nearer degree of contract than the former Terpsichorean evolutions, the prophetical eye of the hard foresaw the necessary consequences. The character of the waltz gradually became changed. From a graceful rotatory motion, it degenerated into a Bacchic movement, similar, no doubt, to the first Thespian performances, which were intended, as scholars tell us, to be in honour of the young Lyaeus. Then came the galops, which was a still further manifestation of the triumphal procession of Ariadne. Dancing, as one of the fine arts, now received its virtual death-blow. You see an infuriated looking fellow throw his arm round a girl's waist, and rush off with her as if he had been one of the troop of Ro- mules abducting a reluctant Sabine. They pursued a species of bat-like race around the room jerking, flitting, back- ing, and pirouetting, without rule, and without any vestige of grace, until breath failed them, and the panting virgin was pulled up short by her perspiring partner. Ghost of Count Hamilton j Shade of De Grammont ! has it really come to this? You knew, in your day, something about the Castlemaine's and others ; but never did you witness-in public at least such orgies as British matrons and mothers now placidly contemplate and approve. This, however, sailed for a reform and it was reformed By what? By the introduction of the police he favourite dance, and no wonder, of the casinos. View it philosophically, and you find it to be neither more nor less than the nuptial dance of Bacchus and Ariadne. Our mothers or grandmothers were staggered, and some of them shocked, at the introduction of the ballet into the opera-house. What would they say now, could they see one of their female descendants absolutely in a:'.' 'Sits.' ilLL. list of a th a is for those nig lings isles Town as to the vine didn't to go when is so rs of fish ken ugh! the four of all his, cases rest give, to the ever lice ned the, use the in a race the id y to ore relate my, mr n nr fe iii man in, der Hy let. the, es ich of an the ses. be Dry hie the ere in len the roof and had a if so we. see kind ill in "g a i Hy aye and in ish ner, sd. he no longer of or me of lat me the embrace of some hair. animal front- ing hitch-hiked to him down to him her head reclining, on his shoulder, and he perusing her charms executing the most ungraceful of all possible movements, at the will of a notorious Tom- Noddy .? No doubt everything is innocent, and the whole dance is conducted on one side, at least-with perfect purity of idea. But, somehow or other, these grapplings, squeezing, and approxima- tions, look rather odd in the eyes of the unprejudiced spectator and we, who have seen the feats of Egyptian Almas almost surpassed in British ball-rooms, may be pardoned for expressing our conviction that a little-nay a good deal more of feminine reserve than is presently practised, would be vastly advantageous to the young ladies who resort to those haunts which they have been taught to consider as the matrimonial bazaar. DEFENCE OF THE AUSTRALIAN CO 0 NIKS. From the United Service Magazine, j THE Australian Settlements possess two leading advantages for self protection. First, that the population is essentially British, and composed of an energetic class, who are pouring into the country in the full spirit of active enterprise. It is impossible to have better materials for soldiers who are not required to en- ter into all the trammels and restraints of constant military life, but merely to place and maintain themselves in a position to defend their families and properties from the depredations and insults of a foreign invader. Secondly, they are so distant from Europe or any great warlike resources, that no very considerable armaments, capable of acting on shore, could be brought against them. Even inferior, then, as their population would be in military discipline and organisation to the regular troops that might be brought to invade them, the disadvantage would be amply compensated by the superior numbers they could collect to oppose any attack. A good militia, therefore, should be the basis of their defence: and duly prepared, would be quite adequate for the purpose. The system would require to be introduced cautiously and considerately ; the principal difficulty will be to obtain, with regularity, and under sufficient induce- ment and obligation, the periodical attendance of the men for exercise, and for acquiring and keeping up a certain degree of a soldier's capability, the use of their arms, and a competent knowledge of the more simple movements. To make it less disagreeable, they should be drawn as little as possible from their ordinary occupations, in which their time may be of great value to them and when they are so called out, it should be «.fndipfl how this. periods can be arranged,, to be as little onerous and unpopular as practicable ; above all, withdrawing them for whole days and nights from their homes should be avoided. By such means, the necessity for the establishment being well instilled into the minds of the population, and understood by them, they will probably enter cheerfully into the service. The first measure would be the enrolment, and then the drill by squad, company, and lastly, by battalion to each of which, in succession, it will be more difficult to get the bodies together except in towns, or where the population is dense. As the whole, however, becomes established, these difficulties would be reduced. It is thus that the militia of the Channel Islands is admirably worked. The regiments are called out for a few hours, at the least inconvenient periods ; no man is taken far from his own home, to which, at the worst, he can always return to sleep ; the service is by no means harrassing, and every individual takes a pride in the really efficient man ner in which each corps turns out and manoeuvres. The militia will need to be instructed, equipped, and commanded. It will also be desirable that they have some model of regular troops in good order, in which they might see what is the degree of perfection at which they should aim, and not be too easily satisfied with their own imperfect progress. The first and last of these conditions will require the presence of a small body of regulars, who will also be the rallying point in case of attack, and who will show as good an example in action as they had previously done at drill. With regard to equipment, it can easily be shown that a uniform is very necessary, but it need not be of that showy, fantastic character which may, perhaps, be advantageous for regular troops, but useful, comfortable, and applicable in all things to ordinary life. The arms and accoutre- ments would probably be provided by Government, and kept in depot, marked and numbered, and each man would be, in some degree, responsible for the constant good order of his own. The officers will be selected by the authorities, from among the colonists, under whatever may he considered the proper qualifications. Should there be any who had previously served in the army, they would naturally be preferred because, undoubtedly, the more there, were of that class, the more readily would the whole body be got into a good state, and the more efficient they would become a it may be considered necessary that the adjutant, at least, should have been previously in the service. There should be in each colony a military commander, as general superintendent and chief of the whole, who, of course, must be a military man, understanding military organisation, and the art of war. A letter by or fort, or, perhaps, more than one, would need to be established, for the e, a. -.a ._-._..,." 1111 protection of the principal port, which will, no doubt, always "be in the I in me diate neighbouhood of the chief town or station and magazines, stores, and depots, in the. most convenient ' positions-. With regard to the small body of regular troops who would perform the little con- first military service, and aid in the more perfect system and organisation of the whole, it might, with most advantage,' be composed of artillery and sappers; both of them good as soldiers, even for the instruction of infantry. The artillery would take charge of the guns, their ammunition and appurtenances, and would prepare and periodically exercise a portion of the militia for that necessary service. The sappers, being artificers, in addition to their military duties, would work either at their trades or as superintendents in raising and maintaining all the batteries, works, and military buildings and premises.. Their officers, who are engineers, would, besides the management of their men, design and take charge of the construction and maintenance of the military works, and others of public utility. The united corps of engineers and sappers could also under- take surveys of a public nature. Thus the value of the work performed by them in a colony would very nearly, if not fully compensate for the entire expense incurred for them, besides leading to a most useful class of future colonists, as they become successively superannuated and pensioned. They solve in fact, the difficult problem of a body of troops (and of a superior quality) always in readiness to act against an enemy, whilst in the interim, they are productive members of the community. A SCANDALOUS AFFAIR, IF TREE. The Qlusyow Sentinels Paris correspondent says that a late scandalous affair, which compromised the character of General St. Arnaud, and which resulted in the death, by " apoplexy," of General Cor- refuse, was occasioned by the latter having informed the former that a sum of 300,000 francs, belonging to the Emperor, had been taken from a room, into which they alone had entered and that he, General Cornemuse, was not the thief, and intimating that St. Arnaud was the culprit. " The answer of St. Arnaud was a horrible blasphemy. Cornemuse coldly retorted. In ten minutes more the two generals were in an old under-ground guard-room, sword in hand, and in presence of several witnesses, officers. The two generals fought bitterly. In ten minutes Cornemuse lay dead on the stone floor, and St. Arnaud was removed, seriously wounded. This is why in the papers you see an account of the horrible apoplexy of M. Cornemuse. This is why his wife is confined to her e country house. This is why St. Arnaud refered to Hyeres. This is why, on his retuT*ñ7~be~spenr4S hours under arrest at Vi nee in es." MRS. MEAGHER The wife of T. F. Meagher has arrived in London from Van Diemen's Land, and is at present with her husband's father, the member for Waterford. Mrs. Meagher will visit Ireland before sailing for America to rejoin her husband. Leeds Mercury, June 11. SPREe HY CALORIC. Captain Ericsson, in a letter published in the April number of Appleton's Magazine, states a fact in explanation of the rate of speed which the caloric engine has as yet attained: " Let me state a fact here which has not yet appeared before the public. The elasticity of our wrought-iron heaters has been found so great that during our trip to Washington, we did not venture to average more than 7-J-lbs. - pressure per square inch ; cast-iron heaters are 1901 being made, to enable us to carry full pressure.- Boston paper. THE EMPEROR OF AUSTRIA A letter from Vienna gives the following account of the Emperor of Austria: The Emperor, although the youngest sovereign in Europe, is one of the most remarkable for cool judgment and application to business. He rises every morning at six o'clock,ei*e»i in winter; and is never in bed more than four or five hours. As soon as he leaves his bed-room he goes into his cabinet, where he gives audience to civil and military functionaries, and enters into the most minute details of the reports they make to him. His manner is dignified but cold, and his face is surely illumined with a smile j but there is never anything harsh in his language even when expressing himself with the greatest decision and his decisions areal Avays remarkable for the strong principle of justice on which they are founded, As soon as he has breakfasted, and this occupies only a few minutes, the Emperor has conferences with his ministers, whom he frequently astonishes with the knowledge displays of every branch of their, departments, and for which he is indebted to the information that he has received from his subordinates. He listens calmly on great matters of State to all they have to advise, but if he has made up his mind on any point from previous mature deliberation, no argument can induce him to change it. Like the Emperor of Russia, he is in the habit of visiting suddenly the barracks and the public schools, where he inspects everything, tastes the food, to be certain that it is of good quality, and interrogates the soldiers and the pupils to ascertain if there are any just causes of complaint. In the evening, after the public official duties of the day, he withdraws to his cabinet, where he reads his correspondence, makes notes, of the business to be expedited on the morrow, and retires to rest at a late hour. MUNICIPAL CORRUPTION IN NAVY YORK. -The Courier and Enquirer has some very pointed and impressive comments upon the recent disclosures of rascality in the New York Common Council. We make the following extract from the article :-" What, a foul, festering mass of corruption has even this partial investiga- tion exposed to public view ! 'The taint of venality seems to have pervaded the entire municipal government, and to have infected all who have been brought in contact with it. To every man who entered the City Hall, scores of itching palms were held out, whose eager little lions he hastened with golden ointment to allay. The Aldermen were to be had for a consideration.' Bribes to them were like his ale to Boniface. They lived upon bribes ; they ate bribes; they drank bribes ; they slept upon bribes. The air of the Council Chamber reeked with bribery. Their voices ever asked What will you take and echoes ever answered, What will you give V They were bribed to vote, and bribed not to vote. They were bribed to give, and bribed to take away, They were bribed for, and bribed against. They had not even the honour which existed among the better class of thieves and assassins, for after they had sold themselves to one man, they resold themselves to another Their rules for the conduct of municipal affairs were as few as simple, and as comprehensive as those of Demosthenes for oratory. He said, action first action next, action last ; they say, bribery first, bribery next, bribery last. In bribery they lived, and moved, and had their being. Bribery was the breath of their nostrils. They cloth- ed themselves with bribes as with a garment. That is, they had a habit of bribing; and without doubt if they had been shut up, so that they could not be bribed, they would have gone to bribing one another. Bribery was to them the be all, and the end all here." They sold the public property for bribes; for bribes they sold the public convenience for bribes they heaped unjust taxes on the citizens; for bribes they sold the city's honour; and yet these are the men who, Aviapping themselves loftily in their official dignity, and looking down from the awful height of their legislative prerogative, disregarded and condemned the mandate of a high court of law. These are the men who claimed the right to disregard the public voice, and to grant the right to build a railroad in Broadway at a positive loss to the city of millions of dollars. Could those men blush, what burning shame would redden on their cheeks! But they are long past shamefacedly. To their thick cuticles no glow will come which is not brought by the cutting lash of public scorn and contempt. What a change has a few years made in the sort of men who composed the Common Council ! Imagine such animadversions as these upon those who administered our municipal affairs fifteen or twenty years ago I We cannot do it, even in thought. We cannot even suppose ourselves so be called upon to speak of those men as we are now forced to speak of these. They were upright, honourable, high-minded gentlemen ; these are much in need of such examples. Will we ever exchange these, or such as these for such as those ? Never, so long as our city government is constructed as is is. Never, while such incessant and stupendous frauds upon the public are possible without detection. The name of Alderman has become a byword and a reproach; and until a great radical change is made in our city charters change which will make such foul deeds as those which the grand jury have just exposed imposible no man of intelligence or position, or self respect, in short, no man who is fit to take a seat at the Council Board, will consent to do so. Aldermen must cease to be at once the legislative, executive and judicial officers of the city, if we would have the affairs of the city administered, we will not say wisely. or efficiently, but honestly." MISANTHROPY. A wild man, named Goings, said to be from Tennessee, was captured not long since in a cave near Florence, Alabama. He is from twenty to twenty- five years of age. The story of his being in the neighbourhood of Florence had, for some time previous to his capture, been current among the people, but it did not receive much credence A week or two ago, however, a boy brought Avoid into the town that he had seen the " wild man" near a certain cave. A party of gentlemen immediately assembled, and proceeded to the spot indicated. nearing the mouth of the cave they discovered the shivering form of the poor fellow buried beneath a covering of straw. He paid no attention to their summons to come forth and one of the company (thoughtlessly, we hope) tossed in a dog which, making a furious assault, brought the hapless recluse to his feet. He then came out in a state of almost perfect nudity, presenting a picture of abject misery and squalid wretchedness He appeared perfectly sane, hat gave no satisfactory reason for his singular conduct, beyond a general charge that the world had treated him badly, and he had determined to come out from it. He protested that he had done no man hand, and begged to be allowed to continue his solitary life; but he finally agreed to go home with Mr. Eastrage.- New York Paper, King Leopold's eldest son, the Duke de Brabant, was to be married by proxy on the 12th August to the Austrian Archduchess, Maria Henrietta. The Duke was to be represented by the Archduke Albert. Bu can bet col to] fill the arc Go des Ar tin dol CRIME IN LONDON-The. Divis, the experienced and benevolent chaplain of her Majesty's gaol of Newgate, has furnished to the Court of Aldermen his annual report upon the subject of the state of crime in the metropolis, founded upon his observation of the condition of the prisoners. The following extracts will be lead' with interest:-"The, Ordinary attributes the decrease of great crime to the advance of education and the vigilance of the police, acting under a milder and more humanized law," and goes on a highway robbery, and murder, burglary and murder, rape and murder, are now but seldom found in conjunction. In former days, before the law was altered, they were continually together. The present punishment for murder is so severe that the thieves dread it, and the men who commit that crime are generally not thieves, but persons under feelings strongly excited, if not under the pernicious influence of drink. My fear has always been, with regard to this dreadful punishment, that if the penalty of death were abolished, as many valuable people desire, it would make it worth AV II i le for thieves to have recourse to murder. The utterly abandoned men who form the considerable class of what may be termed incorrigible offenders, are regardless of any injury they inflict on others brutality, savage violence, and a total disregard of the feelings or safely of others are their cha- rade listics. Men who have not studied these characters and observed their ways of action should be cautious in recommending the abolition of the penalty of deathly read in a pailia mentary return of one of this class who had in Australia been twenty-nine times charged with murder, and had so man- aged these cruelties that the utmost punishment that could be inflicted on him was transportation for life, in chains, a punishment unknown in this country, but necessary there, from the dreadfully corrupt parties with whom justice has to deal. People for whom I have the highest respect, urge the entire abolition of the punishment of death, from their love of mercy to their fellow-creatures ; but the same feelings of mercy should be extended to persons about to be murdered as to persons about to be executed. I would repeat that the present law works happily in effecting a decrease of great crime. The change proposed would, I think, undo much, if not all, that has been done. But I express the result of my own observation and opinions merely." With respect to housebreaking, the Ordinary says. " The systematic house- breaker, whose attention is limited to jeweller's stocks, or banking houses, and to plunder where it can be obtained in large quantities, is a most formidable and dangerous person. These men do not drink ; they are cool, steady, deli berate villains and there is not a stock of jewellery in London that they do not in every possible way attempt, They often succeed ; but I scarcely ever remember any of them being convicted for these great robberies. We get to know the men by other means, and often know who commit the great offences without a chance of detection or conviction. Burglaries of the kind are effected, generally speaking, I regret to say, by the unfaithfulness of some of the persons employed on the premises.... To correct the pernicious pestilence, the moral character and con- nections of persons confidently trusted by jewellers and others should be watched. First offenders, not unfrequently of the same painful nature that I have for several years past had to bring under the notice of the worshipful court, have been brought to Newgate during the last year. Young men of respectable connections have become the victims of vices, and then of crimes, and we have had almost daily to witness scenes of distress of the most piteous and deplorable character, arising out of these offences. It is not so much in the prison as in the former home of the prisoner which he has left for years, if not for life, that the misery is visible and permanent. When a banker's or merchant's clerk has been unfaithful, the crime is mostly unknown to his wife until her husband is arrested and thrown into prison. The bitter grief and ruin he has caused in the heart of his family such a thoughtless and guilty man has not contemplated; and when we are called upon by the bounty of the Sheriffs to look into and relieve some of these cases, wretchedness is revealed such as nothing but fact can present to us. What are young married women with six or seven children to do, when all their means of support are lost in the crime and conviction of their husbands'? And when, in some few cases, such a man is restored after serving a lengthened imprisonment, and returns to his family, his blasted reputation too often makes him a burden, rather than a relief to his afflicted connections." 