THE RACES. Our coining meeting gircs assurance of racing in down-right earnest. Mo less than 1 7 horses nre at present in training. It is a 'monster meeting.' We were at the course this morning; there was u full attendance; but as it is too often the caso nown doye, very little business was transacted. Th* Queen's guineas, for which some five or six are likely to start, was speculated on to a small amount. Diver, Ducrow, and Mr. I hidlow's grey Arab, had strong panics, and were 'for call;' the Maid of Erin, and Mr. Bibra's little grey mare, were on u th* go.' Direr was the favorite. For the Maiden Plate there appeared anxiety to lay against Mr. Lyon's black horse; it was rumoured that something was 'out;' tbe grey Arab appeared at the top of the tree for this; an even bet was taken about him at tbe close of the morning. The 3 year old stukei will bring out young Garrogin, a racing looking nag, but very short of work. Ihe late crack, Mr. Hurry's chestnut colt, is out of training; for what cause we know not— 'all is dark.' We prefer Garnet for this race, although one of the outsiders. „ The Town Hate (a goodly thing) will show the old rivals, Ducrow and Diver, and their less lucky sister, Maid of Erin, and a field. Diver is again strongly Supported for this business* but little done a^ainsv kit ulu fiiend, The Maid of Esin looks ' all there,' ' but Mill an 6he cat 'sacb a sorry' figure lost' year, no money can be got on her. Ono bold bet was made that the Maid would lie (iigtnuced. It is imagined there is difficulty in keeping her on tliu field. Tho' Margcanx Cup will not gather together any thing particular, although loor or flvo will go; Rfljah* friends ore very sweet upon him,- but wo guy it is not in him. 6trioger again is coming for tbe Rabbisb, for the last time, once more. He looks, oh he looks, like anything— like a ghost— and so he'll go find frighten them oat of it; and now the old saying— ' let tho best nags win.' Mny they all keep to the day, and show us no worse time than last year, and no ono «an complain of the Wertern Australian tone. TUKFITE. 