MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. THE SOLEMNITIES AT METROPOLITAN HALL, ON THE OCCASION OF THE FUNERAL ORATION ON DANIEL WEBSTER. In the evening, this entire building was crowded to its utmost capacity by a highly respectable audience, to listen to the oration of Mr. J. T. Brady, on the late lamented patriot and statesman, Daniel Webster. The rear of the platform was decorated with mourning wreaths. At half-past seven o'clock, Bishop Wainwright, accompanied by a large number of the Episcopal clergy, Mayor Kingsland. and other distinguished citizens, issued through the private entrance and took their seats on the platform. Dodworth's Brass Band was in attendance. The Rev. Edward Lathrop commenced the ceremonies by offering up the following prayer. 7-" Almighty and everlasting God, we adore Thee, as the King Eternal, immortal, invisible -the only wise God Our fathers trusted in Thee, and were not confounded. We bless Thee for the knowledge of thyself, through Jesus Christ our Lord, by whom we have access to that Throne, and "on account of whose merits we obtain forgiveness of our sins and hope of eternal life and we acknowledge our indebtedness to Thee for every good and perfect gift. We would recognise our obligations to love and serve Thee, and we humbly invite thy blessing while we seek to derive instruc- tion from the impressive dispensation of the Providence which has brought us together upon this occasion. We give Thee hearty thanks for our civil and religious liberties, and for the lives of those whom Thou from time to time hast raised up to expound and defend those inestimable blessings. We thank Thee for thebestowmentof those rare intellectual endowments which Thou hast conferred upon some of our fellow-men above others, and by which the principles of government and of law are unfolded and made plain to the comprehension of inferior minds. We would not be unmindful of these Thy gifts, and we pray that we may ever appreciate those institutions of our country and of religion, that are adapted to the development and right use of these Thy bestowment of these the noblest powers of man. We bless Thee especially at this time for the gift to our nation of him whom thou hast recently removed from his high place of power on earth, and whose loss we now deplore. WeblessThee for his wisdom in council, for his service to the State, and for his life- long devotion to the good of his country. And now, thou sovereign Disposer of events, while we bow in humble and uncomplaining submission to Thy will, we devoutly entreat Thee to enable us to derive profit from a review of the life and character of him Thou hast caused to pass away from among the living. Whatever was wise in his counsels, may we appreciate and honour : whatever was just, may we adopt ; whatever was excellent, may we imitate and thus may he live over again in our own and the generations following. (Impress us, we implore Thee at this time, with proper sense of the transitoriness of all earthly good-with an abiding conviction of our own frailty, and with an intelligent estimate of that true and only lasting honour which cometh from Thee. May we be par- takers of the inheritance which is incorruptible and undefiled, and that fades not away." We earnestly supplicate Thy blessing upon the family of the deceased servant ; upon the official circle from which Thou hast removed him, and upon all the rulers of our nation, from the President of these United States to the lowest in authority. May our nation be ever the object of Thy fatherly care ; may peace and prosperity dwell in our border, may our liberties never be surrendered and may our Union be perpetuated to the remotest time. And now we beseech Thee, O Thou Most High, to extend like blessings throughout all nations. May the sceptre of every tyrant be broken; may the oppressed of every clime go free and may the Gospel of thy Son, which giveth liberty to the captive and hope to the despairing, " be proclaimed to all the dwellers upon earth. Hear us, in these our petitions, and accept these our offerings and prayers, through Jesus Christ our Redeemer. Amen. The Funeral Dirge of St. Paul, by Dods worth's Brass Band, was here admirably executed. Mr. James T. Brady then came forward and delivered the following ORATION. This is a most solemn and instructive occasion. The chief city of a great nation clothes herself in mourning, and with a deep sorrow, which no outward ceremony can adequately attest, weeps over the loss of him to whose gigantic intellect and eminent services the nation owes so much of its prosperity and re- down. To-day our streets were draped in sable, and exhibited the funeral array of free- men paying just homage to exalted worth. The old and the young men of all nations - of all creeds, religious and political, suspended their ordinary employments, forgot all party attachments and prejudices, and united in exhibiting their profound regret for the bereavement which falls so heavily on our country. We felt, while the melancholy procession moved on, as if " all that was mortal" of the illustrious deceased was indeed before us. May we not feel that we have reached his grave The grave of Daniel Webster ! What though he moulder beneath the turf of his beloved Marsh- field, the whole of our broad land has an equal title to his tomb, riB to his services and his fame. We are beside his grave ! Be it our aim while we appropriately honour his memory to draw from his brilliant career lessons of advantage to us all. We should not leave this spot until the reflections which here suggest themselves have been wisely appreciated. If there be any here who credit the antiquated maxim that republics are un- grateful, let this occasion extirpate from his mind the dishonouring error. Turn your glance to Europe. Behold there the audacious despot, who, skulking under the shadow of a great name, aims a fratricidal and assassin shot at his native land. In vain does he i employ the power of his station, combined with the mighty influence of a church, and the willing vassalage of an army, to gain from his subjects even an insincere show of approba- tion. And now, look here ! An entire people spontaneously honour the very name of one to whom they never owed allegiance or duty, except such as the grateful heart cheerfully awards to a benefactor. They canvass with free speech all the actions of the great man's life They are not blind to the faults and errors from which no human character can be exempt. They forgive those blemishes, and gratify their hearts in yielding enthusiastic praise to his majestic intellect and noble patriotism. This is a higher and more enviable gratitude than any act by which, during his life, he might have been' elevated to political position. Why do we thus honour the name of Webster? Even if high lineage or great wealth could command our regard, he possessed neither. The humble parents, who gave him no other i inheritance than their fair fame, little thought, when the poor farmer boy went forth from his | lowly home to seek a fortune in the great world, that the day would come when that world would resound with his praises, and boast of him as an ornament of humanity. Their best hopes were centered in his elder brother, whom I mention with the more pleasure because of the reference made to him by the deceased in the dedication of the first volume of heavy " I dedicate this volume to you (address Jc nieces) not only for the love iCe as selves, but also as a tribute of affection ' memory, and from a desire that the Z., my brother, Ezekiel Webster, may be asStel with mine so long as anything written o r 227 ken by me shall be regarded or read " T? ." an interesting fact, that when a suburban station in a county court was offered to the young Daniel, his parents considered that "5 vancement quite equal to his merit, and the heard with astonishment what they deemer 7 presumptuous refusal of the preferment U ing that the arrogant estimate of his owner's bility would prevent his prospering in iff. Happily, they survived to estimate moreover JtJ the great endowments with which Heaven £3 favoured him-to know that his command.? the admiration and controlled the judgmentS tribunals most eminent for dignity and We ing that his eloquence and reason fascinated and guided senates - that his achievement became part of his country's history nan indeed, of the country itself, and that before extending everywhere, was destined to endure until the end of time. They left this world con soiled with the cheering assurance that the P own name would, through their box office honorable perpetuity. Their hearts were gladdened, too, with the knowledge that his great successes could not diminish his love for them, nor make him otherwise than proud of his origin. In other lands, where society is divided into cases, under aristocratic institu lions, we find instances in which some low bom youth attains through genius-, or acquire ments, admission even to the fillies rank. The friends of strong government point exult-' ingly to these exceptions as evidence that such governments footer intellectual worth. But the interest of the incidents is diminished much, when we consider that the gifted pie began is received by the artistes for their own advantage or glory, and that almost invariably on attaining eminence, he turns his back for ever on the interests as well as the society from which he ascended. It is a happy circumstance, that under our government, the highest preferments can be reached only through the people, and can only be obtained by using pre- ferment for the people's good. Yet no consideration of this character influenced Webster. He was too great and too proud a man to forget or conceal the love or the recollections of his childhood. He has said, with deep sincerity and exquisite pathos, " I love to dwell on the tender recollections, the kindred ties the early affections, and the touching narra- tives and incidents which mingle with all I know of our primitive family abode. I weep to think that none of those who inhabited are now among the living and if ever I am ashamed of it, or if I ever fail in affectionate veneration for him who reared and defended it against savage violence and destruction, cherished all the domestic virtues beneath its roof, and through the fire and blood of seven years' revolutionary war, shrunk from no danger, no toil, no sacrifice, to serve his country, and to raise his children to a condition better than his own, may my name, and the name of my posterity be blotted for ever, from the memory of mankind." This is the language of one who could not imitate the poor sycophants, that hide from the world the name, and erase from their hearts the recollec- tion of some devoted, but humble mother some honest but struggling father, merely that they may be welcomed in a social circle higher than that of their youth. He could not do so, because he had that pride which makes the man of intellect seek no society but that in which he is gladly received, and makes him feel that no society can confer on him any honour to which his merit has not already entitled him. The great man, whatever his origin, obtains no lustre from social rank, but confers upon it all the distinction of which it can in- telligently boast. Webster cherished those sympathies with his race which the humble are most likely to feel and enjoy. He was in heart, in speech, and action, a true patriot. A generous desire to promote the happiness by sustaining the rights of men pervaded his whole life. It was evinced in a brilliant appeal for freedom when the cause of Greece excited his youthful enthusiasm, and showed its bright flame all undiminished when, though seventy winters had passed over his head, he gladdened the hearts of all his countrymen, by his chivalric-his truly American letter to the Austrian minister. He commenced life in poverty. He depended on his own labours to support himself, and contributed to the maintenance of his aged parents. His mental organization and tastes led him to adopt the profession of the law ; he chose it with no intention to perform its high duties merely for wealth, or to gain that notoriety which is often mistaken for true fame, but with a just appreciation of its honorable character, and of the responsibilities incurred by all men who devote their lives to the advocacy of human right. He was a judicious and enlightened student. He began at the sources of the law, and diligently traced the streams of jurisprudence in all their directions and to all their ends. He made himself master of the English common law of its modifications under our government-of the principles and rules which control the large jurisdiction of equity, and adorned the knowledge thus obtained by making himself thoroughly familiar with the history of the science, and the literature with which its classic votaries, in every age and clime, have gracefully decorated it. He did more. With the aid of his superior intelligence, by dint of study and reflection, encouraged and sustained in his progress by an ardent love of country, he made himself pre-eminent for his profound acquaintance with that other branch of jurisprudence, entirely modern and purely American, which affects the rights and obligations, legal and political, growing out of the constitutional construction of our confederacy, and its various members, and their relations and dependencies. He distinguished himself while yet young, by very able arguments as to the respective powers of the general and States government-and soon secured a reputation as a constitutional lawyer, of which it is the highest praise to say, that it is not inferior to that of the great American Chief Justice in the tribunal, adorned by whom, and in whose presence that reputation was deserved and won. Of his peculiar traits as a lawyer I will not here speak in detail. They are well understood by all his legal brethren. But it is gratifying to state that to the very close of his life he prized his reputation as a lawyer, loved and honoured all who proved worthy the distinctions of his profession, and evinced an unchanging belief in what he said, with so much beauty and force, when the Bar of Massachusetts convened to pay a tribute of respect to the memory of Judge Story : " Justice, Sir, is the great interest of man on earth. It is the ligament which holds civilised beings and civilized nations together. Wherever her temple stands, and so long as it is duly honoured, there is a foundation for social security, general happiness, and the improvement and progress of our race. And whoever labours on this edifice with usefulness and distinction, whoever clears its foundations, strengthens its pillars, adorns its entablature, rr contributes to raise its august dome still higher in the skies, connects himself in name, and fame, and character, with that which is and must be as durable as the frame of human society.' It will always be a delightful reminiscence of my life, that I enjoyed the great honour of being associated with Mr. Webster in the last case to which, as counsel, he brought the influence, not only of his great name, but of the talent, knowledge, industry, and energy, which it seemed neither time nor debility of body could impair, while his intellect remained alive. It was a memorable association. Youth as I felt myself beside the veteran whose labours I sought to lessen, I could not but feel that the aged but sturdy oak which I sought to main tain preserved its pristine vigour, and that our cause could lean on that alone, nor want any other support. It was a sublime illustration of the consoling truth, that the divine intelligence which the Almighty kindles in man may continue to burn with the brilliancy of M first illumination, when the temple, made radiant by its holy flame, has begun to perish. He was required to perform labour from which many a younger man would have shrunk, and at times what was physical of the great man fretted under its toil ; but the mind reproached the machine it governed, and steadfastly and steadily, without murmur or complaint, pur lined its investigations, never pausing ex need to be certain of truth, never satisfied until it was capable of demonstration. "During all the time allotted to this preparation he performed all his duties in the state department with his usual attention and industry. In his journey through the devious passages of a complicated history, it was a sufficient pleasure to me ii I could lend the glimmer of my feeble capacity to prevent his stumbling over obstacles which might not arrest his attention, as he contemplated the higher regions of the investigation. I was, delighted - with his patience, his willingness to be informed, the anxiety he evinced to be conducted to the real merits of the controversy, cheerfully accepting the services of any guide, if he could at last be led from the darkness into that open day, the light of' which, afterwards concentrating in him as an intellectual sun, he could diffuse over the cause, and the tribunal, that the fertilizing irradiation might secure the fruits of enlightened justice in full maturity. You can excuse the pride with which I refer to the kind attention he paid to my poor efforts in the struggle which it remained for him to terminate in triumph. I can never forget the evident, emotion with which a large and intelligent auditory listened to the clear, learned, logical, and conclusive demonstration, by which he advanced to the point he set out to reach, taking captive with him the judgment of all his hearers. A man of more years than are prescribed as the limit of human existence a lawyer at a period of life when in the ordinary course of nature zeal would be chilled the interest in a cause materially lessened, care as to its decision soon overtaken by indifference, the applause of success or the chagrin of defeat equally transitory, and yet old as he was over- tasked as one might well conclude, he suggested to all of us how gigantic, how irresistible must have been his efforts in years gone by, when thus in his age he outstripped all competitors in the race for success or fame. But a higher, a nobler result, attended his last professional triumph. He made us all feel what dignity and honor the profession could derive even from one lofty display of courtesy and consideration by it greatest member, where a smaller intellect might have exhibited only a grovelling pursuit of that advantage over an opponent in debate, so often secured by means which injuriously affect the profession itself. He spoke and acted so as to present in the most interesting light the character of a true, educated, and re- fined lawyer, from \yho3C demeanour the principles and breeding of the gentleman should never be absent. He closed his professional career in a State which deserves all honour for its unostentatious devotion to law and order, and the compliment which he paid to its jurisprudence and judiciary could not have been more meritoriously bestowed. New Jersey, never boastful of what it has done for the re- public, little likely to be carried away by the vanity which a State, like an individual, too often exhibits, may nevertheless acknowledge her gratification that the last forensic effort of the greatest American lawyer was made in her presence and on her soil. I will speak presently of Mr. Webster's political life of his actions in the great theatre where he met the constant gaze of his countrymen where he very often commanded the attention of the whole civilized world, and where he performed for the benefit of mankind those patriotic deeds of gratitude for which he shall abide for ever in the heart of this nation. But before passing to that most important part of his career, I must exhibit him to you in other and interesting relations. Certainly not in this country or age I think in no country or era-has an intellect quite equal to that of Webster appeared on earth. His superb head- that lofty " dome of thought his expansive brow, and the searching expression of his profound eye, indicated that there was no distance to which his intelligence might not reach-no combina- tion, process, or result of thought, too large for the grasp of his conception. Unlike most men who enjoy, at a distance from close and familiar examination a reputation for more greatness than they possess, Webster actually enlarged as you approached him, and in the quiet of a parlor impressed you more if possible than in the most important efforts before the public. His mind was prodigious in compass and power. Ideas familiar amongst men, when submitted to his reflection, seemed to enlarge, and after being forged and fashioned anew in his brain, came forth with increased power and seemed rather to bestow strength on language than to receive force from it. Though his perceptions were rapid, it was his habit to subject to his reason and judgment even what seemed self evident, and to use no expression, to deem none ready for use until it fitted precisely the thought he meant to convey. In this he was a cautious and distrusting man ; he formed no opinion except on mature consideration, he spoke from preparation ; he avoided the affectation of purely extemporaneous speech when the importance of an occasion required that speech should be judicious and voluable he was Athenian in the eiaboration7)f his great public addresses-he trusted his language to no hurried or loose report where it was possible to have it correctly expressed under his own supervision, Approaching a subject, he was not satisfied with a comprehensive glance at its general character of bearing, but calmly and closely surveyed all its parts, considered them in their various relations, and gathering a reliable judgment from the whole examination, laid it before you in words as ponderous as they Were clear. He never uttered a mystical sentence. There was no imperfection in the thought no ambiguity in the expression. He made all men understand him by thoroughly understanding himself. He knew that if we do not express ourselves clearly it is because we have nothing clear to express. He made thoughts simple, and was not afraid to use simple words in uttering them. And yet when the dignity of one thought, or of a succession of noble thoughts warranted a corresponding dignity of language, the grandest words here lit- ideas along, and his sentences moved forward with majestic march, he was a scholar. He had stored his mind with treasures of classic lore, and received on his style the impress of that which delighted him in the great authors. Who that heard it will ever forget the last and elegant address which he I delivered before the American Historical Society in this city. Our ripest scholars men distinguished in every intellectual department clustered around the old man, and watched With an interest that increased at every step he took his journey over the literary world of antiquity. The great lawyer, the great states- man, the patriarch of threescore and ten was gathering flowers and forming garlands in the classic fields where he had so often revelled in his. youth. He spoke of the old authors from familiar acquaintance with them, led them before us, introduced them as his dear friends, and described their qualities at once with the familiarity of friendship and the discrimination of a Censor. The great historians lived before us. We grow intimate with Tacitus, Livy, Sallust, and Thucydides. We spent a delightful hour in society to which some of us had never before been admitted, and from which others had' unwisely absented themselves too long. While Webster enriched his mind with acquisitions from the past, he also judiciously profited by modern literature. He had the highest admiration of Shakspere, whose works he not merely read but studied. To this we may often attribute his happy selection of words. Perhaps it explains how he obtained the purity and power of diction for which his speeches and writings are so remarkable. He did not attempt that eloquence which abounds in gorgeous una%;ety, words that burn and sparkle, and periods harmonized into music. Careful, happy as he was in clothing the thought, he yet valued the thought itself more than the drapery. His style of composition, with far greater strength than Addison's, is not less simple. In what he has written or spoken you perceive his meaning at once. The idea is never obscured by ornaments. All his works exhibit beauty, but it is the beauty that consists with strength. And it is not erroneous to say, that if Webster had to depend for his equal place amongst the greatest men in history, exclusively on his claims as a mere orator, his compositions as a writer or his nobler achievements as a statesman, he would he well entitled to associate with any man of any age or country. But it is as the states- man-the American statesman-that Daniel Webster is destined to have the widest and most enduring fame. In this respect he is American, and the property of America. It was his good fortune to render his country services which cannot be too highly appreciated. The time and place of his birth, and the history of his family, naturally inclined him to seek political distinction. He was born before our revolutionary struggle had been crowned with the success which established the republic and made our land an asylum and a refuge for the oppressed. His father took part in that struggle. The stories of its perils, its defeats, its sufferings, and its successes,, were related to him in his early life by the actors in the great event. The imbibed and cherished the patriotic feeling which animated those heroes. He felt that to them, to all patriots of the Revolution, a debt of eternal gratitude was due, and it could only be discharged by insuring to all their posterity, to their country for ever, the free and happy form of government to obtain which so much suffering was encountered, and unrivalled courage shown. He resolved to exert all his power in effecting that great purpose. He made himself familiar with constitutional history. He considered fully the eventful incidents which occurred between the close of the war and the adoption of the federal constitution and having deliberately formed the opinion which never changed, and which he" never for a moment distrusted that the constitution of the United States maintained and enforced in every provision, in spirit and in letter, was the only means which human wisdom could contrive to hold the States of our confederacy in close and happy association, he determined that the greatest efforts of his whole life should be made in preserving that constitution inviolable -intact, just as it came from the hands of the sages who devised it. The constitution of the United States ! The productions of the first American Congress elicited from Lord Chatham his memorable eulogium. He declared that for solidity of reasoning, force of sagacity, and wisdom of conclusion, no body of men could stand in preference to that Congress. If the works they alluded to deserved the high encomium bestowed by England's most enlightened statesman, in what terms can we sufficiently praise the wonderful, and I hope imperishable compact which gave us a national character which has enabled us to cover the nation with glory, and which affords all the means of achieving for our country in the future, no'Y opening to it so full of brilliant promise, a greatness and prosperity never before witnessed on earth. The federal constitution bound the States together by ties of common interest, through securities for common happiness, and leaving them so much separate sovereignty at was not surrendered for the general good of all established a national government, no power to improve which, in any respect consistently with the existence of such government at all, has ever been or ever will be discovered. That ligament of united interests should always have been, and should for ever continue to be preserved with reverence guarding with unceasing care observed by all men within the land maintained by every citizen to the utmost extent to which he has the means of giving it support, and kept high above and beyond all bad influences which either a fanatic or a traitor could have the ingenuity or the wickedness to direct against it. That constitution first enclosed in its parental embrace only thirteen colonies ; but it was invested with an inherent power to en- large its generous capacity to receive into i to arms new States-nay, the whole continent - even territory beyond-to shelter all that wide expanse with its protecting care, and to diffuse happiness and to ensure honour to all. Webster lived to see eighteen new States in happy fraternal connection with the original thirteen ; and, thank God! he died undisturbed by the slightest fear that the holds of affection which keep them thus together can ever be loosened while the name or American continues to deserve honour. If we take a broader view of his entire political life, we find that it was as the champion of the federal constitution that he rose to the greatest altitude before his fellow countrymen, displayed the most thrilling eloquence, won his greatest victories, and entitled himself to the largest gratitude. In that championship he encountered the first intellects of America the brilliant, enthusiastic Hayne-the acute, pure, profound Calhoun, and others whose names your own recollections will furnish. The passage between Hayne and Webster has always been considered unequalled for interest by any similar incident in parliamentary history. The stimulus of the fiery assault was required to awaken in Webster the whole slumbering energy of his nature. When thus roused, he developed in its full majesty the stupendous intellectual power which he never before had been provoked to employ in debate; and the result was, not that Haynes ceased to be considered great, but that Webster proved himself to be greater. Haynes lost nothing of that reputation so brilliant for a ram of his years ; but the reputation of Webster, fixed at that hour, gave him a position before the American people; than which none ever has been nor can be more exalted. In the discussions between Calhoun and Webster, all arguments that the ablest or most subtle minds COuld suggest appeared on either side of the great question as to the exact boundary between the power of the general government and that of a State, and the precise nature of the compact between the constituent parts of our national organization. This is not a time to consider the points involved in that controversy. It is our pride to know that the intellectual conflict of the two master minds furnished a display of splendid genius, knowledge of political science, eloquence, and reason, which charmed while it astonished a senate which could number amongst its other illustrious members the warm hearted, enthusiastic, fearless, and gallant Henry Clay. Webster survived his two worthy compeers ; but I: delights every true American heart to know that the great triumvirate defended the Union against its last danger. In the senate chamber, which shall no more behold either of the three illustrious men whose stirring times its walls have so often echoed, Webster delivered the funeral eulogium on Calhoun. Yes. in that Chamber, where not many dayMcfore the great Southerner came from the bedTif death, and with marble brow, an eye the effulgence of which could only cease with life, with a spirit which even the touch of the great destroyer could not for a moment appal, presented to the body which his mind had so often instructed, his purity always awed, and his dignity elevated, the last appeal for the maintenance of those doctrines which, whatever men may think of their truth, all will say he advocated with sincerity, and with fidelity, with zeal, and with ability never surpassed in the world. But let him speak of that noble man whose own grand language never illustrated a character more worthy :-" Mr. Cal- hour was calculated to he a leader in whatso- ever association of political friends he was thrown. He was a man of undoubted genius and of commanding talent. All the country and all the world admit that. His mind was both perceptive and vigorous. It was clear, quick, and strong. * * * His demeanour as a senator is known to us all is appreciated, venerated by us all. No man was more respectful to others ; no man carried himself with greater decorum, no man with superior dignity. I think there is not one of us, when he last addressed us from his seat in the senate, his form still erect, with a voice by no means indicating such a degree of physical weakness as did in fact possess him, with clear tones, and in an impressive, and I may say an imposing manner, who did not feel that he might imagine that we saw before us a Senator of Rome while Rome survived," We are not called upon now to review the course of Webster, in reference to the great questions of policy, which, during his long public life-, provoked between hostile parties to the country so much fierce controversy. We differ with our most honoured statesmen, and with one another, on subjects which concern us all, and the action upon which is to affect us all, but about which we cannot be united in sentiment, as we must be in interest. I trust, however, that recent events in our country, the solemn adtnenition furnished by the decease of the great men on whom we have been so long accustomed to rely, that the increasing necessity to cultivate a brotherly feeling all over the land, and to advance the glory while we guard the safety of our beloved republic, will dispel the rancour of party feeling, encourage the utmost liberality in matters of opinion, and incite us to indulge rivalry only in the effort to surpass each other in fidelity and devotion to the country, which we may not all serve in the same way, but all have the power to serve well. I leave Webster's general police real life to the historian to his countrymen to posterity, who will judge it calmly and with right appreciation. But from that eventful career I must select for this occasion that by which I think it was and is most adorned. I refer to the last and most memorable struggle which he made, to preserve for you and for me, for this land and its people, now and through the long lapse of coming ages, *' one country-one constitution-one destiny." He was impelled to that holy enterprise by that love for the constitution which he has expressed on so many occasions and always so well: s "I am bound to it," said he, "I am bound to it by indissoluble ties of affection and duty, and I shall cheerfully partake in its fortunes and its fate. I am ready to perform my own appropriate part, whenever and wherever the occasion may call on me, and to take my chance among those upon whom blows may fall first and fall thickest. I shall exert every faculty I possess in aiding to prevent the constitution from being nullified, destroyed, or impaired and even should I see it fall, 1 will still, with a voice feeble, perhaps, but earnest as ever issued from human lips, and with fidelity and zeal which nothing shall extinguish, Call on the people to come to its rescue." This was uttered at an early time in his political life. The period arrived when he thought it was demanded of him to go forth and meet the blows. He did as he had promised, and made sturdy battle In the good old cause. Hear him at the age of seventy e"Never did there devolve on any generation of men higher trusts than now devolve upon us, for the preservation of this constitution, and the harmony and peace of all who are destined to live under it. Let us make our generation one of the strongest and brightest links in that golden chain which is destined, I fondly believe, to grapple the people of all the States to this constitution for ages to come." I will furnish one more illustrative extract from a letter which, on the 27th January, 13-31, Mr. Webster addressed to James. Hamilton, Esq., and others, of Westchester, New York. -'For myself, I confess that if I were to witness the breaking up of the Union' and the constitution of the United States, I should bow myself to the earth in confusion of face ; should wish to hide myself from the observance of mankind, unless I could stand up and declare truly before God and man, that by the utmost exertion of every faculty with which my Great jr had endowed race I had labored to advert the earnest pie.' What spirit stirring words are these ? What a response they command from every heart faithful to our Union. May the sentiment thus expressed pervade the whole mind, and possess the entire soul of America through all time. May it be taught to the American youth in part of his prayers to be uttered, and felt when uttered, as a declaration of duty only second to that which he owes to heaven. And when he sends up his prisons to the Throne of Grace itself, may the appeal for his own salvation be attended always with one for the salvation of that country by which nature, and all the dictates of patriotism, call upon him to defend, support, and honour, and for which he should be ready at any moment to lay down his life. Young men of America ! Let those words of one who passed his life that you might enjoy the hap pim ss which now is yours sink deep into your hearts. You have health and strength. With you it is yet the morning of life. You move and prosper in the light of institutions created and secured by patriotism. The generous enthusiasm which animated their spirits should burn brilliantly in your bosoms. The patriotism which actuated them should in your young hearts be no sluggish sentiment, fading and failing in unworthy repose, but a living, active principle, animating and guiding your thoughts, your purposes, and your actions. As you move nearer to age, the ardent emotions which now influence you, may be chilled into indifference. Standing on the border line whence I find my affections turning to the past, and my fears resting over the future, I have scarcely the right to appeal to the young men in the tones of brotherhood, nor have I authority to call on them in virtue of any experience which age might bestow. But I may, and do entreat you, by the blood which courses in your veins, by the love you bear your native land, by your gratitude for the past and your hopes of the future, to emulate the great example of Webster, who despite his fulness of years, despite the selfish influences constantly operating around him during a long and laborious life of service, often so ill requited, retained to his last moment a sympathy with his race, and an interest in all that might improve and dignify it, not less ardent than that which glowed within him in the pride of his manhood. And when you trace and follow him along the path which his genius and merit illumined, if any of his sentiments, differing from your own, should, though for an instant, qualify your regard for his character or services, restore him at once to your affection and reverence, by the just recollection that in every sentiment he felt every thought he formed, every word he uttered, and every act he performed, he was at all times, and in all places, in heart, soul,' speech, and action an American. The world has furnished heroes foes whose ambition has journeycdthroughblood and devastation to win the fame of history. Nations have been conquered, empires overthrown, races subdue 1 and exterminated, to satisfy the craving of some splendid egotist, yearning for power and glory. The world has been to frequently captivated by the record of such careers. ' It is becoming more just. The merit of faithful service is acquiring great esteem amongst men. They honour example, such as was afforded when in his age Webster, so worthy of repose after long travel for the people, felt himself called to use his giant energies in opposing insidious schemes by which he believed, in all the sincerity of his soul, that the Union was jeopardised. The Union was in danger ! The constitution was threatened! He went forth to battle for it Nestor, with the heart of a Cour de Lion. He sought, found, and conquered the enemy. He encountered the revising of foes, sometimes the remonstrance of friends. He obeyed the dictates of his conscience. He adhered to the faith, he clung to the purpose of his life. New vigour animated his frame-new eloquence di scended from his lips. This was destined to be the crowning glory of his life, and he earned it nobly. Young men of America ! Do you fully realize the incalculable importance of preserving the constitution and the Union for which the great champion of both toiled with such earnestness ? By what name would you be known on the earth ? By what name will you describe to posterity the immortal men who wrested the colonies of this continent from British oppression? There are here to-night natives of many, perhaps of all our States, and doubtless they feel children's love for the places in which they were born. Here are, also, exiles from many a father land beyond the deep. They have left for ever the scenes of their youth the graves where there i ancestors moulder. They came here to mingle and be happy with our people. Behold our territory extending to the Pacific. See a new golden State making rapid strides to greatness, in a region which, but a few years since, was considered scarcely within the pale of civiliza- tion. A restless ambition for more term tory excites attention, if not (ear, at home and abroad. All the land we acquire all the myriads of beings spread over it, the natives born on the soil, the millions thronging thither from the Old World- all these must be included under one government, and made to feel the being interest in its welfare. And how can this be effected j Not by segregating classes according to the locality of birth, but by the combination of all agencies, moral, social, and political, to make all who live under our constitution feel that our country, in its whole extent, and in every inch of its soil, is America, and that those who reside upon it, with the intention to yield to our government allegiance, are to be known in all that concerns their civil interests and obligations, as Americans, and Americans only. This policy, and this alone can secure us a national character. As Americans we have already obtained distinction amongst nations. No prophesy can prescribe li mi is too remote for the extension of our greatness. The world cannot but wonder at our progress. It has startled, and must continue to startle, the old empires. From no spirit of aggression, for no object of mere interest, against no right, in furtherance of no wrong, should we seek to enlarge our dominions, or glorify our name. But, yielding no jot or tittle of our right as a people, submitting neither to indignity nor dictation from foreign powers, peaceably pursuing the objects of our government, and never abstaining through fear that all foreign powers can do, from exercising a generous sympathy for all mankind whenever and wherever humanity requires, we will go on with a design to make our name, as Americans, equal at least in honour and greatness to any which his designated a race, or a people from the beginning of time. And when anything occurs which, touching the pulse of the whole people finds the nation's heart vibrating from a sense of national pleasure, or any other national feeling-when we feel how blessed is the fraternal association of American States, and what great abilities have been employed to rivet the bands binding them in a close em- brace-in our devout thanks to those who, under Providence, have contributed to persons of our Union of us and our posterity no man can claim, and no man shall receive, in history, a prouder place than Webster. He is gone! His voice can never more be heard on earth. He could not bequeath us the intellect employed so long and so faithfully for our advantage, but he has given to us the legacy of that intel- lects productions. Many a future generation will linger over them with delight. May the hour never arrive when they will cease to be regarded not alone as model of style for American youth, but as works of wisdom from which Americans and American citizens shall obtain the rules to guide them and to encourage them in the performance of their duty to the republic. Webster had gone. His mission ended as it began in honour. had died as became a man, sensible; of his responsibilities to his Maker. He appreciated the truths expressed when he spoke in honour of a great proff ssioual brother, whose loss he deplored : " " Religion is a necessary and indispensable element in any great human character. There is no living without it. Religion is the tie that connects man with his M iker and holds him to his throne. If that tie be all sundered, all broken, he floats away, a worthless atom in the universe its proper attractions all gone, its destiny thwarted, and its whole future nothing but darkness, desolation, and death." He went out upon the dread path of the next life, hoping to be supported by the staff and crutch his Maker could afford. He died with the simplicity which marked his character and life. He said, on a memorable one as on : " One may live as a conqueror, a king, or a magistrate, but he must die as a man. The bed of death brings every human being to his pure individuality.'" Reduced to that singleness of existence, Webster calmly awaited and resign- edly met the common doom of our race. Fanilyanl friends stood around his bed, and consoled his latest moments. And when it was made known that the mind of which our country boasted, as the most brilliant jewel in her coronet, had lost its lustre for ever, the whole land throbbed with anguish. Webster was a man of whom any nation would have been proud at any era in history. He could not have existed without occupying the highest position among men. Europe would have loaded him with titles and rewards. Greece, which esteemed as a highest honor, the funeral obsequies and a funeral oration, would have exhausted its purest taste, and employed its greatest orator to commemorate his great name. But the heart of such a 'man could not have been so touched by all else as by the grateful appreciation of his services emanating from his countrymen. Having referred, on one occasion, to his ancestors, and claimed for them only the merit of faithful devotion to their native land, I remember well that the tear stole to his eye, and his voice trembled with deep emotion, as he exclaimed "This ia heraldry enough for me." He is gone ! There was a noble heart in this intellectual giant. Re- lieved from the cares of station and demands of duty, he was a very social man. It was pleasant to converse with him to see his brow relax, and a sweet mule light up his sombre face. He had a quiet, genial, and affective humour too. He was a modest man. With all his greatness, he met his fellows with respect No human being could be more willing to receive and act upon a good suggestion, from whomsoever it might emanate. Like other truly great men, he avoided the error which makes lesser beings cease to be courteous when they obtain distinction. He could not be what he was without faults, and the faults of great men seem to take their own proportions, and grow immense in the sight of men, whose faults though greater, seem small ; because never fully exposed, or but remotely exhibited to the public eye, A high regard for public and private morality pervades all his works. He was in the best signs of the term conservative, and this quality sometimes led him to Jet with more caution and her boldness then the occasion justified. the dreaded war above all evils except dishonor. In the negotiation of questions endangering our peaceful relations with other government he exhibited the same large capacity which character used all his public acts. He was not inferior as a diplomatist to any with whom he came in contact. The clearness, precision, and elegance which mark the correspondence with Lord Ashburton, cannot be too much admired. Webster. Calhoun, Clay, Adams-all are departed ! O cher of our leading statesmen must, in the course of events, soon follow. The brightest lights of our galaxy are going out. The stars, by observation of which the State was guided are disappearing, and it becomes us to watch the noble vessel with the more care. For their successors, where shall we look? Answer, you aged of the land Link around your young men, and seek the pure and able to fill the vacant places in our councils. Our present is now all prosperity. The future encourages our fondest hopes. No speck of danger spots the clear horizon into which we peer. But the storm and the danger come sudddenly and often when we are unprepared. Let us be ever on the watch to avert its injury. Peril will threaten our constitution. Unholy as faults may endanger our Union but I have no fear of the result. I am incapable of con- temples ling a period when our banner, seen at all, will not be known and honoured us the American flag-the slip; of a united, powerful, and happy nation, and now and for ever when the fanatic or the felon hand would humble that flax, or sully in the least its brilliant folds, and a faithful arm is interposed to check the desecration, by the bad hope which inspires the traitor be dismayed, and the noble purpose of the patriot, strengthened by the spirit of Webster, which, ever at the point where danger assails his country, shall utter, to badly treason and cheer fidelity, his own solemn words, " I still live." This eloquent address, was received by the audience with marked approbation. Bishop Wainwright then pronounced the llEXr.DICTIOX. The peace of God, which passeth all understanding, keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God, and of His Son Jesus Christ Our Lord, and the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, be among you and remain with you all. Amen, The meeting then dispersed. 