To the Editor of the Geelong Advertiser and Intelligenccr. M~I. EDrGR,--I was much strulick with a remark I heard from a gentlrmen in Market Square (sire the mark), which was to this effect :-the peculiar childishness of many of us, in our anxiety to know ?ho is to he our new Governor. It seemed to him like unto children in thenursery, who being told a new nurse was coming, it becomes the incessant talk and prattle-" dear me, how. about the nurse?" ' - Well, sir, the the thout lin?erd with me, and I was led to enquire, when would the happy time arrive when Englishmen at.the South would throw overboard these shackles imported from home ? Sir, it seems-to me.ananomalous condition'to be in, withino aristocratic associa tion scarce, withno particularly privileged class save one, whose very existence-that is as a class-will shortly be but aname; with a sturdy democratic feeling prcvading all classes, morz or ldss, that we shonlh lool with such sickly sentimlcnt upon the advent ofa governor, holding in his hands immense patronage and power, and with a-rpresentation not nearly so free and einlightened as that of the loved shores of old Alhion,, Mr. Editor, I think the time will arrive, and. for one, I think the time has arrived low, to put the question, concise and crisp--"What do we gain by ourconnection with Great Britain ?" WVe gain a governor-and'a scabby specimen of that genus have we had of late-and nothing but the extreme of nioderation would have per mitted him thnus far. I think the time will come, when the advantages and disadvantages or the connection will be well compared; and the result, many think, would be that with that connection we suffer every way, and gain noth ingbut gilt lace. measures of moderation have been passed-our tether has been lengthened a bit-but we are still tethered, and it remains to be seen whether a rising nation, as we are- standing in the proud position that we do, as the embryo of the Empire of the South, should be placed in the stupid position of requiring a representative king -a Governor from England in these Provinces. 'Tis the " Governor" imported from the hot beds of aristocratical association-the embodi ment of that part of the system rwhich has un luckily most tyranny in it, that we must have, mind, if we have any at all. Now, just fancy: a Cobden, aBright, or a Villiers, or a Lowe, as a governor of any of these colonies! 1Wh', it is absurd in the very face of it. There is too muck of the spirit of broad philanthropy and liberty in theirnatures, object', mid aims, to be thought of in such a ?onnection. Oh.uo! The "fanmily party" must not be slighted. "Caw me, caw thee," is the maxim; a:d, whether a " log" or a "stork," their point is gained, and the colony it is that groans under the perpetra tion of the govetnor's wrong. But, I -enquire-so far as good government and cheap too-for I suppose we want the best and the cheapest in our ageofeconomy. I sa-, in'reference to good -government, are we not ab!c to choose, and have vwe not men to choose from, equal to all intents arid purposes and sublime results, as good as any Latrobe-that sickly type of the ghost of wearless and imbe cility ? And what if English feeling expanded at the antipodes? Say that they will not he placed in a position as to be obliged to submit to such governors, wherein shou!d we suffer thereby ? In what regarl shoald our position be the lens important ? Is it corsistent with the feelingo of, an Englislunan, the cursed system of nomi nees? Is it not a political gag?in,, for banctul c.?s, of the months of Britons at the Sonth? Are we prepared to submit to mtything of the like tynmnicol and mercenary pocr in the new constitution ? I should say the whole colony would shout an cemphatic negative ! I say, as my most decided opinion, that we are in a very different position to citizens at home. Very few would wish anything but a constitutional monarchy there; but here we want representative institutions; we want the widest liberty consistent with the safegnird of our snubstance, and the punishment of offende's against strict right; we want' a parliament chosen by every man who is govered who lhas not been a felon, and has fixed residence; and last, not least, we `want a representative gover nor. It must eventually cometo this. But, as I asked two years ao, thrbugh your paper, where is the George Washington of the Austra Iian Colonies ?. Yours respectfutlly. S. Tcorzs:a. New Town. 