Local and Provincial News HORRIBLE, IF TRUE—BUT NOT TRUE.—No little excitement was manifested by the inmates of H. m. gaol, at Darlinghurst , during the early part of the week, by a rumour which was circu- lated, with blood-freezing rapidity, that the ghost of a man named Fyfe, who was executed a few years since for murder, had been playing mid- night pranks in and about his last mortal resi- dence, to the consternation of his brother crimi- nals still in the flesh. On a representation being made to the governor of the gaol, that gentle- man immediately quelled the fears of the trem- bling deputation by assuring them that they must be laboring under a delusion, as it was con- trary to the regulations to allow spirits to enter into any of Her Majesty's prisons. Sloss OF TUB Tutus.-1 say, Bill, rot d'ycr think o' this ere upper ouse of the new constitu- tion ? Vet's the rent. Jack ? Kent bo blowed, it« a parleymcnt ouse, a . tip-top legislative, a reglar brick. Ob, bless d if 1 knows ; if they'd let a cove a room, I'm open for a anni val tenancy, if to be at it'l run it, . ( ? ÏÛSÎÎTDOO.-An established wag, who stands unusually high in the facetious world, has given it as his opinion that the City Jmprovement (query !) Committee might very well purchase some of the ice recently imported, and apply it towards the repair of "the pathway opposite "the Museum, and extending from Youroug-street to the Lover's Walk. On Sunday and Wednesday last, after tho rain, walking in those localities was as difficult as ascending a greased pole, and should large blocks of ice bo now laid duwn there, they would be found more desirable and less slippery than the sturt' the Corporation, in its wi-dom, applies to the mending ol its ways. DUEL PUKVENTEI).-A tcnipjrary confusion was created at Petty's lb tel, on Tuesday even- ing, by an altercation between two gentlemen at die dinner table. One of tho gentlemen taxed tJte other with having been helped twice to soup, and his adversary retorted with a charge of the other having called for ale after bis cheese, i Both charges were verified by the testimony of the waiter. By the interference of mutual friends, each gentleman apologized for having c .minuted au act so llagrautly opposite to the rules of the Society for the Propagation of Gen- tility ; and hnrmuiiy was happily restored. AVe have authority for "stating that the parties were not New England squatters. QUESTION- AND ANSWER.-" What is the j French for Influenza " Shiver de freeze," of j course. I Why are the HfruhVi attempts nt wit like au electrifying machine Ï Because they are so i/ioci-ma. A WARNING VOICE.-The capital- of New Sonth Wale« and Victoria are inundated by swarms of individuals, sedf-designated "clerks," whose qualification* to such titular distinction for thc most paix consist in a tolerable facility of reading and spelling, and a superficial acquaint- ance with the multiplication table and the rule of three. Nineteen out of twenty ot' these per- sonages are of recent importation, having been charmed fr-'tn the dusty counting-houses or polished counters of the mother country by thc glittering prospects of gold- digging, as seen through the powerful lens of the magnifying glass which exaggeration ever presents to the imagination of the yoting and sanguine. Theirs is indeed a lamentable disappointment. Un- suited by the very cha ncter of their previous pursuits to the toil and hardships of a digger's career, the few who succeeded in reaching the gohl lields beheld at once the vanishing of the phantom which had allured them ; and. falling back upon the metropolis, disclosed the bitter tidings to their brother adventurers already pre- paring for a like wearisome and profitless march '. into the bowels nf the land." Now thrown, for the most part friendless and penniless, upon the tender mercies of an over-populated city, they are struggling against thc unparalleled vi- cissitudes of iife which the golden era has mitered in, hopeless, crushed, and dis-spirited. "To dig they ¡ne unable-to beg they are ashamed." Sadly numerous rs this class «,!' unfortunates are, wu arc at a loss how cither to ussist or counsel them in their extiemity. Mach and all doubtless striving for em pl yme'ut, where none is to be obtained intheir purtieuhu* calling, must curse thc hour in which they abandoned a home, however humble, which ut least yielded tltem the necessaries of life. It is to be" h >ped that the fate of the pioneer clerks who have led this "f ri rn hope"'may tend to allay the crav- ings of their brethren "of thc quill after adven- ture ; and that, remembering the invaluable adage "a rolling stone gathers no moss," they will content themselves with a crust of bread and cheese in England, in preference to relinquishing the substance for the shadow of a fortune at the Australian Gold Fi.Ids. Nuvna SAV Dm.-Despite the wit-destroying influence of the influenza, the hon. member for the Northumberland Boroughs will persist in having his joke on every available occasion. During the consultation of the Licensing Justice» las: week, upon the applicati n of Mr. Clark 1 Ingliston for a renewal ol' iris license, in which the applicant had secured the advocacy of the facetious Bob, the f. Uowiug took place: Captain Moriarty (to applicant under exami- nation), What is the name of your house ? The witness hesitated. Thu Attorney General : dine, yon surely are not ashamed to tell the name ot* your house. Witness : " The IIone»t Irishman," your honor. Mr. Nichols : And 1 believe. Mr." Hughston, you have a portrait ol'the Attorney General as your sign-board- he being about the only honest Irishman I am acquainted with. The Attorney General und the Bench were con- vulsed with laughter ; thc good- natured hit told; and Bob gained tho day for his client. THE TiioitotiouFAKiVl'jiom A.-A new disease has. within the last few months, become very pre- valent iu the city -, and as no name has yet been given to it, we honor it with thc appellation of Thoroughfare-Phobia. In fact many of the streets, utter rniu has taken place, arc not safe to travel through. Thc di.-ea-e ive allude to con- sists of a very dangerous stoppage, preventing a free circulation of thu blood of commerce through the veins and arteries of the metropolis. Park and William-streets (more particularly about the Museum) have been seized in this shocking way se vet al times during the present year -, and some portions of Pitt-street which we th light had got over a very long attack, have suffered a serious relap-e within the the last week or two. We really begin to tremble for thc very existence of the City, when we see these awful symptoms of agencial breaking up beginning to show them- selves in all «piurtcrs. If the suburban roads, which are the lungs of Sydney, should be taken any worse than they at present are, suffocation will be the inevitable consequence. INCREASE OF PAY TO GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS. j -We are happy to perceive that thc Executive have determined on raising the salaries of their employés. In any of the colonial posses.-ions there does not exist a moro efficient corps of gentlemen, or perhaps so fully qualified for the performance of the duties assigned to their res- pective offices, than the officials of thc Govern- ment in this colony. THE BUSHRANGERS: A PLAY IN FIVE ACTS, AND OTHER POEMS, BY CHARLES HARPUR. W. R. PIDDINGTON, SYDNEY, 1853.—Although not previously aware of the fact, we think we may venture, without fear of disputation, to affirm that the world- famous Bombastes Furioso is blessed in the possession of a younger brother of "a literary turn of mind;" and whose maiden pen, plunged in the Empirical ink of a Parkes, but lately fell like a bomb amongst the conclave of critics assembled to discuss "the feast of reason" to which they were invited by our friend "Chas-harpur" in the above entitled un- pretending little volume. Bombastes junior has certainly ransacked thc cavernous vacuums where his brains ought to be, with the most signal suc- cess; and he has established an unalienable claim to niche No. 1 in the ranks of the Assini Scri- bentes. We, following at as distant an interval as the humility of our pretentions ever observes— shrinking from the blaze of intellect which has proceeded us—now presume to "say our say" in the unvarnished prosaic style, beyond which we confess our inability to soar. To begin at the beginning, notwithstanding our disposition to be enthusiastic on any necessary occasion, we can- not screw our conscience up to eulogise the Poet's bushranging feat. Ill-disguised plagiarism —uninteresting, and unconnected incident—in- anity of expression, and poverty of conception, are the distinguishing features of this Play in Five Acts—a perpetration which, unless so un- deniably accredited, we should have long hesi- tated to father upon the Hunter River Bard. The fugitive poems which follow are for the most part brilliantly beautiful, thus painfully contrasting with the ill-digested composition which precedes them. We have selected the one to which we, after no little difficulty, have ceded the palm, and which appears in the first page of our present issue. " HAIÜC FOIIWAKD AusTitALiA."-Amongst the numerous improvements now daily being cifected in thc public buildings and business establishments of tliis city, few exhibits a more startling renovation from tho neglect and thc accumulated " dnst of ages" than those spacious premises formerly known ns thc City Theatre,, but which hnve liccn traniformcd into a magni- ficent Furniture Dépôt by tile Messrs. Dean, late of London, Fitted up in a stylo little less splendid and attractive than that of thc Uphol- stery Show Booms of the Great Metropolis, and replete With every variety of thc newest designs in tho riehest material, those rooms are well . worthy of inspection, not only by purchasers, but by the public generally. This establishment may fairly bc classed amongst the most complete of nny in Sydney. » . i ., Il 111 I FREAKS or Ceri».-This incorrigible urchin j has lieen playiuç a game sub- rusa-auj,.;^ Ia r-:sy game in tho neisthbourhood of Woot.w. mooloo, in which the "letter G represen:» ;àa iaitiul of the surnames of the tnt tlc doves. »>;e. ! of "ours" is zealously occupied in annu-elün« the thread of the story, and obtaining eopi« Jj the tender billeudmix which pas ed between thu amorous pair. On tito completion of hi- M?',:, we shall present oar readers with the c.ur.ül,r' this true love which, as usual, did not run ipa:« so smoothly as was prayed for by the l..vin:« ones. HANSOM'S CADS.-Bather a doubtful opitii r. of the np] ropriateness of the designation "pa. tent Safety," given to these cabs, mast have been entertained by th-se, beside- ourselves, who wit- nessed the d'Out of one of these iccently ¡at ported vehicles in Monday. As it was "¡ro grcssiug," as Brother Jonathan would say, down Park-street, the jarvcy, " unaccustomed as he was to sieh kind of driving," c ntrived to b'.in;: his cab into contact with a baker's catt. The coucusiiou knocked him oil' his perch 0:1 to the step, arjd fr jin thence he slipped unhurt io mother earth. Fortunately he retained posses- sion of the reins, and, being nimble of foot, succeeded in cutchhig his horse's head, before thc animal had time to luke alarm. I Tuc DKAÜA.-The Great Australian Currency ! Question of "Should encouragement be given ú> I native talent ?" will, we trust, be satisiketorily resolved on the occasion of Mn. WILLIS J " benefit'' on Monday evening next. This deser- vedly popular actor has, by his assiduous demo- tion to ids profession, attained un enviable posi- tion amongst his " brethren of the kook atm buskin," and which the public have not been *Iuw to acknowledge oil his previous appeals to their favorable consideration. Thc dramatic least to which he now specially invites his frier.jj is unqiiesti .iiably one of thu mose judiciously selected of the several programme's which have been issued during the season ; and we have every confidence in anticipating a " bumper" tribute to bis exertions towards the advancement of the colonial drama. The .' benefit" 1 f Mr. John Howson on Monday last, we regret to say, fell infinitely short of both his and our expecta- tions-doubtless owing iu a great measure to the fact of the G .vernor .Geueral's patronage of tho Promenade Concert ou that evening. The maideu appeal of Miss Cullins on Thursday wm responded to with a liberality which cannot fail to encourage this young lady- in the proseen: ion of her professional studies, and to which her hitherto strict application eminently entitled her. KAISER'S SERENADEKS.-The Sydney public Will be gratified to learn that, un the expiration of their engagement of fourteen nights in Mel- bourne, this talented company intend revisiting this city. Their tour through the Colonie» has been marked by the most signal sncees-. PROJECTS AND COMPANIES. A nation's wealth that overflows Will sometimes in its course disclose Fantastical contortions; 'Tis like the rising of the Nile, Which fats the soil and breeds the while Strange monsters and abortions. Gilded by El Dorado dreams, No wonder that a hundred schemes Assume a tinge romantic; And even now, beneath our eyes What ignes fatue now arise Extravagant and antic. With each new moon new bubbles rise, Each as it flits before our eyes Its predecessor quashing; All at their rivals freely throw Their dirt, to which we doubtless owe The Company for Washing. Male laundresses! how grand to see Your treasurer, chairman, deputy, And mangling directors All in the suds, and some in doubts What charge to make for children's clouts, And nether-end protectors. This, bending o'er the tub directs The wash, the starch and blue inspects, The waste of soap denounces; That, ferrets unextracted dirt, Or shows what irons to insert In ladies' puckered flounces. Better our superflux to waste In peaceful schemes, howe'er mis-placed, Than war and its abuses; But better still if we could guide And limit the Pactolian tide To salutary uses. CURIOSITIES REQUIRED FOR OUR MUSEUM. The binding of the Book of Fate, j A hair (not app-irent but mai) of the dog I thnt bit yon. The dorsal fin of a hind shark. A tea-sorviee of a bulldog's mettle. ; A treatise on tho best way to cure the tick ia thc human subject. A bough from a cerulean tree. Some cockles fresh gathered from the beech. A handful of feathers for a watery pillow. A few dried specimens of the" fruit of the saddle-tree. A branch taken without leaf from thc boot tree. A mein, nf tho height, age, and complexion of the stranger who exclaimed .. Off ! otî" I" with n calculation of the distance at which his " light bark" might bc heard. A pinch of thc snuff Lundyfo t was up to, with the snuffers he used in his" workshop. The knife with which Boney cut his stick from Elba. The bag out of which thc cat was permitted to emerge. A bucket of the mixture with which David pitched his tent. A counterpane from the'bed of thc river. Tho aural nerve of mi car of com, preserved in tears from a weeping willow. An abridgement of llauiitih Brown's life with numerous cuts by Greenacre. An entire suit of black got by Henry Kcinblc, list]., out of a piece of broad cloth, hórizontally nnd vertically, i.e. not on the cross. I'nocitESs OF Titi: INFLUENZA-Although our own particular establishment proems somewhat less tho appearance of thc Fever Wnrd in tho General Hospital, than it did at the last time of writing, wo can scarely pronounce ourselves con- valescent. If, however, there be any pleasurable feeling in the knowledge that wc possess a host of sympathizers in our fellow-sufferers, we may take comfort to our wheezy bosoms, and saiilc flt the ruthless impairer of our accustomed salubrity of mind and body. The march of the insñhwu» enemy has extended itself' over thc border, «jul Victoria weeps over its ravages in common with ourselves. But few fatal instances hate beeu recorded, but its debilitating effects are not to be. sneezed at, nnd " We're all coughing, cough-cough-coughing. We're ail coughing at home and in the streets." FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.-His Excellcncy Colonel Butterworth, the Governor of Singapore, and Janies M'Evoy, Esq., Governor of the Mur- rumbidgee, honored tho theutro with their pre- sence on Wednesday evening. Qt/AiiTKii SESSIONS.-Tile sittings of this Court commenced on Tuesday, with an average number of interesting CJL-CS "for trial ; at least one-half of which might have hceu summarily disposed of by the Police mil liontes, nt a con- siderable saviug of the publie convenience and expense. A tpiart pot, a napless Mountcnstle, half a pint of sour sky-blue, a sleeve-loss upper beiijamiii.Jand a nutmeg-grater were amongst Ojc list of valuables mis- appropriated, and " by due course of law" restored to their legitimate owners. Olm BOY'S VEUY LAST.-"Tho tarnation Yankees says as they whips all creation, but I cárdate we Australians licks the Yankees. Their dander riz a few when I exploded thi« sentiment, and the click o' rewolwors perwailed on rae to abdicate the subject. But" I knocked 'cm stunnin."-From " /¿veninas Abroad," fry Our Fastest Ypiuip»ltr. QUESTIONS FOR" ANSWKIUXO.-Why did Mr. Towns, Mr. Darley, Mr. Murnin, and Mr. Ebs- worth attend nt tho Police Office on Thursday, at tho Publican's Licensing Meeting ? Why wm thc application of John Roden, for a license to thc Packet Inn, Miller's Point, refused ? Why did all the other magistrates nnit the Bench, leaving a decided majority against a certain ap- plication ? "We await A reply. More of tl"« aiton, PiiojrnsABB CONCERTS.-Slr. Winterbottom' magnificent band is winning its way through th ernst of apathv with which tho iiircllectmtls < Svdaev (to their discredit be it spoken) huv lien hitherto wottr- to invest cveryihing of supo rioritv which luis boen sought tu bo introduce > anieaisc them ; and should these gentlemen de Jennine upon prolonging their visit, we think the; Bia*" calculate upon the eventual recognition r. their unrivalled claims to the supp rt of th n-jMic. It is rumoured that the company has i in ioiitcmnlation to give a periodical '. Ball ¡ cUi with ï:ich ineitcment to the indulgence c their IVrpfi'-horean propensities, the ladies' v.-;: t'urclv carn- the question in favor of thc carrym: out iVthi-'project. We perceive that Mr. Henri Durant, the celebrated professor of the cornet-a piston has announced his " benefit" at the Hoya II. tel (nt Tuesday evening ; and all who h¡iv ..nailed themselves" of the upt.-ovttmity of hearinj ibe incomparable execution of this gemlemat npon tins favorite and fashionable, instrument will, we trust, enlist their friends for the oeea j'.Ml. iSQt-Esr EXTRAORDINARY -On Friday an in ooest was held at the Old White Hart i itu, upoi the Wv of Major J.ihn Downey, who died sud deoly a'day or two previously. The Major Jun ribed hinwelf to a high position, entirely by hi. own merit, and although only two feet one incl in height when in his booîsv, he was the mos darius and" accomplished rider we ever saw Manv a tear has been she l over him. for tin Major possessed many amiable qualities, wa: never known to flinch from his bottle, or t ^ sa\ an unkind word to any one. lu short, Majn'i John Downey was the name bestowed upon ¡In monkey which was wont to appear in full regi- mental": at Mr. Xoble's circus, and delight bb stti'jencc with his intelligence and docility, ami iis daring feats of horsemanship. A post mar wu examination showed that the poor beast had long beea suffering from a disease supposed to hare been caused by the varieties of food which ; ¿e had takeB ; for the Major was a regular ; reeeiver-geueraj, and could put away" any '.giren" qHantity, either in the liquid or more fabiiantial line, lie has left a successor who bids -fair to rival the departed Major.-Melbourne J/jrnixy Herald, Maj/ 3. ECECCTIOX or DAMON AN» KELLY.-At «git o'clock this morning, about 201)0 persons assembled in front of the gaol, Launceston, to iritness the last penalty of the Jaw enforcer) upon -, tie unfortunate men. Dalton and Kelly, who were ! mvicteil at the last sitting of tire Supreme Court of the murder of Thomas Buekmaster. . At eight o'clock the two unfortunates were escorted to the place of execution, and the ropes were' immediately adjusted, when Dalton informed the Sherill'of his intention to address the spectnt rs. He then, with a linn voice, . stated that he had been 1'or the last seventeen years trying to gain his freedom ; that nine years ago this mouth he had been sen- tenced to death in Launceston for absconding ; sad that now ho was to die for the murder of Thomas Buekmaster, of which he was guilty, and he hoped the Lord would have mercy on his'sou!; sari pardon all who had oppressed* him. Kelly theni stated, with a finn voice, that he was about » die for the murder of Thomas Buekmaster, vhic/i he dill not commit; lie was not a blood- thirsty man: hud he been he could have shot him aa ho passed the verandah, but he trusted God toúi forgive him his sins, and take his soul to Barren. The two culprits then shook hands niitlic Sheriff, Mr. Yurkcr (hy whom Kelly was attended) and those on the platform, and thev «.¿rc launched into eternity. The crowd, which iris greater than ever witnessed on such an occa tioa btffore, then dispersed.- Launceston Ex amiar.r, April 2G, j -i ? ?_i1..-.-.1" |*lmi11-..-HT 