LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THUUSDAT, JDLV 14TU, 1853. Members Present. NO.t.KLECTIVB. GLCoTIVE. Col.-Secretary. The Speaker. C.ol.-Treasurer. Mr. W. Archer. Attcrney-Genctal. — Gleadotv. Solicitor-General. — Cox. Mr. Aiiison. — Kermode. — iitsdee. — Fentoa. — Leake. tiharland. — Walker. •— Gre^-son. — Morrison. — Cleburne. — Nutt \-- Dunn. — Chapman. Mr F P V T / . S 1 J J V^.o f , ^ , „ r M ?r SS 10 Ills D-XCenen y lor copy Ot »lr. >nnrland's lctivr tcM^e Surveyor-General 27 l-Vlironrv IR4« t„ ib. Rnr««nr f<In .7 llnlrriaK^Dh« , . he r ni l . . I f 7i C c " ^ K J r ^ i 11 ,'l S I»] lb c J S , t renlv thereto "-accreiarys M- iTii;c rr„.J.ri , J. „ , I 11V,ll ,, ^ lirTation of such suinTi^mcnu-v mr He II h T l i" j : • , , in ! 7 «»y of pension v ,i or • oil, — erw.se, i .u "'i m . consider- c 0 Bo de s ' :rv,c,:s0, lhc lute Sergeant { cti m i l wo,., , u , i ; j 1 1 1 "f Sf'ARLAKiHto-morrow). Addres. lo ]„S Eicellmry to place a» the ostimal« for ihe ensuing year a pension of ^100 t0 t,,e w i d o w of ,he ,ttte P " " R "- j ' for leave to bring in a Hill to amend tbe Z r / r . h 0 . ^ " 8 ,n r1LT,l°M a v en , at - ,,e Cth and 7th sectionrof the Act 15 Victoria, ffJOl! . InllnfT V. ,t,tu oil. . nii.inloll.intt An . . . ,or CIJns ratlutn .. lruc,1,l l m.. « ~ regulating auu niaimaining eeitain i ross and Bj-a y< Hoadd in the UUnd of Van Die- Land. »rt-i*ws—(Lnunmton.) Mr. fiLHADOW laid on the table certain isye-laws passed by the Municipal Council of Launceston, from No. 3 to 25 inclusive. The AVTORXEY-GENEHAL having inquired if tbe hon. member moved the printing of the bye-laws, or whether it was competent to move it, the Speaker elated il was competent, bul not usual. The Solicitor <>eueral observed that it was published in the Gazette. THE NAHE OR THJT COLOSV. Mr. SHMtLAM), pursuant to notice, brought forward liii motion for the adoption of ihe following Address: — To the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty. ^ J T - ^ ^ ^ ^ S i ^ t e ' the Jlen.br.of the L^Iative Council of V«i Diemen's Land in Council assembled, beg leave to approach vour Majesty with the .durance of our attachiren. to your JWajesty^ person and government. We beg ieave humbly to represent to your Ma;e-»y iliae this p.-,rtion of your Jfajesiy'e do- million* has never received uuy oilier name that of Van Diemen's Land, given IO it when ] iscovered in 16*2, ty Abe! J ins Tasman,« Dutch navigator, who named it slier Anthony ( V«m Dremra. at tbM time Uovemor of Bttavia, a • Dutch lliitrh settlement. ««tt temenL 1 t , That a portion of the Dnrthein part of New Holland also bean the same designation. That it i« the humble opinion of tliis Council that tic present time, vlien your Majisty has been (.taciomly pleased to conler on us t tec Institutions, and the colony is about to be declared no longer a penal settlement, is a proper oscssion for us to beg ihnt your Slajesty will be pleised to detaroine the name which shall be given in future to this portion of the British £uip:re. That vour > ajesty ita< been plca-ed to is«ue lietters J'atent creating this Colony into a See, styled the Diocese of Tasmania. That die colony is now frequently spoken of as Tasmania; and that name h preferred by the colonists generally, and by thu Co ncil. We therefore humbly pray that your Mainly will be graciously pleased to proclaim that, in respect to this colony, the name of Tasmania be substituted for that of Van Uiemco'i t/8Dd, a just tribute to the able navigator Tasman by whom it was discovered. And addicssed the house to this effect — lit bringing forward this address now, I trust there will be no difference of opinion, mid [ imagine there can bi' none as to the object itself. !f there should lie any on slight grounds, I hope •ihj.-ctioit will be wuived, (is I have no lies t itinn in saying it is the general opitiiim of lite community rans that the name uf Van Dicmcn's Land should be changed it inity he suiu— " What is there i» a name! Snrelylhe name of Van Uieiiien's Land is us goo.l as Tasmania !' Now it lias always struck nte, (without makitigjany nice distinction) that the r.ainc was rather objectionable. Look- narrowly into tlie subject, I do not kliow any other instance tvhere a colony is designated as belonging to any o her person, and regarding the way in which it is written, it would lead one to - suppose , . that at some time or other Van Hienieii's Land belonged to Van Diemen beyond Governor; his own modesly probably preventing hiin from naming it altrr liiitiself. But it is not to this point I would refer so much as to some of the grounds in the o'udress. he name of Tasmania has been almost of universal adoption ; at nil events it is called as much Tasmania as Van Diemens Land; anil, in fact, when it is wished to spenk highly of it is said— Hail Tasmania! (A laugh), thus aiving the colony a name which it li:is no light to. It is, as we ail know, only her Majesty whoican changethe name, by proclamation; changed the name of Port Phillip to Victot-in, f conceive it will be the w'sh of fliis Council, as it is that of the colony generaily, that her Majesty wiil be graciously "change » « > —Tasiinnia. Some difficulty may occur j„ future years from the circumstance that 'as.iisn on the same occasion, named a . portion of the,continent of New Holland "Cape Van Diemen;" we have also the 1 Gulf of Van Diemen's; and as llie name [ now given maybe handed down lo pos- 1 ^ J how far c Van ! m c o m e ^ntQ noti<.Ci co|ifoU))d. , . t)ie id/a3 of e0I)|c 11S t0 |ocaIity. 1 n Another reason why it is deemed (by iny- ; self at all events) a proper time to a~k for a change of name, is that we have, as we ' "> " dittereni (jrisiffoir-ss' s^WW^arfid . 'hat we have hitherto enjoyed; in other : w »r ds w e - h ,' lve 19 ^ = ulled 1 ,istitu,ion s ; 0 " d wa have »1«0 received from ]ier Mnjesty's Government a most manly and straightforward reply 10 the ol.je.- fl - - f. ' . lions m<tde — *'- •' the continuaiicc of transportation; my mind the ''"patch of the Duke of Newcastle " , B ! nost m a n l y ( ? CB l ia,c ! 1 wfl,ch eve ' r >' «!™ivt mustadmiie, H»dbe g,a;ifi,d to think moot that UIAI we sie have iiiiac11 a-ecretary of :tate to epCuk clearly and di i • - , istinc-ly oceord : ng to the language of the address, that "the colony 1> about tn b« declared nu longer a penal settlement." 1 here can be doubt on the subject; and we must doubt that fhesun shines if we doubt the word of a mau of high honor and integrity .uch as (he fluke of Newcastle has proved himself to be; and is, as far as his despatches to this colony are concerned, borne nut now ns a member oftlie administration. It may he -aid ihe Order 111 Council has not yet b;en revoked; and I would point out that the address does not say it has; for some time , must . elapse before . l that i - can i be done; but seeing we have to deal with a government which has declared that trans- portniion shall cease, I do not ihmk this Council enn have a particle of doubt that lt will be carried out; and this Council wiil be prepared to act as if it were done, 1 don t mean lo say we should altogelhcr yield, and not hold back in some parti- Culars; but this is a question in which 110 principle is involved, and 011 which there IS no occasion lo hold h:i;k at all. If, However, nowever, it it he ne the me opinion opinion01 of this tins Council Council that th-. nnme nf lli» r.nl.mv Blin„l.l „_. l"" 1 the name of ,""'"^"r U tlie Colony "r S should ', lolU not ", not be cl,;l n f , ' d 1 a ' ! of c0UrE "- e . hou:id Jo defer lo it; but ' A 1 must ' nu81 say 1 I never — r heard '-Htd a single person yet give an opinion that ^ b f f V U»der ,hese circumstances I have brought forward ,|lis address; ont of the council I am persuaded the proposal will be well receivc d and 1 trust U ' ^cive the >'«»est support of every member in it. The o n 'j" point of objection (can conceive is thai J ust » lluded «« »"»ay be said the change should not tuke chiin(re shou,d not t„ke ^ place un„, until ,,,„ tho ; j JrJe? in Counc;( (ha|, ^ ,lctUilliv rc. | Toked; bul to that I answer, that we have not a Grey to deal with; we have a man : of hi h |?on„r :ilui i n l . o n d ;„ hi„ despalch il has gone fortl, t ^t (not as a former Secn-b.ry ,.f State inlimated, that ihe lime would soon arrive when it would ;no more convicts are to arrive here: therefore, for an instant that ! any -hij . ' administration . . . . will . ..in draw u«u>. back .a^s from nuin * i these positive declarations on the subject, would be unwise in the extreme. 'J he coionv has already, as is well known to the council, been created into an Episcopal ?ee as ihe Tlince'e of 'Ihimnnia, and tb.it one step is almost an intimation to us that Tasmania is the more appropriate nnme. X have even heard it said that the name' mit;ht he changed, but the colony never asked for it; therefore it only remains fir us to ask for it, and we shall get a better name. I need not say the colony is now frequently spoken of as Tasmania; whenever we speak of one portion ot the community, the fair sex, we do nol say the fair Van Oiemoniuns, but tlie fair Tasmaniaus (a laugh.) I am sure, if .hn' argument doe* not weigh with the cuuucil, it will operate with others (hear, he ir.) ITn-re is nothing further on « hieli I think it necessary to remark at present. The conclusion ol ihe Addres. that thf name proposed will be " a just tribute to the able' I'mvigj-. ^' r "Tasm^Tiy"whom it^wiis discovered!" „!„, be urged ; and formyself, I shall ,. - •' • l' r ® ,er ,i,lt dl,ldr -" »«"» inhabit ihe colony long tt ter my time. slioiibl be called J asmauians rather than hy "ny other name, l lie hon. member then morel the Addreai. '"Mr DUti^ SPccn.ied. Mr, (1,1,, A D. tVV regretted that tie could: not pve his Assent to the Atlilreisfi : j)e (Jj,)^, tjj^, A,)tJ,.(,ej ifsc]}; n o r did 1|e like fte • j|ue whic,,";t ,vu6 bruuglit *... • .• forward.' at .. « .» . . « .. !!«• al«o thought tlie reasons stated in the Adiiress anything !iut*iitisfnclory (lifur, lirar.) Two reasons were jddiired for tltis ^irni'eedtllg by the h»n member (Mr. S'larianri i: first, tiip Bishop of Van Dlcm.-ii'i l.unil by her >iujestv'n I otters Patent, styli d Bishop of I'iiMltanu; and SPCU 'lily, tlie intended discimtiuu nice of frauajiumii n. He awaro had not a b.n' name (a Inuph), ; b.f m:ny circu i.s ances agreed to make | the < unadtkible. He thought the parson had eone out of bis way WHO Miggn«ted that the Bishop should be calle l Bisltnp of I nsmania; clse« lier<\- it tvas different; at New Zealand,the Bishop was called Bishop of New Zealand; and (he Bishop p ol of "jiln'.-y ^jdnt-y was called Binbup . of Sydney ley (a member—Bishoji of Australia.) begged pardon—I'ishop of Australia, in, , he ... did not see why ... they were called upon to do nny justice to this Abel .lane Ta$m in (laughter ) It appeared he had the matter 2011 years ugo in his own h:ind<, atwl tl.ougltt proper to give the imme of the Governor ol' Bi.tavia; wh.-liter lie owed n debt of gratitude to this I u'ch goveino;', he eoultl not (ell, but probably he jrot his reward. He (Mr. Gleadow) did not see that they should trouble themselves about Tasniati, or "|iaying a ju3t tribute to that able navigator," as proposed ill the Address of the lion, member fur Bucking hum (Mr. Nutt—> iMiberland,) he meant the iioR member for Cumberland (alaitgh) I !. ... .. I I.:... I. ,1 unless it were to have hiin handed down to sueceeling generations that he took credit to himself fur not naming it so at the time of the disrovery ; lie was not aware they were bountl lodo particular justice to Tastnan himself, ^r that there were any of his acquaintances or members of his family in ihe colony -of lliein there WHS no men- marks lo the stme effect, said he should be quite willing that the name should l>e changed when their circuinstanceschanged (hear, hear f Tin ugh he approved, as much as any member of that house, the pledge fliafjliat) been given lliatt-aiisp .rlation should cease, he conceived that was not sufiisient fmcliangina the name at the prerent time; (lie liott-e hnd petifioned her Majesty 10 revoke the Order in Council, ani true they had the promise that their request should be complied with ; hut he would remind them that they had had a convict coionv, « convict constabulary, anil x convict "establishment: there were many things in (his colony which they wish-iJ to be removed, uml which »°f. V a new name (Itsar, hear.) Suppose the name were to be alle.ed, and they were to have such circumstr.ni-es occur as they had heard of yesterday, anil 011 other occasions, those things wou u be associated with the name of Tasmania, and ill faet their circuinstanees and condition under ihnt name might be as bid a^, when it was called Vnn Diemen's Land ; tl.ey would then waul the ame changed to aomelhing else, and would become as notorious with iheir aliases-(a laugh) HS more effectually lo be branded as hiMStftifRKmiJBiJy., the colony should bee.ome completely Tree fiom convic.is.ri, and Ihe Order of Council revoked and all millers aaanged, so'that its convict character shall have disap- \- peared; , and llle colony be able to Like its " ~ J r t v - - — ' * — stand as a free colony, with the oilurr colonics of Auvtralia, thnn the q-i«ti«n of changing the lmme mighl be eoosiderud; iderud; no' now when lliey would run the risk of being b.-«,.d,d with such circumstances as1 he had alluded to. He trusted this would h- the opinion of the House; at all events, these were the grounds which should induce h 111 lo vole against this address ( ear, hear.) Mr AI-USUN.-I rtse,. Sir, to say I cannot support the propos.tion of (lie Ion. member on the o.hlr iiile. My fir.l rerollections^of ^tlus ^colony are as Van Diemen's Lund, and I hope my last will b- so, also. As Van Diemen's Land it has risen; as Van Diemen's Land it has progressed,' and cotne to its present posi* lion ; and I iniKt say 1 can see no benefit by a change. I will ad 1, too, that of the name, j . Van t Diemen's , . Land, ... this . colony J need not be ashamed. (Hear, hear) Mr. SlIAllLAND said he did not wish to press his motion if the sense or hon. members was against if. If it was the opinion of llie House that lliey should wail until ihc Order in l ouncil should be actually revoked, he had not the leasi objection to withdraw it. It was an Address that should obviously meet with niiatiimoas assent, if passed, and if worth any thing he should be sorry thai it should be otherwise otnerwise than man tinani tinani nously nously received. received. He He w.,,<lr) would consent th., that i, it -1, should IJ stand over mat it should stand over until fhe end of ihe 'essioii, or make it contingent on the revocation ofthe Order contingenton ll.e revocation 'of the Order in Council. The hon. member having apre,iled t, fhe hon. and learned membef for Cornwall to know if he would consent loan amendm nt of the Address, ' Mr. G LEAD iW replied that he never would support this Address, cither now or at any other period. He had slated sevend objections', and there were others that would* prevent him Irom adopting the Adllre68\ ' Ur. s If AH LAND hiving obtained ""ed the ihe permission of ibe House, then withdrew the motion, THE CONSTABULAHT. .Mr. IV. A110HE it rose to move, pursuant to notice, " That an address be pre.cnted to His EKCL. lency the Lieutenant- Governor, praying that Sl. lat ! Hir£xcell^wTu be"pl=a«d'to cause"to"be laid on tbe {able of ibis House a re,urn °f 'he .. »•"- total wm.1 - n .. mber . . of . men mi... . forming .v.u....6 ° the .ne . con- wu- I "abilary force of this colony; together with ths ""ginal offence, sentence, and police cha- "« er of u c h indil ' id »' pass-holder and ticketo ; f " lMVe ho,der Bmon '» r t,ltm '" . i I Tbe hon. member observed that seeing one j ghost had just been brought into th- Council to-day, and after the debate of vesterday, lie (>lr. Archer) would be as brief as the ' ghost ol Hamlet. He wished to ascertain, hy this return, the condition And character uf the police force, that the inhabitants might know, when they fell into their hands, if those whose province it was to preserve the peace were nul, f;o:n their education, disposition and habits most I kily to be the hist to break it. The duties of constables were lo preserve the peace, and protect the lives and proper.y of the people; hut if it was shotvu tiiat the police fore.- was constituted of those who bad been convicted of murder under extentiuting circumstances, who h id perh ipi hid the rope round the:r necic, and just escaped hanging, would they d^em tliem fit men to protect tneir lives f >eill.er ! woul I the burglirnor the p ikpocket he deemed suiied m gq ird tbe doors, windows, and property of those of wh.im they were guardians. It wan absurd lo imagine foi a moment, thai they could be. 'Ihiae were j not tlie description of men employed in j England; they were persons chosen BBJij jiattem of integrity and good conduct ! preat care being taken to select able.flna J; fit men. 1 lie Acta oT( oUnciloTthU colony 1 wer iso to the same effect, tor the 2 Vict. ] No. 2 sec. 58, only authnrised^the Cbi' f j Police Magistrate to'uppoint" fit and able (A member. - Ifyoucatiget . tliein.) . . No, there was nothing said of "If you can get them 1" (laughter).) He maintiiined thilt there were H lurge numb r of persons in the police who were not only not "fit," but not"B'ile" men, judgitig from a number he saw mustered at thl the New Market Plane, who, like Bombtate.' army, were walking up and down" like knights in beer and muck." 1 he qtialifica tions of those who were fit to puard life ctitl propertv, were honesty, sobriety, intelligencf, pducstion, courage, and benevolence \- nil these were required ill neonstable ; but . he . apprehended . if he had tliR of the police force, he might find men destitute of all those qualities. - . The . lion member went on to say he did not wish for their names, hut if he were to take tliein by numbers, ur.d have a sheet ef paper with columns f.tr the v/iriou- heailinps he might find, for instance, No. 5, honetty, nil; intelligence—very cunning; education nil; or can read and write-or forge, Then under the head "Courage," h. would perhaps find No. 9 nil; ^ No. 10, "savage;" another '* ferncioiis," but not one "courageous." And with regard to regurd to "benevolence," whoever could expect benevolence iiinong prisoner con-. stables wlio had been drafted out of con- .l,l». A., n.n.al l,.r ill. l^lliflf |l|llirs vict ships on arrival, by the Chief Police Magistrate, like so many sheep! Though they might not expect to find these quahfications, it was quite necessary there should be something approaching them. Instead of courage they would probably find ferocity, as in, the case of the parties referred to ! yesterjlay by the hon. member for Camp- colony that men appointed to districts would he found asleep on their posts; he h id heard of two young gentlemen, who found (us was his custom) a constable reposing in the afternoon, and they took away his baton (a laugh, and a voie.e— that w.is larceny) they paid him a senond visit, and asked where his baton was, but lie could not tell; indeed they found him so insensible that they might have picked his pockets of the last sutn he had stolen from some one else ('laughter, and oh! 0I1!) Then, there was a very subject in this colony! quite practicable, and he would at o ic say thai if fliey found they hud men in the force who h id been perjurers or murderers, although it 111 glit take a year to iret others " fit" in their place It was al^urd to s;ty th -y could get able and fit" men from the semirings of the jjnul, and lo maintain the position lliat_ numbers and not ability were to be ihe criterion, it wus so aiisurtl, as as only only to to be be named named among cliililicn. 1..1.1-— The hon. hon. Coh.nial Colonial ••ecretii .1 sni'l yester lay, ~or r course " it was not 11 *' lie " expected that or course it was no «•••'• d men am mg those th-y «'«uld get go 1 out for tin ir crimes who had been sent c The C L. SEC—No; I did not say that. The that, A'tClIER begged pardon, but llv ,.. Mr - were guilty of offences a-jninsi'the jaw ; but surely there were (Ml' rences amon-st liien"^"hewho sloie'a'loiifof imVid 'ihrouVh I starvation was not to be c put Vut on it « llord e with a murderer 1 lilt „;-re were men m the coionv who hud been *eiu <»u: fo» light! crimes, who hnd miccmcl their charaeters and hnd e tt-rs and hnd even become an honor to the community. He had kmnvn such, an.l respected "them lint he had another argument lo adv.mee namely, lh;it such a force was altogether unconstitutional ; and llieir amiointment WHS C-nirary to llie ^ct of the B/iiish Parliament 5 an 1 tf Victoria, (Jh .p. 1 U, seel. 7 «iii,-h prolu- I biled the a^pointmetil as constables of : persons convicted «f cert no enm-js. The AT I'OUN KY-li EN E A1. rose inertly lo prevent llie lion, me nher fro 11 flrgui.tgupnn afillacy, as it was well known " that acts of parliament passed alter llie act by which this colony wis settled, did nut apply here, unless extended by express enactment, or bv uct of council, Mr. W. A IK. 1115 it would therefore abandon that —=> argument . at — once. It was ....... of necess ty that the found! should consider whit c.vtivm; injustice wns perpetrated all the time the police force was constituted as it was at present. Tlie .ion. member then related a cuse which k«dbeen mid him by a gentleman on whom he could rely, in wliie.h a man wlio was perfectly sober, had been rushed upon by I hive constables, and beaten with their staves. The A'tTUKAiiY OE.VER.VL—What for? Mr. Mr. ARCH AllL'U Ml—Mi! (ill—Mi! thatisthe thatisthe question, H. He was, however, beaten until 1 lie I.. was intie was, however, ueateu until he was insensible, and then dragged to tlx; w.ilchhouse and charged with being house and charged withteing drunk. Anolher case he would mention who had had a glass of grog hut were not drunk, who were taken offto the watchome. Alter they had been there some time, one of then saw his knife lying on the table ; the other had a purse wit:. i'S 10, in his pocket; alter some lit.le time he missed that. fhe men naturally made a great noise; but finding il of no use, they sat pown quielly. Oi, awaking ihenext morning, slrunge to say, he found the purse in : his pocket again. (L.mKht.r.) .le (Mr. Aiclier) did not regret what had taken place ' yesterday, bul he should have liked tohtivo "ten .1 . appended J> .1 to tlut vote , statement , ... that none of the money so voted should be expended m the payment of convict petty constables, Mr. GLKADO'-V said tint he was nwarc it was not usual in seconding a motion to m make any remark, but he thought that in order to justify the tjurse they might take, the Council nhould make it perfectly clear. This cnu!d only be d -lie by furnishii g the in formation asked lor by ihe lion, member for Westbury. j The COLONI AL SECRE i AltY <l d not , »oe that any benefit woul.f arise from adopt- ; ing the course recommended by the hon. j member ' for - -•• Westbury. • He should, for his part, give any information in his power, i but the information sought for could not be j fu ni lied by the tiolonial Depjr.ineot but t by the Convict Department He should, ; however, decidedly object to the nubheation of tile nrunes. What good cou J it do ! lo tell the inlitbitants th t a class ot con- , stable* v.e-e bu glars, ihieves. and murder- CI S He would liowi ver slate, that if the : honourable incmuer wo.i1d withdr.w lis , motion, he ({fie Colonial Secretary) would a-k tlie Cjmptroller G< eral to uruish such information as the Committee might require, and he did not doubt uut that .t would be . so furnished. Mr. GLK\DJW—Probably the hon. C it mini Secretary would go a little further" When tbe grievance f^nn nitte were sitting, tl.e I'omplrollei General refused lo fzive infornialion without the order of the Lieut, Governor. Would the Colonial Secretary undertake io sByTfltat the Lieut. Governor would direct tlie ColnptroUer General to attend and give such information as tlie commi'See might require. r • ' The COL SECHliTARV; did.rot aee why the nttcndaucc of tliej Comptroller General was tiecesiury. His (impression , 5 was that ndmittiiy; these men w-re of tlie ' ! worst pontile siiile cliiir.ictcr, no g;oofl>oul'l gooo^wouL'i be ue t , | effected by makitig flint (it ><'ic. I'uch 4?IIC!I had I been said about the chi"f jiolice magistrate, I ns having selected the wurst men, or in not huvini; exercise j propEi-citiciti tlie acleo . ' tion of these men. Such certainly was Hot • • the ca«e. I | - Mj. W. ARCHSR explair.ed, andaskefl H Jeave to willi'lniw his motion, in order lo give lime to the Colonial -eci'etary lo «scertHin tlie intention of llie government on this tnatler, and wlK'tlier the Comptroller- General would furnisli the require! iuformotion. Mr KERMODE would tske this oppor- «. tunity of recording hi« solemn protest against file course pursued • by the ... «Colonial . . . \- ecretury. The inhabitants of tlie colony were entitled li> the information, that they might know their properly was properly protected, and they might sleep comfortably in their beds. The committee ought not to be in such it position that the ('nmpiroller (iiMieial of Convicts, thit great personage, might refuse to give information, as lie liud p'eviousV done The SOL.-GENEUAL.—The ConiptroIier- Kenerai did not refuse to give the information, but simply in the form it was asked for nr. KGRMODE took it that such information did not put the colony in a l-nllnp mt.iMnn clin.ilil lllB Pvpilllpllov teller position, should Uis Excellency have refused lo give the order to supply it. In his opinion that house was infilled to command hU Excellency, and the t omp. trollcr-General too; and he would assert and reiterate it again and again, until every hon- member would understand, that if at that time the information had face ol the very reasonable request for delay Should this house agree to the proposition of the hon member for Westbury, and should the government refuse . the Returns, he would protest against such conduct, not only in tile house but elsewhere. The se'lect committee could not be expected to do justice without such information, and ; he — denied the —- right -a--- of -- the Coinpiroller-i.eueral .—11—.! 1 to refuse it, with ..,..1. whom he h oubl deal very summarily in case of his refusal. «hat fhey tt-anfed was the truth; and lliey could not be expected lo .10 the colony justice uuless they we-e fnruished Willi live characters end conduct of the men at present 111 the police force. If it should Itnn out to be enable to dishtnid the police force nt once, why should th y wait for six monlhs if an increased vole would enable the government to secure tile services of proper and efficieut persons . , I lie Speaker then look the sense of the housa as 10 .ir. Archer being nllowed 10 withdraw Ills million i and, It being opposed, he decided lliat it could not be withdrawn. After a few remark, from Mr. Gleadow Air. NU 11' st.ited his intention of voting ,l u " mo'-'oti of ihc lion, member for j Westlmry, »'- • 1 ns — lie wis disposed — lo place the I greatest , rclimce oil the pledges - of the hon. llle t'olonial Secrelnrv*. Mr. CHAf'M.V- then mavedtas nn amend ne it, 10 leave out the words '"on the table of ihis house," and substitute, in .'> " before ill': seieci in omittee ojijKimted to mijdiie into Hie efficiency j alld working of llie police force. ""M Mr. T SHTR SJiAll ! IN .Ts-eo'i"^!!' the re=r>- ! 1 j lution, v c and - ofTer.d i a 1few , remarks . . depre- ^ ! catory of the vehement tone «d«med by b»me hon mci»b«rs tie not think it | was ihe way tn refdr.n .my man, let his , charac»ei- be ever no b'a k, by blazoning ' that blackness to the worl.l. j Mr. ..IJiAlMW remarked, that the ! l,<m. member for UVstbury did nor require j tlienanc. lie also honed that the hon ! member forOa.npbell Town would with J ,„•„ oniio.iii.m ( rulv "r. lvi-IUlO )I5 conlenileil lhat lie bad „, P J ^ ? I ^ V m JSmJ su'.ieet as ihe hon member for 1 nrn.v ,11. ^ SoulU t h Z ^ U S S his opposition. Mr CiiliajsOS said he should support the amendment, altliou^h he did not alto getlier concur in it, for numy lion, members would see thul it wottKI lie well I) be made ai-<p:iiu:cil with tlie e'it.iracters of ihe police. There ought lo be no secrecy, it was altogether *iiiu£eingi unconstitutional. 11111\. uns< 11 u 11011 ui. What! 11 nat: a a seciet Committee and ...» names! « hv not names? Mo would not sav that the mawkish sensbilitv of not nubiishine the numes was cant and tin ..bus iVhv nianv of t!,ose men who had Jot their 1 ibenV boasted of bavin" been felnns Whatlhev required was such information as would shew the iiifani'iis system svste.n ot of policc police pur. nur sued here, tic believed that despatches had gune home, in which it wns set forth that the police wns most efficient. If the required information was e ven t l c miblic would tee that they had a policc wh'cli would see that they had" a police could not be tnistel i ,d th t tliev bid ^^V"™i.,ed Z p l i c ^ »ith i^Vjily every description of crime. The lion. Z „ \ 7a Zcase U £ wnicn Tti nau ., 1 S iT" d, !tT-' '!1 Wl ", C . ! ' two yout.e women had been detained at the . „0.tlllluu„ ,„ ..„-lrrT.. ,„ ,„,. cnllvlPr „„„ stablTwh.Ctv^^^^ nations wee r r , e d i n , o w w C ™ li.re f'rf Th Sh^liearre^fa lid ^ I „41,'h e» b" com'noT>racce unde tl.e Je nt inlli ot" ^ W0UId tbosa moral rXious, ! scntimentnl ners-m< ted nrSiJ. the government Inve , tit » j I | he hon menber «-.«>*,.> then Ill' (• made UI'IIA some DUtllC caimic .UU^LIV , and pointed remarks on ihe Comntroller- I | General, . , and staled thit . . lie did not believe the judges or even llle law officers of - the . crown would like to convict any person on the unsupported testimony of a convict constable, unsupported by collateral evidence ; and concluded by stating, that the colony had been too lung under a penal system carried out by an agent of Earl Grey. he Amendment was ihen put bv the Speaker, and carried without a division. LAUNCESTON BU.UirNG AND KIRK BILL. iWr. GLEADOU', pursuant lo notice, moved for leave lo bring in a " Bill for regulating buildings, and for preventing mischief by fire, in the town of Launceslon:" leave being granted, the Bill was brought in, rend a first time and ordered to be printed. RLTtin»8. Mr. ARC IEll hating obtained leave to amend the uutice of motion standing in his 'IM.-IIC, which being amended, read as follows : — "That an address be presented to his Eiieel- Icncjr the lAcwcunnt-OovLTinr. praying that bis Excellency will be please 1 to cause to be laid before a Select Oommittra appointed to quire into tlie efficiency and working of the policc torce, n Return of tbe names of all constat lei holding a probationary pass or ticket- of-leavc in tliis colony who have been convicted betbre the Police Ma^vtrates of -lloliart Tonrn and Ijauncest in during tlie year ending June 1853; together with the offences charged agaiuit them, and Iheir sentences," moved tlmtjtlie adipfed, tliieleingse c end ed, was earned. "«• - J nr.erATcncs." Wf- CHAPAiAN pvtrfSiint' to nofice tuovedran flddress to HiB.Excelleucy for the pvnduclion»f the folionilig: — -l.'SIr ^Ci liara Dehison's despatcit to'the gecretary o^State fnrwirdirig an addren to h « n njemy ejes with H.-boltttoincra the" tranvpotutim question, questii passed by tills house on the I'liV, /U1OI ^ Slaicli, ata.^i, I 1852. nc.o . 2\. Sir William Denison's despatch, No dated 4tlt October, 1852, forwarding an address ^""^^yimymgUiattheorderin Council by which this L tUilony V, T'T/" 1 • * S S f S ™ ^ lOA^emiS'tt 4 ^ witl| desp^hes from the S t Z ' K e jn reply tlicrra. j 3. Sir William Denison's despatch No 2M dated irid November, 1852, reporting priiceid' ings in this house consequent on bis Excellencyreply to the address of this house, requesting liini hin • to - forward an address to her Majesty . expreisive expresive of * a want of confidence >n his Excellency, im-icd by ihi» hon e on the 28th September, 1852. 4\. Sir William Denison's despatches to Secretary of State relative to th Suspension"c( H. S. Chapman, Esq., Colonial Secretary, ani Adam T rnbull, Esq., Chairman of the Land Board ; together with any despatches or othet communications received from the Secretary ol State relating thereto. Mr. IKIRKISON seconded, which,iijie, a few words from the Colonial cecretary «'as carried. Dior OP TBE COLONY. Mr.'ALLISON rose to move the fol. lowing resolutions :— " That a respectful address be presenti to his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, pray ing him to c use the following papers' to b j laid upon this Council table:— I rf0, i. fopy of a Protest recorded in th 1 Minutes of the iormer Council, on tbe 20t August, 1«5 against the demand of tlie Britis Government for o0,00 I. of the funds of this« lony -bv Mr. Allison. ' _ 2. ( opy of the Resolution passed in th 1852, in reterence to the same W 4\. Copies of the < orrespondence between li Excellency the Limtenint-Goveraor and J.m Grey, respecting this 0 ,nt'0(. 6\. A return of the amounts of money at datesof payments already made to tlie Britis Government as part ofthe 60, 00/." In moving for these documents his oliiei was to collect them uiem altogether, aitogeiner, in 111 order tl, Hi they . might . . . be sent -home with ,11 nddre on "tl,e question. He believed < ihe sentiments of the lluke of f towlirds j],e Colony, we were more like! t1ian cver we „erc t0 „ct llle dcinn))d, C01 ceded_ if„ e c a i ed the object it wotildi B gl.eat ^vantage to us at the preset momentj ,0 lljd mcmiffrBtio„ t0 UJC C„ln„ wliilu it wus or comparatively small U' 1 me„t to Hie [mperial Government. U.-w it was not a just claim, hr for one, t™ nsver ur;e it. It w!18_ ],onever, incremi itsi for entirely Imperial purpo es, tit id ou°l „c,.er t, j;ai.e hee„ charged t« the eolen Ilc ,,.usl<,d tl)llt thei.c would be n0 • tion to the motion , Tlie CaL.-SKCRErAtlY said liiere no objection to the motion, but if would I a gl.ealdeal of trouble. HecoulJn tsee precise object of the motion, for must of. dociniH-n.'s on the r.-cords of th -1™ noWj and th.» tlie rc«t belonged lo tin coitr.cil and could be easily obtained however, the hon incm'jer wanted the ducj me„ts c .pied lie w.nld g.it h cony n.aile MJTT wished to know, for tlie n>«iiou o " 5 on his side, \\\hi til(! |10l) n:bor wanted the ilocumti P ri " lcd • , r ,„ ,. ., | p.i^ea allis in^h^i'ual >m eoi,i w-.v 1)e wamed P w. . fiip\ii?l that the btl way would IIArMAN be for the ea-.d bun member io h m an address, and if ^ it was unproved the house, then he could .move that whole oi tlie documents be printed and home The ATTORNEY-GISN'ERAL hon member couid not follow such for the documents were not on the talili the lieiise. >'r. ALLISON said Mint hon mcnii had not read all the documents, t ' he referred, but if they were printed the ir bands lliey would read them. T would then be convinced of the just 'he claim ane his motion would rtceiv support of all. Tlie SOL.-HENERAL said it was anomalous proceeding to ask his Kucclle for a copy uf a resolution passed by house and which were on its rccor.is. was assuming tint his Excellency bad resolution) which lie had not Mr. Al.I.fiON said he wished to an authoritative document from llie In instead of one coining from him-ilf. TheSI'EAKEU said lliat Ve could tain his object hy moving tlmt all itocu'tieuts be laid on the tabic, and thai they be prixled. After a few words of explanation, Allisnn withdrew his motion, and leave given to move that the documents be on the table, and llie motion was made carried. EMIGRATION, Ihe COL. SE RKTAKY said that, fore the ho'ise lose, he wished to st«!e ot,ject of „ pamJlhle wllicll |uu hud Placed to-day in I he hands of hon, fJcrs. ,t J s to tve - m b m M t i m t0 . mg emigrants with with regard to toiheci the eight lies " f l . Se cul .'>">' a " J thc e ""fi rat '"6 '<>'«' ",e pamphlet <« f w d "'T i b u U ™ h o m f ' . ,0 ,ne,n "' l "' r , . w,ah for . a t ^ T m °';f r » e » d wo '- U ' 1>«P1',V to give them as many copies re lr ] 1'i • I V r " A , i ( , 1 E R 1 who ™ e i ' ta^, ° r h y whose The COL. SECRETARY replied,! written and distriouled by order of government. Tlie Council then adjourned until o'clock to-morrow (this Uay) 