TRANSACTIONS OF THE GREAT AUS- TRALASIAN SOCIETY. (Continued.) SECTION B.—THE BELLE LETTRES. A Little Book on the Origin and Nature of Poetry, by the Scrubb Family—the Prose by Timothy, and the Poetic Illustrations by Jeremiah. CHAP. V. Othello's occupation's gone.—Bard of Avon. This chapter opens with a great flourish of trumpets, a tremendous revolution in poetry, and a terrible blow to professional criticism. In fact, I mean to suggest to all suffering bards an effectual cure for the evils incident to their pre- sent situation, as well as to foment a rebellion against the unjust and odious domination of re- viewers. I hope, therefore, to obtain a patient hearing from all living poets, and also from all who intend to court the muse at some future time. I do not doubt but that I shall be re- garded as a benefactor of the species; for, assuredly, the panacea which I have to promulge, will not only revolutionise every department of rhyme, but also be of inestimable advantage to every son and daughter of song. Evey bard is doubtless aware that, under existing circumstances, his reputation depends on the authoritative dicta of reviewers. Unfor- tunately, the public take very little interest in the fate of poetical works, and hence, numbers of people estimate the merits of books in accordance with some reviewer's testimony. He reads—or, at least leads those who read him to suppose that he reads—the various works which he reviews, and, as his readers do not read such works, they naturally adopt his conclusions and act accord- ingly. If he condemns, they condemn; if he praises, they praise; and the tone of their praise or blame is regulated in a great measure by the tone of his critique. Under such circumstances an ill-treated poet has no fair chance for fame. Nobody regards him as a great man, simply be- cause nobody reads his works. Of what use are all his beautiful apostrophes, astounding com- parisons, and splendid passages! They might as well have been written for the moths and beetles to mutilate and destroy, as for reasonable men to read. They are tabooed to the public; they have the ban of the critic on them; they are labelled "not to be read;" and the writer of them, instead of commanding the applause of multitudes, glides down the stream of life as noiselessly as an ordinary man. Though this is a hard case, it is far from being irremediable. It is not like those chronic diseases which baffle the skill of the most experienced physicians, and tempt them to doubt the power of the Esculapian art. In this instance, "hic jacet need not finish what recipe begins;" although such is the fate of most persons who abandon Professor Holloway. The case of the ill-used bard is not hopeless. There is as much blue sky over his head as would make a pair of breeches for a Dutchman. The clouds are breaking in the boundless heavens. The storm has done its worst, and must now be hushed for ever. The sagacity of my uncle has discovered a sure and efficacious remedy for all the critical ills that bards are heirs to, and that remedy is comprised in the advice—let every poet become his own critic. That the adoption of this plan would be pro- ductive of many important advantages, is a proposition, the truth of which is transparently evident. It would enable the bard to point out to the reader all the beautiful passages and lovely metaphors in his work; and which the reader might otherwise omit to notice. It would afford him an opportunity of magnifying his candour in the reader's esteem, for, on this plan, he would be enabled to note those parts of the poem which were poor, bald, and thin, and which hed been inserted for the sole purpose of showing that a great mind, like a great mountain, has chasms and hollows in it. But the greatest advantage of all would consist in the fortification of the reader's mind against future defamatory criti- cism. The generality of readers receive their opinions on the shopkeeping principle of "first come first served," or, in other words, imbibe whatever views may be first laid before them. Hence, when about to commence the perusal of a poem, their minds may be compared to Locke's tabula rasa, or more accurately, to a sheet of foolscap, on which the bard may register almost any opinion he pleases; and, when they once form an opinion, their natural stiff-neckedness forces them to retain it with surprising tenacity. By taking advantage of these peculiarities and idiosyncra- cies of the reading public, the poet would make the very obstinacy of human nature an auxiliary to his success; and a clique of such readers would pooh-pooh, and put down all hostile criticism, and give such an impulse to the bard's fame as would suffice to send it puffing, and splashing, and snorting like a steam-boat down the broad ocean of posterity and time. My uncle Jeremiah will now practically illustrate, both in prose and song, this important discovery. THE WOODMAN'S CHILD. An Australian Tale, founded on a fact which the writer imagined. CANTO I. N.B.—The reader is particularly requested to observe that this story is intended to be very pathetic. The setting sun a rosy light Flung o'er creation's wide domain; And, thron'd on stars, the monarch night In solemn state began her reign. The bittern pip'd her shrilly song, The dingo dog forsook his lair, And darkness slily stole along The dusky woods, and sleeping air. Then sail'd not a cloud o'er the vault on high, To dim the glow of the starlit sky; There stray'd not across the forest a breeze, To stir the tops of the highest trees; No ripple play'd upon the rill; No mist hung o'er the brush-clad hill; No light shone on the weeping stream, Save that of the pale sidereal beam; For the sovereign lord of the day had set, And the merry moon had not risen yet, And darkness reign'd on every hand, And silence brooded o'er the land. This scrap of song serves to introduce the story to the reader. It excites curiosity, and prompts the inquiry—what next? What follows in the next four lines is put in because the writer could find nothing better to say, and, what follows in the subsequent four is added with a view of roman- ticising the flatness of the allusion to the clock, &c.; As I have undertaken to criticise myself, I con- sider it my duty to acknowledge my poetic frail- ties, as well as to appreciate and laud my surpassing excellencies; and therefore hope, that should the reader be unable to admire my poetry, he will, at least, be compelled to praise my can- dour and discernment. Thus I shall gain my end, to wit, his admiration, either by hook or by crook. The woodman's clock, with heavy stroke, Portentously the silence broke, And echo from a neighbouring rock Responded to the warning clock. The passing stranger heard the sound, And with quicken'd steps pursu'd his way; For many a weary mile of ground Between him and his homestead lay. In the next part of the poem the story begins. The only purpose which this introduction can serve is, that of showing the time when the story opens. Scene—Night—would have done just as well, but then it would have been a too matter of fact sort of introduction to an octa-syllabic drama. Had I plunged into the story at once, the imagination of the reader would not have been appropriately excited. I have avoided this defect by noting the principal features of the scene; and, also, by the introduction of the passing stranger. What business that stranger had there—who he was—and where he came from —are questions which the reader's imagination must answer. This vagueness is what all modern critics admire in Coleridge's "Christabel;" though strange to say, they admire the very opposite in Wordsworth. My business, as a bard, is, to follow the advice which Sir Walter Scott gave to a celebrated painter of battle scenes—"Just put in a leg here, and an arm there, and raise a great stour (dust), and leave the rest to fancy." My tale will now run on very smoothly to the end of all the cantos. The shout of childhood's revelry Was heard around the woodman's fire And one cherub boy, laughing merrily, Clamber'd upon his father's knee, And looked in the face of his sire, Alas! alas! that blue-eyed boy, With a face all smiles, and a voice all joy, And a heart as merry as heart could be, Stood then on the verge of eternity; And drew in laughter his latest breath, In the hollow that lies 'twixt time and death. O! life is a state of uncertainty; There is poison-juice in the fairest flowers; There's a sting near the bag of the honey-bee, And a cloud on the face of our brightest hours. There's a bitter dreg in the cup of joy; There's a canker worm in the calmest mind; The sweetest pleasure hath some alloy, And life and death are intertwin'd. We rise and sleep, we laugh and sing, Like flowers, we put forth all our bloom; Like flowers, a stroke of Time's strong wing Consigns us to an early tomb. The woodman's child took his father's hand— The father press'd and held it fast; For a sad presentiment unmann'd His soul: as when the vengeful blast And bounding billows, and angry sky, Flash on the shipwreck'd sailor's eye, And paralyse his stalwart frame, And, all but, quench life's sinking flame, And fill his soul with horrent fear, And tell him death—stern death is near. Two hours had fled since the setting sun Proclaimed the approach of the dreamy night, And the deed of blood had not been done, Though the victim sate in the murderer's sight, For, crouch'd behind a ragged stone, Like a fierce and deadly beast of prey, In silence, and sin, and all alone, With 'bated breath the murderer lay; And he held his rifle on the cock, And drew from his leathern belt a knife, Which he savagely whetted upon the rock, For he sought the woodman's life. The one had married a maiden fair, Whom the other loved too well, And the latter swore by the Prince of Air, That if ever he met the woodman where No eye could see, he a deed would dare Too horrible to tell. And now some demon fate had brought Him close to the foe whese life he sought, Had chosen the weapon, place, and time, Befitting so foul a deed of crime— Had seal'd the conscious eye within To the dreary issue of his sin— Had fired his soul with ruthless hate, Which ruin only could abate. And by the fire's blazing light, He rais'd his piece and took deadly aim, And there shot athwart the brow of night, A sudden flash of lurid flame. The night-hawk, screaming, swept the sky, And from under the shelt'ring stone's broad base There issu'd a faint and hissing cry, As a snake look'd full in the murd'rer's face; And hollow laughter rang around The cavern'd hills and forest wide, While distant mountains caught the sound And in hollower tones to it replied. The deed of blood was rashly done, The wreath of darkness madly won, The murd'rer's hellish vow was cross'd, The father liv'd, the child was lost. As he on his father's name did call, And press'd his cheek with lip so red, A flash was seen, and a rifle ball Flew, crashing, through the boarded wall, And the cherub boy lay dead. O! then the forest echoes woke, With the shriek of a mother's anguish wild! And her cheek grew wan, and her heart was broke, And she sank beneath the fatal stroke— For it was her first-born child! O, ye! who sound the depths of space, And trace with philosophic eye The unknown planet's fitting place In the vast obscure o' the starry sky, And ye! who know all living things That swim beneath the ocean's tide, Or, cleave the air with joyous wings, Or on the breath of evening glide; And ye! who on the marble breathe Life's all but stern reality; Or round your brows a chaplet wreathe With sweetest flowers of poesy. Say! can you on the block pourtray, Or on the canvass pencil fair, Or sound, in high poetic lay, That heart-struck mother's dread despair? There's a grief that crushes the strongest heart, As corn is crush'd by thunder rain; There's a sorrow too deep for the poet's art, And which highest song would but profane! CANTO II. Away! away! to the mountain glen! Unvisited by the feet of men! Where the brush is thick, and the crags are rude, And the silver streamlet sadly moans As it winds along in mournful mood, O'er beds of shale, and moss-clad stones. Where monstrous snakes their vigils keep, And in hollow oaks rank lizards sleep; Where the laughing squirrel leaps in the dark, From the topmost boughs of the ironbark, Where scarlet flowers their bloom display To the eager parrot's observing eye, And the woods resound, at the dawn of day, With the Waunga-Waunga's plaintive cry; Where kangaroos and opossums feed, And wild birds cheerily wing their flight, And mountain blossom and verdant weed Adorn the cracks in the stalagmite; And nature frowns in sternest mood On the vast unbroken solitude. Away! away! to the mountain glen, Where the wild dog sleeps in his strong den; Where the prickly shrub sheds sweet perfume; Where the mountain rose displays its bloom; Where bronze-wing'd pigeons swiftly sweep, O'er stunted pine and tow'ring steep; Where the wintry torrent's foaming wave Leaps through the halls of the schistose cave; Where the snowy eagle plumes his wing, And the thunder shouts like a living thing, And vernal storms their force display, Then away to the mountain glen! away. Away! away! to the wilderness The murderer spurr'd his jaded steed! Revenge was sated with success, And his inmost soul began to bleed. And he saw at hand, and on every side, A vision of a murder'd child, Whose yellow locks with blood were dyed, As it spurted out in a living tide, And he shrunk from a sight so wild. He spurr'd again, and onward dashed Away to the lonely mountain waste, But the vision still before him flash'd, As if it mock'd his haste. And when he reached his hiding-place, And the rising moon just show'd her face, And had bath'd his brow in a mountain rill, And stretched himself on a lonely hill, 'Twas there, behind a ragged stone, Just such as he knelt by hours before, When in silence and sin, and all alone, The skies were rent with his rifle's roar. He tried to sleep, but tried in vain. Remorseful tear-drops banish'd rest, And horror with its harpy train, His sinful soul possess'd. The bright and blessed morn arose, And with fragrance sweet embalm'd the air; But it shed no balm to heal his woes, Nor cast a ray on his despair. And whichever way he turn'd his eye, It met the gaze of the murder'd child; Now, it shone like a star on the sky, Anon, it lay on the earth and smil'd; One moment, it stood on the mountain steep, The next, 'twas gilding among the trees; And, at last, it seal'd his eyes in sleep, As it floated by on a passing breeze. The murd'rer slept in his stony hall, Such sleep as might come to a wretch like him; While unearthly hands, an unearthly pall, Spread over each weary and stalwart limb. And as he slept, he dreamt a dream Which fill'd his soul with terror wild; He woke, and at that moment, a lightning gleam Disclosed the face of the murder'd child. When slumber o'er his senses stole, Despair forsook his guilty soul, But when he from that slumber woke, Horror again on his spirit broke, Hope fled for aye, and with it, joy, Crush'd by the frown of the murder'd boy, Who still beside his murd'rer kept, Whether he woke, or whether he slept; Like a wrathful vision, in vengeance sent, A guilty conscience to torment. "O, who can bear this horrid curse? What heart endure this vision dread? Death with its terrors can't be worse! Nor what is after death!" He said. Then bounding off, like a stricken deer, Away through the waste of the lonely glen, He perish'd, where none could shed a tear, Nor mourning kinsman dress his bier; The last sad offices due to men. Oblivious time had onward sped, And, as it roll'd, had left a trace Of snow upon the woodman's head— Of age upon his rustic face. Just seventeen summers wing'd their flight From that disastrous, starlit, night, When heav'n, illum'd with a rifle's flash, Beheld a murd'rer hotly dash Through brush and brake, o'er field and flood, Along the hill, and through the wood, With whip and spur, on foaming steed, Away from the scene of his daring deed. Just seventeen years had rolled away, When on a sultry summer day, Chance led the woodman's feet to roam (Far from his solitary home) To the very spot, and the very den, In the silent, lonely, mountain glen, Where the murd'rer of his first-born child, Had slept, and woke, in terror wild. And as he slowly wound along, He stumbled o'er a pile of stones, And found beside them, and among, A human skull and human bones. They bore the mark of the wild dog's tooth, They harmonis'd with the scenes uncouth, That stretch'd around on ev'ry side, And fill'd the mountain landscape wide. And 'neath the edge of a ragged stone, In contact with a finger bone, Which on the trigger once had been, Which gave the fatal pull, I ween, There lay a long and rusty knife, Still stain'd with the crimson tide of life, And on the handle was a name, The shudd'ring woodman knew too well! Twas his, who fir'd with deadly aim, On the starlit night that a cherub fell! It is quite evident that I might have stayed my poetical career at the conclusion of the first canto, and have allowed the reader's imagination to have finished the story. Had I done so, how- ever, I would have been guilty of flying in the face of poetical justice. To hang the villanous hero of the tale, immediately after the committal of his awful deed, would have been a very common- place method of getting rid of him; and would moreover, have been far too like the Draconic be- nevolence of modern legislators. I was, therefore, obliged to conduct him into the lonely wilderness, and there compel him to become his own execu- tioner. In the management of this important matter I have carefully avoided explicitness, because I consider explicitness as the evil genius of poetry. Vagueness and obscurity are the staple elements of rhyme. The poet ought merely to supply the skeleton of the story, and leave the fancy of the reader to clothe that skele- ton with flesh and blood, and skin. This is the very thing which I have done; and, by doing it, have the merit of transforming the reader into a poet by the stimulus which I have given to his imagination. In no part of the poem is this vagueness more conspicuous than in the allusions to spiritual agency. On this topic I have spoken obscurely from necessity. Australia is a most unpoetic place. From Cape Leeuwin to Cape York there is not so much as a single goddess. We have no witches, no kelpies, no brownies, no spunkies, no leprechawns, and, worse than all, "no good people." I have seen many queer-looking folks in Sydney, but I never saw a ghost there; nor have I ever heard of a haunted house having been discovered in any corner of our huge island. It is true that we have a god, but he is too yellow for poetry, and would, if put into a rhyme, make it look as if it had the jaundice. Besides, it is almost impossible to get hold of him, for the common people are so devotedly attached to his person that they always carry him about with them buttoned up in their pockets. Under such circumstances, it was impossible to do more than obscurely allude to the spiritual beings that spread an invisible pall over the som- nolent murderer. The very obscurity of these allusions, however, will render them applicable to any spiritualities that may be discovered here- after; and thus the poem may be truly charac- terised as written for all time. And now, courteous teador, ere I finish this critique, permit me to say a word or two on a subject that lies very near my heart, namely, my own surpassing merits us a poet. As I have un- dertaken the task of criticising my own works, it is imperatively necessary that I should do justice to this point. In common, then, with every son and daughter of song, I do regard my own poetry as uncommonly beautiful. Others may dissent from my views on this head, but what of that? Is not censure the tax which great men invariably pay for being great? Do not owls hoot at the sun? Do not swallows twitter around hawks? Do not dogs bay the moon, and fleas nibble lions? And, are not men proverbially envious, shallow-pated, cen- sorious, and malignantly critical? Believe me, gentle reader, that I would rather be a kitten, crying mew, or a snail, travelling up a cabbage leaf, than rank high in the estimation of those who are incapable of appreciating true merit. Hence the opinion of would-be critics, with respect to my status in thd poetical world, scarcely costs me thought. Men who agree with me display, by that agreement, their taste and dis- cernment; and men who dissent from my views —why, they merely display their narrowness and obliquity of judgment, I am independent of the applauses of the world; I can applaud myself. And even should you, courteous reader, grumble at the little book, I shall always attribute yonr displeasure to the fact that I have very properly taken the business of criticism out of your hands, and vested it in the proper authority, to wit, the bard himself—who is henceforth to be regarded as the only person competent to judge of his own merits. END OF THE LITTLE BOOK. SIR ASTLEY COOPER.—It has often been re- marked that some circumstance, apparently ac- cidental, has tended to influence the future career of those concerned; and an anecdote is told of Sir Astley, which, if true, seems to bear out this idea. It is said that, when a boy, he saw a lad fall from a cart, and tear his thigh in such manner as to wound the femoral artery. Our young hero immediately took his handkerchief, applied it round the thigh, and twisted it so tightly as to control the bleeding till further assistance could be procured. Sir Astley received some very large fees, among which, not the least remarkable was that of a thousand guineas thrown at him in his night cap, by a patient whom he had cut for the stone: an anecdote which he told with no small degree of animation, on retiring from a patient upon whom he had just performed the same operation, and who had like- wise, in his agony, flung his cap at the surgeon, but without it containing, on this occasion, the cheque which gave so much force to the original incident. In 1815, when at the height of his reputation, he removed to Spring-gardens; and he was one of the few with whom the migra- tion from the City to the West-end proved fully successful. A few years afterwards, he was employed professionally by George IV. to remove a small tumor from the scalp: an operation which he performed with all his wonted coolness and dexterity. Probably, no surgeon of ancient or modern times enjoyed a greater share of reputa- tion during his life than fell to the lot of Sir Astley. The Old and New World has alike rung with his fame; and we cannot give a better ex- ample of this than the fact of his signature being received as a passport among the mountains of Biscay by the wild followers of Don Carlos. A young English surgeon, seeking for employment, was carried as a prisoner before Zumalacarrequi, who demanded what testimonials he had of his calling or his qualifications? Our countryman presented his diploma of the College of Surgeons; and the name of Astley Paston Cooper, which was attached to it, no sooner struck the eye of the Carlist leader, than he at once received his prisoner with friendship, and appointed him a surgeon in his army. Sir Astley long enjoyed a large share of public patronage; but we believe the actual amount of his fortune, when stated at half a million, is considerably over-rated. His personal expenses were not great; but he was very liberal to his relations, on whom, we have heard, on what we believe to be good authority, that he bestowed between two and three thousand pounds annually. He is also said to have spent £20,000 in bringing his brother into Parliament. Nor was his liberality confined to his own family. When Dr. Baillie and some others made up a purse for Dr. Pemberton in the difficulties brought upon him by his ill-health, Sir Astley contributed the munificent sum of £500. THEATRICAL WIT.—Hatton, who was a consi- derable favourite at the Haymarket Theatre, and particularly in the part of Jack Junk, was one night at Gosport, performing the character of Barbarossa. In the scene when the tyrant makes love to Zapphira, and reminds her of his services against the enemies of her kingdom, he was at a loss, and could not catch the word from the prompter. Another moment and a terrific hiss would have driven him from the stage, when, seeing the house crowded with sailors, and re- gardless of the gross anachronism, he exclaimed, with all the energy of tragedy— ——————Did not I, By that brave knight Sir Sydney Smith assisted And in conjunction with the gallant Nelson, Drive Bonaparte and his fierce marauders From Egypt's shores? The jolly tars thought that it was all in his part and cheered the actor with three rounds of applause. RARE VIRTUE.—The paucity of some persons' good actions remind one of Jonathan Wild, who was once induced to be guilty of a good action, after fully satisfying himself, upon the maturest deliberation, that he could gain nothing by refrain- ing from it. 