Hotal Untclltcjrncc. SiiEr.r SiioEixc'.—Wo have seen a epSctmen of a new invention for the cure or prevention of footrfrot in sheep, it is a gutta percha golosh, to be fitted on the sheep's toot. The material being impervious to moisture, and thus keeping the foot warm and dry upon cold, wet, or damp land^ it is expectod that perfect cure or prevention would thus be effected. The ehoc is marie just tho shape oi the sheep's hoof, and hy heating the upper part of the shoe and then fitting it on, becomes fixed firmly upnn tho foot. The price per shoe is from 3d, t 6d. It would thus cost from Is. to 2s. to shoe each sheep. It would be rather a curious novelty to see a wholo flock of sheep roaming over the -hills, Bhud after mau's latest fashion —Portland Guardian. > SEISUKE tort CITV RATES.—On Thursday last, Mr. Robb waited on Mr. Barclay, wutcli and clock maker, Elir.aheth street, and claimed ICs and some' few pence, as city rates, which Mr. Barclay refu-ed to pay. Air. llobb then produced a distress warrant, authorizing liim todestrain for the amount, at the same time telling Mr. Barclay that he would tlmukliim to point out some goods iu the Bhop that did not belong to customers, upnn which Mr. Barclay pointed to BO ne clocks, saying those are iny own property. -Mr. itobb theu removed a clock to Mr. U. Taylor's Auction mart, for Bafe keeping, until the day of sale, which we be'ieve will be next Saturday. Mr. iiarclay is about to institute legal proceedingssgainet Mr. Itobb, but all we can say ou tlie matter is. chat he (.Mr. Harclav) has moro money than wit, as lie wili find out if he pcrsereres iu hia fooliEh opposition to pity the city rates. FAIIEWKLI. I'.MT.aTAixur.KT.—On Tuesdavnightlast, tbenou-commiBsioDeii "fliccrs of'the !!9th regiment, stationed at llubart Town, pave an entertainment at the '' IJuke of Wellington" Inn. to their Ja:e Q. lar'ermaa'.ei-Sprgeaut Henry Sykc?, r.-contly discharged from that corps, as a token of tbeir appreciation of hismany giiod q-iaiities as a brother non-c.'mnjissionedoifieer,during his Btay in the regiment. Tho uoti-c mn i 1- sioned officers h«arti)y wish him (Q tar ©.-•- master-Sergenut Henry Sjlces) ever,' p 01- perity.iu liis new career of life, ®nd ;iBS'.:ro iiim tbat he possesses the lasting gratitude and affection ol his remaining lj!\t uc.1 in arms:—Communicated. A GHOST. — A tickei-of-leave holder, named Wm. Barrow, was brouph*. up at the police court, charged by D. (J Riudall, with being out after hours and performing at tho Albert Theatre on Monday night last. Mr. ltandall and Constable Chandler swore that the prisoner was ou the Btage of the Albert Theatre on Monday uight last, with a sheet over his clothes, representing a ghost. As the character of Durrows was good, tbe bench admonished and discharged him. Tlic Jnws. —In consequence of the great prevalence of disease, at present occasioniug sn much afilictiou iu the families of the inhabitants of this Island, the presiding Ilabbi, the Jlev, Herman Hoeizel, litis nominated Sunday (to-morrow), the 2OL1I instant, lo be kept as a solemn fast and day of prayer, and that his co- religiuiiiuts m.iv asscinnly - - - - thereon - - lo - pro u'iate tiie favo: 1 of the Almighty, and to iinpi re bun to a'-'ert ! the calamity now impending on thcin 1 l'ublic S rvicc will beheld at tlu- Syn.igo.'Un, in Argyic Btreet, fur the purpos -, at I o'clock iu the a'ternooa. COHMITTLD RUR TRIAL.—A man named DaviG Krazer, against whom one of the police wished to lay a charge for assault. &c;„ was committed tor trial, at the police ciurt, on Wednesday last, for stealing a whip, value 2s , the property of Mr. R. Shoobridge, of the Lime Kilns. THE HOUSE SICAMKO CABU.—The man in custody, Thotnas Hall, was brou^nt up at the police court on Wednesday last for re-examination, charged with stealing a mare, saddle and bridle, on the 19tb iust., the property of Mr. Jackson, Brown's Hirer, Mr. Brewer appeared for liall, and from the evidence of a daughter of Mr. I'rentic, of the "Prince ot Walea" inn, and two other witnesses, it appeared that Hall bought the hurao for Ll'i from a man who gave a receipt for the same, by making his mark. The bench diBmiBsed the case, and Hall was discharged. ST tALiNo MONEV A young female pafcsholder, in the scrrioe of Air. John Brady, Macqu&rie-Btreet;, was charged at the police office, with stealing jC4 out of a money box, the roperty of her master, on Friday night last, it was proved _ by. Jlrs. Urady that tho prisoner had no business in the shop ; that the prisoner had the box in her possession on tlie above tyight, and that sue told her mistress that alio only took 3s. tld. out of the box, which she gave up. The constable who upprchended' tho prisoner produced a bundle of DOW lemale clothing, which he said she bad no means of getting houesUj. The gill made no ^defence, and was semeaced to 18 months hard labjur at the Female Factory. A " Con. i n."—Cne of those idle fellows, named T.iouus Wilson, fcl., who are daily to be Bom loitering about the wharves, seeking for something to pick up, iu preference to working, was brought up at the police court on "Thursday last, charged by Constable Bassett w ith stealing some pieces ot iirvwcjoi, trom a stack bidongiug to Mr. I'eirimaD.• The .prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to 18 months imprisonment with iiard Jabour. ARRIVALS AND DERANTUNC6,—From a remru'- of the arrivals und departures of passengers into und from Van Diemen's Laud, For the years 1851-2, it appears that 2i,di)0 free i persons have arrived, whilst j 2!),hav&left; this colony. . Oolokimi . T.AKP.—The proposal oftb'eliicutiiejIt-Hovsraor to the Legislative Co|incll to jiautl an cwieruice^i Colonial Emigration AMntW^ng)aiiu,'aeeiii» to h ve Jroet .UicgeneralwU'b&flil; .<M»'.«Wriej, and to' present; at lakt, ft flltam Ulr,'ajl (buses being new able to procure c)tottly( the doniesti'c jsnd fcrtn servants they wMld-Ashe. But much Bf, or effect the objfcct) hoSWyer.ttmiag fclk daimi upon the .Executive Jniy ,l>e, rinlt«( thef Vp4ic9snipai.led.bv ««orrc6pondingiperfect under. *tandmgoftke whole subject, in practical Retail. He agist not done have been bfoug'ht ug> ia •giiooktnral interests at"hdme, bulliavcliaS e» jierlefit^ witlm thc llmits it Van Dienieh'a Land, taay judgeflf h(5,<itiless or unj. fitnaipa Ibis individually important wl^ction. \Tfti®))MMment, though tf/UiiiiftV && ° op * eOnnCTV®a" onl! which -public eiprtislori should benlpectM, for thdrlntenats »re ldenBca!,and csnnbt be separated. If the colMilsts do Hot api fritt, they will not make *nd reqplsiaon, and <the office will become:* nonentity. Mucb hai been said .and written, any wholesome ad'io< .has, trnm time to time, Jbeen Conveyed through the'press, as to the time and course to be pursued by ojit future agent, but there Is one thing uot dearly underitood ytl: ,Are the Eplonisuvitii^ lidtl, uMer«xiating ^gulatima, fiOtaorapoctipg. married couples or single female emigrants, coming out in the same vessel ? If so, then some measure should be adopted to sanction this natiiral|Wisb,as a very large portion «f our future domestic com fort, within doors, will depenl upon the impor£ of married couples and female house servants. The PERIOD of indenture claim consideration, and I think that two years from the day of "embarkation, is reasonable on both sides. It will not be looked upon by the emigrants as very formidable, and asihe agent will become a resident in England, there will be little difficulty in a repetition of requisition, to till the vacancy. As marriage canccls domestic engagements, something stringent should be introduced respecting previous notice, under pecuniary penalty. 1 stay not my pen to enquire how far this may be legal, but 1 would argue that as a spinster's unpaid debts bccomc chargeable against bcrfuturc husband, so would any unsatisfied claims upon a donicstic servant, become chargeable upon a husband from the day of her marriage. It is to be Jtopcd, however, the that tlie Lieutenant-Governor will oxcercisc a full and -precautionry judgement irrespective of even previous 'prepowession, and that the employed will, bona fide, be selected alone, from his knowledge and experience on the subject, with energy to carry ont a measure that will be no easy task for its performance embraces many and diversified duties And whilst associating with one class, he must not hesitate to visit the tocraric cottager and his family, from | 'ess | whence industry is likeliest to be culled, and I valuable immigrants obtained for the more domestic dutiesofourhoinehearibcstablishmcnts i i» Van Dieinon's Laud.—Comn.unic.iied to ! Cornwall Chronicle. —Tort Snrell, August 20, I — |.U r e quite agree with the! remarks of ] the correspondent of the" Cornwall , hroniclc," i respecting the selection of a fit and proper persend to England to select a suitable class of labourers for this colony. We pub'i-h, another column, the report of the selec: committee on Immigration, in which It is stated that the agent selected to go to England to s:lcct immigrants should be a Colonist possessing experience, intelligence, activity, and Irgh character: that a salary of uot less than £.",00 should be attached to the office, with a reasonable allowance to cover travelling and other expenses, us well as to provi'de : clerical . assistance, ttogctiicr w th a bonus of 5s per head for cach adult male sent out by him." H'e have fen requisit on, signed by magistrates, farmers, stock breeders, employers of .ill kinds of artistical skill, See.. to the executive, recommend : ng that Mr. Ennelt, J-OW, and for many years past, employed in the Comptroller Generals Department, should he appointed to fill this very important (to the colony) situation, and we must say that a hotter person could scarcely be found in this Island. Mr. Kmmett lias for years past been in a position to know exaetly the sort ot labour required in this colony. M T e therefore trust that the Kvccutivc will, and that as sonn as possible, appoint sn:nc gentleman ithout delay lo England, in order that the labour market oi this colony may be supplied L class of goad, sober and iuiltiatrious workmen, for which there is now, anil Iras some rime past, a great demand, which b likclv further to increase. — ED. <> I,"A;niAN'. J "JIoivnY" 1 5 ASSIIOLT>I:RS.—An insolent fellow in the sorvk-o of Mr. Levy, named Connolly, was charged by liis master, <*it the police court, with irsoleut coadi.c ., by refusing to eat mutton f -r dinner, au.i other improper ciuduct, not only to Air. but also to M : s. Levy. The charge having been proved, tlie bench sentConnoily to be worked on the roads for 0 months, before tho expiration of which time, no doubt, he would relish a slico of mutton, A pasBholder servant of Mr. Mather, Liverpool- street, was charged by District i onstable Simpson, with stealing bread and meat, value Cd.,the property of Mr. Mather. The prisoner pleaded guilty to taking the bread and rncat, but told the bench that tbe men in Mr. Mather's service did not like to cat cold meat that was left, and be did not think there was any harm iu taking that with which he was charged. Mr. Jones said, the prisoner had no right to remove the least thing from his master's premises, and as For the men not eating meat that was left from a previous meal, thousands of poor, hardworking men in England were glad to get a bit of meat o'nee in six months, and concluded by sentencing the prisoner lo twelve months imprisonment with hard labour on tha roads. Atnan named David Aberry, p.h,, hired to Mr. ,S. Page, bat wlioso service be left, was charged with absconding. The prisoner engaged as a free man with Mr. Norton, of the "Joiners' Ar.ns," whose service he also left, aud had been working at tbe Huon ; he was remanded lo Tuesday next. Edward Lew-is, iu th? service of .ill-. Swain, was charged with being out after hours, on Saturday night or rather Sunday morning last, for which, he W.-LS eent to the roads for 4 months hard labour. A woman, iu the service of the llev. .Mr. ]1 tick hind, was sent to the Female factory for 6 months, as &hc; relused to work. A man in tlie setvice of Mr. Shavpe, landlord of'the "Dnchess of Kent," was cent to t!ie roads for 4 mouths iiard labour, for refusing to work -and being insolent. Several other oases similar to tho above were tried, but wo have uo room for particulars. A SUNKI:M Ilock.—A letter has been received by Captain King, Port Oliiccr, Hum t'optain tiibson of the " Midlothian," in which tlie writer says.—" 1 have to informj'yog that on iry passage from Ilobart Town to this Port via Torres Straits in tie " .Midlothian," I struck twice on a sunken rock oil' tiie S.E end of Entrance Island, ISndeavour Straits, distant about a mile. The ship was going about seven knots nt the time, and abaut dead low water spring tides'! it wa ; so inomontary that no ceurafc bearings could he taken : the lead had "just been hjivc, and mi bottom at seven fathoms Pa«"fif. iiit false "ktel off, *n3 the'copper slightly damaged, . • VununT HEATHS,—Within the last few wot lcn it li'aS l>f(Sti oitr jreinful dutv to record of "which were bought on %jr tlie o'nfortjttnate 'people thempelves,' llfrrthgh InteitiptSiwKioe nnd orlier •bpabt'y'Mbila j' bUtixtr-iinpleaBUit duty'-IB •not ToVTihishodj -tis named John Carrol) WAS found dead' in a house of ill Tame in' .Mefvillo- Street. ^Ati Soquest was held on. the 'body last Tuesday, at'- tho " Nag's "Head,"-when frorn^he evidence of Dri StSkell. itiappeored dBpsitad died from pnlmbtiar.v ap'oplejji. 'Tnljliry'returned a verdiet -"-Died bV th6 fhitttlbh' of God." A jnap -named. VVilUam.-WUiamson, ul«o diod euddenly in Oampbotl- Wrcel, on Monyaj faight. An Inquest "tiit: held on the ,bo9y at tho " T^«mtmiah";_itti, Campbellstreet, on Thursday laft^when the Jury t«> tnrtiea a Terdiat of "Died from natural causa?." —ROBBKRV VKMH Anus,—Three armed men entered the pnimliet ot H. I. Wiimore, Esq., at Westbury, on, M,onday night la<t, and carried -away d ^un,-V«ilTer watch, and other, .articles. One pf the - robbers stood over tho Aei'vant whom Mr. Wilmoro had left in charge, whilebis confederates ^ramacked displace,—CartiiftaU Chronicle. Onn- FELLowstilr.—The Grand Master and theOoard of Dirfeotors of theMaochoBUir Unity having granted permission to tlio Officers of the .Loyal Cornn-ail Lodge in this town to form themselves into a District, the three District Officers elected, invited the members to a supper at Host Millei V on Monday evening last. The rcfrCBlimentepro. vided were as Mr. Miller always provides— ample and^ood. About thirty of tho brethren rat down to supper, which being disposed of the usual loyal toasts were given und responded to, and the company broke up at ail early hour.—Ibid. A MAV rouxn DI-AD—Yesterday morning, Friday, the body of a dead man wat discovered in the stable yard in the rear of the "Lord Morpeth" Inn, Oollihs-street. The deceased has not yet been identified, and an inquest will be hold on tlie body ou -Monday morning at the "Lord Morpeth." A lioi.n Til n i" — A man named Develin walked into Mr. James Slj's *hop, Liverpool-street, oa Thursday evening, aud there being only a youth in the shop at the time, I develin requested liim to ask Air. Sly if bo wanted a servant, The young man left tho shop, but otilv for a momeut, and on his return saw tho prisoner learo, taking with him a pair of Wellington boots. Tue alarm was given, aud Mr. Sly with the youth gave chaso throngh nine of the principlo streets of this city, crying " Btop thief,' 1 without a constable being teen at five o'clock iu the evening : at length the prisoner was seemed aud lodged iu the lor.k-up. He was brought before the Police Magistrate uud committed for trial on Thursday l.iot. It really is t ju bad that the l'olice are not to be found, when wauted, in mauyof the principul streets of this city. IVe hope Mr. Burgess will cause an enq liry to bo made into this subject. 