MARTIN HOONAHAN, To his Friend Patsey O'Dowd, Landscape Gardentr, Melbourne. Well, Patsey ! this human nature's a quare thing afthur all! An animated mass of multi- Carious incongruities that even Laybeg, the mighty chemist, couldn't analyse, barrin he did It by Act o' Council, that can do any thing but stop death an insclvency. Iere they, are granin licenses to publicans, an'prachin timpir ance from the rostrum-houldin on hard by the duty, and discoorsin the moralityor Maine Law at the same time. "Drinkin must be put down," ees one." "HInrroo for twenty per cent above proof,"' sea another, and "modera tion," cries a third. Last night I was takin an ?isy dandy at the "Royal Mail," an the topie was rtarted as a matther av coorse. "I Iepate;" as a little sharer, wid a faee like a "shin o' beef," "that liquor is the root of all evil, and the sooner it's got rid of the betther," and wid tiat, Sir, he takes a scoop av hot brandy and -eather that'd drown'd a pup. And this is the way wid them all; it is a fine thing to prach about abstinence over a bucket av cool claret, -id only the ghost it a possibility in the distance; but if some divil of a guaper was down in the cellars rootin' out the crus:y onld port from the dristy bins of these anty-take-a-drop -to -comfort-you- expound hers, I'm thinkin' its a new mouth piece they'd be gettin' to tl.eir whistles in a braceav shakes. I nivir heard yet, Patsey, of rale genuine mo rality, being forced up like the cowenmber by violent extrames,and.I can'tchallenge my me mory of ancient times wid a single instance of a nation that wasn't fond of a noser in the' pro per sayson. What would Julius Cysar hate done afther swimmin, wid his life betnne his teeth, if he haln't had a resiser of Calidumn cum, a they called it in them days, fo take the Cowrl. oi? at, their fourbones? I'm thinkin there's as much .-tece of the Colony gettin' the fMaine Law, as of England's building Mr. Silk Bnckingsham's moacJ towns, where there's to be no baillif's, bill discor?'2her; polis, -or other nnisances, and where an inhak~Zi=t may may have his watch at the cross-roads at nlig;', and find it wid a bran-new goold chain into the bargin' on the morrow. I nirir cottoned td tee-totalism miselt, sence Surgeon Rooney cut open poor Marty Flynn, and found nothin' in his intayrior but tay laves an' a snow-ball; I'm glad to tell you they won't be hobetin' our Mayor tbr a good bit yet. Quo Wa- rranto lis sent a card to the Docthur to say he'll be hasit ' at hi:i collar an' elbow, the lot of March; but his Worship ga,,i about smitn' and lookia' as if he was made out av good tempcr, and grased hi;mself e ey mc;nin' wid the rasett! al il of con!itinmint. Alt, thin. :ere's a dale in bein' hbarest and gaol timpir'd : in this wor!d, I'atsey, believe me; they're latrt;r in a slaTw-i?er thian all the kro:?!edge of Dfeccn, or the palaver of Demos:h;enl ; and, as I sometimes tell the mistnii's, they throw? a parer li? ht aboEt the brow of a eaom.an, than rest!y pearls. An conurs you're heard aao:it thb nlction betune Father Du::ae .a.n tlhe' IIospital Docthiur; well. I thin:ht I'd left pr',eisyizing at !ome in the oull country, but I find it's showan its dt-turbin front l.ere, and that, too, by the bed of the prectrate and the sick. If any p'lace ouht to be free fr m it, it's the refiuge-houses that eve-y tender heart dies snmethin for. It is not to be exprected that grace can besent down aid greel, and such litherar ma:t!her as the skin sorronwfl stabs of a pinitent pot-boy, isn't exactly the railia for a high pt:lse. Ah! then, I should like to see the b.uld in:driidual that'd prescribe a tract fLr the mrn.th;ss in her present o::asy and pra caron . o th:e ili IL .- :?.:. ,t:;.':z, Pelstoy, ltotv:¢ontt these reli-. gious dipu-titers arein peltin each otherwid) scripturai .-ese - I'm ateard there's a ldae of sacred lines perverted in these. fction fights, 'and a power i' bad tb.od geueratedd But,it's not a new thing to find the igar of relicion and holy purpose coverin a hIpe of selfishness. Did ve ever hear tell of the time Jim Moyna han.uo' Kevin? Roort, was guin to MUllingsr * Vell,-Sir.'he was on boord av one o' throe ould ramshackle Mcnal bo-ts, an!l when the ccm pan:y went down to the cabin to dinner, the dickens a-more was there ;,r >about a dozen neople to ate than a sor pig's cheek, a dish of lack puddius, anm a tearin fine Wicklow throut. Jem was an ancient thrareller, so he gets down to the good end. " COes," ses a pr.s'e, stickin his fork into the throut and hauling it on to his plate, "younce Im aprsste, and by the rules of my ordher cant ate mate." " And. tare and age. yer riverence," scs Jem, nwhiskin it, plate and all, to himself, " do you think nobody has a soul to be saved but yer self ?" The Masons had a mighty hop at IIooper's. on Wednesday night. There was no end o' force' meat bails, and all the other delicacies of the savser-and, as to th. champagne, it's been tricklin down the bannisthers ever sence. The Argus undertaker wants to know " shy there isn't a hall every night." Beros it's a funeral that'd suit him betthur or a ghost pit nic in a dark churchyard. There was a tidy gatherin of the quality theie,' I heerd; and. barrin a few male and faymale cases, and too many corks dhrawn, nothin partikler racy nor sthrange. Ah! thin Patsey, there was a time whin I'd cover the buckle, or punish a till gallon wid the best of them, and it wasn't cisy to loosen my grip, if I once got the ball on my foot, at the throttle on a favorite tune, till I'd b.aten the good out or the flnre. The weather's much cooler than it was at the commencement ar the week. I used to be env3ia; ye grass widowers them blazin hot nights-vihippin in to your boordin house stretchrrs, and cockin out your wings, like an agle afihur his mornin male, and nothin amin yer brioets bun a whisp av a clane sheet wid a smell av the mang'e.-Wow !-wow! Yours frequently, Geelong MA.nTIr Iit OsAnLX. 