VICTORIA. (frojiouii own correspondent.) Melbourne, January 17th. LEGISLATIVE AND POLITICAL. The State Support Bili is passed and awaiting the Vice Regal assent, which it will probably receive to-morrow ; it is now virtua;ly the law of the land, and if it were for nothing else but this one act of liberality, this single recognition of the true spirit of civil and religious liberty, our Legislative Council is entitled to some share of public gratitude. It was amusing to be in the Home on Friday, when the AttorneyGene ral moved the third reading. The opposition , had grown small by degrees and miserably less, some of the most rampant 'abolitionists having absented themselves altogether. Mr. Westgarth, after the Speaker took the chair, pleaded indisposition as an excuse to run away. Mr, Fawkner was, for that one day, most virtuously employed in tending his vines and looking after his goats at Paseoo vale, Mr. Myles had some important business to attend te in Geelong, and Dr, Thompson was either ' stolen or strayed,' or at all events could not be found. The forlorn hope was therefore led by iVlr. Henry Miller the money lender, who appeared as the accredited knight who was to do battle on behalf of the Wesleyan Methodists. Now these same Methodists all along indirectly supported the Bill, at least they did not openly oppose it, but when they began to nnlnn Inf A 4~X\ «-\ n m nnnf inaiT tn/\n I n fOAniTTQ themselves out of the £30,000, and consi dered that they were infinitely fewer in num ber than the Catholics or Church of Eng landers, and as population was to be the stand ard of distribution, these consistent gentry rushed forward at the eleventh, hour, through their doughty champion Henry Miller, who armed with a parchment' peti tion, praying for the postponement of the third reading for a week, resolved to die or stave off the evil day. Melbourne must be very much changed in these glorious -times of gold, when the money lender and usurer turns devotee and martyr, and doubly changed must it be. when Henry Miller abandons his counting-house, his parchment, mortgages, bills, bonds, and etceteras, and. wieiding his parchment petitions appears on the stage of the Council Chamber, to immo late himself at the shrine of Church, and State, cut the golden cord that links them or perish Hn the attempt ! When one be l-irvlz-la anoK n Tnnf-korw «vf t.rilA fipvnf.inn _ ho may indeed exclaim in the words of Lord Byron, ' Oh ! for a forty parson power to chant thy praise, Hypocrisy'! The Swad d^er Don Quixote was however speedily un horsed by Mr.O'Shanassy and the Attorney General, in whom he met something more formidable than a wind-mill, and the ques tion that the Bill do pass was put by the Speaker, and affirmed by a majority of the Council, with an excruciating squeal from Mr. Miller, and the circumgyration of some ten pair of eyes in the gallery, belonging to as many preachers, who lolled out their tongues uniil the white ' chokers' assumed a sky-b!ue tint, and turned up their eyes to heaven as if to avert the Divine vengeance from a Colony which they henceforth1 look upon as a doomed, a Godless, and heretic land. Poor men, they may rest easily and quiet their consciences, for if Victoria never gives heaven greater displeasure than by the act of her assembled Legislators thia day she will be a happy land indeed. The Session of Council is at leDgth drawing to a close, and it cannot last a fortnight longer. Tue Estimates are disposed of, and there remains only some three or four measures of impor tance to be disposed of, viz., the Melbourne University Bill, (read a second time,) a Road Bill founded on the report of a select committee appoiuted to enquire into thestate of the roads and bridges, the consideration of the City of Melbourne Water and Sewer age Report, and the Education Question. The Melbourne Sewerage and Water Report is an elaborate and interesting document. It enters very minutely into the several plans already promulgated on the subject, and recommends that the carrying out cf these two great public works shall not be left to the management of the Corporation, but vested in the bauds of paid Commis sioners, to be appointed by the Government. It is to be hoped that the Council will not separate without doing something in the matter, as the Sauatary condition of the city is at the present time in a fearful state, owing to the abundance of n'ith and the scarcity of water. I have already advised you of the unopposed return of Dr. Greeves as a member for the city, and considering the qualifications of the other candidates spoken of,' much as I am opposed to Greeves upon certain points, I consider him to bo most unquestionab y the best man of the lot. He is well read, an excellent debater, and avows sound political doctriues. He is not so much of a Govern ment toady as one might imagine, 'nor will he like others that I know, 8iuk into the silent representative nominee; no, there is a certain degree of pluck in Greeves, and he is mortally in dread of public opinion. The great fault in him is, that he is a time server j he endeavours by a sort of political generalship to please all parties, arid the consequence is, he is too clever by half. He overdoes the thing, and in endeavouring to seat himself securely on the two stools, he generally comes to the ground. Let- him but mark out a straitforward and manly career, and resolve to attain the goal by swerving neither to the right nor to the left, and if he does so the city will have no reason to regret her choice. He has been, taughfc a lesson, and let him profit by it. THE GOLD (FIELDS. Annexed are the returns for last week— - ozs. Government Escort from the Mount 5,870 Ditto Ballarat 3,967 Ditto the Mount 3,897 Victoria Gold Company , 20,154 33,888 An escort is expected from the Ovens ia the course of the week with at least 20,000 oz. Accounts from this field are still conflicting, but from the returns there can be no doubt of their paying tolerably well. Ballarat' is again declining, the Mount and Bendigo are not increasing, though it is said Mount Kooing gives much hope of large yields during the remainder of the summer. The Government now run an escort twice a week between Mount Alexander and Melbourne, and no doubt alarmed by the preference accorded to the private Escort Co., intend reducing the cost of transmission from this day to 6d. per oz. from Mount Alexander and Bendigo, and' Is. per oz. from the Ovens. Oq Friday gold rose to £3 10s. 9d. and £3 11s., occasioned by purchases for several vessels about to leave for London. During the past week the quantity exported was ? 15,583 oz. of which 15,183 oz. were shipped to London per Brilliant. The Banks have increased the discount on bills per London, a step which has occasioned some surprise. The increase was expected to be only tem porary. GENERAL. The weather continues fine and favourable for ail out-door occupations. Spriggs the runaway fraudulent bankrupt was brought on Saturday before the police court for fur ther examination and ordered to be- com mitted to gaol, to be thenco removed by virtue of a warrant from the Lieutenant Governor and forwarded per next steamer for England. Falconer, the Bow-streefc officer, despatched to apprehend him, came out in the Sarah Sands, steamer, and he and the re- captured bird will most likely retrace their voyage in the same vessel. A rather extensive enibezzlyment has lately come to light. Mr. Spence of Melbourne sent a clerk named Hanslip to Sydney, with. 1400 oz. of gold to sell, purchase goods and return with the same. Hauslip came back in the Warafcah minus the gold, cash, or goods, with a cock and buli story about his being robbed at the Adepui Hotel, York street. He is new in custody on a charge of embezzlement, and will be examined at the police court to-day. There'' is now over the Yarru areguar Ctiuv-i.- town with about five thousand iniiabitanu. i'uey are a sort of community in therase vv-, have their own butchers, bakers, and st' -s -. They appear tolerably contented, and ?siurinirttre summer weather there might be far more inconveuieuc habitations than a coml'^ituUie ii-ut perched 1 on the side of the Emerald -Hill, and fanned by the breezes from tiobsun s Jiay. When winter comes the picture wi.i assume a darker hue, and the discomforts will be such as to render a change of quarters absolutely ne cessary. The Legislative Council having sanctioned the Melbourne and iiobson's bay Railway Bill, the work is about to be com menced forthwith, but tuough there are on y two miles of line to be constructed, bome considerable time will elapse before thd firs train ia put in motion. The pa- ject of a railway between Melbourne and the Murray is revived, but for the present at least 1 douc think it will come to anyshiug. It is also in contemplation to establish a Hobsou's Bay Navigation Company, the obj..ct of which is to cheque the present high prices of lighterage, and to provide for the more secuiG transit of merchandise from the larg shipping at Williams-town to the wharf at : Melbourne. The company stark wifeh a capita! of £50,000, and propose to purchase ^fiamers, lighters, and erect wharves. This si so I take to be nothing more than a flash in the pan. Mr. W. F Mitchell, a settler afc Mount Macedon, has been appointed Chief Commissioner of police for the Colony. This is a rap over the knuckles for our late superintendent Mr. Sturt, who though a « jolly 20od fellow,' was never adapted for tlie office into which Mr.. La I robe thrust him. How Mr. Mitchell will turn out J cannot say, but he has tho reputation of being a tnan of business, and was trained in a good school, the Colonial-Secretary's office in Van Dietnen s Land. Mr. bturt, it is thought, wiil be appointed a sort of itinerant Inspector, but the arrangements are not yet complete. The (xovemment are bringing into the market some hundreds of small allotments of land in the township of Castlemaine and Caresbfook (near the dig gings) Better late than never; this is the only way by which the lucky go'd digger can ever be made to settle down a contented and industrious colonist of Victoria, THE CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION. A meeting of this body was held last evening in St. Ei aacis Hall, and as is usually the.case, was nu merously attended. The Rev. Horatio Geoghegan presided and apologised for the non- attendance of the. Very Rev. the Vicar General, who, he stated, had been taken rather suddenly ill- after Mass that day. It therefore devolved upon himself to take Dr. Geoghegan's place that, evening, and he therefore, threw himself on their indulgence confident upon receiving every assistance. The Rev. Gentleman proceeded to deliver a very fluent' and- interesting address upon the all-important subject of Educa tion. He pictured the evils to i;esult from the neglect of parents, in procuring for their offsprings a sound, liberal, Catholic education, upon which all their future life in a great measure depended. It depended on the education of their children whether their holy faith remained implanted in this country. The lights of faith had. been lit up in other countries of the world but the wickedness of the ueonlfi nansfld the Lord- to siiflfer it. t.n hf- pvfin . guished. Such would not be the case in. this land as long as there was a priest, and while a Catholic remained, there would be a priest too. It therefore became a subject of serious, consideration to Catho lic parents whether they, should not adopt every means of having their children properly educated as they would be thereby sowing more deeply the. seeds of- Catholicity in Victoria. The Rev, Gentle man next remarked upon the progress of Catholi city which were most gratifying, he cautioned Ca tholic parents against sending their children to Protestant schools, and demonstrated the evils to: result from such a pernicious course, and. again im pressed upon the audience the great benefits of a good Education. He next addressed himself to the prevalence of intemperance, amongst Catholics than which nothing cpuld he more calculated to. bring their holy religion into disrepute, He exhorted all to refrain from such a detestable vice, or otherwise they could not possibly evince a proper zeal towards furthering- the object of the association. The Eev. Mr. Madden next addressed the meet ing by referring to the great benefits to result from the operations of the Cathojic Association, which enabled Catholics to unite and present a brazen front to their enemies. The Rev. Gentleman then apologised for being unprepared to address them, but notwithstanding made a very eloquent speech, replete with caustic and real humour, and was greeted with thunders of applause. 1 transcribe the following as a sample passage. He would next \ji*.i± bii'vu tibtoiiiiwii ui* cut ina.tjjaiit lctLtJi num. tllG Bishop, of Melbourne which he had read in the Morning Herald. He begged pardon he should not call him, the Bishop of Melbourne but the Queen Bishop, and if there existed any doubt about this woman made Bishop, let them look at his apron and 'twould tell them. (Laughter.) Now this man talked about the ' Satanic delusions' of Catholics, but if he (Dr. Terry) was amongst his (Father Madden's), countrymen, and told lies of them, they would very soon take off his apron. (Laughter.) They would do to him what the Clare women did to Durby Scanlan at the late election for that county. He would tell them what that was, for it was published in a late number of the Tablet. Now Darby was an elector of Clare, and refusing to vote for O'Brien, he was one of the Vandeleur's men. Early in the morning the priest and his party started off for the polling town, Darby remaining at home. Darby however subsequently took it into his head to make a short cut over the mountains to. Ennis, but unfortunately for himself, had to pass through a small village. All the men were gone, but the women remained, and knowing what Darby Scanlan was about, what do you think they did to him ? Well I will tell you 'what they didn't do to him. They didn't strip off his shirt. (Laughter.) but every other dud on his carcass was pulled away and procuring some nettles, they nettled poor Darby back again over the hill. (Loud laughter.) Darby at length breathless with running came to the top of a hill that overlooked his own cottage and the moment his wife and daughter saw him they could not be brought to believe that it was the mortal Darby who was before their eyes, but that it was their father's ghost which had come from some neighbouring grave yard to haunt them. (Loud laughter). Now if Dr. Perry ; happened to be amongst those ladies and told them they were labouring under Satanic delusion, or in other words going on the straight road to the devil, there could be very Jittle doubt that his skin would be in dangerr These remarks were not intended with the view .that Dr. Perry shoitfd be subjected to a nettling for several reasons. Nettles did not grow in this country. (A voice— there are plenty of thistles, and loud laughter.); Secondly it was a known fact that nettles did; not sting nettles, and lastly if nettjes were procurable and the Darby Scanlan. process were to be. repeated on Dr. Perry why he would die of fright,. No they would spare him. a little longer, as, the oat spares the mouse, to watch him ^ and please God at their next meeting His Lordship would get that; which, would make him about as thankful as Darby Scanlan was to thq Clare woman. (Laughter.) The subscriptions amounted- to £60 lfls, and the meeting adjourned at nine o'clock. I may. observe that it was intended, to propose, an address, of con gratulation to Dr. Gdold on h,is_return from Europe bu,t the matter was, postponed, in consequence, of the Vicar-General's illness. 