THE SLEEP OF KINGS. (From the People's Paper.) Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown. \- Shakespeare. The words of Mazzini, that, ' The soil of Europe is but a volcanic crust,' are strictly true — and the hot soles of tyranny are forced to figure in an uncomfortable dance, to find some ease upon its burning surface. Like apes treading upon coals, the crowned heads of Europe and their satellited cut' the most fantastic capers, but as yet, each time they raise their cloven hoofs, it is not their own blood, it is the blood of martyrs that streams upon the ground. That petty and sordid ambitions try to rise upon this terrible stage — that the grotesque figures by the side ot the horrible — is to be expected from human nature: never are the low intrigues of courts more rife, than on the eves of revolutions — and it is generally at such times that the police -branch is the dominant portion of every govern ment. For tyranny instinctively feels and knows its danger— a clammy fear sweats from its plethoric limbs — like a murderer, it sees a ghost where- it finds but solitude — it hears a gibbering, where it meets but silence. Armed masses do not confront, it is true — but it sees a cap of liberty in every common hat; pike and torch do not dazzle, it is true — but it beholds the conflagration of citadels in the smoke of every cigar. Kings sit down to dinner with fear, and rise up with indiges tion ; they go out for a ride or walk, asking themselves, ' Shall I be stabbed or shot — and will it be only a wound, or a death-blow ?' They go to a ball, and in the twang of every fiddle- string fancy they hear the whiz of a bullet — and when they wake at night from an unpleasant dream, pass their hands along their neck to see whether their throats are cut. We have it from very good authority that, ' His Imperial Majesty, Napoleon the Third, Emperor of the French, King of Algeria, and Protector of the Holy Places' the kind of (places are not particularly specified, we have our) own notions however — we have it, we say, from very good authority, that this great potentate looks under his bed, every night, before going to bed, with a drawn sword in one hand, and a lighted candle in the other — of course merely to see if something is in its proper place. But the ' Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary and Bohemia, and lord of untold principalities,' was placed we are told, in a still more alarming pre dicament. He was about getting into his bed the other night, and was stretching forth his limbs, when suddenly he started out, as though he had felt the hand of Lebeny. ' What is it sire !' criec. the Chamberlains? 4 A grenadier !' cried His Majesty. ' A what! sire?' 'I felt his furred cap, a grenadier — an assassin !' Up rushed the lacquies, back went the bed clothes and there was discovered comfortably coiled underneath, the Emperor's — ; pet cat ! The attendants could not help laughing. ' I tell you, gentlemen I' said his Majesty, putting his hand to the back of his head, (where Lebeny struck him) ' this is a serious matter — it is a cat, but it might have been an assassin— let the bed be searched every night before I retire.' So kings sleep — -meantime, the people are waking. But while these ludicrous terrors — that would really provoke laughter were it not that the best and the bravest have to suffer from those fears— while this ridiculous panic is possessing the minds of sovereigns — a set of foul harpies live upon their unhealthy condition, and aggravate the disease. Police Rulq, not Government , is the order of the day in Europe — and the recently discovered conspiracy in Berlin affords a striking illustration — shewing how the people are played off, and hundreds sacrificed, to serve the petty ambition of a low official. A certain police agent, Stieber, and his superior, Hinkeldey, had long been anxious for office, and had long been intriguing to get the police of Prussia made an independent branch of Government. This, Baron Manteuffel resisted, as did also the Minister Westphalen — representatives of two aristocratic -and bureaucratic classes in Prussia— as tending to wrest power from their order, and diminish their influence and prerogative. However, the intriguers went on and at last the soft-brained king said:— ' the police ministry shall be formed— if you can show that there is any occasion for it.' The first fruits of this was the ' Cologne conspiracy' — and though Stieber broke down so lamentably, that the Govern ment were themselves obliged to reject his evidence he nevertheless had shown how useful he might be—' and was rewarded by being made Polizeirath. Still, however, there was no adequate reason shown for creating the new power— when the Milan Insur rection broke forth. ' You will be blown up in your palace, Sire!' cried Hinkeldey and Stieber. The attempt of Lebeny was made:' You will be stabbed in the Thiergarlen !' exclaimed the worthy pair. ' Let the ministry be formed — and, above all, place me in safety,' gasped Frederick- William; and forthwith the shape of every hat became an object of attention to the police — a 'Calabrian' being thought sedition, and a red feather being treason — as of course it must be, while the white feather is being shown by kings. But the police- ministers still wanted greater proof of their use fulness — and, accordingly, the Berlin conspiracy was manufactured to order. An old coat of a lackadaisical professor-poet — a queer shaped hat — an anniversary— and a knowledge of deep- seated discontent supplied the data for prosecution. The police directors know they need but dig up the volcanic crust anywhere to find signs of the burn ing lava, — and, accordingly, they soon discovered the manufacturing of arms, the subscxibing of revo lutionary funds, revolutionary organisation, and pre parations for an outbreak. They have found out nothing that they did not know before — they have gained no advantage, except making the king believe that he cannot do without them — they have merely further demonstrated the fact, that there will be a revolution soon, but they have done— they can do nothing to prevent it. Some thirty or forty people suffer— more than that would perish at a single barricade in a success ful outbreak. It does not weaken the ranks of revolution— it only strengthens them — it strength ens them by the bond of revenge— it consolidates them by the mortice of hot tears. Meanwhile, the poor imbecile who sits upon the throne is deluded into the belief that the nucleus of revolution is crushed. But the revolution is not in the red feather of an enthusiastic shop boy's hat — the re volution is the feeling that keeps working men in full work still making arms, ever since the last re volution was betrayed and ruined— that keeps them subscribing for the coming outbreak, in the very time of prosperity — it is in the heart of masses — not in the breast of demagogues. That is no trivial impulse — that is no isolated action— that keeps flickering like the lightening of a frightful storm, in all parts of the heavens at one time ! From the soft sands of the Mediterranean, to the hard rocks of the Baltic. From the green banks of the blue Seine, to the rude shores of the broad Danube. 20 (100) 000 Socialists march in Paris- — the dagger of Lebeny glitters in Vienna ; a conspiracy is found in Hungary — arrests are multiplied in Munich; hand granades are discovered in Rostock, a sentinel is stabbed at Palermo ; insurrection bursts forth in Milan, it is quelled — but outbreak is scarce checked in Prague — a rising is threatened in Mantua, and a conspiracy is discovered at Berlin ! What is this but the irrepressible upheavings of a tempest, that cannot be kept back, even at the back of its own leaders — till the appointed time — that cannot be repressed by the arm of palsied power — that cannot be deluded even by the most deadening influence of all the pacifying agency of 4 brisk trade' and so- called prosperous times. What will it be, you tyrants when the crisis comes? You will hear the lava roaring and hissing and crackling beneath your thrones- — and yet not see it — now and then a glimmer will shoot through the cracked earth : — ' It is there !' you will cry— and throw an army over the chasm. ' It is here ! you will cry — -and recall your regiments. ' It is everywhere !' you will confess aghast, as, with a mighty roar, the great irruption pours across the world, and that still widening gulf will never close, until, unlike the chasm in the Roman Forum, not the worthiest and the best, but you and your thrones, the vilest and most worthless, are cast into its expiating depths. Ernest Jones. 