THE RUSSIAN ROYAL FAMILY IN ENGLAND. The Grand Duchess Marie of Russia, eldest daughter of the Emperor, and widow of the Duke de Leuchtenberg, is on the eve of visiting this country for the benefit of the health of her Imperial Highness's youthful family.— Her Maiestv's Government steamer Vivid, Captain Smithett. left Dover yes- terday morning for Antwerp, to be in readiness to receive the Grand Duchess, and convey her Imperial Highness and suite to England. Count Wiehorski, Second Secretary of the RusBian Legation, has gone in the Vivid to Antwerp, to be in attendance upon the Grand Duchess. Her Imperial Highness will be accompanied by her six children. . HIb Excellency Baron Brunow will leave town this morning, to be in rea diness to receive the Grand Duchess on her arrival in that port. Her Imperial Highness will proceed from Dover direct for Torquay, where a mansion has been taken for the season, for the accommodation of the Grand Duchess and her Imperial Family. ' The Grand Duchess Catherine of Russia, daughter of the Grand Duke Michael, and niece of the Emperor, is also about to pay another visit to this AAimtrv. in comnanv with her Royal Consort the Duka George of Mecklen- burgh Strelitz. Her Imperial Highness was so much pleased with her resi dence at Shanklin, in the Isle of Wight, last year, that she has decided on again visiting the same locality, and a very fine mansion has been taken for her Imperial Highness's accommodation at Ryde. The Vivid is under orders to proceed, immediately after her arrival at Dover, with the Grand Duchess Marie, to Ostend, from which port the Grand Duchess Catherine and her Royal Consort will embark for England. Count Bloudolff, Attache to the Russian Legation, proceeds to Ostend in the Vivid, to be in attendance upon the Grand Duchess.— Times, July 9. Wanted the diameter of the 4 circle of fashion' —a square foot from the 4 deal of trouble' — feathers from the 4 wings of love' — the cord that 4 binds two hearts together' — a relic from the 4 shrine- of friendship' — bubbles from the 4 springs of joy' — a gem from the 4 crown of virtue — the weapons with -which people 4 kill time' — to know if 4 spirits' of wine and 4 ghosts' are akin — a stone from the pinnacle of glory'— to know the length of a plumb line that will sound the 4 depths of knowledge' — to know the rate of time of the 4 flow of reason' — to know if you intend publishing the 4 music of the spheres' — and, whether the 4 march of intellect' is in slow or quick time — and, how to soothe 4 a murmuring stream' — or. to quiet a 4 babbling brook.' A knavish attorney asked a very worthy gentle man what was honesty. 4 What is that to you ?' said he ; 4 meddle with those things that concern you.' Device of a Militiaman at Burnley. — The appearance of the 5th Lancashire is thus described by a contemporary 4 The men cut a sorry figure before they were clad in their regimentals ; great numbers of them wearing clogs, and others posessing the most wretched apologies for shoes : whilst one of them had to appear at drill without either shoes or stockings, and the only substitute with which the poor fellow had to provide himself was to blacken his feet with black lead, and make imitation lace-shoes up the front ! The poor fellow's ingenuity was pointed out to Mr. Hardy, one of the officers of his company, who immediately ordered hitn out of the ranks, took him to a shop, and provided him with a pair of shoes, as a mark of respect for his ingenuity.' — Preston Chronicle. An unfortunate landlord, going round to collect his rents, sent his servant forward to prepare his tenants for the visit. On reaching the first .house, and seeing his servant taking a survey, apparently in vain endeavouring to gain admittance, he said, 4 What is the matter, John ? Is the door bolted ?' — 4 I don't know, master,' was the reply, 4 but the tenant evidently has.' The Cow and Calf. — A dandy, who wanted the milk passed to him at the country tavern, thus asked for it : — 4 Landlady, please pass your cow this way !' To whom the landlady thus retorted — 4 Waiter, take the cow down there where the calf is bleating !' M. du Tremblay, a French gentleman, has"built a steamer, which is worked by the vapour of ether ; and it appears that the same force and the same 6peed are obtained at one-half the expenditure oi: coal, and with engines which occupy less room. The other presents also some other minor advan tages, amongst which the incrustation of the boilers is not the least. The ether-propelled vessel has been tried with sucess in the sea off Marseilles, anc . Has been sent on a voyage to Algiers. — Glasgow M Advertiser. Morgan Jones and the Evil one. — Morgan Jones having been accused of dealing with Satan, 4 Why yes,' answered Morgan, 4 there's some truth in that same, sure enough; I used to meet him now and then, but we fell out, and I have not seen him this two months.' 4 Aye !' exclaimed each of the party, 4 How's that, Morgan ?' 4 Why then be quiet, and I'll tell it to you all.' And thereupon Morgan emptied his pot, and had it filled again, and took a puff of his pipe and began his story 4 Well then,' says he, 4 you must know I have not seen his honor for a long time ; and it was about two# months ago from this time that I went one evening along the brook, shooting wild fowl, and as I was going whistling along, whom should I spy coming up but the devil himself. But you must know he was dressed mighty fine, like any grand gentleman, though I knew the old one well by the bit of his tail which hung out at the bottom of his trousers. Well, he came up, and says he. 4Morgan, how are you ?' and says I, touching my hat, 4 Pretty well, your honor, I thank ye.' And then says he, 4 Morgan, what are you looking arter, and what's that long thing ye're Carrying with ye ? And says , 4 I am only walking out by the brook this fine evening, and carrying me backy pipe with me to smoke.' Well, you all know the old fellow is mighty n _i o 1 1 1 1 . _ t / ii . i a 9 .1 rona or me oacKy ; so says ne, morgan, leis nave a smoke, and I'll thank ye.' And says I, 4 You're mighty welcome.' So I gave him the gun, and he put the muzzle in his mouth to smoke, and thinks I, 4 I have you now, old boy,' 'cause you see I wanted to quarrel with him ; so I pulled the trigger, and oft went the gun bang in his mouth. 4 Puff!' says he, when he pulled it out of his mouth, and he stopped a minute to think about it, and says he, 4 Infernal strong backy, Morgan I' Then he gave me the gun, and looked huffed and walked off, and sure enough I've never seen him since. And that's the way I got shut of the old gentleman, my boys 1' — tyrigMs Superstition in the Middbe Ages An American Lady on Handsome Men. — Fanny Fern, a correspondent of the Boston Olive Branchy thus replied to an individual who said somebody was not calculated to win a lady's heart because he was not handsome : — 4 Begging your pardon, Solomon that's a great mistake. It is quite unes sential that a man should be 4 handsome.' Let him pray the gods in the first place, to make him a gentleman — a gentleman at home as well as abroad. Let him stipulate a fine figure and courtly manner, and leave it to their discretion after that to shape his eyes, nose, and mouth, provided they don't make them hideous. Save us from your plaid- painted, border-vested," big-cravated, moustached, cologne-sprinkled, bejewelled, brainless exquisite. Give us a well informed, plainly-dressed, self- posessed, intelligent-masculine, perfectly at home upon all subjects, foreign and domestic ; neither cringing to the great nor oppressing the little ; who puts one hand on his sword and the other on his heart, when a woman's name is mentioned ; who raises no blush on the cheek of humble, innocence ; who holds in contempt no living thing that God has made ; who can pity the weak and erring without a Pharisaical reviling; who can argue without loss of temper and dignity ; who scorns a bribe or an oath ; who has an arm for trembling age, a smile for prattling infancy, and a strong brave heart for the oppressed and defenceless. But a 4 pretty man, a pink and white Sir Brainless !' the united work of a tailor, hatter, shoemaker, and perfumer! Heaven save the mark! Women know better. ' A Crow's Court Martial. — Well; I have heard the crows talk to each other, and seen them plant sentries out when they seed me a watchin' of them, and once I actilly saw them hold a court-martial. The old veterans came from all the ports about here and from all the islands, and bluffs, and shores, up and downjj; and the culprit hung his head down, and looked foolish enough you may depend, What he had done I don't know. Whether he had run off with another crow's wife, or stole a piece of meat, or went to sleep when he was on guard, or what, I don't know ; but after consultin' together, they turned to, and fell on him and killed him, and then adjourned the court and dispersed ; that's a natural fact.- -Sam Slick's Wise Saws. A Question about a Mummy.— A short time since, a man arrived at Augusta, Ohio, with a mummy which he was desirous of exhibiting, but as it was repuisite to obtain permission from the judge of an inferior court, he applied to one of them sitting for a license, stating that what he had to exhibit was the greatest curiousity ever seen in the United States. 4 What is it ?' asked the judge. 4 An Egyptian mummy, may it please the Court, more than three thousand years old,' said the show man. 4 Three thousand years old !' exclaimed the judge, jumping up ; 4 and is the darned critter alive ?' 