REVIEW. (Front the Atlas, July 2.) Tho Poetical amd Dramatic Works of Sir Edward Bulwar Lytton. Bart. Vol. III. London; Chapman and Hull. 1853. Tho third volume of this elegant and convenient edition of Sir Bulwer Litton's poems contains tho three last hooks of King Arthur, and two books entitled " Corm Flowers." In tho first book of the latter, the poems are cither new or have been retouched by tho author's hand, and it is there ftro to them only that we propose to direct atten- tion. The first thing that strikes those who know only the author's novels and his reputation for genius, is the great and unpleasant difficulty of making out what it is he means, and this not from any depth of thought, but from such a put- ting together of words that their grammatical re- lation is involved in tho most bewildering confu- sion. Let us take it sample from the first poem we light upon, entitled "Is it all vanity." The cue to the thought is in the lines— Who would put forth one billow from the shore If the great sea be—Death ? The writer continues But if tho soul, that slow artificer, For ends its instinct rears from life hath striven, Keeling beneath its patient webwork stir Wings only freed in Heaven. Then and but then to toil is to be wise. We imagine few readers will succeed in unravel- ling this mystery at all. Whether anybody will be helped by taking the puzzle to pieces and put- ting tho bits together thus—we cannot venture to say. But if that slow artificer, the soul, hath striven from life, far ends which its instinct rears. For instincts to " rear ends,'' is somewhat comical, perhaps they rear up and stand on end, and the obscurity may arise from our not being accus- tomed to see them performing this equestrian feat. Another common obscurity in which Sir Ed- ward delights in that of thought. Here is a piece of a poem on tho "Love of Maturer Years" : — Why seek, fair child to pierce the dark That wraps tho giant wrecks of old ? Thou wert not with me In tho ark When o'er my life tho deluge roll'd. "Wo have generally been taught to consider tho ark a place of safety. Noah set sail in it to keep the deluge from " rolling over his life ;" nad if Sir Bulwer Lytton and tho young lady, or either of them, had been in an ark that suffered ship, wreck, and tho waters had rolled over their souls -which we presume they keep in their bodies like other folks-it is more than probable that neither of them would have been left alive to morulise on tho " love of maturer years.'* In subsequent verses we are told, Tho diamond's home is in tho mine, The violet's beneath the thorn. Thora, purer light the diamond gives Thau when to baubles vhti|>cd tho ray ; ' There, safe ut leant tho violet lives From hands that clasp-to cast away. Where tho poet found a jeweller able to cut rays and shape them to baubles we cannot tell, nor where ha learnt that curious piece of naturul history that n rough diamond smothered in dirt mid in complete darkness, gives a purer light than when polished and brought out of its ob scurity. We cannot precisely admire an image in another verse From bitter grief and iron wrona; W7im Memoiy get* her çaptivej'ree, Whon joy ls lil the skylark's Pong, My blithesome »tops shall bound to thee. For memory to " set her captive free," is very like forgotting a thing by recollecting it, willoh does not occur in tho world of prose-that of poetry appears quito different. It should be re- marked that memory is mado tho active agent of not remcmhorlnjr, which goes beyond all pootio license, and becomes simply not sense or nonc SOIISP. Momory is qucorly (rented in another poem called tho " Everlasting Grave- Digger." The poet stands beside a grave, and sees a phantom "disinterring tho dead under the stars." In re- ply to a polite inquiry of what ho was doing, the phantom " cast a skull before his feet :" A skull with worms encircled and ti crown, Aud mouldering shreds of JIcauty's nindiup; sheet. Chilling and cheerless doivii SlilinmcrM tho stars. Tho poem then asks this resurrectionist ghost (o " bring once more thc monarch to his throno, to Ueuuty's cheek tho rose,'' and receives for answer " Fool, aw ny 1 Thou ABk'ftt of Memory that willoh Failli must give ; Mino ls tho task to disinter thu clay, Hers to hld Hf« revive," Cloud left thu stars. Wo novor met with any one whoso Momory was in tito habit of bringing back departed friends in tho guiso of mouldering bones and rotting wind- ing slicott>, and if such a caso should nppoar to occur, a medical attendant would not treat thc complaint ns tho lint urn 1 purformauco of tho func- tion ol' memory, but would look upon it us nu hallucination connected with morbid seoreticus of tho liver, nod preset ibo bluo pill and chango of air. Another poem is called " The Pantheism of Love passing into the Ideal." What is this ? The poem helps us little in finding out. We give it entire :— Then I rose,at dawn departing, Wan the dead earth, wan the snow, Wan tho frost-beam dimly darting Where thu corn-seed lurlc'd below ; From that night, ns streams dividing At tho fountain tilt thu sea, Wildly dialing, gently gilding, Life has twofold lives for me ; Ono by mart and forum passing, Vex'd ivlluctlnu of thu crowd ; Ono tho hush nf forests glassing, Or tho changos of Hie cloud, Dy tho calmer stream, for over Dwell thc ghosts that haunt thc heart, Amt tho phantoms mid thu river Jlaku thu Vont-World of Art. Thero, in all Unit Fancy Rtldclh, Still thy vanbliM snillu l seo ¡ And each airy hall il hiilldeth ls a votive shrine tu theu I Do mon praise thu labour?-gladdcu'd That thu homage muy endure; Do they scorn lt ?-only sititilcu'd That thluu tillar ls sn poor. If tho Iloaiitlfut bu clearer As tho seeker'« doy« decline, Should thu Ideal not ho nenn e As my soul approaches thine? Thus thu pingle light bereit ma Fused thru' all creation Hows ', elating wheru a «un had left mu Lo tho myriad stars arose I Tho "dawn'1 in tho first lino Booms to bo tho " night" of tho first linu of tho second verso. In tho third verso ono of tho streams is "glassing" -that is refloating tl.u « hush of forests.'* This reflecting sllonco lu tho water, ii Uko bottling tho nonio mudo by cuts' feet in walking, or tho nalia made 'by Joseph of Arimathea when chopping wood-willoh lust Is bottled soinuwharo in Fin nee for tho bonollt of Imo boliovors. The Inst vorso but one Is a specimen of tho Tenterden Steeple and Goodwin Sands kind of logic. We suppose tho idea is that sa death likes men into the presence of tho Beautiful, so he approaches nearer to it as his days decline. Also, that as tho soul of tho speaker approaches that of tho lady of his love, he grows nearer to tho Ideal, which dwells in her. Having obtained an Insight into Ilia two phenomena, a fuiioiful lino of analogy may be perceived, bul when tho second phenomena Is put ns ir deduei I lc finn thu fust result is vcr} confused und erroneous. Test (lils by trnndathig- Ilia pnssnge into filaiii English, thus :-If sinking? into old nge and thus approaching- dentil would bring me nearer to tho Beautiful, should not loving-you bring mo nearer Ideal ? A sensible young- woman thus addressed would decline tho delicate atten- tions of a suitor who thought that loving; her and getting decrepid from old age were things so in innately connected, that what was true of one might bu i nier lcd us Uno of tho other. Connect- ing this verco willi the concluding one by " thu'," makes thc matter more inconsistent. Having decided by a curious process of reasoning thal appi ouching tho young Indy's soul will lead him to the Ideal, wo fun! tbut wben bereft of this soul or light, he immediately ri- ache-B tho Iden), and die myriad stars arose.'* Wo could fute or molt a candle-for wo suppose the word is to he taken in its ordinary meaning-but to melt light is physically impossible, aud makes a veiy bad imago. To have creation swimming in melted light, suggests tho idea of a cabbage swimming in melted butter, which is more savory than dig- nified, and belongs rather to tho science of cookery than to the art of poetry. If those poems had been produced by an author of small reputation, we should have quietly allowed them to make that reputation less ; but coming from Sir Bulwer Lytton, they might, if allowed to pass unnoticed, do something to cor- rupt public taste-and hence we have bestowed our care upon them. 