2.tgís¡Iatíb* Councils THURSDAY, 14TH JULY. The Council met yesterday at four o'clock. The following members were in attendance during the evening : OFFICIAL. REPRESENTATIVES. The Colonial Treasurer, Messrs. W. Archer, jun. The Colonial Secretary, Chapman, The Attorney-General, Dunn, The Solicitor-General. Fenton, NON-ofFICIAL. 7,0!C> .,,. Gregson, Messrs. Allison, Gleadow O'Connor, Kermode, Bisdee, Morrison, Leake. Nutt Sharland, Cleburne, Walker. Mr. Anstey was absent. CAPTAIN FENTON gave notice of his intention to move this day for an Address to His Excellency, requesting he would be pleased to lay upon the table a copy of a letter from Mr. Sharland to the Surveyor General, with respect to the payment of a sum of money alleged to have been paid as rent for certain lands; also the Survc3'or-Gencrars letter on the above, and the Colonial Secretary's reply thereto. MR. LEAKE to move, on Tuesday next, an Address to His Excellency, requesting that he will be pleased to appropriate snub a sum of money as he may deem adequate for the purpose, for the use of Mrs. O'Boyle, as a pension or otherwise, in consideration of the services of her late husband, Sergeant O'Royle. MR, SHARLAND, for this day, to move an Address to His Excellency, requesting him to place upon the Estimates for the year 1854, and the ensuing years, the sums of £100 per annum as a pension for the widow of the late Rev. Dr. Bedford. MR. KERMODE, for Friday the 12th July, to move for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal and amend the 6th and 7th sections of Act of Council, 16 Vict., No. 8, intituled the Act for Maintaining the Cross and Bye Roads of this Colony. MUNICIPAL live LAWS. MR. GLEADOW laid the Bye Laws' of the Launceston Municipal Council upon the bible of the House, in pursuance of the provisions contained in the Municipal Act. RESIGNATION OF THE COLONY. MR. SHARLAND rose to move the following Address : To THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY We, Your Majesty's loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Members of the Legislative Council of Van Diemen's Land in Council assembled, beg leave to approach Your Majesty with the assurance of our attachment to Your Majesty's person and Government. We beg leave humbly to represent to Your Majesty that this portion of Your Majesty's Dominions has never received any other name than that of Van Diemen's Land, given to it when discovered in 1642, by Abel Janz Tasman, a Dutch navigator, who named it after Anthony Van Diemen, at that time Governor of Batavia, a Dutch Settlement. That a portion of the Northern part of New Holland also bears the same designation. That it is the humble opinion of this Council that the present time, when Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to confer on us Free Institutions, and the Colony is about to be declared no longer a Penal Settlement, is a proper occasion fronts to beg that Your Majesty will be pleased to determine the name which shall be given in future to this portion of the British Empire. That Your Majesty has been pleased to issue Letters Patent creating this Colony into a See, styled the Diocese of Tasmania. That the Colony is now frequently spoken of as Tasmania and that mine is preferred by the Colonists generally, and by this Council. We therefore humbly pray that Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to proclaim that, in respect to this Colony, the name of Tasmania be substituted for that of Van Diemen's Land, as a just tribute to the able navigator Tasman by whom it was discovered. in bringing forward this Address, Mr. Sharland trusted there would be no difference of opinion upon the question in fact, he thought there could not be any objection, and he should not require to bring forward any argument beyond those which were used in the Address itself. He had no hesitation in saying that, in his opinion, the time had arrived when the name of Van Diemen's Land could be appropriately changed to Tasmania. It might be said, " What is there in a name," that it was necessary to make a change. He did not wish to draw any nice distinctions upon this point, but, looking merely at the manner in which British Colonies had been named, he did not think there was any other under British rule which bore the name of any foreigner and looking also at the way in which it was written, and us_ Van Diemen had never, to his knowledge, seen it, nor had the slightest connexion with it, he saw no reason why it should preserve the name. He could very well understand that when a navigator goes forth upon discovery, he has a just claim to name the countries he discovers ; but all that was known of the circumstances under which the colony had been nianicd was, that it was called after Anthony Van Diemen, the Dutch Governor of Batavia; he did not know from what motive, but it was perhaps from modesty on the part of Tasman, who did not like to name it after himself. The name of the colony, he might say, had by almost universal adoption been changed into Tasmania, and it is only because the power of changing the name is entirely vested in her Majesty, that the name has not been formally changed from the name conferred upon it, in 1842, about 200 years ago. It was not ten years since Her Majesty was pleased to change the name of Port Phillip to Victoria, and he believed that the name of Tasmania would have been conferred upon this colony before now if any application had been made for that purpose. He had, therefore, no doubt that upon Her Majesty becoming acquainted with the wishes of the Council and a majority of the Colonists, that the name would be accordingly changed. Another reason the Address referred to was that some other parts of New Holland had the same name: there was Cape Van Diemen and the Gulph of Van Diemen, and as there was nothing to prevent these places making progress, some confusion might arise in future years from the similarity of designation. Another reason why the name of the Colony should be changed was one which he considered himself the most powerful ; as the House was aware, they had been granted Free Institutions, and also they had recently been assured, in the most straightforward and manly language ever used in any Despatch, language which every colonist must admire, that the colony was to cease to be a penal colony. He felt that they had a positive assurance that such would be the case. In the first place, the Despatch from Sir John Pakington had stated that it was intended to cease the system within a short period; and in the second, it had been followed by the most straightforward assurance of the Duke of Newcastle, that it had ceased altogether; and he could sooner doubt that the sun sinned than the assurance of' a nobleman distinguished by such a high sense of honour and integrity. It might be urged Mr. Sharland observed, that the Order in Council making tins a colony to which prisoners might be sent had not been revoked, but he urged there could be no doubt that it would be. He did not wish hon. members to act upon impulse ; but he thought they might calculate upon the Order being revoked with the utmost certainty. He himself could not doubt for a moment that transportation had ceased. Mr. Sharland further drew the attention of the House to the fact, that upon the creation of the Colony into an Episcopal See it had been styled Tasmania by Her Majesty, and he took that circumstance as a strong assurance that the Address would be favourably received. The Island was now frequently spoken of as Tasmania; and upon certain occasions, to which he need not particularly allude, the ladies of the colony were styled Fair Tasmanians. In conclusion, he said it would be a just tribute to the navigator who first discovered it, and he therefore moved the adoption of the Address. MR. JOHN DUNN seconded the motion. MR. GLEADOW regretted that he could not approve of the Address in the first place he did not like the Address itself; and in the second, he did not think this was a proper time for the subject to be brought forward. The reasons which were' embodied in the Address, to his mind, were not satisfactory. The two reasons upon which the Address appeared to be founded appeared to be, first, that the Bishop of Van Diemen's Land had been called the Bishop of Tasmania, and that it would be a just tribute to the memory of an able navigator to change its present title. There could be no question but the colony had got a bad name, and although a change of that name might be agreeable to him, and to many members of that House, he did not conceive these as sufficient reasons why the name should be changed. It appeared as if there was something attached to that name which jarred very strongly in the English car, when the Bishop of Van Diemen's Land was not called the Bishop of Van Diemen's Land; the Bishop of New Zealand was called the Bishop of New Zealand, and the Bishop of Sydney was called the Bishop of Sydney. (An hon. member on the opposite side, Ko, the Bishop of Australia) He could not see why the Bishop of Van Diemen's Land should be called the Bishop of Tasmania, except to avoid the odium of being the Bishop of a See constituted in a penal colony. He did not see either that they were bound to do justice to Abel Janz Tasman. He had the matter entirely in his own hands when he discovered the colony (laughter), and whether he named the colony after a Dutch Governor as a token of gratitude, or with a desire to meet favour in his eyes, he (Mr. Gleadow) could not tell ; but he could not agree with the hon. member for Cumberland, that we were called upon to name the colony after its discoverer, for it might be presumed that unless this Mr. Tasman daughter. had not had some very strong reason he would not have given it the name of' Van Diemen's Land, and if he did not wish to appropriate that honour to himself, why should they be called upon to do it for him He, Mr. Gleadow, did not know this able navigator nor any of his family. (Laughter.) He thought that such reasons as these could not justify the Address and unless they wished to provoke a smile from the Queen they would not adopt it. He was nevertheless quite willing that the name of the colony should be changed, but that change should not take place, in his opinion, until the circumstances of the colony had changed. (Hear, hear.) The Council had petitioned the Home Government to revoke the Order in Council making this a convict colony. It was quite true that they had a promise to the effect that transportation had ceased, and he would remind hon. members that they had before imagined they had a promise, and whether they were right or wrong presuming upon the faith of that promise, they had acted upon that promise. To act upon a promise now in the face of their former experience would, to his mind, he acting very imprudently indeed. It would be of no use to change the name of the Island, for we are still a convict colony, with convict constabulary and convict establishments, and as long as there is a trace of convictism in the colony, he should never wish the colony to change its name for a new one. Supposing the name to be changed to Tasmania to- morrow, as long as convictism existed in any shape, that name would become associated with it. We should become as notorious under the one name as the other, and the end of it would be that we should be driven by the same rule of reasoning to Her Majesty for a new name, and thus the colony would have a number of " aliases," which would do more to connect us with convictism than any other circumstance. When the colony is completely free from convictism, and when the Order in Council should be revoked, and the country could rank as a free colony, he should be willing to co-operate in any proposal which would have the effect of changing the name ; but, rather than run the risk of making one name as odious OR another, he trusted the Address would not be adopted. MR. ALLISON expressed his intention to vote against the Address. His first recollections of the colony was under the name of Van Diemen's Land, as Van Diemen's Land it had risen, and as Van Diemen's Land he prayed it might progress. He could see no possible benefit which could arise from any change of name, and he hoped it would remain as Van Diemen's Land still. There was nothing in the name of the country which they need be ashamed of MR. SHARLAND did not wish to press the motion upon the Council, more particularly as it was desirable that upon such a question the House should be unanimous. He should be sorry to take the decision of the House if there was to be any division at all upon the question. He was quite willing to withdraw the motion until November or December, or perhaps he might be allowed to make it contingent upon the revo- cation of the Order in Council. He enquired if that would suit the views of the hon. member for Cornwall? MR. GLEADOW could not support the Address either now or at any future period. The motion was subsequently, by leave, withdrawn. MR. ARCHER moved " That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, praying that His Excellency will be pleased to cause to be laid on the Table of this House a Return of the total number of men forming the Constabulary Force of this Colony ; together with the original Offence, Sentence, and Police Character of each individual Pass-holder and Ticket-of- Leave holder among them." The hon. member observed that he would be as brief as the ghost in Hamlet in stating his reasons. He wished the exact condition of the constabulary force to be ascertained, so that the inhabitants of this colony might know what sort of individuals composed it, and to ascertain whether those who were appointed con- servators of the peace were not likely, from previous training and habits, to be first to break it. The hon. member dwelt at some length upon the absurdity of the imagination which could believe that the murderer under extenuating circumstances, the pickpocket, or the burglar, were fit and proper persons to protect the lives and properties of the public. He contended, in fact, that the way in which reinforcements were obtained by the Chief Police Magistrate was contrary to the spirit and intention of the Act of Council for regulating the Police of this Island, and spoke in terms of strong disparagement of the generality of the force. The specimen which he had seen at the Hobart Town Election, as he had observed before, were instead of being " fit and able " for the service like Bombastes' army, up and down like the notes in a bar of music. The qualities which were required in a constable were honesty, sobriety, intelligence, courage, and benevolence, (the Attorney- General, " on half-a-crown a-day "), combined with education ; but he argued, how could those qualities he expected from men just landed from a convict ship, from whence they were drafted like sheep from a yard The hon. member in support of his case related several cases of misconduct on the part of constables, and was about to contend (until reminded by the hon. Attorney- General that any laws passed in England since the granting of the charter to this colony were not in force, except brought into operation by Act of Council that it was repugnant to the 5th 9 6th Victoria, c. 109 8-7, which provided, that all persons who had been attainted of felony or any infamous crime should not be eligible to serve as parish constables in the United Kingdom. Abandoning, therefore, that line of argument, he expressed a hope that the papers would be furnished, notwithstanding the observations which had heretofore escaped the Colonial Secretary, and announced it to be his determination, if the Return should disclose such a state of facts as to lead to the assumption that the constitution of the police was as believed to be, to stand out most resolutely against the sanctioning of any expenditure for the payment of petty constables in the Estimates for 1854. MR. GLEADOW in seconding the motion observed that the Return was absolutely required so as to enable the House to make out a clear case, and set themselves right with the public as to any course of procedure they might ultimately think proper to adopt. He was anxious that there should not be the slightest degree of doubt upon the subject. The COLONIAL SECRETARY did not rise for the purpose of opposing Mr. Archer, but repeated his former conviction, that no advantage could arise from the production of the Return. He also remarked that the information must come from the Convict Department, and consequently it was not in his power to cause it to be furnished. He however expressed his readiness to call for the police characters, and lay the information before the House, but objected to its publication. MR. GLEADOW observed that certain information had been required by the Grievance Committee, which the Comptroller-General had refused to furnish ; probably if the hon. Colonial Secretary could obtain the attendance of that gentleman, to give such further evidence as may be required, the object of the hon. member for Westbury could he attained. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was sorry he could not give any such assurance and while he did not stand there to say that the consequences of cm playing such men in the police were not the worst possible character, yet he contended no blame could be attached to the Chief Police Magistrate for the manner in which he had made the selection. MRS. W. ARCHER subsequently offered to make the notice contingent upon the appearance of the Comptroller-General to give evidence before the Select Committee, when MR. KERMODE took the opportunity of raising his voice in solemn protest against the course pursued by the Government upon this occasion. He contended that hon. members had a right, as the representatives of the people, to any information on any subject which they might require, and that it should not be retained from them by so great a man as the Comptroller General. (The Solicitor-General begged to state that the Comptroller-General did not refuse to give the information, he only objected to being examined viva voce: he stated he was willing to give it in writing, by command of His Excellency.) Mr. Kermode still contended that the House had a right to the information in his opinion, they had a right to command His Excellency and the Comptroller- General too; and he would venture to assert that had the Return, when it had been first moved for, been provided, the House would have been induced to withhold every shilling of the police expenditure, and demanded forthwith and immediately the dismissal of every convict constable in the police. He opposed the withdrawal of the motion, and intimated that if the Return was not produced, besides offering his opposition to the Estimates, he should record a protest against the proceeding, and take measures to protest against it elsewhere. The SPEAKER decided in accordance with May's Parliamentary Practice, that the motion for withdrawal, being opposed by the hon, member, could not IKJ withdrawn. MR. NUTT explained his reasons why he should vote with the opposite side upon this question, and they were grounded upon the clear and unambiguous language of the Colonial Secretary, that the Government would not only attend to, but act upon, any recommendation of that House with respect to the future constitution of the police, providing the requisite means were furnished. He considered also that the promise now made by the Colonial Secretary was one which could be implicitly relied on. MR. CHAPMAN moved as an amendment that the motion should request the Return to be laid before the Select Committee, and not upon the table of the House, and the amendment was seconded by Mr. Sharland, who thought the object would be fully gained. He saw no good result from the publication of the return : black as the characters of the men might be, he did not think that it would be right to take a course which must naturally disturb the public mind. He had fought as hard as any hon. member to get the stigma under which the colony laboured removed, and although somewhat less vehement in his enunciation than some hon. members, he had no less the welfare of the colony at heart. MR. GLEADOW saw no use of departing from the beaten track in this matter, and made a few remarks with a view to induce Mr. Kermode to consent to the withdrawal. In reply to the honour- able member for Cumberland (Mr. Sharland), he was always anxious to bestow credit where credit was due, but he could not conceive it to be his duty to justify his own conduct by throwing imputations upon MR. KERMODE contended that he had the right to express his opinions, but did not object to withdraw his opposition. MR. GREGSON should support the amendment, although he did not altogether concur in it; there ought to be no secrecy, and they were about to esta- blish a secret enquiry, which in his opinion was altogether unconstitutional. Why, he enquired, should they not publish the names ? he characterised it as a mawkish sensibility, he would not say it was cant and humbug. Why, many of those men who had got their liberty boasted of having been felons. He believed that Despatches had gone home from this colony, in which it was set forth that the police of this colony was the best police in the world. If the required information was given, the public would see, and they could send to Downing street, where the police had been reported perfect, that they had a police which could not be trusted, that they had been permitted to practice with impunity every description of crime The hon. member then related a case which had occurred within his own district, in which four females had been sent down in the custody of two bayonetted constables to town to serve some fine in the factory. He recommended this to the notice of hon, members, particularly to one hon, and learned gentleman, who was in the habit of uttering " hear, hear," but was chilly in applause when anything relating to the welfare of the colony was advanced. This " hear, hear," put him (Mr. Gregson) in mind of the native bird, and sounded for all the world to his car like " more pork, more pork." (Laughter.) Two of these were young and two old women: the young women were detained at the watch-house at Risdon Ferry all night-he would not say for what purpose, and the elder ones marched on to town. These things were not new-they had occurred again in fact, such practices were common. What would the moral, religious, and sentimental supporters of the system say to this Mr. Gregson also commented in strong language upon the refusal of the Comptroller General to give information to the House. Who was this Surgeon-Superintendent that he should trifle with it? Why did not the Governor order the Surgeon- Superintendent to give it Would the Surgeon Superintendent dare refuse? He (Mr. Greg- son complained that the House had upon every occasion been treated contumaciously, and no question was brought forward with even ordinary courtesy, concluding with a general condemnation of the constitution of the Police. He had seen infants taken from their mother's breasts over and over again by men employed in the Police. It did not demoralize the young. Oh, no ! the little urchins laughed to see the sport. And it was such men as these formed the best Police in the world ! He had seen men taken to the Supreme Court on their evidence, and convicted on their oaths. Sir Alfred Stephen had observed that these oaths could be purchased any time for half-a-crown, and he would fearlessly assert that no Law Officers of the Crown, that no Judge, could place reliance on their testimony. It would tarnish the character of any British Judge, without collateral proof, to hang a dog upon their evidence. He attributed the long continuance of this detestable state of things to the odious centralization system, the system pursued at Downing-street. The amendment was carried. MR. GLEADOW moved for leave to bring in " A Bill for regulating Buildings, and for preventing mischief by Fire in the Town of Launceston. The Bill was brought in and ordered to be printed. MR. ARCHER moved " That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, praying that His Excellency will be pleased to cause to be laid on the Table of this House a Return of the Names of all Constables holding a Probation Pass or Ticket-of-Leave in this Colony who have been convicted before the Police Magistrate of Hobart Town and Launceston during the year ending 30th June, 1853; together with the offences charged against them, and their Sentences."- Canned, subject to the same alteration as Mr. Archer's first motion. MR. CHAPMAN moved an Address to His Excellency, praying that he will cause to be laid on the table of this House copies of the following Despatches 1 Sir William Denison's Despatch to the Secretary of State forwarding an Address to Her Majesty with Resolutions on the Transportation Question, passed by this House on the 17th of March, 1852. 2\. Sir William Denison's Despatch, No. 198, dated 8th October, 1852, forwarding an Address to Her Majesty (praying that the Order in Council by which this Colony was continued a Penal Settlement might be revoked), which had passed this House on the 10th of September, 1852, together with any Despatches from the Secretary of State in reply thereto. \- 3. Sir William Denison's Despatch, No. 228, dated 2nd November, 1852, reporting proceedings in this House consequent on His Excellency's reply to the Address of this House, requesting him to forward an Address to Her Majesty, expressive of a want of confidence in His Excellency, passed by this House on the 28th of September, 1852 ' 4\. Sir William Denison's Despatches to the Secretary of State relative to the suspension of H. S. Chapman, Esq., Colonial Secretary, and Adam Turnbull, Esq., Chairman of the Land Board; together with any Despatches or other Communications received from the Secretary of State relating thereto. In moving for this Address Mr. Chapman referred in detail to the Resolutions adopted by the Council on the 17th March, 1852, and to the circumstance that portion of one Despatch had been read in Council, as an answer to the complaint of imputed disloyalty on the part of hon. members ; also to the passing of the Address for the revocation of the Order in Council and the Despatches referred to in the Duke of New . castle's Despatch as having been received in reference to that subject, and the vote of the Want of Conti . dence The hon. member alluded to the fact that a version of the contents of the Duke of Newcastle's despatch of the 22nd February, 1853, had appeared in a certain newspaper published in this city, in which the Duke of Newcastle was made to say to the Lieutenant-Governor that he " approved of his con- duct," while in the Despatch His Grace only "approved of his reply." Mr. Chapman remarked that there was a very wide distinction between approving of His Excellency's conduct and approving of his reply and he particularly drew the attention of hon. members to that subject. In reference to the circumstances attending the suspension of the late Colonial Secretary and the Chairman of the Land Board, he said it was evident, although the latter gentleman had not resumed his seat in the House, that some communication had been received from the Minister, inasmuch as Dr. Turnbull was re-appointed to his office as Chairman of the Land Board. He trusted, notwithstanding the reply of His Excellency to the Address moved by the hon. member for Richmond on the subject in the past session, which he (Mr. Chapman) read, that there would be no objection to lay the Despatches before the House, as it was of the utmost importance that they should be on the table when the House went into the consideration of the Message relating to Transportation on Tuesday next. The COLONIAL SECRETARY did not rise to offer any opposition, but simply to inform the hon. member that there was not, as he was aware of, any reason why some of the information called for should not be laid upon the table ; but with respect to some of the latter documents referred to, the affairs were still pending, and it was not probable, until a decision had been taken upon them, that they could be communicated to the House-in fact, their production might lead to great inconvenience. Question put and passed. MR. ALLISON moved, "That a respectful Address be presented to His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, praying him to cause the following papers to be laid upon this Council Table : No. 1 Copy of a protest recorded in the Minutes of the former Council. on the 20th August, 1850, against the demand of the British Government for £60,000 of the funds of this Colony by Mr. Allison. 2\. Copy of the Resolution passed in the former Council on the 31st May, 1851, in reference to the same subject ; together with that part of a protest signed by Messrs. Leake, Bisdee, and Allison, recorded in page 412 of the Minutes, ending at the words " in future." 3\. Copy of the Resolution passed in the present Representative Assembly on the 12th March, 1852, in reference to the same. 4\. Copies of the Correspondence between His Excellency the Lieutenant- Governor and Lord Grey respecting this £60,000. 5\. A Return of the amounts of money and dates of payments already made to the British Government as part of the £60,000." In moving for these Returns the hon. member observed that his object was to have the papers collected, so that hon. members might have an opportunity of becoming acquainted with the whole particulars of the case, and while he admitted that the sum of £60,000 had been borrowed by the colony from the British Treasury, it had been expended for British purposes, and should be paid by the British Government alone. Mr. Allison also expressed an opinion that from the manly readiness and fairness which the Duke of Newcastle displayed as to the affairs of the colony, there was new ground for reasonable hope that the question would be dealt with in a liberal manner. A desultory discussion ensued upon the motion, in which the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Chapman, the Attorney- General, and the Solicitor-General took part, the latter hon. and learned gentleman drawing the attention of the mover to the fact, that it was out of the usual course to move His Excellency to lay upon the table documents which were already in possession of the House, and the motion being consequently modified into the shape of an Order to the Clerk of the Councils to compile the required papers, and lay them on the Table, the question was put and passed, after having been seconded by the Attorney-General EMIGRATION. The COLONIAL SECRETARY drew the attention of the House to a pamphlet, copies of which had been supplied to hon. members, on Emigration, and stated that upon application he would furnish as many copies to each member is required. The pamphlet has been published by direction of the Government, for the circulation and diffusion of information respecting the colony, with a view to induce as much emigration as possible. The announcement of the Colonial Secretary was received with manifestations of satin There being no more business before the House, the Council adjourned at twenty minutes to seven until four o'clock this day. 