MOUNT ALEXANDER. No. VIII. FOREST CREEK-CONCLUDED. (From our Special Correspondent.) In the previous article we divided the creek about its centre, and the number of matters that attracted attention in our progress caused us to over-run some that demanded a passing notice. The large and increasing number of gaily-dressed stores are not the least orna- mental features of the diggings. How so many establishments of this sort manage to do well must puzzle better calculating heads than mine. Almost every third building is a store of some kind, and if they go on increasing in number for the remainder of the year, there will be one for every digger. During the past winter the proprietors of these es- tablishments did well, indeed some of them must have amassed large fortunes in a few months, but the great and rapid reduction in the price of all articles vended by them, from a cause which we shall presently notice, has very much singed many of the shrewdest among this class. By far the largest portion of the storekeepers sell lemonade, and wicked people will say something stronger also. If these establishments were really a true test of the temperate habits of the gold mining community, Father Mathew himself would be delighted with this place ; that large quan- tities of the sober beverage are consumed here, the great rise in carbonate of soda and tar- taric acid and lemon syrup, is a proof. The price per glass is sixpence, and from enquiries which I have made, I believe the average " take" of the retailers of these effervescing drinks is something like three pounds per day. Wending our way onwards then, and taking our start from the point at which we concluded the last article,—we are descending the hill which leads to the commissioner's from the publishing quarters of the Melbourne press. A large store on our left, with ample placards, tells us that an auctioneer has honoured the Creek with his presence. The Government had been applied to for auction licenses by several highly respectable persons, who imagined that there was ample room for the prosecution of their profession in these regions, but as the law officers of the Crown had some doubt as to the powers of the Government in the Act passed for the regulating the affairs of the gold fields, these applications were not attended with success until within the last two or three months. The gold miner is a man of few wants, and is generally in light marching order; and, as they mostly muster in parties, they are enabled to carry their household goods like pack horses, on their backs. But their mining gear is not so easily disposed of: tubs, cradles, windlasses, &c.;, are invariably sold on the removal of these parties, unless it be for a short distance. But the auctioneer is seldom called into requisition to effect this ; there are lots of second-hand shops on all parts of the mines, where these articles are bought and sold ; or the sellers call a sale at their tent on a certain day and hour, by means of manuscript bills, nailed to trees on the road side. One of the miners acts as auctioneer, and an old panikin or tin pot, or some such sign over the place of auction, denotes that a sale is, or is about to be held. The things sell well, but mining imple- ments of every description, like other things, are fallen in price at least one half since the close of the winter. The auctioneer has, however, other and more valuable property to dispose of in the stock-in- trade of retiring storekeepers, as well as in horse stock, drays, carts, &c.; Having descended the hill, we passed over a small creek which empties itself into the original and greater stream. We must do credit to the Government which devised the really fine piece of architecture that adorns it in the shape of a bridge. During the winter rains, rapid torrents descended here, rendering a passage across the temporary structure dangerous. Heavy stones thrown in by the Government superintendent and his men, varied with a few fallen logs thrown thereon, which the water carried away with great ease, was the only passage for the thousands of people and ponderous drays that daily traversed it. The dangerous season having passed, our rulers have improved the place a little : the first storm in the next winter will leave it as impassable as ever, unless some better adapted means are in the interim had recourse to. This stream descends from some flats and gullies extending for several miles to the southward, the lofty ranges having taken the same direction, and thus have left Forest Creek open on this side. White Horse Gully, Grey Horse Gully, and Wattle Flat, here come to a narrow focus. Some of these spots have proved very rich, several of the largest nuggets having been picked up in them. I see no reason to question the fact that more than one of the claims in Wattle Flat have yielded a hundred pounds weight of gold. Three weeks ago one party in White Horse Gully realized 28 lbs. weight in one day : a nugget of 5 lbs. was also obtained there. The whole of these three places are perhaps about two-thirds worked, but extensive as they are, they are now so torn up, that sinking in them is extremely dangerous, and the returns very precarious. White and Grey Horse Gullies are for the pre- sent more resorted to than any other sections near the original creeks. Like all gullies, they are very irregular in the depth of sinking, and in the yield. One claim may have a hundred weight, and the adjoining claim not an ounce. The depth of the shafts varies from 15 to 40 feet. The Main Creek is still on our right, and still flanked by a continuation of the lofty ranges depicted in my last. We are at the north-west, corner of Adelaide Flat, and ere we have ascended the slight eminence before us, let us notice the little batch of stores hemmed together at the bottom of Adelaide Hill. There is one, in particular, that has a very suspicious appearance, as groups of men are always smoking and drinking lemonade(?) in the fore- part of the premises. The place has a most uninviting appearance ; it may be fancy, but I always imagine that such resorts carry with them their own condemnation in their very exterior. The light of day falls upon them as it does on the drop scene of a low theatre. I have seen them in all parts of the civilized world even in the modern Babylon, where no expense is spared nor trouble saved, in attempts to please the eye of the most fastidious ; but there always was something to remind us of the nature of the place. The faded cheeks of the young bar beauty of London tell in the morning of the sacrifices made of matter, and perhaps mind, in these haunts, but what must of the appearance of such places in the centre of localities like the townships of the gold ? i ? Here drunkards and all the con- c mitant vices that follow in their train are seen in their naked deformity; and if the Greeks of old made their slaves drunk that the Greek children should shun the hideous sin, we, in Australia, who wish thus to give these practical lessons in philoso- phy, might find examples sufficiently powerful in these dens on the gold fields. And some of these are kept by medical men, who to their shame have thus compromised the character of a profession which has through all ages done honour to humanity. One of the stores on this spot is conspicuous for its enormous flag, having suspended over it nothing less than a line-of-battle ship's ensign ; it is Appleton's bakery, and the number or mouths fed by this establishment may be guessed at, when it is known that twelve hun- dred two-pound loaves are daily sold here. In the rear of this place is Adelaide Hill, origin- ally opened by Adelaide men. It was very rich in its lower side, but is now worked out. The sinkings were from 25 to 40 feet. The flat below, which lies between the road and the creek, was also rich in places. The gold seems to have been generally more equally distributed on the hill workings than those on the flats and in the gullies ; and perhaps not the least curious phenomenon of the gold fields is the fact that gold has been found in such abundance on these hills, when the bottoms on which it was found are 80 or 100 feet above the level of the bot- toms below ! While taking notes here, I ob- served a cart rapidly approaching with about half-a-dozen men walking hurriedly after it ; they were in half holiday clothing, their cups covered with a material something like dirty crape: it was a gold digger's funeral. A roughly-made coffin encased the body of the departed gold-seeker ; no inscription told of his name, or age ; the driver of the vehicle was making great haste to earn his 30s. The deceased had died of delirium tremens, so they said, having separated the bronchial artery in his fit of madness, by a piece of glass bottle which he had secreted for the purpose. I wondered how many cheques this visionary had drawn in his imagination on the Bank of Nature? they were buried by six feet of earth ! Let the drunkard keep away from the gold fields. If he gets rich by good fortune, he is a target for the highway assassin : an unnatural death besets him on every side. If he escapes unhurt from the mines he has all the perils of the capital to pass through. Some of those men who have had the richest claims have been since seen roaming in their once lucky spots in a state of beggary. Passing over the crest of the hill, a slight descent, and another rise by Saunders' Livery Stables, we are on a very pleasant part of the diggings. Several substantially built stores line the sides of the thoroughfare. Every one of them wants gold. Some of them are wanting " 600 ounces," and who does not want them ? Here we have Manchester's store, which has survived its owner, who was drowned while crossing one of the creeks where a good bridge should have been built on the road to Mel- bourne. If his ghost does not haunt the Colonial Architect of Victoria, or the Superin- tendent of Works in this district, then ghosts are of no use. Moving onwards, we pause opposite some butchers' shops on the left hand side, and those who have taken an interest in the health of towns might here tremble for the health of the country. Decomposing pits of animal matter throw off their poisonous gases, disgusting alike in sight and in smell. Living objects in the shape of half-starved and scabby sheep are pent up in an enclosed space behind these dirty places. The Government has been appealed to on this subject repeatedly, and they have met the emergency with their usual promptitude : a common policeman was sent down once or twice to pick out the scabby sheep ; the butchers themselves pointed them out, two or three on each occasion were con- demned from the lot ; to outward appearance they were confiscated, but, as they were not seized, I am not prepared to say that they did not find their way into the frying pan of some of the hungry diggers. It cannot be expected that the storekeepers and others who cater for the people of the gold mines should be the most select in regard to character. There are, however, persons in these grades who would do credit to any city, strictly conscientious and religious men, who would scorn to have recourse to those prac- tices, such as cheating in weighing articles, &c.;, too prevalent on these fields. I am bound to say that the butchers as a class, do not come up to the standard as fair dealers, added to which their calling, never very attractive in its outer appearance, is pursued with the greatest disregard to cleanliness. Their manner of weighing the meat, too, has often attracted my attention: I am afraid to speak : mildly, the specific gravity of their meat, as sold, is not attained to a nicety. To fortunate diggers this may be a matter of no moment, but to thou- sands of the unfortunate class the loss of a shilling is of consequence. While on this subject, I feel bound to give the public a sketch of a Mount Alexander butcher, more especially as we are now opposite his premises. " Old Tom" is not a classical name ; it reminds one of nobblers and the Sydney Corporation : but, as we are stating facts, we must accept things as they are. Old Tom is the cognomen of a hero, and he first made his appearance on these mines some twelve months since. His early history is involved in obscurity, but he is of the true patriot school, and found his way to Van Diemen's Land upwards of twenty years ago, where he was to serve the Crown for a very long period, if not for life. There co- existed with him in that island a notorious bushranger, by name Michael Howe. He had been committing all manner of depredations, despite of the Government, who had set a thousand eyes to watch and endeavour to cap- ture him. Old Tom was a friend in many ways of this man, and it was said had fed him in the bush for some time. At length the Govern- ment, failing in all their endeavours to capture the bushranger, offered a reward of £160, and free pardon for him, dead or alive. Old Tom, it may be by accident, or it may be by design, came upon the outlaw one morning as he lay sleeping under a tree, and putting the gun close to the unfortunate outcast, shot him dead! It was too troublesome to carry the body, so Tom coolly decapitated it, and conveying the well-known head to the proper authorities, re- ceived the reward of his patriotism, with thou- sands of others of the same stamp. Tom came to these diggings in their prosperous days, and established a butcher's shop, for which course his antecedents well quali- fied him. He located himself near to the spot of which we write. Good luck further attended him, as he pitched his tent over some rich ground, and received a hand- some bonus for quitting the premises to enable the purchasers to undermine the place. Old Tom carried on an extensive trade during the past winter as a general dealer, in addition to his more legitimate calling. He had a com- plete curiosity shop, second-hand mining implements, in fact, wares of every kind found their way to him, which he sold at enormous prices ; things that in Sydney would be thrown out of doors as rubbish, such as cradles, tubs, &c.;, he would ticket at ten or twelve guineas, " and no less," but the key to the affair, they say, is the fact that Tom used spirituous arguments to get rid of his property. Revelling in his good luck, half his time was devoted to Bacchus, until at length a loquacious Irishman, with all the brogue and blarney of his country, estab- lished himself in the same profession, at Old Tom's side. The latter was cut off, for a time, as all flocked to the new butcher, and Tom might have been seen for weeks the shadow of his former self, like a galvanized mummy, seated in his empty store. At length diplomacy came to his aid — he became friends with his successful rival, who soon fell, by Tom's agency, into the same ways as himself. The records of the Commissioners tell that " the new butcher" was fined to the amount of £160 for grog selling. Tom, like a prize fighter, having thus reduced the calibre of his opponent's metal to something like his own weight, now entered the field with him, and his pristine greatness is again restored to him. We are now crossing that part of the road which intersects Steele's Gully, having first passed Cambridge's Gully: both of these places have returned large quantities of gold. Here was " a rush" about six weeks since to a like spot, in Steele's Gully, opposite Steele's stores. A " new chum" had been digging be- tween the old holes, and had washed about a quarter of an ounce of gold from a tin dish full of earth. He showed it to one or two parties, and before the sun had set a rush had taken place and every inch of ground was taken up. In the shallow diggings here, between old holes, within two and three feet of the surface, the claims yielded from four to eight pounds weight each. I have no doubt a hundred weight of gold was thus procured : the metal was of inferior specific gravity. Contrary to the gully when it was worked, where the gold was found to be very heavy, the ore procured in this rush was very small, light, and flakey. Not a day passes but similar rushes occur in some point of the mines. About three months since a rush took place on the gully, opposite this spot, and abutting the creek on its northern side. This gully is a continuation of Sailors' Gully, noticed in the last article, which has thus effectually passed between the ranges, and completely divided the elbow of the creek around which we have been walking. The usual amount of success seems to have been the result ; about one hole in ten was found worth working, one or two good " finds" had, and the rest were blanks. In creek de- posits the gold seems to have chosen a narrow gorge for its channel : and unless a claim can be had on this line, the chance of the miner is of a forlorn character ; but if he be fortunate enough to make his claim over the gorge, good fortune awaits him. There are generally few data at hand to guide him ; the super-strata hide the mineral treasures. Could the professors of mesmerism not be called into notion here? The clairvoyant might thus make himself richer than a Baring. All is now blind chance. We may see here 500 men dig- ging on one spot to-day ; in a week hence there will not be five-and-twenty. An " affair" which caused some little dis- turbance in the neighbourhood at the time happened here some few months ago. The shopman at Steele's store was awakened in the night by a noise issuing from some one whom he thought was robbing the premises. He immediately armed himself, and, on examining the place, discovered a man making his way from the store with a bag of flour on his back. The shopman fired and shot him dead. It was generally reported at the time that the man was innocent, was hastily shot at and killed, and the flour put by his side after death for appearance sake. This rumour arose from the fact that the ball passed through the man in a manner which could not have been the case had he been loaded with the flour as stated. This is one little incident in life at the Mount. A hundred yards further and we are oppo- site one of the richest hills ever found in this region. It is " the Little White Hill," which almost disputes the palm of superiority with the famous Red Hill. Indeed, taking the average yields of the two hills, I think that the Little White Hill would beat its gaudy coloured rival. The sinkings were generally shallow—from 6 to 16 feet—but the strata pierced was as hard as adamant. Six inches per day was considered fair work in tanking. Gouges, chisels, &c.;, were used in the work. It was a singular fact in connection with this and hills of a similar character, that the harder the pick was driven the less progress was made. The greatest way was made by chipping off small particles by a gentle tap with a sharp, well hardened pick. The strata cut through was a conglomerate of small semi-transparent quartz, iron stone, with clay, &c.;, so hardened as if it had passed through a furnace a hundred times heated. In the shallow holes the gold was of a round shotty character, very heavy, and pale in colour; but in the deepest sinkings the gold was more like mosaic, and light. The claims seem to have given about 40 or 50 pounds' weight each, and it is a truth which cannot be denied, that the miners who worked this and similar rich hills used to lay on their backs or sides, with a lighted pipe in their mouths, break the strata with light picks, and pick the gold out with a table spoon. This arose from the before mentioned fact, that the strata was so hard that every bit of it had to be chipped off, and consequently there was no difficulty in seeing the gold and removing it by the means stated. Some rich surfacing was found on the slopes of this hill. One instance came under my observation, wherein a man had netted eight pounds' weight in as many days. The hill is worked out; it is a complete honeycomb. The " bot- tom," on which the large quantities of gold were found on the hill, may be about 80 feet higher than the level of the creek below. The Private Escort Company's office is on our right. The premises are extensive, and a sentinel paces the front day and night. We cannot find room, however, to describe this depot of the Escort Company. The affair has been eminently successful. That a similar establishment has not been long ere this insti- tuted by the Svdney merchants is a matter of astonishment among the thousands of gold diggers from the territory of New South Wales located around Mount Alexander. Leaving the Escort Office, we are imme- diately opposite the store of M. Joshua, to whom the mining population of Forest Creek owe something in the way of gratitude. M. Joshua is of the Jewish persuasion, but can the Jew do no good service to the Christian ? The store was opened towards the close of the late winter, when all the necessaries of life were at famine prices on the diggings. The 80,000 people congregated together on the mines at Forest Creek, Bendigo, Ballarat, and other places, were cut off from the depots of the capital as effectually as though they were besieged by an army of 100,000 men. The roads were next to impassable ; carriage was up to £150 per ton; the carriers had the game all in their own hands, and, like greedy, short sighted creatures as they were, they drew the cord so tight that it snapped. It was at such a moment that the new store of M. Joshua was opened. He commenced by under selling all the storekeepers at least 20 per cent. The good news overran the diggings " like wild- fire," and every man asked his neighbour, " Have you been to the new store?" The rest of the storekeepers then lowered their prices to the level of Joshua's. The Hebrew again came down ten per cent ; down fell also his competing rivals. Once more Joshua cheap- ened his goods, the general mass of store- keepers did the same; but lower and lower came the relentless Jew until all the necessa- ries of life in three weeks had fallen to one third of their former prices. This ruinous reduction singed all the storekeepers ; some of them richly deserved it, others are to be com- miserated. The short-lived reign of the ava- ricious carriers between this and Melbourne ceased ; they may again meet to settle what the price by carriage shall be, and they will get it —if they can. Gaining the top of the hill, we are parallel to another once rich spot; it is Montgomery's Hill. The depth of sinking in this place v varied from 25 to 40 feet. It differed from all the other hills in the neighbourhood of the Mount, by having three layers of washing stuff —the first on attaining the depth of 10 feet, the second at 20 feet, and the third at from 26 to 48 feet, which was the true bottom. Yields of 125 pounds weight of gold were here had. There was an anecdote told me of one of the men named Gafney, alias Bartley Hogan, who worked on this hill, which is too good to be lost. He was a religious (?) man, and prayed every night and morning to heaven that he might be succesful, and obtain a large quantity of gold. It would be a mockery to say that his prayers were heard, but it is certain that he obtained the gold. He took 76 pounds weight out of one hole, and then prayed for more ! Godliness and greediness cannot co-exist. This man endeavoured to grasp the share belonging to his brother-in- law also, who worked with him, appealed unto Caesar in a law suit, and lost the greatest part of his wealth in litigation. The hill is completely worked out. We must note the Wesleyan place of worship and school, situated on our right hand side. To this indefatigable body is due the honour of having established the first perma- nent religious establishment on this extensive field. Every Sabbath the bell summonses all who wish to attend, several times. It is the only sound of this nature that has fallen on my ear in this district. The " White Hill," in contradistinction to the little White Hill, is the next and last of its character that claims our attention. This place was also very rich. Seventy or eighty lbs. weight seems to have been the average yield of each claim. It is thoroughly worked out ; every particle of the washing stuff used, and is fast falling in. The sinkings varied in depth from eight to twenty feet. It is a singular fact that the richest spots on all these hills have been on the eastern side—that part which the sun first shone upon, as if that great luminary had some influence on the production of the precious metal. The latest of modern theories avers that the metal grows, that, existing more or less in quartz, it is a deposit consequent upon the transmutation of the latter into slate. If this theory could be well substantiated, the fact of the largest deposit on hills being found on the sides first affected by the light, is some evidence to be relied on. These hills, which I have enumerated and briefly described, are one continuous set of auriferous ranges, running generally parallel to the Creek, which may be said to be one vast cul de sac. The division of the hills is naturally effected by narrow auriferous chan- nels tending towards the stream, and these channels were generally very rich, from the surface down to the first formation, which was seldom more than a few feet in depth. The stream now takes a great sweep in a northerly direction, leaving a large space of ground between it and the road, which still traverses the ranges. This ground is not as yet found to be auriferous to any extent, but a small stream enters it on this point, which is the lower end of Moonlight Flat, the locale of the late political gatherings. There was a large quantity of mineral wealth extracted from this quarter during the past winter. The flat so called is not a flat—it is a long gulley, three or four miles in length, with several minor gullies emptying themselves into it. From the fact of its being worked in the wet season, I think it would bear profitable gleaning. Some notion may be formed of the present scrambling system of gold digging in these quarters when we bear in mind that ten weeks since twenty thousand persons were at work here. The place was an extensive township in itself, with hundreds of stores : now it is deserted. If we collect Moonlight Flat with Forest Creek they would jointly represent the figure of a horseshoe of about nine miles in extent. At the very junction of this flat and contiguous to the original creek is Pennyweight Flat—an exten- sive piece of ground which gave forth large quantities of gold in the past winter. The depth of sinking in all this district was from ten to forty feet. Pennyweight Flat would also pay another working. We have now passed all the important points of the great creek as yet discovered to be suffi- ciently auriferous to pay for working. There is a hill just opened on the spot at which we left the main road to look at Moonlight Flat ; some of the claims pay well for working. The hill seemed to be a continuation of the great golden range which we have been examining, but is greatly inferior to it in its gold producing quarters. Wending our way onwards in order to bring this article to a close, we are down the hill where the Little Bendigo and Triangle Flat emerge and join Forest Creek. These once rich spots have about a westerly bearing from the great road. The former is of considerable extent, being about a mile and a half in length, and was remarkable for the depth of its washing stuff, about three feet in thickness ; two or three rich hills abut thereon. In these neighbourhoods some of the claims were not surpassed for richness in the whole of these mines. Little Bendigo is not without its wonders. It has an extensive " rookery," inhabited by sons and daughters of " the sister isle," who rivalled the old country in the intellectual games carried on here. The usual amount of whiskey and old Tom was consumed : the shilelah was also in requisition, and the average quantity of broken heads, black eyes, accompanied these indulgen- cies. A remarkable specimen was dug up in Little Bendigo, and the commissioners say they know that time will reveal similar curiosities in other parts of the diggings : it was the body of a man who, it was said, had been murdered by his mates ; on his forehead was the mark of the death blow, which had evidently been given by a pick—the instrument had pierced his brain. About the same period a man of the name of Rooke was missed from the mines, and has never since been heard of; when last seen he had in his possession five pounds weight of gold, upwards of £20 in money, and escort receipts for fifty-eight pounds weight. He left his tent of a Sunday afternoon. The difficulty of sinking in Little Bendigo consisted in subduing the water, and many months of the past winter were consumed in waiting for its subsidence, but some Cornish miners were not among the loiterers ; they sunk a shaft on the side of one of the hills, drove a tunnel underneath the level of the gully, and secretly worked an extensive piece of ground. When one of the washing parties got down his hole he dropped into this tunnel, and the first object that caught his eye was one of those Cornish miners wheeling a barrow along this subter- raneous passage. The length of this article prevents my going further at present into the curiosities of the mines. I shall therefore convey the reader to the Chief Commissioner's camp, at Castle- maine. Crossing the original stream for the first time near Aberdeen's stores, we are on the plateau, denominated the Government ground. Here the ground is gently undulating, or as the phrase goes, " like an English park," and we get the first view of the camp. It is a magnificent sight—the passing and re-passing of horsemen, in their gay and semi-military costumes, reminds one of the residence of an eastern shah. The Chief Commissioner is sur- rounded by more than viceregal pomp ; and if this potentate of the gold fields had not more good sense allotted to him by Providence than has fallen to the share of some of his junior assistants, his brain would long since have been turned by the homage done him. At the fag end of an article I must not, however, break ground such as this ; something like the Creek itself. I am worked out. 