WHERE ARE WE?—No. II. To the Editor of the Banner. Sir, —Having, in your columns of the 2nd inst., called the attention of your readers to the political and physical signs of the times of the END as set forth in the Word, permit me, in fulfil- ment of my then engagement, to bring before them, as a sample, a few of the numerous moral' and religious signs is that Word set forth as indi cative of the approaching END, As to the moral signs, they may be looked at as mental and practical. Their predicted aspect, mentally, wo findin Dan. xii. 4, ‘ Many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased.’ In mental improvement, scientific discover}', and the ‘ acquisition of general knowledge' by the masses,' in civilized countries, the present has far stripped any previous age of the Christian era, if not of the world, To further the attainment of knowledge is the rage of the day; and the full development of its influences on the human mind is looked up to as the great regeneration of our race, which opinion the/ hesitate not to assert with boldness. Yet while fully appreciating the at* tainment of human knowledge, and heartily wish ing it all success, I am Jhlly convinced, that all suoh boasters will be found fatso prophets, and their boosting vain. For as it hath been, now, is, and so will it ever be, proved a reigning and an experimentally confirmed fact, that the world, by the cultivation of human knowledge or wisdom, never did in ages gone by, bath not in the present, nor ever shall in the future, attain to the know ledge of God.—(i. Cor. 1. 21.) This age may truly he styled the age of human wisdom and mental power, and so far mamfestive of one of,the predicted moral signs of the times of the. END. We shall now look at the predicted practical signs of the same epoch in their moral aspect.—(Dan, xii. 10.) We arc informed by the augel, who, speaking with the prophet on the subject of the END, saith, * The wicked will do wickedly, and none of the wicked shall understand.’ Isaiah, referring to the same period, says, ‘ The vile per son will speak villany, and his UEaiit will work iniquity; to practice hypocrisy, and to utter error against the Lord, —, &c;,’—(Chron. xxxii,, 6, 7.) And the Holy Ghost, by Paul, (2 Tim., in., 13.,) says, ‘‘ Evil men and seducers will wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived.’ It is also slated, that the love of this world is positive proof of enmity against God.—(Jas. iv., 4.) And the Lord Jesus declares the service of ‘ Mammon* in compatible with the service of God. To which the Holy Ghost, by the pen of Paul, gives further corroboration and illustration, by declaring, (1 Tim. iv. 10.,) the love of money to be the root of all evil. I apprehend it doth not require a microsco pic power of vision to discover the various phases of evils enumerated above, as existing in dominant power, and pervading all ranks and grades of so ciety among us, in one or oilier of their forma, as well as elsewhere. For, fiom the current accounts of other lands, wo can discover these evil influences to be in full rule. But what is still more deplor able, we find these evils prevailing with some, who profess themselves the followers of the self- denying, world-despised, and rejected ‘ Jesus,’ so that the whole three measures of meal are all but, if not fully, leavened.—{Mat. xiii., 33.) But this brings me to the consideration, or rather to throw out a few hints in connection with this part of my subject; for the predicted signs of tile religious aspect of the Latter Day profession are so numerous, that they would themselves'form a volume of no inconsiderable size. I can therefore only glance at one or two as insisted on in the New Testament.—(2 Thea. ii, 3.) We read of a falling away, before the day of Christ, os set forth in Chron. i. 7, 9, should come, and hath it not taken place? Let us see the character of this apostacy as set forth in oilier scriptures; for I apprehend this falling away, although issuing in the full manifestation of ‘ Antichrist,’ both typical and personal, to be distinct from ‘ that man of sin,’ —the son of perdition,—(l Tim. iv, 1.) We read, * Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart (fall away) from (he faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doc trines of devils,’ i.e. dead men deified, alias cano nised, speaking lies in hypocrisy, having their conscience seared us with a hot iron, forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving.’ Although the laws of abstinence from some descriptions of flesh on certain days and at certain seasons, and these enjoining celibacy on certain classes of her community, promulgated by tho Babylonian harlot, fixes this passage as a brand on her forehead, marking her as chief in the apostacy; j'et she does not stand alone, —she has many fellows, as I think wilLappear from an ex amination of 2 Tim. hi. 1, 5, as one prediction of the signs of the approach of the end. ‘ This know, that in the last days perilous times will come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemous, disobedient to parents, nnthankiul, unholy, with out natural affections, truce-breakers, false accu sers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God.’ While tho passage in 1 Tim. iv. is chiefly, though not ex clusively, descriptive of the falsehood and hypo critical lies predicted to be prevalent in the last times, ns such would manifest themselves in the various religious systems which would then prevail, and to the teachers in these systems: that from 2 Tim. iii., is more applicable to the effects produced by the false teaching predicted in tho former, and -is to be looked for in the spirit, lives, and conversation'of nten in general, who come under the influ®cp of such teaching, both the teacher and the taught. For, be it observed, all this iniquitous display of Satanic power and influence is to be looked for in the professing church ; for ill Ahe midst of it all there is the cloak of hypocrisy! ‘Having,’ saith the Holy •(Shost, ‘a forfe of godliness, but denying the power thereof.’ And, assuredly blind, indeed, -must be the man who cannot tee (he manifesta tion of these predicted sighs in the present day. Bflt what other result could be rationally looked for, as the effect of hypocrWcal by hypocritical lying teachers, of h„m an '■ coction, so prevalent in oar time? 5' proverb though trite, is true, * Like priest iu ! people.’ And, vice versa, 1 Like peep),, ’... 1 1 priest.’ And hath not the entire ohuroh taken the prerogative of the HoW s on themselves, to constitute and qualify fml teachers, and have not submitted to the choT* ' qualification, and appointment of the Holy g-f* 1 to whom it wholly appertains to qualify fo, appoint the servants of 'Christ's house, His ohnroh (I Cor. xii.), of which the’Spirit' the only conservator ? Yet hath the w* church taken all • into their own hands, and if the exercise of their own wisdom, and the ovj tion of the machinery of their own devising, facturc by heaps ministers to themselves, afW their own hearts : thus manifesting another ofth. predicted signs, (3 Tim. iv, 3.) ’The time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine ■ bfit after their own lusts shall they heap to them! selves teachers,’ ‘ Having itching ears, they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall fe turned unto fables.’ And Is it not the fact, tha; the natural or acquired parts of the speaker U more looked to than the subject or matter spoken about ? And what more offensive than the doc trines of the gospel of grace, that lays nil human agency, all man’s capability in the dust ? As to any effort of the creature, in any degree, or any respect, having any tendency to qualify him for coming to, 0.7 to render him acceptable with God, but leaves all dependant on the sovereign exercki of that reigning grace which reigns through righteousness unto eternal life through JESVS CHRIST., our Lord. While, on the bther haul, every thing which seems to flatte- the emtutri self-sufficiency meets with general approbation? Is not this the day of religious profession ? AlO not our sects and parties multifarious? Utor we not on every hand the Corinthian cry, ‘Jam of Paul,’ or rather ‘ I am of John VVesloy,’ ‘J mu Independent,’ ‘I am Baptist,’ ‘I am Episcopalian,' ‘I am Presbyterian,' &c.;, &c.; ? What but s«l -arism ruling ? While that harlot, 'universal charity, salutes nil, and each, with a smile of approbation, except the 1 little flock,’ who cling to the doctrine of the ‘ CROSS, by which the wo?hl is crucified to them, and they unto the world.’ Thus, Mr. Editor, although I have but hastily glanced at a few of the predicted signs of Ilk approach of the E‘ND, yet, 1 apprehend, enough has been said to intimate a something ot our whereabouts ; to justify their application to Uu,ti present; and to call the attention of.nil true Christians to rtre all-important subject. Again, wo reiterate, ‘ Watch ! watch ! The Lord cometb quiojHy.’ Blessed are they that con say ‘ A men, even so come. Lord Jesus ! ’ Render, can you! Can I?— Yours, &c.;, JI . 