ENGLISH SCRAPS. ROTAD VIHIT TO DUBLIN.-Tho Daily Neut of tho 7th July «¡vos tho following procriimme of tho arrangements" for tho intended visit of her Majesty to th« Exhibition in Dublin :-On Tuesday her Majesty will rcnvdi Kingstown in tho loyal yacht, which will anchor in the har- bour fur îhe night, her Majesty and euilo remain- ing on boar J. it is stated that thc authorities of Kingstown purpose to bavo illuminât ions and fireworks on Tuesday night. On Wednesday morning thc Queen will receivo a deputation om board the yacht, mid immediately proceed by railway to Dublm, whore she will probably arrive nt ten o'clock, and ho received hy i he Lord Mayor and Corporation. Tho station at Westland-row being, hy tho fiction of tho hour, »"Bumed to bo " tho city gate,'' will probably bu tho pince whore tho corpornto address will bo presented. A KEW KUKU SECT.-A London Journal pintea:-. Considerable excitement has been cnn-ed in Evan- gelical circles, by (ho open renunciation of their distinguishing piiuaiplcs hy one of their popular ministers, tho Kev. Mr. Forster, tho pastor of a numerous congregation in Kentishtowu. The Hov. gentleman lins announced his farewell Hermon to bo preached to his présent congrega- tion on Sunday next, lt is said that Mr. Forster intends establishing a Free Christian Clinroh, tho basis of which will bo-Tho Holy Seri).turcs, not human creeds, tho only standard of Christian be- lief ; tho duty of all men to inquire for them- selves ; their individual irresponsibility to ouch other fur tho conclusions which they may reach ; and diversity of opinions no bar to religious fel- lowship. In this project ho lins received ample promise of support. AN IHISH EI.KOTION KOW.-We find the follow- ing in tho Daily Sew», ol' tho "lil July, in refe- rence to tho Sligo election :-During tho continu- ance of tho proceedings the violenco and tumult nf thc mob grew to such a pitch thnt tho Mayor hud to order tho Court llouso to ba cleared, which was accordingly done, sovrral gentlemen having been previously Btruck with stones, when some mon with loaded fire-arms mid other dnngeroua weapons in their possession were captured. During tho nbovo iraca» tho Itcv. Mr. O'Connor wits given tho lie mid struck on tho huck of tho bend by Mr. lfnnly. who wus in turn struck and severely handled. This, of couive, gave rise to a, succession of combats, and tho hustings soon pre- pon ted tile nppcnrnuco of n ECOIIO of strife. Tho ptdico were obliged to have rocourso to pushing tho combatants asunder willi thu butt ends of their guns, mid tho affair ended with Mr. Manly and tho Hov. Mr. O'Connor being removed from off tho hustings. THE XVOBTU.N'K OK WAK.-A correspondent or tho Times mids nnotbor enso to tho numerous il- lustrations, ii1 ready published, of tho unrowurdod services of old Peninsular soldiers. It is that of Samuel Harris, formerly a private in tho G Otb, which rogiment ho joined in 1801, and left in 181(1. lió was during that time, with tho rogi tnont, prcsont at and fought in tho following battles-viz , Oporto, Talavera, Albttern, Vittorio, Salamanca, Pyrenees, Pampeluna, M voile, Nive, and Toulouse, bondie several other minor engage- ments. Ho was wounded three times-viz., at Talavera, Albuera, nod Vittoria. Per willoh ser- vices, on behalf of his country, nil that this poor old soldier hus received has been a modal with seven clasps. This poor old soldier, so long ns ho could carn his Jiving by working, did not apply for a pension ; but when, from incrcasod inllrmities, ho was unablo longer to provide for himself, ho inado his claims known, and received! n reply that it was thou too Into. lixianATiox TO AVSTIIALIA.-Tho Daily Silos, of the 7th July, says-Sotno delny has taken placo in despatching tho government emigrant ships nt Southampton, in consequence of tho dilhculty in getting stiiiicicnt emigrants, ngi¡cul- tural labourers being now greatly in demand in thia country. The ship Statesman, lying nt tho above-named port, has nearly her quota of emi- grants on board, and she will sail on the 9th instant. She will sail on the great circle prin- ciple, and it is expected she will reach Port Phillip in about seventy-six days. She will carry out a large number of letters, many of them du- plicates of correspondence sent this week by the Australian overland mail. IIOVK AMI PtiTSto.- Tho Euglfoli papers report a ca?o, triod nt Uloomsbury, in which nu apothe- cary named Ony sought to recover tho sum of Ids. for professional attendance. Tho defendant pleaded that tho attendance wns in consequence of au agreement to got introduced to young ladies in whoso houso ho (tho defendant) was living. Counsel for tho defendant stated thu case ns fol- lows :-"How to got an introduction wns, for some time, a poser to them (laughter), it could only bo carried out by stratagem; und it wns do vi.'.oil by philntill'ami himself that he (defendant) should fnll ill-(roars of laughter)-und write a letter to Mr. Gay to visit him (prolonged merri- ment). Ho felt unwoll-(Inughter)-and wroto thc noto proposed hy Mr. Gay :-' Dour Sir,-I want to seo you immediately- [ nm alarmingly ill. Yours, Ac. rosloript: Only myself mid tho Misses-nt home, roy boy (shouts of merri- ment).* Mr. Gay carno immcdintoly. There was nothing whatever tho matter with him (laughter) -nuil ho i.over took tho s tu fl' that was sent, but throw it to tho dogs (ronowed laughter). AB to tho n'x visita thc plaintiff liad ohnrgud him for, it was a downright do. At any rato, fivo out of tho six visits were paid to tho young Indios, mid Mr. Guy had tho modesty and itopmlciico to ohurgo him half u-crowu for each of tho wooing visits (shouts of laughter)." KhKCTioN Hu limn v.-Tho Albion says, "Liver- pool hus distinguished itself ovor all its compoors in electoral depravity, if wo uro to credit what has been sworn to bolero tho Parliamentary Com- mittee. Not content with debauching tho free- mon, cvon Hint institution tho Post Office-an insulation hitherto considered sacred ns regards itu functions and their performance-was also mudo subservient to I huso most unscrupulous [orrons. Two letter-carriers wore tatn'porod with, and brought in longuo with, tho party, hullers tor voters eu tho other sida were withhold in ouiiscqitcnco." THE SHKUIUANS.-Tho Parliamentary corres- pondent ol' tiiu Liverpool Albion, writes, " Tlioro Ls Sheridan, tho ¡milgo of whnt tho immortal liichnrd lliiuslcy uitist hnvo hoon at tho Biimo time of life, can't say a word, or rather won't say lt if ho can ; and tho reason ho anya ho can't say it is, timi, whenovor ho tries, ho thinks of tho ghost of his grandfather, mid flint apparition mps nil spirit out ol' him, nnd pre von ts tim at- tempting to move tho benches behind or before lu'ni. Well, fur tho fumo of his favoured ruco Hint his Bister«, Mrs. Norton and tho Duohoss of Somerset that is to he, survivo to show that tho ancestral Intellectuality of many generations ia no loss conspicuous in this ago thou of old, and. thal physical homily is still tho nocompnnving lieritago ul' tho ollspriug of him who had nothing hut his genius and (ho rcmcmhratioo of lils anti teetotal imprudciicius to bequeath thom." A NOVKI. HATH.-' Thu J-Imprcss of Russin," writes u correspniidont of tho /huton (U.S.) Transcript, "is nt prêtent in vory ill health; sim has had, or ls tlireiiioncd with, n pnriilytlo ntlneh, nnd for months has taken ovcry morning a milk balli, A In rpo number of cow H aro kept fur tho purpose -, they uro all milked nt once, as litiHtily ns possible, into warm pall«, tho milk thrown into amarillo tub, heated to n lilt.o nbovo hloud lieut, mid in this tho royal Invalid ls placed to Itu till it cools." Tnt: I'ltiisa ANO THU I'm,ICE.-Tho Examiner says, " Tho Parla polico aro very net ive in their endeavours to prevent tho circulation amongst tho (rniijIM in barracks, of II pamphlet, said to bo thu production ot M. Chin ms, nu thu recent pro- motions, and untitled 'Thu Th roo Marshals.' They uro also endeavouring lo provent tho eiroil latluti uf a new pamphlet on tho doings nt tho Tuilerio?, entitled, ' Lo I'ostln do lmltlniKiir,' hy M. Viutur Hugo. Il ls auld to hu very violent. lt is reported that a person (this is thu third within fie lust few wcuks) has boen arrested in tho Hois do llouluguu, miappotcd of having had simmer designs against tho Emperor. Thu proofs uejun-t him seem tu havo been very vague, but it was thought UH well to got rid of lil rn, mid ho lins hoon, without further ceremony, sent off to Cayenne." THU JlEnoAii's OCCUI'ATIO.S DONK.-Lord Shaftesbury's bill for repressing juvonllo mendi ciinov proposes to ninko the parent answerable fur tho child who is » beggar. Ho calls upon tho leigls'uturo to punish tho parents of young mendicants ns rogues and vagabonds, and to treaty ? them to u month's imprisonment. 