HER MAJESTY'S BIRTH-DAY. YESTERDAY, being the Anniversary of Her Most Gracious Majesty's Birth-day, the Royal Standard was hoised at an early hour at the Prince of Wales's Battery Signal Station,and the semaphore decorated with flying streamers and flags of all nations. The numerous fleet of British and Colonial traders now in port displayed their bunting, and the usual loyal demonstration was celebrated by the accustomed holiday. The troops in garrison were reviewed in the Government Domain, in the presence of Lieutenant-Governor Sir William Denison and suite. The evolutions, which were not nu- merous, were performed creditably. At twelve o'clock at noon a Royal salute was fired from the Prince of Wales's Bat-tery, and a similar salute, in honour of the day, was given by H.M.S. Calliope, 26, Sir Everard Home, Bart. The troops then fired a feu de joie, which was followed by three hearty loyal cheers. By command of His Excellency the Lieutenant- Governor, the Commander of the Forces (Colonel Despard, C.B.) addressed the Regiment, express- ing the Lieutenant-Governor's pleasure at their satisfactory appearance, and the reports which he had received of their good conduct, and hoping that they would continue to merit his good opinion. The troops were then marched to the Military Barracks, the band playing some beau- tiful airs. The ground was well kept by a small detach- ment of police, the Chief Police Magistrate and other members of the Executive Council being present. The concourse was unusually large, remark- ably well-dressed in general, and hilaiious, good humoured, to the highest degree. His Excellency held a Levee at Government House in the afternoon; the usual guard of honour, from the 99th Regiment, commanded by Captain Johnson, being stationed in front of the main entrance, when about 350 presentations took place. In the evening large crowds of people were traversing to and fro in the streets, where the juve- nile population were busy firing off loads of crackers and squibs. At some of the principal scholastic establishments some handsome rockets were sent up ; but the display was not so gerenal as in for- mer years. The Theatre and the various concert rooms with which the town now abounds were averagety attended ; but the illuminations were scanty. At Government-house a V.A. and Impe- rial star, surrounded by a crown and laurel leaves, burned brightly, and in Liverpool-street were two or three devices. It was a late hour before the citizens repaired to their couches to court the "sweet restorer, balmy sleep." The Vice-regal Ball, according to loyal usage, was held at Government-house. The company began to arrive about nine o'clock. The Band of H.M. 99th Regiment was in attendance; and about 450 visitors shared in the hospitalities of their distinguished host and Lady Denison. D'ARCY HAGGITT, Esq., formerly holding a respon- sible office in the Comptroller-General's Department, has been appointed Police Magistrate at Heathcote, McIvor Creek, in the Province of Victoria. PICKPOCKETS.—Henry Fitzpatrick and William Andrews were apprehended yesterday by District Constable Simpson, having been seen to "try the pockets" of several females in the Domain at the review. This morning they were sentenced to three months' hard labour and imprisonment under the pro- visions of the Vagrant Act. UNION B A N K.—branch of the Union Bank of Australia is about to be opened at Brisbane, Moreton Bay, and Mr. John S. Tumor (late acting manager of the Adelaide branch) has been appointed Manager. AUDIT OFFICE, 21st May, 1853.—Accounts for con- tingent expensed sent to the Colonial Treasury for payment between the 13th of the current month and this date:—The Officers, &c.;, of the Panama, gratuities. J. Swain, J. Moore, H. J. Marsh, Tubby and Padman, J. McDonald, R. S. Waterhouse, Cle- burne & Co., F. Ray, A Webster, E. Ackerman, stores. J. S. Waddell, newspapers. The Sheriff, to pay contingent expenses, &c.; W. Rout, stores. R. Smith, extra clerical assistance. G. Guernsey, the Deputy- Commissary-General, repayment, &c.; F. E. Chalmers, J. Johnson, F. Cop, W. A. Bethune, pro- visions. J. Lord, W. T. Noyes, transport. B. McGuire, C. Adley, T. Riley, D. O'Donnell, J. Leary, M. O'Hara, C. Schaw, M. Aitkin, W. T. Noyes, J. Forster, J. W. Kirwan, travelling expenses. R. Allen, transport. J. Moir, J. Morling, the Immigra- tion agent, E. Edwards, F. Farrell, R. Gough, stores. A. Mann, W. Johnstone, provisions. J. Turnbull, T. Ghost; W. H, King, forryage. The Ordnance Storekeeper, clothing. P. O'Reilly, W. Short, boots. J. and G. Salier, J, Johnston, D. Moses, J. Harcourt, E. F. Dease, D. Room, clothing. H. Cotton, water. F. Wilcock, J. Lane, K. Murray, A. M. Johnson, A. Jackson, R. Barker, W. H. Wells, T. Goodier, J. Hartnoll, J. Turvey, D. Hildyard, J. Smith, W. Elwin, J. Britton, N. Manning, W. Morton, S. Lythgo, E. Johnson, J. McWaide, J. Reid, H. Phil- lippo, G. Nelms, R. C. Foster, M. Whitely, F. South- ernwood, W. Cooper, E. W. B. Butcher, J. Overall, fuel, &c.; L Murray, C. Smith, water. T. Hall, re- pairs, &c; J. Hills, transport. Todd and Coram, coals, J. W. Kirwan, coroner's fees. T. F. Gorringe, medical witness. W. Edwards, hire of the cutter Fox. M. Quinn, funeral expenses. The Attorney-General, the Solicitor-General, travelling expenses. W. Ward, H. Berrisford, J. Symons, W. Perry, B. Fitsimons, J. Eisdale, J. Smith, J. Sievewright, census of stock, &c.; S. Page, transport. T. J. Crouch, W. Lyon, travelling expenses. HER Majesty, has been pleased to approve and con- firm the Insolvent Act Amendment Act, the Recovery of Small Debts' Act, the Apprehension of Offenders' Act, and the Cross and Bye Roads Act. BIRTH, DEATHS AND MARRIAGES.—Mr. Thomas F. Austen has been appointed Deputy Registrar for the District of Westbury. POLITENESS.—At the Hamilton Police Office on Monday, James Farleigh was charged, before the Assistant Police Magistrate and Dr. Sharland, by constable Dunlop, with absconding from the Govern- ment Domain works on the 2nd ultimo, and received a sentence of 12 months' imprisonment and hard labour, for which he thanked their honors and wished them " a long life." He was in the service of Captain Langdon, of Montacute, when apprehended, to whom he had represented himself as being free. EXPORTS.—Two hundred and thirty-five bushels barley, 3370 bushels oats, and 1 ton flour were ex- ported from Hobart Town ; and 126 bushels barley, 5717 bushels oats, and 127 tons flour have been ex- ported from Launceston, since last Customs' Returns. TIMES CORRESPONDENCE.—The correspondent of the London " Times," writing from Sydney, thus gives his impression :—" The Administration of Sir Charles Fitzroy, the present governor, has been decidedly a successful one. Under a system such as ours of two- thirds of the legislative council being named by the Crown, or by the governor for the Crown, the part a governor has to play is rather a difficult one. If he is an able, energetic man of business, like the last governor, the late Sir George Gipps, he naturally wishes to have a good deal of his own way—to see to every thing himself—and is averse to consulting the wishes of the colonists in bringing forward his mea- sures. The inevitable consequence of the rule of a man of this stamp is to drive the entire representative ele- ment in the council into bitter opposition. The wheels of the executive get clogged, and the government of the country is brought to a dead lock, as it was on one or two occasions in Sir George Gipps's time. Sir Charles Fitzroy is a different man altogether from Sir George Gipps ; he is, perhaps, more a man of tact than of talent. Six years ago, when he first assumed the government, he commenced his administration, like a wise man, by attaching those who might prove troublesome to his government by conciliation, and his entire policy has been to smother opposition in the bud, by industriously conciliating and attaching those who might be dangerous as enemies; but you will ob- serve that the very opposite danger is the result of that of Sir George Gipps's line of policy. In the one case, the tendency is to cause the people to rise against the government; in the other, the govern- ment, by clever management of the representatives of the people, and by the influence they possess in the assembly through their nominees, has a tendency to become despotic, not by force, but through corruption. Thus it is that the present system of government in New South Wales is about the worst that possibly could be devised for securing and maintaining the liberties of a free people ; and it is difficult to conceive how the British Parliament, in the very height of its wisdom, and after mature deliberation, could come to the determination to fasten such a system (it is un- worthy the name of constitution) on any community of British subjects. A system like this of ours (it must be clear to every one, and experience has shown) tends either to democratic anarchy or to the despotism of a government governing by corruption. It must eventually either drive the people into re- bellion or demoralise them into slavery; and thus it is that our system of government cannot work at all under the ordinary stamp of men sent out to rule colonies, and cannot work long under such a prudent policy as that pursued by the present governor, even when backed by the experience and admitted talents for business of the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Edward Deas Thomson. 