AUSTRALIA-ITS CAPABI3UTIES AND PROSPECTS. (From the Eclectic Reriew.) hooks, pamphlets, speeches, maps, lectures, sermons, and leading articles in newspapers, con cerning Australia, have multiplied in an almost geometrical progression in the last few months. The fountains of the great deep are broken up, and pour their torrents into the swollen streams of British literattue, threatening an intuidation. Australia is the rage. Even parliament has been moved to consider a colonial question, for the lethargic pool has beets stirred with the magic wand of gold. ['lhe blae books named at the head of this artileo are proofs of the general ex citement. Interesting in themselves, they are historical records of the discovery and progress of a mine of wealth; and it is not a little amusing to mark the perturbation which has ifMected cvery rank on account of the sudden inburst of a new antid attractive product. Thus niuch will sullice for the blue books; their captivating contents will soon be transferred to the popular page, and we therefore turn to the works already written for the inirnstutio f of the multitude. The books selected bear the general characteristics of nearly every work on Australia which lists appeared for the last twenty years; they are jubilant and jocund. This is not to be wondered at, for during that period new states have been bursting into life, and the joys of peaceftl coniuiest have been the privilege of the settler. We veil all deeds of blood-the shame and guilt of a few-to boast of the laurels which have eetn won by the smnny. 'Within these twenty years, the map of New Holland lies been gradually filled up; the bays and headiands of the sea-board have been successively settled; river tier river has received enterprising cultivators on its banks; steams navi gation lies united the bristling points of 2000 ;tiles of coast, whilst an average of 200 miles along that coast has been subdued to pasturage or the plough. And what are the results? The marts of trade have been supplied with wool, tallow, horns, hides, ornamental and hard woods, trenails, tit copper; so that England, the emporium of Srade, is both clothed, adorned, and fortified with the produce of this autipodean and once despised territory. The ebb to transportation lits sunk beneath[ thie rising tide of emigration; cities-no mean cities-have seen founded; blooming provinces hisve been oc cupied by fremen, snd civil and religious liberty have secured another home. An exultant style is natitual to ai Australian writer, is just tribute to tllttering aosd propitious circumstances. How warm his remsinisectces; how bright his hopes! lie may also write gaily, eatching the spirit of the laughing hours. If is clear sky and is flood of light give brilliancy to a pigmtcnt, mucht more shall they eonsvey lively impressions to tie brain. An hilarious atmosphere quickens the nerves, eterjes home the distatit lsudsealpe swiftly and distinctly, stud lodges both its soft and rugged pictures pl asantly in the sensoriutes. Ieince springs a theory for the future of Australia, as to rhetoric, std poetry, and song. 'For minstrels thou shalt hive of native fire, And maids to sing the songs themselves inspire! Our very speech, methlitiks, in after time, Shall catch tSi' Ionian blandness of thy clime; Anse whilst the light and luxury of thy skies, Give brighter smiles to beauteous vomaun's eyes. Titearts, witosesotl islove, shall allspontatseousrise.' Australia, therelbre, is the lode-starof emigration. But let us pause. Emigration must inot be a tor rent rapid nud ttmsultuous, lest it destroy as it pro ceeds. iThe labor market fluctuates, entd injury nay cnsue, although but for a setson, by a too sud den supply. The eitrances to an empty theatre may be choked by a crowdu; and so the. vacant spaces in this gigantic Colasseum miay remain a hopeless void front too great a crush at the gates. Prudence dictates an even flow, and then it mtay be perennial. The trtsisportatioiists are silenced, atud we will not raise their ghosts buit let the advo cates of Asiatic labor beware. Should their creed become parssmount, British emigration will receive a cheek. Quality, us well as quantity, is to le coit sidered, said proportionate number is also to be kept in view. We have no sympathy iwitis the Coolie anti Chinese slictites. Let California, rebellions against the Chaiese irruption, operate asa warning. 'ithe low fed and poorly paid Asistic cant be brought in by shoals until the colony is swsinped, and what will be the result ? A huge anti obscene mule population, si contest of races, amid the oppression, perhaps the enslavement of the weak. Does not America teach is a lesson ! It cariot be forgottet that the most savage tribes of the most savage islands were introduced, with all their cannibal propen sities, in tuSe year 1847 ; but happily, to the con fusion of the avaricious mtiet iho had csjoled them nider Site promise of a visit to ntos lands. Are such glaring outrages to Le repented ? We trust tint. Such schemets tre os unpsitriotie as they are purblind and vile. There is legal power to inflict this wrong ; thsen let the public voice ite raisedl against it-determttinedly raised, and raised at once. Emigration shiotul be free, clean, mind strong. By this statement of general principles we exclude convictisi, cite exuviso of which are nsoi nearly absorbed ire the soil, and Irishs orplslass, with dirt itud misery cotijoincul, amid enfeehled paupers, whe ther mitale or feimale. Solemnly cio we echo the voice of the great Australian league against tr-nis portation ; it must not be coatoneed, even to Van )ieniien's Land, for the culprit will soon fiud his svav to Victoria; miind se are happy to bear rumours of its eitng utterly siolished to these regions. Parishes siiloubtedly cotsult sclf-interest in send ing out their poor, tint the poor themselves are greatly benefitted; but there is langer of coerciot Ietig employed whichs would destroy the ciergy of the tun alierwards, tud might thes prevent the improvement of Isis conlition. The insolence of titendicaticy would, in such citse, usurp the place of freedoms. Piauper wometi tire aliso apt to abatdot an honest livelihood for tlact whicit, itt the ease of fetnales, is emphatically called idishonct one. hlIe seeds of corruption sown in the workhouse, grow up rusk; and bear pernicious fruit. The best policy of the parishes is to help men before they become paupers. A loan will, in general, be gratefully repaid ; and where several aids are granted, the average returns will leave a large balance in favor of the parish agiust the actual cost of the impoverish ncut canused by neglect. A contract to repay an additional auw for interest will be agood insuratce for loss occnsioned by defaulters. Next comes bounty emigration. But this laes its attendant evils; the labourer hus too much done for hims, and instead of bemg thrifty to return the mosey expended on his passage, mess, and outfit, lie is prone to waste his sadden sflluuece iti riotous living. While torn remained ignorantof the advan tages of emigration, something was required to tempt them forth ; bitt now that these advantages ute notorious, and a glittering prize is held forth on the other side, it is probable this form ofeisigration will gradually cease. Loans froit benevolent friends, sud fismos societies, stid the assistance of emsigratiot clubs, couse next in order,and in a higher scale of valse. The praiseworthy exertions of Mrs. Chisltholt have proved the fact that persons will save to obtain the meatns of going abroad, and that it little help will call all their energies into action; and fimrther, that such loans are repaid. The 1 auiily Colotizittioi Society is a step its the right direction. Such assistance does not diminish self-respect ; it awakens honor; it cherishes gratitude tovard is benefsctor. Unassisted cmigratlio is the best of all, for thls the adventurer has already embarked his capital in the enterprise, and will simumon every power to.eusure a }rofstable return; there is no d rnwback to the glory of his success. nsmigrationi is good in proportion as it is free in action, clcanly in habit, pure in morals, and vigorous itt mind or limb, assd becomes pre-cmintrtly beseftcial as these qiaslifications are consolidated by paticice, parse vernttmc, atid a right good-will. (To be contiutid.) 