VAN DIEM EN'S LAND. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN COUNCIL OP THE AUSTRALASIAN LEAGUE AND Sill W. DENISON. (From the Colonial Times, January 21.)' This extinct body once consisted of. tho members for tho city, aud several eminent merchants. It is now dead, and Sir W. Denison was with thc dead. Ile lins kept company with tho wild Irish until ho lins acquired their cannibalism. For tho Inst two years the whole convict party have been employed ''despatching" this respect- able body : they aro now, like savages, feasting on its remains. It is only a mouth ago that Mr. Carter and twenty others sent their compliments to Sir John Pakington, through Sir Wil- liam Donison, denying, tho existence of thc Australasian League, and warned thc worthy pcoplo of Downiiig-strcet that there were ghosts abroad-more dust and shatlo: and yet lhere aro few of the functions of vitality in which this dopavlcd enemy of his Excellency's salary is deficient. It talks and walks, lays hold of its objects with a prodigious grasp-never lets go. Il lins ono charnulci¡alic of a spirit ; now you henrof it in London-then at San Fran- cisco-then iii New York ; sometimes nt New South W.ilcs-nnd thou ut Victoria. It is quito clear such a body cannot bc a j body ut all, and in ubi be a spirit. I Uul even thôt<spirît of tho Leaguo is 'for I miduble-lo Jay it is tlie great task of Sjr William Denison;-; ' . It seems . life Council of the League thought proper 'to n'ddress a letter to the Secretary of State to explain the causes of that great popular victory, iii which a mass of blasphemous thieves, pouring forth language niost filthy and obscene; organ isedby James Gray, » clerk in the convict department, swept theMechnnics' Institute, anti drove away hy violence the Honourable the Speaker, Mr. Dunn, &c.; Thej' felt that the ascendancy of such a mob, banded together by sympathies unknown among other communities, was a fact which no governor should bc permitted to represent as thc voice of the people of this colony. It will be seen by the Governor's despatches that the open and avowed object has boen to set the convict population against tho emigrant, and so to neutralise the ojiposi tion to transportation. It has, indeed, been d»feated in thc mode proposed nt first, but. ho has kindled tho passions of incar- nate fiends-he has stirred up the depths of hell, and men, some reeking with blood, have been made the interpreters of tho public of Van Diemon's Land. It was to prevent tho home Government from ac- cepting the demonstration dinner as nu expression of colonial feeling, that tho League Council put thc Secretary of State on his guard. Now what part of this lotter arc they prepared to refute as to its substance ? Do they deny that the wholoof tho Into proceed- ings were got up by the convict depart- ment, and by persons whose character and career gave them no sort of title to be heard except as supplicants ? We do not deny thai two or three were of n different class ; but they were persons who live on tho vices of thc base, or aro mere dolts and idiots. Thc object of tho department and tho Advertiser was to represent this irruption of violence and villany as an ex- pression of public feeling in favour of transportation. It was thc duty of tho Leaguo Council to speak thc truth, to un- mask tho chief actors, and to show that it was merely a colonial manifestation of those passions which have filled Ireland with violonce, and England's gaols with crime. Tho League Council have done wisely. Tlie celebration dinner, however, made their course very easy and clear. What did that dinner celebrate ? the opposition to tho Convicts Prevention Act ! Who was tho hero of tho table ? a charlatan a few years ago in a gang. Thc question is not what such men may say in Van Die men's Land, but by what standard will such demonstrations be measured among honest mon, in a British community, by the English press, and in tire House of Commons ? Five hundred gentlemen sat down to dinner, says His Excellency, in his paper, n number much greater than ever dined, a table-cloth being present. But what gentlemen ? members of the Legislature ? not one j merchants ? not a ghost of one ; gentlemen ! Now there is no reason why such men should not dine, and have even knives and forks ; but there was great reason that they should not be represented as a fair sample of English colonists-of the men who have returned the members of the Colonial Legislature -of those who ave to compose thc future constituency of Van Diemon's Land. Tlie Governor is, however, deeply mortified ; the London News now wears a " wide awßke," and the draft to match tho tri- umphal arch is not very likely to appear, except accompanied witli very damaging explanations. It is very refreshing to seo how his Excellency's little contrivances to raise a dust about a great colonial ques- tion are exposed and defeated one by one. Tho- time will como when tho only dust he will be.able to raise will bo that behind him-as he retreats. Wc presume the League Council were i quite prepared to sec their letter in the Advertiser ; his Excellency could not re- sist thc temptation, and after attempting to induce tho League Council to consent to thc publication, he has violated the standing mles of his own office. The Council, wc believe, do not caro one straw for thc publication, though his Excel- lency's organ, as will be seen by tho adver- tisement in another column, has falsified the date, and omitted an important pas- sage. It is, howover, too late for tho Go- vernor's purpose, which is to raise a ques- tion about the facts related ; he knows they aro nil true ; but ho knows that James can find a witness when one is wanted, who will contradict the testimony of tho League Council. But then, tho honourable secretary, Mr. Haller, is a German. Oh, horror ! not an Irishman. We are informed that it is intended to send a memorial to her Ma- jesty by the hands of Princo Albert, com- plaining that a native of Germany, con- sequently opposed to the House of Hanover aud Saxe-Coburg, dared to act as secretary to a ghost, and that an English ghost. Of course, the Queen will think it absurd that a Gorman should marry an English lady, speak and write English like a' native, and venture to talk politics in the presence of such true born Englishmen as Donnolan Balfe and O'Neil Wilson ! Howover, as this same Mr. Haller was actually employed by Sir Eardley W'ihnot's Government to re- port on tho political questions, ho may be able to reconcile even thc Queen to his Germanic origiu ! What low ignorant brutes aro these mon who think, in colo- nies where, there are at least 10,000 Ger- mans, to raise up a cry ngninst foreigners; there is no man so much a foreigner to Englishmen as a renegade Irishman, who never had any principle but selfish- ness, and changes sides for a peck of po- tatoes. Sir John will find Mr. Hailer's name attached to a report in his office at least a proof of his right to act aa thc ghostly organ of tho spectral Southern Tasmanian Council of tho League-a long name for a tuero ahnde I But when Sir W. Denison talks of giving tho parties referred to an opportu- nity to defend themselves, wc have a right to enquire into his own pnst practices. No Governor ever scandalised tho colonists willi more recklessness. There is scarcely a class or public'mali not villificd in tho Blue Books under bia Excellency's hand. i ... : . , lie is tender of thc blooming honours of Mr. Balfe, and the honest renn tali on of Mr. James Gray. lt is some consolation <o know that he has announced that stab- bing in thc dark is not to bc justified, except lo continue transportation. Poor man! 