MISCELLANEA. — Lift of St. Paul, by Couybear and Hewson —Romanes [?] the Forum. What difference is there between forms and cere monies? You sit upon the one and stand upon the other. A NEN MOTIVS POWER.— An American mechanic ben invented a machine which is to-be driven by the force of circumstances. Mrs. .Partington wants to know what sort of drums 00-nou-airums' nre. Sh« thinks some hard to bent. An obittr.ry, Very eulogistic of a Indy, stirs; “ f?h« was married twenty-four yea;#, and in uli ttmt time ifcrerimcc banned tlic door. ” Trutu nr Tsleoba'pu.—A telegraph report lias contrived to speak unvarnished truth for once. It says that “ rumours are abundant, facts scare*-.” I’anFBCTJ.r T.iujb.—A Isdy, who, lias just returned from Paris, upon being uskcd wtv’t kind of ran nnny whs Louts Napoleon's, answered; *• Par Fetes ( Par- I'aile") Wa« has 3S»» Hm'f—A runaway apprentice in thus d-neril- cd in an American piper ;—"Hr, j*> thick sot, wears ft g'.i'Zed Unt five feet high, and iron-slio-l «ru«?e wiMi cross eyes.*' Glossahy fob Fiiekch Uepubuoass,— lAhcrty The freedom of unutterable opinion, F>'‘t<rn\l;i: Brotherhood n dc-inidntinn. Equality : The uniform condition of frig-* under ft flagstone. Life.— l.ifct* made m>, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little tilings, in whirl) smiles, tud kiiidu<«ses, and small obligations, given hnbirunlly, are -wlmt win and un-soi <■(? ibo heart and secure comfort. —Sir Uumyhrvy. Davy, A lady renowned for r-pan-m, r.ud n gentleman noted’or u-naciiy n> It in o* n opinion; were ovei bonr'l in deep ami earnest conversation. Siva Mr. M. (wnxiiig rather warm}, 'Mrs. G., facts nro stubborn tilings.’ Says Mrs. C. to Mr. -M., ‘ then, what a (net. yon imw be. 1 A>.nt ihouioai. Po;i,—Whtu Sir William TTnrn'l ton nm-ommed to tho lloyal Irieli Academy Ids *‘is cov.-ry of the ccntr-i sun—ilio.atar round which our cn b of dny ini I his piftnotary n tend-mia revo »e —" waggish member oxelni-m*'! ‘ What! our sun’s aim 1, win’, that mtNt b» n grand sun I ’ Womax’u Krairrs. — A bill is pending in the _ln dinna Ingisiiuure, to compel oi l bachelors of thirty yeniit of n.o to marry, nr par 60 dollar* a-ycar in tiio county .treasury, to go to tho first Indy who shall mom after tbo Ist of January. , The pro visions of tiro-bill nppiy to widower* of on® year » 'etiridinir. . • A man in Kew Bedford, who lin'd baekcjl out from a promise of marriage, was prosocu ell and imprisoned by his inV-nded, The injured- fair one paid hiit benrd in gnol for two week*, when ho sur rendered. and tln-y were married. Other damsels similarly situated, might adopt thia uiethud with e quai sucsoss. A lady paying a visit to four daughter, who, was a young widow, naked her why at.c wore t In widow's garb *o long. ‘ Dear mammn, don’t you seel’ daughter, ‘it saves mo- the ex . pvn>e of advertising for a husband, as.■ every ou->- csn see I am for sale by private contract.’ CouTS.NrMBST.--Thcrc ia a sunshine of thfe mind; a happy temper of disposition, which far outweighs all external advantages; but this sunshine of the mind the man of honor and probity alone experiences. No bribe can purchase' it for the unjust; no black devioeoj no mean arts, can pluck it front the upright* Doctor Graham, a celebrated quack, while hold tag forth on his stage, at Chelmsford, in order to promate the sale of, his medicine, told-the people that he came thore for their s’ood, and not for want. Then.addressing bis Merry Andrew, ‘ Andrew,’ .".aid bo, ‘ do we come hero for want ? ’ ,*■ No; faith. Sir,’ said Andrew, ‘we have enough of that at home.’ During a siege a water-o irricr was crying lih< water tiirough the town “ Six sous a gallon ! Six tout a gallon ! ” By and by a.bainbshell carried off one of his barrels, whereupon, without moving n muscle of his face,, he oontinuod, “ Twelve sous a gallon I Twelve sous ngallon! ” IfcrunB State. —Weuroilud to beliovo of a future , state, not only by the weaknesses, by the hopes and fears of human nature, but by Abe noblest and best principles which belong to it, by the iovr of virtue, and by the abhorrence of vice and.injustice. As lN‘QUiniso.LAD. —“Papa, what does th® Editor licit the Price Current with ? '* “ Whip it? ho don’t whip it, hiy child ! ” “ Theh he lies, pa." “Hush! Tom, that is a very naughty word!’’ ‘‘Well, by golly ! this ere paper «a»s ‘Price Cur rent carefully porrecitui,'—and I quess when I gel corn oted I gets licked—don’t I ? ” -V Hist.—It is not generally known, tint the leaves of geranium are an excellent application for outs, whore the skin ia rubbed off, and other wounds of that, kind. One or two leaves, must be bruised mid applied on the linen to the part, arid the wound 1 will become catrised in a very short lime. A Lawybe’s Opimon op Law.—A learned judge | being asked bow he would net If a man owed him ten dollars and refused to pay him : “ Rather than bring an action,” said he. "with its cosia and un certainty, I would give him a receipt in full of all demands ; ’’ and, after n liulo rumination, he added, “ Ay, and I would send him, moreover, five dollars to cover all possible costs.” As IsrusnscE.—The U;v. Ephraim Judson was a qmimc and original preacher, Remarking atone' time upon the excuses made by the guest* invited to the wedding feast, he observed that the one who had bought five- yoke of oxen simply entreated to bo excused, while the ono who b id m ■ tried a •*ife absolutely declared that b> coni 1 not come, “lienee learn” said tl;o ' preacher, “that one woman can pull harder than five yoke of oxen," Sable Lootd.—“Julius, *’pose (lore are s’x chickens in de coop, ami de man soils three ob f-m. how'many is left'.’ “ Wlru time ob dc day was it? ’ •‘Wlmt time ob d:iy? Why, whit 1ms dal to do wid it ? “ Sartin, nigga. If it was after dark dar wouldn't be none'left—dat is if you happened to come along dnt way!” “Look py bore, niegA, •j'j-l stop dem porsnslit'es. lb be donf. I’ll explore your head wid a pump-handle, 1 will, sartin-as Moses !" Two G.rxoxniuws.—Why is a belli like a loocrno motive ? Because she sends off the .'•■parks, trans ports the ni i!s, says to the lender, pine knot, is often follovvod by a train,iiad pjissns over the plain. A second is at your ' 1» 'an oyster iho greatest paradox in. the' world ? Because if has a mouth but no tp ,, i | . , > n beard, but no cnio, and it taken out of a Iv-.d tube tucked in. Oldest Oiri' — Damascus is the oldest city in the world. / Ub fame begins with the earliest patriarchs.' nmf .coirinues to modem times. While Other' cities of East have risen and decayed, Damascus..is sill! what y was. It .was founded before B.ialbw and Palmyra, and it has outlived them both. ‘ While Babylon is a heap iu the desert, and Tjre a ruin of the'shore, it i cumins' whnt.’t is ealicd J in the prophecies of Is.aiuh, “ the bead of Syria.” IntCOTEHY OX' A PoKXIIAIT BV K.vrnAEL. — A person at -Nistnea. had tor a f.ng lime in his |ios»esKinn a drawing in red chalk, to which ho attached so li'ilo value. that it was dirown aside air,on j sonic waste paper. An srnaiou - having itchntly seen it, ■ purchased it fronts him fop two francs. I he pur chaser having brought it to Pitciacshowed il 10 some artists, ■.who told him it was an' admirable sketch, and ho acourdinvly presented it to tlio director of the Muaees. Soon after Ins return to Ni-mea he received a letter of thanks from air inspector of the Beaux Arts, in which it was stated that, after minuU hn'esligatioii. the drawing was found to,lie the por trait of La Fornnrina, by, Raphael, and was esti mated as being worth, ns the lowest cost, ton thou sand francs. (JLKa.vli.vubs about Tun Hollar..—As. a-general rolo for living m-atty ana saving time,, it is belter to kirp dam than l;i tnaJic dean. If you me careful not to drop crumbs of hre*d or cake on the carpet,, you will escape un utility room, and save the trouble of donning it. In work’iig, it you tnake a practice •of putting all the cuds of your thread irto adivision of ‘your work box, kept for the puipo;ff>, and never ]<n one foil on the fl >pr, tlse room will look very differently at the end.of the morning, from what it doc-* "hen ibis is not at tended to. A house i-t kept far cleaner when all cho family arc taught to wipe th- ir 1W t thoroughly on coining in froi.pop.to_f doors, than it can be done where tins is * eglerted. There are a. dn-ustmd wavs of ki-epi'ig clean and caving labor and time, which is well worth while to,learn ori't ’practice. The IvptrtsiTiVE Ixxreepeti'3 Rets sox.—The American orator, John Randolph, being at an inn in Virginia, was about to leave, when the master of the house enquired which way he was travelling. ‘ Sir'. ’ s;rd Mr. Randolph, >»:tU a link of displeasure.. ‘ 1 ask'd,' said tho lam'lird, ‘ wiiicb way urn yon (ra velling? ’ Have I paid you niy bid f' * Yea.’ * Do 1 owe you Kindling mare?' ‘‘No.’ • Well. I'm g vng juat where I t L-a-e ; do ymi uod rsta.i i ‘ YV.s.’ The Iknalotd was somewhat excited, and Mr. Randolph drove off; hut to Ida surprise, in a few niinntra , s--nt on* of hm_ icivruts lo.oi .Q/fi’-b •vhtch of the (orlra nt the road he'should inkillr Randolph not being out of hearing • U»Tf ce, die Janol-Til spoke at tho top of i;U breatht ’Mr. Gnu dolph, von don’t owe mo one cent —jdkt take which roa<l you please.' Tn* F.Liumtio Lioar.—Tho Rhictrio P >wor and. Color Company may be s,iid, crn Fiiday welt, to have ..ccoinjilithcd tho feat of ’Betting too Tham-s-oil firs.' One of the Ci11*tfu »'earners started from Chelsea (or Gravesend, at - U P x,. -carrying an clcoliiu bmp, will a parabolio tetleclo--. on each puddle-box, returning to town at 3 AM. Tho lamps Brilliantly illuminated both banks of tlio river, .and the effect is said to hate been remarkably striking oud lesutilul. The shipping in the pool, below London bridge, wv* as.cOiieplcuonsly seen as in the light of 'lay. a moil importunt loot in Fclation to the subject of satciy to life at SO", and tho national question of a perfect system of light-honse* oa tho Brithh cottdia. Law.— Somebody said that those who go to Jnvr for dam igea arc sure to get thorn. There is a man out west who is so bent on accomplishing his purpose that ha has become bunch oaokod. Watch-keys are rendered unnecessary for many watches which aro now manufactured in Geneva. By turning a screw in the hamllo, tho watch is wound up. Take your daily bread, and bo thankful; but don’t pray to the Lord to lay up for you the loaves lor years to come to make you rich. Many n man baa died about the time his great baking of broad came out of his ovea. A .MiDHiaBX AnyENTcna.—In the year 1704 a gentleman, to all appearance of largo fortune, took furnished lodgings at a house in Soho Sqnaie. After ho had resided some weeks with his estab lishment, ho lost his brother, who ha I lived at Hampstead, and who, ou his dc. , yih*bcd, particu larly desired to bo interred in the family vault in Westminster Abbey.' - Tho- gentleman requested his landlord to permit him to biing the corpse of his brother to his lodgings, and to rnako arrangements there for'the funeral. The landlord, without hesi tation, signified his oomplianoe. The body, dressed in a white shroud, was accordingly brought in a very handsome coffin, aud placed in the great-dining room. The funeral was te take place the next day, and the lodger and his- servants went out to make the necessary preparations for tho solemnity. Ho slaydd cut late, but this wasno uncommon thing. The landlord and his family conceiving that they hud uu occasion to woivfor-him, retired to bed as usual, about twelve o’clopk._ One miiid-scrvpnt was left up to lot him in, and to boil some water* which ho had desired might bo cumio ready for molting tea ou. his return. Tho girl wns accordingly sitting olonc la the kitobon, when a spectre looking figure entered, nod clapped itself down in a.cb.iir opposite to her. The maid was by no, means one of tbe most timid of hor sex ; but’she was terrified beyond all expression, lonely as she w.ia, at the unexpected apparition. Uaetiug n loud sctcam. she .-flew out like uu arrow at a side door, and hurried to tho otmuibcr of her master and mistress. Kcarqtfly bad she awakened theta, and communicated to tho whole family some portion of the Iright with which slio was overwhelmed, whoa the spectre, enveloped in a shiouJ, and with a death-like paleness, made Its appearance, aud sat down In a chair in the bed room, without their having observed how it entor.-u. Tho worst of all was, that the chair stood by tho door of tho bs l-chamber, so that not a creature could get away without passing close to the appari tion, wliicli tolled its glaring eyes so frightfully, and sir hi ieously distorted its features. The master and mistress crept under tbe bed-elothcs, coveted with proviso perspiration, while tho maid-servant sank nearly insensible .by the aide of tbe bed. At the same tnno the whole house seemed to be in au uproar; for, though tney had covered themselves over head and ears, they coutd still hear r.n inces sant noise mid clutter, .which served to inoreaso their terror. At length nil became perfectly still 1.1 tho house. Tno landlord ventured to raise his head, and to steal a glance at the chair by tho door; but,.behold the ghost w-n gone! Sober reasm began to assume its power. Tito poor girl was brought-to hersclf-a’-torn-gaod "ncal of Shi king, i t u short nine they plucked up sufiknent courage u quit tbe bed-room, aud io commence examination of the house, which th -y expected lo find in areas disorder, ifor;wore their anticipations unfounded Tne whole house had b.-eh 'stripped by aitfui thioves, and; the gtmllcmr.n - 'had dctSfmtieil' paying for bis lodgiugs.' It turned-out that it •no other than nli acscm'plice'of the notorious Arthur Chambers, who wa& executed at Tyburni„ 1706, and that tho supposed corpse w:)s lino arc,, rogue himself,'.who had whitened-his hunts ami fin.-,, with chalk, and merely counterfeited death. Abon t midnight he quitted Ilia doffia. and r.pjieured to tb„ mnid in tho kitchen. When she flew tip stairs. h u softly followed.her, and, seated at the door of tb e chumbcr, he acted ns a sentinel, so that ill-* indus triuus accomplices were enabled to plunder tu lions- without the least moiestr.uion. 