WEST ADELAIDE ELECTION. DECLARATION OF TItE POLL. Alderman Slierwin, tho Returning Officer for the Western Division of Adelaide, attended the Blen heim Hotel on Saturday morning, at eleven o'clock, to decide the res. It of the Poll. Shortly before that hour, Mr Fisher arrived in an open carriage, drawn by four greys, preceded by ft band playing " See the Oonqu'ring Hero Comes." When the carriage drew up in front of the Blenheim, and Mr Fisher alighted, he was greatly cheered, and the band struck up " Auld Lung Syne." The balcony, excepting only the Returning Officer and his assis tants, and the reporters of the public press, was oc cupied exclusively by the supporters of Mr Fisher, and neither there nor among iho crowd in the street beneath, could be distinguished a single green ribbon or favor. The appointed hour for the declaration of the Poll having an ivedv The Returning Officer came forward, and ad dressing those assembled, stated that he had ex amined the whole of the voting papers, and it now became his duty to declare to them the result of the previous day's poll. He found that Mr Fisher had received 203 votes, and Mr E. Stephens 144. The majority in favour of Mr Fisher was 59. (Caeers.) It devolved upon him therefore to annouce that the choice of the electors of West Adelaide had fallen upon James Hurtle Fi.-her, Esq., by a majority of fifty-nine. (Tremendous cheering.) He there fore . declared that gentleman duly elected. ("Renewed cheers.) He had no doubt that the worthy gentleman whom they had elected would do his duty. (A voice "Who'd doubt it?") Having performed his task impartially, and to ihe best of his abilities, he would now introduce to them J mes Hurtle Fisher, Esq. (Cheers.) Mr Fisher in advancing to the front of the bal cony was received with deafening applause and waving of hats. When the enthusiasm had sub sided iu some slight decree, Mr Fisher said, " My friends,—and as now I have the honor to address you, constituents, (cheers.) for now I appear before you having been duly declared as a member of the Legislative Council, for the electoral district of West Adelaide. (Cheers.) lrn this position I have a two fold gratification. The first is, personal to myse f in having had imposed upon me the highest honor ever contemplated by me. (Cheers.) If there were anything beyond another that I desired, it was that. I have received hitherto many proofs of kindness at your hands, but this is the climax of the whole, an honor that will soften my path in. these my latest years. I cannot anticipate a very much longer life, but so long as it shall please the Almighty to spare me to show my gratitude, so long shall all my exertions be used for the benefit of the'colony. (Tremendous cheering,) The other source of gratification to which I have al luded, is personal not only to myself, but to you all, and is matter for mutual congratulation throughout the province. It is the signal triumph obtained by common sense based upon mature reflection, which you have lately shown in an exemplary manner, (Cheers and hear.) The result of tills election is important not only to West Adelaide, but toother districts. To use the forcible language express *d by Mr Anthony Forfiter, a worthy gentleman of •considerable intelligence, but no'voter, who wsi one of the few who spoke at a meeting called the other evening by the Government Auc tioneer— (Cheers and laughter) — this conlesl does not involve the interests of West Adelaide in particular, but those of the whole colony. (Hear." Those words I hope will be engraven upon youi minds, and not only so, but be acted upon bv you. They were, I presume, used as a kind of apology for his appearance there, being no elector. I agree with them, and assert with confidence that the principle which you have established involves the entire colony, and I hope it will be followed out in the other districts. (Hear.) The result is— ("You're returned") — to put down a clique leagued against the best interests of the colony, under the specious pretence of protection to the electors of the colony, of freedom of elec-ion, and independence of action. (Hoar.) So much do they vaunt. (No.) Il.ive not them m hers of the League constantly aite ded in the various d stricts to dictate to the electors that if the candidate did not profess certain principles he should not he elected? Did not they successfully induce many constituencies to return only men whose sen im-nts corresponded wiih their own ? Did those can didates whom they put forward claim the support of the League, on account of other than one prin ciple which was probably set at rest for the present? Did they profes* to be competent on other gcouu-.is? (Hear.) I am not going to quarrel with my nd versary, for I scarcely know who he is. (Laughter.) I don't see even his ghost, or the sh -dow of one of his supporters. Mr Allen. Ilindley-street, who spoke from the crowd—Look down here. Mr Fisher—I gave all credit to those who gup ported him, thinking they were right. But it turns out that in your opinion they were wrong. (Cheers.) I shall now ad vet to one or two things which I cannot suffer to pass without comment from me they relate to the last step taken by the party at the election yesterday. You will hardly credit what has taken place amongst those professions of liberal sentiments—the supporters of Mr Stephens —-who, in my opinion, has been most grossly de ceived and iil treated, in being deluded by his committee into false expectations that he would receive a majority of your suffrages—deluded into holding this belief even after the famous and never to-be-forgotten production of the honorable member for Light. (Laughter) I say you will hardly credit what I am abont to tell you with regard to what was done yesterday by one of the most zealous supporters of my opponents, and who at one time even ventured to appear before the electors of Mount Barker as a candidate for their suffrages. ("What ! Teapot?" and laughter.) I will now tell you what hedid. Two minutes before the close of the poll, finding how strong the tide had set in, and that the result was inevitable, a protest was handed in and read, which although made up of pure and unsophisticated nonsense, exhibits what the clique I would do to gain the.'r purpose, and forms a guide to the character of the whole of their actions. I regret to say that by the advice of Mr Hicks, who witnessed it, or by that of some other friend to the opposite cause, and who had too powerful an In fluence over the usua'ly generous mind of G. S.! Kingston, Esq, that gentleman was induced to put his name to a protest against my legal return. (Oh, oh !) A protest against mv return before j that return was made. (Hear.) But he's an Irish man—(roars of laughter)—and the mistake is ex- I disable. (Continued laughter.) The protest was on the ground that the Deputy Returning Officer, as Mr Kingston or his legal friend chose to call; Sir Laffei, who, by the bye, is no more so than you are, had made a i.et of £'10 with Mr Slatter on the re ult of the electi n. (Groans and '"shame.'') I will read to you MrLaffer's statement, which ought to be made a matter of history, so as in future to form a guide to e ther elections, and I hope that all the other constituencies will follow out tho example set them by you on this occasion. (Laughter ) I doti't wonder that you laugh even before you hear it. (R newed laughter.) Tin's is Mr Bailer's statement—"About 9 o'clock last evening. I was at a neighbour's house and met Mr Slatter. Con versing on the chance of the <l.ct:on, a challenge I to bet on the result arose between us. Mr Slatter I bet me £10 that air S ephens would be elected, which I accepted. ('He's won that at any rate.') He offered to bet rt.e another £10 on the san e event, wh'ch I declined • the money was posted. 7he understanding teas that the let sh-mld not be known, as it would prejudice our votes. No men tion was made-of its affecting the election, nor did I contemplate for a moment that it won'd, I felt there existed a perfectly honorable feeling I etween us"—a very mistaken notion. (Hear.) Bat now) comes the climax—■" This afternoon Mr S'atter voted for Mr Stephens. I have not voted.—John Laffjek." (" Shame." groans.) Here's purity of! election ! (Groans.) Here's an exhibition of'the spirit of protection to electors ! But they will not I no expose thenis lve« in future ; they're knocked1 down "by the Government Auctioneer, who has ' riis; osed of the lot. (Great laughter and cheers.) If they show their heads again here, t.hey will be I referred to this specimen of one of their ieadin? men—one specially esteemed by the electors of I Mount Barker (hear), and as report has it, almost ventured at one time to put up for this district, (Laughter.) That gentleman who is not only one of the most active of the party, but one of their I most eloquent and, I was going to add, "elegant" of their mouthpieces, (Great laugh to--.) Fy the statement I have read, it seems. I lost the vote of a ' friend, and if that one vote would have decided the | election, which it did not (cheers), Mr Stephens would have got it, But the party were in a mi nority. The vole recorded by Mr Slatter stan's recorded as an honest vote, and yet lie has the " honesty " to back out and object to the legality ' of the election, because he had put his name on the poll and Mr LafT'er did not. If any thing more were necessary to indicate the character of the feelings which actuate this party, this is one of the many instances. ("Why does he offer £200 for a child ?") I shall not notice the various epithets bestowed upon me and others by our unsuccessful opponent*. Poor fellows, let] them rest in peace. (Roars of laughter.) They cannot hut feel deeply aggrieved after their pre vious success to find their fond visions annihilated, and their hopes for the future discora fitted'. (Laughter and hear ) There is only one other sub ject I shall allude to in order-to show the character of the party, arid I only do so believing that the result of this election will guide all future ones, and especially those which will shortly take place. We must not f rget the borough Light. (Hear.) I cannot help alluding to that matter for it shows the feelings which actuate this | artv. Has not their boast, their clap-trap been, " the Independence and Purity of Election, Fn tection to the Working Classes, Universal Suffrage, and Vote by Ballot ? " You will allow me to ask how this cry is sustained by the offer of Captain Bagot to Sir StepheusonI his non-success with this constituency, to dispose of his borough of Light ? (Groans.) Is it con - sistent ? It is only made to deceive you, but I trust that it will no longer have any effec». (Hear.) I I ope th constituency of Light will recollect what has taken place when the colony is deprived of fhe valuable sevices of their proprietor Captain Bagot. I hope that the free electors of Light will not be handed over to find a person to supply what must be felt hy them to be an irreparabie loss—the ad vocacy of one holding such pure, such independent I sentiments. (Hear.) I hope they will not alios themselves to be ban- ed over from one genriemtn to another without it being diigned previously to I consult them on their proposed representative's po litical principles (Hear.) 1 will say no mere about those so faulty as the Leaguers. I congratu late you and the Government Auctioneer upon his having km eked them down and disposed o' them at their utmost value. ( We re perfectly well satis fied.) It was, " Gentlemen, there is no reserve on this occasion." They were put up at their value, anu I am sure that you cannot but agree that when they were knocked down they fetched as much as they were worth. (Laughter.) I take leave of them all in good parr, assured that neith -r you nor ether constituencies will have reason to, fear oppos tion in future from such a soure-. (Chens.) In thanking you egain for the high h mor you have conferred upon me, it is widi pride I declare on this occasion, as I have^on others, that so far as my humbe capacity will admit, my se - J vioes shall bo devoted to your interests (cheers), ! and to refer or oe more to the Government Auc tioneer. 'Although you have judged of his value, yet this high-minded and accomplished individual in a speech made to himself at the Exchange, un the evening of nomination, charged me with being guilty of ungentlemanly conduct, beeanse I took part in this contest. Docs he know yoH ? It ia clear thar he does not know roe—we are total;y at variance, and I flatter myself that I know some thing of gentlemanly demeanour. (Che. rs.) Have I not always identified myself with yon ? (Yes.) My intention is to continue to do so, notwithstand ing the sneer? of the Government Auctioneer, and when I do not exert myself to the best of my capa city on your behalf, tell me so, and you will see that I shall soon cease to trouble you with my ser vices. (Tremendous cheering.) I have one pleas ing duty more, it is to propose to you to give our unired thanks to our worthy Returning Officer for the impartial conduct he has displayed. (Cheers.) Mr John Baker, M.L.C., said it was with much pleasure that he seconded the motion. The Returning Officer returned thanks in a suitable addresr. and concluded with saying that lie hoped they would find in J. H. Fisher, Esq., all thev expected. (Cheers ) Mr Fisher proposed three cheers for the Queen, which the crowd responded to with the utmost enthusiasm. T. rce cheers were then called for the new mem ber, and Mr Fisher and his supporters left the balcony. The processing reformed, and a chair, tastefully-. decorated with laurel and other evergreens, having be. n set up in the leading barouche, Mr Fisher took his seat in it. In the carriage with him were his proposed ami seconder, and several of the mora • rominent members of his committee. The band s'ru'-k up a lively march, and the processionmoved on The row memb< r was loudly ch«uCiKthapgJi out his progress. The carriage was preceded by Messrs Radford and Breaker on horseback. ' The former attracted considerable notice by a rather theatrical exhibition of horsemanship; and the latter showed his enthusiasm in the cause by a pro fuse display of tprigs of laurel. His horse's head, his own, his hands and whip, were covered with the living emblem of victory. He carried a sprig in his mouth, and altogether looked the poetic il embodiment of a mild winter. There wag a third outrider who joined the cortege in Carrie-street. This gentleman wore for a head dress a lady's night-cap. and, as we supposed, represented the devotion of the fair sex to the canse ef Mr Fisher. The procession halted opposite Bishop Murphy's residence in West-terrace, and Mr Baker proposed three cheers for the Bishop, remarking that he was a gentleman without cant or hypocrisy. The pro position was accepted, and three boisterous hurrahs were given. Dr Murphy came to the carriage and shook hands with Mr F«her. The processson then returned through Currie-street, up Morphett-street, halting at all th« Commiitee-roouis and cheering, into North-terrace. It stopped opposite Dean Farrell's house, and a compliment was rendered similar to that which had been paid to Dr Murphy, the proposer in this instance being Mr M'Ellister. The rev. gentleman returned thanks, and congra tulated the electors on their choice. Mr Fisher was thenaconveyed to his home. As he descended from his carriage, he again thanked the electors, and promised that his performances should testify to them the sincerity of his gratitude. The,pro cessus then returned to the chief committee-room, and soon after broke up. ' t 