OLD CORIO. We may boast of the advance of' knowledge, but reason comes on very slowly with the vanguard of human progression. Ghosts,apparitions,wraiths, and seers, are presumed not to emi grate, and superstition, it is said, has never been spoken south of the Line. But, whilst. we have been fondly per suading ourselves that common sense has been flourishing at this,---our anti podes,-our experience demonstrates, that if we have no belief in second sight, we have been very oblivious of present political wants, and put strong faith in possibilities, without calculating chances or possibility. We are not superstitious individually, but politically, and rest in fervent faith that salvation will come, we know not whence, nor trouble our selves to enquire where. The old Gee longite clings to old illusions, cherished despite of your experience, and main tains in the talk of opposition, that his interests are an integral part and parcel of the well-being of Victoria; that he has equal rights and immunities with the denizens of Melbourne, and that Geelong is an integral portion of Vic toria. To this faith he clings like barnacles to a ship's bottom. Old Corio will not admit that he is an used thing-the. least allusion to that fires his dignity; he will admit that he pays huge sums to Melbourne, for which he receives nothing in return, but he insists at the same tim'e, that it is not a tribute paid, but a sum appropriated to the maintainance of a system, which he cannot remedy, but inwardly curses. The old gentleman falls back upon his impotency, says that Melbourne pockets all, and, with that con fession hobbles along like a crutched cripple, and prattles of pro gression. He looks to Melbourne as the Mohammedan looks to Mecca, and is content to turn his face thitherward, and pray for redemption. Foolish, fatuitous old gentleman; he forgets that the age of miracles is past, that the new Nazareth must be of our own creation, that saring comes after suffering, whe ther political or moral, and that although the preface John has not come, the Work may be in progress, and the Word spoken. It is fine fun to draw out Old Corio, and make him give chief evidence against himself, in proof that he is an inferior animal in the political creation of Vic toria. The more he protests, the more the facts are against him. His misery, under the infliction, is as delicious to witness as the skinning of live eels, and much resembling it, in contortions, twistings and agony, under the opera tions of a Melbourne cook, and so help less withal, that the comparison is perfect in every respect, sauce and all, Cole included. After the old gentleman had con cluded an eulogy the other evening on the advantageous geographical position of Geelong, and the public spirit of her inhabitants, and the future prospects of the place, to which we listened atten tively and admiringly, wondering, at the same time, at his strange fatuity, we took advantage of a pause in his loqua city, and said, alluding to the topics of his observations "You were far better off then, Mr. Corio, under the Sydney rule, than you are under Melbourne domination, in spite of your illuminations, tar barrels, transparencies, bonfires, squibs, and processions. and declarations of joy for deliverance from a distant yoke, forget ful of a worse one, closer at your elbow." Old Corio fidgetted about, and im patiently interjected something to the effect that the future could not be forseen. "You paid a great deal into the Sydney Treasury--did you not ?" -*No doubt of that! No doubt of that! Sydney impoverished us, by withdraw ing our funds. We were right to de mrnand separation, and we got it. My word ! we did so." "And you are paying large sums into L the Melbourne Treasury now, every month you are paying, and what have you got to show for the payment, except a few title deeds, a jail half finished, a drab colored gallows, staringly erected in front of the Bay, a lilliputian police office, too circumscribed for ordinary business, and therefore used as a Court of Sessions, and foisted upon us because of its diminutive proportions, as a Supreme Cnurt for a little people, and lesser interests; a rented sub-treasury- in a vacated pill manufactory, ample enough to transact the public business of Geelong and the Western District. thcugh not sufficiently capacious to prepare a tincture, draw a decayed tooth, or compound a dose of salts and senna; and a government post office in a private house, where the Melbourne government figures as a lodger, and the postal department is about the size of a child's toy box, ora Noah's ark, price two-and-sixpence, and this is the com mercial capital, Mr. Corio--ah !" "Why, yes, ah! The truth is, we have no public buildings; and in truth, very little government expenditure, but--" "Of course it's made up in some other way. No doubt amongst the intelli gence or Geelong, many of the inhabi tants of the commercial capital, during the late profuse patronage exercised by the Melbourne government, have re ceived honorable appointments, lucrative posts, and have been advanced to situ ations of trust." " Can't say," replies. old Corio, "don't remember a single case where an inhabitant of Geelong has been offered a billet in any of the departments established here, or elsewhere." " Indeed, that speaks volumes for your intelligence and your interests; both must be held considerably below par by the Melbourne government." " May be so," says the old gentle man, "but it's a fact--can't explain it -often thought of it though-but look at our position, what geographical ad vantages it gives us? " Splendid! but which ought to be taken advantage of-not sacrificed-a people that submits to injury; who are content to be drained of their resources, and tamely, like asses, forego hardusage for the sake of mere forage, are un worthy the herbage. It is a burning shame to a people, to sacrifice a portion marked out by God's own hand, to be- i come second fiddler to Melbourne, and pay the piper into the bargain." " We know that," says old Corio earnestly, "and feel it more deeply every day." "Look at the state of your streets." "That's the fault of the Corporation, and the Corporation has got no funds, or credit." " Look at your roads." "That's the fault of the Govern ment." " And your bridges." " Why we've got none," snappishly replies the old man, " they've been all washed away. What's the use o' talking about them --except you want to annoy "Pardon, old gentleman. don't get irritated: what do you get trom 3Mel bourne for all the thousands you pay to her government ? " Get," says the old man, lifting his crutch, and slapping it upon the table. " Not that! as I'm a sinner, and hope to be saved." And just what you deserve, for a poor harmless, spiritless set,--a regular lot of negatives.-no public buildings, no l government highways, no nothing. It's plain as pike staff, that you've hardly advanced beyond the Aboriginal state, and should you escape the Cenvict's Prevention Act, which your conduct I ought to bring you under the operation of, but which Melbourne clemency may possibly relieve you from; fifty to one, but Captain Cole stops your mails from Shortland's Bluff, for he knorws that you're not fit to be trusted with an original Mail Bag, so they're all to be sent on to Melbourne and examined; and the Pilots at Queenseliff are to be sworn before the Chamber of Commerce in Melbourne, to take Geelong vessels into Hobson's Bay. where the manifests are to be overhauled, cargo examined, and, when Melbourne has helped itself, Geelong may have the rest, paying lighterage. "I'll tell you what it is, youngster. if Melbourne interferes with our Mails, and encourages the Pilots to insubordi nation"-and here the old.gentleman flourished his crutch, " we'll" "But the Pilots are to be indemnified by act of Council." " T don't care, said the old man, testily, we'll " "Put a man in the Market Square. with a little deal table before him, and an inkstand, and a sheet or two of foolscap to collect autographs of people silly as himself. to be rolled up, sent as a petition to Melbourne. praying that the Honorable House will not allow the important interests of Geelong to be imperilled by an " Old Salt," living on the Yarra Yarra, and be laughed at for your pains." "Nothing of the sort, Sir," says old Corio. " right's right, all the world over, and if we can't get fair justice after all that we've paid, and get no credit for injuries quietly submitted to, cripple as I am, I'll be the first man to shout, 'Let go the Painter,' and shoulder my crutch in the first rank." " Humrr! "old Passwity," you're touehsd to the quick there. but it's no use to give a spasmodic twitch, and call it public spirit, when it's only a tran sient sentiment, felt a thousand times, but never deeply enoueh to evoke a principle of action. The Melbourne probe must penetrate deeper yet, and o,nce within the gripe of centralisation, poor malefactor, the Lord have mercy upon your soul. for the Melbourne Government will have none upon your purse. " But we'll claim the disposal of our own monies" "You can't, the money is in trust, and in a contest with M;Melbourne there is no chance-her Goliah front is proof against pebbles of truth, slung by our little : Davids." " We'll insist upon expending our own monies, and have Separation." "'?onsense! man. tRemove Geelong to the sacred waters of the Yarra, and petition to be received within her bound arvo. " By the bye, how is the Dredge ? report says, that at every stroke of the buckets it drags its anchor, and goes perriwinkle digging." "Dont know." said the old man, taking up his hat, and slapping the crown of it defiantly, "you've been tryinggto take me out of winding, and no doubt fancy yourself very clever, in irri tating one old enough to be tour father, upon subjects it would be your duty to ameliorate, instead of making a joke of, and putting in ridiculous lights, to raise an ill-natured laugh. You work for Geelong as long, and heartily. as an old chum bhas done, and the rising gene ration, when you arrive at my age. if they have a little more manners than you have, which is to be hoped. will not reproach you for doing nothing in your day." "A thousand pardons. Mr. Corio-no offence meant--sit down. What is it to be ? Brandy, hot ! Mary, for , fr. Corio-with! or without ?-and sugar, Mary. You'll find that first-rate." " Well." said Mir. Corio, smacking his lips, " after all you're not far wrong, and I'm surprisd mysclf, sometimes, to think how quietly we take it. I say, when the time comes-- let go the painter,' eh! that's the word." ";J WlWord!"' 