ELECTRO-BIOLOGY. To the Editor of the Empire. Si«-There are Tories in literature and science, as well as in politics. Your correspondent, K. K., evidently belongs to tho former class of per- sons. He ranks- with those who see heresy in everything that is new, and imposture in all that is wonderful. Assuredly he- must have been affected with functional derangement' of his cerebro-spinal axis, at tho time he penned his celebrated epistle ; for, according to his own statement, the mind of a person so affected is very easily excited, and his letter exhibits un- mistakable marks of strong excitement. ' K. K. is in a rage with all things that are not stamped with tho prestige of antiquity. He hates all novelties.. He regards phrenology as an abomination ; Egyptian magic, as a course and stupid¡fraud; homoeopathy,as a fantastic delusion: and mesmerism as more abominable than all other abominations. His wrath is not confined to arts and sciences.. He levels it at places. Ac- cording to him, Edinburgh is peopled by copying fools; and cakes and cock-a- leekie, are detestable. To see a Scotchman is to witness tho exhibition of a plagiarist. Germany is even worse than Edinburgh. Scotland only imports philosophical heresies, but Germany invents them. We ques- tion whether our critic would acknowledge that there was any acidity in sourkrout, or any ele- ment of muscle in brose and butter. Nor do persons of world-wide reputation escape the lash of this wrathful censor. Werner, who taught much truth mingled with some error, was a crazy enthusiast ; Reichenbach,. the patient explorer of nature, and the discoverer of creosote, was little better than a visionary ; and Gregory, the hard student, has forgotten his "ancestral renown," and is so desirous of obtaining "ephemeral noto- riety," that in order to gain such an invaluable blessing, he is willing to sacrifice his honour as a man and his- " perennial fame" as a philosopher. Now, sir, a man who thus asperses persons and places has no right to complain of anything that may happen to be said on the score of his own qualifications for universal censorship. Surely, if a man denounces a very large portion of his race as either fools or impostors, we have a right to demand a display of uncommon ability on his part, before- we consider him competent to fulminate such sweeping anathemas. Has K. K. exhibited any symptoms of great intellectual power ? Is he competent to pronounce a judg- ment on mesmerism ? We unhesitatingly reply he is not ; and in proof of our statement, we shall appeal to his letter. All the knowledge we pos- sess respecting, his intellectual grasp is derived from his published lucubrations. To these we shall confine our remarks. At the outset, however, we are met by a difficulty sufficient to appal even a stupid be liever in mesmerism ; and that difficulty, is, the apparent want of aim in K. K.'s production. We scarcely know what the purport of his epistle is. He commences with a long account of an Egyptian imposture-, affirma that that imposture was de- tected and exposed, and then broadly and boldly declares, that thore is a beautifully perfect parallelism between tho aforesaid imposture and the ntosmerio phenomoua exhibited at the School of Arts. If tho latter part of this statement be true-if tho exhibition ab tho School of Arts ought to bo classed in the same antegory ns thc exhibition at Grand Cairo-it follows that the exhibition nt tho Sahool of Arts was an impos- ture, ns well as the cogunto exhibition in Egypt. Unless this bo admitted, theijo cannot bo any " beim ti ful and perfect parallelism'' between the two cases. It one of theso- was genuino and tho other was not, they were tho opposites,of each other, and ought "not to be classed iu the samo category. If bot hi were true, or if both were false, a parallelism, might bo established: he . tween them; but, if one was true and tbs other false, the establishment of such, a parsdlolism would be morally impossible. As K. K.. afllrms the existence of this, perfect parallelism, we arc bound to believe, that he regards tho exhibition at tho School ot'. Arts aa au Impostura ;: or, if he does not regard it as an imposture,, that his language has no menning ut all. Adopting the former alternative, we may consider him so far consistent ; and had he stayed his critical career at that point, wo should havo had little to say on the subject. Hut a little further-on, ho employs languago which clearly implies, that the exhibi- tion at tho School of Arts was not au imposture, but a real exhibition of real phenomena. There is nothing now, ho affirms* in theso phenomena nothing that outrages ordinary philosophy* "Simple mental abstraction will..., cxpUln much ; being placed in the pillory ot .the School of Arts, moro;" nnd then simple mentalalutraa. lion (for the Q&V;> of .Adam Smith is % ease of ab- straction), MUI m\ti «implo DMHUÍ »batraotioii in explaining (lie remainder. Thusan exhibition wldeli ought to be classed along with a conrso mid clumsy imposture, can be explained upon . well known principios ; and unreal phenomena simulated for a purpose, are real ami "ns old ns Ilia hills." Here is a display of reasoning power with a vengeance. This is Bargo Brush phi liJFopby. Thcso nro the effusions ofthat master intellect, who, in the exuberance of his intelîee I uni riches, looks down with contempt upon Ikciclicuhnch and sneers nt Gregory. Wo shall now direct the reader's attention to another point, viz., K. K.'s knowledge of tho subject of which he writes. Has ho any sound practical knowledge of mesmerism? lias ho ever performed a single mesmeric experiment ? Did he over ask nature whether mesmerism was a truth or a falsehood ? His published thoughts furnish a reply in the nogatiro to every one of these inquiries. Macdler, of Borpat, is said f0 have wrought out a grand problem respecting the ¡revolutions of the universe, and Bessel of Prussia, is reported to hnvo taken the parallax of one of the fixed stars. I nm not com« petent to criticise either of these sublime efforts of tho human mind. Would it not be nonsense und presumptuous folly in me to attempt thc performance of such n task ? Equolly foolish is tho conduct of those who prate against mes nicrism, and, all the while, aro profoundly H>01 rant even of tho most ordinary mesmeric phe^ nomena. The lawyer must study law before he cnn become qualified to decide on an interpreta- tion of Blackstone; the doctor must make him- self acquainted with anatomy, and physiology" and many other things, before be can properly prescribe for disease; the mathematician must study; the chemist experiment; nnd the divine read ; before they cnn bc regarded ns competent authorities in their respective departments But the nnti-nicamerie critic is ready made. The pains and pennlties-ofknowledge nre suspended m his case. lie springs into active mid vigorous existence at a bound. Nature flings him on the surface of society, armed cup-n-pce, and pantin» for the conflict. Practical knowledge, so nccesl gory to ali other men who write properly on other subjects, is totally unnecessary to him, be- cause I lie- vastness of his genius makes up for any deficieney in his information. I IC. K.'s philosophy ia just that kind of philo I sophy which might be expected from a writer ! who undertakes to explain a subject which ha does not understand. Ile affirms that the pheno- mena exhibited at tho School ol' Arts aro not now. This we must confess is a delectable bit of truth, and, withal, a very profound discovery. They aro not new-they are as old as the human race. BuE U tihut any reason why they should be scouted ns delusions and impostures. The phe- nomena of chemistry, electricity, and geolon-y were not new even- at the timo they were disco- vered. There is nothing new utider the sun except K. K.'s reasoning ; and certainly (lint is as now ns it ÍB startling. The novelty of any scientific fact is purely relative. What possibl'o connection can there bc between, the genuineness of a phenomenon, and the novelty of its appear ance? If wo ure to reject all phenomena that are not new, our knowledge will become "lino by degrees, and beautifully less," nntil it ceases ol to gether. The phenomena exhibited at the School of Arts were not now, but " as old as tho hills;" therefore, they are to be classed with detected impostures, nnd share the fate of Arabian jugglery. Simple mental abstraction will explain much ! What? To explain itself will form n nice little tnsk for it. Assuredly it will nob explain tho phenomena of mesmerism. But what is meant by the phrase " simple mental abstraction ?'' Does it signify that state of mind which consists in the concentration of one or more-of thc aetive powers on one object to the exclusion of all others? or docs it mean that state of mind which consists in perfect quiescence of all faculties? i or docs it denote- that state of mind called, by I the not very understandable name-brown- study'? If it mee ns any of these thing«) then (lo j wo broadly affirm,, and- bola ourselves in readiness to prove, that it will not explain the phenomena of mesmerism. Will it explain the attraction, of" any part of the body, or that of the.whole person,, when the eye- lids aro firmly closed,'.tho attracted party in the mesmeric state, and thc attractive pastes made without the patient's knowledge T Wilt ii. ex- plain that peculiar-community of thought, pas- sion, and sensation/ which' in certain cases be cornea established between the patient and mesmeriser? Will it show how-the amputation of a limb can be performed without pain,, while the patient is unilei-. inesnieric influense ? Will lt explain those curious associations of ideas with tactual impressions on. pantkuJatv ports of the body, which often.produco tho most beautiful (or horrible) dreams nt. tho will of the mesmgrist ? Will it HIIOW how the- rigidity of' muscle can be produced by mesmerio-passis ?.' Will it show how that rigidity cniube removed by. converse mani pulations ? Will it show bow ohildrcnioud deli- cate females can. Mt. for. hours together in a posture, tho sustainment of which» even for a quarter of the time, would exceed tho poner of the must muscular men while in, their ordinary state? These are the most ordinary phenomena of mesmerism, and yet-simple mental abstraction will explain none of. thenu "Being placed in.the pillory/afr the School of Arts will explain more.!'' The notion meant to be conveyed by thisphraseology is not confined to tho sensorium of K..IC Pt is entertained by many persons of more oa- less note.. It is, not- withstanding,- the very-reverso-of the truth. No- thing tends to disturb mesmeric experiments more than tho noise and! excitement of it public assembly. The nseof lion of K.. K.s therefore, is a manifest proof of his nou-aoqunintance with the subject. The story of- Adata Smith's rmitotion9< of Bendluism we pass by.. Itt is. higMy interesting, both in a literary, nail philosophical point of view, but has no.connection with mesmerism. If Adam Smith, in a fit of abstraction! iavoluntarily imi- tated the notions of. another,, that is noproof that mesmerised.persona-act in. ti precisely similar way , nnd under a. precisely similar influenae. The minds of mesmerised, persons are not abstracted in thia way at all during: the performance, of mesmeric experiments, and'therefore the story has '] no relation topham.. Equally futile is K. K.*s dissertation on tho by« posnsy of Osman Effendi and his rascally con-, federute. Wore it not for tho mesmeric tail-piece, attached, this dissertation might have stood as e., respectable-piece of literary orilicism. Thc tail:, piece, however* spoils the beauty of the whole« Osman Effendi ivud hh compeer wero doubtless, consummate blackguards. We are not patrous.of' their asfe. We- abominate it. We make no pre- tensions to-it. .We never loid-a-ghost in- th»-HW* Sea; and, what is better, wo never saw oap« We never suckled, a black cat, nor were we .over weighed, against ibo Church Bible. Wo. must confess, that wo have ridden on a broomstick,, nut; thou wo must plead in extenuation,' that one-ojiili of it was.' ia the ground, and that the. guilt of this little bit of sorcery ia. charge- able on our boyhood. Wo oro not v*ry. old, ana far from being uncommonly ugly $at least in oar 'own estimation), and therefore we.baye-none of the distinguishing marks of a wizard about us. i Wo do. not, therefore, feel called on, hy ajiv. kind of party feeling, to defend either, Osman, Effendi '. or any of his uial- practices. Osman was. a rene ; gado Scotchmau, so we abandon li i in to tho tender ' mercies of K. K. But in i(ho name ot nil that is wonderful, what has this. long story to do wiln ? mesmerism ? Whero is tho " beautiful and per- fect parallelism" between tho coso of a man, wno preleuds to soe distant persons andi, places in an ink bottle, and tho case of a maa who hus his leg j cut off, or his eyes sealed up, or liunrm rendered i rigid, whilo under mesmeric, iu&ucnce; ? If either j K. K., or Mr. Holroyd, con distinguish a porfect ; parallelism betvzoen such dissimilar thing*, they must bo bleasad with visual powers abnormally acute. We hasten, to the ooaeluding paragraph of X. K's. lott«. It is.the richest nnd most spicyjp»", of tho whole.' Tho writer covertly attributes mcsminjio- phenomena to tho influenco of «jo _ imagination. Wo understand him to mean this , from the loot of his having classed "the .sensitives, ulong with th,e- imaginativos." With, him, as with (, many others, imagination does ovwything. Ima-. . gination appears to be a mosV laborious n8en)tj -, and plays off roany sorry jokeaupon us. Should... we oat heartily ot' underdone pork, imogination is .,, tho oausàof our midnight howora ; and shouia \ wo go to bud suppertiss, vnAn^inathjn, spread.* Wi foro tho* oyo bf our mind, massive nnd savory beefsteak pies, seasoned with all possible culinary condiments. Let a »vornan bc unable to open lier limul, iii consequence of somo unknown obstruc- tion to volitionnry influence, und straightway, Marshall Hall charges the imagination «¡Iii thu deed. Let tho samo icomiin bo excited to despatch through the ciistomnry nervous chnuucls à voli- tionnry impulso sufficiently strong to overcome tho obstruction, mid tho imagination will again bo'called in, if not to eat its own words, at least to- destroy its own work. Should ft man fancy that his 'head is n steam-boiler, nud his thighs modo of glass-that his noso is a teapot spout, nnd that ho has got a cobbler at work in his ab- dominal viscera, every ono lays tho guilt of theso horrid fancies on tho Shoulders of imagination. And when the same man gets cured, it is still tho same bustling agent that restores him to convalescence.' Imagination, Uko whiskey, cools us when we are warm, and warms us when we aro cold, regulates our nightly visions and our waking dreams, explains everything that is strange and wonderful, and acts us a regular drudge to modern philosophy. Kow, Sir, we maintain that this is a scandalously ill used faculty. It bears the burdens of all our mental monstrosities and aberrations. It is a burning shume to load it with such ponderous burdens. And-but ima- gination pinches our elbow, and ossurcB us that any further pourtrayal of its miserable fate would affect it with melancholy. Wo mesmerists reject the imaginative hypo- thesis, because it will not account for tho pheno- mena of our science. Imagination is, undoubt- edly, ns notive in tho mesmeric state, ns it is in the normal. The sceptic is quito welcome to this admission. Instead, however, of being fa- vourable, it is rather unfavourable, especially when it is accompanied by fear, and produces j much excitement. .In fine, we want a correct theory of mesmerism, nnd it is fur better to wait until such a theory can be drawn from observed facts, than to be constantly framing absurd and i impossible hypotheses out of our' imagination. __.? _ esr 1 