DIOCESAN ASSMBLt.— SECOND DAY. Friday, 3Ut December. The Assembly met : at half-past 10 o'clock. Pres nt— the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, most of the Clergy and Lay representatives who attended on the previous day, and also the Rev. James Pollitt. of Koorinra. and the i.ev. John Watson, of St. Matthew's, Kensington. The Rev. Mr. Coomb3 opened the proceedings with prayer. APPOINTMENT OF A PAID SECRETARY. The Dean of Adelaide moved, pursuant to notice, that a paid officer be appointed to act as Secretary to the Standing Committee, and general agent to the Society. He felt that, in order tf- carry out their objects efficiently, far more exer tion would be requisite than could fairly be expected from an Honorary Secretary ; and he felt also that the necessary payment would not in effect, deteriorate from their funds, as the efforts of an active agent would tend, in a far greater degree 'o swell the subscription list. Although his present motion went only to the creation of the otb'ce, he would mention that the person who had occurred to him, as most competent to discharge its duties, was the Rev. Mr. Woodcock (applause). The dudes would be very onerous, as they would include, in a great degree, those of a mis sionary, as well as general agent to the six: ety. The Secre tary must, in fact, form their executive. The immediate salary he thought of proposing was £50 a year, to cover the necessary expenses of a horse ; but as the duties of Secretary would take up a great portion of the officer's time, it would be requisite, in justice to his congregation, to provide him with an assistant clergyman. He should, therefore, propose, as s ;on as an assistant could be procured, to raise the Secretary's salary to £20U a year, which would allow £150 for his Curate. He might here remark that the services of an additional minister would be among the most important benefits the appointment of a paid Secretary would confer upon the Church ; for many of the villages lying to the northward of Adelaide, and forming portiouB of the district of North Adelaide, were attended to, at present very inadequately. The same was the case with those attached to the district of Trinity Clmrch, to which he anti cipated, ere long, the appointment of an assistant minister by other means. He was aware that the sum of £200 might at first appear rather lar^e ; but it must be borne in mind that it would secure the double advantage of increased clerical agency in places where it was much wanted, and the services of an active officer, through whom the Society's means would be increased in a far greater proportion than the attendant outlay. The Rev. gentleman concluded by moving — ' That a paid Secretary to the Standing Com mittee be appointed, to have a seat ez,officio, but no vote, unless an elected member of that Committee.' Dr. Duncan had much pleasure in seconding the motion. He thought the appointment would be exceedingly useful, and he knew of no person more competent to fill it than Mr. Woodcock. Mr. MacDermctt. concurred. He hoped that, through the agency of a paid Secretary, Branch Societies would be organised throughout the diocese. Mr. Wicksteed approved of the appointment of a paid Secretary, but doubted the propriety of paying, so large a sum as £200 a year (especially as they had only £270 in hand), unless to some person whose entire time could be devoted to the duties of the office, which might then in clude the performance of divine service in some country districts. The Dean of Adelaide observed that the present motion did not extend to the salary, nor to the person. It was simply that a paid Secretary be appoiuted. It was no doubt desirable that his whole time should be devoted to the duties of his office ; but he knew of no clergyman at present who would be able to accept it upon such conditions. He felt, therefore, that the object would ba best attained by their appointing Mr. Woodcock (whom he considered the most suitable person), and granting him an assistant clergyman,, in order to leave him as much as possible at liberty to attend to the business of the Society. The motion was then put and carried unanimously. Mr. Wicksteed moved that the amount of salary be con sidered before the election of any individual to the office of Secretary. Seconded by the Rev. Mr. Schoales, and carried. Mr. Wicksteed said he did not object to the rate of pay ment the Dean had proposed, but he could not think it wise .to vote away so large a sum as £200 at once, when they had only £270 in hand. Perhaps they might fix the salary at £4 per month for the present, and arrange for its increase to £16 on the engagement of an assistant clergyman. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw would prefer voting £50 per an num for the present salary, an I leave the appointment of an assistant an open question. The Rev. Mr. Watson agreed. They were not likely at present to have the money to spare, nor to find a suitable person for the office of assistant minister. The Lord Bishop observed that a second clergyman was even more wanted it Trinity than at Christ Church; but the requirements of the distant districts were more urgent than those of Adelaide. The extreme north and the south east,, though thickly peopled, were at present wholly desti tute; and the north-east would shortly need attention, as the opening of the navigation of the Murray would no doubt increase the number of settlers. It certainly seemed to hi » rather inappropriate, when they were establishing a Pas toral Aid Fund for the benefit cliiefly of the outer districts, to begin by voting away £150 a-year for an extra clergyman in Adelaide. He would rather recommend a erant of £50 » year to cover travelling expenses, with power to thfe Standing Committee to extend it if necessary to £100. I The Dean of Adelaide observed tbat, much as he desired the appointment of an additional clergyman, that was not ie main object of his suggestion. He expected that Mr. Woodcock's services would materially increase (he funds of. the Society ; and those services could not ba secured unless, in justice to the congregation of Christ Church, an assistant irinister were engaged. He might further observe that it would be useless for Mr. Woodcock, or for His Lordship, to write home for a minister, unless the salary of £150 could, be positively promised. . His Lordship remarked that they were proceeding rather irregularly. Several questions were under discussion to gether, and no motion was before them. Dr. Duncan moved — ' ?VThat the salary of the Secretary be £50 per annum for the present j and that the Standing Committee be instructed to advance it to £200 on the arrival of an assistant clergy man.' r Seconded by Mr. H. Gilbert. ; The Rev. Mr. Woodcock felt himself . placed in a pecu liarly delicate position, but still thought it necesBary to offer a few remarks. He fully appreciated the kind ' remarks that had been made with reference to himself, and should feel it an honour to be iu any way engaged in carrying out the objects of the Assembly. When first the Dean sug gested the subject of the appointment of a Clerical Secretary at a salary of £200, he thought it far too much-; but when it was explained that it was intended with a part of that sum to secure the services of an additional clergyman, a great part of his objection was removed. He must say, however, that he did not think the duties of the Secretary would at present be so onerous as to. make such additional assistance indispensable. He should be happy therefore to perform the duties of the office without any salary, if he were only provided with a horse. That would enable him to save the time he now spent upon foot, and would place him in a position to do all that wan requisite as Secretary without so materially interfering with his duties to his con gregation as to render an assistant necessary. Mr. Wicksteed moved, as an amendment — ' That the Secretary be paid £50 per annum and his ex penses; and that power be given to the Standing Com mittee to increase the salary to a sum not exceeding £200 per annum.' Seconded by Mr. Roberts. The Dean of Adelaide and Major O'Halloran supported the original motion. The Rev. Mr. Nagshaw moved another amendment, viz. — 'That the Secretary's salary be £75 per annum.' Seconded by the Rev. E. Burnett. The Lord Bishop put the hist amendment, which was lost by 9 against 8. Mr. Wicksteed's amendment was then put. The votes were i tor ana 7 against. The Lord Bishop gave his casting vote in its favour, and it was carried accordingly. The members then proceeded to ballot for a paid Secre tary, and the Rev. Mr. Woodcock was unanimously elected. The Rev. gentleman acknowledged the appointment as a high honour, and .assured the. members of his earnest endeavours, in dependence upon God's grace, to justify the good opinion they had formed of him. RULfcS AND REGULATIONS FOR THE STANDING COMMITTEE. The Lord Kshop read the Report of the Sub- Committee, containing the following suggestions : — ' 1. That the Standing Committee, as appointed by the Diocesan Assembly, shall consist of seven Clergymen, and fourteen Laymenr including the Treasurers andfa Secre tary, the Lord Bishop being President. In the absence of the Bishop, the meeting shall elect its own Chairman. Two Clerg/menand four Layraea. to coaBtHuttt a quorum; and the Chairman to have one vote.' ' ' '2. That each member of Committee shall, before en tering upon his office, sign, in the Minute Book, a declara tion in the following form :— ' I, A. B., do deefcan that I j will faithfully and duly execute the office of member of the j Diocesan SuudingCbtHniittoe to the be«t-)f my ability.' ' 3. That the Committeenhati-meet monthly, or oftener, ', if necessary, on a requisition from the President or three members of the Committee, for the transaction of busi ness. - ?'4. That the duties of the Standing Committee shall be to execute the decisions and carry out the instructions of the Oiocesan Assembly during the recesw, and to administer its various funds. ? '5. That the Secre! ary conduct the correspondence of the Committee, take minutes cf the proceedings of its meetings, and labour by all means in his power to promote the great objects of the Diocesau Assembly. ' 6. That a minute of the Treasurers, showing the state of the funds, together with the liabilities and engagements of the Committee, shall be laid before each monthly meeting. ' 7. That no moneys shall, in any case, be voted beyond the unappropriated funds in hand;- and no payments shall be made by the Treasurers, except on a warrant to be signed, in Committee, by the Chairman, Secretary, and one member of the meeting. ' 8. That the annual accounts of the various funds be closed on the 31st December, and that the same be audited within one month from that time. ' 9. That the Committee shall prepare an annual report of its proceedings, to be submitted, through the Bishop, to the Diocesan Assembly. '10. That the Committee be authorised to make by laws in accordance with the above rules. . 'JAMES FARRELL, . . ' ' 'Chairman.' Received and adopted. ''?,..- DISTRICTS AND MISSIONARIES. .... ^/ The Lord Bishop read the Report of the Sub-Committee, containing the following recommendations :— ... ' Districts.. ' 1. That the portion of the . Diocese of Adelaide, com prised in the province of South Australia, be divided into Districts — Parochial and Missionary. ???-.'. ' 2. Parochial Districts to be of limited extent, having settled Ministers, and represented in the Diocesan As sembly. ' 3. Missionary Districts to embrace tracts of country containing a scattered population, among whom an itine rating minister shall be established. ? ?? ? . ' 4. Parochial Districts to be constituted and subdivided by the Diocesan Assembly, upon application of a number of inhabitants, through the Bishop, according to rules here after to be determined on. ? ?' 5. Districts to be subdivided by the Assembly. '6. Every District to be accurately defined, and to have a distinctive appellation. ''...'... 'Missionaries. ? . '7. Missionaries to be appointed ^and, licensed by the Bishop, to whom they must De subject as the Parochial Clergy. ' '. 11 8. They must not interfere with the duties of Parochial Ministers. . . ' '9. Must be required to keep a journal, shewing the number of places visited and services performed ; a copy of which shall be transmitted to the Bishop quarterly, to be afterwards laid on the table of the Co.ntnittee room of the Diocesan Assembly. ? '? ' 10. That it be recommended to the Missionaries- * 4 1. That they always keep in view the great design of their undertaking, viz. :— To promote the glory of Almighty God and the salvation of man, by propagating the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour. . . . ' 2. That in their outward behaviour they be circumspect and unblameable, giving no offence either iu word or deed, that their ordinary discourse' ba grave and edifying-; that their apparel be decent and proper for clergymen, and that in their whole conversation they be instances and patterns of the Christian life. '3. That in whatever family or house they shall lodge, they persuade the inmates; to join .with, them in daily prayer. ? ? ? ; - - ? ? ' ? ' 1 4. That they be not over nice aboat meats and drinks, noc immoderately careful about their .entertainment in the places where they sojourn, but contented with what health requires and the place affords.' ' ? Received and adoDted. APPOINTMENT OF MISSIONARIES. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock rose to bring forward a motion which he was sure would require no recommendation from him. It was for the appointment of two missionaries— one for the north, and the other for the south. He knew that this important subject had long engaged the attention of the Bishop and of all who took an i.iterestin the welfare of the church ; and hitherto, the only difficulty had arisen from the want of funds. He believed, however, that the very fact of Missionaries being appointed to the outer dis tricts would induce many to. subscribe who had not as yet done so, and many ?others to increase their contributions; so that the actual butlay would be less than it might at first appear. The rev. gentleman concluded by moving— 'That His Lordship be requested to place himself in communication with the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, for the purpose of obtaining the services of two zealous and devout men for the important work of mis sionaries.' Mr. Stocks seconded the motion. He could speak from his personal -knowledge to the great want of missionary as sistance in tho norjh; .'.V.:.. The Lord Bishop thought the seeding of missionaries into the distant districts the most appropriate work tor tne Society's first effort: - .-.,.?? ' The motion was carried unanimously. ' Mr. MacDermott moved — j ' That the salary of each missionary be £200 per annum, with £25 for horse allowance.' ? ,,-,'..,. The Lord Bishop vemarked, th'at while 'the Leigh fund would be charged with 'assisting in tlieere^rttotf.ofCnurtjhes and Parsonages, it was understood1 to be the 'intention of the DiocoFau Assembly to take upon itself the entire charge of the living, agency ; if would be necessary, therefore, for it to husband its means. It would require £20 - a-year to keep up each stated clergyman's salary to the minimum amount of £150, and they had voted £50 for the Secretary. He thought, under all circumstances, that' £200 a-year each to the proposed missionaries would be sufficient as a covering salary. Major O'Halloran observed, with regard to the expense, that it was not likely to fall entirely upon the funds of the Assembly, as no doubt something would be raised in the districts to which the missionaries would be sent. His Lordship agreed: Mn: Seymour and Mr. Jones, in the south-east, had promised to raise £100 a year. After some conversation the motion was seco.idedby Mr. Stocks, and passed in the following form — ' That in the opinion of this meeting the salary of each missionary should be £200 per annum.' DAYS OF MEETING. The Dean of Adelaide moved — . 'That the present days of meeting. having been found inconvenient,. the election of . representatives.. take. place henceforth im Easter week in each year; and that the an nual meeting of the Diocesan Assembly be held within 21 days after snch election ; and that the rules be altered to meet the change. Seconded by Mr Stocks, and carried. RETURN OF REPRESENTATIVES. The Dean of Adelaide moved— : 'That the return of representatives be made within seven instead of fourteen days ; and that ' rule -Noi 4 be altered accordingly.' Seconded by Mr. Wicksteed, and carried. APPOINTMENT OF TREASURERS. The Lord Bishop expressed the high sense entertained by the Assembly of the valuable services, of Messrs. MacDer mott and Wicksteed as treasurers (applause). He sug gested that if they would again accept the office they should be reappointed. CurieA bv acclamation. MR. GLADSTONE'S COLONIAL CHURCH BILL. The- Rev. Mr. Bagshaw was anxious to call attention to he amended Bill introduced into the House of Commons by At. Gladssone, on the 25th June, 1852, 15 and 16 Victoria, ntituledf 'A Bill to explain and amend *he Laws relating o the Churches in Ihe Colonies.' They were no doubt iware that the Bill had baen withdrawn, for the purpose of he opinions of the colonists being taken; and that it was ntended to be re- introduced. during .the next Session. A sopy had been forwarded by Mr. Gladstone to the Bishop, ind it would certainly be ouly courteous, both to that gen ieraan and to the House of Commons, for the Assembly to akeits provisions into consideration, the more especially as ;!ie proceedings in this and the neighbouring colonies had ilready, as might be seen from the published speech of Sir Fohu Pakington, excited some attention hi the British. Par iament. 8hould the Assembly determine to express any -pinion upon the BilL there would, no doubt, be time for it » retch London before the second reading, which, judging, from the uTOal practice of Parliament, was not ,ljkelv to some on till, after Easter. . It was clear, fro n the' Speech of «Tr Jonn.Pakmgtfln, that some legislation would take Mace )n the subject of the colonial Churches, and it was, ftere !bre, highly desirable that they should' closely consider the jrovwions. of the Bill, and judge whether it merited their support or' opposition. . He confessed .that to , him some of he clauses seemed open te;»rioos, objection, especially the 1st, which reserved to the ioM legislature a power over the Dhurch of England which it certal.ly did. not jKWsess over )ther religious bodies; fend the 5th'; which ieiided to facili ate a withdrawal from the supervision of the Episcopal See )f Canterbury. The Rev. gentleman concluded by mov ing, 'That the Bill be read and taken into consideration.' Seconded by Dr. Duncan, and carried. The I»rd Bishop read the Bill, which was published in full in Friday's Register. His Lordship remarked, that to liira it seemed to be all, and nothing more than what they wanted. It virtually sanctioned all he had ventured to do, under the peculiar circumstances in which the Ciiurch was placed by the withdrawal of , State aid, and legalized the arrangements they were desirous of making for the internal government of the Church. He knew also,; fr»m other sources, that the steps they had taken had received from those at home, bestqnalifiedto judge, the praise of 'caution and moderation.': With that expression of* approval he was fully satisfied1. Tharfs was the first trial pfan experiment which 'night lead to. great results^ ; not only in. the other co lonies, but in England itself, and be was well content to play the pjirt of the little mouse in JEsop's fable ' to nibble at the raeahes of the net,' which held the lion of the British Church in trammels equally unsuited to the spirit of the age; :and the genius of the Anglo-Saxon race. He Was glad to think that one of,hta qwn representatives in the House of Commons— Mr. Gladstone— the member for the University of Oxforu\ should . have taken the lead in the present movement. The. election of that gentleman was one of the last acts in which he had concurred before leaving England; and it was rather a deviation from the usual caution of Oxford ; for Mr. Gladstone was a man pre pared to meet, in the most liberal manner, any mixed question of civil and religious legislation, and to go even to the extent of removing the unjust disabilities under which the Jews still laboured. He believed him to be a good man -r-a constant roan— and an able man.' To recur to the Bill : it commenced by setting forth that doubts had arisen as to the rights of the Colonial churches to meet in Synod. They might remember that the same doubt was expressed in the preamble to the minutes of the Bishops' meeting in Sydney. It was true the opinion of Sir Alfred Stephen had been taken, and he considered that the Act of Henry VIII did not extend to the colonies. Still it w s deemed better not to arrogate to themselves the right of meeting in Synod, and their proceedings were simply put forth as those of a meeting of Bishops. It was wise and prudent, however, to declare by legislative enactment that in the 19th century the Bishops, Clergy, and Laity of the colonies should have a right to some degree of self- government— that they should not be compelled t- wait for the slow legislation of Eng land noon noinfs reauirinrr immrvliftto and Ioo.n.1 nettle ment This was all they asked, and this could not with justice be withheld from them. They did not desire to Interfere with doctrinal points, but they did wish to manage their own internal affairs. To refer again to the Act, and to the objections which had been raised to two of its provisions, he did . not understand .that it was intended to give the local legislation any power over the arrangements of the Church, but simply to admit the scriptural principle of obedience to the ' powers that be.' It was within the range of possibility, though not of probability, that the Legislative /Council might pass an Act prohibiting the meetings of the Diocesan Assembly, and in such case, as formin . a portion of the community of South Australia, it would be their duty to obey. As regarded the 5th clause, it provided that the province should not be withdrawn from the supervision of the see of Canterbury, unless at its own request, and with toe concurrence of the Archbishop ; therefore he did not think there need be any fear upon that head, especially as they were- all agreed, and had already expressed their feeling, that it was desirable to remain an integral portion of the, British Church (hear, hear, and warm expressions of concurrence). The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw still considered the clause objec tionable. It was possible that a majority in some future Diocesan Assembly might desire to withdraw the province from its subjection to the See of Canterbury, and equally possible that some particular Archbishop might yield a ready assent, in order to free himself from the trouble of colonial matters. In such case each individual clergyman in the diocese, although not concurring in the change, would be deprived of his right of appeal to Canterbury. The Lord Bishop said it must be remembered that a clergyman in this diocese had not at present any direct appeal to the Archbishop of Canterbury, but to the Metro politan Bishop of Sydney. The position of an Archbishop under an Archbishop was certainly a little peculiar,: and: it was probably for that reason that the title was iiot given to the Bishop of Sydney, though such was his virtual position. The Archbishop of Canterbury was in truth a Patriarchy having several Arehb. shops under him ; but it would have been very inconvenient to h&vb; changed-' a title which had existed for so many, hundred years. He confessed lid saw no hardship, but rather a benefit, in tho appeal being to Sydney rather than to Canterbury— and it might be quite as convenient' that it should be final The clergy of Ire land never thought of appealing from Armagh, nor those of northern England, from York to Canterbury ; and he saw no reason why a different system should obtain in South Australia. The creat value of a Court of Anoeal consisted h 'taking near at hand, and. easily accessible. It would jo well if appeals from the Supreme Courts of the various Australasian Colonies c -uld be made to some Central Court ictiug for the whole, instead of to the Privy Council in England; and m 'the same way be thought it far better ;hat in ecclesiastical matters- any disputed question should be referred. to our own Metropolitan. He-irusted that oh this subject t acre Would be no feeling of jfealousy^iand that jre long We should have oar representatives journeying by iteam along the .beautiful waters of the. Murray to take their seats in a Provincial Assembly at Sydney. The Rev. -Mr.: Woodcock saw no objection to the clause remaining as it stood ; but he trusted it would be very long before any South Australian Assembly would desire seve rance from the Mother Church. (Hear, hear— and warm ex| aression of assent.) ? Mr. MacDermott had, very little fear that any application for severance would proceed from the Diocesan Assembly but he thought it might very possibly proceed from the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney. , The Lord Bishop presumed that no such step would be taken by the Metropolitan without the concurrence of the bishops, clergy, and laity of the various dioceses. He thought it most likely that the clause was introduced into the Bill in contemplation of the possibility of the South' Australian dioceses becoming at some future time portion's of the independent atataB of Australasia, .when it would bo desirable for an ecclesiastical separation to take place as in the case of the 'Episcopal Church of America. As far as ho was concerned he saw fn6 objection either to the wording, to i the ilrisufliclencf,' of to the redundancy of the Bill. Mr. MicDemptt remarked that it was very singular that a 'BUI shonld/bave been iniirdduced into the British Parlia ment; bo, exactly consonant With their ow.i resolutions, j The Lord Bishop; said /it was 'not so surprising as it might at first appear; for ^he had conversed with Mr. Gladstone on the subject before leaving England. The Rev. Mr. Bagihaw repeated his objections to the 5th clause, which he thought might authorise a premature separation from the Mother Church. The Bey. Mr. Woodcock looked upon the Bill as simply giving them freedom of action, and relieving them from any Bunposed disabilities under. which they formeily laboured. Witt reference to any provincial assembly, it did not fay there ' shall be' a confederation of the various dioceses, but simply that there ' may be' such an arrangement. South Australians would be among the first to resist any language of compulsion ; but he could see no reasonable objection to a permissive clause, upon which they could act or not as they pleased. . He thought they ' had reason to rejoice that the Bill Was what it was ; aid he could not but think that Mr. Gladstone and his coadjutors liad received some hints from their worthy, Bishop, or. perhaps from some of them selves ; for it struck him as something very like an echo of their own resolutions., , . / The Lord Bishon sucrfirested the nassinz of a resolution declaring tbeir.approval of the general purport of the Bill ; but at the same time expressing their desire that nothing should be enacted to endanger the diocesan and provincial constitution of the cokwiial churches, nor their subordina tion, in the last resort, to the Crown And to the See of Can terbury. . . , The Dean of Adelaide could not express his approval of the Bill, which seemed to him to confer no powers on the colmial churches that they did not already. possess. The 2nd clause gave the power of meeting, but gave no power over any except those who consented to their autnotityi. That power they had already without any Act of Parlia ment Then, again, the 2nd oUuw gave some partial power to deprive an offending clergyman of Ids .emota mento, but not, so &r; as he could undetttaiid, to deprive him of his benefice. The clause already referred io relative to severance from the see of Canterbury was also .in hi* opinion very objectionable. Mr. Bcrttey auhiaed thtt the effect of the 2ad ckwe would be to enabVtlse Assembly to deprive an incumbent of the emoluments «C;4ii»- benefice, pending any proceedings which might affectiwi^h^... : . After some furQier 'oaavenation, the Dean, though he still thought the BillVeTysl«ndcr,con»entodto Trithdraw hi* opposition ; and a renfation, in the ternui-'f-ugfested by ftc Lord KAbp, W« toevM by the Bev; Ur. Wood cock, seeonded by Mr. Wictatoed, carried ***.»#.» and ordered to be forwarded to the HwjreUry of State for the Ceknita, SURPLICE FEES. Major O'Hallorau moved the appointment of a Com mittee to collect information on the subject of surplice fees, ' and to report .thereon to the Lord Bishop. Seconded by Captain Freeling, and carried. The f Uowinjf Clergymen ana Representatives were aj--- ' pointed on the Committee :— The Rev. Messrs. Woodcock * Bagshaw, and Fulford, Slajor O'Hallqran, Captain Freei l'ng, Mr. MacDermott, and Mr. Roberts. ' - . * - PASTORAL AID FUND. Mr. MacDermott suggested that a monthly collection should be made in each chnrch, and that the contributors should be requested 1o enclose their subscriptions in paper, marked with their names. This mode would save much trouble to the collectors, and had been found to act well in the Episcopal Churches of America. The Lord Bishop observed that there were already two monthly collections, one among the entire congregation for ordinary purposes, and the other among the communi cants at the administration of the Holy Sacrament He . doubted If it would be well to establish a third. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock agreed. There were many per sons who did not attend church with any degree of regn- ? larity, but who would yet contribute to the fund if waited upon at their own houses. By. the proposed plan their sub scriptions would be tost, or the collectors would still have to take much- the same trouble as under the. present system. But apart from pecuniary considerations, ' he anticipated much benefit from the periodical visits among the people, of those who might undertake the office of Col lectors. Perhaps the better plan would be to leave each clergyman to arrange the details in his own way. The Rev. Mr. Schoales thought an annual collection sermon might with propriety be preached in each church for the benefit of the fund. 7 The subject then dropped. CHURCH ACCOMMODATION. Mr. MacDermott called attention tothe want of sufficient church accommodation in South Adelaide, and suggested \ the appointment of a Committee to report upon the subject. The Lord Bishop was anxious to sea further church ac commodation, and considered the tima had arrived when ' the erection of a Cathedral should ba attempted.* That 'wag ?' the next work of the kind to which he intended dedicating himself. - It was determined to refer the subject to the Standing Committee. CLOSE OF THE PROCEEDINGS. The Lord Bishop declared tha business of the Assembly closed, and expres sd at the same time his great gratification at the feeling of harmony and unanimity which had marked its proceedings. Thanks were then voted to the Lord Bishop and the' Secretaries, after which His Lordship pronounced the usual benediction. At the conclusion of each day's business, the Members ; of the Assembly partook of a cold collation, His Lordship inviting the Clergy and laity on Thursday, and the laity returning the compliment to the Bishop and Clergy on Fridav. Ordination.— At the ordination held by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese at Trinity Church, yesterday morning, Mr. T. B. Titherington was admitted to Deacon's ardors. A most impressive sermon was delivered on the occasion by the Rev. W. J. Woodcock, from Acts xx. 28 — ' Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all tie flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.' In the evening the Rev. Mr. Titherington preached at Trinity Church, from Gal. vi. 14—' God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord JeaUfl Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and 1 unto the world.' Accident to the Rev. James Pollitt. — Ab the above- respected clergyman was driving into town from Kooringa last week, to attend the Di ocesan Assembly, his carriage was overturned near Thebarton Bridge, and him self and Mrs. Polliit were thrown out. Wo are happy to state that beyond some contusions and abrasions they re ceived no material injury. . .' . Fire at the Hermitage. — We regret to state that the residence of Mrs. Peachy, known.as the Hermi tage, about two miles from Highercombe, was entirely destroyed by fire on Saturday morning. Mrs. Peachy, with two of her children, was in town at the time, but her other two children, together with her brother in-law and sister, Mr. and Mrs. Hinde, their children and the servants, were sleeping in the house, when the flames broke out, a little after midnight. The building being old, and entirely of wood, no part of it was saved, nor any of the furniture or clothes. The inmates escaped unhurt, but without having time to dress themselves. The misfortune was peculiarly ill-timed, as Mrs. Peachy had just received some articles of value from London, the whole of which were destroyed. THE NEW TARIFF. — Since the New Tariff came into operation, on Monday last, the quantity of brandy on which duty has betn paid, comprises 44 hogsheads, 21 quarter casks, and 27 cases, besides a very considerable ?„ quantity of other spirits. Ttie reduction of duty is from ten ghillinm to sib shillinqs per callon. Fatal Accident. — Information was received in ;own on Friday last of a fatal accident having occurred to a young lad named Edward Gleeson, the second, son of E. B. Gleeson, Esq., of Clare. The unfortunate youth had been out after cattle, and not returning during the night, search was made and his body was found. It would ippear that he had been thrown, and dragged for some distance, before his foot became disentangled from the stir rup. Mr. Gleeson was in Adelaide when this dist^i.'.iug intelligence reached him. Robbery.— On Saturday afternoon, one .of the servants at Mr. Kinston's residence in Grote- street^rdbseVved that her master's dressing loom was in a state of confusion, and on examination discovered that the looking-glass, dressiiracase, and several other articles had been removed, the thierhaving evidently entered by the window. Look ing across the Park Lands she saw him making off with his booty. She immediately wont out for the Police, and met at once with Sergeant Miller, who gave chase,, and ap prehended him with the stolen property in his possession. We understand that Mr. Kingston is out of town, and is not expected back for1 several days. On Friday, two plated candlesticks were stolen from Dr. Mayo's in Morphett street. These have been recovered by the Folico from A dealer in North-street, who bought them of the person since apprehended for the robbery at Mr. Kingston's. He calls himself George Williams, blacksmith. CORONER'S INQUEST.— An inquest was held on Thursday afternoon by George Stevenson, Esq., Coroner, at Gepp's Cross, on the body of a young man named Frederick Leigh, son of Mr. Leigh, gardener, at Enfield. It appeared from the evidence that the lad had walked during the ex- treme heat of Thursday, from the Peachey Belt — A distance of nearly 16 miles, and was found in the afternoon at Gepp's Cross in an exhausted state. He was carried into the tavern, and the attendance of Dr. Moreton, of Enfield, was immediately procured, who did everything medical skill could suggest to recover the patient, but he sunk, and died during the night. The Jury returned a verdict of "Died by the visitation of God." 