Miscellaneous' Extracts.,. Ait.ui Ilonsns.- Tlie agents, of Abbas Pasha, tlie Viceroy of hgypt, sent into all parts of the desert to purchase the best horses, have especially sought for mares of this breed. . The prices giveu for them would appear enormous even . to. thc Knglish reader. A sheikh of the great tribe ot thc Al Dhotyr was offered, mid refused fora mare no less than X120D. To understand how a man, wliö has perhaps not even bread to food himself and his children, cnn withstand thu tump tatiou of such largo sums, it.must be remembered that, besides tlic:a!!oet.atiou proverbially felt by the Bedouin fur his mare, which might; perhaps, not be proof.against, such a. test, he is entirely dcjMiulcnt upon her, for l;is happiness, his glory, and,-indeed, ltis..very existencc'c An Arab, pos- sessing^ horse unrivalled iu speed and endurance -and it would only, bc for such tluit prices like those 1 have mentioned would be cflcrcd-is en- tirely his own. master, and eau defy the wqrld. Once vu its back, no ono can catch him. . Ho may rob, plunder,, light, or go to mid fro as ho lists, lie believes in thc word of. his prophet, "that noble and lieree breeds cf horses ure true riches." Without his marc, money would by of. in value to him : it.would cither become the prey of some one moro powerful and better mounted than him- self, would be spent in festivities, or h.- distribut- ed amongst his kinsmen.' Ho. could only keep his gold by burying, it in some secret place; and of what usc would it then boto ono who is never two days in the same spot, and who wanders over a space of three or Jbiir. liuddred miles in tho course of a few months? .?? .* . ?» , » The Arab horse is moro remarkable for its ex- quisite . Hymmctry and beautiful . prop ¡rtions, united with woudorful powers of endurance, than for extraordinary speed. I doubt whether any ! A mb of,tho best blood has-ever been, brought to England. Thc difficulty of obtaining them is so great that they arc scarcely ever seen beyond thu limits of tho "desert. .Their color is generally white, light or dark grey, . light chestnut, mid j bay, with white or black feet. . lilac); is exceed- ingly rare, and 1, never remember to have seen iluu, sorrel, or dapple. I . refer, of course, to tba truo-brcd Ar.ah, and, not to the Turcoman or to Kurdish .or Turkish races, which are a eruM between tho Arab and l'ursinn. Their average height is from l-l- hmtds to 1 rarely reaching "Iii. I have only, seen One maru that exceeded it. Notwithstanding thc smallness of their stature, they often possess great strength mid courage. I. was credibly informed that .a cele- brated mure of tho Idai.ickia breed, now dead, carried two men in chain-armour beyond the reach of their Aiieyzu^vursiiors. ¡ Hut their.most remarkable and valiinolo quality is the power of performing, long ¡ind arduous inarches upon the smallest possible allowance, i f food ¡ind water. * *. *.. 'Although docile as,» lain)), mid requir- ing no other guide than tho luther, when thc Arab maro hears tho war- cry of tho tribe, mid 3ees tho quivering spear of her rider, her eyes glitter with lire, her blood-red nostrils open wide, lier neck is nobly arched, and her tail ¡md mano uro raised and spread.,10 the wind. ^The Bedouin proverb says.-thni h high brcd uiare, when at full rpced, should hide her rider between her neck and ber tail.-l.á.iiard'a A'íiitví/i anti JJabylon. . A 2)K8CI:NUISO SOALK.-Worét. of nil. it is with thc (irst child of a family !?. Oh, it is u hap- piness anti a miracle, ami cannot.he enough over iciulctl with presents from father and mother, ami tin nfs ami cousins, and all thé world. Docs it scream and roar, then it is a budding, genius *; is it.silent, then il is a phjlosopcr. in its cradle. And-it bites, the sweet angel ; it has got a tooth-itj bites properly. Ah. it is divine ! Then comes the second child-it is by far less wonder- ful already ; its cry and teeth arc not half so ex- traordinary.. The third comes-it is allover with miracles now. The nuiits begin to shake their heads and say, " No lack of heirs ia tho house ! Nay, nay, ' may there be otdy enough to fetid them all I After this comes a fourth, anti a fifth, Und asixth-yes, then people's «its arc in full play 1 Tho parents resign themselves, but the friends defend themscves ! llenrt's-dearest, what is. become of it ? ' Tho house full of children, a whole half-dozen! l'oor Mrs This and This-it makes one tpiito weak, both in body and minti, only to think of ii ! Yes, yes, my friend, people 'duiiV put..these things down in romances, but it goes ia. fAtis way itt real life.. , ' ' ", ."" A philosophic and self-possessed ship captain was passing through a church- yard at midnight, when a sheeten ghost rose up behind ti tomb- stone, lind nproache'd' him witli^nloniieing ges tinra.r Tho i ancient : mariner.-xpojly. raised his stick and'gave him a crack over thu "side of tho licad, itsking Jinn ." what; hu meant by being .out d'hi_s_gruvc ut so late "ail; hom'-,?"-dmeyVun /tiper. ' ' - ' ;"~ pv.',y.^.-..i-;.. ? t ', 