THE TONGUE OF THE HOUSE. (From IAoytl'a Weekly Nctosjwpcr, July \lth.) Having passed tho middle of July, the discovery is made-a discovery made < nce a-ycar-that Parliament talks too much and deliberates too little. Thc House, it is avouched, has too much tongue and too few brains. Perhaps-we merely suggest the cause-perhaps this may bc because, in the House of Com- mons, there is not yet heard the Voice of the People. We know it is, by a fiction, said to be heard there ; even as, by a fiction, ghosts, arc said to be heard to gibber. It has been suggested that the session of Parliament should begin and end earlier, say from the 15th of January to the 30th of June. We think the amendment would bo a wisc one ; produc- tive of more real business to thc country, and more comfort to members themselves. With respect to them, our nominal repre- sentatives, they do at times-when the dog-days rage-appear to us, shut up for hours and hours in the House, like so many doomed mice in an air-pump (in- deed, thc distinguishing initials arc of themselves suggestive ortho sad condition -M. P.-Mouse in air pump). Hut how, how is the session to bc shortened ? In so many hours, only so many words let men talk themselves into talking ma- chines, cutting sentences aa rapidly and as valuably as chafT-eutters cut chafl:-only so many words can bc uttered. Thc House must pass a self-denying ordinance, tying its own tongue. Otherwise, the House of Commons will still remain, for the greater part of tho session, the House of Babel ; with the long-deferred proroga- tion of thc nominal workers. Mr. Ewart, in thc. Times, suggests that thc House should do all its work by day- light. At present the House mukös laws as owls build their nests ; by thc help oí night omi-moonshine. Wc are of Mt. Ewart'« opinion ; but feur that many mem- bers-thc Irish pillars of crystul, especially -would strongly oppose the reform" as i unjust, not to say insulting, to themselves : ' who,-in all the privHegeof occasional wine and tolerable white: waistcoats, come fr m thc dinner table Ad I, at least, of patriotism, ready to ween ruddy drops of claret over the wounds of their expiring country ! No w, noon-day would not do for - this. Certain emotions, like certain ' colours, shew to best advantage by candle-light. Any way, the tongue of the House of Commons must be bridled. In the mid- dle of July, ministers fcegin to count their doomed and dying. »Already, many of the innocents are labelled ; and yet what time was occupied in their "delivery !" How their features-the while the House of Commons clock ticked and the hands moved-were by turns lauded and abused ; and now they are, like winter bats, to go to sleep until a new session. . The prodi- gal amount of talk flung away in every session of Parliament, to the confusion of the speakers themselves and the bewilder- ment of their hearers, is not to be calcu- lated by any human powers. That the mortality of the House of Commons is not double what it is, must be attributed to the fact that the human system can adapt itself to anything. Hence an M. P. may become used to the speeches of a Wood, even as eels at Billingsgate are said to become reconciled to skinning. Nevertheless, economy of speech and time will be forced upon Parliament. Men must give us " more matter and less art." The business of the country has outgrown Parliament ; and Parliament must shorten its speeches to transact it. We do not expect that members will talk new proverbs like new sages; neverthe- less, if we do not get pearls and diamonds, wc need not be drenched and blinded with froth and smother ; and - the House of Commons may cease to -become a _mere House of Tongue, without at once tower- ing before the country as the House of Solomon. 