A OHEA.P DINNER. (From, JDic/cens's Household Words.) v I went tlie other day to pay a visit to my respected friend, Herr von Schmidt, who lives in Germany, in the dominions of His Serenity the Prince of Abe Towering Taxes. Herr von Schmidt has no establishment, and there is a tradition in the neighbourhood that none of his friends have ever been able, after the closest inquiry, to ascertain where he lived. He met me at the station, how ever, according to previous appointment. ?' It is half-past twelve o'clock' said the Herr von Schmidt 'f 'are you hungry? I am, very!' and the Herr von Schmidt's looks also assured me that he was confining himself strictly to the truth. I had breakfasted, according to the Teu tonic custom, on a little piece 01 bread, re sembling a penny trumpet, and some detes table coffee ; and therefore eagerly replied to the question of my friend in the affirma tive, ; dreading, however, rather, to find myself in. among the hot, noisy, detestible assembly of a German table d'hote* My rriend, however, is a man of some impor tance in the town, being Herr Deputy Bub assistant-auditor to Herr Uudersecretary to a local and independent branch of the rail way. He was, indeed, far too great a man to dine at a table d'hote, since the English have made them dear and unfashionable. He presented me, therefore, to two of bis colleagues. W ho they were does not matter j for, to judge of a man's character from his profession, is to be wilfully misled. Sorce, of the quietest and steadiest men I have ever known were consistent supporters ot theopoia, and tlu turf, and eome of tho flightiest and lightest-hearted, men of letters. The jolliest person beyond all question I ever met was ah undertaker ; one of my most cheerful friends was a Presbyterian clergy man ; and the sternest, a comic actor. Enough, therefore, that the Herr von Schmidt and hia two friends, accompanied by their beards, their cigars, and myself, ad journed from the railway to dine at the principal inn. It goes by the name of the United Germany ; and, on the signboard, is painted a lively and appropriate represen tation of the historical cats of Kilkenny. Let the reader transport himself to the first inn of a provincial town in England — neiiher at a watering-place nor in the immediate neighbourhood of a fashionable peck of hounds— -and ask himself calmly what hs would like to get for dinner ? It is a ques tion to which I could hardly venture to reply. In my hunting days it used to be chops, steaks, and eggs and bacon — bacon and eggs, steaks, and chops, and so on, ring ing the changes as often as you like ; but as I have little inclination for any of these de licacies, I very seldom found anything that it was possible for a London appetite to digest and I have been haunted with the ghost of a tough country steak, and an abominable inky fluid the waiter was pleased to desig nate as ketchup, or some such name, for twenty-four hours after it ought to have been laid for ever. Let me, as a contrast, transcribe the dinner at half-an-hours notice under the sign ot the United Germany for our party of four. We had a clear (strained) soup of exquisite flavour, accompanied by powdered cheese for those fond of strong stimulants. Then craw fish, and black bread and butter. Then a fillet of beef (pique), with a sauce of truffles and Madeira. Then some red cabbages, stewed apples and mashed potatoes; some cutlets of fresh pork, and some cold tongue ; some eels in asparagus jelly ; some hashed venison, garnished with rice ; some young chickens with Perigord sauce : preserves and salad ; a plum pudding; dessert and fruit ices. This dinner cost us just three shillings a head. We had, moreover, napkins, a spot less table cloth, and finger-glasses. I am not at all vaunting the choice of Herr von Schmidt's dinner, which is, perhaps, the worst taste, but only the number, quality, and price of the dishes. Let the country solicitor who paid ten shillings for his dinner in a dingy room in Bishopgate-street, ask himself if he dined anything like so well as we did' for three ; and let any one of the unlucky diners-out ia London condemned to a three shilling -dinner, compare their bill of fare with this. Why it is, or how it is, that everytning should be dearer in England than' in the whole world, it is not at present our province to inquire j but the fact, as it undoubtedly exists, is extremely unreasonable, since every; single article we consumed in the dominions of his Serene Highness the Prince of the Towering Taxes, with the sole exception of the truffles, can, with proper management, be obtained cheaper in London, from tho clieesti (Chester, by the way) to the ice ; and the fuel with which our dinner was cooked is beyond all comparison dearer than in England. The simple secret was in the judicious division of tho contents of tho various dishes into proper proportions, just enough for the consumption of the people for whom they were provided., and no more, instead of giving them an equal quantity of one thing ; the cunning of the cock, and tho number of diners-out having brought the art of providing small dinners ir;to a state of great perfection. Many a dozen workmen, at the same factory, who carry their clammy unwholesome dinners in tleir pocket hand* kerchiefs, and bolt the unsavoury mess with,, a pint of beer in the tap-room of a public^, house, might by merely clubbing the p£iea of their separata meals, though, but a, fevr balf-p^nce, and dining together, e»».-luco considerably to their own, convlort Jind l'«^. advancement of the noble acivncft o.f cook ery. There is an excellent 'wmkjtoana* dinner ,-. in Paris, provided for thr^epe^ce v aac* ni.ost of the officers' messea throw.£rjout Germany,,-..., aro served aceordhvg to Contract, .and v^ry^ well served too,'affi[-om;f/v.s.j-enq«;jqsiXi-;enciS; ,, a head, . '' ,? ./, . . , :. Somo men are like i'amswouI tfl.;?s:'t» ; t«- produce the finest tones you m ^st fe^ them vvd'v—Cow^ - JUDGE. . ' 