THE NEW CONSTITUTION.--GREAT PUB- LIC MEETING. At one o'clock yesterday, the most numerous and respectable, meeting which has been held in Syd- ney for several years assembled in the Victoria Theatre, Pitt-street. The object of the Meeting, as set forth in the advertisement, was " to resist that flagrant attack upon the public liberty," contained in the provisions of the New Constitu- tion Bill. At a little after one o'clock the theatre began to fill, and by about half-past one there could not have been less than two thousand, five hundred persons in the house-the stage, the pit, and the first and second tiers of boxes being crowded. During nearly the entire course of the proceedings, large crowds of people continued to go and come, so that the numbers who in reality attended the meeting would not fall far short of 4000\. What adds to the importance of the cir- cumstance that the meeting was so largely at- tended is the fact, that the advertisement by which it was notified did not appear until Saturday morning. Among the gentlemen on the platform, we noticed Mr. Smart, M.C. ; Mr. Thomas Walker ; Mr. Suttor, M.C. ; Mr. John Brown ; Mr. John Walker; Mr. T. W. Smith ; Mr. Park, M.C. ; Mr. Richardson, M.C. ; Mr. J. J. Falconer ; Mr. Mort ; Mr. Darvall, M.C. ; Mr. Flood, M.C. ; Mr. John Alexnndcr ; Mr. John Gilchrist ., Mr. Walter Lamb ; Mr. J. F. Josephson ; Mr. Morehead ; Mr. M. Young ; Mr. Thomas Woolley ; Mr. J. R. Wilshire ; Mr. J. P. Fawkner, M.C. (Victoria) ; Mr. Bligh, M.C. ; and a large number of other influential gentlemen. The chair was taken by Mr. John Gilchrist. The CHAIRMAN, in opening the proceedings said that when the unexpected proposition was made to him by the committee that he should preside on that very important occasion, he felt that there were many gentlemen much better qualified to fill it, but as it appeared to be the unanimous wish of the committee, he did not feel warranted in refusing it, and it was very gratify- ing; to him to find the selection so warmly and cordially supported by the meeting. (Cheers.) It was now twenty-five years since he arrived in the colony, and although many changes had taken place, and many important mensures had been brought forward, he considered the one they were then assembled to discuss, the most important of them all. He, like too many, had heretofore been little more than a looker on, but the time had now arrived when every man who had any stake in the colony was called upon to express his opinion. (Cheers.) The colony was now assuming a very important position, and as one of the proofs of it, the Home Government had sent out instructions to grant it a Constitu- tion, to be framed by the colonists themselves,and in conformity with these instructions a Bill had been brought before the Legislative Council. They were indebted to the framers of that Bill for the pains and labour they had bestowed on it, and although, no doubt, in accordance with their opinions and desires, still it must be borne in mind that they were but the representatives of the people, and that it was their duty to pause before passing such a measure, until the opinions and wishes of their constituents we e expressed and known on the subject. (Cheers.) The papers had lately furnished them with the opinions of some of the most eminent statesmen in England on some of the most important principles set forth in the Bill, and these views were useful as guiding them in forming their opinions. He therefore hoped that that meeting was the signal for meetings to be held over the length and breadth of the colony, and that all parties would see the necessity of coming forward and unmistakably and decidedly expressing their opinions to guide their repre- sentatives in the course they desire they should adopt. (Great cheering.) The period for which the proprietor had so handsomely allowed them the use of the house being but short, he trusted that those gentlemen who intended to address the meeting would be as brief as the importance of the subject would admit of ; and he also trusted that the proceedings of this meeting would be marked with calmness, moderation, and firmness. (Cheers.) He would now call upon the Secretary to read the advertisement calling the meeting together. (Great cheering.) Mr. W. R. PIDDINGTON, the Secretary, having read the advertisement by which the meeting was convened, Mr. J. B. DARVALL, M.C, who was receive- with loud and long continued applause, came for- ward to move the first resolution, which was as follows : That tho proposed Constitution Jilli ls radically de- fective, and opposed to tho avlshos and Interests of thu iuhnbltauts of thlH colony, who bullero that a represen- tativo lAiglslnturo, consUtinir of two Elective Chambers, will alon» posses* that stability, onefsy, ond usrfuliiesi^ will- ll in maintained by publia confidence, and without which no Government can permanently c.ilflt. Ho said that tho largo and respectable meeting willoh he sow before him, assembled nt n lbw hours' notice, was ip itself sufficient to freo tho colony from tho imputation under which it had so long laboured, of being apathetic, with regard to its political rights and liberties. He congra tnlntod the colony on the improvement which he . saw that day manifested, hy the attendance of such a vost assemblage of those withont whoso voico9 no al tors tiona in tho Constitution mid laws of thc country could over be carried i nt3 effect. (Henr, and elmers.) But sncb tías tho great loa'ure cf tho British character- ever to bo ready when denger or duty required onxlioa and strongtii. (Cheers.) Ho (Mr. Darvall) stood on that stugo at tho desire of several of his consti- tuents, who requested him to como forwurd and state his viows in reference to tho matter under discussion. At first he hesitated to accedo to tho doeiro, howovor much ho esteemed it au honour to take a prominent pirt in such a move- ment, becauso he believed tho nore proper place for him to exert his strength would bo on tho floor ol' that House in which ho had bcon placed by tho votes of his constituents. On a second consideration, however, he felt thal at tho present timo had nrlsen ono of those cmrrgoneies in which it became every man, whether in tho Council or out of it, to como forward and let tho public know what course ho was prepared to sug goat, and by what conrso he was . prepared to stand. (Loud cheers.) It waa witb feelings of oonsidorohlo recrût that ho appeared licforo thom to proposo tho first resolution. Ho felt that ho who had been so long engaged in battling for the intcTcato of thiB country, would have muoh better and much moro properly fulfilled tho duty which lulddovolvod onhimlhat dojr, and ho (Mr. Darvall) rcgrotted Ibat the champion who had been so long tho foremost in ovcry struggle for tho rights of Australia, should now, at thc-last hour, whon ' tho colony was about to enter lu a great Consti- tutional battle, huvo left tilo work to bo par for m eil by youngor and loss ubi o hands, (Chcors and cronus.) They all know tho man to whom | ho alluded, (Groans, and crios of" Wontworlli.") Thoy would bo guilty of tho greatest tngraUludo if thoy did not reinonibor tho former services of that gentleman, whatever might bo his present uuursc, and ho thoroforo begged that thoy would extend to all, howovor much they diiVorcd in , opinion from themselves, tho most ample fair play. Whatovtr might ho tho opinion ns to tho wisdom of tho framers al' tho Conitiintioii, thoy would not hcsltnto to give thom credit for sincerity. Let them not, therefore, tarnish by any display of 111 feeling tho fair faino of their achievement. Ho said achievement, because, carry tho measures which lt proposed that tncot. lng unqttostionuhly would, (Enthusiastic cheers.) Ho thoroforo trusted that no personal animosity would bo brought into the consideration question. - If tho voico of tho colonists' was niised In opposition, tlioy dorod not ?curry tho proposed measure; and ho felt assured that tho volco of that moating, tra- versing tho length and breadth of Noir South Wales, would find nn echo in «very corner of tho oolony, crying ont that the pcoplo of tho country wnro dotorminod not to havo any suoh Constitu- tion as that proposed. (Land cheers.) In tho consideiatlon of tho vastly, important maller I under discussion, ho felt that, be might not un- worthily call their attention to that liberality by which thoy wero permitted the free use of tho edifico in which they woro then ass'omblud. (Cheers.) Inspired by tho associations which that structure reallied, he weald repeat tho words of him to whose sublime genius the English lsn Í;ttage and the English people wcro BO much ?dubtod, and from whoso inspired doctrines hp felt BBiureoV every one .there assembled' would draw hopo and encouragement-: : Thrice ia lio urnuxl who Jmttr lil« quarrel Juit¿ - Ana ho nut nakiul, thóÚKli-uiiikód up liv stud?: :-. lVhosu oonsciouco with litjuslluu Is corrupted. , (Loud and long continued cheers.) What responso,.ho would ask* did tho .consciences of that aesorahlugo nfford to these words? Had any ono of all tho-io then assembled any personal end In view,, or was any individual actuated by any other motive than tho good of his country ? (Loud nnd long continued cheers.) Every species of-urgumont had been resorted to in order to forco through the Legislative Counoil the pro- posed mensure; und they had many of them, no doubt, scon in a daily papor the attempt which was. made to saddle with inconsistency some of thosa who wore that day to address them. It would bo in their recollection, thut thrco or four years ago, a project wns put forth, for scpatating the nominee and electoral elements in tho Legisla- ture, by which tho representatives of the people would bo loft free to act by themselves in the dis- posal of the public rovenue, and in tho apportion- ment of the taxation. Dinny, among whom was he (Mr. IX) looking nt tho love which wa« cherished towards tho British Constitution, and witnessing tile freedom and the grandeur to which Great Britain had attained, under its shelter, were ol opinion that it would bo better for this colony if it could start on its career under the auspices of something similar. Ile hoped then, and he -still hoped, that a Constitution ns nearly as pos- sible similar to that of Groat Britain would be permanently established for Chis colony. Wlial they then proposed was, however, only that thc noniinoo element should be separated from th« representative clement ; they were lu favour ol having two Chumbara, one of whom might bc composed of Nominees, Ho, and those with whom ho then acted, however, saw now that it would ho advisable, to havo no Nominee, clement ti the Legislature nt all. (Loud oheers.) Ir is, there Avas 110 inconsistency, for whot wai tho use of experience, tnt to correct the errors oi youth? (Choors.) It was the work of manhood to correot'tho errors of childhood. The argu- ment of inconsistency had no weight whatever ; lt did not follow, supposing u Xumiuee Chambei to havo boen formerly suggested, that tho prin- cipio was therefore to bo now considered good. (Cheers.) Every conceivable means hud beer resorted to by tho Committco which originated that meeting for tho purpose of eliciting opinion, and tho result of their hibours was, that thoy carno forward for the purpose, of expressing c unanimous opinion, that none but a representa- tivo Government could evor stand. (Tremen- dous cheers.) Earl Grey und othor English no- blemen had long since come to a similar conclu- sion ¡ and those countries in which hereditary Legislatures were established, wero continually petitioning for their repeal. If they sought foi an analogy to tho British Constitution, they would lind itenly In a representativo Govern- ment. No Government, basod on nny othor than tko representative system, would ever reoeivc that respeot and obedience with which lt was so necessary that every Government should bo treated. (Cheers.) The present wero times in which no community would submit to receive laws from any other than tho representatives ol tho people. They wero told that tho members of a nominee H.'Uso would be responsible neither tc the Queen nor tho people ; but from such nn As- sembly ho prayed the Lord to doliver us. (Loud cheers ) The tendency of all Governments, when unrestrained, was towards corrnpthm mid decay ; and tho only gunrantco of stability und efficiency was to bo found in tho hope of reward ami the fear of punishment, Ho (Mr. Darvall) said again, let them demand as a right a Constitution bear- ing an analogy to that of Great Britain. The true principle which had given stability to the British Empire during a course of a thousand years, was its representative character. True, there was the House of Lords, but it should be remembered that that was not a royal creation. It had sprung up as a power in opposition to kingly measures. When no other body suffi- ciently educated and powerful existed to thwart tho tyranny of tho monarch, the nobility came forward and obtained the rights of tho nation at tho point of tho sword. Ever since, the influence of tho House of Lords had been felt throughout tho Kingdom, standing as it did an arbiter be tween the King and the people. Although, how- ever, it was thought dangerous to venture on .the destruction of tho House of Lords, it should not be forgotten that such a measure had been con- templated. (Cheers.) On an occasion when the measure of Reform to be conceded to tho country was under discussion in England, such a proposal was entertained, but was abandoned, the most eminent statesmen pausing ere they committed themselves to the peril of such a change. In any new country, however, was it to be supposed that a new creation of a similar body would be sub- mitted to ? (Loud cries of " no," and cheers.) Without intending any disparagement to the no- minees in the Council, he felt that their, position in tho House tended to lower them in tho publie estimation. So it would bo with n nominee. House. In the House they would have tho power of giving a vote, but out of doors they would have no influence. It would be absurd to send men of little weight into tho Couucils ¡ for he appealed to their sense of justice to sny which was entitled to tho greatest consideration, personal character or a mere title. Thus tho nominees would be in reality losers by tho caresses of tho Government. (Loud cheers.) In their efforts to obtain tho blessings of a sound and. good principle of government, he felt that that most significant meeting would carry great weight with tho Council in Macquarie- street, where in- dividual pleading woulu be of little avail ; mid thu least result would bc that they would obtain moro timo for deliberation. (Cheers ) It waa his (Mr. Darvall's) desire to nrrivo at something like tho British Constitution, ho cared not whether it was republican or monarchical. Ile cared not whether they were to have a President or a limited Monarch-King; or Queen. Ho, however, feared that it would be imposslble to establish in this country a monarchical govern- ment. (Hear, and cries of " Question.'*) While entertaining tho greatest love for tho form of the English Government, ho could not see how an hereditary monarchy was to be established in this country, except by passing through a pro- cess of tho most fiightful confusion. (Hear, hour.) Such would be the first step—a military despotism would be the next. Now he for one did not desire to progress to such an end by such preliminary stages ; he desired neither the first nor second step. On tho contrary, he felt that, in this colony as elsewhere, tho Anglo-Saxon wisdom and courage would be sufficient to guide itself. (Loud cheers'.) This would be only effected through a representative Government, based on tho respect, obedience, and support of tho people, which would be readily yielded when tho rulers were placed in power by tho people themselves.. (Loud uhocrs.) An argument had been pressed forward, that tho nominee arrangement would, after all, be found harmless, because it could at any time be altered ; but a weaker argument could not be advanced. To tell the people that they were to submit to measures because they could be altered hereafter was, in fact, an insult. When the time came for making tho alteration, it was possible that no other means might be left for correcting tho error than that of bloodshed. (Cheers. ) The proper course was now, when they could do it peaceably, to oppose, tho formation of any objectionable form of go- vernment, and not to be effecting changes after tho government had been, to a certain extent, adapted to tho exigencies of tho country. 'Ihey ought to feel thankful for tho power they pos- sessed, for what more could they desire than to be the arbiters of their own destinies and those of their children? By tho coarse which they now adopted, they would he either blessed by their wisdom or cursed by their folly. (Loud and long continued cheers.) They were now pra souted with one of tho finest opportunities which a people ever enjoyed. In order to act rightly, they should appeal not alone to their own judg- ment and passions, but they should take prece- dents from history, and noting fearlessly on tho convictions so formed, they should decide. It i would be recollected that it was only last session of tho Legislature that tho present change in tho Constitution was proposed, therefore at tho time of tho last election tho matter was not before tho public.. It would titus ba seen that tho pooplo of I Now South Widos had never had on opportunity 1 of expressing- thoir wishes on the matter beforo that day. Ho could have suggosted to tho com- mittee a coureo which would meet -their present difficulty l'hitt cjounso» was, to pe ti* ion,; the Governor-GeBer»l to- dla*olTB the Leglsjative Cou.BofL'.(Htar, hear, bear, t>»mendoiu ohoorliig. erle» of "out'with Wentworth.") ' lfllio Connell 'were dissolved twenty times, he (Mr. Darvnll) considered 'Wentworth the man to he there still. (Hear, hear, cheers, hisses, «nd cries of " nd, no *') They should bear in mind that tho gentle- man was not here (cries of "wo don't want him, make him n nomiueo"), nnd for that reason they should speak ef him as ho deserved. They should remember the large debt of gratitude which had accumulated, and which was due by them to Mr. WeittoOrth. ' (Confusion.) Ere yet tho spirit of liberty breathed over New South Wale?, when the Press was shackled, when there was no representa- tion, when there existed au arbitrary Govern- ment and a convict discipline, who was it who spoke out for tho liberties of tho colonists? (Cheers, hisses, and oriea of "question.") Tliey should remember that in the present day then« was no danger in addressing or in speukiug for the liberties of tho people, os there was then. (Cheers.) lt was a different thing to profess opinions in tba present day. (Question.) He hail said that the moro constitutional course would bo to dissolve the Council, and thus tnko the opinion of" the colony at largo on tho ques- tion. (Loud cheers.) Ho was snro tho Goyernor General, who, on several occasions, had evinced a desire to consult tho wishes of the people-(dis- approbation)-would, in that instance, comply with their request. It was not to ho expected that ho could say anything in which every ono would agree. However, he Bhould, for tho future, endeavour to avoid overy topio which would not bo agreeable to all. (Laughter.) If no sulliciont delay were granted hy tho Council, ho felt no doubt that a proper representation to his Excel- lency, showing the propriety of dissolving tho Council, would be. attended to. (Cheers.) Ho said so because he thought such a course consti- tutional-(cheers)-hecausa otherwise it would be impossible for tho Governor-General to report to the Hume Government that ho had taken the tense of the community. (Clivers.) Eacli repre- sentative should be at once sent bock to ascertain tlio virtual opinions of his constituents. They should bear, in miud, however, tliat a dissolution would lead to the delay of one session ; mid it was 11 question whether tho difficulty would to more easily solved ofter a useless delay. (Hear, hear.) lu reference to the creation ot a Nomi- nee House., ho would quote tho words of an Intel- ligent correspondent of his,'.-whoso lotter had come to hand that day, and who described the attempt as " unconstitutional and disreputable." (Chorra.) Ho selected this lnngnago in order to show that he was not alone in entertaining strong opinions on this subject. What wero tho claims to respect, ho would ask, which such a House would possess? On what basis would Its autho- rity' rest ? It was proposed that its members should bo appointed by the nomination of tho representative of royalty. Ho denied that such could be constitutionally done. How was it pro- posed that it should be kept lu an effective state ? Why, tho Government would have nt any timo the i ower of doing, what they threatened to do in England when tho Reform Hill hung fire, namely, swamping tho second House. (Henr, hoar) Wanting the confidence of tho people, they would become, degraded in their own "eyes. On ocoasion* of lesser import their power would he of no conse- quence, whilo on occasions of difficulty they would be overwhelmed by the combined influence of the popular will in tho represoutntivechamber, and out. of doors. (Loud cheers.) How'was tho self respect of such an nssombly to ho maintained ? Occrepid, feeble, and inactive, they would oven tuully becomo o misery to themselves. (Con- tinued applause.) He begged to thank tho meeting for the patience with which ho lind been heard during tho course of his prolonged address (cries of '* Go on") j and in conclusion ho would again recommend the constitutional coursa which he had before suggested. That was, lo politlón tho Council, in tho first instance, to defer tho reading of the Bill ; if that failed, to potition the Governor- General for a dissolution of tho Coun- cil ; and if that failed, as a last resource, to appeal directly to tho Queen for redress and jus- tice. (Loud and long continued applause.) Mr. ROBERT JOHNSON, in rising to second tho resolution, said that after tho eloquent, argu- mentative, and conclusivo speech which they had just heard from the loamed gentleman who pre- ceded him, the meeting would agree with him that but little was left for him to say. With regard to tho tmth of tho resolution which he had tho honour' to second, ho felt that he needed only to appeal to the arguments used by Mr. Darvall. (Cheers.) Tho question which most seriously suggested itself to the mind of everyone, was, whether we wero to consent to allow BUOII a Constitution as that proposed to bo rendered per- petual. (Choors, and orlos of " No.") By vigor- ous strife ho hoped tho evil would ho averted. If tho proposed form of Constitution.were adopted, ho felt that thoy would not havo the power of revising it. It was constructed on a principle which vas without a precedent. (Loud cheers.) Ile (Mr. Johnson) felt as a colonist of several years standing, that they did not require to tuite tho Constitution of Canada ns a procèdent ; the colunists of New South Wales «oro themselves quito competent to say what tho form of their Constitution should bo. (Loud cheers.) Ha (Mr. Johnson) did not belong to tho class usually denominated Radicals ; ho came forward to denounce tho Consti- tution Bill, because ho belonged to tho class known as Conservative?. (Hear, hear.) Ho opposed tho Bill because he believed no Govern- ment could be Conservative which was not based on popular representation. (Loud cheers.) No body of men nominated in tho manner proposed, could carry out their views in a period of difficulty and danger, because they would bo divested of public confidence. No assembly of men nominated by tho Governor-General or tho Queen could feel themselves in a position to sot their voice in op- position to tho other branch of tho Legislature. (Hear, hear, and eheors.) They would thus bo coine a mero cypher, to.bo heard only in matters of minor note, whilo in greater nmttcrs they would oxerciso ho influonce. Although at first such a IIoiiso ral,;ht contain a considerable amount of respectability, in a few years it would : be desti- tute of any.such thing. (Cheers.) Tho Govern- ment would fail to get men of respectability to supply vacancies. (A voice-" What man would d« it 1") Ile agreed with what had fallen from the last speaker, that they should not find fuuU with thoso men who differed from them, seeing that their views were earnest. (Hoar, and disnp. probation.) Tho acts of tboso mon were, howovor, public acts, open to discussion, and they woro tully entitled to oauvass them. Ho felt satisfied that tho community was almost to a man opposed to tho proposed form of Constitution, (llear, hoar,' and aheers ) ' It was true that tho public did not in these days express their opinions with so much energy as they, formerly did, but .their opposition was irot less now than ever. Ho agreed with what had been said that thoy would not advance their views by abusing thoso who differed from them on tho question tinder discussion. (Hear hear.) . Ho (Jlr., J.) entortnined tho highest rcspoot for their repre- sentativo, Mr. Wentworth. (Groans.) Although that gentleman was generally, looked 'upon as the author of tho proposed measure, he was re joiced to find that publie opinion ivas beginning to. operate'on his mind. (Hear.) Ho found it reported that Mr. Wentworth had said that bo was not wedded to tho principles - of tho Now Constitution and that ba was free to discuss thom, (Cheers and hisses.) , It «sj, however,.'difficult to say what course ho would pttrsuo with regard to tho measure. Hu.(Mr. Johnson) hopod how over, that remembering tho courso whioh events wore toking in the colony, and whioh bo as n political leader bad so lung pursued, bo would not persist in pushing forward tho Bill. (HlsBes, [ groans, and crios of "Down with Wentworth.") It shonld bo remombtrod that lt was to him they owed .tho right of assembling thora that day. Nothing was to bo gained by ingratitude (Cries of "question.") The principle of iiomineelsm had tieon givon up by thc best statesmen of Groat Britain, and be denied that the colonists were bonnd by tho ceranaot rando by tho Legislativo Counoil with tho Government at home to accept of tho presont Constitution. (Hear, hoar, and obcera) They wera exonerated by tho expressed (Opinions ef the present Minister for the Colonies. (Cheers.) Th oro was no other Britlab colony on whioh any thing exocpt tho broad representative principle was eoagbjt to be imposed ¡ and be felt tliot »ny attemptSl' tbjB.'croaiiojdof J» nomlpeo legislativo' ossenibföjmust jUtterly^aH, in any oolony of tho^lflfih Grown.-, (Loud cheer*) Tlio resolution waa putland carried un»m-~ mouely. ,Mr. HB»RT-rJlnKEa (who-wn«-reoei»od-witli loud cheers), rose to move the following reso- lution That tu!» meeting earnestly protests against any attempt, In tho hasty, manner now proiosod In tho legis- lativo Connell, to imposa n Constitution on thu colony, willoh 1s framed In direct opposition to tho wishes of tho people The puhlio wero called upon, by the terms of this resolution, to enter their deliberate and solemn protest against tho constituted legislativo autho- rities of the country, and this was a course which they on "ht not to adopt lightly or without good and sufficient reasons ; for tho legislature of any ! country depended for its power and stability on the Cfiifidence and rcspoct of tho people. And even if ho possessed the power, ho should shrink from, indttciug any ono present to affirm such a resolution . as this upon frivolous or trifling grounds. For we forgot ono of our first duties as citizens when wc forget the respoot duo to those authorities which oven hero to some extent we have brought into cxistenco by our own voice But yet it did appear that there was an over- powering weight ot evidence to lead that meeting \ to ono only course, which was that pointed, ont in ', the resolution which ho had to propose. The mooting would seo that this resolution referred moro particularly to tho manner in whioh this j constitution business had boen conducted hy the Seleot Committee of thc Legislative Council. It ' would he well to advert to tho origin of tho Com ' mitteo ; and he was the more inclined to go , h»ok to the origin ol' that Commlttao, inasmuch as ho could not concur in that ! respeot for tho motivos by whioh it had .been actuated, which hod been avowed by pre [ vious speakers. (Hear, boor.) Ho did nut ? believe that that Committee deliberated with the ! best possible intentions. (Hoar, hear, and cheers.) Ho, ns a citizen, felt called upon to express hi-i ! disbelief in their purity of intention. (Loud , cheers.) Ho believed that no ono who carefully regarded the manner in which it was first formed, . could nvoid the impression that it. was glaringly ' pnoked. (Gronns and hisses.) When Mr. Went- worth first named his Committco, tho nama of \ .Mr. Cowper-who really appeared to havo been \ tho only iroublesomo presooco iiif this cabal ! against tho publia liberty-was omitted, hut ho (Mr. Parkes) remembered that tho nnmo of Mr. i Morris, for one, was included. Ho lind no doBire to express any disrespect towards that young , gentleman'; but he would ask whether flint juvo ¡ nile statesman had been selected for the Commit- tee from bis experience in makins; Constitutions. (Laughter.) lt was evident tba*, the: O'was au " other and moro forciblo reason for the selection ; it was pretty well understood that thnt honour- able gentleman was Mr. Wentworth's echo. (Laughter.) Now whon he (Mr. fatkes) saw Mr. ! Wentworth, whoso great abilities mid perfect knowlcdgo of tho momentous business in hand , ho fully admitted, take one of tho most inexperienced members of tho Council ' to. nsäist him in framing n Consti ' tution-bo was forced to beliovo that this yoong gentleman was selected for other reasons than that ho might moBt oflbotunlly servo tho country. (Immense cheering.) This Committee ! was, however, eventually elected by ballot, and , in the result of that ballot tho nemo of Mr. i Cowper was substituted forthat of Mr. Morris. Two other names were also introduced by that I ref ult, and ho thought that, with tho introduction of those two names, u principio was admitted j into its composition utterly unsound and unoou " stltutioñal-thore wero lidded the Colonial Secre- tary (gronns and hisses) and tho Attorney General. Now, there was no ono who entertained i a higher respect for this latter officer of tho Crown, as a public man, than bc (Mr. Parkes) did; but ho altogether denied tho right of any nominee member of that Houso to assist itt framing a Constitution for tho colony. (Loud cheers.) This objection was takon by Mr. Wentworth himself, ' and it was no doubt a sound and constitutional one. For what was tho principle admitted in this appointment ? It was nothing short of id lowing men who had not been chosen by them i who had in no way been authorised by the voice . of,tho people-not simply to carry on tho ordi I nary legislation of tho country-that was bad . enough nt present-but to uproot tho whole ox i ¡sting order of things-to set np a new Constitu I tion, whioh was to bo snddled upon us and our ) ohildron. (Cries of "never,*'and groans.) Hu i denied'tho right of theso two gentlemen to act upon thnt Committco ; and ho denied, on tho I sarao ground, tho moral competency of tho No , minees, as a body, to vote on this epiostion nt all. i (Cheers.) It was simply a matter of absoluto . right that a Constitution for tho country should \- bo framed by persons who had the consent of tho . people for whom It was to become, law. Such a , position appeared to him unanswerable, and bo f must therefore deny tho moral competency of the > Legislative Council itself, as at prcBcnt const! ) tuted, to frame a Constitution for the colony. I (Loud cheers.) A work of so grand and funda I mental a nat uro should bo delegated to the hnnds i of men elected speoialiy for that task, and for thai i ts.sk alone. 'Tho work was ono oft inmeasurable I' importance, ni.d lay beyond the reach of any I such mongrel body as wo have in existence here, i If any illustration wore needed of tho truth of ; this assertion, ha would point to the monstrous . production which wns now before the public i (Checrsl-a production to which if wo submitted i we should doservo to loso our ttatua as free sub \- jeets of tho greatest nation in tho world. (Loud I obeers.) To roturu to this Select Committee : ho > had carefully examiued tho abstract of their pro , oecdings, published uniter thoir own supervision, und he was struck with tho spirit of levity which ' seemed .to havo characterised their conduct. 1 (Hear, bear.) They wero found doing and un- doing, saying and unsaying, in such nn extraor- dinary manner that ono would suppose, from their notions, they were a paroel ol children ia laugh)-what be recollected on co hearing )aniel O'Connell do.-crib» ns " pickled young- sters"-(loud laughter)-nnd hu (Mr. ' Parkas) . certainly thought O'Connell's idea of "pickled Íoungstura" very applicable to bis friend Dr. 'utiglass nnd to Mr. Jumes Macarthur. (Loud cheers.) It WOB imposai Wo to read tho proceed- ings of that Committco without beiug strongly impressed with the extramo slovenliness and in- consistency displayed throughout. Ho found, for oxamplo, that at an carly meeting ol' tho Com- mittee, whon thore woro six members present bo sidos tho chairman, it was decided that tho con- stituency of Cook an 1 Westmoreland should not have nn additional member, thore being ono (Mr. Martin) for the proposition, and fivo against it. This was tho solemnly resolved decision ofilia Committee; but obsor.vq what fol-' lowed-at tho very noxt meeting, thoy granted to tho constituents in question, m tho teeth ol their own ' decision, nu additional member. (Laughter.) ?. Now ho would appoal to tho moot- ing whether men who could thus turu about and 1 thus jump nbotit from one position lo another, without rognrd to common deconey or decorouui, in conducting publia business, wore fit for tho consideration ol a measuro of such gravo import- ance. (" No, no," and groans.) Would wc, if we had our choteo, select men of such unstnlilo minds to franio a Constitution undor whioh wo and our children were to live ("No, no.") Ho would now procoed to show something further lu opposition to tho sentiment expressed hy a pro vious spook or-that this measure bad boon con- structed with a fervent 'desire- for tho nublio wel- fare. Ho could assura tho meeting that in tho draft roport of this Committco thore wns a clause, whioh, howe vor, hud siuco been expunged, recom- mending an Act of Couuoil to send homo ono of thoh*body to England, as their envoy, with ple- nary power, to tnke caro of this Bill, and urge its enactment ly tho Impcrlnl Legislature. (Groans lind uproar.) Could tuero ba n moment's doubt ns to who would bo tho envoy? (Bonowed uproar.) This clausa contained internal evidence that lt was Written by Mr. Wentworth, who doubtless thought, when ha wrote lt, that it was a very nico clauso (laughter), and anticipated that Ibo Coun- cil would vote a comfortable sum of £2000 or £4000 towards his expenses in Loudon sud on tho Continont. (Laughter.) Now did this look like any very studious regard for, thu public Interests? (" No, no.") Tho mittori was so completely cut and. dried, that it was Im- possible not to seo tho design to take the publia by surprise i tho Committco thought tho house- hold wero all asleep, and they might steal without l*#m \ béhjfg obseiTod, (Laughter,) The resolution 'DoVaubmitteil lo tho mooting also alleged thnt the'Now Constitution hud been framed in direct opposition to tho wishes of tho people ¡ mid no better eridenco of tho truth of this statement could bo adduced than Hie presence of such num- bers on this ocotsion. (Cbocrs.) And how could it bo hoped that a Constitution would find accept- ance with the community, that proposed tho crea- tion of an order of things which scnsiUu men «ere now anxious to get rid of nil over tho world -a Constitution that proposed to appoint a 'houso of legislature in which thc people wero to have no voico wlmtcvot -a Couslitution that proposed to squan- der the publia nionoy in. pensioning off, at full salaries, young men who wero ns well nbla tc work as lie, or any man in that meeting (cheers' -it Constitution which proposed to do this nm! many other wondrous things; but whi;h tho} never would do. (Cheers and laughter.) Ono tl tho speakers had taken u special caro tn inform the meeting that ho was no ltndiual. He (Mr, Parkes) oould not blnino him for this deli oaoy on being found in strange compnnj. but he felt it to be his duty fearlessly tc UBsert that ono of of the greatest evils in tl« colony was tho present unjust and wicked dis- tribution of tho representation. (Loud cheers] Ho had found a cuo to the wonderful ohnngo ir the opinions of tho Committee, ns to whcthui Cook and Westmoreland should have nnothei member, the present member for whicl constituency was doahtloss repaid by this means for his readiness in proposing that the cit¡ of Sydney ^should have only ono addit'oual mom bor. (Laughter.) On tho soino day it wa! decided that four of the pastoral districts shouk havo four additional members, while Sydney wa1 to have only one. Ho would not bo understood as denying, or wishing to deio", the right of tin porso.us engaged in pastoral pursuits lo r.'proscn tatioti, a* ho fully recognised that right ; hut hi maintained that we were not to go beyond tin ordinary limits of the constitution, to érenlo now. fangled and un-English constituencies to me« tho peculiar circumstances of their cose. Tin Imperial Parliament, in granting tho cleeiivi franchise to tho squatters, never intended thu these pocket constituencies should be created loi , their special bom-fit omi putronnge. These nev constituencies were created by the Electoral Act ?iud such was their condition that it was next ti impossible for any vital rction of the electivi principio to bo felt in them. In none oí thesi constituencies had there been nn élection st all some three or four electors meeting together in I comfortable log eabin decided on their delegate mid thou riding over to tho place of nomination chose him in tho presence of two or three gun trees. (A laugh.) From thenco the rcturnei member came to tho Council, where his vote wai of course ns good ns that of u representa tlvo for tho city of Syduey. Why, thii stato of tilings was worso than that of tho oh rotten boroughs hillbro the inking of tho liefern Hill. It was worso in this respect : tho-e bo rough», if they were motiors of patronage, wen iu the hands of highly educated geutlemeu, win almost invariably nominated for these rottet seats men of parliamentary talent. But hero wi 1 always found that tho must useless men in thi 1 Council wero sent from these districts. In somi instances numbers vero loturncd whose pastora occupations prevontcd them from nttendinglo theil parliamentary duties. It was even now stated ii tho Legislative Council that certain squattiuj member* could not wait to attend tho secoue leading of tho New Constitution Bill if it wen postpnnrd, because they were obliged to return ti their stations. These gen'lemon would doubtless think it uurensonablo that so trifling a nia'ter ii! tbc roiistruction of a political constitution shouh hind-r them from looking after their thcep (Loud laughter.) Leok at the district of Nen England, lu the first session of Couiioil thc member for thnt constituency never presoutet himself nt all. The fact thai-tho present mem- ber stopped away a whole session presented u stroiig argument", certainly, why thnt district should hnvo another. (Laughter.) Tet such wm practically tho condncf of ibo Select Committee in the coursé they lind adopted. They had allottee additional mcmbeta to districts tho representa- tivos ol'which did not think it worth their while to attend. .(Laughter.) Ho would now advert to the manifest impatience with which it had lec-o endeavoured to hurry this Bill through tho House. When the honourable and learned author of tho Bill first introduced tho matter, he deprecated nuy discussion cm tho occasion, inti- mating thnt the principle would bo fully dis- cussed on its first reading. When it carno to be read a first time, tho honournblo member still deprecated all discussion, hoping that this might bo deferred to its second rending, ns thc moro firoper time. And lie (Mr. Parkes) firmly bo ieved, and thoso who hid closely watched tho proceedings must also believe, thnt tho design in this manouvre was to put oft'ns much as possible all discussion-to keep back tho debate-to stiflo all consideration of tho question till thc lust ina meut, and then to precipitate tho measure through the Houso mid fasten it upon tho country. (Cheers.) Nor could he see in candour how such manifestations of conduct in tho authors of this scheme entitled them to any great consideration ut our "hnnds for tho purity of their intentions-. We were told that great points would bo concedud 1 -that tho peeraga would bo given up-that Sydney should be allowed three additional mem- bers instead of one-that tho pastoral distiicts should not have tho lion's share in the represen- tation. . He (Mr. Parkes) did not ol' course know whether these announcements wore authorised, bat if BO, it appeared to him only heaping insult upon injury. If this was tho purity, of motivo that was innnifostcl, it was like thc purity of motivo to bo detected in tho man who asked you £5 fur what ho intended to sall for £2 ; or who attempted to rob you of your watoh mid purso, mid on finding ho could not get it, said that you woro welcome to keep it. (Luud laughter) Why, if it was now right that Sydney should havo six members, it was equally so when tho Comm i Ileo was sitting. (Cheers.) They seemed to hope that, in consideration of such concessions ns these, wo should spnra our denun- ciations of tho other objectionable portions of tho measure-if they relinquished thair plundor, that wo would not sot tho police upon them. (Loud laughter) Per bis part, ho would advise the people to plaoo no trust whatever in tho present Legislativo Council ; but, at tho Samo time, to 1 insist loudly on tho necessity of having a new Constitution at once framed, mid its conside- ration delayed no longer. It had been advisod that the mutter should bo postponed for further consideration. But was it right for us to delay tho alteration of tho present Constitution, when so gross mid (liiprar.tnn attempt upon our liberties ? was inndo. (Cries of "no, no," and cheers.) Should wo postpone, for a single day this Impor- tant work, whou wo had such manifest proofs of tho viciousness of tho body which now overrode tho destituas cf the country ? (Cries of" no, no,'1 and cheers.) Whatever decision wo might como to today, Wo must moot again and again,, and insist upon a Constitution being formed, with or without tho concurrence ol' tho Legislative Council, BO long, ns it wns stamped with the concurrence and approval of tho whole community, it would ho treated with rospoot by tho Imperial PavMnmont. (Loud cheors,) Ho would nguiu urge upon tho mooting not inconsiderately lo adopt n resolution whioh reflectad harshly upon tho proceedings of tho legislature. Ho trusted they would ouly ailinn lt as the result of their anim and solemn conclu- sion, after bestowing their best attention on the subject, and us» tho em hod i mont of their deter- mined resolution. (Loud cheers.) But familiar us all prcnont must bo with tho noblo examples of modem England, and with tho associations of their great nnd advancing country resting upon 'their minds-familiar as they must be with the high exam: les and tho cloquent teachings of the glorióos dead, whoso life-words ef patriotism pealed like trumpot-tonus from every period of our national history, and wera echoed back from every shore whoro men vero free (loud cheers), thev would need no words from him to roiiBO their indignation, no argumento from bim to convince . their judgments, no appeal from him to strengthen their resolution to resist tho iniquitous measure which it was now throntonod to inflict on this long misgoverned oouulry, (Loud and enthusiastic ohovrlng.) Mr, J, L. MoKianoiiB briefly sceendod tho reso- lution. After the very nblo manner in which thc resolution bud bee» moved, bo would simply nrgo Hint it should be cnnied into effect w Uh otierirv, activity, nuil feeling, (Loud cheero.) The resolution was then jrnt to tile meotiiilf, »nd enthusiastically curried. Mr. J. W. Buen, - M.O.t -It might- bo ~ oonsidored an aot of prent presumption on his part to occupy a prominent position in such a hirge und enthusiastic meetin" of tho " citizens of Sydney : but the subjcat wasof sucli vital importance to the wholo eommunity, «nd so affecting the welfare of the entire colony, that ho felt it to be the duty of every colonist'to come I forward, oud to tho utmost endeavour to carry out tho objects of this meeting. (Cheers.) Ho particularly felt this course imperative on him ns a member of tho Legislative Council, abd a re- presentative of the people. In that Houso there existed a strong, ' a 'most poworful pnrty in favour of thu'me'nsúré now introduced and that measure would, undoubtedly', ho carried' but for tho strongest determination on the part of tho pcoplo, and their determination to -resist ' tho proposed Bill to tho utmost. It was upos this principio that he would submit to tho meet- ing tho following resolution, to whioh he hoped tiley would respond, both now, and on future . occasions That «¡ls meeting pledges Itself to resist, by «rorv Constitutional means in its power, tho forinatlou of an» sum-age C'Ii'imlior vhich *» aal t"»sod upou iMpukw Ile did not think, that in tho faco of snob a largo and enthusiastic assembly as this, those who took so active a part in framing the New Consti- tution could attempt to proceed with the seoond reading. And, If in splto of this unanimous nnd unmistakable demonstration, the Bill shuuld still bo persisted iu, it would thou ho for the meeting, lo renew their agitation. (Load cheers.) And should the Bill pass, they must then petition tho Queen,and thc Bri tit h Hoiries of Parliament, ngainst its hcooming tho law of this colony. The objects of tho British Go- vernment, in offering to this oniony a Constitution of its own, was to give it a full, com. plot?, absolut--' solf-govornmcnt; and lids could never hs accomplished by ti nominee Upper House. It lind been said that tho proposed aristocracy would in romo degree be assimilated to the British House of Lords, but he entirely disagreed with tho gen i lemon holding such a doctrine. Although the House of Lords wns on independent body, it was still responsible to tho people, with- out' whoso support it could not exist. Should the Hou-:e of Lords on_ any occasion interfere; witli tho unanimous opinion of tho people, it must give wny_, or nt oncn coate to eiist; Ho would briefly ndvert to the opinions now entertained hy certain members of the Council ns to tho advantages of'a Nominee House, and to tho despatch upon the subject. It was said the Council was pledged to adopt the form of government uow proposed. But it would bo found that tho despatch from Slr John Pakington, in acceding to the request of the Connell, th»t tho Crown Lands of tho colony should bi given into tho banda of thu Legislature, stated that tho British Government wsro quite willing to grant this request, so soon ns wo should have framed a Constitution for ourselves. And in order that this mijiht be effected ns speedily as possible, ho addcd-th.it. if wo ehoso to adopt a form of go. vcnini'iit similar to that of Calinda, ho wns quito ready to admit that as tho principio of our Con. vBtilution. But this was merely contingent on ,"our heilig willing to adopt that form of govern mont, and never mentioned it ns n sine gua non. But tlint gentleman had now left oflice, and let us henr what tho Duke of Newcastlo has written. He said that his colleagues und himself cordially ndoptcd the opinion of their successors. In referring to tho proposed Select Committco of tho Legislative Council, for constructing ths Now Constitution, ho distinctly remarked that ho iras ignorant of the shape which this measure would eventually assume. These words demonstrated most uninswernhly that we were not pledged to nuy particular form of government ; but it abo showell, that tho Home Government wero willing to give up tho Crown lands, when tho colonists bael determined on their future Constitution. (Loud cheers.) He would just call attention lo tho opinions of Mr. Wentworth. (Oroans ar.d hisse.».) It would bo remembered that during thc lust Session he proposed a Constitution dif- ferent in many particulars from that wliiaji ht now.brought forward. In that Constitution it wns laid tlown ns a principle, that the Upper House should bo built upon a popular basin, being formod of the representativos ol' the people. Mr. wentworth did not then eny that ire wore pledged ; this was not heard of till ofter the receipt of Sir John Pukington's despatch. Whether it was that such an understanding favoured t,he prospects of certain members in their share iu tho distribution of tho Crown lands, he did not know ; he could only suppose such to be tho ca»e. (Hoar, hear, and laughter.) Ho would refer tho meeting to the debate in tho Council on tho loth December Inst, on Mr. Darvall's motion that lt »'ns expedient tiiat tho second rending cf tho Constitution Bill should bo fnrthcr postponed, ia consideration of its having been so short a tirad heforo tho public. On that occasiou Mr. Went- worth stated But when bc considered tho stato of tho Umist', ona moro than that, tho state of parties lu tho llnmt-th» .division of publie opinion on thoso measures, thu divi- sion of opinion, oven In tho Kolcct Committee, rcsis-cuaj them, he felt lt deslrulilu to pans». Jiu found, evon lu Committee, that thtro weru i-ontllcting opinions, somo la favour of a Nominated Council, rome lu favour of aa Kleetlvu Council, soma In favour of ono J/osrhlsturf. some In favour of Two House**, and some In turoar ot their prcsunl Constitution, of a mixed Homo of nomi- . nées and representatives. Ho found the parties In the . Committee holding thom confliotlugopliilonflworeftiualij- - balanced, and bo must say bo did not think lt would M wiso to call now for any pretuptory legislation on tW subject, lt would not bo fair whon thoso croat dlvonlttti of opinion existed, tn KO Into th« discussion on tho mo- lest lu a Houso from which moro than ono-fourthof tlis nicuihois were absent. But hoar his reasons Ho felt that lt would bo unjust to Hint party who wore la favourer an electivo Upper Houeo, and houlso felt that Ms own proposition of an Lpporllouso.chosuntoolargtH'xleat from thc representatives of tho pmp'c, would stand at present lu au equally hopeless caso fa voice-** 5 Uo"J whilo tho proposition of til» honourable Colonist Seara tary, who was in favour of a Hourn) entirely nominated by tho Executive, would bo sura to bo acceded to. This was Mr. Wentworth's reason for consent- ing to tho adjournment on tho second reading. Yet, what did ho now soy f Why, that wo were now pledged to support the proposal for an en- tirely Nominee Upper House. (Hisses and groans.) Ho would, however, rond an cïlrncj from a speech of Lord John Russoll, which uoidd brar npon this subject ; and he would remind tl» Mootiug that tho groat feav of tho gentlemen [ who supported this measure iras of the tendeuey ! to democracy in this oolony. ("Oh! oh I'') But hear his Lordship It wns said last year, and T think H was a proarof UlHo wisdom lu him who said lt, tiirtt ho would cudeuvonr lp rule this country so os to check tho advance of demo. craey. lVpvnd upon lt, that the ruler who sets hlnwou to encole thu advance, of democraoy will but Jncronw tno irritation, nnd augment tho Influença of tho IOM« ogiilnst which ho sots liluiseirs but If you will consult «i» Interests of thu people, you will maleo deinocrnt'jr coiuff vatlve ; you will carry democracy with you lnsleiul or having lt to oppose you a« an enemy. This f»cuiJ to ra« thotrue policy for I'arllunent to pursuei Ho would oonelttdo with thanking tho nudiiiico for tholr patient attention. (Loud cheers.) Mr. HKNIEUT seconded tho resolution, Why ho lind boon selected to speak to tho present resolution he know not, BOVS that na a native or . tho colony he might naturally bo expeolcd to feel something liko real interest, and to »pyalc with Bomothlng liko reel fcollng on n question «II nootcd with tho political institutions of Wi country. Ho would do his host to respond to that .invitation of "Speak np," and would |ier haps balance doflcfcnoicB flowing from . tmju volume of voioo by in all oases calling tb'ii^s vj thoir right nnmos. (Cheers.) He protested »ga«« tho present daring and unheard-of sttonnd. te tamper with a fundamental popular right-»T* ol'having a voice in tho nomination of men "lio woro lo ninko, or oontrol, tho making of, un binding on Ibo community-laws perpetually shifting, and changing oven tho iotero of tho wiwin . soolttl economy of a given state» nnd frequently oporating in tho Bubllost forms on tho very dear- est interests of the oltteon-on MB dpmc»iio, nt» moral, tterhaps his religions rolalions. Tho iiemo of Mr. Wentworth bad frequently been mentioow thore that day, and that on ono or two occas OM willi nn unwise tenderness, a squDamUli rt no lance to speak plain English, «nd call o*rls« ttnstr doings of Mr. Wentworth's by tb» oratf homólr appellatives, simply beconso thoy von Mr.'VVentworth's. Ho for one wns nowise d^W' ns prooedlng speakers bad seemed, in topping tm» vast shoulder of Mr. Wentworth's political rt« .creanciei, to "d-n bim with faint praise and saUdimed eulogy/', . (Load- cheers.) He bsd listened from boyhood! upwards to gray tradition! ?of Mr. Wentworth's demagogic Areoplgiticss-hil -speeches for the liberty of unlicensed printing under the despotic régime of Darling; and for these and divers other deeds of a time- when tho honourable member for Sydney bad to the full his share of the chivalrous pugnacities of five-and-twenty, he was ai muoh disposed to givo Mr. Wentworth credit as any man.' lint with these perpolual/íiHíajítij, these everlasting variations on tho " Light of othor Day»,*'.continually ringing in his ears, ha (Mr. D.) was fain to inquire by what rule of moral and political appraisal, it was sought te throw in a sosle opposite to that containing the flagrant end shameless political dishonesty of years, tho democratic escapades, sins long since repented of, of early youth. (Loud cheers.) The subsequent political cwiduot-rather tho systematic political principles 'of- Mr. Wentworth-had boen such as would have been sufficient to cancel thc value of even a century of action ns noble, ns pare, as'heroic as ever bumed the image of ono groat human lifo ou a nation's »emory-commending it not only to "tho tears and praises of all 'time,'' but of all countries. Tho British Constitution bad been frequently spoken of that afternoon, in terms of unbounded laudation. That Constitution certainly deserved to be spoken of with rospcot ; he (Mr. D.) rc epected it, no doubt thoy all respected it. But his was a qualified^ respect at best, and in all presumed assimilations of tho political hypo- theses' of our colonial Costitution.makers with tho Constitution of Great Britain, be wained thom not be seduced by mere words and phrase* \--sheer " talkee talkee." Relatively, it was not only an admirablo example of slowly growing, anti gradually elaborated political experience applied, sot in action, but it was also eminent ami exemplary ns a living history, »till evolving, of political philosophy. But it was, afier all, but relatively good, for its wonder- fully suocessful fusion of principles the most antagonistic. Bnt though the British Constitution was relatively perfection, yet ia any absoluto sense, it was far from such, lt was au*admirable monument of slowly growing-of wise, elabóralo, sud gradual adaptation of political experience to tho circumstances which always mould tho fea- tures of a society of feudal origin as dis- tinguished from one of purely commercial growth. Circumstances on til cly alter eases, and ho would worn them to bo seduced by no mere vague asso- ciations exhaled from tho uso of venerable phrases, that had, what phrases now-a.dnys seldom could . boast, genuine meanings attached to them. Tho : patrician elorncnt existed in th» British Consti- tution ns did tho regal, for good reasons-it lind . stood in tho way of nil later lcglslatorhd thought .' and operation ns a grout fact ; ns such it was han- dled, and in a deep and prudential spirit of con : servatisin allowed tn stand-but ns ufl'ectiug tho j basis sud foundation of the aroblteoturo of a Con- stitution-tho electivo principia neutralised for all detrimental influence, by conversion, practi- cally, into a mere check upon the deliberations or j tbe'initiativo section of the Legislature, (Loud j clieerÈ^. And having tho right to frame, to em J tody, to simpe it as we would, with no great stub 9 bom fuels to work upon as in Enirlund. thoro was nothing but tbo elective principle and tho inalien able freedom of every colonist, upon which to work out the whole organisation and body of our political institutions. (Loud clivers.) But be cause it was tho good pleasure of Mr. Wentworth and tho respectable tail of that puissant legisle tive body, whose serpentine movements (lou laughter) were so ridiculous, we were not to form our own Constitution, but instead of this we were to have an Upper House and a Constitution cast upon us, upon a pattern which should suit the taste and propriety of political oligarchs, who treated the people at large as if they were cattle to be bought and sold in tho market (loud cheers), or as they indeed were in American Slave States, and now in Australian markets (tremendous chcoring), where we might find bamboozled coolies and kidnapped Chinamen (Immense applause.) And being in a figurative humour,he might endeavour to make some of the proposed nobility' to pass before tho stage of our imagination, as tho ghost of Banquo walked along in tho vision of Macbeth, so that we might have a fair view of these harlequin aristocrats (laughter), these Botany Bay magnificoes (laughter), these Australian mandarins. (Roars of laughter.) Let them walk across the stage in all the pomp and circumstance of hereditary titles. First, then, in tho procession stalks the hoary Wentworth. But he could not imagine that to such a head the strawberry leaves would add any honour. (Cheers.), Next came the native aristocrat, Mr. James Macarthur, he would, he supposed, aspire to the coronet of an earl, he would call him the Earl of Camden, and he would suggest for his coat of arms a field vert, tho heraldic term for green-(great cheers und laughter)-and emblazoned on this field should be rum keg of a New South Wales order of chivalry. There, was also tho colonial starred Terence Aubrey Murray, with more crosses and orders—not perhaps orders of merit than a state of mandarinhood, (Loud laughter.) Another friend who claimed a colonial title was George Hubert Nichols, tho hereditary Grand Chancellor of all the Australias. (Roars of laughter.) Behold him in the serene and moody dignity of that portrait of Rodius's that smiled on us in all tho public-house parlours-(loud laughter)-the gentleman who took Mr. Lowe to task for altering his opinions ; this conqueror in the lists of law and the victor in tho realms of gab. It might be well to ridicule the doings of such a clique, but their doings merited burning indignation—yet, to speak seriously of such a project would too much resemble the Irishman's kicking at nothing, it wrenched one horribly, (Laughtcr.). But, though their weakness was ridiculous, he could assure them that these pig- mies might do a great -deal of mischief. They would bring contempt on a country whose interest he was sure they all had at heart, until even tho poor Irishman in the streets of Dublin would fling the jibe at tho Botany Bay aristocrats. In fact, he was puzzled how to classify them. They could not aspire to tho miserable and effete dignity of tho grandees of Spain. (Laughter.) They had antiquity of birth, but then he would defy any naturalist properly to classify them, But perhaps it was only a specimen of the re- markable contrariety that existed at tho Anti- podes, Here they all knew the common water mole was transferred into tho duck-billed platypus, and in some distant emulation of this generation, he supposed they were to be favoured with a bunyip aristocracy. (Great laughter.) Ke trusted that this was only the beginning of a (»ure extended movement, and from its auspicious ncncement he augured the happiest results. «rs.) A moro orderly, united; and consol! d luovctncut ho liad ncvor witncssoJ. He t say that he was proud to belong to Botany Bay. cu took it as no term of reproach, when he saw that there was such a keen sensibility on tho sub- ject of their political rights-(obeers)-that the tant the liberties of their country were eatened, they could assemble, and, with one voice, declare their determined and undying op position, (Clioers.) But ho would remind them that this was not a selfish consideration ¡ (hero É*o wider interests at stake in the present disturbed state of Europe, they must calculate on lting to receive tho poor. Russian flying from the knout of his oppressor. (Olioors.) fgftl. «ho, looking at tho gradually iii Bg'iog pressure of political parties at home, they must prepare to open their arms and receive the fugitives from England, Scotland, and Ireland, who would hasten to gain security and a competence, that appeared to be «id them in their own country. (Ohocrs.) ^interests of theso countless thousands were Whod in their decision on this occasion, and W looked, and were entitled to look for a heri SJ befitting tho dignity of free men. (Qront gnng.) Bring them not here with delusive fl*", let them not find a new fangled aristo- cracy haunting these free shores (cheers), but it is ".j¡to offer them a land, where man is rewarded »is labour, and where tho law no more recog *tho supremacy of a class than it recognises »predominance of a religion. (Great cheering.) [there is an aristocracy worthy of our ambi J YUierover man's skill ls eminent, wborever ww ossorts Its elevation, there is an arlstc Wllmt coiifors bouonr on tho land Mint possos ?II. That is God's aristocracy. (Great ehoerlng.) »B aristocracy that will grow sud expand under free institutions, and bless the land i it flourishes, (Cheer«.) He hoped »hey. \ take into consideration the 'hitherto barron . ditton of tho country they wore legislating He Was a native of this young' but glorious < i nent. Its past was not hallowed in histor tito achievements of men whose names reflec j light on the times in which they lived. had no jong line of poets, of statesmen, and j rions ; in thia oountry art bud dono nothing nature everything. It was theirs to iuaugi I tho future. (Great cheering.) lu no cov had the attempt been successfully made to manu facture an aristocracy pro re nata. It could not be done. They might ns well expect honour to bo paid to the nobles of King Kamehameha, or tho the ebony earls of Emperor Soulouque of Hayti. Tho acristocracy of England was founded on tho sword. Tho that came over with William tho Conqueror tho masters of the Saxons, and so were tho aris- tocracy. Tho soldiers of Cromwell were masters of the Irish, and so became their aristo cracy. But he should like to know how Went worth and his clique had conquered tho inhabi tauts of New South Wales-(great eheerin except in tho artful dodgery of doctoring up a Franchise Bill ? (Great laughter.) If wo were to bo blessed with an aristocracy, he would rather should not resemble that of William tho Bastard but of Jack tho Slapper. (Groat laughter.) he trespassed too long on their time-(" no, : ¡ -and would only so«k, in conclusion, to pu! record two things. First, his Indignant dent ntion of any tampering with tho purity of the elective principle, the only basis upon wihch good government could be placed, mid secondly wished them to regard tho future destiuiu their country. Let them, with prophetic eye behold the troops of weary pilgrims from foreign despotism, which would, ere long, be flocking to their shores, and let them now givo tho i earnest assurance that such men as composed the Wentworth clique were not the representatives of the spirit, the intelligence, or tho freemen of New Sooth Wales. (Vehement and prolon applanso.) The resolution was put, and ptts3ed un motisly. Mr. T. S. Hoar, in rising to proposo tho foi resolution That th« proposed nltcratlon of tho Electoral Act ls cahitod to tncrcasothat inequality in theil* ropnj.ionlii i of which tho Colonists lmvu so justly complained, w; Inequality, instead of being incruaseel, ought »ow ti r rwtiltcd, und thu representativo system cstublhdioj o I just and satisfactory bml.1. addressed them as gentlemen, though, were i I meeting not to have its desired etl'eot, ho mi have to address thom at some future time as "my lords and gentlemen.'' (Great laughter.) I after tho grand demonstration which lie i before him he could not believe the mensuro tl wera met to condemn would over pass. Heslio not detain them at any length ; nod after magnificent and patriotic speech they had j listened to bo felt it would bo unnecessary to so. He imagined that the measure was so < trctnoly absurd that it proved it« own bane c antidote, and exhibited another proof of tl pregnant fact that there was but ono step fr tho sublime to tho ridiculous. In fact, thcro \ absolutely no need to discuss ibis soberly as nutter that was really contemplated ; they w only laugh nt it. (Loud cheers.) Ho cousieloi 1 tho resolution which he had tho hom lo submit to their approval was quito Be evident, and ho would tay, ho was surprised tho want of foresight mid policy evinced by t Committee, in only granting to tho importu etty of Sydney one additional member. H tboy looked nhond at till, tiley would have grant them a larger moatuie ol' grace, hut having sho' their inability to appreciate tho true baris representation, he thought they could not exp«, more crace than they had shown. It was, ho over, he felt, quito needless now to enlarge this subject ; ho was satisfied that tho nicotln« I saw he turo him liad quite settled tho epiestie and lia should content himself with moving I I resolution, ( Mr. J. P. FAWKNER, M.C. of Victoria, begg' . to second tho resolution, »nd should have hui , rory willing on that occasion to. give, them ' lung dissertation on tho important subject th , had railed Hiern together, but the stale of li ! health would prevent his addressing thora : any great length, but he must express his o iremodelight to observo such a complete refittstie I of tho calumny that was so frequently urgi . against them, of their indifference, to thc political liberties. (Cheers.) Ho wou proccod, if they would allow him, ¡ read thom a low statistical papers wide lie thought would convince them, if anythii: I could, that they needed a reform in tho preset , udninistrntion of their affairs. (Cheers.) Ii I addressed thcro as men of the Anglo-Saxon rac that race which was now tho predominant on olid a race which, only 300 yinrs ogr», tuimbcrc but 2,000,000 of souls ¡ it wiis now a race thr. WAS numbered at (¡0,000,000, and it was i neron! ing nt a moro rapid ratio than st any period i ils bistorv. He looked forwsrd to thc time who it should arrive at 1000,000,000, and should 1> spread over this vast continent, the resources c which werenlmost illimitable. This race ind nhvav shown its capacity for self- government, and ha risen superior to any attempts to confino its libel ties. How was the llot'orm Bill pnsscd ? Wii paned tho repeal of the Corn Laws ? Or, nga.it . look ut the spectacle that was presented in IP li > when tho Chartists roso in thousands, nolbin but tho energy of tho poople put them down, nm bo was convinced that tho samo energy und th i same spirit would be manifested boru on thl attempt to deprivo thom of their rights. (Cheers, i It bad been said by a previous spoako tbnt tho aristocracy of England was formed b, ¡ tho conquering race, but bo would tell them, tba they bad an aristocracy bero who had nove actually in an opon way conquered them, bu yet had managed, by bad laws, to got into theil hands the control of tho lnnd. Thcro wa boro an aristocracy of squatters, who wer in possession of no less than two hundrci and fifty millions of acres of tho best lani in tho country. This vost amount of oonutr was distributee! among only 1800 persons, nm thor have tho land on such terms that it is ii their power to buy every nero of it nt twonti shilling*-! per aare, if they could get suflichin o.iplt-al. Now, heroro this generation would puB away, ho would prophesy without fear of contra, diction, that that land would bo worth one thoa sand millions pounds sterling. And bo took tin roturns of tho anio of land lu Viotorin tn giddi bim. From Government return?, he found timi before tho gold was discovered laud that hail been sohl lu thousands of ocros for 3s. poi acre, WOB afterwards sold nt Xi per nero, Now, bo would cali those fiftoon hundred squatters a colonial nrlstourooy, and ho would show thom at n-hnt a rate theso gentlemen paid for their magnificent estates, flo found that last year thoy paid as rent for this 230,000,000 of acres, the sum of £37,500. (Oh, ob.) Whut a paltry sum was this. Why, tho industrious hard- working diggers paid Inst year tho sum , of £00,000 as rent, and they calculated on receiving from- tho Bama class this year ns much as £80,000. (Cheers.) Again, consider tho ex- penso to .willoh this small body of inhabitants nut tho country, in tho shape of 'govornmput. lie found from returns before bim that tho ct. penso of police mid other items of government ill tba squatting dlstrials was as much as one third of tb« expenso of tho government of tho ' whole colony, and this was iuonrrod for 1500 in- habitants. (Chcors.) Sid ho not toll thom that they bad already an aristoorooy ? (Cheers.) Another inrlnnoo of pandering to tho squatting Interest was affbrdod by Wentworth's Aol of tho 25th of Soptombcr, 1850, willoh was mado into law, like thia moasuro was proposed to bo, in a : very few . days j this Act gave tho squat tors power io ohargo what sum thoy ploasoiffor driving oattlo offthoir runs that bsd strayed upon thom. And to suoh nu oxtont was this neted upon in Violarla, that Instanoos had occurred wboro ns niuoh us 7s. Cd. had huon charged for driving horsos, mid Ss. Gd. for sheop, a dlsianoo of 100 yards. He would iustanao an- other Act-Hint which freed tho goods nud s took of squatters from auction duty. This was n alear robbery of n community for tao benefit of a OIBBS. (Cheers.) Thc following foot would show tho Ini- quity of lotting theso mon possess thdlr lands at suoh a small sam. Ho fouud that tho wholo rent that they paid for those 350,000,000 of auras did uotatntniut toas much as tho inhabitants of tba colony paid lu tbs form of a tax on their tobacco. (Oil, oh.) Tho (ax on tobacco was £41,000 tlio; rout rocoived was £37¡500. . ' Ho kne' squatter in tho Victoria district who ! 8S3,G0O acres of land, tor which he only' p , vent of £10 per annum, while some of the [ granti, who come out from Englsnt Melbourne, if thoy want a little of _ laud a few yards square, to their tent upon, aro charged Ss. per week, 01 per year, (öliunie, shame.) Ho would ask was this just, was it equitable Î (No, no.) lie should like to read them ono extract i would show them tho opinion of Mr. E. Thomson on these matters. It appeared ii Empire, on Friday Inst, in a report of his s] in the Council. " Ho would statu that Un vernuiont had always taken great care to g the public interests ; in ull thu dbtriots in vi lands wore let, extensivo reserves were sot i for the foundation of townships, and also for fr Another provision was, that if at any timo ce parts of tho land were roquired for tho p sevviuo, they might ba withdrawn. But, ot other hand, Government wero hound to kee] strictest failli willi those parties who bad induced to expend largo amounts of capit stooking tuns and forming stations in par the country where, bit for the facilities ofl'i j there would he no inducement for Inveitn Thoso partios liad rtceived distinct plodges : j tiio Government ; aud under any circumsto i thoso pledges must bo redeomud." And it w shew them how carefully he watched tho int«: of ihi-s colonial aristocracy. (Bear, huar.) ho was now informed that ho must draw nh marks toa close, as thc timo was udvancing. in conclusion ho would inge thom exort tl selves in every way in their power- to hold n inga all over tho longth and breadth of the eo -and never to let tho matter rest until tboy Ibo control of tho representation in their hands. And ho would pray them 1 bon to a them in Victoria to put a slop to this iniqui system of robbery. He begged to second thc solution. (Great cheering.) Tho resolution was then put to tho meet and curried unanimously, with groat onthnsias Tho Venerable Archdeacon M'liscuoa roa proposo tho fifth resolution That tile present J.c>;irdatlvu Council having clucU'd without re/crencu to the pru{>osbd chaiifcc of i slltutlun,thi> colonist* ar« untitled to doraand tile In Ix sillon of «ttcU delay between tho first and sw reHdliiHS of tho i>ro|iosod lilli, as wilt cnaMu th>-i e.\jirc.ia their views fully on this momentous riuogtloi It had been said that ho had no business, I Churchman, to he present on that occasion, bu took another and more extended view of his di Five years ago he took part in tho political dis cussions that agitated tho country, and on very epot on which ho then stood, be '. advocated tho abolition of the convict syst Ho mndo a resolution then, that when that ' obtained, he would abstain from taking pan public affairs ; but ho thought that now the 1 of ruthi.-.h wus removed, now that they bai clear and a clean stago to work upon, he elie not bo out of placo in taking part in tho cons! ! ration ef tho Constitution, by which they wert bo governed. (Cheers.) Ha coucei I that his humble voice, as the i nister of peace and good-will to man, mil I well be employed in discussion of snch au i portant topic, and ona so essential to the ligious as well us temporal welfare of tho oo mun i ty. (Cheers.) lu looking over tho Bill w .which they wero threatened,ho observed that olauso was inserted which provided tbat minister of any religious denomination what« was to bo allowed to tuko his eoat in eill council. Now ho did not altogether disag with that, because he thought that if a minis attended properly to his duty he would (Iud qn enough to do. But ho thought it was bad ta for them so cntiroly to ignoro tho exertions tl hud been mudo by churchmen in former ages secure Hie liberties of tho nuoplo. (CTicot Who was it, ho would ask, that joined tho Bare at Bunnymodo, and forced from tho rebuilt hand of tho monarch tho Magna Charta i was a Bomnn Catholic priest, Stephen Langt (ohoers), aud ho thought it was very bud taste maka such n gratuitous exception against t members of bis profession. Bo bad a very ca duty to perform in submitting to their appro) tho resolution which ho held in 1 hand, indeed ho thought it mig almost be taken as an axiom, a matter needing argnmoiit whatever. It did not enter into t propriety of this or that law, but it simply e scrtcd the fact that tito present Counoil karil been elected without reference to this purtioal duty, a time should he guttered to elapse auf oient to enable thc colonists to express the opinion on tho momentous matter now mid consideration. Tho idea of such a question heit hurried through tho llouto iii (he space of a fe days after its introduction, waa something qui ridiculous, if cot worse. This was no («tri i question, but ouly whether thoy could allow thc representativos, or, he should say, their rulers, t run uwuy holtet -skelter in the race of rash logii lation-(cheers and laughter)-to gallop along i this stcojilo-clmso stylo over important fields i onquiry. (Laughter.) Tho resolution called o them to wait a bit, aud it suggested that thci were, perhaps, people as wiso outside os in tl Houso. (Luttghter.J More especially was tt di sirablu, as ho fuuud the measure was uf th« character that they wero to bo loaded for tl term of their natural lives, like paokhorsca (luttghtcr)-with a burden of legislation wilie tiioy should uever bo uble to shako off. Il i would tell thom tho opinion of a lawyor on th subject, a greater lawyer than he was, ho mean I tho late Lord Plunkett, tho Lord Chanoillor c Ireland. When tho union was discussed in th Irish Houso of CommonB by the wretched momher ol' whom that body then consisted, Plunkett tal them that tho question was beyond their powers they were constituted to make laws for the na lion, but not to sell its liberties. (Cheers.) Tb question waB, had they tho power to commit / He te ; wero their representatives entitled t make laws" by which their future prosperit; .must bo regulated t By great good luck, the; hud ontrusted to them, ns a nation, as i people, tho construction of n conttilati'ina Government. Ho hopod Univ would set about i 'in a deliberate and reasonable manaor, aud fora ono on such a basis that it should bi tho admiration of succeeding generation and a model for tho imitation of empires ye unformed. (Cheers.) If tho Houso should taki np the qncstion in the spirit they havo al rotuli manifested, ho feared tho result would bo vorj similar to tho unlbrtuunto position of tho Au» tralinn lioyul. Mull Steam Packet Company, wit! their prooious contruot which they got from. Ear Groy (tho only pooplo who over did get .UYthiu; from him by the bye.) (Hoars of laughter.) Wc nevor got anything. (Continued lu ugh ter.) ThTt matebloss company nt tho time they obtained their coutraet had not a single ship built. But tlioy wout to work immediately to bave them made of thu best materials ¡ but for want of due deliberation they would not work, something was always wrong-now tho ongitia was ont of order -now tho rudder would not work-and the> result had been nothing but disappointment and disgust. (Cheers and laughter.) Was lt not melancholy to look at that uiagiiifloeut stvitm-sbip whiuh was uow lying nt tba othersidoof tho harbour-tho Hominis umbra of tho company. To n lint was ibo fallut o to bc ntlributod T Ile would toll them-to a want of duo regulation of tho moving power ta, the work it hat! lo perform, and lo tho basto and precipita timi of their movements!. (Cheers.) lia would waru thom that that stoam-sblp might bo an apt specimen of what their Legislature .would btfeome, il thu samo faults willah had bcon so prejudicial in tito one enso wcrj to bo nllowod in tba otb or. (Great cheering.) Much bad been Bald with re- gard - to a Houso of Lords ; bo should be glad indcod if they could bave a noble hons» of »uah a oharautor descend to thom from liaavei) (laugh tor) i but in tho colouy bo did not hopo to dis eover tho olemunts of which il could be composed. It was Uko tho old oak troo, lt was tito growth of a thousand years, and where it hud fixed lt« roots it spread a wido and grateful shado. Tboy etould not plant such nu institution in a day. (Oboers.) What wes wanted for this oolony wa» » strlolly progressive syBtom of government, wblob should extend its basis In an oqnnl proportion with the ndvanolng civilisation of tho age, (Cheers.) Lot thom hoar whtd, the first of English states-, mon bad sold on tb» present syattm of Omero mont in the United Slates. Lord John Russell, in a speech ho tumlo tho other day, confessed that it was the form best adapted for recently de- veloped countries, thors tho Sonata was a body which commanded the ro»pect and cttecm o people, lt steered clear between the two'extr of democracy and oligarchy, and'held thc lanca with a steady hand, lt was formed.in 1 und «¡ace that period had continuad to imf in judgment and in the esteem of the com (Cheers.) Now, ho would say that it Was in .slbte for thom in tho spaoe of ten or twelvo to bit npon tho just medium that was rcqv for this colony, so we ask fur delay. They all present, be believed, only ene interest to « that was tho good of their common covintr for himself he had neither chick nor child (i of laughter), to look to ; and tho interest of people was the mainspring that animated on tbU occasion. (Cheers.) And bo caw that tho Hill prevented the reversic this cnaotmoiit, except hy a majority of thirds of tho members of tho Lower House must confess that he regarded ita passiug ' more anxiety, and it was one of the causes bad induced him to address them that evenit and to proposo the resolution which reque that the Legislatura would delny its deoisioi sucii an important measure, at least for month. [The reverend gentleman retired am enthusiastic cheering.] Mr. J. lt. WILSHIRE bogged to second tho r lutiou which had been so eloquently intrude to them, and, as tho timo was advancing, sin not occupy any more cf their time. (Cheers.. Tho resolution was carried unanimously. " The CitAtn.MAx, previous to tho next résolu hoing read, would call on tho Secretury, Mr. 1 dington, to road the petition. To tho Honourable tho legislative Council oflfow Sc lVutex, hi Council aiiStiuiMeti, the humble lVtitlo thu undersigned Inhabltuuts of the colony of ; South WAlcs, Huuitily Slmwetli, That ttl thu opinion of your petitioners tho propi Constitution lilli now before your honourable Couuc radically defective', und opposed to thu wishes and turcsts of tho Inhabitants oribis colony, who beliuvú I a Representativo faiglslaturo, consisting of two Klee Chaudière, trill nlouo ponies* that stability, energy, usefulness, which aru maintained by public conlldu and without which no Govuruiuunt eau pcraituiei exist. That your l>ctltioncrs earnestly remonstrate nepi any attempt. In thu hasty manner now proposed In toglHliitlvu Council, to imnonu a constitution on colouy, which ls framed la direct opposition to tho wli of thu people. That thu proposed .literation of Din Eli'otoral Act ls i ciliated to Increase that Inequality lil their représentât of which thu colonists havu so Justly complained, wh inequality, Instead of bcln£ Increased, ought now to reclined, mid tho representative system established o just and satisfactory basis. Thnt ymir honourable Council, having benn cl«c without rvforonce tn the proposed changu of confltltutl ' tho colonists are untitled to demund tho Intcrposltlor such delay botwoon thu nrst and second reading* of proposed Jilli as will unable them to express tbelr-vh fully on this momentous question. Your petitioners therefore pray that your hono able Council will bu pluuscd to postpone i ' further consideration of thu measure In iitiost for at least ono month, ht order.to glvu 1 colonists at largo thu opportunity of ospressi their seutluicuts on tho subject. And your petitioners, As in duty bound will ever pray Mr. Boo KR, in proposing the next rosolutic That tho lVtltloii now rood, rinboilylng thew Ileso tions, bc prawnted to tho Legislative Council at luuoUng to-morrow. said, ho was inspired with much confidence 'tho cause, when lie looked upon tho demonstrati before bim. It showed-that publia spirit was n doud in Sydney. Ho did not envy the feelin, of those gentlemen who hold back from taking part in politics from their anxiety to attend private business, thoy ought not in tho pnrsu o£ wealth to allow tho liberties of tho colony ¡ le stolen away. If wo allow an oligarchical Go vernmcnt to bo established the first thing a tacked will bo tho press, and then all oi liberties will be destroyed. There is a oonstni tendency on tho part ol' governments to encrooi upon tho liberties of the people, und unless v keop olivo to eur real interests our liberties"wi ha destroyed. 'When, however, ho looked upc tho demonstration before him, ho saw os throug a telescope looming on tho political horizon, small cloud, not bigger thnn a man's hand ; ths oloud was thc harbinger of a better political or for Australia. This young giant is only bc ginning to cast off his straddling clothes, und t feel thojt-itjs not in. need..of leading .string! Ho is'boginnlng to walk, and ho shall 'walk, an proclaim to tho world that ho is able to take car of himself. Tho present modo of eleotion wa based on tho most unfair principle. In the patton districts, the represen'.ut ives aro elected throug the majority in the number of their sheep an cattle Tho Council was tho creature of th country two years ago, and it could not bo sali to represent public opinion now. With rospec to thu proposed Upper House, and tho order e hereditary nobility, ho believed tba tho day for the establishment of sud wero geno by. It wn» o part of tho feudo system, and to attempt the eBtnhllshtacn of mich a ystcm now would bo pro postorous. (Confusion and impatience) Bu ho saw ho was trespassing .on their time, am knowing that they could nut retain their placo o mooting much longer, ho would conclude his re mat-li s by moving tho resolution that bud leci entrusted to him. (Cheers.) Tho resolution having been seconded by Mr JOHN BROWN, merchant, - was carried unaiil inously. Mr. FLOOD, M.O. had to perform a most pleas, lng duty. It had fallon to his lot to propose r vote of thanks to Mr. Joseph Wyatt, for lils kind grant for tho ute of the Theatre gratuitously; for tho pur poso bf the meotlng. Ho bad known Mr. Wyatt ns un old veteran In tho cause of thc liberty of tho people, and ho had great pleasure itt bearing his testimony to the fact. Ho must suv, ton, that tho present nicotine; was tho most numerous, tho most ordarly, and the most ro spectablo mooting ho had ever atteuded in tho colouy. At ouo time, ho must confess that he found tho spirit of politics was dead in the peo ple of Sydney, but ho saw a spirit in this meeting that emboldened him for tho future, and gnro bim some confldenco in Ibo Houso. During this session, he had been in every division of tho Houso, but always in a minority. Ho lind, how- ever, ono consolation, his votes wore sincero and conscientious. (Cheers.) But ho would not dotuin them longer, but simply proposa a hearty, vote of thanks to Mr. Joseph Wyatt, for the uso of tho Theatre. Mr. J. G. Cow::* seconded tho motion, which was oarrlod unanimously. Oa the motion ol' Mr. HENRY PARKES, Mr. Gti.cuntsT vacated thc chair, mid Mr. JOHN BIIOWN was elected obnirmaii, when a veto of thanks was pnssod hy. acclamation, tho meeting cheering again and again, In tho most enthusi- astic manner. Thus terminated ono of the most ' oxciilng and brilliant-mi olinga that have ovor bcon held in the colony, and lbs universal impres- sion was, that .tho fato of tho Constitution Bill wus goaled. 