THE PRODUCTIONS, INDUSTRY, and RESOURCES OF NEW SOUTH WALES. No. XXXI. PRESENT STATE AND FUTURE PROSPECTS OF THE COLONY. THE object of the series of papers, of which this forms the concluding number, was to afford simple information as to the capabilities of the colony of New South Wales for the mainte- nance of civilized man ; and of the nature and variety of those occupations of industry which were open to, and would repay the laboured skill devoted to them.?? They were written in especial regard to the instruction of intending or newly- arrived emi- grants, and it was believed in a collected form they would form a useful hand-book to direct and guide the inexperienced colonist in the choice of a vocation, and probably afford him some useful and profitable hints in following out that vocation. Since, however, these papers were commenced the change which has passed over these coloniea¡has been so vast, that in order to make the work really useful it was thought advisable to defer its completion until the future prospects of the colony, under the in- fluence of the gold discovery, had assumed some palpable distinctness, by which the statements of the previous paper might be measured and weighed. ??? It is with considerable satisfaction that the writers find, that, although the relation as to the importance of various pursuits has altered, they have little to correct and nothing to recal in tbeir descriptions of the products, manufac- tures, and commerce of the colony, or as to the profit with which each of thcRe great branches of progressive civilization will yield. The object, then, of this article will be simply limited to explain the altered circumstances of the colony, its extraordinary advance in wealth and prosperity since the commencement of these papers, and its consequent fitness or unfitness for those branches of industry, the details of which have been more minutely examined in previous papers. To this it may be well to add such reflections on the future,prospects of the colony as the present aspect of things appears to warrant. It is necessary in the first instance that a few statistics should be afforded in order that the progression of the colony may be fully un- derstood. The only authoritative official statistics pub- lished in this colony, are the returns furnished annually by the Government, and these unfortu- nately extend only to the termination of theyear 1851, but as it was in that year these papers were commenced the data they afford will be sufficient for our purpose.?? In that year the total population of the colony amounted to 190,000.?? In 1850, this number by natural increase and by immigration was probably increased by Borne 20,000 people, whilst the immigration alono for the first quarter of the present year, amounts to upwards of 8000. ?? On the score of increased population, then, every branch of industrial production must have become more essentially desirable, whether that production be for consumption, as for instance, in the pursuit of agriculture, or for exploitation and sale with the view to purchase foreign commodities, as in pastoral pin suits and gold digging. ?? And it is to be observed that in a new country like New South Wales, where extreme prosperity and consequent extreme individual wealths prevails, the accumulating amount of labour is by no means equal to the accumu lating amount of consumption, and consequently up to a limit which it would be idle for us to calculate here, industrial pursuits will, under a healthy state of things, increase in the profit they afford in proportion to the increase of population. This is in accordance with th» natural rule of supply and demand, because in this country the individual consumption and individual acquisition of wealth is greater than the individual amount of labour introduced at the ordinary price of such labour, and con- sequently the demand for such labour is greater than the supply The reverse of this obtains generally in old and thickly peopled countries, where the maximum of population, and therefore of labour, rules, and the very lowest rate of con- sumption prevails. We find then in-the rapid increase of the population of the colony, and the probable maintenance even in a larger ratio of a pro- gressive increase, the surest guarantee that the development of all the industrial resources wo have described «ill be advantageous and pro- fitable, while we have equal assurance from the varied wants of a wealthy community like this, that no one of these resources can be left stagnant, without damage to tbe interests, the comforts, or the luxuries of the community. ?? To explain the position we have assumed, it is only necessary to illustrate it by a few facts.?? In regard to the production of anieles of consumption in this colony, these are mainly referable to the pursuit of agriculture in some shape or other. Now, taking the article of grain-we believe the production in 1852 will be found to be equal to that of 1851, but the importation of breadstuffs during the former year will exceed that of the latter five-fold, although the increase of population has only been in the ratio of about one fifth.?? \- We will now proceed to examine another test of the progression of the colony during the last year. In 1851, the amount of im- ports into the colony from all countries, was £1,561,000. The amount of customs duties paid on these imports was about in round num- bers £190,000; we give the fullest possible amount. What the amount of imports in 1851 was, in the absence of official returns we have no opportunity of accurately stating. But we find the duties paid under a reduced tariff in the first quarter of 1853, amount to £85,000, or at the rate of £340,000 per annum ; which ac- cording even to the calculations of 1851 would represent an amount of imports exceeding £2,630,600, or nearly double the total amount of imports in the year 1851. But even this is not a fair criterion to judge by, for by reference to the chapter on commerce in these papers it will be found by examination of the new tariff that while by exemption from duty it is probable that a large amount of merchandise has been imported which we did not receive in former years, the duties being levied solely on articles of necessary consumption, the im- portation of duty paying articles cannot have decreased.?? As a matter of fact it is well known that both in 1852 and 1853, this latter class of im- portations has largely increased. In the year 1851, the total amount of ex- ports was £1,800,000. Again, from the wantof the official returns, we have no means o' accurately quoting the aggregate amount of exports for 1852, or the first quarter of 1853, and as we have no export duties we have no guide to a fair calculation. But it may be stated that it was about June 1851 that our gold mines began to be productive, and that the quantity shipped to the 1st January, 1852, was only £467,000, leaving the ordinary exports of the colony at about £1,300,000. In 1852 the gold export alone was, £2,650,000, being nearly double the total export of the preceding year, while in the first quarter of the present year it has been £910,000, or nearly at the rate of £4,000,000 per annum. It is not improbable that the export of wool and tallow during the two latter periods may have somewhat diminished, owing to the abstraction of labour from pastoral pursuits for the purpose of gold digging, but the diminution, if it be found to exist, will be so small as to deserve no weight in these calculations. In fact inasmuch as there can be no diminution in this class of exportation without some detriment to the colony, it will serve only to show that additional industry can now be more profitably employed on the pursuits from which this production arises. As then the increase of population justly afford encouragement to the producer of arti- cles of consumption-such as the farmer, the wine grower, and the grazier, so this vast increase in the commerce of the colony can- not fail to enlarge the profits and stimulate the enterprise of the merchant, the shopkeeper, the manuficturer, and all classes engaged in trading pursuits.?? To the cultivation and acquirement then of all the various products which have been de- scribed in these papers, to the prosecution of all those schemes of industrial enterprise, the advantages of which it has been our en- deavour to point out ; the discovery of gold with its increase of the wealth, commerce, and population of the colony, ought only to lend additional vigour and additional confidence.?? Before entering into a more general comment on the posent position of the colony, it is perhaps but right for the information of those who have no local facilities of acquiring such knowledge, to offer a few general statistics, and some passing observations in rtferênce to sub- jects which it has not come strictly under these papers to touch upon.?? And first in respect to education. In the year 1851 there were 423 schools in the colony, with a total of 21,120 scholars. Of this number 345 scholars are orphans, maintained and taught in Government schools ; 4,998 belong- ing to Church of England schools; 891 to Wesleyan schools ; 3,310 to Roman Catholic schools; 2,801 to the National Schools ; and 6,721 to private schools. ?? The systems of education to which the Go- renment affords assistance are two- fold. The Denominational System, as it is called, is car- ried on under the anperintendence of the clergy of the respective denominations who distribute the funds furnished by the Government ac- cording to their own discretion, subject how- ever of late years to the supervision and inspec- tion of a board appointed by the Government.?? About eight years ago, the National System, or more correctly, what is known as Lord Stan- ley's Irish National System of Schools, was introduced. In these schools pupils of all denominations are indiscriminately received, and except in such general points of morals and belief as are universally agreed upon, Scriptural teaching is excluded ; facilities are however afforded in the schools for religious instruc- tion to the children of their respective sects by their own clergy ; but as the clergy have hith- erto very generally set their faces againt this system, these facilities have not been taken much advantage of. The system has, however, decidedly worked well, and has progressed rapidly ia popular favour ; and although the excitement of the gold discovery and the mi- gratory habits engendered by it, has disturbed its progress, ftill it is steadily advancing, and planting its schools throughout the scattered and remote districts of the colony, where its advantages will certainly be best appreciated and are most required.?? For all this it must be confessed that educa- tional institutions in the colony are at a very low ebb, but there seems to be a growing spirit abroad which will not rest till this important matter he remedied. It is painful to call back reminiscences of the past of New South Wales ; but the truth is ofttimes wholesome though unpalatable, and admitting as we gladly do that the emancipated proportion of the population is at present very small, yet the grown up de- scendants of that once numerous class, to a considerable extent, have inherited the lax morality of their parents, and the children of these, if educational institutions be not provided for them, will be reared in ignorance if not in vice. To avert this " curse of the fathers upon the children" surely ought to be the first object of a wise and paternal government ; and it is most gratifying to find that the present administration of the Government of New South Wales, has liberally and considerately lent its most favourable countenance, to the promotion of education in every shape and way.??? Foremost amongst these educational progres- sions may be ranked the establishment of the Sydney University, an institution founded on the ripest spirit of liberality, and endowed with a glorious and wise munificence. To raise the standard of education in any com- munity there must be lofty summits for the student and the scholar to attain, from which he may look down on all below, satisfied in so far as the machinery of human instruc- tion and learning is concerned with the emi- nence he has attained. Such a goal to the emulation of the youth of New South Wales, will, we believe, be furnished in the University of Sydney, when in its growth, formation, and expansion, its relief from some errors, in its freedom from many prejudices and misappre- hensions, it shall in its full scope and energy, 8' rve the great and noble ends for which it was established. This institution, although from some neces- sary delay in the preliminary arrangements, it has only been about 8 months in practical operation, has already worked much of good into the community. A large and more thoughtful spirit as to encouraging education of a higher order than has hitherto been afforded in the colony has been inspired ; the suggestion of the eminent pro- fessors who have been induced to emigrate to establish the University, will guide and instruct this spirit ; and with the increased appreciation of the moral, social, and physical blessings which education affords, and which is the distinguishing characteristic of the present age, combined with the abundant means which almost every class in the com- munity possfsses of paying amply for the instruction of their children, will, it may fairly be hoped and anticipated, lead shortly to as full nd goodly an expansion of intellectual growth in the colony, as there has been of rapid and prosperous material progression. ?? In natural conjunction with the subject of educational establishment, arises the considera- tion of the literary institutions of the colony. Of these, again, we regret to say, we can speak in no words of high acclaim. They are few in number, and miserably inadequate to the re- quirements of a large, wealthy, and increasing population, with mental energies perpetually stimulated in the pursuit of material wealth. Without the softening and ameliorating influences of literature, such a community must grow shrewd without discretion, cunning without wisdom, sordid without economy. But the absence of literary or scientific institutions, of any note, is rather attributable to the meagerness of the means of education in the colony, than from any undervalue of literary attainment or of literary pleasure. The Government, though in some instances it has assisted literary institutions and contri- buted to the maintenance of some scientific ones, has displaced a somewhat and paltry shortsighted economy in this respect. We say this not so much in reference to the present day as the past, for now the c >lony Is or ought to be capable of maintaining these institutions without aid from the Government, and both literature and science thrive mote healthily in the vigorous soil of public appro- bation, than in the enervating hot-bed of official patronage.?? Perhaps in the long run it will be of little disadvantage to the colony that such institu- tions as did exist -and did linger and languish under this official patronage, have nearly worn themselves out, and that the people of New South Wales have now the opportunity, with a juster apprehension of the great principles and interests involved, to found such societies as may be mott suited to their wants Rnd wishes, and best odopted for the exercise and strengthening tho natural intellect of the colony.?? There is but one library in the colony deserv- ing of the name, and that, though of late subjected to some relaxation in the rigidity of its regulations, was in paBt years of so exclu- sive a constitution as to render it of little public benefit in the diffusion of knowledge and learning. In fact it was, and to a large extent is still, the luxurious literary lounge of the wealthier classes of the colony, and its shelves have contributed far more largely to solace the intellectual leisure of busy men, than to instruct, either by reading or the publica- tion of lucubrations arising from it, the Aus- tralian public, It is however a very valuable institution, containing as it does a large number of books of reference not to be found else- where, and to which any well-educated man, for the purpose of reference can easily find access. On the recommendation of . three shareholders any person may now subscribe to this library at the rate of three pounds per annum, and such recommendation is easily procurable by any well conducted and respec- table man. There is also an institution in Sydney, known as the Mechanics' School of Arts, bnt a more miserable misnomer for it could hardly be conceived. Whatever may have been the de- sign of its original founders, the last ten years of its existence has certainly been objective to no principle of good, while it has been subjective to the admission of many principles of evil. Its library, for the most port, a miserable collection of tattered novels ; its museum, if its paltry col- lection deserve the name, an uncatalogued collection of unappreciablc fossils, incompre- hensible bones, and a few busts and medals, worthy the adornment of an itinerant dealer's stall ; its lectures unconnected, and when deliv- ered scarcely attended to, on subjects the most unfit for the instruction of an audience such as i ought to attend such an institution ; and from the mouths of men who were for the most part no authority in the themes on which they treated ; brought into continual public con- tempt by the pitiable personalities which dis- figure its management ; the unseemly squab- bles which under all changes seem to charac- terise its directory ; and most of all by the same unswerving determination or fatuity which leads that directory to make a public institu- tion, receiving public aid, effect the least possi- ble amount of public good ; the sooner this insti- tution or mockery of an institution, which still "lives and languishes, and languishing doth live" gires up the ghost the better for the lite- rary prospects of the colony at large. It is painful, bitterly painful to have to make these observations of any literary institution in the colony ; but they are the result of some watch- ful observation, uninfluenced by any connec- tion, in any manner, at any time, with the society, during a long series of yeais. Nor do we think we should do full justice to the complete and entire object of these papers, did we not exhibit fairly the state of such institutions as these. It is by no means degrading to the colony that this state of things should exist; the institution was founded long years ago on principles in accordance with the spirit, or rather the prejudices of the age, and it worked out its object at first with tolerable success. But it is only since that period that those very principles have been exploded in England, and literary insti- tutions, whether for the poor or the rich, for for the educated or ignorant, for the student, or the mechanic, for the theoretically artistic and scientific professor, or the, practi- cally artistic and scientific artizan, have been established on a broader basis,a foundation more consistent with the magnificent structure to be reared upon it ; possessing elements more effective for the instruction, and there- fore more conducive to the happiness of the human race. It is therefore with somewhat of subdued sa'isfaction that we look, upon the approaching extinction of this institution, confident that upon its ashes will arise another literary and scientific, society worthy of the gigantic grasp which the cultivated intellect of the 19 th century ought to take on any shore or in any sphere. An institution which shall unfold through its agencies to the thousands and the millions who will resort to this great continent, the boundless resources of its soil and climate, thai shall make the hidden tunnel of the miner, and the dark channel of the rushing stream, the easy path to boundless wealth. Which shall teach with classic taste the innate, genius of the humble artisan to form the precious metal, or the transparent marble, into shape and imagi native combinations, which infusing the artist's intellect into the dull stone or duller ore, shall enhance its value ten-fold. That shall give to the comprehension of the humble mechanic the fullest knowledge of the opera- tions in which he has engaged, and enable him more skillfully and more successfully to con- duct them ; and which shall withal, doing all this, instructing, ennobling, and enriching all, comfort moreover, and wipe off with a soothing hand, which none dull to literary sympathies wot of, that " sweat of the face," in which every man must " eat bread." ?? In some of the country towns, Parramatta, and Brisbane, in the Moreton Bay district, similar societies to that we have just been de scribing have been recently, originated, and we hope they will carefully avoid the shoals on which the elder institution has foundered. Let them carefully consider their future course, and a bright future is before them, and while they will form one of the brightest and best attractions to this wonderful land, they also wall lend a most effective aid to the development of its productive and industrial resources. ?? There are several passive national scientific institutions in the colony, but they do not flourish, simply for the want ofthat interest in them which the more active societies for the cultivation of literature and science can alone inspire. We have a museum, which is capable of exhibiting an unlimited collection of curiosi- ties, but it is the miserable policy of the Government and the legislature to cut off this institution from being instructive or even amusing. Rich in specimens, the treasures aie laid up to corrupt and rust in chests, in- stead of being exhibited in the halls of the building, erected at a very considerable national expense. Its officer, for strange as it may sound, there is but one, unless he be a doorkeeper, is but miserably paid ; and it is evident a higher and better spirit must exist through the community before the full benefit of this institution can be made apparent. The same remarks will hold good with regard to the Botanic Gardens of Sydney. Surpassing in natural picturesque beauty almost any- thing of the kind in the world, with an aspect and a capability of the adaptation of soils to the growth of almost every plant, any attempt to render them a really scientific institution ; to confer benefit on the community, is nullifi.'d by the wretched parsimony with which they are treated by the legislature of the country. Casting out of all consideration the original objects of the gardens as conveyed in their title-"the preamble" we suppose to their act of incorporation for the public good, we do not remember one shilling to have been voted for the botanic enrichment of these gardens. The salaries of the director, the superintendent, and the wages of the labourers are reluctantly and grudgingly paid, and a debate ensues whether £40 shall be voted for the construction of a drain, or the erection of a fence, but a proposi- tion to have a thousand pounds a year to pro- perly classify the plants to send to foreign countries or neighbouring inlands to fill up the intervals which occur in such classification, would be shuddered at and negatived by a con- vulsive shakeof the head. ?? But until these things are properly remedied the colony of New South Wales will have no really useful Botanic Gardens. Beautiful as a lounge for the public they undoubtedly are ; useful for the student in botany they are not, and consequently are comparatively useless as a means whereby the industrial enterprise of the colony may be assisted. The only other literary institution which is worthy of mention, is the highest that exists, " the Press.", New South Wales is by no means deficient in her men of education, of reflection, of study and observation, nay, even of considerable depth of erudition. ?? She has had her historians, her explorers, her fiction writers, and her poets, but perhaps taking all things into consideration, the less said of the works of these literary artists the better; not that they are by any means con- temptible in themselves, but that as viewed in comparison with the writings of the authors of the old world, associated as they are with all the recollections of past pomp and pageantry, the rude history or poetic de- scriptions of a semi-barbarous land would at- tract but little attention. Twenty years hence, when New South Wales is growing into a great nation, we well believe she will possess in full proportion to her other attributes the power of literary and scientific eminence. It is written in the character of the people that what they want, they will have ; and in the better classes of society nothing is more longed for than literary and scientific distinction. With regard to its newspaper press, New South Wales may fairly challenge competition with any colony in the world. It possesses at present "two daily newspapers, which on the whole, with considerable ability and strict impartiality, review the leading topics of the day?? There are besides several weekly papers, but at the present moment they can scarcely be said to fulfil their vocation as collators of news, as they are devoted almost exclusively to party purposes. Numbers of successfully established newspapers have gone down in | New South Wales, not for the want of a certain sort of erratic talent which marked their con- duct, but from the absence of that steady business-like management which is essential to the stability of the periodical press. We have now concluded those remarks which we thought it necessary to make, in re- ference to certain topics not under the general scope of these papers. We might have taken in many other subjects, such as its Govern- mental Constitution, its jurisprudence, and its municipal regulation-. We find, however, these would not only lead us too far a field but would distract the attention of tue reader from the original design of these papers,-the physical capabilities of the colony, under the influence of the industrial operations of man. We therefore abstain from further comment, and pause, ere we conclude, for a moment, to view calmly the position in which the colony of New South Wales at present stands.?? First of all the colonies of Great Britain in the attention at present bestowed upon her first in all the permanent and intrinsic advan tages which cart fit her to take the leading place in Englands colonies ;-what are her prétentions, and what are her destinies? To the former question we point to her thousands of cultivated acres rich with the crops of almost unskilled cultivation. To her boundless plnins studded with millions of sheep and cattle-to her mines worked only with vigour and energy when ONE METAL, and that the most precious is found nearly on the sur- face-to her extending trade, her prodigious wealth, and more, far more than all, to what we believe to be the indomitable energies of the present inhabitants, for subduing the land and replenishing it.?? To the latter we would answer that looking at all that has been done, from north to south and from east to west, there is still ample room and verge enough to multiply that doing a hundred times over ; rich in the possession of political, rights she never held before, and which, if not all she is entitled by birthright as a daughter of Britain, are good and sufficient security of her possessing her own in their fulness hereafter Rich in material prosperity; rich in the inexhaustable energies of a great, thriving, and enterprise population, demanding from her parent not that which that parent craves but which it is but too willing to cast off. Is redundant labour; the community; of New South Wales may at this present period regard themselves in respect to their material prosperity their social and moral security, as the most flourishing community on the face of the earth But in the contemplation of this material prosperity, this social and moral security the future must be taken into consideration and, even viewed by the most philosophic eye, this future must be regarded as more bright, more pregnant with greatness than the present. How magnificent the vista of future greatness through which the eye of Australian prophecy pierces ! ?? A land-under industrial enterprise, flowing with milk and honey ; rich with the vine the pomegranate, and the fig; with flocks and herds, with teeming cities, with fertile plains and mountains, whose ravines and streamlets are but the index to inexhaustible wealth. Up in the highest pinnacle of the mountain citadels of this land the Australian seer mi>ht stiitd, and surveying all before and below him, exclaim in the language of Scripture " Behold ! it is very good." He might from his eminence, gifted with the eye of prescience behold the wild luxuriant plains, the lofty hills, the torrent torn but dried up water-courses, assuming before the giant step of colonization the aspect and the form of civilised society. He might too see with far forseeing eye. and hear with long expectant ear, the triumphal train, and the rattling of the chariot! along the iron roads which will ere many year be past intersect every district of this colony, He might, too, unloosing his vision from the almost boundless expanse of the material world before him, cast forth his glance into the dim mysteries of the coming time, and proclaim that Australia must not only b» a people, bat the " mother of many nations." Girded round by resources absolutely un- known, and unappreciated by the older coun- tries of the world nt their origin, what destiny is too high for her to fulfil ? Every innate and outward intelligence that inspires us-the re- cords of history, the predictions of prophesy, the aspirations of ambition, the deductions of philosophy, the dictates of reason, and the common instincts of our race, all alike proclaim ' that colonization is the divine mission of nations. ?? On these shores, the remotest from those j we most reverentially remember, should we forget this truth ? Should we the primest and the fairest offspring of that proud parent land, whose venerable smile beams with be- nignant dignity, upon a world, forget the high vocation to which we are likewise called.?? Shortly, very shortly, we shall be called on to exercise for ourselves the prerogative of self-government ; for in the history of the nations as they pass away," centuries can only be reckoned as moments. The oldest, the most regal daughter of Great Britain in the southern world, disciplined in affliction and humiliation in her earlier years, will not forget the heritage entrusted to her; and when in the fulfilment of her time she shall wield the sceptre of her own dominion under the benign and approving eye of that venerable parent, let her not forget her mission ; may she re- member in the immensity of her own regenera- tion how much may be done in the work of civilization, and let her not forget that to keep the Nation, children that she will yet beget, in degradation and subserviency, is but to renew the sackcloth and ashes, beneath which the springtide of her own youth has bowed. " Thankful amongst other blessings may New South Wales be, for that she is appointed as the apparent centre, the chief point, from which the colonization of the beautiful isles of the Pacific will spring; carefully shouli she now- once a stray waif in the world, but now the proudest scion of the British family-use her growing greatness to protect and keep these islands from lawless rapine until the day arrivis when they wiil become especially her own. By example, by an arduous and steady cultivation of the arts_ of peace, in despite of some physical difficulties, in despite of her remoteness from the Western civilization ; few, none who reflect well and deeply, can doubt that the Australia is destined to become a great nation. Let them become so in that genuine pro- gressive spirit, which, seeking only in its worldly politics to ameliorate and improve the condition of humanity, shall leave to that pure and simple Christianity which is the sole beautifier and perfecter of all human in- stitutions, that regeneration of our race which is promised and foretold. 