SATURDAY, TUB STU INSTANT. On Saturday, Mr. Coard from Penrith, appeared on behalf of the Presbyterians of that town and neighbourhood, stating their anxiety for a Minis, ter from ibis Church, and requesting that, if possib'o, a Minister may bo settled there soon. Tile Moderator unido se vol ni statements, in con fnmntiori of what Mr. Heard had said. The Synod expressed their deep anxiety of complying with this icquestas soon as in their power, and agreed in thc meant imo to giro a service at Pen- rith every second Sabbath for tho noxt three mouths. The Kev. A. Salmon then gave a verbal report of his visit, hy appointment of tho Synod, to Now Kngland, along with tho Itev A. Maxwell, stating that [everywhere throughout tho district Air. Maxwell was most cordially received and wel- comed ; and laid upon the tublo au invitation from thc people of New Kngland to Mr. Maxwell, to exercise the ministry among them, which was sustained by tho Synod. Mr. Salmon also statua that owing to the great distance between Sidney and New Kngland, and Mr. Maxwell's great anxi- ety tocominenco operations in ids district, he had seen it his duty not to como to this meeting of Synod, with which explanation they declared themselves satisfied. The Synod agreed that sn especial servie», connected with Mr. Maxwell's induction, bc bold in tho i'ree Church, Fill-street, on Mon Jay evening, at 7 o'clock. MONDAV," THE 7TH INSTANT. On Monday evening, the Synod met, pursuant to adjournment, when the Moderator opened the service connected willi the induction of tho Kev. Androw Maxwell, by engaging in devotional ex- ercises ; ofter which the Kev. A. Salmon di-li vered an appropriate! discourse.'four.ded on the 1st Kpistlo.to tho Corinthians, 3rd chanter, 21st «nd first part of 22ad verso; after which tho Kev. W. Grant implored tho Divine blessing on tho forma- tion of the pastoral « tie, and commended tbs brother and his flock to thc caro and direction of the gient Head of the Church. The business of the Court being now over, tho Moderator deliv- ered thc following concluding address : "HEVEnEso FATHERS AND BitETimEN-With the good hnnd of God upon us, tho labours of Synod havo again come to a close. They have been the laboura of fallible men ; but feeling our liberty to err in judgment, wo have, in consulting about thc affairs of Christ's kingdom, earnestly Bought to bo guided by tho wisdom that cometh from above. Having met together ia the name of Christ, and invoked his presence amongst us, I trust we have been enabled to realise the fulfil- ment of that assurance, " Whore two or tlirco aro 'met together in my name, thero am I in tho midst of them." The harmonious feeling and peaceable spirit which has characterised this meeting of Synod must have given talisfaction to every member of this reverend court. Another pleasing and highly encouraging feature of our present sitting-aud ono which attaches considerable importanco to it-is thoisrge ac- cession to our number. Fonr additional ministers havo joined our ranks ; some of these brethren hnvo buen engaged in ministerial duty in the coluny for the hist three months, and nlready I»roved themselves to be workmen, needing not io ashamed, rightly dividing tho word of truth, mid wo huvo no doubt that those moro recently arrived, will soon bo a sourco of gnat strength to our beloved church. Tho impressive services connected with tho induction of ono of our brethren in tho Now England district, havo ad led mueh. solemnity to our meeting, which solemnity lins been enhanced by tho affecting farewell, which one of "our number, through ill li ci 1 tl i, has bcon compelled to take of us. Tho Loid has luid his chastening hand upon our dear bi other-wo greatly deploro IIÍB unavoidable resignation and departuio from us, however, for nil wiso ends, it is tho Lord's doing, and wo must bow (o his will. And now, my fellow-labourers In that work of faith, mid labour of love, committed unto us by the great Head of the Church, in dis- missing- jon to your respectivo charges let mo alli clioimtoly commend you to God, and to tho word of his grace. Let us bo instant in season mid out ol'season, in doing tho work of Evangel- ists, ai d making full proof of our ministry. Let us aim, liko Apollos, to bo mighty in tho Scrip- tures, so that wo may bring out of tho divino treasury things new and old, for tho edifyit'Rof tho body of Christ. In order to this, much dili- gent study of tho word ls necessary, accompanied with earnest prayer, for tho teaching of tho spirit of truth. Oh, dear brethren, let us seek to bo taught of God, so that wo moy he apt to teach o hors ¡ let us exoroplify in our walk and con- versation those sacred truths, which ire bring before our people, and thus preach by example as well a H precept. While watering tho gulden of tho Lord, let us seek to have our own souls watered mid kept in a prosperous stuto, personal growth in grace, lind a high standard of spiritual attainments must not bo lost sight of, lu tho ex- ecution of our public duties. Farther, while wo firmly hold out, mid uncompromisingly maintain our distinctive principies us Free Churchmen, kH us cherish brotherly lovo to all tho dholplcs of thu Saviour, by whatever name they uro known amongst men, and bo ready to co-operate with ministers of other Kvnngolieal sections of tho Church of Christ, in promoting tho cnuso of our common Christianity, und furthering the interests of tho Kcdeenicr's universal kingdom. Let ours bo the magnanimous Caltiolioity of tho gcßpel. "Graco bo with nil thom Hint love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity,"-And now, Fathers and Urethren, let us return to our several dislriots lo srrvo God in tho Gospel cf his Son. Oh I to ho moro faithful to our Divino Lord and Master, Oh I to hu moro faithful lo Hie souls of those, over whom tho Holy Ghost hath ninda us overseer», and o'ver whom wo havo to watch, as those that must givo an account. May tho Lord strengthen us In body und in sou], for the onerous duties de- volving upon up, and ncoompany our mesanges from tho pulpit, and exhortation from house t house, with tho life-giving power of lils spirit, io that numbers may bo converted under our minis* try,-nnd when called upon to rondornn account . of our stewardship to the groat Shepherd of tho sheep, wo may bo enabled to say concerning tsanf ?pul«, won to Jesus through our instrumentality, Bobold, bere am I, Lord,'«nd the spiritual chil- dren which thou hast given »e. And now, Brethren,,go in peooe, aim may the Cod of peuce, and love bo with you. Anion." Tuc Moderator thou lu'imatcd, that the busi- ness of the Synod was concluded, appointed its next half yearly meeting, to tuite piuco in the Free Church, Pitt-street, on tho ir«t Wednesday of May next, being the fifth day of that month, and pronounced the benediction. 