ELECTRO-BIOLOGY. ? To the Editor of the Empire, Stn-Tn my Inst letter,I stated that the phe- nomena called by Mesmerists " phreno-mesme ric," are traceable to tho."Law of Association." 1 shall now adduce evidence in support of that opinion. Some years ago, the Mesmerists discovered that peculiar manifestations of passion and feeling could be elicited from mesmeric patients, by means of phrenological manipulations. These mental manifestations were regarded by many ns confirmatory of phrenology. It was found that a tactual impression made by tho finger on any part of the skull of a mesmerised person, elicited a manifestation of feeling corresponding to tho phrenological character of the part on which thc impression was made. Thus, if the organs of destructiveness and combative- ness were touched, tho patient' would become violently angry, and exhibit a desire to oppose and destroy ; and if benevolence and conscienti- ousness were excited, a corresponding feeling would be manifested. Analogous results were produced by tactual impressions mado on all those parts of the cranium, which are usually re- garded ns thc organs or seats of tho faculties nud propensities of our nature. Phreno-mesmerists soon found, however, that very nice manipula- tions brought out mental manifestations which.' could not bo explained upon phrenological prin- ciples.; and, as tho phrenologists had for- gotten' to discover' organs capable of pro- ducing such abnormal mental phononicua, tho mesmerists believing that such organs must exist, began forthwith to assign them "a local habitation and a name.'' They found that, by touching one portion of tho scalp, a desire to fly was excited in the patient, and that a tactual impression on another part, produced, a "desire to swim, &c;, &c.; As the manifestation of these de- sires uniformly followed tactual impressions ,'on tho same parts of the cranium, it was very natu- ral for ordinary observers to conclude. that those parts of the brain 'over which such impressions were made, were the organs of tho, faculties ex- hibited. ,Hence one man immortalised.himself by discovering on" organ for flying,and another, person gained a still longer immortality, by dis- covering 150 new organs. In short, every space in the cranium, left blank 'by the phrenologists, wns gradually dotted all over with organ's, until, at length, man appeared as a j being furnished with innumerable groups of facilities, too complicated to unravel,' and too preposterous to name. At last Mr. Callow, and others (tho writer of this included), hy numerous experiments and rea sonings demonstrated, as clearly as tho nature of tho thing would permit, that 'those supposed law of association, 'and 'afforded no greater con- firmation of phrenology than that which' is afforded by the manifestations of mind in its 'ordinary state. Let a person ignorant of phrenology be thrown into tho mesmeric state, aud let the-operator, divesting his mind as much as possible of all thoughts about the faculty he may attempt to excite,' touch any part of tho cranium and no re- sult will follow. ' Let the mesmerised person be awakened, and made acquainted with the elo ments of phrenology (a mere glance at a phrenological chart is sufficient), and then let him again be thrown into the mesmeric state, and every organ, will answer tb the touch of tho mesmeriser', .Let the operator say to a, bystander,' purposely that.the mesmerisee may hear, .««I am now going to excite destructiveness or benevo- lence, &c;," and then let him, touch any part of tho cranium, no matter : where, and the faculty mentioned will be displayed. Let a person bust ih a shop window, and cast on it even the most oasual glance, and an impression will be produced on his mind which will , infltienco him tho next time he may happen to'bo mesmerised. Lot' [ tho " operator soy; . in' .the ' hearing of a mesmerised person, "I nm going to oxcito such or such an organ," and then, let him - touch the elbow, or the ribs, or the throat, or any other part of tho body, and n dream will arise in tho mosmerisec's mind, and tho faculty mentioned will bo unmistakably manifested. . 'And this will occur in tho cases of persons-who ate acquainted with phrenology, as well as in tlià- cases of those who are ignorant of it.'' When once a dream; of any kind, is associated with a tnotual impression made on any part of tho ? body, the moro repro- duction of thnt impression is suflioiont to repro- duce tho dream.- Even if a person ignorant of phrenology woro to - havo associations of this kind formed in his mind, . nnd woro sttbsequontly to become as profoundly versed in phrenological lore as Combe or Spurzheim, his attainments would not destroy tho originnl association of a particular state of mind with a particular kind of impression, made ou a particular part of the body. He would, in that case, manifest destructiveness when destruc- tiveness was touched, but he would also manifest it when tho elbow or thigh was touched, provided that tho dream had been associated, by tho pro- cess already mentioned, with a tactual impres- sion on tho thigh or elbow. Now, Sir, something analogous to this takes place in ordinary sleep. Mr. Abercrombie, in his very interesting work on " tho Intellectual Powers," affirms, that a heated body applied tu tho feet of a sleeping' person, might sultico to produce a dream of Etna or Vesuvius, or make the sleeper fancy he . was walking over burning lava; We all know that music, heard while wo oro asleep,' resembles tho harmony of tho spheres; and that tho harsh grating oven ol' n croaked violin, in tho hands of an unskilful per former, would seem to many a sleeper far sweeter than tho sweetest tones ever produced by Paganini or Vieuxtemps. It is true, that the phenomena of association^ ne they occur in normal sleep, differ materially from tho cognate phenomena which 'occur in the mesmeric state ; but then the difference is not so great as might at first sight be imagined, and both are evidently referable to the operations of tho same prin ciple. That a casual glance at a phrenological bust or chart is sufficient to make an impression on tho mind of the patient, which, though apparently forgotten during his ordinary state, will never- theless revive during mesmerisation, and' influ- ença and determine tho character of his mental manifestations, is a fact as curious as it is inex- plicable. Analogous phenomena occur, however, both in cases of disease and in ordinary life. Every one capable of observing and analysing his consciousness, must bo . aware that ideas, once present to tho mind and apparently forgotten, will often revive when some leading thought is suggested, or some particular im- pression made on the sensorium, with which such apparently forgotten ideas were formerly associated. The writer has often.ob- served that, iu endeavouring to recollect trains of thought once present to his mind, his efforts novo been for. a long time unsuccessful, hut that when these efforts were continued, the forgotten .thoughts eventually presented themselves, and be- come parts of his living and active consciousness. I presume that all intelligent people, who have turned thoir attention to tho subject, have ob- served similar phenomena. In short; there are many. reasons for believing that all thoughts which may have been present to our minds during any-period- of our existence are never entirely obliterated, but exist, in some way or other, in . that - abyss of inexplicable ' pro- fundities, the human ' soul,' and are capable of being revived in all their original freshness nnd vigour; and there aro also many reasons drawn from tho ordinary operations of mind, as well as from tho phenomena of mes- merism, for believing that the entire mass of our consciousness becomes present to us at the mo- ment we step out of time into eternity. I need hardly observe that to most, if not to all of us, this is a very solemn consideration. In cases of disease, tho phenomena already mentioned often occur. A well authenticated case of this kind happened some years ago in America. A servant girl was seized with' fever, and, to the astonishment of all present, began to repeat passages from Latin, Greek, and Hebrew writers. She' repeated them, too, with tho em- phasis, taste, intonation, and apparent'' relish of a scholar. She was ignorant of the languages which she ,thus spoke. Donnegan, Parkhurst, and Ainsworth were quite unknown to this paragon of linguistry. She had never murdered a Hebrew root, nor wasted her time over a Greek particle, nnd yet she spoke both Greek and Hebrew. Here was an evident case of demoniacal possession. Thc vulgar balioved that the father of lies had taken undisturbed posses- sion of her sensorium, and that it was he, and not the girl, that spoke in Greek and Hebrew; Now, though the Devil probably knows more of Greek than even a Forson or a Herrman¡ and more of Hebrew than_ Gesenius, yet it was not so who spoke these languages in the case we have men- tioned. It. was tho girl herself, and nobody else, that had , thus been transmuted,'' into ah j accomplished scholar - -by the ab- normal operations of cerebral disease. Several years before the occurrence of this display of scholarship she had lived as a servant in the house of a literary gentleman, - who was in the habit of pacing his apartment and amusing his mind by tho recital of tho very passages which the girl recited during the paroxysms of disease. These1 recitals made an impression on the girl's mind-an impression too faint to be perfectly remembered whilo her brain was in a healthy state, but sufficiently strong to admit of revival whoo the recollective faculty became abnormally acute. Thus, a little inquiry caused tho devil to be unceremoniously dismissed from his habitation, and afforded a really explanation of an otherwise apparently inexplicable- phenomena. .' The celebrated " Will Case,1' mentioned by Sir Walter Scott in his work on Demonology, affords another illustration of tho principle of assooia tion. The particulars will be found recorded in most books of ghost stories. In this case an im- pression made in,early life on the mind of the hero of the tale, and long forgotten, was revived when tho brain," became abnormally active. In tho course 'of my reading I have met with two other examples of this kind. One of these was the case of a captnin of a ship, who fell into tho sea and WAS partially suffocated ; the other was tho case of a doctor, who fell from his horse - into tho sea and was thrown up on the beach by tho force of the waves . Both these persons were nearly dead, both recovered and both recollected their consciousness.:Whilst they were in the water the entire mass of their, consciousness dating from the earliest period of existence to the then present moment-rose up before them, clothed ; witina vigour und a fresh- ness that .wno to, them.unusunl.-- Every scene of their life, every idea that lind ever flitted through' ? tho 'chambers ofi¡their house of imagery, in .short, their entire mental and moral experience ap- peared before them in one orderly yet heretoge neous mass. And yet this curious psychological, panorama did not appear to tho beholders to bo either, strange or - wonderful. - Tho theological bearing of that class of phenomena to. which the preceding belong is transparently evident. ' ' We might multiply illustrations of the mode in which impressions and ideas, apparently ob- J llterated, become revived when appropriate in- fluences are made te operate on the sensorium. The preceding, however, will suííico to ábate the astonishment with- which:parties-might bo dis- posed to- regard - the. revivalrof (faint' impressions under mesmeric influence. An analogous, revival of faint and forgotten impressions occurs often in our common experience; and can appear, wonder- ful only to those who have never. taken . the trouble of examining that most curious and won- derful thing-thoir own consciousness. ;i. ? ? .. . Now tho fact is beyond dispute, that such faint impressions do revive' add become operative during mesmerization. This fact, therefore, ought to teach us to be cautious in drawing conclusions as to tho cause of phreno-mesmeric manifesta- tions. These may result from other influences than the mere excitement of the part of tho brain which the mesmerist touches with his finger. The cause of the excitement-may lie remote from ordi- nary observation,, and!-may perhaps be shrouded in'impenetrable obscurity. Iii either caso,, wo' should pauso, inquire, and ponder," before wo pro- nounce our dogmata; . Dut, Mr. Editor, whatever may be the cause of phreno-mesmeric . manifestations, they .are, not- withstanding, unoommonly beautiful. Neither Kean, nor Maoroady, mor any- other dramatic artist, could bear away tho palm even from d' stupid lout .acting' under, tho influonce of mes-' mcrism. The mind of the mesmerised person, is wholly-'unrestrained by artificial, rules, and is, moreover, nuder tho influença of pure feeling; und heneo tho acting-is natural, and the motions graceful. Thora, cun be no mistake,, too, about ' the reality of tho passion which tho- patient for tho time feels ; for this is manifested in voice, look, and mauner, to perfection. When destruc- tiveness is excited, thc countenance becomes,livid willi rage, and u degree ol'muscular force is often exhibited which, wero it not under tho control ot' tho mesmeriser,.'would bo dangorous to .thc. bystanders ; a wave of tho mesmeriser'* baud, however, is sullicicnt to calm thu most towering passion, mid that, too, in iv niomont. Tho exprès-, sion: of tho countenance, when tho gentler emotions of our nature aro cnllcd.iiilo activity, ,is uncommonly beautiful, and might servo ns a model for nn artist. Of all ho beautiful things with which this beautiful world is adorned, there is not one more strikingly beautiful than a hand some youth kneeling, under mesmeric influence, and pouring out his soul in prayer to tho great God and Father of us all. .. . flÈf" 