ESMONDS AND HISCOCK TESTIMONIAL. The Committee, and those favorable to the presentation of a testimonial to the first gold discoverers of Victoria, are requested to meet this evening, at six o'clock,sharp, at the Eureka Inn, preparatory to calling public meeting in furtherance of the above object. MIGRATION OF THE CORPORATION. — His Worship the Mayor of Sydney has invited his Worship the Mayor of Geelong, and all the Corporation of Geelong, to a Fancy Dress Ball, to he held in July. Only imagine Geelong waking some fine morning, and discovering that the Mayor and the whloleof the Corporation had flown to Sydney. What a hue and cry would be raised, when the desolation fell upon us like a pall ! We can imagine them migrating like a flock of wild duck, wedge fashion—his Wor ship leading, with outstretched neck, followed by the Alderman-Councillor Deering flapping his wings like a plunmp widgeon—and the two Doctors quack! quacking with intensity of feel ing; Towle, Bean and Myles whirring along in one plump; Bray, Riddle and Bell, in another, and the newly fledged ones bringing up the tail. Arrived at Sydney, what characters will they take at the bal masque ? His WVorship would look well as James the Sixth; Dr. Thomson would shine as Pickwick; Dr. Baylie look be coming as Barney Bradley; Councillor Bean as "Glorious Apollo;" Councillor Myles as Lycurgus; Treaty as Demosthenes; Councillor Riddle might figure as Œdipus ; and Councillor Deering superinted the "corps municipale" when he will find himself the "Manager in Difficulties." DREADFUL THREAT.—The last Buninyong post brought down the following fearful epistle, penned by some being, glorying in the name of Edwin James Dickens. Whoever he is, or whatever he has been doing, there is certainly great fear and a wholesome terror upon him, which he seeks to allay by creating a similar feeling in us. Mr. Edwin James Dickens may consider us intimidated—in fact, in mortal tre pidation—cold perspiration bursting from every pore. Mr. Dickens objects to personal attacks in general, but most particularly if such attack be connected with the late endeavours to re-in state Inspector Smith. What the dickens does the man mean? What has he been doing? Has he "done a deed without a name." If so, as the lawyer's clerk said to Macbeth, "it's il legal." With the fear of a prosecution for libel before our eyes, we are reduced to quotation, and commending it to Mr Edwin James Dickens, the inhabitants of Buningyong and Ballarat, but not to Inspector Smith, as the Ghost said to Hamlet, "List ! oh list ! I could a tale unfold." "Ballarat, June 24th. "SIR—I understand that certain persons have left here for town, with the intention of procuring the insertion of articles, letters, or ad vertisements in your paper, attacking my cha racter, particularly as connected with the late endeavours to procure the reinstatement of Mr. Smith in the office of Inspector of Detectives. I give you notice that should you insert such article, letter, or advertisement, I shall proceed against you, in an action of libel, and not against the author or procurer of such communication. "I remain, Sir, "Yours truly, " EDWIN JAMES DICKENS. "To the Editor of the Geelong Advertiser." BALLARAT.—The Correspondent of the Argus, at this gold field, has been fined for having no license. This seems to be at the first blush, an extraordinary procedure, and one which, from a perusal of the Gold Regulations of the 5th of April, 1853, was never contemplated. The Correspondent of a newspaper cannot be con founded with a digger working without permis sive right. Neither of the eleven clauses, or the whole of them, confer any such power. The first clause specifies the necessity of pro curing a valid license. The second specifies amount of license, duration, and payment in advance. The third, by whom such licenses shall be issued, and to whom be producible on demand. The fourth, the size of claim, and settlement of disputes concerning such. The fifth, disallowance of reserve of claim, if left unoccupied. The sixth, regulations for sluice working. The seventh, power to refuse licenses to parties unable to produce discharge from last service. The eighth, limitation of licenses. The ninth, forbidment to undermine in im mediate vicinity of road, or thoroughfare. The tenth, a general clause, stating that a monthly license, of thirty shillings payable in advance, will be demanded at the Gold Fields, from all persons connected with the search for gold, except persons specially prorided for otherwise by the regulations, which evidently refers to "Companies' Servants," who will not be liable to pay the monthly fee of thirty shillings, because such company, on the line being grant ed, undertake to pay a royalty of five per cent on all gold extracted, and the servants of such company will be provided with special tickets bearing the joint stamp of the company and the goverment. The question at issue resolves it self to this.—"Is a correspondant of a news paper, a person connected with the search of gold ? Without pretence to knowledge of the law we decidedly think he is not. The corres pondent of the Argus, quotes the following col loquy. "Mr. Fenwick.—You are charged with having no license; are you guilty or not guilty? Defendant.—Not guilty. I am not a digger, and no not consider that I require a license. Mr. Fenwick.—Oh, you say you are not guilty? Have you got a license ? If so pro duce it. Defendant.—I have not taken out a license for the present month. Mr Fenwick. Very well, as it is late in the month, (t 14th,) the Court fine you £5, or 14 days impri sonment. Leave the court and settle it outside." The first reply of the defendant is satisfactory, but his second reply is damaging to his case, inferring that he had taken out a license upon some former occasion ; but even that would not justify the commissioner in inflicting the fine, or fourteen days imprisonment, in default thereof. Finally, if the Ballarat correspondent of the Argus confined himself strictly to the duties of his position as correspondent, we think that the commissioner has behaved harshly to him, and mulcted him in a fine, for not doing that which, by the regulations he was never re quired to do. But if the correspondent, has engaged in other business, and is a resident on the gold fields, he must he considered in the same category as storekeepers and others. 