tiaratum. ,¿ , THE ENGLISH HlJMOURlSf S ild OF THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY. 'A < ' BrW. M. Thackeray. ." Smith, Elder and Co., Cornhill. In this enchanting volume, we have collected together the substance of the famous lectures (lately delivered in London, and now delivering in the United States) on the great English humorists, those brilliant literary stars that were set in the zodiac of the Eighteenth Century and by the impulse of an appreciation that loses no excellence-that passes over no salient point of illustration that dwells delightfully on the power and the genius, the intelligence and the scholarship of these admirable men, we have their portraits drawn for us, with all their failings and westerner their manliness and their meannesses without one acrid touch, boozy and boisterous, generous and brave such as might be sketched by an artistic Briareus, whose vast hand has tuRned as yet no paralysis. It is good to see how their finest phases are paraded with an iron. tentatious dignity, which, While it provokes laughter, makes us love the men and their memories, even while a touch or two of trees pathos make the eyes swim in tears. Nothing can be more unaffectedly tender than the paragraph relating Goldsmith's death, and the request of the " Jessamy Bride " for a lock of the loving poet's hair, which she cherished to her beautiful old age, even then, at seventy, nine, looking beautiful through the almost sanctified affection with which the affectionate blundered hallowed her sweet, fair youth. Finely, indeed, is the scorching anguish of Swift's fierce idiosyncracy depicted, and generously are the traits of his better nature delineated. How stately does the proud poverty of the cold, grey-eyed Addison appear ! How jovial, kind, affectionate and reckless is Steele iii the coffee house the " Corporal Dick" of " Esmond !" How agreeable a roysterers Prior-how simple-hearted Gay, and how heroic is the puny cripple-the polished, the elegant Pope ! How clouded canes, earling wigs, dress sword), ruffles, and diamond boxes glitter in the courtly throng among which these men of genius moved. Hogarth, Smollett, and Fielding ! what verities of giant dimensions, of wit, great gifts, and honest human manliness are they before our eyes, so bold and so unflinching, the masters of their craft. With what genuine humour are the humours of Sterne and Goldsmith handled. Sterne, with his laboured sentiment, that now and then looks like sham, and is as often again touching and irresistible; Goldsmith, that is tender and confiding " wears ing his heart upon his sleeve." No man living could do such justice to them, has so assimilated himself with them in language and manner, in thought and in deed, as Mr. Thackeray. It is no sprawling hand that has painted this immortal gallery of portraits. The touches are not delicate, nor yet coarse of out line, but Hogarthian rather, omitting no vulgar accessory perhaps, or such as the captious might deem so ; but then what colouring ! what groupings-what excellence in detail what perfection in finish Mr Thackeray's book will live a thousand years, and be hunted up after that May he himself live many, to give us many more such works, for there is yet much to be done, and of a kindred nature. Praise is here superfluous, and there is nothing to detract from. Eulogy would be exhausted over this most delicious volume, and we rather refer our readers to the extracts, which are so excellent in their several forms of interest and suggestiveness, that we make no apology for their number : THE "AGE" OF THE SPECTATOR, TATLEB, &c.; As we read in these delightful volumes of the " Tatler" and " Spectator," the past age returns, the England of our ancestors revivified. The Maypole rises in the Strand again in London ; the churches are thronged with law worshippers the beaux are gathering in the coffee-houses -the gentry are going to the Drawing-room the ladies are thronging to the toy-shops-the chairmen are jostling in the sweets" the footmen are running with links before the chariots, or fighting round the theatre doors, In the country * see the young Squire riding to Etoffwith his servants behind him, and Will Wimble, the end o'J*8 family, to see him safe. To make that journey from the Squire's and back, Will is a week on horseback. The coach takes five days between London and the Bath. The Judges and the bar ride the circuit, u my lady comes to town in her post-chanot, W people carry pistols to fire a salute on Captain Mac- heath if he should appear, and her couriers ride a bean to prepare apartments for her at the great caravan- serves on the road; Boniface receives her «"****}; creaking sign of the Bell or the Ram, and he and a chamberlain bow her up the great stair to the state apartments, whilst her carriage rumbles to the court-yard, where the Exeter Fly is housed was performs the journey in eight days 0<».wU,"'fä' having achieved its daily flight of twenty miles, and landed its passengers for supper and sleep. a" curate is taking his pipe in the kitchen, a"s/S Captain's man-having hung up his Tauwrs was pike-is at his bacon and eggs, bragging of sweets and Malplaquet to the townsfolk, who have their cWD in the chimney corner. The Captain fo.#to£*í! chambermaid in the wooden gallery, or bribing herw know who is the pretty young mistress that has come" in the coach? The packhorses are in f»JP£ stable, and the drivers and ostlers carousing toilets. Aplin Mrs. Landlady's bar, overa gives strong waters, sits a gentleman of sanitary appearance, ww travels with pistols, as all the rest of the world does and has a rattling grey mare In the stables wbfoh<m* be saddled and away with its owner by before the " Five sets out on its M dSÎ!tïïï£ And some five miles on the road, as ti*J*»tf*% comes jingling and creaking onwards, it was 3 I ,< ^ ' " r suddenly Hurst 9 2SM . charwoman onagmy,m^jrt*ablack*visarf rehearses, who thrust a long pistol into the coach window, and bids the company to hand out their purses. . . It must have been no small pleasure even to sit in the great kitchen in those days and see the tide of human Sind pass by. We-arrive at places now, but we travel no more. Addison talks jocularly of a difference of manner and costume being quite perceivable at Staines, where there passed a young feW with a very tolerable periwig, though to be sure his hat ants out of fashion, and had a Ramillies cook." I would have liked to, travel in those days (being of that class of travellers who are proverbially pretty easy coram laborious) and have seen my friend with the grey mare and the black wizard I Alas I there always came a day in the life of that warrior when it was the fashion to accompany him as he passed without his black musk, and with a nosegay in his hand, accompanied by halberdiers and attended by the sheriff in a carriage without springs, and a clergyman jolting beside him to a spot close by Cum- berland gate and the Marble Arch, where a stone still records that here Tyburn turnpike stood. What a change in a century in a few years Within a few yards of that gate the fields began ; the fields of his exploits, behind the edges of which he lurked and robbed. A great and wealthy city has grown over the meadows. Were a man brought to die there now, the windows would be closed and the inhabitants keep their houses in sickening horror. A hundred years back people crowded to see that last act of a highwayman's life, and make jokes on it. Swift laughed at him, grimly advising him to provide a Holland shirt and white cap crowned with a crimson or black ribbon for his exit, to mount the cart cheer- fully shake hands with the hangman, and so- fare- well Gay wrote the most delightful ballads and made merry over the same here. Contrast these with the writings of our present humourists : compare those morals and ours-those manners and oars I - MANNERS OF THE LAST AGE. There exists a curious document descriptive of the manners of the last age, which describes most minutely the amusements and occupations of persons of fashion in London at the time of which we are speaking; the time of Swift, and Addison, and Steele. When Lord Sparklsh, Tom Neverout, and Colonel A wit, the immortal personages of Swift's polite conversation, came to breakfast with my Lady Smart, at 11 o'clock in the morning, my Lord Smart was absent at the levee. His lordship was at home to dinner at 3 o'clock to receive his guests and we may sit down to this meal, like the Barmecide's, and see the tops of the last century before us. Seven of them sat down at dinner, and were joined by a country baronet, who told them theykeptcourthours. These persons of fashion began their dinner with a sirloin of beef, fish, a shoulder of Real, and a tongue. My Lady Smart carved the sirloin my Lady Answerall helped the fish, and the gallant Colonel out the shoulder of veal, All made a considerable inroad on the sirloin and the shoulder of veal with the exception of Sir John, who had no appetite, having already partaken of a beefsteak and two mugs of ale, besides a tankard of March beer as soon as he got out of bed. They drank claret, which the master of the house said should always be drunk after fish and my Lord Smart particularly recommended some excellent order to my Lord Sparkish, which occasioned some brilliant remarks from that nobleman. When the host called for wine, he nodded to one or other of his guests, and said, " Tom Neverout, my service to you." After the first course came almond padding, fritters, which the Colonel took with his hands out of the dish, in order to help the brilliant Miss Notable; chickens, black puddings, and soup; and Lady Smart, the elegant mistress of the mansion, finding a skewer in a dish, placed it in her plate with directions that it should he carried down to the cook and dressed for the cook's own dinner. Wine and small beer were drunk during this second coarse; and when the Colonel called for beer, he called the butler, Friend, and asked whether the beer was good. Various jocular remarks passed from the gentle folk to the servants; at breakfast several persons had a word and a"3oke-fbr Mrs. Betty, my lady's maid, who warmed the cream and had charge of the canister (the toa cost 30s a pound in those days). When ray lady Sparkish sent her footman out to my Lady Match to-come at 6 o'clock and play at quadrille, her ladyship warned the man to follow his nose, and if he fell by the way not to stay to get up again. And when the gentlemen asked the hall- porter if his lady was at home, that functionary replied, with manly waggiehness, "She was at home just now, but she's not gone out yet." After the puddings. sweet and black, the fritters and soup, came the third course, of which the chief dish was a hot venison party, which was put before Lord Smart, and carved by that nobleman. Besides the party, there was a have, a rabbit, some pigeons, par ridges, a goose, and a barn. Beer and wine were freely imbibed during this course, the gentlemen always pledging somebody with every glass which they drank; and by this time the con versed ion between Tom Neverout and Miss Notable had grown so brisk and lively that the Derbyshire baronet began to think the young gentlewoman was Tom's sweetheart on which Miss remarked, that she loved Tom " like pie." After the goose, some of the gentlemen took a dram of brandy, which " was very good for the wholesome," Sir John said and now having had a tolerably substantial dinner, honest Lord Smart bade the butter bring up the great tankard full of October to Sir John. The great tankard was passed from hand to hand and mouth to mouth, but when pressed by the noble host upon the gallant Tom Never out, he said, " No faith, my lord, I like your wine, and Won't put a churl upon a gentleman. Your honour's claret is good enough for me." And so, the dinner over, the host said, "Hong saving, bring us up a ha'porth of cheese." The cloth was now taken away, and a bottle of Burgundy was set down, of which the ladies were invited to partake before they went to their tea When they withdrew the gentlemen promised to join them in an hour; fresh bottles were brought the " dead men," meaning the empty bottles, were removed; and d'you hear, John bring clean glasses," my Lord Smart said. On which the gallant Colonel Alwit said, " I'll keep my glass; for wine is the best liquor to wash glasses in." After an hour the gentlemen joined the ladies, and then they all safe and played quadrille until 3 o'clock in the morning, when the chairs and the flambeaux came, and this noble company went to b 5d. Such were manners six or seven score years ago. I draw no inference from this queer picture-let all moralists here present uVdnce their own. Fancy the moral condition of that society in which a lady of fashion joked with a footman, and carved a great shoulder of veal, and provided besides a sirloin, a Soose, hare, rabbit, chickens,, partridges, black-out ings, and a ham for a dinner for eight Christians. What what could have been the condition of that polite world in which people openly ate goose after almond pudding, and took their soup in the middle of dinner? Fancy a colonel in the Guards putting his I calling out to the table, " Hong expense, bring us a ha'porth of cheeses" such were the ladies of Saint James's such were the frequenter's of White's Chocolate House, when Swift used to visit it, and Steele described it as the centre of pleasure, gallantry and entertainment, a hundred and forty years ago t , HOGARTH. In that last plate of the London Apprentices, in which the apotheosis of the Bight, Hon. Francis Goodchild is drawn, a ragged fellow is, represented in the corner of the simple kindly piece, offering for saleabroadside.pur porting to contain an account of the appearance the ghost of Tom Idle, executed at Tyburn. Could Tom's ([host have made his appearance in 1860, and not in 1747, what changes would have been remarked by that astonished escaped criminal I Over that road which the hangman used to travel constantly, and the Oxford stage twice a week, go ten thousand carriages every day over yonder road, by which Dick Turpin ned to Windsor, and Squire Western journeyed into town, when he came to take up his quarters at the Hercules Pillars on the outskirts of London, what a sash of civilization and order flows now I What armies of gentlemen with umbrellas, march to banks, sod chambers, and counting houses I What regal attention nursery maids and pretty infantry, what PWenil processions of policemen, what light broughams and what gay carriages, what swarms of busy .Ppmntiees and artificers, riding on omnibus roofs, P's daily and hourly 1 Tom Idlers times are quite changed: many of the institutions gone into durase TO admired in his day. There's more pity as dances and a better chance for poor Tom's sire fWMwnow than at that slmplerperiod when Held K hanged him and Hogarth drew him. To the Went in history, these admirable works must be ÍnTí¿2Bb1?' as they alyssum -the most complete and a truthful picture of the manners, and even the thoughts, ' ofmepastwmtory. We look, and see pass before us the England of a hundred years ago-the peer in his drawing-room, the lady of fashion in her apartment, «iïe!fÇntS!Dger8 »«««"pding ber, and the chamber filled with gewgaws in the mode of that day; the church, with its quaint florid architecture and singing congregation ; the parson with his great wig and the beadle with his cane; all these are represented before us, and we are sure of the truth of the portrait. We see how the Lord Mayor dines in state; how the cellar, and how he finishes his career at the gibbet. We may depend upon the perfect accuracy of these strange and varied portraits of the by-gone generation ; we see one of Walpole's members of Parliament cheered after his election, and the lieges celebrating the event, and drinking confusion to the Pretender; we see the grenadiers and trainloads of the City marching out to meet the enemy and have before us, with sword and firelock, and white Hanoverian horse embroidered on the cap, the very figures of the men who ran away with Johnny Cope, and who con- quered at Culloden. The Yorkshire waggon rolls into the inn yard; the country parson in his jack- boots, and his hands and short cassock, comes trotting into town, and we fancy it is Parson Adams, with his sermons in his pocket. The Salisbury fly sets forth from the old Angel-you see the passengers enter the great heavy vehicle, up the wooden steps, their hats tied down with handkerchiefs over their faces, and under their arms sword, hanger', and case bottle ; the landlady-apoplectic with the liquors in her own bar-is tugging at the bell; the hunchbacked postil- lion-he may have ridden, the leaders to Humphrey Clinker is begging a gratuity; the miser is grumb- ling at the bill; and of the Centurion lies on the top of the clumsy vehicle, with a soldier by his side-it maybe Smollett's Jock Hatchway it has a likeness to Lismahago. You see the suburban fair and the strolling company of actors; the pretty milkmaid singing under the windows of the enraged French musician-it is such a girl as Steele charmingly described in the " Guardian," a few years before this date, singing under Mr. Ironside's window in Shire lace, her pleasant carol of a May morning. You see noblemen and blacklegs bawling and betting in the Cockpit ; you see Garrick as he was arrayed in King Richard; Blackheath and Polly in the dresses which they were when they charmed our ancestors, and when noblemen in blue ribbons sat on the stage and listened to their delightful music. You see the ragged French soldiery, in their white coats and cock- sides, at Calais Gate-they are-of the regiment, very likely, which friend Roderick Random joined before he was rescued by his preserver Monsieur de Strap, with whom he fought on the famous day of Dettingen. You see the judges on the bench ; the audience laugh- ing in the pit; the student in the Oxford theatre; the citizen on his country walk ; you see Broughton the boxer, Sarah Malcom the murderess, Simon Lovat the traitor, John Wilks, the demagogue, leer ing at you with that squint which has become historical, and with that face which, ugly as it was, he said he could make as captivating to woman as the countenance of the handsomest beau in town. All these sights and people are with you. After looking in the Rake's Progress" at Hogarth's picture of St. James's Palace gate, you may people the street, but little altered within these hundred years, with the gilded carriages and thronging chairmen that bore the courtiers your ancestors to Queen Caroline's drawing-room more than a hundred years ago, GOLDSMITH. Nobody knows, and I dare say Goldsmith's buoyant temper kept no account of all the pains which he endured during the early period of his literary career. Should any man of letters in our day have to bear up against such, Heaven grant he may come out of the period of misfortune with such a pure kind heart as that which Goldsmith obstinately bore in his breast. The insults to which he had to submit are shocking to read of slander, contumely, vulgar satire, brutal malignity perverting his commonest motives and actions; he had his share of these, and one's anger is roused at reading of them, as it is at seeing a woman insulted or a child assaulted, at the notion that a creature so very gentle and weak, and full of love, should have had to suffer so. And he had worse than insult to undergo-to own to fault, and deprecate the anger of ruffians. There is a letter of his extant to one Griffiths, a bookseller, in which poor Goldsmith is forced to confess that certain books sent by Griffiths are in the hands of a friend from whom Goldsmith had been forced to borrow money. " He was wild, Sir," Johnson said, speaking of Goldsmith to Boswell, with his great, wise benevolence and noble mercifulness of heart, " Dr. Goldsmith was wild, Sir ; but he is so no more." Ah 1 if we pity the good and weak man who suffers undeservedly, let us deal very gently with him from whom misery extorts not only tears, but shame ; let us think humbly and charitably of the human nature that suffers so sadly and falls so low. Whose turn may it' be to-morrow ? What weak heart, confident before trial, may not succumb under temptation invincible? Cover the good man who has been vanquished cover his face and pass on. * * * Think of him reckless, thriftless, vain if you like but merciful, gentle, generous, full of love and pity. He passes out of our life, and goes to render his account beyond it. Think of the poor pensioners weeping at his grave ; think of the noble spirits that admired and deplored him; think of the righteous pen that wrote his epitaph and of the wonderful and unanimous response of affection with which the world has paid back the love he gave it. His humour delighting us still; his song fresh and beautiful as when first be charmed with it his words in all our mouths; his very weaknesses beloved and familiar his benevolent spirit seems still to smile upon us to do gentle kindnesses to succour with sweet charity to soothe, caress, and forgive to plead with the fortunate for the unhappy and the poor. 