SOCIAL MANNERS OF THE LAST CENTURY. (From the Gentleman's Magazine fbr ; September.) Anj one wk) will talcc the trouble to go eartfaily through the columns of the Daily Post or Jburnal of the years 1724, 5, 6, and 7, will find therein scattered yet ample proofs that dissoluteness and the sword were inseparable, drink lending fierceness to both. We find au illustration of thi9 earlier than either of periods named above. In 1716, for instance, Lord Mohun and Captain Hall forcibly carried off Mrs. JJracegirdlo, the actress, at the point of the sword. They were obliged, however to surrender their prey; but they lay in wait for Will Montford, the player, who was supposed to be an admirer of the lady's, and of whom Hall was jealous, and barbarously murdered Ivira in the streets. The " watch" had timidly offered to interfere, but the peer and his companions had driven them away, and then gladly proceeded to the consummation of a deed for which a triply-blind justice subsequently refused t) exact retribution. It was this Mohun who afterwards fought the butchering duel in Hyde Park with the Duke of Hamilton. lie spent the previous night" at the bagnio," with his second, Major-General M'Carthy, and left it, as the Postboy remarks, " seized with fear and trembling." " The ;dog Mohun," says Swift, " was killed on the spot; but while the duke was standing over him, Mohun [Query M'Carthy] shortened liis sword, and stabbed him in the shoulder to the heart." M'Carthy, like Hall, was a sort of bully in the lord's pay, and the mortal wound given to the duke was believed to have been delivered by his hand The parties lay on the ground, rolling over, and hacking at each other iike savages. These antagonists fought for a poor reason—some miserable question of law j but the general gallants of the day were well content to fight for no reason at al 1 Thus Fullwood, the lawyer, in 1720, while standing, as was the custom of the pit, to see Mrs. Oldfield's ' Scornful Lady," remonstrated with Beau Fielding, for pushing against him. " Orlando the Fair" straightway put his hand to his sword, and the pugnacious lawyer, determined not to be behindhand, drew his blade, and passed it into the body of the beau. While the latter, who was a mature gentleman of some half century old, was exhibiting his wound, in order to excite the sympathy which he did not get from the laughing ladies, Fullwood, flushed with victory, hastened to the playhouse in Lincoln's Inn Fields, where lie picked a quarrel with a Captain Cusack, who was a better swordsman than Orlando, and who stopped the lawyer's triumphs by straightway slayinghim. Night was made hideous by the encouuters of these amateur swordsmen on the darkened highways. In one of the numbers of the Daily Pout for 1720, I find it recorded that a bevy of drunken gallants having descended from a coach in Piccadilly, of course quarrelled with the coachman, whom they bilked, and because he remonstrated, stabbed bis patient horses. The courageous young gentlemen then entered a publie-honse for the entertainment of very equivocal company, wherein they not only assaulted with their swords the other gallants whom they found therein, but also the "ladies." ]n the midst of the fray, the honest mistress of the mansion flings herself at the feet of the assailants, beseeching them not to ruin her reputation, and bring discredit upon an establishment noted for its safety and secrecy! The paragraph which succeeds that of which the above is the substaucc, announces to the public that, on Sunday next, the Lord Bishop of Loudon Will preach at Bow Church, Cheapside, on the necessity of a reformation of manners. It must be confessed that the sermon was very mncli needed ; and it is to be deplored that it was not followed by the desired results. The "wits" were desperadoes who assumed that name, who formed themselves into " sword-clubs," and who took possession of the town in the dead hours of night, to the peril of life and limb of every human being whom at that season they found crossing their path. The peculiar names under which these cluls maintained continual terror through the town were as fanciful as those more learned but somewhat pugnacious associations which in Tasso's time did the office of reviewers, and were the aversion of authors. The " Bold Bucks" and the " Hell Fires" divided the metropolis between them. The latter were content to kill watebmeu and simple citizens. Such killing was with tbcm but an act of "justifiable homicide," and the inclination for it one of those amiable weaknesses which the young gentlemen of the day looked upon as the most natural thing possible. The "Bold Bucks," under their significantly devilish device of "Blind and Bold Love,' 1 were, however, steeped in deeper infamy than their rivals. The beasts that perish were more decent than they, and their very sisters gazed at them with trembling apprehension. All the " Bold Bucks" were necessarily atheists. Atheism was one of the indispensable qualifications for admission. Had the Bishop of London preached his sermon, on the necessary reformation of manners at St. Mary-le-Strand, his Lordship would doubtless have been treated to a running commentary on his discourse; the "Bold Bucks" being accustomed to assemble every Sunday at a tavern adjacent to that locality, where, during divine service, they kept a loud band of Tnusis continually at work; and after service seated themselves at a banquet, the chief dish whereof was one blasphemously named a " Holy Ghost Pie?" The sword- clubs were suppressed by royal proclamation in 1724. Some say that they bad been denounced as unlawful three years previously. However | i'jts may be, the object of the proclama- tion was to banish from civilised society tbe presence of the sword itself, in order thereby to check tbe practice of duelling, .which was at that period exercised exclusively by means of the sword. Tbe Jaw became stringent and judges merciless upon this point. This was uiado sufficiently clear in 1720, when Major Oneby killed Mr. Gowcr in a duel with swords fought in a tavern, after a dispute over a game at hazard. The parties bad fought in a room alone. The major, who had been both the aggressorandchallenger,mortally wounded Mr. Gower, who, however, declared that he had fallen in fair combat. A jury, nevertheless, found Oneby'guilty of murder j the Judgc3 acquiesced in the verdict, and the major only escaped execution by committing suicide. The law had not long to wait before other offenders were summoned for too freely using tbe Eword On a night in November, 1727, Savage, the poet, with two companions, named Gregory and Merchant, entered a coffee-house, near Charing -cross. Merchant insulted tbe company, a quarrel ensued, swords were drawn, and a Mr. Sinclair was slain by a thrust, it was said (but not proved) from the sword of Savage. The result of the trial that followed is well known. The verdict of guilty of murder against Savage and Gregory, and of manslaughter against Merchant (.who was the most culpable party), was exacted by the Judge, evidently under pressure of the proclamation against swords. Merchant was burned in tie hand in open court, fined, compelled to give security for future good behaviour, and discharged. His associates hud a narrow escape of the ignominious death for which they were assiduously prepared by Dr. Young, who was not then known for his " Night Thoughts," but who was at the time establishing a reputation by the publication of those Satires which so faithfully pourtray the social crimes and errors of the day. Johnson's Life of Savage does not state Merchant's sentence, nor does it notice upon what terms Savage and Gregory obtained their liberty. They were liberated upon condition of their withdrawing to the colonics for the space of three years, aud giving security to keep the peace. The conditions appear to have been evaded. Gregory, indeed, did proceed to Antigua, where he obtained an appointment in the Customs; but the wayward Savage sat down as a pensioner at the hearth of Lord Tyrconncl; whose benevolence, it is hardly necessary to add, he most shamefully abused. Nearly the last, if not the last, duel fought with swords, was the fatal one between Lord Byron and Mr Chaworth (January, 1762). Tbejhad quarrelled at the Star and Garter, Pall-mall, upon a question touching manors and gamepreserves. They fought in a closed room of the tavern, aud Mr. Chaworth was slain. The circumstance of the killing looked much more like murder than in the case of Major Oneby and Gower. The Peers, however, acquitted Lord liyion of murder, but found him guilty of manslaughter. His Lordship claimed the benefit of the statue of Edward VI., and was discharged on paying his fees. A bitter mockery of justice! 