i Last Moments of Celebrated Men. Our obituary f r tho year 1853 clo?C3 this day with a distinguished list. Thc civic career of the lamented state-men whose names are subjotued, terminated at cock-crow this morning, with the exceptions of Councillor Driver, who despite the .opinion of hisphysiciaus, has intimated an undy- ing resolve not to expire before midnight ; and Councillor Thomas, who has kindly consented to survive him, for the purpose of screwitig him down. The Inst Mayor of Sydney, Daniel Egan, Esq., tn imitation -of the immortal -Casar, birricd-his ? face in his robe, and exclaiming " Kat you brute !" to his friend Fisher, gave up the ghost of the Mayoralty at 23 min. past 1 a.m. Alderman Allen, emulating Socrates, swallow- ed a decoction of tea-leaves, and placidly expired at Toxteth. Alderman Brown died in harness. Aldennnn Ryan departed imperceptibly. Alderman Thurlow's demise was occasioned by suffocation induced by a red-tape worm. " Alderman Wilshire died exclaiming "I'll not pu'y another tanner !" Councillor Arkins went to Ltmb-o with Chris- tian resignation. Councillor limad fell from his altitude of power, and was killed on the 'spot. Councillor Cockburn's last words were-"Pass the sherry." Councillor Eldridge is dying at this vcr}' mo- ment. Councillor Fisher, who had been suffering from palpitation of the heart for some time previously, died in the effort to replace bis name on thc Herald's subscription list. Councillor Hogan expired in a clean shirt. Councillor Jenkins died Binging-If I had a friend and a bottle t > give him." Councillor Lenehan sailed for England monti« ago, and has never siucc-beed heard of. Reported "lost" at Lloyd's. Councillor M'Kncroe heroically sneezed him- self to death with " Irish Blackguard." Councillor Moffitt, in his last moments, ex- pressed a desire to be buried in boards. Councillor Oatley died rho -death of the righte- ous in a " Sportsman's Anns." Councillor Pernell was cut down like the flour wo have heard tell of. Councillor Pcden's spirit passed in him, and he knew his place no more. Councillor Roberts died according.to law. Coucillor Simmons' end wits singularly awful. His dying exclamation iii the final paroxysm was :-" The rest is Chaos !" Councillor Thornton died according to Custom. Councillor Watton followed his friend Thorn- ton's example. Councillor Weekes was u'nf ?rtOnatcly poisoned by mistake of the monthly nurse who was en- gaged to attend him. Councillor Williams immolated himself after thc manner of Hafed. The Town Clerk di-f We have just received a communication from the medical gentlemen in attendance upon Mr Rae to the effect that he is entirely out of danger, and may safely be re- moved".] 