LONDON AS IT WAS AND IS-HOGARTH'S IAIN DON Al'i'KliNTICliS. (From " Th» English Humorists of the Eigh- teenth Century, .vc") lia W. JU. Tliactteratj. In tlie famous story of Industry oi:d Idleness fair-haired Fruitk Goodchild smiles at his work _whilst naughty Tom Idle snores over his loom Frank rends tho edifying ballads of Whittingtoi and the London 'Prc II ti co, whilst Mint reproban Tom Idle prefers Moll Flanders, and drinks hugel; of beer. Frank guca to church of a Sunday, mm warbles hymns from tho gallery; while Tom liol on a toinb-stotia outside playing at halfpenny under tho lint, with street blackguards, and is de- servedly caned by the beadle. Frank is mailt overseer of tho business, whilst Tom is sent to sen. Frank is taken bro partnership, and mairies his master's daughter. . . . Tho Worshipful Franois Goodchild, Esq., becomes Sherill' of Lou- don, aud partakes of tho mo3t splendid diviners wliioh money cnn purchase or Alderman devour; whilst poor Tom is taken up in a night cellar, with that« ono-eyed and disreputable a<-camplU'C who first- taught him to play otiuuk-farthiug on a Sunday. 'What happens next? Tom is brouiilit up boforo tho just ¡co of-his country, in tho person of Mr. Alderman Goodchild, who weeps as he recognised his old brother 'prentice, as Tom's one eyed friend peaches nu him, ns tho clerk makes cut tho t-oor rogue's ticket for Newgate. Then tho end comes. Torn goes to Tyburn in a curt with a coffin in. it; whilst tho Hight Honourable Francis Gooodehild, Lord Mayor of London, pro cceils to his Mansion House, in his gilt coach willi four footmen and a sword-bearer, whilst thc Companies of Louden march in tho august pro- cession, whilst the train bands of the City Art their pieces nnd get drunk in his honour; and, oh I crowning delight and glory ol' all, whilst Iii! Majesty thc King looks out from his royal balcony, with his ribbon on his brennt, and his Queen and his star by his side, at thu corner liou»o of St. Paul's Churchyard, whens tho toy-shop is now, How tho times, havo changed 1 Tho now Post- ónico now not disadvantageous!)' occupies that spot whoro the scaffolding is in tho picture, where tho tipsy trniaband-tnaii is lurching ngniuet thc post, with his wig ovor ono oyo, and tho'prentice boy is trying to kiss tho pretty girl in the gallery. Tust nway 'prepticc-boy and pretty girl ! Past away tipsy trainband-man with wig and ban- dolier ! ? Un tho spot .where Tom Idlo (for whom I have nn unaffected pity) made bis oxit from this «iokod world, and where you seo tho hangman smoking his pipo as ho rechneBon tho gibbet and views tho hills of Harrow and Hampstead beyond \- a splendid marbia arch, a vast and modem city-clean, airy, painted drab, populous with nurserymaids and children, tho nb des of wealth and comfort-tho elegant, tho prosperous, the polite T'yburnia mop, tho most rospcotahlo dis- trict in tho habitable globe .' III that last plate of tho Loudon Apprentice;), in which the apothe- osis of tho Hight llonourublo Frauuis Goodchild ls drawn, a ragged fellow is represented in the corner of tho timplo kindly piece, offering for salo a broadside, purporting to contain an account of tho appearance of the ghost of Tom Idle, executed at Tyburn. Could Tom's ghost havo made its ap-, pooranoo in 1800, nnd not in 1747, what changes would have been remarked hy that astonished escaped criminal 1 Over that road which the hangman used to travel constantly, and the Oxford stage twico a week, go toa thousand carringes every doy : over yonder road, by which Dick Turpin Hod to Windsor, nnd Squire Wes- tern joiirnoycd into town, when ho carno to take up his qiuirtcrs at tho Hercules Pillars on tho outskirts of London, what a rush of civilisation and order flows now 1 What armies of gentle- men with ambrollas march to Imnks.'and chambors, and counting hotwes I Whntrcgiinents of nursery- maids und pretty infuntry; what pouceitil processions of policemen, what light broughams and what gay carriages, what swarms of busy ap- prentices nutt artificer.', riding on omnibus-roofs, pass daily and hourly! Tom Idlo's limes aro quito changed : many of the Institutions gone into disuse which wero admired in his day. There's moro pity mid kindness mid a better chanco fur poor Tom's successors now than at that simpler period when Fielding hanged him aud Hogarth drew him. To tho student of bi«, tory, those admirable works must bo invaluable, as tliey give us tho most comploto and truthful piutnro of tho munnora, and even the thoughts of tho past century. Wo look, and seo pass bo- foro us tho England of a hundred years ago-tho poer in his drawing-room, the Indy of fashion in ncr apartment, foreign tingers surrounding h or, and tba cluiinbor filled with gow-gnws in tho modo of that day ; the church, w'tli its quaint florid architecture, and singing conprogatiou ; tho parson with his great wig, and tho beadle with his canot all theso aro represented boforc us, und wo aro suru of tho truth of tho portrait. . . . . Wo may dopend upo:i tho perfect accuracy of tlieso strango and variad portraits ol' tho bygone generation i wo soo one of Walpole's members of Parliamont cheered after his election, and tho liegos celebrating tho cvout, mid drink, iug confusion to the Pretender; wo soo tho grena- diers and trainbands of the City marching out to incut tho enmity; and havo ho Toro as, with sword and firelock, and white Hanoverian horse embroidered on tho oap, tho very figures of the mon who run away with Johnny Copo, and who conquered nt Culloden. Tho Yorkshires waggon rolls into tho itin-yard ; tho couutry-parsou, in his jtok-bools, and his hands and short cassock, comes trotting intu tomi, and wo fancy it is Parson Adorns, with lila sermons in his pocket. Tho Salisbury Hy sets ftvlh Irani tho old Angel you seo tho passengers entering tho great heavy vehicle, up tho womluu steps, (hoir hats tied down willi handkerchiefs ovur their faces, und nuder their arms, sword, banger, mid caso-bottlo; thu landlady-apoplccttu with tho liquors in lior own bnr-is lugging nt the bell; tho hunch- backed postillion - ho may hnvo rlddon tho louder* lo Humphry Clinker-is begging a gra- tuity ; tho miso." is grumbling nt thu bill; Jack of tho Centurion lies on the top of tho clumsy vehiule, with a soldier by his sido-It may bo Stuu![cl's Jack Hatchway-it luis a likotioss tu litsmahiigo. "'Inulo turning" lim bin n, it la auld, intro- duced nt Buckingham l'uluee, and I Ii nt, lier Majesty, after tho experiment, proiionnccd tho wholo tiling a pulpablo dolualon. A uuw Imperial ukimo boa (icon ptibllshod In I'ohuid, prohibiting .lowish «onion from wearing faino huir; Several havo boen punished for con- travention. A neat of young rooka, which wero porfootly white, nnd hud rod cyos nnd white legs, lins bcoii taken frcm tho plantation near Dalby Hall, Leicestershire Lieutenants Shirley and Hadley, of tho COtb, who, for a "lark," look a brother officer from lila bcd, and pumped upon him, nt freston, havo boen cashiered. DEOBADATION . or DIB Tonna.-Influence», superior to lill the provident ordinances of their prophet, liuve overcome that lelf-relying prido which tor ti fled them while it existed. Tho holy law is now no longer to them un oracle or a spoil. Thoy have put away tho sword. They have ii large fuution of them- laid aside the turban fur the rap. They stiut in frock coots, silk rashes, aud strops. These wero not simple alter- ations ti costume ; they were symptoms of a moral revolution, preliminary to the final wreck of their dignity and power. First, tho Tut ks never yielded to tho influences which produced these elimines, until th>y bad yielded to influences which produced changes of another kind. Foreign intel voiiiiun was supremo in their divan, long before it ruled tho fashion of tho bazaar. Slight, therefore, as theso indications may appear, they ure, tu those who are familiar with tho east, and have studied the spirit of a Maliomiaedun popu- lation, equally portentous with many others, which scum tu hear moro directly upon the uoluul condition of the porte. In reality, however, there is no necosBlty to ditsoct finely thc man- ners and tumpcri f tho »mall military class of Turks dominant in tliut immense empire. In tho most obvious and indi.si ciisit.lo elements upon which a jituto can repa c, they arc totally deficient-not in ono, not in many, but in all. They do not possess a single one ol' thu essential means for preserving tho integrity of a state. Their territories aro in universal uuaichy ; not everywhere violently mn nifestod, but exhibited immediately wht never tho touch of attempted authority is felt by tho popu- lation. Their army is foeldu and base. Their navy is crippled nnd poor. Their financial re- sources aro drainod. Their puhlio credit is a mere name, to which moro biispicion has beon attached hy tho transactions of thu Inst few months, than would bo sufficient to ruin n genu- ine commercial community. They nro united by no national feeling, but uro rather liko a garri- son in nu enemy's country. They ure devoured by internal discontent und intrigue. They nitiko no pretence of relying fur their own security upon their own power ; hut oscillate, in abject indecision and servility, between Kussia und Great Brimin. Their politicians, their military leaders, their financier-, are so many examples ot incapacity, with tho exception of n few, whom a want of (aleut mi^ht liavu saved from a toss of teputution ; and with nil ibis poiorty, weakness, dependence, what is left to redeem them, what siuglo resource do they posses , to atono in the least fur this moral and material destitution? (From ibo JSasltrn Question ; a very eloquent pamphlet, worthy nt tho present hour of the most earnest attention). l'ltoattESS or ITALIAN I.IDKRTV.-Neatly four months havo elapsed siuco tho Milan attempt ; and wo aro now (we quote from the Monthly ile cord of the Society of the Friends of Italy) enabled to stato ns a fuel » hat wo then foresaw. Not only tho fuiluro hus not unfavourably affected the general condition of tho Italian national party, but it has rather communicated an additional de- gree of vitality to ¡t. Wo state this as the most undeniable proof of tho point which tho national locling has reached in Italy. Ono degrco loss of ripeness might havo mada tho faillira unintelli- gible lo tho muss, consequently misjudged, und fatal to tlie party and its leader. Hut there are two (tagus in tho life of it ribing nation j thc first, the educational stage of martyrdom, when tho national thought lina not yet roached the uiasvea mnkos of every failure a fatal cvout, spreading discouragement and scepticism concerning thu strength and tho future vitality of the party ¡ tho second, tho Bingo ol' strugglo and victory, when tho worshippers of tho thought nre million», hails any bold nttempt, failing ur not, ns au incident in tho battle, as a proof that cirhnsiosin is living in tho hearts of thu soldiers of tho causo, us a fresh summons tn dura. Siuco 1848 and 18J9 Italy lins entered this second stage. Wa huvo boeñ carefully examining, during tito past ii moulin1, ns fur ns wo could, tbo um vernen t of t elements constituting (bo vital pnrt of tbo untie They aro moro stirring (linn bulolo tho Gth ol'1' hriinry. Tho reaetloimry l'iedniontuso press li .bce.i declaring every other day that Mn /.ini and the party were a dead tiling ; but t! very fact of declaring it every other day is e> denco of (ho loverse. A pamphlet, " Alcu; I'aginc di Giuseppe Mazzini," was being print in Oonoo, In nccordanco with all tho rulos ot lui it is a calm self-dcfcnco ugnlnst all the foul ace sutlons whioli have circulated, during twa nionil against Mazzini, through tho organs of t munnrchinl party-an appeal to fair play. It li heon illegally seized heforo publication, t! printer has been nrrostcd, and many houros ui successfully searched. All tho mostdlstlnguuhi lawyers of Gouoa havo united in a collective pr< test against tho illegality of tho seizure Ma: zini wroto nn mticlo himself against tho rofusi of fair play to him in his own country ; it wi soized again in tho /talia c l'opolo of Genoa, bi next day, litollcrio, n member of tho Sardinia parliament, reproduced it at Turin, in tho Vot della Liberia. Tho pamphlet is widely circula ting in Italy, and a second porular edition Is i cropariillon. A second very short pamphlet 1> Muzzlui, " ll Part ¡io d'Aziono," has bcou ¡mino diatoly roprinted in Genoa, at Geneva, mid b, tho clandestino press in Home. Tho "Partit' d'A/.ioiio" embodies tho actual view of tho most cnoructio fraction of th national party. Tho hour for action it declares, lins arrived; tho musses of tin pooplo. In towns especially, are rondy for it. Ol the other side, persecution eli ikes as well lin Italian who reads a publication of (ho olandesiliii press, as ono who bears witness for his l'ai tl by an annod protest. Armed protests are therefore, to bo preferred and retorted lt whorovcr and .whenever po-u-ib'e. Aolloi begets action. Tho innumerable volcnnii craters «¡til which Holy is everywhere covered want moroly tho eloetvio spark lo bo universally iutlamod. In such ii slam of things, war is ni open question, lt belongs to every uiiolotm o mon who think it ritiht to protest, to cliooso thc ii timo and pince-and not. lt is nn ordre du join of national Insurrection given lo all thoso win sutler and who will not lamely submit; on appen from tyranny to God and to tho peoplo, to bo ititi i iited by n series of local action?, which would, i brnvcly kept up, end lu producing a general coil' fUgrulioti. Of thc (ilau itself, it Is not ours licit to speak ; but when such npponlj, coming from i political party Immediately nl'tur a failure, art hailed hy numbers, reprinted, extensively circu- lated, and likely to br, in a moro or less Impor- tant manner, responded tn, thu country is ripe. Tho future, sooner than wo cati furscu or imagine, may furnish tho occasion. A GOOD lt EAMON.--" Como in, doo, and lot's lako a drink." " Thank ye, Thomas, can't afford lt." " Well, but I'll poy for It." " Oh, I'm not thinking ol' tho money." " What thou V " Loss of health nntl energy ; fur I toll you what it Is, Thomas, I find it up-hill business to work steady on under liijnrr. ll does woll enough for half im hour, mid thou 1 gut In/.y and moody, wan't more, and becoino reckless ; mid that's why I can't afford It, so here's home to dinner." A DKFINITION.-A ploughboy in WeElmotelnud was asked tho ol her day if Ito linn w whuro a cer- tain person lived. " (jil, yes," ho said, ho know' him well; "ho's a gradely gentleman." "-What do you menu hy a gentleman '(.' tho lad was asked; "how Is Mr.- onu In partiatilarV " Well," replied tho boy, scratching his head, as if to recall tho inseparable occidents or thc dif- ferentia of lho animal, " Well, ho wears n watch, mid ha ligs (Hos) by his-sol" (hu sleeps alone). POHSKSHION oPTHKtJiiAirrr.il DnoK.-A hardy son of tho ocean, lu retiring lo lu's ship after thu taking of Vein Cruz, captured ii donkey, mid Im- mediately mounted him ; but Besting himself uti tho rump, tho animal kicked tip mid cunio near throwing him off. A suldicr told him to tit further forward on lho mule, nud ho would not kiok BO. Tho old tar replied-"I'll seo you Mowed first ; tho animal ls mino, and I'd like tu know who'll stop mo fi om riding on the quarter- deck ol' my own jaokass.'1-slnicricrin l'tiper. NOT Cnoss.-"ls that dog ol' yottra ti CI'OES breed f asked a gentleman of n canino vender. "No, zur," was bis reply; " his mothar wits a gontlo nfl'eattonnto crotur.'' Tho mau left. WHAT A PITÏ Í-»A good Quaker lady, nftor listening to tho extravagant yarn of a storckoopcr ns long OB her patlrtnoo would allow, said to him, " Friend II-, what a pity It is that It ts a sin' to Ho, when It is so tioccssmy in thy business.'' Among tho titles of tho King ol Ava is, " ab-, soluto mailor of tho ebb and How of Ibo sea, brother to tho aun, and king of the four-andj twenty umbrellas." I Turras THROWN Awxr.-rSome years ago a Londuu chemist conceived the idea ot colleeting all the soapsuds of tba Metrojiolls, and recovering tbo soap that had been used in washing; and could he only have organised a plan of collecting the suds, he «auld havo succeeded. An idea similar to' this has, within tho last few years, been realised in Manchester, with tho refuse of the factories', 'tho invention bas boon-patented, mid an immense amount of waste tallow is tbus recovered, which uted lo bo washed into the Irish Channel, instead of returning to tho purlieus of civilization, the wash-houses and bed- chambers, lo wash the skins and garments of tho million. We hnve seen to-ip and Excellent caudles made I Vu ni tho soapsuds collected, from tho factories. Tue former mich!, but for tho duty, bo sold ot a ronny a pound, and tho latter at .ld. a pound, leaving n good profir. Tho Thames carries down many thoti-nnd tons of good soap and candles, which would bo much moro useful to Society, and mare grateful lo tho senses in that domcstio form ? mid clint actor, than in thoso they noir sustain in ihuir voyage to tho oocon. Some yenrs ago a liaient was taken out for a mode of recovering a huge poition of this tallow ; but it has not yet been carried into practical operation. What bas been dune already shows what may bo done, and what a vast amount of wealth is annually lost for want of tho mt-aus of collecting its scattered par- tiólos. Tho refuse of London alone-according lo the estimate of Licbog, 3 lb. weight per doy for each individual, un thu averngo-is valued by . «mie as high ns ¿13,000,000 per annum; and £10,000,000 sterling must, therefore, bo regarded as a moderato calculation. Hero is one-filth part ' of tho national rcvctiuo nt once, nay one-third of tho interest of tho notional debt, which costs. only £30,000,000 per annum. Hut tho ref uso of thc whole United Kingdom lins, by tho samo authority, been estimated n t £ 18u,()00,OOO-say £l.'>0,000,000 for a moderato calculation ! Well, here is tlirco times tho amount of the national revenue, and enough to pay the wholo principal of tho national debt in five or six yenrs 1 Hero is a California J What is thu uso of going to tho diggings of tho Far Wost, or tho Ophir Moun- tains ol Australia, when such iufinitp, endlos», exhaust leas sources of wealth aro to bo in (shall we writo it ia full)-tho common senors ? Household Words. A TUHKISII Hon Hov.-The Times corres- ponde ut gives tho following as a specimen of tho laxity of tho internal administration of Turkey« -Tho important city of Smyrna, tho second port ol' tho Ottoman Umpire, lins now hem fur nearly four years practically in a stalo of siege. Tho ' destaging army consists nf about n ecoro of clover desperadoes, bonded by a certain " Ynni Kntiirgi,'' or John tho muleteer, a sort of Rob Hoy, who levies black mail on tho neighbouring villages, und from thc mountain heights wntohes thc movements of tho cnravnii or rich traveller. Muleteer John lins a wcll-organisod baud of spies in the city, and when any wealthy merchant or hanker slays somewhat out of bounds he is flounced upon and carriod to tho bills, »hero he ins to remain ill-fed and lodged, and otherwise) uncomfortable, until torms of ransom aro agreed upon. This accident happened about.n year ago to tho Dutch Vico-Consul, who was seized in his ' own garden, and carried off, nor was lie restored to his family until a Iorgo sum lind been paid, as . ransom. Tho Sultan lefundcd him tho money, nut others who cati less ii fiord to lose their cash have been ubliged to ritiso thc ransom on their own re- sources. A few days ago a new expluit was record, d of this bold freebootor. The General Assembly of tho Island of Sumos Bent u députa, (ion of tin co of tho principal inhabitants of tho island to Constantinople with tho annual tributo, amouuting to £1000. The deputation landed on thu coast of Asia, und proceeded on their road to Smyrna. When near tho vlllago of Chiuouikeni, fi vu men, armed with double-barrelled guns, potincod upon them, seized mid tied their hands behind them, uftor which they proceeded to tho hunt, of which tliov took possession, having se- cured ibo sailors. Towards thu oloso of tho day, I hoy disembarked w ith tho prisoners, bailed to a desert point of tim Island of Sumos, nnd sont one of the deputies to his friend! to «ny that if £1000 wcro not paid nt a certain place within three days, tho other prisoners would bo put to (loath. Wo havo not yet hoard of thc result of thia n fbi ir, bub if tho puor Groeka oscatio without paying ransom they will bo Hie first who have dono so. Tun 1'niLOHOViir or WIIISTH.NO.-I do not ob- . jeet to whistling. This Bpecics of sibillalion ls, undoubtedly, a necessity of nature. In tho ma- terial world we find that barrels, when in a state of fermentation, rctptiru a venthole, in order that tho superfluous gas may escapo. So with ani- mals; two-legged or otherwise An action, a. motion, an operation must he performed, whereby tho superfluous hilarity of tho croaturu may lie discharged. With tho human subject whistling is tho channel, and so wo find that a certain re- dundancy of enjoyment is always productivo of this oxpross'on. . it may not bo in time; it may not even l c distinguishable as an air. A sort ot* diatnut metaphor, suggestive, but nothing moro. To mo It is moro rcdulout of sentiment titan tho cloud compelling flourishes of an Italian prima donna. I am disposed to ho onthusinstio cn tho subject ol" whittling. Thcroistomymindsomcthing manly in the pcrfutmaueo. A lunn who eau whistlo, may/to any extent, defy his wifo. That préro- gative a'oito should inliko it classical, what, uudor tho dome of llo.ivon, is moro vexatious to bur than to hear un Irreverent whist}» whilst she is Infout on vooolly estimating tho moral deficiencies of her husband. Nob alono does it oloso tho summary, but. it van- quishes tho sumtniirluii. Husbands ! try it ! Sou' ll hero a out-tain lcoluro novar more. That whistling was contemplated by a benignant Nature in tho soberest of moods, is apparent from tho fact that it is iintqually distributed.', It it> a. gift; an ondowmcnt ; an nftur-tliouuht ;° a kind of codicil added by tho darno after abu hud rondo liorgonorol bequests. Wo havo no Mosaio testi- mony that Adam whistled, but it ls highly proba blo that ho did, after Kvu had committed her ¡faux pas. lt is quito probable that ho whlstlod for lulen, nnd whistled itt vain. Thut iitilurtunnto a Hair of tho pippin was, beyond duubt, tho ear- liest iiiBtnnco ol' paying too much l'or one's whistlo. Somo men mu iticapablo of tho .¿-Eolian onjoymont. Und tampered mon saldotn whistlo ; misers never. Clergymen fool culled on to iibno guto tho powor. Lawyers indulgo in it (in tho highest of all scales), and so do their clients (In tho disinnlist). Orators uro not good whistlers, i know not how this is, but 1 never know a. docent orator who could whistlo respectably. I doubt if Demosthenes could, l'urhnps boforo tho experi- ment with tho pohblcs hu raised a noto or two ; hut not after. Keflootivo mon, thoso who go down to their souls itt soiitciiao*, as sailors to tho sea In ships, aro distressing whlstlora They hang on lo a noto as grim .Death Is populmly supposed to hang ou tu a nigger mid with ns littlo facility fur beautifying it. livery uniiDitl on tho fuco of tho earth respects tho whistle ol' a mau. They nppcnr to know thal ho who cnn do lt ls of kindly dispontion, and that they may approach him trustfully. You Euy, " l'on to, my good fellow, havo tho kindness to step tills way," and tho dog of your hearth and homo will bo destllulo nf emotion, unwilling even tu wink his oyes in acknowledgment of ynut milutation. Hut whistle to him : let him liam tho tonus which cjinnut bo varied by hypoed*} and deceit, and 1'onlo, your own Ponto, willw his tall mid bound towards you gleefully. 1 have purposely gotio out of may way" to sot thu worhl right on tho subject ut' whistling.-Liverpool Athion. WOMAN'S SMII.K.-Oh 1 what n Bight thcro ¡8 that word, sinllc, for it changes colour Uko cnmeleon. There's a vacant stullo, ii cold smile, a satirio smile, a smile of hate, nn nlfuuted smile, ti stullo of approbation, ti friendly stullo, but, above all, a smile of luve. A woman hus two , smiles that an angel might envy, tho mullo that noccpts thu lover nfuro words aro uttered, mid tho smile timi lights un tho first-born baby, ami assures him of a motbor's luvo.-Ham Slicks Wise Sates and Modern Instances. How TO IIEAII DOMESTIC OAKS.-If on ncorn ba suspended by a plcco of cord, half an inch ol lb being imtnersod lu Boll waler ooiilnlned in a glass, and pormitlcd to remain undisturbed for a, few months, It will burst, Bend a rout hilo tho water, and shoot upward a straight tapering Blom, with beautiful green lenvts. In this way . young tree may bo produced un tho uiuntoi nliolf of a room, and becomo an Interesting object. - - 