LATE NEWS. The Wooloomooloo having arrived in Sydney after a passage of 87 days from Portsmouth, brought English news to the 21st November. The corpse of the illustrious Duke of Wellington was interred, with the ut- most solemnity, in St. Paul's cathedral, on the 18th November. An act of Par- liament had been previously passed, de- claring that day to be dies non in matters of business, so that no inconvenience should arise through Bills falling due on that day. Thousands upon thousands of people assembled overnight at all points of the public thoroughfares from which a view of the procession could be obtained. The vastness of the multitude was un- paralleled, amounting to about a million and a half. Her Majesty the Queen viewed the procession fiom Buckingham Palace; and subsequently from the front windows of St. James's. The Royal carriage followed the funeral, and Prince Albert attended in person. The large military force on duty for the day was commanded by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Our extracts are from an able and lengthy report in the Times :- Day broke heavily, the wind being loaded with moisture, the sky threatening- looking, and the streets giving the most unequivocal tokens of a night of heavy rain. It was as cold and cheer- less a morning as could well be conceived, and one could not help inwardly pitying the thousands of anxious and excited spectators who were stand- ing it out, having never been to bed. As day - light came, a dusky mass of armed men, seen on the left side of the parade facing towards the Horse Guards, became distinguishable as the Rifles, their sombre uniforms harmonishing with the occasion. The first battalion is at present on service at the Cape, and on the 2nd battalion, therefore, devolved the honour of representing the corps at the Duke's funeral. Looking to the right, the eye rested next, through the grey morning, on the 1st battalion of Royal Marines and the 33rd Regiment, drawn up in column directly opposite the Horse Guards. To the right of these were the Fusilier, Coldstream, and Grena- dier Guards, the whole force forming an imposing array to British eyes, though small in comparison with Continental musters. At the east end of the Mall might be observed the head of the cavalry force, comprising eight squadrons from the most distinguished regiments in the service. There were the 17th Lancers, the 13th Light Dragoons, the 8th Hussars, the Scots Greys, the 6th Dragoon Guards, the Blues, and the 1st and 2nd Life Guards, and gallant and splendid they looked on a closer survey, as, drawn up with military precision, they waited the signal to start. It was of course impossible, except from a house- top,to take in at one view all the troops upon the ground and standing at the Horse Guards. The infantry formed the most striking feature of the spectacle - their standards coveted willi crape drooping heavily, and swayed about occasionally by the bearers, while the morning light glim- mered faintly upon the serried rows of bayonets. As the morning advanced, a brilliant muster of officers gathered near the gateway of the Horse Guards, some intent on having a good view of the funeral car, which was a great object of attraction, while others issued orders or made in- quiries with reference to the procession. Lord Hardinge appeared at half-past seven o'clock, and his presence greatly accelerated the prepara- tions. The coffin was removed from the chamber in which it had rested during the night,and by the aid of machinery was raised to its position on the lofty summit of the car. At eight o'clock the hangings of the tent which concealed it from the view were suddenly fulled up. The first minute gun was fired, the troops presented arms and saluted the body, upon which the roll of the muffled drums, followed by the music of the " Dead March" in Saul, announced that the procession had commenced. This was certainly one of the most impressive and striking features in the ceremonial, and the effect of it will long be re- membered by the multitudes who, from every window, platform, balcony, and house-top over- looking the park, had a view of the spec- tacle. The immense length of the procession may be judged by the fact that although the Rifles, who led the way, began to move forward at 8 o'clock, it was an hour and twenty-five minutes afterwards before the funeral car began to move; and all that time the procession was filing off. A further period of half an hour elapsed before the rear of the procession was in motion. The funeral car itself was a most gorgeous vehicle : The whole lower part is of bronze, supported on six wheels, and elaborated with an amount of skill and artistic feeling which deserve un- qualified praise About this metallic frame- work rises a rich pediment of gilding, in the panels of which the following list of victories is inscribed :- Ahmednuggur, Assaye, Argaum, Gavilghur, Roleia, Viuoera, Douro and Oporto, Talavera, Busaco, Torres Vedras, Fuentes d'Onor, Ciudad Rodrigo, Badajos, Salamanca, Vittoria, Pampeluna, Pyrenees, St. Sebastian, Nivelle, Nive, Oribes, Toulouse, Quatre Bras, Waterloo. On the sides of this pediment were arranged lofty trophies of arms, including spears, muskets, bayonets, swords, and flags, and surrounded by the Ducal coronets and batons. A similar trophy stood in front, rising behind the arms of the deceased, cast in bronze, and surmounted by his heraldic badges and honours, including the tabard, magnificently wrought and embroidered. Over the bier and its bearers, the gilded handles of which protruded from beneath, was arranged the sumptuous vel- vet pall, powdered with silver embroidery, bordered with laurels in silver, and showing the legend roundit. " Blessed me the dead that die in the Lord," and terminated by a magnifi- cent fringe of silver, two feet deep. The coffin, with the Duke's hat and sword resting on it, surmounted the bier, and from four great hal- berts rising at each corner was suspended a magnificent canopy, with pendant cords and tassels of the richest and most costly descrip- tion. To this gigantic vehicle, 27 feet long, 10 feet broad, 17 feet high,and weighing from 10 to 11 tons, 12 of the largest and finest black horses that could be procured were harnessed, three abreast. These were completely covered with velvet housings, having the arms of the deceased splendidly embroidered on them, and with heads surmounted by nodding plumes they looked quite elephantine. The manner in which the military and police preserved order is spoken very highly of; and the peaceful and respect- ful demeanour of the vast multitude of spectators was beyond all praise. No unseemly noise or disturbance occuned, and the general cry of " hats off " was passed along the crowded pavements as the car approached. On arriving at St. Paul's, some delay occurred in removing the coffin from the summit of the car. There were old generals and field officers, the illustrious companions in arms of the Duke, en- during as best they could the force of the search- ing November wind which blew keenly through the open doorway of the sacred edifice. The dis- tinguished foreigners withdrew before it several times, and the clergy, who, in double lines extend- ed along the nave, waited for the service to begin, vainly sheltered their faces in their robes. Gar- ter and his colleagues stood it out bravely, and, after many efforts, at length succeeded in marshalling the procession. It was a fine and imposing sight to see the muster of old veterans at the entrance during this detention- Sir William Napier sitting on a kettle drum-Sir Charles moving about with the activity of a much younger man-Lord Hardinge also vigorous and full of life; but most wonderful of all, the Marquis of Anglesey, with bald, uncovered head, apparently unconscious of the fact that age stands exposure to did less successfully than youth. The display of orders, stars, and ribands here was quite over- powering. We have not space for the official pro- gramme of the procession. Suffice it that its magnificence was worthy of the great occasion. Amongst the followers were military noble men representing Spain, Russia, Prussia, Portugal, the Netherlands, Hanover, and England ; each carrying the Marshal's Baton of his country, and attended by staff officers of high rank. Amongst the diplomatic representatives was Count Walewski, wearing the uniform of France. This circumstance appears to have given much satisfaction in England, and was subse- quently mentioned in gratifying terms by the Early of Derby, in the House of Lords. Amongst the followers were 83 Chelsea pensioners, and an interesting detachment composed of officers and sol- diers from every regiment in the English army, that could send representatives. The House of Lords, headed by the Chancellor and the Commons, led by the Speaker, attended in St. Paul's :- About 10 o'clock the Duc de Brabant, and the Comte de Flandres, son of the King of the Belgians, entered the cathedral. They were dress in the uniform of their respective regi- ments, the Guides and Lancers, and were attended by Colonel le Conte de Noerkerke, Comte de Briey, and Sir R. Cardwell. The young Princes, who attracted a good deal of attention, took up their places in the left amphitheatre. At length there was an universal hush, and, as if moved by one mind, the whole of the vast assem- bly stood up in respectful grief, as the coffin which contained the remains of the Great Duke appeared in sight, preceded by the choir with measured tread as they chanted the beginning of the burial service by Dr. Croft. When the coffin was borne in, the wind stirred the feathers of the Marshal's hat placed upon the lid, and produced an indescribably sorrowful effect, in giving an air of light and playful life to that where all was dead. And thus, with the hoarse roar of the multitude withou as they saw their last of Arthur, Duke of Wellington ; with the grand and touching service of our church sounding solemnly through the arched dome and aisles of the noble church ; with the glis- tening eye and hushed breath of many a gallant as well as of many a gentle soul in that vast multitude- with the bell tolling solemnly the knell of the departed, taken up by the voice of the distant cannon ; amid the quiet waving of bannerol and flag , surrounded by all the great- ness of the land - with all the pomp and glories of heraldic achievement, escutcheon and device, his body was borne up St Paul's. At 1.40 the coffin was slid off the moveable carriage in which it had been conveyed up the nave, to the frame in the centre of the area under the dome, which, is our readers have been informed, was placed almost directly over the tomb of Nelson, which lies in the crypt below. The marshal's hat and sword of the deceased were removed from the coffin, and in their place a ducal coronet, on a velvet cushion, was substituted. The foreign Marshals and Generals stood at the head of the coffin : at the south side of it stood his Royal Highness Prince Albert, with his baton of Field-Marshal in his hand, and attired in full uniform, standing a little in ad- vance of a numerous staff of officers. At each side of the coffin were British generals who had acted as pall-bearers. After the palm and anthem, the Dean read with great solemnity and impressiveness the lesson, I Cor. xv., 20, which was followed by the Nunc Dimittis, and a dirge, with the following words set to music by Mr. Goss :- " And the King said to all the people that were with him, 'Rend your clothes and gird you with sackcloth and mourn.' And the King himself followed the bier. "And they buried him. And the King lifted up his voice and wept at the grave, and all the people wept. "And the King said unto his servants, 'Know ye not there is a Prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel?" And now came the roll of muffled the wailing notes of horn and cornet coffin slowly sank into the crypt, strains of Handel's "Dead March." The crown disappeared with its gorgeous and in the centre of the group pf generals nobels was left a dark chasm, into which eye glanced sadly down, and all knew that a Prince and a great man had that day gone from Israel. The remaining portions of the funeral service were then performed the con- gregation were requested to join in the responses to the Lord's Prayer : and the thousand voices in deep words after the full were omtemsely affecting. " His body is buried in peace, But his name liveth evermore," from Handel's funeral anthem was then most effectively performed by the choir. And then Garter King at Arms, standing over the vault proclaimed the titles and orders of the deceased, "whom Heaven was pleased to take from us:" - Arthur Wellesley, he said, was the Most High, Mighty, and Most Noble Prince, Duke of Wel- ington, Marquis of Wellington, Marquis of Douro, Earl of Wellington, in Somerset, Viscount Wellington of Talavera, Baron Douro, of Wel- lesley, Prince of Waterloo, in the Netheralnds, Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo, in Spain, Duke pf Brunnoy, in France, Duke of Vittoria, Marquis Torres Vedras, Count Vi iera, in Portugal, a Grandee of the First Class in Spain, a Privy Councillor, Commander-in Chief of the British army, Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, Colonel of the Rifle Brigade, a Field-Marshal of Great Britain, a Marshal of Russia, a Marshal of Aus- tria, a Marshal of France, a Marshal of Prussia, a Marshal of Spain, a Marshal of Portugal, a Marshal of the Netherlands, a Knight of the Garter, a Knight of teh Holy Ghost, a Knight of the Golden Fleece,Knight Grand Cross of Bath, a Knight Grand Cross of Hanover, a Knight of the Black Eagle, a Knight of the Tower and Sword, a Knight of St. Fernando, a Knight of William of the low Countries, a Knight of Charles III, a Knight of the Sword of Sweden, a Knight of St Andrew of Russia, a Knight of the Annuncinco of Sardinia, a Knight of the Elephant of Denmark, a Knight of Maria Theresa, a Knight of St. George of Russia, a Knight of the Crown of Rue of Saxony, a Knight of Fidelity of Baden, a Knight of Maximilian Joseph of Bavaria, a Knight of St Alexander Newsky of Russia, a Knight of St Hermenegilda of Spain, a Knight of the Red Eagle of Bran- denburgh, a Knight of St Januarius, a Knight of the Golden Lion of Hesse Cassel, a knight of the Lion of Baden, a Knight of Merit of Wur- temberg, the Lord High Constable of England the Constable of the Tower, the Constable of Dover Castle, Warden of the Cinque Ports, Chan- cellor of the Cinque Ports, Admiral of the Cinque Ports, Lord-Lieutenant of Hampshire, Lord- Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, Ranger of St James's Park, Ranger of Hyde Puk, Chancellor of the University of Oxford, Commissioner of the Royal Military College, Vice-President of the Scottish Naval and Military Academy, the Master of the Trinity-House, a Governor of King's College, a Doctor of Laws, &c.; Then the late Duke's controller, having broken in pieces his staff of office in the household, handed it to Garter King at Arms, who cast the fragments into the vault. The choir and chorus sang the hymn, "Sleepers, awake !" and the Bishop of London, standing by the side of the Lord Chancellor, pronounced the blessing, which concluded the ceremony. And thus was buried, with all state and honour, the great Duke of Wellington, We cannot conclude this abridged re- port in a better manner than by quoting the sentiment given utterance to in the Times, and in which every true born Englishman must join :- The spectacle was such as none of us can even hope, or indeed wish, to see the like of again, for terrible indeed must be the condition of Europe ere a second Wellington shall be needed to ter- minate its strife. When the independence of England and of the world was assailed, Provi- dence sent us a champion ; and as the myriads of his countrymen yesterday watched with the deep- est interest the transit of his body to the tomb, many a heartfelt player must have been uttered that, should days of darkness again come, and this land of freedom be once more threatened, God may grant us another Wellesley to lead our armies and win our battles. d. s. d. 0 to 2 'li 7 " 1 II 5 " 1 Ü 9 .* 2 H G " I a G " 1 io 0 " 1 s* 9 " 1 0 I " I 9 Mr. Villiers was to bring forward a motion in the House of Commons, ap- proving, and advocating the extension, of Free trade. This was to be met by an amendment from Mr. DTsraeli, also ap- proving of Free trade, ns it had been lesled, but leaving room fora measure of compensation for the agricultural interest. It was sard"that the Government would resign 'if the amendment were lost .? The intelligence of the further rise, in wool is fully confirmed. 53,294 bales were submitted at the November sales, and the advance averaged lid per pound over the sales in August. Messrs. Soulhey and Son quoted the following prices current for Australian wool, on the lOih November. s, Super'or chiihing ....from 2 Fair and good dilto . 1 lnfeuior (lino . I Sroured . I llandwnshed . I Lambs. 1 Locks, Pieces, and Broken.. I In Grease. 0 Skin . Oil Her Majesty's Secretary of State has assented to the South Australian Bullion Act, and intimated his desire to interfere as little as possible with local Acts of that nature. He also states that he was awaiting a leport from Sydney before coming to any decision respecting the es- tablishment of a mint. Sir John Pak- ington has likewise acknowledged receipt of the "Grievance Petition " of the Syd- ney Council, and promised to devote his earnest attention to the subject. The honour of Knighthood has been confeired upon Chief Justice William A'Becket, of Victoria. The General Screw Steam Navigation Company were about to lay on a line of steamers to Melbourne and Sydney ¡mine, diately. The vote of the French people on the subject of the Empire was to be taken on the 22nd November, and it was still believed that tin; proclamation would take place on the 2nd December. The approaching marriage of the budding Emperor with the Princess Vasa of Swe- den, was spoken of with confidence. I,otiis Napoleon had just given a icmaika hie proof of re lian ce upon his own popu- lar.t\,o, coercive resources, by publishing in lhe ."' ' ', nilli scarcely any com ¡ . !?. acre manifestoes against . »i.m _ - ; ¡i-i polilical exiles ? i » t. .i Ji.u'Y and elsewhere, .Mi . . . Vicior Ungo is conspicu ur . Tue Lumiiii ..oiu'spundiMil of the %''/ //.-'.. i'fji ?»'//_(-/ Ht ¡r!'!, writing on the 8th N'.ivnihrr. lins the following paragraph nilli referen-e to transportation to Aus- tralia: Hie Ti/nt-ff and lhe Daily Neus will, it is to 'n' hoped, persevere in their aid to the colonists ? m this c\i ¡ling topic. 'The Globe, ever iden uiiid nu this question with Lord Grey, suppn-ls 'he Monion Hay squatters in their sepiration ? iiT-convicl o oveinent. But the Glole, though .ilil\ coniliu'tiiLcan pretend lo little public inliu eui-c. \\\ hal it says on transportation is chiefly valuable as showing the Lord Grey line of defence -anil I may say olleiice too. Rumours hive reached me that jour active friends in this cunn- ii y aie already op and doing on thequeslion ; and, if I mistake not, Government see the necessity of taking mi rally day for announcing to the colonies, through Pal Manient, the course they intend to lake respecting it. What will that course be P It is thought one of palliatives. The observai ion willi respect lo More- ton Bay shows the injuiy which former ! desiios for convicts have inflicted upon ' the cause of separation. The two causes ? continue to be identilied by people in Eng- land. . ¡ There had been heavy and destructive floods in the eastern and midland counties of England. Lord Roden, who formed one of a deputation desirous of procuring the par- don of the unfortunate Madiai's, husband and wife, who had been condemned lo the life of felons for five years, for mere- ly possessing protestant bib'es in the Roman Catholic Slate of Tuscany, has received the following reply to his appli- cation for an inteiview wilh the Giand Duke of Tuscany This is religion.? liberality, with a vengeance ! " Florence, October 23, 1352. " My Lord,-I hive submitted to my august .Sovereign the letter addressed to me under (Ian- the. 24tli instant, signed by the gentlemen at the head of whom appears your name. " His Imperial and Royal Highness, while ap- preciating the course you have adopted in this matter, would Certainly have repelled any polilical pressure Cpressionrj whatever, and the honourable diplomatic agents nsident at ibis Court would have been careful to avoid it. " The Madiais (man and wife), 'Tuscan suh ! ¡eels, to whom you refer, have been condemned lo I'| live years' imprisonment hy lhe oidinary Iri " I hunals foi the crime of propagating Protestant ' . ism (de propagande protestante), which is | piosciilnd by our laws ns an allack upon the ' religion of the Stale. The punishment is the application of these laws, and their appeal ¡for an versal of their sentence has been-rejected Iby the Court of Cassation. ' ( " His Imperial and Royal Ilighniss, in re- serving to himself the exercise of his high pre- rogative in such cases and mil such limes as he may judge right, cannot permit any Interposi- tion in a case which concerns the administralioii of justice in his States, and his acts towards his own subjects, august Sovereign, '. My lecognising the be- nevolent sentiments by wlpch you have been actuited, but not considering it necessary lo listi ii to any kind of uilci veiuioo on this subject, coiiiiuands me to inforin you, my Lord, thal he i eg lets being nimble lo grant the audience solicited by you and lhe oilier gentlemen who have signed die letter which |ias been addressed to me. .'Accept, my Lord, and convey to those g ni lleiiien, die assurance ol' mv high consideration. » le DUC DKCASIGI.IANO." " To lhe Right Hon. the Earl of Roden, Flu lence." A man named James Brandon has been commiued for trial by the Coroner in Sydney, for the wilful murder of Mary Ann Dunn. Tile unfortunate deceased was stabbed in several places with a knife, whi'e endeavouring to arrest a robber on the premises of lier misttcss, Mrs. Miles, of Wooloomooloo. The prisoner Bran- don was positively identified in her dying declaration. Some beautiful specimens of Native silver have been brought to Sydney from the Ovens diggings. The 13-1 lbs mass of gold found at Ballarat has been shipped to England in lhe Sarah Sands, together with lhe fortúnale' findeis. The ti nth of the report concerning the finding of other lumps at the same place turns out to be that two pieces weighing more than 176 lbs. in the aggi égale have been taken there. "Thee magnificent specimens of (our mineral wealth weighed as follows : - lb. oz. divt. Larger mais. 93 2 5 Sinai let do . 83 9 5 Total.17(3 li IO They were found in Canadian Gully also, within 30 yaids of lhe spot where the first large lump came from, at a depth of about 50 feet; and as oilier smaller nuggets were found in the same holes, the Ballarat diggings ha\e com- pletely thrown into the shade all the other gold fields." So says the Geelong Ad- vertiser, A fire broke out at the Brisbane dis- tillery, Sydney, on the I Ti Ii February, and was no1 subdued before property to the value of from X1500 lo £2000 had been destroyed. The Legislative Council of Victoria was prorogued on the 8th February. The Lieutuuatit-Governor in his speech referred to the " Convicts Prevention Act," which he said that he had only sanctioned because of the pressing necessity of the case. New Zealand papers report that shocks of earthquake were felt at Nelson and New Plymouth in lhe beginning of Janu- ary last. In the English obituary we observe the names of Mr. John Kemble Chapman, late Editor of the Sunday Times, and Mr. Vincent George Dowling, many years Editor of Bell's Life in London. An aboriginal native named "Paddy" has been committed for trial by the Mudgee Bench, for a capital offence com- mitted upon a poor German woman named Schmidt, in the employment of Mr. W. Bowman. George Hanslip, whose apprehension on .suspicion of .stealing 1400 ounces of gold, the pioperty of his employer Mr. Spence, we before reported, has been dis- charged. Having been remanded hy the magistiates for a period longer than that allowed by Jaw, he had himself brought up by li til» us Co-pus, before a Judge, who discharged him. 