. ADDRESS . ' TO-THE | ! , | LORD BISHOP OF TASMANIA. HIS LORDSHIP'S REPLY. PunsuASTto-jílíKt-itioniindorcircumstancosbereinaftei* detailed, a «"timber of this personal friends of tlie Lord Bishop of Tasmania, members of the Church of Eng- land residing in this city, mot the Bishop at 4 o'clock on Wednesday, the 20th ult., nt the Hutchins School. Amongst those prosent wc noticed tho lion, tho Speaker of tlio Legislative Council, the Attorney General, Colon«1! Ainsworth, Archdeacon Davies, the Rev. J. li. Buckland, T. li. Cox, 1). Galer, Wilson, D. Boyd, and W. Brickwood; II. Roweroft, C1 A. Anstey, W." R. Newenham, J. Foster, M. Evans, !**. T. 1 lardingo, J. Mai-shall, Murray-Burgess, C. Butler, ¥. li. Henslowo, .Joseph IIoi-o, li. XV. Nutt, H. J. Manley, II. ¿est, T. Koot, ti. Matson, Ii. Power, Esquires; Captain Goldsmith, W. Cooto, McKeig, Nowell, Maclean, Buckland, sour., G. Courtenay, Rogers, Gresley, Douahoo, Matson, R. Newman, Es-puros, awi several other!*. There were also soveral ladies present. His Lordship, in his kind mannor, observed. The immediate object, my dear fiiond-i, of requesting your attciidiinco hero this day is to cnablo me to give a moro enlarged answer to an Address presented to mc, signed by soveral of my personal friends, as well as bv others for whom I have a strone- esteem and regard. The principal portions of that Address must be known to all, but an there may be sumo hero who aro not cognizant of the terms in willoh it is couched, it may be as well that I shall read, first tho Address itself, and then the brief Reply 1 gave in tim first instance. The Address ran as follows :- . Hobart Town, 15th Sept., ISM. My Lour».-"Wo, (ho undersigned, members of the Church of England redding in this diocese, have seen with great regret tbo courso of procedure which has for soiiio tinto p'ist been pursued,-and which we cannot but regret as r-ilcul-'teil soi iously to disturb the penco of that Church in this colony. Wo have observed with much conci-m, and even with indignation, that Your Lordship has buen na justly charged with Roinaui/.ing teaching and with advocatinglloiiiaiii/iiig practices. Wo aro unaware of the existence of any such practices ; but, for many I years, wo have been fu'iiiliar with your teaching, .which remains unaltered, and fully exonerates your Lordship from any such imputation. With assurance of our continued respect for your sacred office, and of personal esteem for ¿ourt-ulf, Wo remain, &c.; This Address, his Lordship remarked, was signed by his valued friend Mr. Dry, Air. Fleming, Mr. Gregson, and many others. The following was tho reply: Bishopsrow», October 1st, 1853. My Dear "sFr. Djiy,- It is duo to yourself and to those kind fricuds who have stepped forward, at this critical timo, with an assurance of their unshaken confidence in mo, that I should at least attempt to show tli-it it is no blind trust which you. have placed iu mc, whose teaching, both iii public and in private, has. been before you for moro than ten years. But you aro aware that this is a task which can- not bo accomplished in an hour. A few words of -.lander-or misrepresentation are easily spoken, as easily repeated, and need but little time to take deep, if not abiding root, in the minds of those who aro moro ready to think ill of their neighbour, than to give him créait for uprightness of purpose and purity of intention. The réfutation of such evil speech requires caro, thought, and time. At no distant period 1 hope to bo ablo to offer snob observations as may servo to convince you that, if you entertain concern and indignation for tho pro- ceedings that havo boon adopted by somo amongst us-thero may bo room, too, l'or pity and sorrow, that they have been thus misled. In the mean time, I pray 3*011 and your friends to accept my grateful thanks for this kind and welcome assurance of your continued respect for my office, and of your personal esteem for myself. Belieyo me to remain, I My dear Mr. Dry, [ Very sincerely yours, (Signed) Í«'. 'it* Tasmania. Richard Dry, Esq. It is, thon, for the purpose of giving a moro lengthen- ed explanation that 1 have requested you to meet mo hero to-day ; and if my physical powers aro not quite as thoy have been, 1 hope you will pardon my short comings, and give me credit for the honesty of the endeavour. I would, upon this occasion, havo preferred to have laid before you a writton statement, but, indeed, had time been" afibrded, 1 am not now equal to the task. I was deeply surprised and con- cerned to hear that strange opinions had been enter- tained, as though I had advocated the Ronianihli doc- trino of the Confessional ; that I not only earnestly desired, but strongly- recommended, its prac- tice. 1 eau mako very great allowance for the alarm wliich such a suspicion would engender at the prc-q-nt day, more especially whon we t>oo tho many seces- sions which havo taken place from our own Church to that of Rome. I thankfully testify that, as far as my own knowledge is concerned, the heart of the laity of this colony is sound ; and, as far as the clergy aro concerned, 1 am of the samo opinion now as two years ago. I then expressed my deliberate belief that the charge brought against thom of Romanizing practices, or Romanizing teaching, was utterly without foundation. If such practices havo been adopted by any of the clergy, thoy havo been carried on in such perfect secrecy, as never to come either miller my notice or that of the public. His Lordship then adverted to the charges that had been brought forward against a portion of the clergy as well as himself in this respect. Ho reminded thom that an attempt had been made to fasten a charge of enjoin- ing and practising auricular confession on tho part of tho College authorities, nn attempt which signally failed, as will be seen by à reference to the Warden's letter 011 the subject appended to his last Charge, de- livered in 1*851. Ho then- proceeded to notice the statement which had buen industriously circulated, that ho had not only approved of tho two works called "Stops to- the Altar"and "Thcophüus Anglicanus," but had preseribud tlieir uso. Tho little manual for the Holy Communion, called " fttepa to tho Altar," was first brought under his notice in the year 1851, as being full of unsound and dangerous doctrine-as a manual of devotion, in short, moro befitting a member of tho Chinch of Rome than of that of Eiighuid. On looking at the works he could not agree with their sweeping condemnation ; thero were certainly torms used therein which were open to objection, in that they were liable to miscon- struction, espeoially on tho part of thoso who .vere* desirous to find fault; and to east suspicion on the teaching of tho individual clergymen who had distributed thom. Ho frankly avowed his opinion, that it would havo been wise if the compiler had used his discretion somewhat moro largely, and softened down somo expressions, altered or expunged others, which, however well understood at tho time of their original publication, aro ill t-uitcd to days when doubts and alarms and suspicion havo not, without reason, been created upon somo important religious matters. But this was not the question that was brought under his notice. Tho work was denounced to him as positively unscrlptural, positively Romist, and the clergy who had given it away wero distinctly charged in consequence with disseminating teaching which had been expressly repudiated by tho Church of England. When, however, ho inspected it for the pur-mse of seeing how far this charge was borne out by facts, ho found that it was based upon quotations from authors whose works had bean before the Church of England, in some cases, for well nigh two hundred years ; and ho did venture to think that if Popery had really been in tbem, it would infallibly havo been detected long ere this; and that such a discovery would not have been reserved for the theologians of tbis remote corner of the earth. Upon enquiry at homo, he found that a copy of the work had'been sent out from England with several other books so far back as December 1848, and bad been used by his wife as a manual of devotion, and subso* quently'hv his eldest daughter. For himself ho very rarely-almost nevor-made use of such manuals or compositions. He was one of thoso old-fashioned churchmen who thought that our incomparablo Liturgy provided a prayer for evory want and wish, and did not desire to go beyond it. But, whilst ho thus thought and acted for himself, ho ilesircdto put no restriction upou others, not to prescribe to them what devotional works they were or were not to use. When the charge was advanced against ".Step3to the Altar," that it was full of indecency as well as of «Romish doctrino, ho met it with the honest, straight- forward avowal, that it was used in his own family, mid that ho saw no reason why it should be discarded at the beek and bidding of those who depreciated it. lie believed that tho females in hin family had been brought np and nurtured as well, as tenderly, as carefully and as purely, as any fournies in the colony, or elsewhere Nevertheless, "little as he himself participated in the objections that had been brought against " Stops to the Altar," and acquitting it, as he did, of any direct hostility to the Church of England,-he felt, that if suspicions existed, to any great extent, so as to oxeite serious misgivings hi tho minds of tho thought- ful and pious, its further distribution, as a hook of devotion, was undesirable. Some deference, ho thought, was 'duo to public opinions on such a subject; especially when unobjectionable works on the subject of preparation for the lloly'Coininuuion wcro easily accessible. It was with tho intention of calming any fears that had been excited, that in July, lS51,"he jssued tho following circular to the whole body of the Clergy. [Circular.] .JHshopstow, July 30/7), 1851. Rbveiiend Brotiikb,- 1 have witnessed with much concern tlio apprehensions that oxift amongst some members of tlio Church of England as to this supposed Romanizing tendency of certain manuals of devotion, which have buen circulated in this diocese. You are aware that i do not myself participate in these apprehensions- nevertheless, for the snko of Christian pence, 1 deem it ad% ¡sabio to reeommoti«! that in giving books, especially manuals of instruction or devotion to the young within your cure, you should previously consult the wishes of their parents or guardians. As a general rule, I should very cirncstly counsel yon to select such tracts as you m:iv require for parochial distribution from this extensivo catalogue of the Society for the Promoting Christian Knowledge. Praying the Divine blessing on all your labours, I remain, Uov. Brother, Your affectionate friend. The few Clergymen who had distributed "Steps to the Alrnr'' (iwo, ho believed, in number) could bear hint out iti saying, that he had spoken to them pri- vately on the subject-and thus, whilr,t carefully abstaining front Pimdemmng the work itself, or themselves for its distribution, lie had shongly urged noon thom the necessity of wildiaw'mg it, and sub- stituting in its room some of the manuals alluded to in the circular. He believed Hint the charge which liad excited tho .most serious alarm with reference to this little tract, was, that it inculcated " auricular confession," as praclimlug ¡lie Church ofJiomc, mid authorised tho Priest to put questions of an objectionable character to young people who carno to bim for habitual confession. Now, had this work i inculcated snell or authorised nny such practices, it would have been his duty, as a Bishop of the Church of England, at once to condemn it, as'inconsistent with tl.o true teaching of that Church. -But, in his mind, it did nothing of the kind. It seemed to him just merely to recognise and pro- vide for that limited confession, in an extreme ease, which is contemplated in the invitation to the holy communioucont-iiiiod in the prayer-bo >k ; au I, second- ly, to suggest or lay down rules for secret self-oxurni. nation, as a becoming preparation for that holy sacra- ment More than this he believed that the compiler of the book never contemplated ; he believed that the hook, if fairly judged, Mid not set forth to that extent the two 'subjects of confession and cxiiuiua tion. And this ho said, no!, »s standing there ns the defender of Stops to the Altar, but as one honestly bound to state his conviction on a subject which had caused much excitement and alarm. Ifc reminded his hearers that its usefulness! had been proved in England by the sale of six largo editions: there, no public remonstrance lind been mado against it-no Bishop bad condemned it or prohibited ¡t-no popery been discovered in it. , Ile understood that the two .portions which had drawn forth the largest amount of condemnation were extracts from Denn Comber's well known work, The Companion to the Temple, pub- lished in 168G, and Bishop Duppa's Guide for the Penitent, published in löliO. 'The former of I hew» works, he need hardly say, lias been always regarded, by those competent to form an estimate of its merits, as a standard work in English Theology. It is on tlio list of books recommended for the theological students by Professor Huston. The Guide to the Penitent was, for u long time, supposod to have been written by Bp. Joremy Taylor, and was commonly boimd'up. with that author's celebrated work Tin* Golden Grove. How strange that those old-fashioned and time honoured writings of former days should have passed not only uneensarcd, bat have been rcpnhlished, widely circulated, anti extensively lead throughout England for well nigh 200 years, and yet to have buen of such a dangerous tendency ! Strange, that works read and recommended by the best and wisest at home should meet with such condemnation at the hands of the, theologians of this colony. Strange, thal, if they arc of such a Romanising character, so manifestly opposed to the true teaching of the Church of England, ive should have heard of no eon versions to Rome through their ¡nsti.imentnlity. Surely, if those allegations bo well- founded, wo must have "ln-aitl something of the kind throughout so long u lapse of years. But to como to the question of the doctrino of the Church of England with regard to " Contorsion." Does she altogether ignoro it? Doos she cast it out as a Popish abomination, forbidding her children even under any circumstances to use or handle it? Not so: but she places most wise and careful restrictions both on lier clergy and laity lospocting its adoption. .She looks upon it as tho exception, not the rule - a thing per- mitted, not enforced. The great practical difference between the two Churches of Rome and England on this head may perhaps bo thus summed up. The Church of Rome enjoins Confession in ull cases. The Church of England permits and even recommends it in some. The Church of Rome regards Confession, so to speak, as the natural food of the sonl. The Church of England as its medicine. Let ns see, then, what are the cases in which the Chuich of England regards Confession as allowable or advisable. Two cases aro well known, or ought t'o be, to nil bor children. The first contemplated in the office for the " Holy Communion," tho second in the oflieo for the " Visitation of the ;-ick." A third is found in the office for the " Visitation of Prisoners," contained in the Irish prayer-book, and published in the appendix to Bishop Muni's edition of our Book of Common Prayer.' Very strong and very earnest aro the Church's words, respecting self-examination, as a necessary part of preparation for tho right reception of tlio Holy Communion. She warns her children to search and examine tlieir own consciences, " and that not lightly, and after the manner of dissembling to its God." .She lays down the mode whereby this examination is to im conducted-" Tho way anti means thereto is this, to examine your lives and conversations by the rulo of Gods Commandments." But she contemplates a case in which this close and searching self-examination might, after all, fail in quieting or assuring an over-burdened conscience or an over-anxious spirit. " If," she says, " there bo any of you who by this means cannot quiet his own conscience herein, but rcquireth furthor comfort or counsel, lot him go to some discreet and learned minister of God's Word and open his grief. And should it be said, under these circumstances, that any one should not avail himself of that comfort ond con- solation ? If, in the extent of our heavy sorrow, we should desiro to repair to some discreet minister, one who may be regarded as a bosom friend, a dear com- panion, or our own trusty counseller, what was the gratification of that desire but a compliance with tho teaching of the liturgy, and could it bo therefore regarded in this limited extent 'in the light of the Romish practice ? And this was tho manner of Confession, the exact circumstances under which Dean Comber and the other authorities quoted in the book spoke of a confessor-they simply meant to direct the ovorburthened sinner to repair to some sound, discreet, and learned minister. Excep- tion had also been taken to tho manner in which tho Confession is recommended by these good old writers to be made, viz., in an humble posture, on tne knees. And aro wo indeed bo filled with prido and self importance, asked his Lordship-so lost to all sense of that godl v penitence which in other days the Church's children loved to show by act» as well as words, aro wo so changed, that if an ovcrburthenetl sinner, all conscious of his guilt, all trembling with remorso, should seek to unlock his grief, and lay bare his hidden sin before the valued friend and trusted pastor, and seek to do it in the humblest attitude that can be selected-on the knees-his humility is to bo reproved and stigmatised as Popish ? We aro yet to learn that humility of attitude under such circum- stances is to bo confined to the Church .of Rome, and to bo denounced ns a transgression by the clergy of tim Church of England. Ho at least could not so regard it, though it might bo looked upon in that light by thoso of an overstrained or morbid imagination. Apply theso circumstances to ourselves, to om* every- day life : if one of onr-own children, after the com- mission of somo not of flagrant disobedience to our injunction, or, still moro, to thoso of God, woro to come in all tho agony of- grief, with streaming eyes and uplifted hands, and thon on tho hended knees to conley) its fault, should wc say, " Ri-c np, my child, such an attitude is Popish 1" 'This, to his mind, wrs tho real extent of the advice concerning Confession given in this manna!, Ill's Lordship next turned to confute tho opinion that tho vory limited Confession recommended by the Prayer Book, and Iho ' Steps,' is hostile to the spirit of tho Reformation, although it is not tim rule, hut tho exception, in tho Church of Eng- land. An old writer hid tho following1 observations upon this subject: '. three kinds of Confession nf". expressed unto'us in tho Scriptures. Tho first, made secretly mito God aliovo-tho second, openly, beforo the whola congregation-the third, privately, unto our brother. Of the two former kinds there is no ques- tion. Touching (ho ¡hird, if it bo diVwetly used, to the greater comfort and .satisfaction' of the" penitent, without .superstition or n'ther ill, it is not in anywise by tis reproved. The abuses and errors set apart, wc do no moro mistake a private Confession tb-ui a pri- vate sermon. Thus much only we say, that private Confession, to bo nindo unto the minister, is neither commanded byÇCbrist nor necessary to salvation." Ho could soo no reason why ho should ditter from tho old Fathers of the Reformation, or from Bishop Jewell, wIiom: observations ho had just read. Tho Bishop now turned attention to the fact that." in the first Prayer-book of Kin«* Edward Vi, y Auricular and secret Confession to tlio priest" was distinctly spoken of and provision ma lo for its right performance. In the second hook, these words were omitted ;a«id why ? To ctib'.bh the position that private Confession should not bo tho rule, but tho exception, in the Reformed Church of England-that it should not he regarded, as hu had before observed, In tiio light of fond for the children of the Church, but as a medicina for tlie troubled, sick, and diseased soul. To show Hi-it Confession under the«o limits aud restrictions war. recognised by the Church of England, he directed thom to the'll'îth canon, in which tho following words cesar:-" Provided always, that if any man confess his seer*:! and bidden sins to the minister, for tbo uuhurdening of his conscienco mid lo receive spiritual consolation and case of mind from him, wo do not any way bind tim wild minister by this our constitution, Init do stroightly charge and admonish liitn that ho do not at any timo reveal and mako known to any parson whatsoever any crime or offence so committed to his trust and sccrcsy [except they bo such crimes as by the laws of this realm his own life may bo called into question for concealing tho saincj under pain of irregularity." This, then, ho appre- hended, was tho real doctrino of the Church of Eng- land. Private Confession, as tho rulo of life, is not sanctioned by tho practico of tho Church, nor by the teaching of the primitivo fathers, fiod forbid, however, that any member ol' the Church, when Jed to seek spiritual counsel in tho way permitted by the formularies and tlio cannu, should be told that he is resorting to tho ini»iisi"l practice of tho Church ol'Rome. There aro-two other cases in which Conies-Jon is permitted hy the Church of Eng- land. -Turning to tho Visitation of tho »Sick, it would be lound in the Rubric, that a direction is contained for moving any sick person to mako a spécial con- fession of his sins if he feel his conscienco troubled with any weighty matter. The third was in tho Visitation to Prisoners, in the Irish Prayer- book, to which ho would presently allu.lo." Tho words in tho I'rayor-l'ook with respect lo absolution, after Ibu penitent had opened his grief, wero as follows : "That by the ministry of God's Holy Word ho may receive tha benefit of absolution, togelher with ghostly counsel and advice." lie wished thom particularly to bear in mind that the two things wero separate-that l!io penitent was to resort to the minister, not only for ghostly counsel and advice, hut for absolution. Tho qiicslioii.s liad been mixed up both hero and at- homo, bul as it was a matter of opinion, and ho did not want to quarrel with any man's opinions he could simply state (lint he clung to the exposition of those writers who hitherto havo beon regarded as tho best authorities on the subject. Kay, Calvin, who was no frnotariau, no papist, did not ignore absolution ; on tho other hand, hu tulmittt.il that tho absence of a form of absolution was a defect in his liturgy. " 1 havo no intent to deny," ho said, " tho uíofiiíitess of private absolution ; but ns 1 commend it in several places of my writings, pro- vided Iho uso bo left to men's liberty and freo from superstition,-so, to bind men ¡j consciences by a law to* it, is neither Jawful nor expedient." The authority under which the priest of tho Church of England administers absolution is founded in tim commission given in tlie Ordination servico : '* whoso sins thou hast forgiven, they aro forgiven, nud whose sins thou dost retain, they are n-tamod." 'I ho commission was not confined to any public form of absolution, hut extending clearly to tiic pri- vate absolution referred to in tho invitai ion to the. Holy Comnmn'on and tbo Visitation of tho fílele. "Tito power of remitting," said Dr. [look, " which here Ood authorises mid promi-cs certain assistance to, is neither prcnehii.g nor baptising, hut somo other way of remitting, namely, that which tho Church ealls absolution." Now, not to dwell too long upon tho differences of opinion respecting public Absolution and private absolution, as it might seam to .be a tlonbtml point whieh form is to bo used, ho would now state that in the form for visitation of prisoners contained in tho Irish Prayer-book, drawn up and admitted by tho Archbishops and Bishops and tho rest of tho clergy of Ireland, andngieed upon by Her Majesty's licence in thoir Synod, holden at Dublin in tho year 1711, thero is a rubric in the following words :-'. Then shall the minister examino whether he repent him truly of his sins, exhorting bim to a particular confession of the sin for which ho is con- demned." and "upon confession ho shall instruct him what satisfaction ought to bo mado to thoso whom ho has offended thereby." After his confession tho priest shall absolve him (if ho humbly and heartily desiro it), either in tho form which is appointed in tho offices of Visitation to tho Sick, or in tliat used in the Communion Service. Jt is clear from this that " ghostly counsel and advice;" and " the benefit of absolution," aro regarded as essentially separate and- distinct, it remains to sec in what seiiKo tim Church authorises her ministers to pronounce absolution ? Does she empower him in his own name, and of his own authority, to pronounce forgiveness of sins ? Not so; the absolution is to be given in tho name and under the authority of Christ alono. He would take tho liberty of reading- an oxtract, published by himself more than ten years ago, from a volume, littlo disposed as ho was to quote his own opinions upon such question. But, nt least, what ho then wrote may serve to show that his opinions do not shift" and veer .about in a totally opposite direction-that he is not comuclk-d, in short, oven in 1853, to recant and abjuro opinions which lie had penned, and even in great part printed, before lie bad the remotest idea that he should have been called upon to undertake his present most responsible, most anxious, and most onerous oflico. " In what seiisr» does our own Church ragnrd this doctrine, fcjhe reverts to the practico of the Apostles. She appeals to the known usago of tho primitivo Church, beforo worldly feelings bad presumed to tamper with God's holiest mysteries, or to usurp His inalienable privileges. All her forms of absolution aro founded upon tho presumption of their being ad- dressed to sincere penitents, and, therefore, thoy aro strictly cither conditional and declaratory, or optativo and precatory. They put forth Christ's promise, not tho Church's singlo judgment; they speak iu Christ's name, not in tbo priest's independent authority. " As Nathan said to David (when, conscience stricken, ho bowed before tho prophet's stern rcbuko), " The Lord bath put away thy sin,"-so, in tho same spirit docs the Church of iüngland say unto her chil- dren, that even as God " dcrircth not tho death of a .sinner, but rather that ho should turn from bia wick- edness and live ; and bath given power and command . ment to His Ministers lo declare and pronounce to His people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins ;" so, " Ho panlonetb and absolvuth all them that truly repent, and unfoignedly believe His Holy Gospel." But sho, resting upon her divijje commission, chims to stand in the prophet's placo ; »ho, as the dologated instrument of God, " declares «nd pronounces" to nis erring, yot repentant children, pardon and remission of their sins. And she has scriptural authority in saying thus much, and in speaking tim« decidedly to the true poni'tun«* :-for is it not so written, and must she not declare that, " if wo confess our .ins, Ho is faithful and just to forgive ? us our sins.".,, , '?' , . , "Let one of her most gifted sons explain her meaning in this respect. " 11 is true," says the judi- cious Hooker, "that our Saviour, by these words, 'whose sins yo remit, they aro remitted,'did ordain hulees tiver ' our Hiifnl souls, givo thom authority to nbsol.-o from sin, and promise to ralily in heaven whatsoever they should do on earth in execution of this their office ; to the end that hereby, ns well His ministers might take encouragement to do their duty with all faithfulness, as also His people admonition, rladlv with all reference to bo ordered by thom ; both paris knowing that tho functions ot the one towards tho other have Hin perpetual assistance and approbation. Howbvlt, all this with two restraints, which cverv jurisdiction ¡n the world bath; the ono that tho practice thereof proceed in due order; the -other that it do not extend itself beyond duo bounds : which bounds or limits have so confined penitential jurisdiction, that although thoro be given unto it power of remitting sin, yet no such sovereignty of power that no sin should ha pardonable ia man without it." He wrote then farther in a note. " This absolution is not given until the sick person has professed his steadfast belief in the cardinal points ot'tho Christian faith, as embodied in tho Apostle's Creed; not until the minister has examined him as tohis repentance and charity; not until tho penitent baa freely forgiven, from the bottom ol' his heart, all who have offended him, anti bought forgiveness whore ho has been the offender : not until ho has confessed his sins and earnestly implored , pardon for them. Where, then, is the presumption on the part of the Church of England in declaring, according to the promises of the Gospel, that the sins of such an one aro pardoned tlnougli Christ? Such, and such only, was tho'absolution which he could recognise as permitted- by the Church of England. They would pardon him for detaining them yet longer upon this subject. One great charge which had been brought against the clergy who had distributed " Steps to the Altar" was formed upon that part of it in which a recommendation ? is given for self-examination upon the seventh commandment. The author himscll, in his note on self-examination, recommends those who use the manual to try and examine their own habits, tempers, anti inclinations " by the nile of God's commandments." and to confess themselves to Almighty God, with full purpose of amendment for life, us in the first exhortation in the Communion-office, but goes on to say, " For those who aro weighed down by the burden of their sins, or find difficulty in guiding themselves, and so " require further "comfort or counsel," a remedy has been pro- vided, which, though bitter at the time, like all good medicines, conveys a very great and lasting benefit. Such persons, he continues, are directed to go to tlio priest ol' their palish, or " to.some other discreet and learned minister of God's word," and to make confes- sion of their sins to hint, that, they may receive special absolution, and such spiritual advice ns they may need." By some strange ' persuasion, it has been mado lo appear, that questions which aro merely suggested for each person to ask his own heart are put by tho Priest on confession to tho ponitont. And that thus, in the confessional, thoughts would bo suggested by iho examination of the Priest which had far be'»or been left away from the young and confirmed sinners. Had this, indeed, been tho express direction of the book, or ev.on in his sentiments, the legitimate inference to be derived fronrits recom- mendations on tho subject,- he .would have been amongst the loudest in its condemnation, as tending to establish a practico full of dangers of no ordinary kind. But he must confess his inability to understand how any candid and dispassionate'reader of the hook itself could come to such a conclusion. ' It should be borne in mind that the counsel of the Prayer-bonk , is, that the intending communicant should examine his conscience-" by the rule of God's command- ments." If this then be our guide, by what right do wo, as parents, as instructors, or as spiritual directors, arrogate amongst ourselves the power of dispensing with all self-examination, upon one of tho most important of thoso commandments? We are ready enough to condemn the Church of liomc and to charge lier with mutilating the word of (.foil, because m her summariesof faith she commonly omits all notice of the second commandment. Shall we practically arrogate to ourselves a right which we condemn in others? Shall we-when wc exhort our chihlieii to examino their consciences, as no dissem- blers with God, as to how they have observed ¡li» Commandments,-teach them to avoid all notice of the seventh. Aro the sins forbidden by that portion of God's unerring law so foreign to our fallen nature -so blotted out of the thoughts and heart, as to require no examination respecting them ? Nay, it would seem so, if the charge be true, that the warning voice, which directs you to examine yourselves on this command- ment gives you at the same time lessons of indecency, or convoys suggestions of impiety. Wo may strive to evade nil self-questioning on those subjects as we ma j", and tench others to do the like, but we must do so in Jnrgctfnhioss of tim awful denunciation pro- i no-meed by i?ci iptnre against the pins of unclcanness. V/o must do so with but ii slender recollection of the ' solemn words of the Apostle Paul, "They which do such Ihiugjshall not inherit the kingdom offiod." But tim truth is, that in ¡steps to the Altar there is not " stf much mn sylhihlo, there is not so much as a sign or a hint, to imply tint those questions are intended for any ulterior pnrpo«o than for the closest, strictest, most secret self-examination." It might be said that puroona who chose to do so might put this constiuction upon them ; but because they might so choose, was that any reason tho bon1! should bo con domued ? If so, it was the most extraordinary criti- cism'he had ever been aware of in the whole course of hiscriticil point < mumb distinguished for piety, holiness, and usefulness, containing substantially the samo recommendations ns those in Steps io the Altar, and which were almost a literal transcript from Bishop Ken's well-known Manual of lnsti action. Jliekerstoth, who himself proposed self-examination upon the seventh com- mandment, said,-" lu case you do find thiä exami- nation ton diilioult for you, or 'are afraid you shall not rightly peiform it,'or meet with any wruples or troubles of conscience in the practice of it, I then advise you, as the Church docs, io go to one of your superiors iii this place, to bo your spiritual guide ; anti bo not ashamed to uiiburthon your soul freely to him, Hint, besides his ghostly "counsel, you may receiv'o the henefit of absolution ; for though" confes- sion «four sins to-God is only matter of duty, and' absolutely necesaary, yet confession to our* spiritual guide also w, by many devout souls, found to be very advantageous to true repentance." .If Air. Biekorsteth had lind the misfortune to-have been in this colony when he wrote that manual, he would have been de- nounced as one who favoured tho most vile and abandoned practices of Popery. The Bishop then alluded to the assertion,' again and again reiterated in spite of his own express and emphatic denial of its truth, that the work called " Theophilus Anglicanus" waa prescribed for instruc- tion and examination of candidates in this diocese. Ho took this opportunity of once moro distinctly declaring, that whatever might bo 'the motive for certain parties persisting in nn assertion which was utterly without foundation, ho bad never prescribed it in a single instance-never instructed others to do so-never framed a siugle question for examination from its pages-never made tho slightest allusion to it in examining candidates for holy orders. Ile waa ablo to make the same statement with .roferonco to Archdeacons Marriott and Davies. In a single instance, in 1845 or 1846, he had given a copy to a gentleman who, at that time, led him to believe that lie intended lo offer himself as a candidate to holy orders. Ho judged it no breach of confidence to mention the name. It was Mr. Jeffrey. Ho was applied to by him for books which might bo useful in his studies. This work was put into Mr. Jeffrey's hands amongst (he boliovcd) others, ns likelv to give bim much valuable information, but it was never prescribed to bim, nor was he warned that its con- tents would form any part of his examination. He trusted ho should novor again be compelled to allude to the reiteration.of an assertion which had been again and again disproved, and ho had ovary confi fidenco that the ten years during which he had boen amongst them wero sufficient to induco thom to place implicit rolianco on his truthfulness. Other copies he had given to fliflbrent friends,.both amongst the clergy and the laity-to the amount, perhaps, of a dozen; and as ho had before said, so he now repeated, that were'ho in possession of a hundred copies, ho would gladly give them away to those ¡ism ne nan ever ueen aware ot m tim whole course of liscriticil reading. His Lordship then proceeded to iioint out that the J\ev. Mr. Biekorsteth, a lending member of the Evangelical party, published a manual who were likely to make a righi use of them o study the work for the sake of the sound informa, hon that it conveys, not for the pnrposo of seeing how ' here and there an expression migbt bo wrenched from its context, and twisted to bear a very different mean ing from that which its author intended toconvev" and which its plain, common-sonso interpretation would scarcely warrant. Ho must confess, thontrh that bo should bo disposed to restrict its circulation to students- to thoso, in short, who had made sufficient advancement in their studies to enablo them to con struo its many and valuable Greek and Latin quota- tions. Tho btatoment is quito correct, that it has been used as a text-bookat the College, though he gathered from the newspapers that it had lotterlv been discontinued-for what reason ho knew not,-for ho had no disposition, nor indeed did ho think it witbin his province, to interfere with the course - of instruction laid down bv tim Warden, who was the proper person to judge what books should or should not bo used. But he must again remind those who disliked this book, that as ho had not prescribed its use to candidates'for Holy Orders, so neither had bo pre- scribed its use at the College. It was introduced by Mr.Gell, and continued successively by Mr.Cox and Mi Windsor. 11 was, be thought, a curious instance of the' unfortunate haste with which persons will commit them . selves to a condemnation of theological works which they aro taught to condemn, that tho majority of those who had been so loud in its dispraise had never read many evon had never seen, the work. Why, some even of the clergy who had solemnly declared against its Romanising tendency, had judged it solely from tho one or two extracts that had been made, without taking the trouble to examino the volume for them- selves. (Jno of tho deputation which carne to him, as thoy would remember, to desire its expulsion from tim College, In that it inculcated some dangerous errors and corrupt practices of the Church of Rome, was in the same predicament. On meeting bim a few minutes after the departure of the deputation, he lamented to bim (thq Bishop) that he could not send his boys-to tho College, becauso that dreadful book was taiHit there. It was a hard case, be maintained, becanneho was a large subscriber. Upon being asked whether ho had over read the book which be so loudly con- demned, he frankly answered iu tho negative. It seemed to bo forgotten that the volume which certain persons had taken upon themselves to donouneo, as so essentially Romanish, was recognised in England, wo believe, by at least half her Bishops ns being sound and valuable. It had gone through six largo editions -no slight testimony to its value there; it bad never been charged with false doctrines; thoughtful men in England, he believed, would bo too chary of tlieir own reputation to denounce as an advocate of Romanish doctrines, teaching, and practices one who was univer- sally looked upon as tho most learned, the most non compromising, and the most successful champion of the Church of England against the pretensions mid doctrinesof the Church of Romç, whom God, in Ilia good providence, has raised up in this generation. The namo of Christopher Wordsworth, as a sound theolo- gian, is too eminent thoro not to place bim beyond tho roach of impeachment from those who would fain bo regarded amongst the wise or tho learned. »Thero, men aro in the habit of reading books before they con- demn thom. But he believed that tho principal objec- tion to Tbeophilus was, that it put forth the Romanish rule of faith. It has been said, that " absurdities and contradictions " are " involved in attributing to tlie Church a right to prescribo to individuals in opposition to tiieir own conviction of scriptural truth," that " it not only subverts the Reformation, but the Gospel. It not only condemns the Reformers, but the Saviour and his Apostles." He would presently turn to Thcophilus itself, but would first make some remarks as to what was the declared rule of faith of the Church of Eng- land. Tho Church of England appeals to Scripture as the one sole foundation and proof of the faith. Nothing could be clearer, for the Church says in the VI. Article, that " Holy Scriptuio contaiueth all things necessary to salvation I So that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to bo required of any man that it should bo believed as an article of faith, or be thought requisite orneccssary to salvation." Now, they should mark that the Church does not here assert that Scripture is so clear as to need no inter- preter, or that every individual of every grade, or with any amount of information, is «hie to interpret for himself. «She does not leavo her children bo to he " tossed« about with every wind of doctrine." At the Reformation, when the liturgy was restored, itwas "in tho godly and decent order of the ancient fathers." Tim Church has lajd down articles, accepted creeds, and put forth a liturgy. Does she, then, submit the doctrines of tho Church to the judgment of individual minds? Hu thought not. He thought sho no where allowed this latitude, no more than she would allow each individual to exercise his own private judgment on the canon of Scripture itself, which though for the mo«t part ascertained in the course ol' the first and second centuries, yet was not finally settled by universal reception of every book until lato' in the third. " Is it," asks an authority of the pivsent day, " that each one has to judge for him- self, whether the Church bo contradicting the express doctrines of Scripture, and consequently, is each person thus constituted judge over tho decisions of his Church ? If so, this is the most anomalous form of society that ever was imagined,-foi* if each individual singly in himsolf has greater authority than the whoio cnllectivoly (for the Church is a congregation formed of its own members), tlie authority vested in that wholo is void and nugatory." " This is what Cardinal Wiseman says of Protestants in general : he sjvs they have no" fixed rule of teaching. It is on this ground, and on this ground alone, that ho (the Bishop) maintained that nothing should induce lum to be so unwary as to admit the plenary right of private judg- ment. In each particular Church there was both the .Scripture and the Creed; tho creed, in its most sum- mary form, was tendered to evory candidate for Baptism as tho condition of his entering into the Church of Christ, and by this creed he was bound a-> his Church's interpretation of tho Scriptures. The Scripture was the proof of the creed, and the creed waa the interpreter of Scripture. Now, it was tho advocacy of the light of private judgment which was tho parent of tho " Solemn Declaration," tho declara- tion being that the Church " has no right to prescribo to individuals in matters of religion in opposition to their own judgment." It must bo obvious to his friends now present that a Bishop, in judging of theo- logical statements, had nothing to do but to deal with tho vory words themselves; he was the guardian of tho integrity and orthodoxy of that Church over which ho was placed. When he was asked to sanction such au exposition of the doctrino ofthe Church, he should, by doing so, bj denviug the Church's teaching. It had been admitted by one of tho most talented and respected of the lay adherents of tho " Declaration," that the language of the document had been drawn up loosely and unguaidedly. Had he (the Bishop) then assented to such a document, ho would have deserved fifty fold the obloquy which bad beon heaped upon him ; unpopular as he admitted ho was, he should have fully merited far greater unpopularity. Tho Declaration had been drawn up, it was admitted, loosely or unguardedly, so loosely in fact as virtually to deny the authority *of tho Church as declared-in her XX Article, namely, her authority in matters of faith. This was denied by the Solemn Declaration, not, as he had from the first believed, with the intention of its framcrs. When a clergyman takes upon himsolf his saciad office, ho subscribes his adhesion to the articles and liturgy ofthe Church, and he accepts her creeds, acknowledging that tbey aro to bo proved by most certain warrant of Scripture. How, then, can be con- form also to the.Statenient of thlB Declaration ? Oau ho conform and adhere to both ? It would be too rouen to expect that be would observe the XX Artiolo wlion ho signs a declaration which denies it; it was too much for a. minister who bad subscribed to both to turn round and say he maintained tbe articles in their integrity, and in his defence bring forward his own interpretation-of tho Scripture. Ho (the B»"*0]")^?} not deny his rig" "" ' "" .? ?-- « «. own Master be i ho sacred a tra«:-., "..-.-.OJ-. ,. ,- .; remained within the palo of the Church, discharge i worthilv.by teaching according to the Church'sformu clergymen, ho expressed a hope that it would bei «con- sidered : he had every hope and confidence tliat tuoso clergymen would sou the error they had fallon im«** If this declaration,!» correct, what would be thercon sequence? All parties appeal to Scripture "!?*.?»,* heresies which had arisen among the old »M°"°l the Church would bo revived by the appeals ot every individual to his own private judgment, and au wou « Uv equal claim to tho verdict of Scripturo in. their favour; hut how differently ? What gave birth to the Nicene Creed but the heresy of Arius, who set himself up as a true expositor of tho rule of faith in those days ? If tho faith of the Church was to be determined by tho private judgment of individuals, every man might set up as a religious teacher-tho Unitarian,the Quaker, tho Roman Catholic, tho dissenter from the Church of England of every kind, might appeal to Scripture in support of his particular view. The very differences of interpretation would prove that tho Scripture was not the clear expositor of its own meaning; and if this be so, to what witness must we appeal ? To our own individual opinion ? Look to the "results of such a doctrine amongst the countless sects of Protestants of every grade in Christendom ? Nay, surely to the same witness which attests to in the very books to which we make appeal, the Church herself. " In the name of the Holy Scripture," says her Sixth Article, we do understand those canonical books of the Old and New Testament, of whose authority was never any doubt in the Church, that is, of the Catholic Church - for some particular Churches did doubt of certain cpistlos aud the Revelation, until the full testimony was com- municated to thom. Had the time permitted ho had intended to have read the opinions of Archbishop Cranmer, of Bishops Bramhall, Bull, Louth, Jebb, and Taylor upon this subject, to show that his view upon the restrictions which the Church puts upon the right of private judgment were correct. His friend, Christo- pher Wordsworth, the Romanising author of Theophilus Anglicanus, had sent him out a copy of a sermon which contained a thorough recognition of the authority of Holy Scripture, thus interpreted: "Tho Rule of Faith of tho Church of England is HOLY SCRIPTURE. She teaches, that nothing ought to be required of any man to be believed, as necessary to salvation, which cannot be proved from Holy Writ (xxxix Articles, Art. vi. Compare also Art. xx.) At first sight, our Non-conformist Brethren appoar to agree with her in this fundamental principle. Their language is, "The Bible, and the Bible only, is the religion of Protestants." But, on a nearer inspection, we find that some of them differ widely from her in this matter. 'J'ho Church of England maintains, that tho Bible, and the Bible only, is tho basis of her Faith. But she maintains also, that the true sense of the Bible is that which alone ought to be called the Bibie; and that it is very erroneous to imagine, that a wrong sense of Scripture is Scripture. She affirms, that the Word of God, Who is One, cannot have many différent and discordant meanings ; and that there cannot be more true meanings of Scripture than one. This being the case, the question, you perceive, arises :-How is this true sense of Scripture to be ascertained ? We find' from the Word of God, that Christ has instituted a Divine Society in tho world, which Ho calls His Church : - the Church Universal. We know from tho same Word, that this Church, as far as it is Christian, dates from the time of Christ and His Apostles, and that Christ said to His Apostles, that He would send the Holy Ghost to illuminate them, and to teach them all things, amd to guide them into all truth (John xiv. 20. xvi. 13). He declares that His Church is built on a Rock (Matt. xvi. l8) ; and St. Paul calls it the Pillar and Ground of the Truth (1 Thh. iii. 15.) And Christ has promised to be with His Church .always, even unto the end of the world (Matt. xxiv. 20.) Hence, although the Church of England teaches, that there are, and have been, and ever will be, blemishes and flaws,-spots and wrinkles (Eph. v. 27) ; in the Visible Church Universal, as long as it continues on earth;-for Tares will romain mixed with the Wheat in tho Field of the Church, enen to the Harvest', which is the end of the World (Matt. xiii. 29); yet she affirms, that,'whatever Doctrine has been received by the Church Universal in all ages, as the sense of Holy Scripture, is the true sense of Holy Scripture ; and that any doctrine, which may bo imputed to Scripture by any mau, or by any body of men, but which Doctrine cannot be shown to have been deduced from Scripture by the Church Universal, in and from the time of the Holy Apostles, is not the true sense of Scripture, but is a human device and n fond imagination, and that therefore such doctrine is false, and ought by all men to.be rejected an such." Now tho nile of faith ho (Dr. Wordsworth) lays down in Theophilus Anglicanus is simply this, as would be seen by the following question. Q.-" Am I then to make myself the judge whether they are in error : and if not, to what test and standard of doctrine am I to appeal ?" The answer is : - " We may not listen to our own independent private reason, but first, mid above all, Holy Scripture as received, guarded, and interpreted by the Catholic Church from the beginning, ' according to the proportion of faith,' is the rule and standard to which all teaching is referred, and against which no one is to ho heard, no, not even ' an angel from heaven ;' and next subordinately, and by way of explanation of Scripture, tho consent of the Church herself, speaking in her public expositions, creeds, councils, liturgies, confessions, and writings of her ancient bishops and doctors, is to bo regarded." He (the Bishop) could but say that if that doctrine was Popish, the good old Cranmer and all the staunch old bishops of the Church were under the same condemna- tion. " I protest," says Cranmer, touching his doc- trine of tho sacrament", and other his doctrine of what kind soever It be, " that it was never in my mind to write, speak, or understand any thing to the contrary to the most holy word of God, or else against the holy Catholic Church of Christ; but purely and simply to imitate and teach those things only, which I had learned of tho sacred scriptures, and of the holy Catholic Church of Christ from the beginning, and also according to.the exposition of the most holy and learned fathers and martyrs of the Church. "And if any thing bath peradventure chanced otherwise than I thought, I may err; but heretic I cannot be, forasmuch as I am ready in all things to follow the judgment of the most sacred word of God and of the holy Catholic Church, desiring none other thing than meekly and gently to be taught, if any where (which, God forbid!) I have swerved from the truth. '. . " And I protest and openly confess, that in all my doctrine and preaching, both of the sacrament and of other my doctrine, whatsoever it be, not only I mean and judge those things as the Catholic Church and the most holy fathers of old, with one accord, havo meant and judged; but also I would gladly use the same words that they used, and not use any other Words, but to set my hand to all and singular their speeches, phrases, ways, and form of speech, which they do use in their treatises upon the sacrament, and to keep still their interpretation. But in this thing 1 only am accused for an heretic, because I allow not tlio doctrine lately brought in of the sacrament, and because 1 consent not to words not accustomed in scripture, and unknown to the ancient fathers, but newly invented and brought in by men, and belonging to the destruction of souls, and overthrowing of the pure and old religion. Those were the words of a dying man, being part of Ciunnicr'sappealathis degradation, and it was becauso lie (his Lordship) had repudiated a declaration which was in direct opposition to this teaching, that ho had himself been called a Romanist. Of his condemnation of the private-judgment clause, it was said, " It not only subverts the Reformation, but tho Gospel : it not only subverts the Reformers, but the Saviour and his Apostles." The right of private judgment, as declared in the Solemn Declaration, we are told, " is essential to human liberty, and those who deny it subvert Pro- testantism, and are bound to turn Romanist if they follow out their principles ;" and his conduct, because he would not sanction that document, has been repre-m sented as " an unparalleled violation of the principles and rights of the Church !" Now, at tho risk of detain- ing them for a few moments, he would read what he had said to the Archbishop of Canterbury upon thîs subject, as he had written to him some six months ago:-. A lamentation has been made in certain parts of this Diocese ilmt the Archbishop's opinion respecting tile lioiimnizing clmracttr of- the works condemned in the ''declaration," lias not led to their " prohibition." The Archbishop will,'! am sure, disntow nil intention of prescribing to me upon (lie subject, and all iden of expecting such a result. It is a strange doctrine which these persons put forth, that because the Areli tihliop of Canterbury has written to a clergyman in a colonial diocese, expressing his' opinion that there is much in Dr. Wordsworth's Theophilas Anglicanus that it is far more in accordance with the principles of the Church of Rome than of the Church of England," the II ¡shop ¡a, therefore, bound to take immediate steps to prohibit its circulation, at well as that of the npampldet of which His Grace disapproved. The exarnpie should, at all events, be first set In England ; yet these persons do not pretend that the Archbishop, or any English Bishop, has found it necessary or expe dient to put forth an "index expurgatorius" for the adoption of their respective dioceses ; and by placing these books upon ii, to prohibit tlieir public circulation mr to prescribo tlieir prívalo use. It may line, however, be amiss to remark that ni Tarbuck as July 30, 1851,1 issued a circular to Hie clergy, the result of winch is, llnit not a single copy of " Slept to the Altar" has since that petiod been circuíUcd by nny clergyman. Not moro than six copies of Spiritual Communion have ever found tlieir way to the-diocese. Tlicophilus Aiiglicaiius bus, I learnt but yesterday, been cliscon limie-1 at the college for more Uinnayear, though I distinctly refused to fetter tbe Warden*» discretion, eil her as to ¡Is retention or disu-e. The- Archbishop will, therefore, see tim real amount of Hie grievance complained of. I have been clurged with tim ¡-.rosiest disrespect towards His Ginee, in having said, willi reference to Ids opinion of these work»," that ii must ijo for «lint it i* worth." I trust ii is .enrccly needful for me io disavow all intention of treating His Grace willi the -.lii-hlest mark of di»couriesy. I hope I know my ditly better. The words in question were, a* I am reminded, used by me in a pii-nie conversa lion with the Rev. ¡\\)r. iVediiiud, who had urged the Aichbishnp's o|iiuii)ii, na nn niithoriintive judgment lo which I must, of necessity, defer. They were retailed hy h'un to his friends, nml hy these very freely used at the recent publie meeting and cNuwhctc. I am, in no respect, ans«verablu for tlieir publication. No candidate for tlulv Orders lins as yet been njecled in consequence of that " protest,"-no elergymaii ettctuded fiom em- ployment, no licence refused, mid still less withdrawn ; and the laity, of course, may judge awl net just as ihey think proper on Hie subject. I cetliiinly lefttsu to mlinit the judgment of the Piny Council in «Mr.« Gorham'«*, case, as Inybtg down the law fur mc, in what nnamier and on what subjects I am to eximí ino candi- dates fiir Holy Order*, or as enjoining mo under lim penally of discharging the law ol ihe land, to admit to the ministerial office ti person holding Air. Gorham'» prciilinr »iews." His Lordship resumed. Ho s.ii I now, as bo had said before, however such doctrino as that put forth in tho Solemn Declaration might bo allowable without tho palo of tho Church of England, such a declaration was not tenable by hor members within. It had also been stated that ho had acted in so arbitrary a mañuel- as to fill up tho yacanfc ch.aplancios' with Ministers who upheld tho principles of Thcopilus Aiiglicanus and tho steps; that "the most ex tremo advocates and disseminators of these books havo been promoted to tho most important livings." Tina was a deliberate declaration, thoughtfully* punned, and should have rested upon tho most salibfactory proof. It was a pity that beforo it was committed to tho press, the gentle- man who wrote it had not been bettor informell: lia« 1 ho applied to him (tlio Bishop), or to his good fi ¡end Mr. Aiclidcucon Davies, the writer might easily have cor- rected his judgment in that respect. Whon ho was now assured that tho statement was utterly and entirely unfounded, ho had no doubt but that, as a gentleman, ho would feel regret, and as a gentleman acknowledge that regret. Tho facts connected with the caso, his Lordship stated, arc those. Sinco July 1851, seven appointments to colonial chapltincies have taken place. Out of tho clergy recommended by him- self to hold them, ono of tho chaplains so appointed, openly defended tho works in question ; auothor' as openly denounced thom. Regarding tho others, to bia owii knowledge not a singlo question was asked thom, nothing could bo further fiom his thoughts than to mako their acceptance or rejection of thoso books a test of orthodoxy or a condition of employment. Fifteen othor appointments havo been mudo, cither to missionary chaplaincies or curacies. Only one of thoso steppod forward to vindicate the books, tlio Rev. Mr. Davenport, of whom his bitterest opponents could not accuso bim of wishing to spread Romish doctiincs amongst his unhappy charge at Norfolk Island. Tho other 14 were not asked a ¡anglo qucs! tion with respect to tho books, whether thoy presented themselves for employment, licence, or ordination ; nor was a single opinion elicited from any one of theso clergymen upon thom. Thoy would now seo how far tho assertion that ho had quoted was truo. But it was said in tho Protest signed by tlio clergymen he referred to, that not only did thoy regard the books as at variance with tho truo teaching of the Church of England, but that tho laity thought so too. Ho had not taken tho trouble to as- certain how far that opinion was entertained by tho laity in general, and ho had yetto learn that their sentiments had been fairly represented But how did the matter stand with respect to the clergy ? Thero wero at tho present timo fifty clergymen in tho dio- cese, fifteen of whom had signed tho Solemn Declara- tion-out of that number live had sinco repudi-ited tho clause ; and now ho was compelled to notice tho statement which had beon mado with respect to that repudiation. It had been stated that he had exercised not morely arbitrary power, but means tlio mo¡>t un- worthy ti! induce that repudiation. "When a man in England employs his private means to induce a voter to bell his suiiragc, tho law and tho public moral sense condemn and punish the tempter and seducer; but the evil is greatly aggra- vated when tho revenues and oilicos of the Church, entrusted and designod for tho general welfare, arc employed to induce dependant ministers to deny and abandon principles which they havo publicly and solomnly professed. " It may bo deemed that I express this statement too strongly. Thoso who can feel for tho trials and weakness of mon in the temporal condition and dependence of ministers will not think so. I have heard fiom a minister, who had both spokon and voted on the sido of the Bishop, an expression of satisfaction that tho majority ivas «gainst him! I havo heard a minister who opposed tho measure 1 advocated confess to ino that ho know I was upholding his cause as well as my own. I havo boon told by a minister of the Bishop's party that ho would gladly have taken tho opposite sido but foi* the pake of his large family. Theso arc examples of what overy man of common sense must seo is the natural effect of tho Bishop's proceedings. Its influence is plainly to iuduco, by threats, penalties, and losses, tho ministers who have asserted tho right of privato judgment to. withdraw thoir names from "Tho Solemn Declaration." I fool this wrong so deeply, that 1 must submit the dreadful comparison of the Tempter-'s words "ai-t, «nir.si" wii.r. i ciive thei*." Tho principle is tho same-tho influence is the same; and if thoso who, tho Bishop tolls us, havo abandoned tho principles thoy maturely professed in "The Solemn Declaration" havo boen induced hy such influences, whilo I admit they aro stibjeate of our deepest commiseration, I assert that tho influence before which they havo fallon merits our abhorrence.' In reference to this extract, His Lordship freely admitted that thq clergy of tho diocese had a light to form opinions upon tho teaching and doctrino of any books which caljie under theil* notice, and ho for one should thank tjiem for theil* candour, even though ho differed from thom in their estimate of them ; and-ho should havo merited tho just abhorrence of every truo son of the church, if he had endeavoured by any means to cooroo their opinions. Ho should feel that he merited every obloquy, if there was ono syllable of truth in that allegation ; but ho had written to every one ofthe fivo clergymen concerned, and ho had their unanimous reply, that it was positively and literally untrue. (Applause.) And by whom was this state- ment mado ? These words were not tho words of a layman, but ono of tho pastors of tho church ; they wero the words of ono who had sworn obedience to himself as his ordinary, who had solomnly promised to follow willi a glad mind Ins Bishop's godly admo- nitions. Were there bul one word of truth in the ns-.eft ion j ho lind read, he should justly turril the abhorrence of every Churchmnn in the island, and to be held iii lasting dishonour mid disguise. He_ would leave any gentleman to consider with what feelings he perused such slanders as tbese. His Lordship nett proceeded to notice the charge which had been brought against him, lhat be had spoken disrespectfully of the Archbishop, thai he bad openly insulted tim Primate of England. The question lind been tiuintitiply put, " how could be (ihe Bishop) reusoimbly expect the allegiance of his clergy, when he bimself filled in his obedience to his ecclesiastical superior? He bad written lo tlio Archbishop, us lie hal told llicm, upon llmt subject, and when he received un answer ii should go before the public. It had also been urged that he had manifested open opposition lo the judgment of the Archbishop, but he could not possibly ioSk upon the letter of the Archbishop to a solitary clergyman lu the light of a judgment. He also reminded llimn that the Archbishop could not possibly entertain the idea of giving any judgment at all in the maller, more particularly as it was at the request of Iho late Arch- bishop that metropolitan jurisdiction was given to the Bishop of Sydney. It bad been thought desirable that such jurisdiction should bo confided to one who possesietl colonial experience, mid when the matter was submitted to bim, ha (ilie liishop), feeling a total indifference as to nrhose jurisdiction lie should ac- knowledge, willingly consented tbnt it should pnss into the bands of the metropolitan of Sydney. And truly it m if; lit tie said, that colonial experience wns necessary, for who in England could imagine such a state of things ni existed in this colony, where n clergyman comes forward as the open assailant of his. liishop, where meetings aro held in which clergymen mid laymen unite in reviling their chief I'nstort With raspéetelo thu observation imputed to bim of slighting the opinion of the Primate, by the observation thai his opinion "mi/;ht go foulis much as ii wns worth,'' he lititl ue»er used the expression, with uny such intention. The words were used in conversation willi the Rev. Mr. Medianil, who bad quoted the Arch- bishop's judgment ns being in favour of his own pnrliculnr views. Hu (the Hisbop) lind almost forgotten the exact worth he lind used, lint they were not spuken in tho sense to which allusion hail been made. Ile, in fact, «furn mini such n plirnse in con- versation ; several of ihn clergy who knew him liest could testify that often in the discussion of a question ho stilled his view, but reminded them that such was his opinion alone, he did not press it, (hey might luke it for only us much ns it wns worth. And this wai gravely brought for ward ns n chnrgu against him, it formed the subject of'commcnt nt publie meeting», and wns twisted by a clei'Kym.iii into ii bniulle against his Bishop ! Another ridiculous ehnrgo which had ' been brought against him was thal iii repmlialing the decision til the Privy Council ¡ti the eise of ¡Mr. Gorham, he lind been fiuilly of a grievous infraction of the law I In regard lo that decision he hail certainly protested n^ainsl ii, omi he had yet to learn why lie should ho prevented from the exeieise of a right which wns possessed mid vnliiid by every Englishman..' Ile, willi immy then present, had signed protests «gainst mi Act that had the direct cotiiitenniico of lier Aln jesty, lie nú-lint the coiitimiance of transportation Was he lo be told, because he lind dono that, he lind been guilty of disloyalty or disrespect ? He not only maintained his right to protect in this mutter, but believed that he was especially cal'eil upon to do so, inasmuch ns the decision of ihe I'r'ny Council went to deny the faith of the ancient Church of Christ. Hut it wns said tluit- by protesting ng-iinst this ib cisión he vlolntcil not only the. law of the Church, hut the law of Hie land. With reference to tlio lawof'thc Church, Iludid not know of any other laws than those which were made and passed in Convocation: such at least, in his young days, he understood to be the laws of the church. Could it bo'sahl that, by repudiating the decision referred to, he had violated any hw so made? But how stood the matter with regard to the law of the land? The judgment was. the, decision of fivo law Lords, and a decision only. Now let it be re numbered, when ho was charged- with resisting tho law of the land, that the law' was made by the con- current act of the thrco Estates of the realm ; that tho law, having been made by Parliament, could not ha altered except by Parliament itself. There was this wide difference between the two case«. -The one was a decision alono, whick could not bo hold like a law, for a law governs all future decisions. A déci- sion is questionable, and may lie.,overruled. A decision given in an isolated case applies to that case only, it cannot influence future decisions; not but that a wcll-groundcd'deeision in any case may havo considerable weight on the minds of thoso who aro called to adjudicate in similar cases often recurring ; yet even then it cannot havo the force of law. Anti in this ease, what was tlio judgment of tho Privy Council? Had they transgressed their proper func- tions? Was it to be supposed that they did not know what they were about? Ho must refer thom to his Reply to tho Deputation fora further and moie cxteiuled'unotico jn this matter. What the Privy Council meant'to.do,-and they had done no more, may bs seen from the following extract from their judgment. " I'liis Court, constituted lor the purpose of ntlvfsing Her Majesty in mutters which come »'ullin its compe- tency, has ti» jurisdiction or authority to settle matters ol faith, or lo determine «hut ought, in tiny particular, lo he the doctrine of the Church of Énglniul." " So, too,-soi.ie timu aller the delivery ot dib judg- ment, one of the most distinguished members of ibu Committee, the Loid Chid Justice, in »ruine to .Viss Sellon (whoso declared faith on the subject ol' baptismal regeneration wasknoun to lie identical with that of the Utshop uf Exeter), suit), " I assure you that we have given no opinion contrary to jours upon the doc- trino of baptismal regeneration. H's had no jtnisdie tioli to deride any doctrin.il question ; mid ne studiously abstained from doing so. We »ere only eil lea' upon to construe the anieles mid loimularies ol the Church, und to say whellier they be so li-auit-tl, ns to condemn certain opinions expressed by Mr, Goihim." " We must suppose that tue members of the Council were some»hal myro competent to decide upon the i extent of their own jurisdiction, and the meaning of their omi judgment, limn an individual Clergyman, or a public meeting in Hobirt Tonn. " What, then, did thr-y decide? The answer must he given in their own words. " We baie abstained from impressing any opinion of our own on the tlHolofjicil correctness, or crior, of thu doctrine ot Mr. Gorham, ubieh was discussed before us, at such great length, und with so much leitrnini'." . What iiecntne, then, his Lordship inquired, of the decla- ration su distinctly made that he had not only violated the law of the Church, and resisted the law of Hie hind, but virtually repudiated the Queen's supremacy ? How tloes the ctse of .\»r Gorham ulled imitéis in' ibis colon}' ? Ile hiul iiollimjr lo du with Mr. Giuliani, theiu wns no liiamploid Speke in this colony, nuil the decision uf such a tiibim.il could in no way illecl this diocese. II« had clearly shown Unit he had not vio- lated any law of the Clmicli, ns the law of the Chin cb muslretiiiiiu unalterable except hy convocation. Ano- ther charge which had been brought against bim was Hihi, hy pressing Ins views with respect io Baptismal Regeneration, he was uuirowing the terms of com- munion with the Chinch, excluding the Evangelical clergy from the diocese, and filline; their places with others uf Romanising sentiments. His Lordship urged that he did not coiisidci it possible for any can- didate for the ministry to ncccpt that office, adopting the view of Mt. Gorham tin one ham!, and accepting the formularies of the Church with the other. The same view of the question lind also been asserted by the Bishop of London, who wns second to no man iii Euclam! «s n thoronalilv sound ibcologian. "Holding it to be unquestionably the doctrino of tho Church of England, that infants receive remission of original «in in Baptism, through tho merits of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, applied to them by that Sacrament, and iinding in Mr. Gorhain's answers to tlio Bishop of Exeter's questions, a distinct denial of that doctrine, I could not bring myself to concur in the reasons assigucd by the Judicial Committee for recommending 1 Tor Majesty to reverso the judg- ment of the Court of Arches. Mr. Gorham holds, that tho remission of original sin, adoption into tho family, of God, and regeneration, must all tako placo, in the case of infants, not in Baptism, nor by means of Baptism, but beforo Baptism; an opinion which appears to mo to bo in direct opposition to the plain teaching ol' 'ho Church, and utterly to destroy the sacramental character of Baptism. I cannot admit that this opinion is to bo reconciled, by any latitude of interpretation which can reasonably be claimed, witli tho Church's Articles and Formularies ; nor do I believe that it is an opinion which is hold by moro than a very small nunibor indeed of our Clergy." It bad been said thal lie put fmw.nd a test upon this point which excluded dom lue ministry ali persons wbo'c views .'ere different fruin his own. He would rend tla-m the only test be pul. " As an ordained Minister of the Church of England, pledged to use her Liturgy entire,, you will be called upon, with reference to cvciy infant, without excep- tion, whom you publicly baptise, to say ' Doubt yo.not, but earnestly bolievo that HeJ will likewise favourably rcccivo this present inflmt.' ' »seeing now, dearly bolovcd brethren, that this child is regenerate' ' ' Wo yield Theo hearty thanks, most merciful Father, that it liath pleased Theo to 'regenerate this infant with Thy Iloly Spirit.' Again, with leferenco to every child whom yon privately baptise, you will bo called upon to use the words last quoted ; and, when you receive him into the Church, to say further, ' Seeing, now, dearly beloved brothicti, that this child is by baptism regenerate.' 1 abk you, eui you uso these words with reference to eveiy infant whom you baptise, without montai reservation or equivocation, in their plain and full meaning,-in their " literal and grammatical sense." lie was Hound to maintain the honour mid iheoitbo doxy of the Church ; mid weto lie to allow the use of any mental reservation or equivocation upon those J points on which the Church lia* so'carefully declared her doctrine, what might be the consequence? If menial reservation and equivocation were encouraged willi respect to one article, why not with all ? Sup- posing a mun under such circumstances taking a charge and preaching Transubstantiat'ion ? If allowed to re- serve that point when being ordained, could he not, wholly culled to account, stale that he had received permission t«> preach any and whatever doctrine ho thought proper ? His "views on the subject of Bap- tismal Regeneration were no norel «lews. Hu would lofer them to tho valuable opinion of the present Bishop of Bangor on that p.«int.. " Wo find, then, that our Litiygy, in strict con formity to tho doctrino of tho universal Church, makes no mention of Regeneration except in con- junction with Baptism ; and that ita compilers wero so far from attempting to separate what had boen intimately connected in tho faith and disciplino of their, forefathers in Christianity, that thoy have nover introduced tho word into these services even in a popular sense. Tho loarncd Archbishop of Cashel has investigated tho goncalogy of theso offices, and shown that this doctrino pervades ' all those documents from which wo cm infor their truo drift and import, on Ugtlimato principles of analogy and induction. Ho has (raced the doctrino whicli they exhibit to'the writings of Cranmcr, tho two books o*f Homilies, the p.iraphrasc of Erasmus, tho works of Luther, and tlio public services of tho Lutheran Church. As wo ascend higher, tho line of testimony continues unbroken, and thti doctrine of Regeneration in and through Baptism, as a necessary Article of Christian faith, grounded on our Saviour's express declaration, may be traced backward without inter- ruption from tho timo of the Reformation' to tho days of-tho Apostles." The siimu views woro entertained by Archbishop Criinmer and the Reformers, who received ihem as handed down in a line* of unbroken testimony 'from die first ages; and yet he was to be spoken of for entertaining these opinions as one who »yus narrowing the terms of communion willi the Church, anil exclud- ing Protestant and Utaugclical ministers I To show what a limited amount of learning had been applied to the drawing up of this charge, he would quote nn ex- tract upon the s.tuie subject from another high ecclesi- astical -tutlimity. " No preacher is authorised, either by our Church or by St. 1'iiul, lo leave ii doubt on ibu minds of his heaters whether they uro loithin (he pala of Gun's favour; but. on the contrary, is hound to enjoin them to seek boldly at the throne of grace for power to confirm iheir faith, and work out iheir repentance, mid live worthy of their high culling**' 1 All might he so nurtured in the * fear and admo- nition of ihe Loud,' as to grow up with a sense ofthe holiness of Go»,-of ihe awful munro of offending Uni to Whom, as infants, tbey had been solemnly dedicated, of the inestimable hlcsihig of OCÍH17 at peace willi Him, through ihe washing of Regeneration and receiving of the ilolir Ghost.'' * These were the very words of the present Archbishop of Cauteibiiry, to whom au appeal had been made tu support. Evangelical doctrine. lu the appendix to his (the Bishop's) last «hinge lie lind given the sentiment-, of Bishop Ryder in his primary charge upon lins qpesiion ; nnd Simeón says : "In tho baptismal service wa tharth God for having regenerated tha baptized infant by his Holy Spirit. Now from heue-* it appears that, ia tlie opinion of our Reformers, regeneration arid remission of sim did accompany baptism. But in what senso did they hold this sentiment? Did they maintain that there was no need for the seed then sown in the heart of the baptized person to grow up and to bring fort Ii fruit; or that ho could bo saved in any other way, than by a progressive rcnoMition of his sont after the divine imago ? Had they asserted any such doctrino as that, it would have been impossible for any enlightened person lo concur with thom. But nothing can be conceived moro repugnant to their sentiments than such an idea as this : so fur from harbouring such a thought, thoy have, and that too in this very prayer, taught us to look to God for that total change both ol' heart and life which, long since their days, ha* begun lo ba expressed by the term " regeneration." 'I his was Um view uhich had been held lung before ihese dayi hy Ihe must eminent pietatcs ofthe English Church; am!, to (.«> further, John Wi-slej, whom no one would ¡iccu'cof holding Trite1.11 ian vie-vs, siys, - " Ii is i-enaiii our Chuich »uppobus mai all who are baptised in theil infancy are at the same time horn nguiu; 1111d-itis11llowed1h.it the whole office of bap- tism fur infinis pmcend'i upon tbis supposition. Not is it nu object ¡ou of any weight against this, that we cannot comprehend bow ibis work eau be wrought in infants ; for neither can -ve comprehend how it is wrought in a person of riper years." He bud only therefore to'say thnt if lils views would evciude any Evangelical minister.! in this colliny, the same views wüte held by Simeon and John Wesley also. One more quotation, and then he had done; it was from the writings ofthe Bishop of London. " I havo already observed," says the Bishop of London, " that iu tho interpretation of tho Articles whicli relate more immediately to doctrine, our surest guide is tho Liturgy. It -may safely bo pronounced of any explanation of an Article which cannot bo reconciled with the plain language of tho offices for Public Worship, that it is not 'the doctrino of tho Church. Tho opinion, for instance, which denies baptismal regeneration, might possibly, though not without great difficulty, bo reconciled with the language of tho- twenty-seventh Article ; but by 110 stretch of ingenuity, nor latitude of explanation, can it bo brought to agree with the plain, unqualified language of the offices for Baptism and confirmation." Now lie h.td shown them that the opinions be held on Baptismal regeneration were the same os those which these very learneri<men pronounced to be the true teach- ing of the Church. He had endeavoured to steer clear of theological intricacies. He lind quoted the words of Evangelical writers, of lenders of the Evangelical school, and ho trusted they would seo that their coiifl. 'dence 011 Ide orthodoxy of his teaching was not nltoge , ther groundless. There were other questions which he would gladly have touched upon, but it was not within his piesent powers; indeed, he felt he halibut imper- fectly acquitted himself. The task, however, might be not altogether without efTect ; and hail ho only suc- ceeded in convincing one who thought differently from himself upon those questions he bud spoken of, If be hud convinced one otlly thnt lia had been misjudged, that lie had not received that consideration to which he was fairly entitled, that a wrongful ascription of mo- tives bud been mude, he should be satisfied. If he was n Triict.irinn, he hart shown 1 hem that lie was in good company, thut he entertained the same views willi those faithful lights and ornaments of the Church whose opinions Im had quoieel. But, though he luid been un- sparingly accused as one of Romanising principles, though hu lind thus been compelled to notice the num- berless charges which had been brought against bun, he felt Innards lils accusers ten UinusHtid limes more of sorrow Hum of any other feeling. These were strange times, and Hie manner of their meeting together now wus no less- atratige. Tho position in which he now stood before them was au unusual one fur a Bishop of Hie Church of EtiRland ; but he could not help it. Al for the aii.i-.-ks which lind., been levelled at his ortho- doxy, he feared that their effects would never be tho- roughly cradicateJ; yet lie trusted he could pray its heartily as he would lor the forgiveness of his own sins, lor the spiritual welfare of those who have wrought this work. While hu found it necessary to vindicate the soundness of his own principles, he trusted he should never yield to one angry or resentful feeling. Although he lind been sorely wrung by these trials and discon- tents, he trusted that he had been able to exercise a Christ inn spirit of forbcarniu-e. Ile thanked God that he had been kept from uttering any angry nord, from taking any hasty step, although he had been thus sorely tried. He had conscientiously sought to avoid harsh measures; he had not been prone to lake up Hie quar- rel, but lind even erred, us some thought, from the excess ofltxlty. If he was not worthy the estimation, ofthe Con- fidence of those whose spiritual ente had been committed to him, and he desired 110 more,-if, in ten years' splri ttinl jurisdiction over the church in this colony, he bad shown himself unworthy of tho confidence of those whose confidence was worth having, hy« would desire ii 11» more. Ho trusted, however, that their confidence iu him would remain imshnken, that ho should always enjoy ii. But, however this might be, ho trusted that whatever obloquy might be heaped upon bim, he should he enabled to hear any amount of evil speaking rallier than betray the charge committed to bim-that ns he had began, so God would grant him grace to persevero; nuil that without regard to personal popularity, he might be spared to subserve the best interests of the Church in this colony. Ile would act consistently and fear- lessly, nud he hoped that ihe day was far distant when he would cousent to lay open (he Church to the attacks of Itomanisis 011 the one hand, or of dissenters on Hie oilier. He would bear a million times more obloquy than thnt which he had experienced, rather than leave the Church open to teaching which woyld declaro thnt she had no fixed rule of faith. Did ho then deny that the Bible was the rule of Christian faith and practice ? Certainly not. He only denied the light of any minia . of 1er within the pale of the Church to establish another creed for himself than that which tho Church Initl I down. Wns there any one who desired to innovate upon her teaching, lu the Lord's name let bim leave her, but never let him lift up his heel against the Church while he ate her bread. His Lordship thanked them sincerely for the patience willi which they had listened to his ad- dress. If ho hail detained them long, they would see | how important wns the matter under consideration. His energies were less strong thnn tiley once were;1 mid h ivinrr read nil, and seen nil, which for the last few years hat) been going on in the diocese, (hey must be convinced that hu must be cither more or less thnn human lind not these painful occurrences deeply affected him. Tlie Intces they had left in his heart «ero pain- ful, bitter, ntid nindiup;, tie had felt anxious to refer to one other topic, but hu felt he had so over-tanked his powers that lie must leave it lo some other opportunity, it wns his nllegutl harshness lo the late .Air. Wigmore, ile should have »is.'ic.l to show them how strangely hu had been misrepresented. He must ' be content with saying now that tims« who lind made the statements ré- sped i oc I he dism Issu I of I hat gent lemán had represented the circumstances in a light veiy different from their noliuil occurrence ; and be knew of no species of slander which is so bad, so rankling In its effects, ns that which had ii few grains 61'truth m the bottom of it. (lis Lordship-having thus concluded, the meeting dispersed. 