r Tuesday :25th Januaryj 1853. : g -: ' 'FIBBING. P . The wornb dishonestyof \whioh a'pibli journalisi can he guilty in that capacity, is professing to quote a relation of facts from another journal, bit'stip b pressing or distorting that portiop which may not be S':sunison with its opinions. 'Such course proves both the weakioss of the cause and'the meanness of a the advocate. ' , I 'W'Vb had lioped that' suech contoeptible'conduct wduld .b In this colony confined to such a journal as the Launceston Examiner, whose suppression of the obnoxious non-intercourse clause in tho League 'articles which it professed to copy from the -Argus, i caused equal contempt and distrust. But we regret to find that the same spirit has infected the Courier, \--1. T. Adrertiser, 18th January. Omn contemporary the Courier has briefly disposed of that part of' the charge which affected him, and we have long eased :to 'notice the misrepresentations of the Adver \- tiser respecting ourselves. The above,' hodw' ever, is a-fair specimen of the wilful fictions tlhat daily disfigure that print. Mr. West declared at- a public meeting that the non \- .intercourse clause never formiied part of the : League compact, and. that: on hMis own 'motion it was struck out::of the draft . We. may add that neither thie Argue. nor, any other Melbourne journal ever printed the, clause, but, tlut it ;did appear; in the Exuminer, and was copied ,by other jour nals 'from our; columns. without _acknow ledgement. But'it was not for the purpose, of refuting a patent; falsehood that we ex. tracted the, above, but lbeiuse' the repe tititii of a palpableoabisirdity affords us an .-opportunity to explain a- curious circum stance connec'ed with the pledge of the League. The?-writer happened- to-be in Melbourne in the month of January, 1851, and had the pleasute of attending the pre Sliminary, meetings of the, conference, which decided tn the adoption of the two \- addresses pubhlised :at the time. On his departure he was favored with slips of the documents,' and informed that+ tlhiah \-- an-- ouunermeetin-g woudiitbe held, he might consider those ; papers as approived. At thai t meeting, however, the non intercourse clause was'i struck out at the instance of: 'r.' West.:; In ignorance of this. fact, cupon S the'writer's arrivalin Launceston, the slips were .publihshed with 'the non intercourse "::clause in the Examiner of'5th 'February, . and .generally copied by :the Australian journals and the newspapers of England., What :was finally, adopted appeared in the ,Argus of the 3rd February, and' when it a cached Launceston the corrected pledgo and 'entire proceedings were; transferred into the Examiner, of 12th Februtry The, mistake; entirely uniintentional, has excited much harimless confusion, whifrih we have hitherto silently enjoyed'; but the joke jhas. lieomei stale, and we wisih to let our readers into the real' secret. - The: Advertiser for. maniy consecutive onths has ibeen do nquncing the suppression of what formined no ..part of the compact submitted at tho inau guration of tho Australasian ?League in' Melbourne on the memorable first jofFeb ruiary, AD'. 186? When challenged 'to produce his authority he slunk away jand has since regularly reproduced the untruth ý without' a caiveat .Xt tmay lie th ettics of. that prinit thrice to'slay the slain, but itis not our practice to notice ghosts once fairly; laid, :He hlias now the chance to iidlnow-' ledge his error, o; by his silence to submit 'to the imputition ;of.making false accusa ions it is immaterial vhil alternative he i':may seledt; ho -i's likewio e aI liberty to" : d,: lecline bothh, f esof are conceirnie 