ïilB FUS 'lUrVu Oli1 TII«i DUiiïï "WELLINGTON. OF ( Conclude I from our lust ) si i'ALI 'i cnimcny HID. St. r.in''s Ch'itvliyuTci hail been a sosno of tho ntmnst bustle ft um tho cnrly p«trt of the mornriK, tho nmio beeauv\ fiom the Pitliiicrs np of tho cathedral ni th "ingcomplcfely (inishrd in fini«, Poíno of Iho doois weii not opened nt tho hour promised, nnd a ciovrd of people pro- vided suth tickets were, li pt waiting in tho churchyard. Even 1 it cr than niño o'eloek, nnd svheii tho cnthochal wi« full, vvoikinen yvero still oiR.iged in knocking a-vay temporal y bowlings, and oth"ivvisc completing their wuk. it had boen considered neecs-ar,* to cx clndi) tho publie gcntv.iVy dom the chnreli y-.1tii, and tlio silent and pavement in fiont of the hiiiisei round it ; and there in no doubt that if that liad not been done, it would havo been impossiblo to admit th« eompinv to Iho cntho dt.ll without great disorder. Can ¡ages eitne up in 1'ieh host-), that ono who accomplished tho last half-mile in an hour did perhaps as well fti most people. Thcro was, probably, no better p'aeo for ob- taining a favorable vie.vv of tho pioccssion than tho fiont of the eath-dral. Let tho render like his ?.tanti with us in tho gallely oitti-ido that edifico, just nbovo tho vivs'oin entrance, and let us sav wh it we sec. It is a gallery, or bal- cony, which tho passer-by may hardly observe, but it f»)irings into inipoituneo on Mich an occa- sion as this. It is 10 o'clock in tho morning, ns %vp %\ ilk up tlic geometiieil staiicnse, nuil stop out upon til« b.doony, to look upon n ¡.ceno ali (»nil.- singu lar mid o\\( iting. A 111.1t t of comineieo lins he eonio n, fin is ni. St. I'mil's is iiwstul. In thoenelosuie liefoir us Queen Anno looksdo%\n unconscious upon n gunid of honour, nt pioent | waiting alunit in gi nu ps, ns anldiois do, theil anns pilot! neal the biilu*tiades. Tlieio is n eleni Mve'pp of io.ul in %ie%%-; tho Bim is behind . i, mid %%'iH he foi the-.« tr,o hottit«, and %%o cm Reo o%oiything ns distinctly ns possible, nil 111"» way to Faiiiugdon-sticct. Yon seo the lo.id %%nv eleni mid impt%\ iib von might see it nt 4 o'clock on n summers morning, but thetoin| conti ist enough on tho pnveiuen'on either side of tho t-t ect Thuio peopl« me jammed ns close as himinii beings rim bo, until the spot%.hoio Liidrrnti'-liill is m'eiseetdl by AMIUÏIM.I mid Civod Innes, beyond %.hieh tho ciowd may not como. The houses se ^n buisling %%ilh people \- moly window is full, and the iiuifhlnii-tUs %%ith henils. Sumo of tho roofs h to ni ol cet thoso %%ho stnnd up*n tho tilca oi lends fiom tho %\ nther. l«3vui\ thing speaks of ' ciowd-tho sti.ct lamps mo left lighted, either beuiiise the laiiiplighti'ifl could not get nt thom to put tin ni out, oi because tiny could not hn%o lighti d timm again. "Wo can hem tho lunn of nu iiuiiimeiiiblo multitudo They aro | as quiet as such a multitude can well lip, but i (.Mily no\% mid then mise theil %vicos to n shout whnii « uno pel sou is in di&ticss;, oi fn>m nn%' «? in-.« must bo ieino%od, oi %.h"n mi unfoitu imto dug lushes along, bewildoied und ulai met! Timm is a ttii among tho soldiuis; they aro | getting into oidei. Tim LI lo Gtinuls lide into Din chilielmud fiom Dean's ymd. Thom ia a / «lipiiftiy bit of pn%ing it tho giitowny, mid onef n'tlioliDis's fill' ; t hu lilli I has illili lou rsiiipe, I but, tlnmgh evidently much aliiikon, bp is not ' m,( lidh hull, and, like n Koldicr, ho moulin agiiu and pioeei ds upon his duty. A hut of infinity now npproiuli, advancing I up l.ud,Mto-hill in singlo nie, ono Mo on onehl KIIIU of limul i cut. Tlio tiain ecoins inteimin tiblo. Tlioy jinss tho cliuruh, and oli-ar off ia an eiwtorly dlioutlon. It is now cloven o'clock. These files ofinf.intrv have ended, and after an« interva1, the general proco sion comes. It is still iniiïtaiy. Some- times theic is .1 succession of gum, sometimes dons» ma'sos of the Guards. At intervals tboie tie the lianda of various icgimcnts. It is vciv st iking, these successive binds; as ono passes hy the ohm oh, and the music dies upon the cn, the mt's of tho next band begin to bo henitl, taking up the wiii. Maioi-Oteiiei.il. his Royal llighno*.s the Duke of Cambiidgo, who comm inda the tioop? employed, is liding about, and giving tho leqtiisite diiettions. Now rome the eights -three Cltolsei pensioners, yveaiing theil mcdills: it is a oom pan- that seem to oscilo geneial inteiest; tho soldiois went past the chinch-the pensionéis go in. No\t, tho "ono soldiei fiom every logiinent,"-in inteiesting giotip. Tho pio cession now begins to bo ono of cn i ¡ages and motuning coailits: and tho tune consumed in setting doiy n then oc« a-iants attho dorn s makes (ibis part of the pioeeoding rathei tediou-i The Slientiy cauiages nppioach, but they aie h.udly in keeping svitli a funeral ptocer-sion : theil gay decot.itions requite some signs of mourning about thom on such an occisión. Tho Speaker is theic in his qniint state cii riago; and tho Lot d Mavoi in that cipncious I vehicle of his which, after all, the citizens ha-ve seen in pior-essi.m lu Nbvembet bcf.i'e. Now como tinco Boyal cauitigea, with tltoso noble hill s"s yvhii h if is a 11 eat to seo tho thn d ein ¡age brings Pi ince Albeit. A Ve cannot seo him, but the saluto as ho pissed the ti oops pro- claims hisp escnee We miss the fo'eign batons but it is beeiuse they aie can ¡ed in closed mourning coaches AH eyes nnsv watch foi the I fiuiei.il car. Itisdiavvn by twelve black boises, tineeabreast, anilcoiuedwithvelvet.piesenling such a d nk foiegioiind that we can h.udly see vv bother the cn is di.ivvn by liol ses or not. Tho cat is du von in at the chuichy.u c1 gates, .md di awn up in fiont oftliogteatvvostoiiidoor; tho lolations of tlio Duko ate set down at the ¡ side entianco. Aftci them follows tint touching sight-the hot so led aftci the biet of itsmastci. Theio «-till lemiiiis a s-eiy inlet estitig piscigo OfTieeisanil men from es civ legiment in the seivico match past Tho chinchvaid fiom the entrance up to tho cn is cleaied ; the coflin is theio bofoiealt eyes; thn Duke of O imbiidge, the Commande!, stands nt the gate with his svvoid di awn in h s hand, and the men who lcpiescnt the whole anny of longland mai oh slowly and sadly by. There has not been a nioio stnking oi effective cir cumstanco in tho pioceedmgs of the dny. The sold tel s seem lo bo impiessed with tho situa- tion. It is tho final token of i everencc foi their | depai ted chief. It is i endci ed in solemn silence. It closes the pioecssinn, with the exception only j that the oin ¡ages of the Sovei eign licio most appropi lately follow Tim fl.lHEDRAI.. It is, of com se, impossible to gi.'c any idea of tho simple and magnificently bild proportions of this gi eat Oluistian temple to those %vho ha\'o not seen it, or some a'unil.nr building by which they can foim astandaid of eonipm ison : still less %vas ita aspect ye-terd iv capable of being lendeiod to stiangeis by any %%-oid-pnint ing. Even thosa win best know the building, which the genius of Wion lins made the archi tectmal c'ief d'« uvro of London, could scarcely have recognised it without a little pieparation as it then appeared. A faint twinkling c'ucb't of gas jets inn lliekeringly lound bv the base of the gieat dome, lighting up tho limbs and fcatuies of tho aetois in the hugo subjects painted on tho cone wa wa Is above, and seem- ing to endue them w ith a doubtful life. In a line ? ' . bnso of tho domo, and stretching from cap ml co capital of tho pilasteis%%hich in equal paitition uni]: out the w'.nlls of na%'e and tian sept throughout tho length and brendth of St. Paul's, the same simple but mo't effective deco- ration w.is called into use and lighted the bas _tho semi, ¡nuki íoof %%'ith a line of blight file. S.veening round the aiea ci%-ercd by the dome, a giand circle of seats lose fiom the Hool to tho liutliest a%-aila!)lo height in the leni, spioading fu into tho transept in leccding io.,-., and coming abiuptly to a space of nut mole than fun ni five ions deop, %vheie (he blond pillais at the end of the m.'o cut off its Im thei exten- sion. Tho flioi of the na%'o %%as co. ei.'d %\ith black b li/c oi cloth, and nt c.ieh sido %%'is n long bench, extending fiom the mti uico lo the eil cul u .non undei the dome, hi hind which ios*, for the space of tinco oi foin feet, %v,iolen pnrt'tnm, deeoi.ntfd, at ¡utci vik of two or tinco feet, bv e-eutcheons ol the late Puke, on black satin %%itli wh le boidcis. Behind this paitition weio Htuatod the seit» intended foi the mihtiir mil m%al oflieeis pic-ont at the ou oniony, placed tiei above tiei, so ns to com nimil a %iow of the piocession to the AMI. 0%'ei tho %\;*-.tein euii.mee und tho sides of the ti mst'pt weio g.illeiies, which %%'eic %eiy (.p'cdily filled by pnvi'ogol tick t holdois. The s"nts at ea"h eide of tin oigm %%'eie also 010%'ded, and tlie cxpui'e of homln**. lesoiVtd foi pcicsses and the ii ft ¡end«., %\bich spieid dom the oig.in-loff almost to the llxn of the men, were occupied b-, ladies, must of whom %veie in deep momning. In tile eentio rf the men beivath the dome was placed a fi uno about 8 feet high, by tho sam-* length, and bv a blendth of ö feet, cn%rcied with black cloth, and simo s°nts on hassocks %%'c'ie au nigel lound it, of tho sim > colom, %vith white boid-rs Dil elly in t'loccntic of the south . n! eucum'eieiice of t'ie me , %v i*. fhelthe sent of the Loid Cbaneclloi. liehind his Loid 'hip's scatweio flu pitéis lesuvul foi tho lions'of Louis To Iii ii light on the south cast sid., of th ici vic o lb pinces lest i veil foi the gtnoial , ind ollur high ofli Us of our servite. Oppiif-» to the Lout C li met Hot s (han vv is pi cid that of the Sptiktt of the House of Commons and humid it wtio the suits lesctvtd I u mombo! s of that honoi ablo body On tilt left of the Commons « tho cor/»* ihplomntijw On the light of tho Commons W(i » th J ( oipoi ition of the ( ily of London and the ollie i coipf i itions whnh h id sent iepics"iitatives On the light of (he i n po ition» was tht di put ntl in finn the Univci stv of Cnnbiidgo wbili, dncttly opposite to them on tilt o hei side and on tho li >> ol the Loids eime the do mt ition fiom th » Uimci-ity d Ostini It wis ititi mini i fitstthattho four lows m fi ont nu tit'i stdo of the liaso sh mid bo occttpi d by militai r and nuv ii ofli ors but tho pfiugglo to gi t ni it flieenlj pi f of tho morning yv is so gloat, that (hi lints of led md hint, woio somevvh it biokui m upon, and diicisilitd by Wick and while At fit st tho guioi ii ¡mpiession kft hy Iho seen vv is i athel mid ind unsilisfittoi v 1 he soits vvuo n it quite filled The t mpirniv po ptilatton ol the cafliedial was shifting and fit ul, ind sntno oe isionalsiinhetiininthoriiiipiii.il tho tfittt of tho gis lllummnti n 'fin s pishing mt! left oí the otc is on hiwovti soon oy ti timo the influence of ill suth luv ni thaw links As theiyoga/cd Ibu pictuio was filling with eyuy colot and with cvoty touch of ait It glow bom a mac black, gaunt skcli ton liaiucwoikof wood and stott« and soml«-o fu th and lu ids, hghtt d by scipuituic gas ids into a va.t domo, with yvtdt spieadmg anns and wings, yv hitit cmbiaeed within it ginsp all tint this gi eil ompiie tan ptoduto of gtiuus, i elenco, ai (I stUcsmmship Kioni the time the doois woio opened-ibout HI veno clock-thiiiinnboi s continued touiiunso vii_> laptdlv, and as tho anangeiiii nts foi ting down tho visitón, excellent and cxtinsivo as tin y yyoro, did not mut ti cn uigciinB*, in my of tin in loft flint ciniigtsiind wtilkid to the (nthcdial Tho caih morning was dill», yvmdy, and wit, bul, willi line go d fin I une foi such a tuno of Iho y tai, tbesi^ht sccis m tho «(nols woio fivoud with lino wcallui, fir it ck ii« d up as the day ad vincid, though ¡i bitmg told wind, vilmh whistled down tho wtstein intrani < ulong Iho ñivo, MUÍ i bing tho y ti y bones ol the spteta tots, i timm1 ti tin ni foitibly and unttasingly that it vins in J tujish autumn outside Main i put bundi dtl itfs ovti tin n li ids, nnd at lie-t the cn'd became so intense that most ni Hu pul sons in tho buk of the II ive wen loinpclled to put on thin hits, no1 wit list milling Iho sailed (hamel«*! of ti t-pi ice Tho old j,( nu als with | Into nullttty pun ttial I), wcte ntuoiiL, Hu eat hist ni i iv ils, mid the quiitoi of the a i i ti) pi > ptinltd to Ihoin w is lill« «1 vnr sp« dily 'I h old admn lis vicio eqll illv OMI t and i vuv eve m tho citnodtal was soon diitttul lo that qiinibr vv bei o oi dots, stitts nbands andciossts, glitti ung on bii'dit scultt and blue, told ni men y l»n had s ivtd thtii^ countiv mid hid fought bj tho side of tho giont wiunoi whose itmatns woio approaching their last h mo Sir C Namoi, with his tij,lo lace, moving .tidly al rug fiom tho effttts of hu old wound«, -his In of her, bit William, with a finmu, if possible, still moro shutlorod by ball and puifo tatcd by bayonet,-Loi (Idough, with his nublo [soldurii'o bearing, Loid Seaton, Lind Com- bermere,, Sir James M'Dounül, Sir A. Wood - foi H, Sir W Cutt m-tticsu and ni m v othor gallant veterans ciJlcd ones mind buck to tue days %vhen Wellesley led lus ill piovidcd levies agmnst tho disoipllHs.il bittali >iib of th j gi cat Cmpo 01 and t night a goncmtion of sildicis %T1IO uovct among trs the %va% to in m r Aboat 10 o'clotl tito Dul * do Bubant ind the Comte do 1 lmdrcs sons of tho King of the BJginns enteicd the erith dinl They %%ero diessed m the unifoii lof then is.sp etivo îcgi monta ti ti Guides and Lancen md %%cio at- tended b> C loncl le ( ointe da Mot i kel-.e Comic ile Brun and Su R Cuswcll J lu young Puncos who itt n ted a good de il o ittcntion took up then p'ace-, in the left ampin i thentie Som artciwards the moni) is of tin TI use of Commons-beg in to irxil c thou .ip,- uniiec in dctiehni nts as bont nltei but i nvo%cd them to 1'id's Stun Ahni-t tho luot %%h) walked up tlj* nn%e w ni Mi nuine a c imp in led by Su J \Vilinesh> At deven o clock manj lion niemliais had taken tin ii pi ices iniong whom vcio fen I Gi ilmm bu C Wood Mi Kcigh Mi Oilahut. Mi Swift a-id ninny othu-i ; and meanwhile ns evei% minute pissul the mass of unit urns gie» donsei and bnghtci ti tho eve as the %% ueis climbed up fiom (he flooi of tho n i%e an 1 took then plies in the fiont sents abn.o %%hieh %%oie filled m i line not vciy min h hi ken tinco oi fun dei) bom end to end both sides of the pn sages %vilh tho offieoi-, of e%n% blanch of the s mee As tin sunlight shot obliquilym th'tiugh tho %%indlws and cast its rays d iwn thioni^h tho amber colored bla/o of the g is it eil with %v ndciful cllcet on Iho %aned hues to bo M ti in the boelvof tho c ithe (led llcio %-eio tho geneials nil stallet mid gold (lifted with nduinals m bino and %%lnt , then the divers! led uniforms of tho upicsen titi%es of fircign pow(iir wlipie Count Wa loirski displa% ed tho iiiufoi ni of 11 mice though 'our old nil. Austin %%ns absent, ngam the sabla of peire and commons, the i ed and pinpin of tho coip nations, tho bl ick lobes and led ind %vhito huods of the univci sit) deputn tions and the- immense amy of fie i n-iing pdoaftu pile ml ihmiiiishng into nieie specks in the distan *e 1 nonth the aiches of tho uppei gnllei les At 11 3 > the militan, bands outside sti nek up a di ad nuich which thor pla) ed at inten ils ti I tin piocc-sion nopioached and tho fiinci ii Uli tolled holunnl), blending %%nl the stnins oftheimiMc mniouinfulmu«in At 11 *15 also the &3 Ch r-cn pensoneis hiving blnck wands in their Linds matched into ti e navo ni t.vo lines and, %rh cling lound -e.t do%%-n on the send beneath the iowb of o beera The pon follo%vs seemed tn ed cn nigh mil with tho st ndiness of old «-oldieis, %%ho lad seen too much of tlie %%oild to cale for any thing the) scucoly 1 ioked at tho spiel did prepmations mound them 1 ho% %%eio foi lo%%ed by bha men selected fiom evei) regí mont ni the service which lud t iken pirt n the pioccssion In quiet succession follo.vid, in gioup«, tha v at lons I odies assisting at the cciomrniai fi m tho Hoiao Guaids to tin Gtthedial Olhcets of the nimv of tho navy of % »nous foiogn soi % ices-the great Minasteis ofStato and the judges moved slow 1) o maid» filling np the »ave ivith n, rich stieun of eoler on which tho c)e r st ed with fatigc*, while every u"ccssion added to the mtuest of tho scone Hie pro cssion onteicd in the oui r wludi had boen observed thiougllont As ene-h fl ig nnd guidon was cm ned on the aren of the plaoo wheieon the coflin was to ho, it was planted in due oidei I v tbc berner Thi Commons, imbi v headed by tho Spe ikcr, moved to th"ir places; among th^so pte=ent, in additi. n to those aheidy n.uweil, were Mi. Disraeli, Sir J. Pakington, Mr. Beics'bid, Mr. Christopher, Mr. Walpole,, and ab mt 300 other bon. gentloinen. Next cime the Loids pictcded by the Lord Chancellor, in state. Among theinweie the Kail of Dolby, the Aichbisliop of Canterbury, the Kail of Mihiiesbuiv. tibe Eui of Culisle, the Duke of Aigyll, Eivl Pt. Gcimans, the Bishop of Osfoid, the Ix'shup of Winehestei, Lord Melville, the Bishop of London, Lind Bioughton, tho Duke of Newcastle, Lonl Lyttleton, Lind Cnmplvll, the Kail of C.u dig.in, «fee. The ÎUini*tets inovcl lound and took their phci s at the light hand side ol thd .nea m fiont of tho Loi J". Mi. Di-i.ieli iv is seated between Mi. Christopher and Mt. iieicsloid. Then cunio tho Mmsluls ami Goneials of Sjiii'ii, Tîu-îa, Pu-ssin, Poitug.il, the Nethoilands, and ILinover, in theil gin go HIS unifoims, moving slowly onvy..ids lovv.uds the .nea, amid the i-tiiiins of sail music, (ill they f lined ¡n two glittet¡ng columns a ounil the lüsting-pliceof the bier. At a qumti-i pi't 12 tho Bishop of London and Dean of Pt Paul's, heading the eletgy a.id the clioii, pi ocer- ded up the nive fiom the organ to the cullane« lo lecoivetlu lemaiiisof tliogieatDuke. Clothed in white v ith black bands and sashes, the pio cossion, thus hcidcd, moved in two «.hearns of two und two fh'ough the dignified ¡md richly at tiled assenib! ige, till they halted al the dom, whole they dicw np in culinim font deep. A consido!able delny took placo in tciii.iving the collin fiom the fnneial cur, which tended some- what to impair the cileet of tho solemn cotrino ni.il. Foi nor lynn hour this unto» aid stop pago excited tho ansicty of the speetatois, win could not undei-.tiiid the cui-onf it; but.it length theio %%ns n uuiveisal hush, and, as if they %veiu mo%ed bv ono mind, the whole ol the v.cst ns- emblnge -tooti upi'i ii -p^cUfiil gi ¡of, as the coffin which contniiud the rem uns of tho gieit Duke app-aicd i i si'lit, pieoeded lu the elmii with ni 'i-uicd tiead a-, they c'um'ed the beginning of tin» bunal sónicos by Di Ctoft. When the collin was bin ne in, th'i wind slii.ed the fi ithui of the mush-d's li it p'need unon the lid, and pmduceil mi ind'-enbnblv 831 low ful < licet, in giving an. nil ni 1 ghi ami plas ful bf« to that %%lu;!u al %%as dead And tim-, with the homt-e um of tho multitude without ai they -tuv theil hsl o' Ailhii', Duko of "Wellington, willi tho gi mil and touching seniceso' oui clnuclisoundingMIOIIUIIV llunugli thu a elie idiiino and aisles of the noble, elim eli -%\ iib the gh-tening eve and hu-hed br ith nf m mv .1 gallant as %%ell as of nimv a gentío sail in that vast multitude-%.;th the bell till- ing solemnly the knell of the di pu ted, t ilu n up by the voi -e ol the distant cannon, amid the quiet w iving of buniol ni and fl.ic, sur r mnded by all tho gicatncss of the land-with all the pomp and glories of hoialdic a hieve ment, e cocheen, and device,-his bodv %%-as borne up St. Paul's Jj At 1.10 the eifl'm %vas slid off thomovenlilii c ni ¡ago in which it bul boen conveyed up the na% n to tho ti ame in the centio of tho ni cn under tho dome, which, ns oin leaden hive been in'oiined, was placed almost dueetly ovel the tomb of Nelson, which lies in the ciypl below. Tho in.iishal's hat and swoid of tho deceisid woie lemovcd fiom the coflin, and in thi'u placo .i du, al coro- net, on a velvet ciuli!,ni, was sub-tilnted. Tho fuicign Mai nil tis .uni (Jenoinls stood at the head or the Kiffin ; at the south side of it stood his I!n%,il llighui's rumo Albeit, with his luton of Lfielil Mai Mini in his limul, mid nttiicd in full unilbim, st nilling ,i little in ad- vance of anumeious-lairof ofliceis. At each Milo nf tho cofl'uiwue Biitish geneials, who had ai tod .is pall-bemem Aftei the psalm and anthem, the Denn read with gie.it solemnity and impio-sie-cne-s tho lesson, I Coi , w. ¡JO, which was followudä by the " Nnne dimittis," anda diige, with the following woids set to ninsic bv Mi. Goss; "And the King said to all the propio that were with him, ' llund ) oin clot lies and gild you with Piiekclntli and mom II.' And the King liiinsilf follo%\'ed the bur. "And thoy biniiil him. And Hie King lifted up his vfiice and wept at the giavc, and all the propio wept. " And theKnigKiidimfo his w>i vnnfs, ' Kiuwv yo nut thal theio is a 1'iiiico mid n gieat ninn fallen this d i% in Isiacl '{" And now1 carno tlioiollofiiiufilod drums, and the wailing notes of Inn n and comet, and the collin sli.w ly sank into the civpt amid the awful tti.ilns of Handel's "Dead Match." Tho ducal clown disippi'.'itoil with its gorgeout suppoit, and in theeentto ol' the gunip of geneials and l.obleswas left a dink elias M, into viliieh ovoty eye g1 meed sadly (lown, and all knew iiuletd thal ti Prince and a groat min bud thal, day gone fiom 1 siael. The iciiiitii.ilig poilions ol' tho funoinl hoivice urie then peifoimed The eongicgation wein Mien íequostod lo join in the ii'hponsis t'ltho Liid's Pi ay. i ; and tho ell'ect of many thousand voices in deep iiiiiitinn io pouting tho win (Is itftei tim full enunciation of | tho Dean VTas intensely nfleoiiig, "lils lio ly Ishnrliil In in« mo, "Hut his nimio llTcth (»»oitnurn," fiom Handel's funeral anthem, was then most iifieclivolv pel formal by the nhulr. Anil then Oartir King at Anns, standing ovor tho vault, Ipioelaimod the titles and ni deni of tho deceased, " whom Heaven wiinpleasul in take fiom us:" Arlhui Wellesley, ho »aid, w«a the Most High, Mighty, and Mo-t N bio Priivo, Duk« of Wel- lington, Marquis of Wellington, Marquis of Douro, Earl of Wellington, in SomoiRot, Vis eoant Wellington of Talavera, Baron Douro of Wellesley, Prince of Waterloo, in the Nether- lands, Dalco of Ciudad Rodrigo, in Spain,.Diike of Bvnnoy, in Franco, Duko of Vittoria. Mar- quis of Torres Vedr.is, Count of Vimiora, in Por- tugal, a Grandee of the First Class in Spain, a Privy Councillor, Commander-in-Cluef ol' the British Anny, Colonel of tho Grenadier Guards, C'olon«>lof tho Rifle Brigade, a Fie'd-M.nr.shalof '"jreat B-itain, a Marshal of Rus-ia, a Marshal of Austria,, a Marshal of Franco, a Marsha-1 of PniBsioi a Marshal of Spain, a Marshal of Por- tugal,.a Marshal of the Netherlands, a Knight of tin G niter, a Knight of tho Holy Ghost, a I Knighfof tho Goldn Fleece, a Knight. Grand Cross of'tlie Bath, a Knight Grand Cro-s nf! Hanover.a Knight of the Black 15 nie, a Knight I of the Tower mid Sword, a Knight of St Fer- nando, .a Knight of William ol the Low Cmn tric'B, a Knight o-f Charles III., a Knight, of the Sword of Sweden, a Knight of St. Andi-'.v of Rus-in, a Knight of tho Ann itnciado of Sardinia, a Knight.- f the Elephant of Denmark, a Knight of M uia Theresa, a Knight of St. Goorge-of Ru--i.j, a Knight of the Cro%vn of Ruo of Saxony, a Knight-of Fidelity of Baden, a Knight of .Maximilian Joseph of Bavaria, a Knight ol'St. Alexander Nowley of Russia, a Knight of St.. Uermeiiegiidn of Spain, a Knight of tho Red Ragle of Br.nndenTiurgh, a Knight of St. .lamia- i rill», a Knight of" the Golden Lion of 17es«e Cns-el, a Knight of the Lion of Haden, a Knight of Merit of Wurtemberg, the Lord High- Con- stable of England, the Constable of tho TW- er, the Constnblo of Dover Castle, W.n d.en of the Cinque Ports, Chancellor of the Cinquo Ports, Admiral of the Cinquo Poits, Lord-Lieutenant 'if Hampshire, Lord-Lieutenant of the Towoi' Hamlets, Rangen of St. James's Park, Ranger ofllydc Park, Chancellor of the Univoi sity of j Oxlbid, Conimis College, Vico-Pfc-sident of the Scottish- Naval and- Military Academy, the Maxtor of" the Trinity-house, ¡i Governor of King's College, a Doctor of Laws,. &c.; Then the lato Duke's comptroller having broken in pieces hii -taff of office in the house- hold, handed it to tho Garter King at-Arms, who cast tho fragments into the vault. The. choir and ehoins sing the hymn, "Sleepers awake!" and the Bishop of London, standing I bv the side of tha Lord Chancellor, pronounced the blc.-sing, which concluded the ceremony. And thus wau buried with all state- and1 honor, the gieat Duke of Wellington. TUB itrri'iiHN. "While the-service was proceeding in the ea- I thcdr.il, the funeral car was drircn-oir in the direction whence it came. On tho conclusion of the service, at a quarter before three o'clock, Prince Al&ert-left; the ca- thedral, and %vns escoitod homo- by a party of the Guard*. Tho rest of the assemblage then took their departure. The streets were much crowd, d for a while, but the length of timo that the people had been oub, tended soon to lessen their numbers. The St Katliiuino, Londbn, West India, and East India Docks ansl' Regent's Canal, wero all closed. The Union Jack wn^htn'sti d hilf-inast high on tho pier-head of each dock, and by the shipping of all nations, in tho vari- ous (Sicks, and we observed the tii-colour half-mast on several French ships. The great bell of St. Dunstan'8, Stepney, began tolling at minute intervals at twelve o'clock. The list minute gun announced that the tomb had clo-ed over all that was moital of th" illustrious w,.irior The bolls of all tho chinches in the Tower Hamlets wero tolling at minnie intervals I brough..ut the day Nine tenths of the« shops woie entirely elos d, and the icst partially so. The blinds of the private houses woio down, and tho shufteis elo.ed in all directions. Minks of lopeet to the memoiy of tho Grea Duke woio also jnid in an especial manner tin«mghoiit the c «nntry, and eveiy ])lnco of inipoitanee has been emulous in imitating, as fat as poVible, tho manifestations of the metió polis. 