THE LAW OF DIVORCE. Oue contemporary the Uerali introduces, an article on the question of ' Divorce' by the following excellent extract from a judg ment delivered in 1790, by Sir. William: Scott : — - ( 'For though in particular cases the repugnance of the law to dissolve the obligations of Matrimo nial obligation may operate with great severity upon individuals j yet it must be carefully remem. bered that the general happiness of the married life is secured by its indissolubiliti/. When people, understand that they must live together, except for a few reasons known to the law, they learn to soften by mutual accommodation that yoke which they know they- cannot shake off; they become good husbands and good; wives ; from the necessity of re-, maining. husbands and wives ; for necessity is a powerful master in teaching the duties which it imposes.. If it were once understood that upon mutual disgust married persons might be legally, separated, many couples, who now pass through, the world with mutual comfort,, with., attention, to. their common offspring and to the moral order of civil society, might have been at this moment livirg.. in a state of mutual unkindness — in a state of es-. trangement from their common offspring — and in a. state of the most licentious and unreserved immo-. rality. The happiness of some individuals must be, sacrificed to the greater and more general good.'- Now this very judgment is founded; on. the indissohibility of the bond of Marriage, and we are not a little surprised that our. .serious aud church-going contemporary .snould; take this very judgment as a text to, support one of the post demoralising and. injudicious legal abuses ever introduced into, any country, that 'of granting divorces' from, the indissoluble bond of marriage, if' . once va idly contracted. We are inclined to think the writer of the article iu the. Herald never studied this important ques-. . tion in all its bearings, nor; carefully ex-. ? amined the decissive doctrine as laid down, in the Gospel by the Divine Lawgiver of 1 the New. Testament. For had he done so, so far from looking for a 'Law of Divorce' amongst us^ he would deprecate the attempt as the dead iest blow ever aimed ac the peace and happiness of conjugal fidelity iu Australia. Divorce or separation, d mensa et thoro from bed and board, has been practised and allowed in every age from the promulgation of Christianity, for certain grave reasons, and after mature investigation by the proper authority, but a ' Divoroe' a vinculo , matrimonii, a dissolution of the bond of marriage, so as to a low one or either party to contract a second marriage during the life- time of the other, waa never granted in any Christian State until the period of the religio politico Revolution of the 16th century, miscalled the ' Reformation.' Luther as the head and chief of the lie formation gave- permission, in the plenitude, of his supreme ecclesiastical authority, to the Landgrave of Hesse to. take a second wif® irith^. lifetime of bis Jawful wife.. Henry VIII, in. the plenitude of his royalty and s lust, procured for himself from a cowardly: ?and time serving parliament some half-dozen divorces, and took unto himself sundry wives, in the life-time of his lawfully wedded Queen, Catharine of Aragon. In these countries where the doctrines and practices of the sacrilegious friar and ; of the licentious Monarch have been preached . and adopted, the Legislatures 'have attempted to ' reform' the Divine Law promulgated and established by Christ, our Lord, and have accordingly from time to time passed human ordinances, permitting those to, be divorced whom the Christian., Law declares should not be divorced, for it is. said, ' Whom God hath united let no man put apart.' Even in the judgment above given from /Sir William Scott, it is there laid down by the.learned Judge ' that the general happiness of married life is secured by its iridissolubiliiy , ? . ? JNTd doubt, in some cases great individual hardship will have to. be endured from this rigid law as to the ' indissolubility' of the bond of marriage once validly contracted, but as Sir William Scott justly observes, ' jjhe happiness of some individuals must be sacrificed «to the greater and more general good.' But it is not by the decisions of the Judges of the land, or by the ordinances of human legislation, that this great question, the very basis of Christian morality, of con jugal fidelity and public morals, is to be fully decided, but by the authority of Grod him self, ..who first united man and wife under the indissoluble bond of marriage in Para dise, and by the further injunction of Christ, who restored Marriage under the New Law to its primitive indissolubility. Let us then study in the Divine Law Book how stands this case : — . ' The indissolubility of marriage arises both from the nature and end of marriage, and alsi- from the express law of Almighty God, as Bishop Hay remarks. . ' This appears manifest whether marriage be considered as a natural contract, a3 a civil con tract, or as a sacrament. .. The nature and end of marriage, as a natural contract, is. — To be the means ordained by nature itself, for the propaga tion of mankind, and the proper education of the 'children. That the married people, united in this bond, may be a mutual help 'and comfort to one another during their mortal pilgrimage. Thus God himself declared at the beginning 'It is not good for man to be alone, let us make him a help like unto himself,' Gen. ii. 18, and with this inten tion the woman was created. Now, it is manifest, that,' on both these accounts, the nature of marriage requires that its bond be indissoluble ; for man ?differs from all other creatures when he first comes into the world in this, that, whereas other animals require very little attention from the sire, the mother alone, for the most part, being sufficient to nurture them up till they can do for themselves, and that in' a very short time ; man, on the con 'trary, in his infancy, requires the whole attention of both father and mother ; of the mother to tend and nurse him, and of the father to provide * all necessaries both for mother and child. The necessity continues in different degrees, for a ?series of years before the child can do any thing for his own sustenance and when reason begins to dawn, the child then requires the redoubled atten-' tion of both parents for educating him properly, ' whether as a man, a citizen, or a Christian. .Now, if the bond of marriage could be dissolved, and it were in any case lawful for married people to become free, the passions of men would never be at a loss to put or suppose themselves in that case ; and then a door would be opened, not only to the destruction of children both as to -their subsistence and education,; but likewise to debaucheries, and an .universal corruption of manners, chat must be of infinite prejudice to the multiplication of man kind, which, is the end of marriage. .Besides what kind of solid comfort could the married people have iii each other, if their marriage, was not indisso luble? It is this indissolubility oLmarriage which : makes the parties enter wich all their heart into the views-of their mutual interest. It is this which invincibly fixes their affections on their common ; concerns. It is this which, gives a permanency to their love for one another. In a word, the indisso lubility of marriage is the greatest incentive to; make them bear their crosses, and put up with any ; thing disagreeable in each other's tempers, and ; ?carefully to avoid giving any just handle of discon tent to one another. They are joined together for , better and for worse, they are married, and can no, more be separated while life remains; therefore they must make the best of it they can, and content' themselves. But, on the contrary, if the bond o( marriage were dissoluble, it would at the bottom/ differ nothing from the state of concubinage, and be attended with all its bad consequences. ? ' If next we consider marriage as a civil contract, its indissolubility is no less manifest; for the good and happiness of the state being the end of marriage as a civil contract, this end could not be procured if the bond of marriage was dissoluble ; because children aban doned and neglected, endless dissensions in families and confusion about the division of their ? property, being the natural consequences of the dissolubility -of marriage, must necessarily be a source of great misery to human society. Lastly, The indissolubility of marriage, con sidered as a aacrameht, appears from the idea the scriptures give us of it in this view: For the sacra ment of marriage among Christians, is, by appoint ment of Jesus Christ, a sacred sign and symbol of his indissoluble union with his church ; and on this account, St. Paul insists upon thist as the most powerful motive to engage the married people to love one another ; because as the bond of their marriage union is a symbol of the union of Christ with his church, they ought, therefore, to imitate the conduct of Jesus Christ and his church, in their behaviour to each other. ' The husband,' says he, ' is head of the wife, as Christ is the head of the church ; therefore, as the church is subject to Christ so let the wives be to their husbands in all things. Husbands, love your wives, as Christ also loved his church ... .So ought also men to love their wives as their own bodies. ? He that loveth his wife loveth himself ; for no man ever hated his own flesh, but nourished and cherished it, as also Christ doth the church ; for we are members cf his body, of his flesh, and of his bones : for this cause shall a : man leave his father and his mother, and shall stick - to his wife, and they shall be two in one flesh. This i is a great sacrament ; but I speak in Christ and in his church,' Eph. v. 23. Now, al! this reasoning of the apost e would fah to the ground, and have no effect, if marriage, as a sacrament did not necessa riy require to be indissoluble ; as the sacred union between Christ and his church, of which Christian marriage is the symbol, can never be dissolved. Al1 this is further confirmed, from the idea the scripture gives us of the nature of marriage ; for there we are assured, that married people are. ' no longer two but one flesh ; ' and this the Ho'y Ghost declared at the begining by the mouth of Adam. It is repeated again by Christ as t'.e grounds of the indissolubility of marriage, and is used by St. Paul for the same purpose, who also declares, that husbands ought ' to love their wives as their own bodies ;' that in ' loving his wife he loves himself,, and cannot hate her without hating his own flesh.' All which manifestly shews the indisso'ubility of marriage from its nature, and from the identity which it produces among married people making them one flesh. ' This also rests on the most solid testimony of the word of God ; for, this was the original ordinance of God at the beginning, when he instituted mar riage in paradise ; for, when he presented. Eve to our first father Adam, Adam, by inspiration of the Holy Ghost, said, ( this now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesa . . wherefore, a man shall leave father and mother and shall cleave to his wife, and they shall be two in one flesh,' Gen- ii. 23, which words our blessed Saviour brings to prove the in dissolubility of marriage by the law of God, at its first institution ; and then he renews the sama in disso'ubility of it among his followers, saying, ' what, therefore, God hath joined together, let no man put asunder,' Matt. xix. 6. Where he plainly declares, both that the bond of marriage is the work of God, and that no man can break what he has so tied. And when it was objected to him on this oc casion, that Moses allowed a man to put away his wife, and marry another, he replied, by declaring, that this was merely permitted to the Jews, by Almighty God on account of the hardness of their hearts ; but immediately assures us, that ' from the beginning it was not so,' verse 8; which again proves that marriage, at its original insiitutkm, was by the Liw of God, indissoluble.1 . , '.Jesus Christ being to raise the contract of mar riage to the dignity of a sacrament among his fol lowers, in order* '.to enable them to perform the more sublime and exalted dutias which - his 'holy religion required from married ipeople, and to ordain it as a sign of his indissoluble union with his church, was pleased to abrogate all permission given to the Jews of dissolving marriages, and of marrying others while their former partners were alive, and positively pronounces this law, ' what God hath joined together, let no man put asunder,' Matt, xix 6. After his public con versation with the Pharisees on this subject, ' In the house, again, his disciples asked him concerning the same thing, and he said to them,' in these general and unlimited terms, 'Whosoever shall put away his wife and marry another, committeth adultery against her. And if the wife shall put away her . husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery,'' verse 10. Which evidently shews, that, by the law of the gospel, the bond of maniage can never be dissolved, but that married people, whosoever they be,' though they live sepa rate from one another's company yet can never be loosed from the marriage tie ; and that if either party so separate from the other, should presume to marry another persdn whilst the former partner is in life, it would be no marriage at all before God but the state of damnable adultery. The same law ?is more particularly repeated by our Saviour on a distinct occasion ; where, after the parable of the unjust steward, and before he began the history for Lazarus and the ' rich glutton, he interposes this declaration : c. Every one that putteth away his wife and marrieth another, committeth adultery : and he that marrieth her that is put away from her husband, committeth adultery,' Luke xvi. 18. Here we see none are excepted, every one includes all universally ; and both parties are in the same case; not only he who puts away his wife and marries another, but also he who marries her who is put away, are equally guilty of adultery : which shews to a demonstration, that, in whatever case the separation is made, the bond of marriage still con tinues undissolved, so that neither party can marry any other without being guilty of that horrid crime. On this clear text St. Augustine writes thus, ' Who are we, then, that we should say, one is guilty of adultery who puts away his wife and marries another ; and another who does the same is not guilty of adultery ? for seeing the gospel says, every one commits adultery who does this, (and consequently a I who do it,) that, is, who putting away his wife marries another, is guilty of adultery ; without doubt both are included, both he who, for any other cause besides fornication, puts away his wife, and he who puts her away for the cause of fornication,' &c.; Lib. 1. Be. adult, conjug. cap. 9. ' St. Paul,- who is doubtless the most infallible interpreter of the doctrine of Jesus Christ, declares the indissolubility ot marriage in the strongest terms, 'The woman that hath a husband,' says he, 'whilst her husband live'th, is bound to the law ; but if her husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband. Wherefore whilst her husband Hveth, she shall be called an adulteress, if she be with another man : but if her husband be dead, she is freed from the law of her husband ; so that she is not an adulteress, if she be with another man,' Eom. vii. 2. See in what express and gene ral terms, without any exception, he declares, that death alone can dissolve the bond of marriage, so as to make it lawful for a married parson to marry any other. In the same manner he declares this to be an express command of God himself, ' but to them that are married,' says he, ' not I, but the Lord commandeth, that the wife depart not from her husband ; and if she depart that she remain un married, or be reconciled to her husband. And let not the husband put away his wife.' 1 Cor. vii. 10. And a little after he concludes, ' a woman is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth ; but if her husband die, she is at liberty ; let her marry to whom she will, only in the Lord,' verse 39. Now what he here lays down, with regard to the wife, is equally binding with regard to the husband, both because the contract is mutual, and the bond of marriage equally the same in both ; and because the apostle affiims, ' that if the wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband ; so in like man neV, the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife,' 1 Cor. vii, 4. 'Now that the indissolubility of the bond of marriage is the 'true and genuine interpretation of all the above testimonies of holy writ, and that this is the true sense and meaning of them intended by the Holy Ghost, always has been, and is the doc trine of the church of Christ, as is defined and declared by her in the great and general .Council of Trent, which, laying down the Catholic doctrine concerning marriage, begings with this very point, in these word's :' The first father of mnhkind .declared the perpetual and .indissoluble /tie :of 'marriage, by the inspiration of; -the ?Holy' Gliostj when he' said,'Ws now is bone of my bones,: and jlcsh of my Jle'sh ; wherefore a man shall, leave his father and mother, and shall adhere to his wife, find ♦ ?' v ? ? ? I ? . , . . . ? ? they shill be two in one fleshy Sess. xxiv. inpnn&p; ' and afterwards declares, that this always was and is taught by., the church of Christ, according to, the doctrine of the gospel and the apostles ; and, there fore, pronounces anathema upon all those who shall say she is mistaken In teaching so : 'If any one shall say that the church is mistaken, in having taught and in teaching, according to the evangelical and apostolical doctrine, that the bond of marriage cannot be dissolved by the adultery of either of the parties, and that both, or even the innocent party, who gives no cause to the adultery, cannot con tract another marriage whilst the other party is alive^ and that he is gui ty of adultery, who putting away the adulteress, marries another, as is also she * who, leaving the adulterer, marries another, let him be anathema,' Sess. xxiv. can. 7. Here1 W6 see the supreme authority in the church of Christ declaring the indissolubility of marriage to be the evangelical and apostolical intt^iMTtatiou of all the above texts of scripture, and o.-uljaitiing all those who teach the contrary. ' When Jesus Christ says, ' whosoever shall put away his wife; except it be for fornication,' and ' shall marry another, committeth adultery,' Matt, xiz. 9 ; does not this exception seem to insinuate, that by the, fornication of either party, the mar riage bond is dissoluble, and that, at least, the inno cent party may lawfully marry again ? ' In answer to this, we must observe, that St. Mark, when relating what passed on this occa sion, makes no mention of this exception, but tells us, that our Saviour^ when in the house with his apostles, declared to them, in general terms, that. ' whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another, committeth adultery against her,' Mark x. 11\. Which clearly shews, that the exception, mentioned by. St. Matthew, is not app icable to the husband's marrying- again, but to the lawfulness of his putting away his wife for any cause but fornica tion on. y. That this text of St. Matthew is .very obscure as it lies, and especially if not compared with the accountgiven by St. Mark, which opens, the door to the true sense of it ; but all the other texts on this subject are clear, decisive, and without all exception, consequently, the true meaning of the Holy Gaost is not to be sought fromthe ambiguous expression of an obscure text, in opposition to so many plaintexts, but its ambiguity is to be explained 1 and its true sense ascertained by those other clear and express texts upon the subject. . If it be sup posed lawful for the husband to put away his wife on account of her fornication, and to marry again, ' as being the innocent party, then either the bond of marriage is dissolved, or it is not ; if it be not dissolved, 'it can never be lawful, even for the. in nocent party to marry ; if it be dissolved, then even j the guilty party can lawfully marry, because no less '? free than the other, and yet our Saviour expressly j says, ' he that shall marry her that is put aw;ay j committeth adultery,' Matt xix. 9 ; which -manifestly-' shews, that even- when she is put away for her guilt, the mar-riage tie remains 'in ;Ls f'uil force. The - chui'ch of Christ has njver u.i.i-jrsrood the above exception as .implying a dis-;.l.iw - i of the bond of marriage, even in the case o? f.r/nicdiion I or. as in any respect favouring the ini-.o-'ut party i and' condemns in the strongest iemn» «r.iose who. teach it does so. ' All these reasons just mentioned demon strate that , it cannot mean that the bond of mar riage is dissolved even by the crime of either of the parties, and consequently it makes nothing against the doctrine oh -the Catholic 'church. Its true meaning, then, isto be sought for from the circum stances in which' Christ spoke it, and from the question to which it was thi- answer. The Pharisees asked our Saviour, ' * Is it lawful for a man to put away his* wife t'6r every cause?' Mace. y.\ 3. liut'ore he gives a direct answer to the quessio.i, he puts-them ,inmind.tliatinarriageatitsiiistittiu.j'ii ,-.. j indissolu ble, and consequently -could not be iVimKcu by any. cause; he then declares, that he, byhis mi, remeautho rity,restores it to this its primitive perfection, and that the infringement made upon it by the Jews' was only, a permission oh account of the luminuss-of their hearts ; after this preamble, he gives a uii'^uc answer ! to their question, in* these words, ? I say to you, who- .: soever shall put. away his wife, except it be for for- ' nication, and shall marry .another, committeth adultery.' This1 sentence contains two parts, first an answer to their question ; secondly a continuation of what he.said in his preamble of the absolute imtis solubility of marriage^ which, he wu* pieas.-: ( to ; join together, rather indeed, in obscuro lenrs. : Their question was, ? ' is it lawful for a1 man to \\-u\ a way his wife for every -cause ? To this he uiimvvmx, : ; No ; it is notla'wful to put away his wife for anyaiuse : ) except fbi\fornic3tion-;(. and he ,who puts heY away '^except for. fornication, committeth adultery,1 by ' being the occasion; of her committing adultery ; bu that none might think that when he puts her away for fornication the tie p: marriage is broken, and' i \- ?'' ? .?! the husband at liberty to marry another, he adds, 'that, even when lawfully put away .for fornication, if the husband ,- shall marry another, he committeth .adultery ?';' an,d - he that shall marry her that is so put away committeth adultery' also.' '' ' This appears to be our Saviour's true meaning ? ' From these reasons, because, as we have proved above, by this sentence, the marriage bond is by no means broken, even in the case of fornication; ' because it follows from this, and we have also shewn abovej that the exception cannot fall upon the in dissolnbility of marriage ; and therefore, must fall upon the lawfulnes of putting awav the wife at all ; and because, in another place, our Saviour says, in express terms, 'whosoever putteth away his wife excepting the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery ; and whosoever shall marry her that is put away, committeth adultery ;' Matt, xix. 9. Where it is manifest, that if the husband plitteth away his wife for any other cause except for fornication, heisdeemed thecause of her future crime, . because the cause for which be puts her away was . not just ; but; if he put her away for fornication, and she marry another, that other is guilty of adul tery, by marrying another man's wife; but the ' husband is free of the guilt, because he had a just and lawful cause for putting her away.' 