ELECTRO-BIOLOGY. To the Editor of the Empire. SIR-On 27th January last, in tho Herald, Mr. Holroyd tells us, that whilst in Egypt he visited I tho Sheykh Abd-el-Kndir El-Moghrabcc, a celebrated magician there. Mr. H.'s orgau of wonder-though doubtless large-was much ex- cited, his belief staggered, but not satisfied, for he says, " It cannot be a matter of surprise, that when nt Cairo in 183G-7-8, I should havo pro- cured Sheykh Abd-el-Kndir El-Maghrabee, the identical magician who produced such extraor- dinary effects beforo Mr. Lane ; to seo Iiis exhi- bition, and endeavour to ferret out the cause by which the results were produced." "I was, and still am, in the profoundest ignorance of bow mid in what manner he caused such startling results." Slr. Holroyd was not singular in being so "startled," hut he must surely bo singular now in being in the "profoundest ignorance" ns to tho " how;'' nnd this is thc moro unpardonable as he has been threeycars in Cairo, and ought therefore to bo acquainted with the most recent information, áüd farther, n.l! the world is in tho secret. The " magie" is in this case so truly ludicrous that you will laugh at the exposure, and Mr. Lane's sister, Mrs. Poole, shall he the iconoclast. "A few weeks ago,1' soys Mrs. Poole, "he (Mr. Lane) was requested by two English travellers, Lord Nugent nnd Major G., to witness tho per- formance of this magician, and to not as inter- preter on this occasion, in order that they might feel themselves secure from any collusion. Out I must give you his own account of the exposure which this request occasioned." " 1 was unwilling'1 ho said, "to accede to tho proposal made to me ; and expressed a reluctance to do so, but I nm glad that I at last consented. The magician fried with two boys, and with both of them ho utterly failed in every case. Iiis excuso was, that the boys were liars, and described tho objects which they saw otherwiso than as appeared to them, that tho feats were performed not by his own means alone, and that ho was not secure from being imposed upon by others. Now, if wo admit that there is such a thing ns real magic, and we know from tho 13iblo that s II oh was onco thc case, wo must allow that, by occasional failures, this man does not shew that he is a true magician, ns long as ho employs an agent upon whose veracity and particular qualifications he asserts thc success of his performances to depend. Partly, perhaps, from feelings of morti- fication, and partly with tho view of upholding his reputation, hy urging what he had done on former occasions, he remarked to mo that he was successful in thc days of Osman Effendi, and that sinco thc death of that person ho had been unfortunate "This was, indeed, for him a'most unfortunate remark. Tho inference to bo drawn from it, that tho person whom ho named was thc main spring of his uinchincry, was inevitable, moro especially when I consider, that in all tho instances of his surprising success of which I had heard, this person served ns tho interpreter; nnd when I further reflected that since his death, which took placo nearly nine years ago, and I lind been assured that hundreds of persons had witnessed tho performances of this magician, I had been nssurcd thnt his successes had been such as could not bo even tho result of luoky guesses, or mere accident, for he lind almost always failed. I was unwilling nt first to boliovo that a porson whom I had always regarded ns an honest man, nnd whom I knew to have been possessed of many excellent qualities, lind con- sented to bo n menus of imposition ; nnd 1 re mcmbored that in tho performances which I had myself witnessed, I ascertained that ho gavo no direction, either by word or sign, that ho was generally unacquainted in these instances with tho personal appenrnnco of tho individual called for, that 1 took care that ho should havo r.o pre- vious communication with the boys, and that I had seen the experiment fail when ho could have given directions to them or to thc magician. Eut tho inferences to he derived in these circum- stances in favour of tho magician, oro surely out- weighed by tho facts whioh I havo mentioned, resting not only upon tho assertion of others, but also upon his own confession. Osman, perhaps, considered it a light matter to practico Buch an nrtifico as this, which is thus imputed to hint, and perhaps ho was unwilling to practico it upon me, or feared roy delecting hun if ho attempted to do so. Besides, if many of thc performances of tho magician had not been fur more surprising than those which I witnessed ho would have gained but little notoriety. I satisfied myself that tho boy employed ina caso which I havo mentioned in my work on thc " Modern Egyptians" was not prompted for tho part ho played, hy my having chosen him from a number of others pnssing by in tho strcot ; and 1 also felt satisfied that tho images which ho and another hoy profossed lo havo seen, wero by some means produced hy tho ink of tho magioian, in consequence of their refusal to accept presents which I offered them, with tho view of inducing thom to confess that they did not really see what thoy professed to havo seen. As to tho former Îoint, I was doubtless right ; but ns to the latter, now feel that I was deceived. I believe that tho boys saw nothing, mid that having deceived mc, they feared to confess tho truth. Another difficulty, howovcr, lies in tho way of tho explana- tion which I have proposed. Two travellers (ono of thom M. Leon Dolaborde, tho other an Eng- lishman), both instructed by tho magioian of whom I nm speaking, aro stated to have succeeded in performing simllnr feats. But is it not almost certain, after what 1 hnvo said, that those feats wero accomplished hy means of tho suggestions of tho interpretor or interpreters. Perhaps tho same person who in- terpreted in the other cases which excited so much aurprlso did so in those also. '« I have staled all that I oan for and against tho magician, and leave it for others to decide upon tho caso. For myEelf I am satisfied Hint his IUCCO'SCS ure to bc attributed chiefly to tho inter preter, r»nd pertly abo to tho leading questions, »nd partly alto to mere guessing. Let ut con- sider these three weans as employed in one of the most remarkable rases. A number of indi- viduals being called for, most of them, perbnps u)l, are correctly described. With the personal appearance of many of these individuals, the in- terpreter is acquainted, nnd ho ir, therefore, ablo to suggest'to tho boy what he should suy. When he lias no previous knowledge of the peculiarities of the appearance of a person called for, it bas often happened that bo has acquired such know- ledge during the performance. Ono of the com- pany, for instance, saying that he will call for such a person, adding that he is remarkable in such and such respects. When thc first means cannot be employed,' much may be done by the second, that is hy leading questions. When a person having hut ono leg, or one leg shorter than another, is called for, lie is perhaps vaguely described, and the boy is in consequence asked if there bo any- thing peculiur in his legs, nnd he probably ven- tures to say that he cnn only seo- ewe log ; then, if this bo 'unsatisfactory, ho may add that the j person has turned round, nnd that ho secs him to bo lame. Tho third means (guessing), without the others, is not likely to be of much service ; but with them it may help to supply trifling de- ficiencies, and when bis guessing is wrong respect- ing a trifling matter, his error is considered tri- fling ; but when he is right, his description is often considered striking for its minute ac- curacy. " Tho last performances of this magician in my presence were ridiculous for their completo want of success. A woman was described as a man, n tall person as short or middle-sized, tho very old ns of middle age, and so on. Two boys were em- ployed ; one was very stupid, and appeared much frightened, the other seemed accustomed to the performance.'' So much for Mr. Lane. In quitting him, one cannot help-wroDg though it be- conjoining his reluctance to accompany Lord N. with Iiis minute knowledge of tho sources of deceit. There is, however, much in Mr. Lane confirmatory of Mr, Holroyd, especially whero there was no cunning there was no success. Turn we now to Lord Nu- gent, a fellow-spectater with Air. Lane, in 1844, of the samo exhibition. He thus writes-" With some difficulty we persuaded Mr. Lane (who was at first reluctant, his authority, and that of Iiis hook, having boon so much used, and beyond what »as just, in support of tho general belief in these effects of magic), to seo along with UH, Abd-e)-Kader, the magician, whoso performances had formerly so much excited his nstoishmcnt, and that of several other Europoans-whose unim- peachable testimony and acknowledged soundness of judgment, had lind grcnt .influence in making tlnn a subject of serious enquiry with others. Wo vero' the more anxious that Mr. Lane should bo with us on this occasion, because we should hnvo in him not only a witness who, from tho impression previously loft on his mind would not suffer us to draw inferences unjustly disfavournblo to tho magician, but who also from his perfect and familiar knowledge, of thc Arabic language, would bo_ nn, interpreter in whoso honour and in whose skill also we might hnvo entire trust. Tho trinl promised much. Tho magician evidently acknowledged in Mr. Lane, a person in whoso estimation ho was eager not to lower tho impressions ho had formerly pro- duced. Tho failures, tho repeated and uniform failures, were not only ns signal, but if possible more gross than those of tho other magician on the previous occasion. It is enough to say that not one person whom Abd-el-Kador described bore the smallest resemblance to tho one named by us ; and all those called for wero of remark- able appearance. All tho preparations, all thc ceremony, and all tho attempts at descrip- tion, boro evidence of a coarse and stupid fraud ns would render any detail of the proceeding, or any argument tending to connect with any marvellous ingenious art or in- teresting inquiry, a mere childish wasto of time. How then docs it happen, that respectable and scnsiblo minds should have been staggered by the exhibition of this shallow impostor. I think that tho solution which Mr. Lane himself sug- gested as probable, is quilp complete. "When tho exhibition was over, Mr.- Lane had some con- versation with tho magician, which ho afterwards repeated lo us. In reply to an observation of Mr. Lane's to him, upon his cn tiro failures, tho magician admitted that ho had been told that ho had ofton fniled since tho death of Osman Effendi. Tho same Osman Effendi, whom Mr. Lane men- tions in his book as having been tho party on every occasion on which ho had been witness to tho magician's art, and whoso testimony tho " Quarterly lleviowcr" cites in support of tho marvel which (searching too deep for what lies vory near indeed to tho surface) it en- deavours to solve by suggesting tho proba- bility of divers complicated optical combinations. And bo it again observed, no optical combinations cnn throw ono ray of light upon tho main difficulty-tho means of producing tho resemblance required of tho absent person. I now give Mr. Lane's solution of tho whole mystery in his own words, mv note of which I submitted to him and o lit ni ned" his ready permis sion to make public in any way I might think fit. "This O.smnn Effendi, Mr. Lnno told me, was a Scotchman, formerly serving in a British regi- ment, who wns taken prisoner hy tho Egyptian army during our unfortunate expedition lo Alexandrin, in 1807. That ho was sold ns n slave, and persuaded to abjure Christianity and profess tho Mussulman faith, that applying his talents to his necessities he made himself useful by dint of sonic little mcdicalknowlcdgo ho had picked up in doing duty in. tho regimental hospital, that ho obtained his liberty nt tho instnnco ol Sheik Abraham (M. IJurckhordt), through tho means of Mr. Salt, that in process of time, lie became the second interpreter at the British Consulate ; that Osman was very pro- bably acquainted by portraits or otherwise with tho general appearance of most Englishmen of celebrity, and certainly could describe tho peoulinr dresses "of English professions, such as army, navy, or church, and of tho ordinary habits of persons of different professions in England ; that on nil occasions wlion Mr. Lane was witness of tho magician's success, Osman had been pre- sent nt tho provious consultations as to who should be called to appear, and so had probably obtained n description of tho figuro when it was to bo tl.o apparition of some private friend of persons present. That ou theso occasions ho vory probnoly had somo pre-arranged code of words hy which ho. could communicate secretly with thc magician. To this must bo added that his avowed theory of morals on all occasions was, that 'wo did our wholo duty if wo did what wo thought best for our " fellow creatures nod most ngrccablo to them.' Osman was present when Mr. Lnno was so much asto- nished nt hearing tho boy describe very nccu ratoly tho person of Mr. Burckhardt, with whom tho magician was unacquainted, but who had been Osman's patron ; and Osmnn nlso well know thc other gentleman whom Mr. Lnno states in his book that tho boy described ns being ill and 'lying on n sofa ; and Mr. Lnno added, that ho had probably been asked by Osman about that gentleman's health, whom Mr. Lnno then knew to bo suffering under nn attack of rheumatism. Ho concluded, therofore, by avowing that theio was no doubt on his mind, connecting nil theso circumstances with tho declaration tho magician had just made, that Osman had been the confe- derate. " Thus I have given in Mr. Lane's words, not only with his consent, but nt his ready offer, what ho lins no doubt is tho oxplanatlon of tho wholo of a subject which ho now feels to require no deeper inquiry, and which has boen adopted by many ns n marvel upon nn exaggerated view of tho testimony that ho oflbrcd in his book before he lind bcon convinced, ns ho now is, of tho imposture. I gladly atnto this on tho authority of an en- lightened and honourablo mon, to disabuse minds that hnvo wandered into serious speculation on n matter which I cannot but feel to bo quito un- deserving of it.'1 Most of your renders will now, I t'jink, coincido with Air. Holroyd in thc propriety of his placing Abd-ol-Kodcrlsm nnd Dalyism in the samo cate- gory, and deem him involuntarily prophetic in drawing betwixt them BO admirable a pnrmlcl. In ninny of tho experiments (togotbor with their resulte) of Mr. Daly I BJO nothing uer simple mental «Infraction, «ill explain much, being placed in the pillory of tbe School of Arti may explain more; and to play fantastic trick«, even not at the will of another, though caused by another, when the mind . ia far away, is as old as the hills. As sn example, I may cite no less a personage than Adam Smith, and the narrator, no less illustrious, Sir Walter Scott himself ; still more singular, the biological excitant, not Osman Effendi, or Mr. Daly, but another Scotchman, a stately porter in the ser- vice of the Hoard of Customs. A colleague of Dr. Smith, who, as is well known, was a Com- missioner of tho Hoard of Customs, was Sir Walter's informant. " That Hoard had in their service, as porter, a stately person, who dressed in a huge scarlet gown or clonk covered with frogs of worsted Ince, and holding in his hands a staff about seven feet high, ns an emblem of bis office, used to mount guard before the custom-house when a bonrd was to be held. It wa3 thc etiquette, that as each commissioner entered, tho porter should go through n sort cf salute with his staff of office, resembling that which officers used formerly to perform with their spontoon, and then marshal the dignitary to tho hall of meet- ing. This ceremony had been performed before the great economist, perhaps, fivo hundred times. Nevertheless, one day, os lie was just about to enter the Custom-house, tho motions of this janitor seem to havo attracted his ero without their character or purpose reaching his appre- hension, and on a sudden he began to imitate his gestures, as a recruit does those of his drill sergeant. The porter having drawn up in front of the door presented his staff as a soldier does his musket, the commissioner raising his cane and holding it with both hands by tho middle, returned the saluto with tho utmost gravity. The inferior officer, much amazed, recovered his weapon, wheeled to tho right, stepping back a Íiace to give tho Commissioner room lo pass owcring his staff at the same time in token of obeisance. Dr. Smith, instead of passing on, drew up on the opposite side and lowered his cane nt tho same angle. The functionary much out of consequence next moved up stairs with his staff advanced, while tho author of tho Wealth of Nations followed with his bamboo in precisely the same posture, and his soul apparently wrappped in the purpose of placing his foot ex- actly on tho snme spot of each step which had been occupied by tho officer who pre- ceded him. At tho dcor of thc hall the porter again drew off, sainted with his staff and bowed reverentially. Tho philosopher again imitated his motions, and returned his bow with the most profound gravity. When the doctor entered tho apartment, tho spell under which he seemed to act was entirely broken, and our in- formant, who, very much nmused, had followed him tho whole way, had some difficulty to con- vince him that he had done anything extraor- dinary. Of the peculiarities of thc late exhibition it is needless tn say a word, especially when the sensitives appear closely identified with the ima- ginatives. When tho ccrobro-spinnl axis is functionally deranged, tho mind is easily excited. Observer tells us that tho Edinburgh savons are busy at work. True ; but Edinburgh imports largely from Germany, lt can boast of a homocpathy professor ; phrenology flourished tbcro when neglected in its birtu-pluco ; the ghost of Werner still lingers there ; Rciohcnbach is translated thero; and what wonder if Gregory, in defiance of ancestral renown, should cling to ephemeral notoriety instead of perennial fume. Edinburgh cannot lay claim to any great ssicn tific discovery. Even in folly, however much of it she may adopt, she is destitute of originality. K. IC. Bargo BriiBli, February 5. 