PRODUCE MARKET. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER. ' If he ask for bread, will he give him a stone ?" Sir — A father might not give his son stones for bread; a Corporation has no hesitation about it, and offers them with the grace of a boon — Take them and be thankful ! In yes- terday's Times there is a very laboured attempt to prove the ghost of a Produce Market (of which Mr. George Stevenson, according to its own showing, is the substance) is a very useful and valuable arrangement and ought to be supported. Let me briefly state facts. Early in the career of the Cor- poration, I ventured to address that body, in my private capacity, urging upon the Council the importance and ne- cessity of markets. After the matter sleeping a few months, it was intimated to me some weeks since that action was about to take place, and that any hints from the parties in- terested would be acceptable. Accordingly, public meetings were called by advertisement, and a deputation from the growers, &c;, met the Common Council, and by the reso- lutions passed, as well as personally, made their sentiments known. We at least were sincere. We wanted a market. But we do not care a rush for it now this season. The time is gone by — our arrangements are made on the old system, and our hands are fairly in to the work. The Council gave us reason to suppose they were in earnest, when in steps Mr. Stevenson, who had never condescended to attend our meetings, and proposes a market in the street, on the French plan. As that nation is somewhere, about a century behind English notions and practice in all that relates to public convenience or private comfort, it was not a very likely scheme to be successful. But without one word of communication with the parties who had taken the initiative, and with whom they had an inter view, the Corporation — without due notice, without a by law in existence, without a regulation framed— call upon us to fall into the ranks under Mr. Stevenson, and follow his lead. We beg to be excused. I speak for the parties most interested when I say that they would suffer no unworthy personal motives to prevent their ready acquiescence, if there were the slightest approach to what they asked for and must have to ensure success — a covered market and proper conveniences, with by-laws enforced, which shall be imperatively binding. We want a produce market, at which seller and buyer may meet and in an hour or two transact their business — a wholesale place of dealing. What is the affair in King William-street ? A retail stall, where Mr. George Stevenson, by proxy, supplies parties retail at the same prices he sells to the shops wholesale. I quote from the published results, not from personal visita- tion, which show from the rates and quantities named that this is the fact. I deny that this is a market ; it is an in- terference with the retail dealer, much more justly to be complained of than hawkers' baskets. What would Messrs. Councillors Fiveash or Fisher say, if the salesmen who sup- ply them with beasts and provender were to open a place to sell ..... by the joint or quart as they have given by the carcase and load? How would Mr. Councillor Gland- field approve of Mr Alderman Solomon, after disposing of a cargo of tea and sugar, setting out a stall to sell those articles by the pound at the same prices he had given. Or let Mr. Councillor Platts see Mr. Alderman Paxton, after selling him a case of stationery, employ a man or two to retail another case by the quire ! Do unto others as you would be done by, gentlemen. Let it be admitted for the sake of argu- ment that the dealers have exaggerated the retail prices beyond fair limits : it is an evil which a fair public whole- sale market will remedy. It has not been so much so this season as in times past. " There be many sins," says the son of Sirach, " in buying and selling" — we wish to avoid apparent ones at all events ; and would advise the Corpora- tion to eschew all individual scheming and consult the general benefit. The Times tells us something about a clause in the Police Act ! Fudge ! No one knows better than His Worship the Mayor that colonial Acts have larger breaches than Acts of Parliament ; and I have no fear of being able to send my van and horses through without damage. Our course is already taken, if there be any attempt to coerce us to such a miserable failure as the King William-street market, so thoroughly inconvenient and utterly inadequate for the object. As in... these oases I like open dealing, I subscribe my- self not 'any A. H. Davis,' but A. H. DAVIS, of Moore Farm. 19th January, 1858. 