THE SCOTTISH WITCH. Our Scottish sorceress is a far nore frightful being than her supernatural coadjutor on the south side of the Tweed. The English witch is the very slave of stupid vulgarity, and among the most wonderful things in the whole history of diablery is this, that men of dignity and position, if not of learning—that important country gentleman, dignified clergy, judges, and privy councillors, should submit to the conviction that beings so contemptible and vulgar could be objects of alarm to them, and be admitted to havo some power or authority over their fate. One would have thought that the village bag, how ever humble her position, and limited her views of life, would have had them widened in their distinct iveness, when the prince of the power of the air selected them as the means of doing his work. But the old hag's fiendish machinations cannot go be yond the sphere of her early habits. She is a terri- ble enemy to pigs—sometimes inflicts convulsions on a turkey—possibly rises to the dignity of afflict- ing a cow with heavy sickness, or giving a horse the staggers. She can disturb the elements it is true, but they go no further in their wrath than the sour- ing of the beer or the destruction of the butter. She is an inveterate slattern, managing with an in- finite variety of offensive operations to disturb the equanimity of the tidy, notable English housewife. Even Ben Johnson's s'ately blank verse cannot communicate dignity to her pursuits:— To make owes cast their lambs—swine eat their farrow The housewives' tun not work—nor the milk churn, tVrilbo children's wrists,and suck their breath inslocp, Get phials of their blood; and when tho son Casts up his shiny ooze, search for a weed. To open lock* with, and to xdvot charms Planted about her In the wkkod font Of all her mischiefs, which ore man'fcsL" More p'cturerque were the spells of the Lady Foulis’ of the witches of Anldenio, and of that wild crew, who after revelling with the devil in tho church of North Berwick, ransacked tho sui rounding graves for necromantic charms, and then went to son in sieves, with tho foul fiend as signal-master to raise a storm for tho destruction of the king as ho camo from Norway with his bride. But if the works of darkness have thus afforded incidents more glori ously picturesque in our northern regions, neither the accusers nor tho unhappy beings who arrogated to themselves, or were accused of supernatural powers, havo any more merit in the picturosquoness of tho adjuncts in which they move, than in creat ing tho most mountainous and stormy winds of the country. With ono or two exceptions, their ends are ns base and their objects os mean and vulgar as the destroyers of butter and enemies of pigs in the south, and we shall find that some of the charges aro of as truly household and humble a character, though rendered somewhat more grotesque by northern peculiarities of language and habit. In a people so far behind their neighbour* in domestic o-ganiaition, poor atd hardy, inhabiting a country of mountains, torrents, and rock*, where cultivation was sc.v.ty, accustomed to gloomy mists and wild storms, every impression must necessarily assume a eussoa and vermin, are existences peculiar to the spot where they appear, and are Governed by its physical accidents. In tho welt-lighted drawtn"- room, wo liavfi tho latost fashionables ouackcry ; ia the churchyard or tho ruined mansion, we have the pallid spectre; in the stormy mountains, the ghosts of a traditional gigantic race rise before the tired wanderer in misty morasses. When the benighted traveller is intercepted by a torrent strugglin'; among rooks In wild cataracts, while it bores black holes in their sides, be thinks lie sees the water kelpie learing from each cavern, ns he seeks dubiously ami nervously a point where he may venture to cross, and on vast treacherous marshes, where tho danger to the belated wanderer is not so obvious, but is often more formidable, ho is led on by the perfidious will o’ tho wisp—a creature of the English Tens, of whom no trace can bo found among Scottish superstitions. As gentles swarm about tho putrid flesh of the dead dog, and bugs inhabit de onyod deal, and earwigs shelter themselves behind the bark of roiton staves, so tho superstitions which ariso out of intellectual putrescence vary with the conditions in which they appear— and thus it is, the indications of witchcraft, in Scotland are as different front those of superstition which in England receives the same name, as tho Grampian Mountains from Shooter's Hill or Kennington Common. Mr. Charles Knight, in his ever interesting and pleasant on Shakspero, endeavours to prove that the machinery of tho witchcraft scenes in Mac beth must have been found in a journey throvgh Scotland, and unable to discover any ordinary tra veller’s traces of Shakspero having been there, tried to prove it by internal evidence from the tragedy. Thus he thought ho could make out that tho witches in Macbeth arc Scottish, not English. From the homo market they certainly are not; Shakspero was far too groat an artist to make the domestic nui sance, called a witch, in the neighbourhood of Strat forcl-on-Avon, a material worker in tho ancient revolutions and tragical events of a kingdom, sup posed by all ordinary readers of history to have been ruled by n lino of oriental Monarchs, who had passed noithward from the palaces of ihoir fathers, tho Egyptian Pharaohs, several hundreds of years before tho binh of Christ. Shakspero would as readily have made Cassius an Alderman or Mark Antony the light honourable gentleman, or have given Cleopatra a stnivhed raffle, as have set English witches on tho blasted heath. lu fact, with the despotism of genius, he suited matters to his will. The witches in Macbeth are neither Scots nor English, nor tho beings of any other country they evidently embody whatever was picturesque, power ful, and worthy of artistic admiration in all tho witch lore that ho had read. They partake as much of the Pareto of (he Greeks, and tho Choosers of tbe Slain of tho Norse mythology, as they do of any superstition alive in later ages. “ If yon can look into the seeds of lime, And say which grain will grow, and which will not." looks more like a classical than a northern represen tation. And again: “ Though yo untie the winds, and make them war Against the steeples—though tho yoasty waves- Confound and swallow navigation up," might bo readily enough suggested by the Scottish witchcraft scenes. Nothing about them, however, was*there to bo found in literature, and it is drawing too distant a conclusion to maintain from such inci dents that Shakspere must have wandered in Scot- land, and, mixing with the peasantry, have learned their superstitions, when there were more other ob- vious sources whence he might have drawn his ma- terials. Olans Magnus, whoso pages are ripe with elementary wrath, and all that tho hardy Norsemen endure in sea storms, pathless glaciers, and the cold and darkness of tho northern winters, amply delivers himself on the powers exercised by witches and the other servants of Satnn over thi-t dread enginery. The little Latin of the dramatic sage would be enough to let him into the Bishop of Upsala’s His- tory of wonders; and the same materials may be traced to many other sources—in a great measure, even to the Latin poets, in whose phraseology the bishop in some measure invests his descriptions.— Burton’s Criminal Trials. 