\--o. To the Editor of the "Goullurn Herald." Stn,-Another tirade-of greater length, I think;, than the huge Yeas-budget of February last, uand from the same party, has appeared in your journal of last Saturday, on bridge matters. It is, however, but an "echo" of that party's former letters to yon, ( with a fet? exceptions,) and to which I have more than once replied, and I shall not thereolbro noticoe it. I shall be brief in noticing the few exceptious,viz.: The atlidarit atf?Ir: Your correspondent, having at length, antl, I think, with evident reluctance, ad muitted his leing one of two, who stopped the sale of the condemned piers, has placed himself before your self and vour readers, as the "itncubus" to the erec tionr of tile Yass bridge. IHld the removal of those piers been permitted at the time, a new bridge woulhd have been commenced immediately after, or at all events, with the least possible delay. The 12 2s. matter: Your correspondent's nccount of the two guiseao alfair, is, indeed, a most garbled one. Hlere, to use his own words, ihe has "tripped," and most sadly too. Mly protest against the pay ment of that sum from the bridge fund, is at the Court House, with the books and papers of the com lmittee, of which he is aware, land to mlake the stteo ment alreadv published by him a true anl'correct one, that protest must be published also, which youlr correspondenst will, or sbould, fool himsaelf called on to publish, as he has mixed up my name in the mat ter. IMy reasons for not 'signingg" a chbequo are clearly set forth in that document. Thoe membersof the committee were not present, as slated by your correspondent! His memory is a good one, unlike mine, it would appear, and ihe will therefore recollect and let you know, the names of the members who wsero present, and WHo VOTED on that memonrabl occasion. I have gained the only object which I have had in view, in the matter of the bridgo-that is, to have a sound one-and sufficiently so to withstand the heavy floods, which roll down, annually past Yass. We shall soon have it, and it will be when erected, a noble structure, worthy of our fine town-the grand depot of the Southern Gold Region. To attain that ohject, I have withstood the artillery of those who desired, even an indifferent bridge, rather than none at all; and trying as that warfare has been, I would withstand it again, rather than lend myself to the erection of a structure such as the condemned piers; rotten from their very Tors to their lowest EXTTra TY ;-there are those in 'Yass, and were in Sydney, who saw the heaps of rubbish cast into misslhape forms, to form a resting place for the piers. There is one very particular matter, which appears to have escaped your correspondent's memory, having refe rence to the erection of the piers, but which I shall allowv to rest, for the present at least, he will per haps, recollect it, when writing to you again. £he bridge fund amounted, in 1849, to £800 10s. 8d., to which, in 1851, the government added £200 snore, the aggregate being £1000 10s. 8d. The tenders received from men of capital, willing and prepared to guarantee their work for five years, were far above that sum. The contract whillh turned no adverse to the erection of the bridge, was somewheoro about £647,-and hence, the origin of the inferior work in the piers; and so opposite to the work con tracted for. We shall soon learn the sum it will require to erect a sound and efficient bridge at Yass;--whether three thousand pounds, ( £3,000!) or four thousand pounds (£,4000!) I have gained thoonly object I had in view, namely to place matters in their present train, and so en sure a really good bridge, and one worthy of our fine town, the grand depot of the South and of the Southern Gold Fields. To attain that object I have withstood the artillery of my opponents, and would do so again, rather than LEND iYSELF to the ereo tion of such a wretehed structure as was lately at tempted at Yass; and which, as regards the wooden parts, would have been scwept ore this to Lahe Alexandrina, if not out to sea! The heavier, or misshcaponed stone-work would, of course, have been left, sno it now is "scattered to the winds and floods" and for which, no rational man, would give more than a paltry sum-and even then, would be pur chased as matters of history only, by parties desirous to hand down to the end of time the famo ofour Yass bridge-builders of the 19th century! ! As the ghost-liko remains now stand, thoseo who pass by, ilcluding ,our Yass correspondent and myself, can tako an occasional look at them ; your correspon dloot daily-the others au chance inay tako them that way, 'en route' to the gold fields or elsewhere. I do not-nor have I attributed motives to your correspondent for stopping the sale ; and I have ab stained tlhroughout the whole of the bridge cam paign from attributing motives to any one in the matter, or gotting into bad humour. My object in pressing tho "allidavit" allhir, was purely to prove who caused the delay in the ereetio--not of the rotten, but of the sound bridgo;-and your corres pondent has at length, and after a fierce struggle, placed the "iloubus" on, or between his shoulders! in rather a reluotant way, certainly, but that I care not for. I am, Sir, your's obediently, H. O'BRIEN, Warden of the District of Yass. Douro, Yass, 22nd March, 1853. 