to THE ^RDJISHOP OP TAS- Corneillt. JMIMC, to oner ui hsTo M dcU;nulnoj\y ,r. rtKrtlhBnloml obliquity of the late Dr. ,tpici too 6>»™£ to, ,s Mntc„,ptuou» treatment of , Jmcr&ln; manlfcjicd In Ills fwrfully aching. , „IirI,0int—wc ask, bow eanasctariea '^XSm t^ c'loUc Cliurcli, ever venture to favourites to any popular Whole body of P«ttan«ol any "? if our statement be indisputable, as we Aad, former, iirar „lmt stronger lustanm "".iT™h addS^«rtho deluding and blinding raid 1* poss.bll UBmu,prised InstruoUons ^'""''""^ fcS and therefore merely human I'Miy »J or an) " I , scripturnlly autbo- S r S to, commending Itself to the en- To truth of Christianity Itaelf-for each and every -ttlii of Catholic faith, gorornmentand worship ? " The fatally vitiating prejudice of RUCU A man as Dr Iialmcrs, is the more to bo deplored, ns it is n so the lore dcstrnctivcly dangerous, when the rocntonous errices and ncknowledgcd talents of so eminent nn loiriduftl, nrc duly remembered. We arc not slow, my Lord, in sympathising, amongst he admirers of Dr. Chalmers, witli such & remeni- Wclums often dwelt witli delight— yea, with some ntliusiasm, on the most able achievements of Dr. halrocra, in behalf of the evidence of our Divine clirion, in one ofhis earliest productions—then ou Ills jWirac portraiture of the incomparably excelling ntndeurof tlie Creator's inastcrpiccc uf Redemption, ;iTTored in, and harmonizing villi, the material glass "Uis works, in the heavens, ascloquently uufolded in j Astronomical Discourses—and, at the close of his fo. on the remarkable development of the obviously sipned adaptation of tlie physical universe, being so 'monstrablv8«Iwrdiiiated toalJtlie higher purposes of j moral be'iug, as enlarged upon in bis Dridgcwater reatisc. Bat, my Lord, a sad contrast, most assured If, no«r -escnts itself. Dr. Chalmers' book, entitled " Scripture Keicrenccs," fs, at this instant, on our table. It aims at eviwgclte- 3g, bv "exhibiting, at one view, the chicf passages of ,-od's Word," uiost important classes of persons: being accifically "designed for the use of Parents, Sabbath <bool Teachers, and Private Christians:' Many, very aathousands of linepublicatiou have overspread the Thole land. It has been adopted as a faultless, infallible evangel leal monitor—containing, as is presumed, the purest doctrine and yrecepl, in the full and unmuti 'iitfd language of scripture \ synoptically or tabularly tmmged. This work is divided into no Jess than than one tandrc<Und six sections, defining and illustrating, as mi^ht be supposed, every imaginable tittle of Christian Mi.aorl the vitrfad duties, public aud private, social ui domestic, of Christian morality. Dr. Chalmers here elaborately makes the Old Tcs- (iment, as well as tJie JsVw—the Levitical precej>t as «ellasthecvnn&ylic; ordinance— the Law as well as the Gospi'l, tributary to liis complete system of Bible In short—apparently, nn doctrine, no one duty, howfrtr unimportant, is left unopened—everything seems Di5tamp1v and honestly developed. But what is our surprise? We refer to tlK» contents fJUicsc onnlumdrcdtiud six sections—\ve refer also to lis eight sections, specitically,on the nature and all the iuties of prayer, ami yet not one single word, or even lint, is adduced on the necessity of thediviue ordinance J fasting! The Holy Ghost had, inseparably, in the Bible, repeatedly united prayer to fasting—God had often joined them irrevocably together, as a solemn and imperative duty, with a promised blessing, yet, Dr. Ctwlmere, to'gratify n rankling prejudice, and to jlea.se the sellishuess of an interested party, thus, in the 6pirit of infidelity, suffers a treason on the majesty of divine truth, to he so impiously perpetrated 1 He tv ns cuts to those plea sere of their own selves, who nmposc all such sectarian bodies, by sacrilegiously pillaging, the temple of evangelical truth, of one of her brightest gems of heavenly origin, by deceitfully hindling, and by demoralieingly mangling,the precious oracles of heaven's truth ! It is, thus, nothing to Dr. Chalmers, that fasting is a positive institution of God—nothing that its duty is the direct command of Christ—nothing that it was practised, for our example Hnd imitation, by prophets, ipostlcs, and the greatest saints—nothing that its practice is prophetically revealed as the peculiarly characteristic and distinctive mark of all the truly fpirilun! subjects of the llcdiomer's universal kingdom -yea, nothing that its observance moves tbe very Deity to forgiving mercy (Jonah iii.\ and is of by far thedif/eit efficacy against all Hell's fiercest powers y iMwkix.)! Ah! my lord, all these proofs of resistless potency Bwtfall in the dust, before the imperious supremacy 'fur provincial denominational cabal, decreeing—or w decreeing, their own prescribed fasts. Not to fast, *hen one of 6uch bodies issues it's decree, draws down at once, at their hands, the highest vengeance of paal intolerance. In the case of Charles Forbench, Ffflorof Ncwhy in Essex, one of the grounds of the derivation of bis benefice was—' neglecting the DODthly fasts (in <f»e Commonxrealth timts), setting h Qui to plough, himself also working ou those davs !' — {bishop SfuirCe" Sketch nf the History of the Chur hshnd to the Bvvolution" vol, ii. }>. 203.) Vc remember, my lord, reaiingan admirable disburse of Dr. Chalmers, on "the wrath of man workin M the righteousness of God,' 1 in reprobation of var wuries, fiercely declaiming gainst popery, whilst twsoBcll'-flarae individuals evidenced no little popery iw&mongst; themselves} heard of the foulmuthed cahimnies of "pious frauds," so falsely charged upon the Catholic Church; but tehert—let it fe turned-is Hie "pious fraud," amongst Catholic *nters, that would amount, though most surely proved, to a minute fraction of the enormous fraudulent turpitude, enacted, for the interests ofu faction,in these scripture References" of Dr. Chalmers, to beguile and mislead the fouls of the sirapl ^"e presume, my lord, your well known expericncc "the general literature of ihc age, lias not passed by a "fry popular publication, entitled "(Jieraldinc: a Tale wConscience." This work, though tvnonyuions, is by • loraale convert to Catholicity, the UUentcd daughter, *iMieve, of the distinguished Sir Andrew Agnew, JU, of Sabbath- legislation notoriety. It most graphiwy details the workings of the writer's mind, in her PMual progress from 'timid enquiry to the mostasconviction of Catholic verities. We are gratified in finding that the very interesting ™ ine > bas not paswd over, without notice, this ««J lamentable mutilation of divine truth, bv her welirated countryman. She says:—"Geraldine* took com'CnalTuers Scripture IJffcrcnecs' to serve as a wnsordance for quickly discerning nil the texts which Mffeopon/iwtinj; bnt in vain did she look, in that JJwrise usefnl little book, for a word not admitted ™thc crecd of the author!"—("GeroWine: a Talc of "eu-cJ assured, my Ion], that tlie Catholic Church Passes, under divine assistance, an engine of mighty projey, indeed, for the reclamation of wanderers from woirino pastures, in the unbiassed perusal of the ^volume, if unaccompanied by the unhallowed npocnts and corrupting devices of such sectarian variou !Rnd s revolting Churches throughout Via, my lord, in that volume, the plainest reader EE.. e ~?» m iiteral Precept, each and all of the dis- SS?T? ?*? tareB *»d characteristic dogmas of Uie Wholic Church. We know what must be the result to wypurclyunpipjudlcod mind, if tlie words of Scripture !H rB . uftered tomoan just what,incommonparlance, mo ill 1 ? honored—we leave it to tlie conncicnoes, lieblen™ c< """' c «ons, of the impartial and en- Wc have road many volumes, uTittcn liy Cathelle CSL ' , "PPCaling, ezrluaivily, my lord, In the Scriptures, for the true foundations and entire I Sffv su p™tructure of tlie Catholic ChurchffiZ f e * rc ' Isll(:8B Mgoncj- of argument, if, at least, tertoleS l 8 5 ',ray d . b ' >fl ° m,Jle Cand ° Ur b °'' 11 °" y ' * J " ) EMir:,?' 1 ®®' 1,011,1 wo omlt ' evcn as » < 1l!, >' of mindful Sd»i m . 0r f \»viU.ig public attention to publication of anotlier female BISIJ., 1 "^stmlsm, of conspicuous talent, TOcatod toUic Catholic lllsbop of lSdinburgb. The serve, as a Kmcwlut SKffiedri 8 "™ ° f t '" ! rC - m » rk6 Hor ' ttolwl^! Mt !" ,t 't Mrs ' p - M - Pi " ! "-) Converted loCa- Wtoty, by her Bible aud I-raycr • Uook."'-{Dublin {To be Mnti/iued next fiitur&iy.;) 